Everything was dry and tasteless, including the service, and even the ice cream.  (How does one make ice cream dry?)We had a very good dinner. The food was excellent and service friendly and efficient. The restaurant is lovely. If I had to say anything on the negative side it would be that I felt slightly rushed.Service was very slow, they were out of the cheese plate, and several other item on the menu? I was served some other fish instead of the drum I ordered. Desserts were the only saving grace, table had one of everything and they were all great.OMG where to start.  Most excellent meal i have had in years.  Table started with escargot and the hummus dip.  Then onto salads which were very tasty with lots of different tastes and textures.  Next we had the veal shank dish, gulf fish dish, and flat iron steak dish.  There was not a scrap left and we couldn't be happier.  We were seated inside by our choice because the weather was drizzly and damp, and that was cozy and romantic.  Very well lit and noise level perfect.  We will definitely go back and recommend it to anyone wanting an excellent meal for a special occasion.I must say I love sitting out on Martinique's charming patio, especially now that it's cooling off in New Orleans.  That being said, I wasn't really impressed by anything else.  The service was good but at a restaurant like this I expect the servers to be more in charge of the experience and to take a little more control.  The food was ok but nothing incredibly memorable.  There were some great flavors and execution of technique, but when held against restaurants I consider within its genre (Lilette, Coquette, La Petite Grocery, et. Al.) Martinique falls short. Perhaps the biggest disappointment was the wine list.  For A.) being a french-inspired restaurant and B.) being in New Orleans, I could not believe the scarcity of french wine on the menu.  I think significant changes in this department would greatly improve Martinique's real estate among New Orleans patrons. As a regular at Coquette and La Petite I want a little more from Martinique to compete.  I will definitely be back but hope for some improvements.Consistently great. Always warm and attentive service, reasonably priced and cozy atmosphere. Super fresh ingredient, nice presentation all around rock solid restaurantSome of the best food I've ever eaten! The scallops were amazing, my sister said she was gunna go on a scallops diet ha - The manager David was also extremely courteous!Martinique is quite possibly the most romantic restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. The quiet outdoor courtyard is surrounded by fresh herbs used in everything from their seafood bouillabaisse to their homemade mint-chip ice cream. 
Unfortunately the crab cake appetizer included only a single crab cake. However, it was one marvelous crab cake  -  wow! By this I mean that it was all crab meat, no fluff. I also ordered succulent sea scallops in a creamy tarragon blood orange sauce over fingerling potatoes with spinach. I loved the complexity of flavors. Martinique is a truly sensual experience.Three.. probably closer to 3.5
Delicious. Beautiful outdoor patio. 
Service was a little slow. We originally made reservations for 8, but two couldn't make it. Maybe they were waiting for the other two to show up, but it took a while to hear the specials, even after we told them it was only going to be the 6 of us. 
We started with the charcuterie plate, and the bread was absolutely delicious. I ordered the Prince Isle Edward Mussels. Mussels were yumm, broth was great. Unfortunately, the restaurant ran out of bread. Mussels and broth without bread? Quite a disappointment.. 
Others at the table had the seared sea scallops and the sauteed gulf shrimp, the lobster gnocchi and which were all very good. 
We finished our meal with bread pudding and dark chocolate cake served with Guiness ice cream. The dark chocolate cake was a little too rich for me, but others seemed to enjoy it.Only reason it gets two stars is the pleasant outdoor seating. Food is dismal. I am not sure why they can't find a chef to cook basic French food in New Orleans. I guess they don't care or their clientele doesn't care.A MUST do if you enjoy alfresco dining.
The warm bread was delicious and the warm goat cheese salad with mixed greens was awesome! So was the flat iron steak! Profiteroles for dessert! Mmmm good! All and all an excellent meal! Took My parents and my brother and his girlfriend who were visiting from Florence Italy. Everyone was in agreement and LOVED it. 5 stars! You HAVE to eat in the courtyard!! Give it a try and you will not be disappointed-I promise!Martinique was always one of my favorite restaurants, but once I moved further downtown, I hadn't really gone in quite some time. I went back over the weekend (and then embarrassingly again last night...) and it was phenomenal. The mussels are truly divine - with a green curry broth, roasted sweet potatoes and then jerk-spiced sweet potato chips on top. It's just out of this world good. The lamb loin was also really great, as was the shrimp entree. Though I really do think next time I go (which, at this rate, should be by early next week), I'm just going to do a double order of those mussels for an entree. 
They also now have a cocktail list, which I don't think they had in years past. I can't remember the name of the one I had, but it had sparkling rosé, ginger vodka and elderflower, and it was really delightful. 
Beyond having fantastic food, the ambiance is also perfect. I hadn't been since they re-did the courtyard, and I love the new bar area outside. When the weather is as beautiful as it's been lately, there's really no better place for outdoor dining. The interior dining room is also beautiful - extremely flattering lighting, which is very important. Also the service is really wonderful! The only downside is that parking can be difficult, which isn't even the restaurant's fault. I would just be sure to give yourself an extra couple of minutes to find a spot.
All in all, I have to say Martinique is once again my favorite New Orleans restaurant.Third time to Martinique and it's never really been great.  This time was the last time and it deserves a review.
Neither mine nor my wife's food was good.  In fact, I'm pretty sure my filet was rotten and couldn't even force myself to eat half of it
The bar selection is poor and the service is not much better than the food.  Don't waste your time here.  There are much better choices around town.Tucked along one of the nicer stretches of Magazine St., this French bistro is one the best places I've eaten, ever.  Certainly in the top two in New Orleans (Bayona being the other).
The interior is rather small, (think "French country house") but it has a large, beautiful patio which is great if the weather is good.
One thing that stands out is that their menu has a lot of depth; every time I go, I can't decide.  Everyone gets something different, and it's all good.
They also have no-corkage / wine amnesty Tuesdays.The food has recently gotten a lot better. I would have to say this is one of my favorites in New Orleans. Great fish dishes, great service, they made up a super healthy plate of shrimp & veggies for our toddler. Excellent!I like Martinique, but I question the consistency for example in soups.
I had the Tomato Basil soup and unfortunately it was just way too salty and I can tolerate salt.
The Scallops served on Gorgonzola grits (if I recall) was very good and rich.
I'd go back but what you order may be a gamble also based on the duck I once ordered - not wort the price for the quality it was.
As far as atmosphere? very nice.My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. Martinique is a very romantic restaurant, but be sure to get a table out in the courtyard. Reservations are a must, because they have limited tables. Street parking was available, and it felt great to be away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. 
For an appetizer, we had Suntried Tomato Gnocchi. Very good! We also enjoyed dipping the warm bread in the sauce the gnocci was served in. My boyfriend got the Oven Roasted Steen's Cane Syrup Cured Duck Breast & Confit Duck Leg Quarter, Smoked Black Pepper- Sundried Cherry Demi-Glace. Very rich, but enjoyable. It was served with goat cheese grits on the side, and we loved them! I got the Skillet Seared Flat Iron Steak, Confit Forest Mushrooms, Brandy-Green Peppercorn Demi-Glace, Shallot-Cabernet Compound Butter entree, and was impressed. The portions were rather small, but so satisfying you didn't need any more than they served.
For dessert, we got the creme brule. Rich, and very good. We also tried an interesting gelato sampler (shittake chocolate, blue cheese and walnut and honey lavendar and goat cheese gelatos), but we didn't really enjoy those too much. Fun to try, but after one bite we were finished. 
Great atmosphere, great service and worth every penny! We will definitely go back if we are ever back in NOLA.This place has a small patio and small indoor dining space (and small to the point it can be a bit cramped).  The patio can be enjoyable when the weather is nice outside and they do have outdoor heaters for cooler times.  This place used to have more of a French Caribbean food theme (I didn't really like) but they have seemed to be going more towards a French Bistro concept over the past few years (and I like that much better).  They often do some good mussel dishes and the menu seems to change pretty often.  Generally good food but I've had few exquisitely divine dishes to stimulate my long term memory so far.  The patio is the main draw of this place and usually this wouldn't be my first choice for dinner but it is a pleasant spot on a nice day to enjoy lunch outside.My dinner group met at Martinique Bistro this month (my first chance to eat there) and I have one word to describe the food - fantastic! I ordered the Gravalax tartare and the Duck entree (breast and leg confit). I love salmon and this appetizer was simply delicious, with the diced red onions and the capers - yum yum! I also tasted the escargot app and the jumbo lump crab meat 'cobb salad' and both are worth ordering. The escargot was perfectly seasoned (with spices other than just garlic and butter) and the broth was very dip worthy, so we quickly apportioned all the bread and started sopping it up out of my friend's bowl. The crab 'cobb' salad was also fabulous with lots and lots of crab meat. My duck breast was a little dry but the leg confit was perfect - deliciously crunchy on the outside and mouth watering savory dark meat gaminess on the inside...I love duck! I also tried the rabbit and the bouillabaisse and both were really good. For dessert, a friend of mine ordered the Guinness Ice Cream, damn good! Oh and order the 2004 Rosenblum Petite Sirah 'Heritage Clones'. That wine was drinking very well with the duck and rabbit and bouillabaisse! I will definitely add this place to my list of restaurant to 'keep going back to' and in this city, that is a long ass list.
The ambience was also very nice in the little French bistro style place. It was a little warm for the outdoor seating area, but inside the mood was just right (if not a little loud from our group of 13)...Martinique has now been around for nearly 20 years, and it seems both timeless and fresh at the same time. The charming interior channels a Lyonaise bistro, slightly cramped and creaky, but quite welcoming. The beautiful courtyard is a must during the four or five months a year when New Orleans is not a sub tropical hellscape of heat, humidity, and, umm, interesting aromas.
      First of all, Martinique is a top flight spot for brunch (and is my parents' first choice whenever they come to town; my parents are among the smartest, most refined and well travelled folks you are likely to meet ), as well as lunch and dinner. 
      There is always a tasty quiche du jour for brunch, though I am really partial to the seared sea scallop salad ( with bracingly astringent caperberries,roasted potatoes and haricot vert) as well as a French style rolled omelet or savory crepe currently accompanied by eggs, pancetta and Manchego.
       Dinner and lunch hew fairly close to bistro standards revived and improved with modern flourishes (sundried tomato gnocchi Parisienne' with walnuts, pistou and arugula) or a roasted grouper with pumpkin and a lobster claw, slicked with seafood beurre noisette.
       Service is always gracious and efficient, and one always feels one has gotten a great deal for the money spent.Stopped by this place during my two day trip and I was not disappointed.
Was hoping to find more native cuisine, but we were able to dine shortly before they closed their doors around 2.
Entrees:
Shrimp
French Toast
Drinks:
Grapefruit Mimosa
Fresh Lemonade
If you haven't had it I would truly recommend the french toast. I was caught off guard, but now trying to make my own version. Good stuff. Will definitely try again. Good food and great service. :)My favorite place on Tuesday night.  Bring your own wine night (no corkage fees).  If it is a nice night, their courtyard is one of my favorite places to dine.   The food is excellent, the service is always nice (I do offer our server a taste of the classified vintage bordeaux that I bring and I believe it helps with the service).  This usually brings a smile to his/her face when they taste a 20 year old classified Bordeaux.  The food is classic New Orleans and is 100% consistant visit to visit.  It does not change a lot, however is is consistantly excellent.  I have dined here over the past several years and I always remark as I am leaving, that I don't come here enough.  I think the location makes it a bit difficult, as I live in the Warehouse District and taking a cab uptown can be a hassle.  Regardless, I really love this place on Tuesday night for the no corkage fee though...We had a lovely dinner at the Martinique Bistro.  Our entrees were delicious and interesting,  My husband had a variation on shrimp and grits so much more elegant than the usual that it made us last.  The entrees were not oversized, but that left room for some truly world class desserts.  The chocolate cake was incredibly rich and flavorful, but my favorite (yes, we shared) was the plum sorbet I ordered.  It was a large but light serving of a delicate, delightful confection.  Our table was in the courtyard which I am sure is charming when the plastic rain covering is not in place.  Everyone was anticipating rain from Tropical Storm Karen, but it never did rain that evening.  We were very disappointed at not having the outdoor meal we had looked forward to.  Service was impeccable throughout.  All in all, we would go back!Went here on a recommendation. What a gem! Good food and good service. Well worth the drive from the French Quarter out Magazine St. (Right next to Whole Foods)
Heard it was a favorite of Brad Pitt's when he is in residence in New Orleans. He wasn't there the night I was there though.The service was excellent and the food was better. I had the foie gras and duck, both were good. Then, we shared the chocolate cake. It was perfect.  I would recommend this place for anything from a casual date to a formal dinner.Back to the traditional French cuisine. Wonderful Onion soup. The soup du jour was a pleasant Spinach & Asparagus creamy concoction with lardons. Fantastic Cassoulet, a dish that is a rare find here in NOLA. For dessert we went whole hog doubling on chocolate. The Chocolate Mousse was devine!  The warm molten chocolate cake nearly brought me to tears. Both, of course, with 2004 Moet Chandon Grand Vintage Rose. Corkage: $15.00 made it affordable.If you can do ONLY one brunch in New Orleans....GO HERE! My party sat in the courtyard, had wonderful bloody mary's and the best eggs benedict I have ever had. Service outstanding, and great to get out of the quarter and walk around this wonderful neighborhood! Thank you Martinique for adding so much to my trip and taste buds!The atmosphere of the indoor restaurant was crowded and loud. The service was nice but slow. The food was overpriced for the quality of food given to us. The steak I ordered tasted more like a rump roast from a stew than a 28 dollar filet mignon. Don't order the Creme Brulee (undercooked and unattractive). The entire experience left something to be desired.The owner, manager & staff here are all fantastic! They really make the restaurant. Don't get me wrong, the food and drinks are also excellent! It was a fantastic accidental find on Magazine Street! I'm very glad I went back for dinner!Had dinner here last night, we made reservations for the courtyard! It was beautiful! We stated out with one of the June specials which was a crab meat zucchini cake! It was right on!! We then had the pork belly pancake as well as the mussels! Mussels are not my favorite but would gladly order them again, For desert we had the sweet corn ice cream! By far the best!! Will def be returning soon!!!Martinique is a beautiful restaurant that is charming but not kistchy.  The outdoor seating is really nice but you will need a reservation to sit out there if the weather is even remotely nice.  Service is also top notch.  My partner ordered the 3 course set menu and it was phenomenal. The 1st course was the crab cake which was tender, and came with a spicy red sauce instead of the usual remoulade.   The entree was the lamb loin which he said was the most beautifully cooked lamb he had ever had.  Even on the plate it looked like it would melt in your mouth, and I don't even eat meat.  The dessert was a crepe with blueberries.  Fantastic, only slightly sweet and full of fresh ripe blueberry flavor.  
I ordered the black truffle gnocchi as my starter.  The gnocchi was nicely cooked, but I did not taste any truffle, it just tasted like the shitake mushrooms that were in it, and it also needed more salt.  I also got the ricotta and creole tomato salad.  The salad looked kind of wilted on the plate and there was very little ricotta, and again, it needed more seasoning.  For dessert, I got the baked Alaska, which was very nice. 
The dishes from the 3 course special menu were far superior to the a la carte items.  The service was great and the wines our waiter suggested were really nice.I hate being an overly harsh reviewer, so typically I like to start and end with some positives. Yet when I sat down to pen this Martinique review, I had to think for quite some time to arrive at anything I enjoyed about the restaurant. I think Yelp's tagline for a two star review: "Meh. I've experienced better" sums it up aptly. This is not a place of nightmares or the subject of horror stories; it simply is not a remarkable restaurant. If you do end up here, do yourself a favor and sit in the outdoor courtyard (provided they haven't erected the mosquito tent - what a mood killer). The buzzwords 'romantic' and 'intimate' attributed to the place only apply to the courtyard. The service seems misguided. It is French in the upscale sense: inattentive, borderline snooty, and overstaffed. This place would be the norm in the 1990's Theater District, and in being so, it fails to be a true bistro. The food is not comforting, and there is no informal air of congeniality. Yet, as I said, this is not a place of nightmares. The food is certainly edible, it simply isn't what one would expect given the prices and the self confidence on display. Martinique should embrace its aggrandizement and drop the "Bistro" from its name.Amazing.  Martinique has been on my list for years and I can't believe I never made it until last night.  i was with a group of six, which was fantastic because we ordered a ton of food and got to taste much of the menu.  
Escargot, lobster gnocchi, basil crepe, tomato gazpacho and mussels were excellent.  The scallop appetizer special was kind of bland.  Cobb salad was outstanding, peppery arugula and salty cheese with sweet crab meat.  I thought it was kind of strange that no bread was served, which I generally don't care about but was needed for the escargot sauce.  Instead, we slurped it up with the mussel shells!
Lamb with pistachio-mint tapenade and pork with onion marmalade were both outstanding.  The flat iron steak was good but not as flavorful as it should have been, the flavor mostly came from the compound butter it was topped with.  My entree was an ahi with a caper-five herb beurre blanc that was heavy on the tarragon and topped with crabmeat.  The sauce was amazing, the crabmeat really set it off, I wish the tuna was cooked slightly less but still great.
Desserts were a super Meyer-lemon goat cheese tart, a housemade Guinness ice cream and a fairly boring bread pudding.  Lovely service, beautiful setting, stellar meal.Martinique Bistro is one of my favorite places in New Orleans. The staff is amazing, as well as the building / atmosphere. I enjoy sitting in the courtyard at night when the weather is not too hot. 
The wine list is quite sufficient, and the food is TO DIE FOR. Best of all, the prices are ridiculously lower than you would expect. 
I highly reccoment Martinque Bistro for everyone in New OrleansI went here for their Reveillon dinner and had a fantastic meal. My girlfriend and I made sure to not order any of the same dishes, so we got to sample basically the entire Reveillon menu. It also made it easy to know which dishes were best because we would refuse to share. I enjoyed each of the ten dishes (2 each for a five course menu) that came to our table, with the exception of one mediocre spinach salad. In particular, the soups and entrees were outstanding. This was my first foray into turtle soup, and I was not disappointed. Additionally, the leek bisque had the veggie flavor with just the right touch of bisque creaminess. For the entrees, the duck confit was very moist and it was served on top of goat cheese grits. Yes, goat cheese grits. I could have eaten those all night long. We also had a rabbit and tasso tourtiere, which is basically a fancy way of saying rabbit pot pie. However, pot pie doesn't nearly do it justice, so fancy name it is.
Beyond the food, I enjoyed the atmosphere. They had a full bar, which many small restaurants sadly lack. The chef came and talked to us near the end of the meal. It wasn't just the 30 second "How was it? Hope you enjoyed it!" blowoff, but he actually talked to us about the different courses, honestly wanted our feedback, and patiently answered our questions. Admittedly, it was only possible because it was a slower night, but it was still above and beyond the call of duty. Our waiter was also very nice, and this is usually a point of contention for me. Being in my 20's, I'm used to getting ignored and mistreated by waitstaff who assume that younger patrons are either ignorant, poor tippers, or both. Here, our waiter and the chef were helpful and respectful, and that goes a long way with me.Martinique is one of those lovely neighborhood places that make you feel good about living in THAT specific neighborhood.  One of the charms of Martinique's is its size.  There's a lovely courtyard lined with vines and vegetation shielding you from the ever so hectic Magazine Street.  Then there's the inside.  The quaintness draws you in melting away the fact that you're sitting in the heart of busy Uptown.  *le sigh* 
Usually I come here for brunch.  Because it's what I've done here the most that's what I'm going to review.  Brunch was started here in NOLA.  Martinique does it above and beyond!  Certainly for brunch I keep to traditional New Orleans fare when I'm here.  I always start with a bourbon milk punch.  Always.  The slight kick from the bourbon plus a little nutmeg to add a spice, it's an adult glass of milk.  Here's where I have to decide... will it be the shrimp ooooooor the grillades??  Tough choice indeed, huh?  Yes, yes, they both come with served on top of their velvety, rich creamy goodness they call grits... the shrimp are bathing in just the right amount of well-seasoned Tasso sauce...   Then there's the grillades which are not seen in too places.  It has the nice rich, tomato sauce coating the perfectly beaten pan fried pork slices...  Of course both of these are truly traditional, classical New Orleans brunch dishes.  Either way, I win because Martinique's does them so well.  Side bar something else that draws me to these two dishes is the portion size.  They are the perfect size for me.  I don't come out feeling as if I should run home.
Outstanding, no guilt cuisine plus cocktails!!  It's a fabulous way to start your Sunday!As often happens, I couldn't really decide between 2 and 3 stars...but leaned towards 2 since our server wasn't that great (a bit slow) and the spearfish we'd come specifically for, wasn't that great...Also a bit overpriced for what it is.
The courtyard is adorable, I'd never come here since I thought it was likely somewhat dumpy, and just had no genuine desire to go here...the courtyard had a tent over it due to the flooding rains as of late (i'd assume), which actually made it cuter than normal, along with the cute lights, etc. (also i just LOVE courtyards in general)
We couldn't find a place we loved to go to dinner with my boyfriends parents, that served non new orleans/cajun-ed out fried gulf/red/drum/other cajun fish, so when they described the likely special of spearfish to be very similar to tuna, my boyfriend was set on trying this place out (as in failed to mention other options to his parents).
We came in fairly early, so there were only about 2 other tables seated in the courtyard, and were seated somewhat in the center of the courtyard (didnt bother me at the time, but not too sure why that happened in retrospect..).
Our waitress was a bit slow throughout, and the spearfish in my opinion was nothing like tuna, had a very strong grill taste (as it is grilled.. but almost overwhelmingly tasting so), with soft shell crab, and pineapple salsa and rice...i also got the crab salad, my boyfriends mom got the peche salad(? with bacon), boyfriend and stepdad both got the corn bisque soup to start...salads and soup were all ok-good.
Boyfriend and his mom got the gulf fish, which they both loved, although neither myself nor his stepdad were wild about the spearfish (which sadly we'd come for, and was ~$31 a piece).  Combined with the pretty slow waitress (she also didnt offer us ground pepper as we saw other tables get, etc). = 2 stars.
Still cute, but probably wouldnt return as there are so many cute places in nola..but it is more casual and low key than many of the other 'cute' but stuffy restaurants.Visiting for Jazz Fest, and were really quite disappointed with our experience here.  Food was very ordinary, service was frankly very weak. Ordered a bottle of wine before our appetizers were brought. Our waiter showed up after we had finished them, and told us they were out of the wine, we then ordered another and 5 minutes later brought a different bottle of wine, already opened? Really don't need to say anymore. We had 5 people in the party so they added 20% tip automatically to our bill. Maybe this waiter figured he was getting his tip no matter what?  No reason to go back to this restaurant next year given the multitude of dining options available in this town.On New Orleans rare cool evenings Martinique is the best place for a romantic dinner in the courtyard. When the weather is bad then the dinning room is lovely as well. I have never had a bad meal here stand outs include Vichyssoise and Mussels. The service is above average, attentive and knowledgeable but not hovering. This hidden gem is a wonderful choice to bring out of town visitors who want to know "where the locals go"I've been here a few times and never felt welcomed. But I still tried to give them the benefit of doubt because the food is on the good side. But this last experience just made me think, enough is enough. I went for a birthday dinner with my spouse. The moment we walked in the door, the staff's grim frowning faces just made me want to leave immediately. But since it was a birthday, I chalked it down and tried to be in a good spirit. The manager just looked downright depressed and the waiting staff just looked angry. This really dampened the mood. But then I realized that they were polite and friendly to a small number of people. I've never experienced a restaurant so overtly discriminatory. So if you aren't a regular, then they don't even bother with you? To make matters worse, even though we were at a birthday dinner, not only did the staff not acknowledge anything to us (at least some kind words would have sufficed), they were actually giving other tables free samples of food without  offering our table anything. I usually don't write negative reviews online because I run a business myself, but wow, this place really pushed me over the edge.I must've had an unusual experience based on other positive reviews, but  I'd firmly place this restaurant in the "nothing to write home about" category. And I'm highly unlikely to visit again.
Service was OK, leaning toward scripted. Items we ordered were slow to arrive, and utterly forgettable once they did, save the goat cheese appetizer. The biscuits in the dish my son ordered were so dry that he practically finished a large bottle of water to choke them down before he gave up. 
The bathroom reeks of urine. 
Icing on the cake was seeing a large cockroach on the carpet leading to the kitchen. We pointed it out to the server, who casually said "Oh.",  and moved on.
We were one of three (3!!) parties in the restaurant for Saturday lunch and the only ones remaining when we departed. That should tell you enough, right there.
I'd break it down more, but it really isn't worth it in my opinion. There's so much better to be experienced in New Orleans. Skip this one.In case you weren't aware, Martinique Bistro waives their corkage fee on Tuesday nights -- meaning you can supplement their high-priced food with the wine(s) of your choosing. This is a great idea... in theory.
But the problem is that when their servers see you come through the doors on a Tuesday night with bottles of wine in hand, they seem to automatically despise you.
Our waiter reminded me a lot of the father from the movie Juno -- except with a lot less personality. Overall, the service was curt at best, and everyone from the waiters to the food runners made it blatantly obvious that serving you was the absolute last thing they wanted to be doing at that moment.
We had to ask for bread three times, water at least five, and except for the initial pour we had to fill our own wine glasses the entire evening. Granted, the restaurant was busy, but as someone who waited tables for almost 10 years, I can tell you that it wasn't THAT busy.
Luckily the excellent food made up for the sub-par service. We did the Reveillon menu ($55 for 5 courses). Both the Poached Egg Meurette and the French Onion Gratinee were delicious. The Savory Creme Brulee was interesting, but overly rich (I'd recommend splitting it between several people). The Winter Green and Cider Poached Pear salads were creative, fresh, and tasty. The Margret de Canard (duck) was excellent and perfectly cooked, and both the Pork Tenderloin and Salmon looked great, though I didn't try either.
The Eggnog Pot de Creme was a nice, rich end to the meal, but I could have done without the Baked Alaska and its chewy peppermint ice cream.
Long story short, the food here is pretty top notch, but paying $275 (which included a 20% tip for about 5% service) to be treated like you're a complete bother to the front-of-house staff is enough to make me seriously consider never returning.
If you go, I hope you'll find the food just as delicious, and the service a little more friendly. But I won't hold my breath.This was one of my staple restaurants to take my wife ... until recently.  Their menu has completely changed, and not for the better.  We used to greatly enjoy the Cobb salad with either lobster, crab or other seafood (based on the season) and the scallops entree, which were by far the best scallops in the city.   All of these favorites have been removed and replaced with inferior items.  Such a shame!  We hate to take this out of our rotation, but it's simply not the same anymore.I'll give it two stars for the setting, no stars for the food. Wierd food combinations, and the fallen chocolate souffle should have gone in the trash instead of selling it as a flourless chocolate cake - raw and nasty - puhleeze.French Caribbean.  Great patio.  Creative and elegant but unpretentious.  Been many, many times.  Was Martha Stewart's favorite NOLA place.  Awesome Uptown spot.  Staff is amazing.
Highly recommend.
My one complaint -- they have not taken measures to kept their customers from parking on the sidewalk, making it impossible for pedestrians to pass.  Other places on that block have put posts or planters at the edge of the sidewalk to prevent this issue.After arriving in to NO and being here for the 1st time in over 15 years, I was warmly welcomed by a delicious meal and quality service in the south.  We arrived around 6:30pm my cuz, his wife and his month old newborn son.  We were sat promptly outside in their great patio, you don't realize how close you are to major street because of the tall shrubs.
The wine list was very good we had bottle of sancerre which was perfect for the evening warmth.  Our food arrived quickly, my cuz had the scallops special his wife had the gouper and I had the veal scallopini (veal and shrimp)  I would of never thought of this combo myself...it was excellent.    Martinique was a wonderful way to start my culinary explorations in NO.  When I'm back in town I will surly be back again.Understated. The best description I have for this cozy dining experience. The special appetizer was a crab meat pancake; we coupled it with the sweet potato gnocchi. Scallops seared to perfection on a bed of greens, and duck in a demi-glace or au jur sauce. Every menu item was garnished with fresh herbs and/or edible flowers, delivering culinary inspiration down to the details. Words cannot express the food, the staff, or the great atmosphere.Beautiful day- Sat on the patio, terrific drinks and great food.  Scallop Niçoise salad, lobster and steak poached eggs, and croque Madame.  I would return for a meal anytime- best kept secret!What a lovely and amazing cozy little spot!
We were wandering around deciding where to eat when Martinque Bistro was suggested. We called 10 minutes before we arrived to make our reservation and were told that was no issue at all. We showed up and were seated immediately.
Martinique feels very European to me. No, I have never been to Europe, but it seems like one of the little cafes where you would go after admiring classic art at The Louvre. Seating is very close, which may be off putting to some, but I didn't mind at all. It was so close, in fact, that if I had been so inclined I could have held hands with the older gentleman seated to my left, but then that would be just weird.
For my appetizer, I decided on the "special" which was a cold watermelon soup. I know it sounds super strange, but it was actually really good. It was a cold soup with different vegetables and spices in it and in the middle was frozen watermelon ice that made the entire thing delicious and refreshing. It was definitely different, and probably not for everyone, but I enjoyed it.
For my entree, I decided on the shrimp and lobster which was served over some kind of pasta (super technical terms here). It was light and delicious. The shrimp were nice and big and juicy. I know I am weird, but lobster doesn't really ring my bell. I don't dislike lobster, but I prefer shrimp, so that was the highlight of the meal for me.
This is a great spot for a romantic dinner. I will definitely be back!While part of me still pines for the neighborhood restaurant that was here pre-Martinique, I have to admit that comparison would be apples to oranges.
Martinique is a lovely but small french inspired spot.  I have never tried brunch here (and don't think I'm really a brunch person) so my review is strictly for dinner.
I've had delicious cocktails here and the seasonal menus are lovely.  I've had excellent fish, vegetarian dishes and desserts.  I honestly can't remember a plate that I didn't enjoy.  
My only complaints are that the dining room is a bit tight and if you end up at a table in the middle of the room it's a bit hustley.  And if you're near the bar, you can feel the waitstaff frenzy on occasion...which just makes me antsy I must admit.  The garden space is lovely when weather permits.
As for the previous restaurant in this location:
RIP Mais Ouis...know that I still long for your crawfish ettouffe, and your cornbread, and your chocolate pudding.  OK I'm done now.unlike its southern "sister" restaurant  this place was noting special.
duck confit ok, 
Gnocchi ok
duck breast was good
shrimp entree was good
souffle cake was a pass
drinks ok
also worth mentioning that open table did not earn points for this reservation.This was my favorite neighborhood place-until I got sick there TWICE-and that was just the icing on the cake. 
We had dinner there one night, ordered too much food, so I was going to take mine home. Instead of packing it up (a full meal--I didn't touch it) they tossed it. When we pointed out the mistake, they offered to replace the meal, but they were out of everything but one chicken leg! Never offered to add something else to the takeout dish,just threw in the one little leg and charged us full price. The manager was not very attentive (and we had easily amassed a $300 bill with wine and all the food we ordered, on an otherwise quiet night) or gracious about the mix-up. We put all of these details on the "customer response"  card they gave us to fill out and never heard from them. We will never go back, or send friends there -something we often did with great enthusiasm.I went to Martinique for dinner with my family last night, and I have to say it was truly disappointing. I don't think there was a touch of salt on any one of the dishes I tasted and the service was incredibly slow. When we ordered drinks it took a full 20 minutes for three cocktails and two glasses of wine to hit the table. Also my Manhattan had been shaken, which is just blatantly improper technique and a major pet peeve of mine. During this 20 minutes, our server should have come to our table and spoken to us, perhaps told us the specials or asked us if we had any questions, but there was no word from anyone. The restaurant was not very crowded, either, so I have no idea what the hold-up was. The food took an extremely long time between each course, and none of it was anything memorable or even particularly tasty. I was also quite surprised to see the price points at this restaurant. I thought it was more of a neighborhood type of spot, but the prices were way too high for that. I could name off the top of my head about 50 different restaurants in this price range in New Orleans that have better food and service than Martinique. I strongly discourage anyone from eating here. It's really a shame, because the patio could be an absolutely lovely place to dine.Absolute best fish dish, in my life. 
Its been a few months since I went but I can't get it out of my head. I went with friends and family one night, sat outside in the beautiful courtyard and ordered the Ruby Red Trout special. I was amazed. Everyone's entrees were delicious but I could not get over mine. The bread served was great French bread too. I could eat that five days in a row. 
I highly recommend this place.I would give this place 2 starts if it were not for how pretty the courtyard is 
The food was okay-very boring, verging on flavorless, and overpriced. 
But the courtyard is wonderful, great place for a date if you are willing to pay way too much for okay food. 
(my dad hated this place-I just found it grossly overpriced)This is my second time at the bistro for dinner. The first time I absolutely loved it, and the most recent time was extremely disappointing. Our waiter was not very knowledgeable, and the bartender was just awful. She didn't know how to make one of the drinks we ordered and the other drink was incredibly watered down. The food was just ok, but 2 out of the 4 entrees were extremely over salted and unevenly salted. Part of the plate had none and part had tons of salt. But, the most disappointing thing about this place is that they served our red wine to us freezing cold. We ordered a great burgundy that we have had before and are quite fond of. Unfortunately, the wine never warmed up to a drinkable temperature and all of the flavors of the wine were hidden by the chill. Overall this is a good restaurant, but not for the price. If you are looking to get quality food that matches the price of the entrees uptown, I would go to elsewhere.I've never had a bad meal here. I actually had the BEST gnocchi of my life here! It was a lemon-herb gnocchi dish that I had for brunch one day.
Since I've been here so many times, it's hard for me to remember what was especially good (except, ya know, everything). The service is always impeccable and sitting out on the beautiful patio is so nice. I love going here for brunch - it's always so relaxing.
The one dish that I was crazy about was an escargot-mushroom dish. It was good, but probably my least favorite dish I've ever had there. Would still order it again. They change their menu very often, so I love going back every few months to try again!We happened to come upon Martinique Bistro on a beautiful Tuesday evening with wine in tow. Much to our delight, we were pleased to find that they don't have a corkage fee on Tuesdays! 
We sat outside on the patio which filled up pretty quickly with locals after our arrival. It was very nice. We shared a nicoise salad which was really wonderful. I had the duck breast and duck confit and my brother had the drum fish which was also wonderfully prepared. 
We were too full for dessert, but I will surely be back for more at Martinique.I came away from dinner at Martinique with two very important words: COBB SALAD. 
I know you're thinking: "who goes to a nice dinner and orders a cobb salad?" but this isn't your standard cubed-meats-and-blue-cheese-dressing-from-a-squeez e-packet cobb salad.
Similar to Willy Wonka's amazing gobstopper, Martinique's version is a condensed cylinder of cobb salad flavors, PLUS a layer of fresh crab. Each bite titillates the palate with crunchy bacon, cooling crab, tangy blue cheese, and bitter greens. It's magic, Wonka style.
My only complaint, and it's a very minor complaint, is that the dishes seem pretty low quality and my plate had a huge chip in it. I'm not one to bitch about this, but it kind of bugs me when a place that charges upper 20's for entrees uses cheap dinnerware. Also, there were security type cameras in every corner, which I found kind of odd. The waitress said they were so the owner can watch from his home in Houma. Creepy......This is one of my favorite restaurants ever.  Pre-Katrina and post-Katrina, it has always surpassed my expectations.  I have never had a meal that wasn't entirely delicious, and I absolutely love the ambience.  It's small and pretty and quaint.  The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  It's the sort of place where they always seem to remember you.
When I'm in town visiting my dad, the question "where do you want to eat?" is inevitably answered "Martinique."  There are certainly fancier and more hip places to dine in the city, but I think you are bound to be happy with your choice should you end up here.Martinique Bistro is a beautiful place for outdoor dining.  There food is delicious too.  I had the sweet potato bisque and seared sea scallop niciose saladGreat Brunch!
PAN SEARED HANGAR STEAK $18
duckfat roasted potatoes, poached eggs, béarnaise & demi-glace
FRENCH TOAST & DUCK CONFIT $16
hazelnut- honey butter, macerated peaches
Trio of sorbet and trio of ice cream, all interesting and yummy.
Split it with a friend, paired it with a Gingered Pimms cocktail. 
Quiet, not crowded, great service (thank you Trevor and others), great food. 
Really terrific brunch.The only reason I know about this place is because my sister's employee's buddy is the chef, so full disclosure up front. We don't live anywhere near NOLA, but get here whenever we can. 
Martinique Bistro is located Uptown in a small building. The decor is elegant yet casual. Lots of glass and mirrors and indirect lighting. But it's small and cozy. The bar makes a mean Sazarac. The bread on the table is rustic and delicious. 
The wine recommendation was spot-on. The service was attentive without being obsequious. The food was consistently excellent. This place is like eating with dear friends in their dining room. Especially if your friends know how to cook!Cute little neighborhood place on Magazine, the drinks are good and the wine list is nice but overpriced (and how could you have a bunch of ports and sweet red wines but not any sweet white wines to go with dessert?).  Even though I understand that most New Years Eve prix fixe dinners are intended to be overpriced and largely a way for restaurants to increase their profits I do have to say that the menu at Martinique Bistro sounded good on paper for the $75 per person cost.  In reality the food was average on some dishes and good on some but every dish was lacking the "wow" factor that I want and expect at a top restaurant.  In particular, the desserts really seemed phoned in but even the bread was not great and the butter lacked salt so you had to add your own (in my opinion bread tells a lot about how much the restaurant cares) - overall the New Years Eve menu which cost $275 with drinks, tax, & tip completely failed to live up to expectations.
I will probably give Martinique Bistro another try at some point, but there are too many good restaurants in NOLA to spend time eating overpriced, fairly average food.  Maybe Tuesday nights are the way to go for free corkage and then I could at least have good aged wine out of my cellar to go along with pretty good food and not break the bank...I think the food is very expensive for what you get..especially when that something is a hair that I had to extrude from my mouth. The waitress seemed mortified by unable to really deal with it..barely apologetic..somebody that I think is the manager or owner came over and apologized but didn't really say sorry very well either. The item was removed from my bill and I was so disgusted that I didn't get another entree. I wasn't offered a refill of my beer or a free dessert..it was kind of odd. I saw the chef and that didn't help my appetite much..huge beard. The food that I had eaten..duck..wasn't very good..sort of watery sweetness..I tasted the lamb from a companions plate and we all tried to decide if it was indeed lamb..almost tasteless. Everything was very 90's food..lots of square plates and anal arrangements. not impressed. very expensive and disappointing.I think this would've been a three if dessert had not been just UTTERLY amazing.  
Great little patio - especially now that the evenings are cool, but the service is not the speediest so be prepared to chill outside for a while.  Everyone walked away super happy with how their entrees tasted, but it was slightly overpriced in my mind.  
We got there early to ask if we could get a dessert with a candle for my friend's birthday.  So they forget and I had to do the obvious "go up and talk to the waitress thing."  However....the dessert....(when it finally came).....AH-MAZING!  Chocolate cake with mint ice cream....mint that was taking from the patio herb garden that day!  Also creme brulle was perfection!This is our 2nd time here since 3 years ago.  We decided on Martinique for my birthday dinner bc we had such an amazing experience before.  Last night's dinner?? not so much.  I remembered the escargot being amazing! as well as the steamed mussels..maybe their menu changed as well bc the presentation looked different.
Last night we started off with the Escargots and Steamed Mussels.  The Escargot was unfortunately very salty.  The mussels were good.  No complaints there.  Dinner my husband and I shared the Duck & Pork Belly...wayyyy overdone..very dry.  I do not recommend this dish.  For dessert, we tried something different ..the rice bread pudding...I did not like this at all.  It was like fruit cake.
Overall food probably will be a 2 star...The service probably almost 4 stars.  They gave us the breadpudding on the house since it was my birthday..which was very sweet of them.  But I just had to give them overall 3 stars because we were not wowed by the food.
Unfortunately..we probably won't come back.  The experience 3 years ago was nice but last nights..not so much.Came here for a friend's birthday and sat inside because you never know what kind of weather you get in NOLA....but I noticed they have a romantic courtyard dining area! It seems the perfect place for a great date. Must find parking on your own though!
As for the food....I can't remember anything about it to write about. We ordered several appetizers, they weren't gross but they aren't the greatest. We had a really yummy bottle of Riesling though!A sophisticated menu, and a wonderful patio.  When they execute well, I'd say it's in the upper crust of New Orleans restaurants, which is a distinction in and of itself.
We had the shrimp cake with horseradish creme fraiche , which was a stand-out dish. Well-thought out, and perfectly executed.  My date had the grouper, which was nice, but the fish was a tad salty, and the lobster claw was rubbery and tough.  I had the Hawaiian sea bass, which was cooked perfectly, and complemented by a satsuma buerre blanc, which was somehow both delicate and rich.  
One other gripe:  It was about 45 degrees outside, and the staff kept leaving the door open, which left an uncomfortable cold breeze streaming across our table multiple times.  I got up to close the door about  3 times before someone seemed to get the hint and left the door closed.  
All in all, I would recommmend Martinique, but not without a few qualifications.The restaurant is an American version of a a French food. 
I'd NOT recommend it and I'd NOT go back there. 
There're plenty restaurants in New Orleans, LA. I'm sure I can find something better.
Unfortunately for the Bistro, we were "spoiled" by "Patios" food & service last night (http://www.yelp.com/biz/restaurant-patois-new-orleans#hrid:tiQQqJ5ymf_XWzyF9ywArw) and several years ago I had a dining experience in Paris, France...
Food was good (in American way) and poor (in French one). The best were the bread and a tiny dollop of mild-sweet Asian Pear Chutney served with "duck" sausage (I'd never guess it was a duck). 
Mussels (that everybody on Yelp is so fascinated with) were ok and tender but not in the sauce they are supposed to be prepared. In order to enjoy your mussels the sauce should be like a liquid fondue, it should stick to a seafood. I had a very liquid version of an onion soup with two rosemary woody greens and a tablespoon of shaved cheese pieces. 
The biggest disappointment was the dessert. A so-called "goat cheesecake with hazelnuts" was a lumpy soft (no taste of goats here) substance in a ramekin, no crust (why to bother?! when it is already a bad dessert), previously frozen (including two tiny blackberries on top) and heated to be served. So-called hazelnuts were any other nuts but hazels, raw and crushed very fine but enough to make me brush my teeth twice in order to get rid of them. 
Service? Just like food - anOK-level. Well, when you have ten waiters and two customers inside you should be more attentive.
So, when in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and go to any other place to dine...A low-lit restaurant with a vaguely European ambiance. My date had the special - filet mignon en croute. It was one of the best dishes both of us had ever tasted. I had the sea-scallops with new potatoes - and that was a disappointment. The scallops were rubbery and the rest of the dish was just bland. The fallen souffle cake was delicious but the portion size was skimpy and the presentation was lackluster. I sort of felt like they just plopped down the last piece and didn't really care if we liked it or not. The wine list was overpriced and underwhelming. But I will say - for the strength of the filet mignon en croute alone - this restaurant gets three stars from me.Located in the garden district amidst a number of eateries and shops, Martinique was a charming restaurant with a small indoor seating area and a beautiful garden with patio seating.
I started with wild mushroom beignets which reminded me of hush puppies. They were accompanied by oyster mushrooms, which were really good. I opted for one of my favorites for dinner- duck. Martinique prepared a sweet tea brined duck with corn boudin. The duck was glazed nicely with just enough sweetness and it was cooked perfectly. The boudin on the other hand had a strange texture and little flavor. I finished with the chocolate cake and Guinness ice cream. 
The food proved to be a hit overall (probably 3.5-4 stars) but the freezing temperature inside, the dirty ice in my water and the poor attempt at making a glass of sweet tea made me drop a star.