This place is awesome. Finally, a place to eat thats healthy, delicious, and affordable. The salads are great. Highly recommend the cranberry stuffing.Stopped in for dinner tonight. Wife had Sparta bowl and I had la Bonita bowl. I also had carrot tumeric ginger soup. All were excellent. There is a strong health focus on the menu which is a bit over my head but it's all supposed to be good for you to hence the name of the place. Enjoyable low key atmosphere. Only down side is that right now they close at 6:00 pm which seems very odd. We happened in about five till and thought we were just the early dinner folks. Hope they revisit the hours. But will be back regardless.This is my new favorite lunch spot. They have managed to perfect the salad!! Super filling and healthy. So happy to have them in the neighborhood.I you want to know what health and delicious taste like, try Max Well. Fantastic food. Great service. This is the way to eat tasty and clean. 
The clean eating movement (is it a movement?) simply says that you get the best, most nutrient-rich diet from fresh, local foods and from plat-based protein.  That's really it.  
The bowls at Maxwell are amazing. They're filling and creative.  They're like a mega hearty salad, with lots of good protein.  I choose the Po'Bowl because they don't tell you what's in it and I'm adventurous that way.  But fear not, they use stuff that's elsewhere on the current menu.  I plan to try every one of them. 
I was not blown away by the hummus, but that's because my own homemade is so good.  MaxWell could learn from the Israelis and smooth it out a lot more. But the seed & nut crackers were totally amazing.  
So try Maxwell.  Get it for lunch, and you'll feel both and refreshed afterward - not sluggish.  Eat this way all the time and you'll have more energy and better health.Really nice vibe here. Super chill and comfortable. A HUGE improvement over the prior place. If you like healthy, delicious food and really friendly staff this is a place you'll relish and return to often.Great salad bowls, great concept, foods tastes very fresh. Portions are large also. La Bonita Bowl is a most.OMG! Stuffed avocado, miso glazed eggplant scallops and the grateful greens salad.
Everything was fresh and tasty and the dishes are also designed to be healthy. Not your typical vegan comfort food that is so popular these days. We need more like this: delicious health conscious food!!!Finally, a plant based restaurant that taste super without trying too hard.  Max Well is in the Audubon area, on Magazine Street.  Great, simple interior with amazing bowls and salads.  I had the California salad, simple greens with red peppers, cukes, avocado, carrots and a flavorful miso dressing--the unexpected Asian fusion was a wonderful touch.  I actually got a chance to taste hubby's NOLA bowl:  red beans, brown rice, sweet potatoes, Cajun slaw and other goodness topped with a millet muffin--those flavors work so well together.
He also had the fresh squeezed orange juice (no pulp, yay!)--smooth, refreshing, delicious. A bit pricey at $5 for an 8/10 ounce but worth it. 
Everything is fresh and they source some products from Whole Foods.  On top of that, nothing goes to waste--the OJ pulp is used in the miso dressing; and they compost other food items that they can't use.  Max Well is good for the planet and good for stomachs!  
I wish I could eat here everyday to fulfill my plant based diet (PBD) dreams.  It's really that good.  If you're wanting to give PBD a try, this is an awesome place that will make you want to never eat meat again.  So glad to have this PBD joint on the NOLA scene!What a beautiful setting. The food is amazing and fresh ....the protein sources are incredible,  everything there is handmade they had absolutely the best granola I've ever eaten in my life.I can't say enough good things. Clean, simple, and delicious. 
Max is so humble, as is his chef (I need to learn her name!). Thank you for creating beautiful meals that make me feel good about myself and what I am nourishing by body with. 
This Sicilian actually prefers the lentil bolognese in the sweet potato lasagna to its carnivorous counterpart. 
Their Ubereats orders are always beautifully presented and well packaged.I really love this place. It is very reasonably priced to where I can come here on a regular basis. It is plant-based and organic, and honestly the cleanest food I have eaten in New Orleans. I have to prioritize eating food that gives me energy instead of making me feel sluggish, and this place is an absolute gem. The turmeric dressing is one of the most amazing dressings I have ever eaten!! Do yourself a favor and come in for a lovely meal that will make you feel amazing!!Was closed the first time I tired (not open Sundays) and when I went back in for a cold pressed juice I was told that the juices were batch made and only one kind was being offered. I really wanted a juice made to order, but apparently they juice in bulk and store in plastic bottles in the cooler. I ate the turmeric and ginger soup instead - tasted "healthy" (and I'm sure it was), but nothing special. Appreciate the idea and business model- would love more organic and plant-based options in the city. Would also love a fresh green juice.Amazing love they have really good food especially the cashew cheese when it is cookedI had lunch at Max Well on Magazine today. The Banh Mi bowl was nice, the tofu was marinated and seasoned very well. Maybe the best tofu I've ever had. The brown rice that was a part of the bowl was very tasty, it had a nice nutty toasted flavor. I wasn't a fan of the lentils and kale that were apart of the bowl because they were a tad hard and difficult to eat. The pickled veggies were nice but there could have been more to give that bright acid component you experience with a Banh Mi. The sriracha dressing it came with was nice but muted the bright pickled flavors. All in all I did enjoy the food there. The carrot soup tasted fresh and tasted like I took a bite out of a delicious fresh veggie. The entrees that are served  for dinner look amazing. I'll be back for the miso eggplant and the stuff plantain dishes. 
I love the fact that I can easily find gluten free and low carb food here to eat.I had the lasagne and it was so delicious! The ambience is nice, parking was easy, and our server was very nice. We had the dip to start, and they gave nice portions - the seed crackers and dips were yummy. I would recommend!By far the best vegan food I've had in New Orleans! Great portions, great flavor, great prices!Stopped by for a hot soup hydration and good juices for a terrible cold and flu. The soup was amazing and the menu plentiful with amazing healthy options! Impressive and I'll return soon!This place is a gem. My husband and I spent several months in New Orleans, and we dined there frequently during that time. Everything we tried was delicious. The entrees were creative, not in a "let's be novel for the sake of novelty" way but in "this dish we imagined ought to exist because it is exquisite" sort of way. As other reviewers have noted, it is rare for vegans to be unable to choose an item from a menu, because most menus have few if any options for vegans, but Max Well is a vegan's heaven. And not only vegan's -- a non-vegan friend we brought there for dinner thoroughly enjoyed his dish. If we could make any changes, it would be to the decor, which is nice but can be improved. But that is just an aside. We wish the restaurant would move to Denver, where we live.Thanks a great find while logging some miles on our bikes. Great vegan items. The crab cake appetizer were awesome and we really enjoyed the bowls and two green smoothies.The 5th seed crackers are the best crackers I've ever had. They have an interesting (and good) drink with jalapeño and pineapple. Salad was great (the one with humus) and the cranberry stuffing was great. The raw browinie bites were soooo delicious! Jake was friendly when bringing the food, great customer service. Will definitely be back!After several days of eating out and drinking more than usual, this was just what I needed to detox: a guilt-free, delicious lunch. I ordered the NOLA bowl and my fiancé ordered the Banh Mi bowl. Both were delicious and filling.Absolutely love Max Well New Orleans. I've been vegan for 4 years and it's so pleasant to have a restaurant in the city that is constantly pushing the envelope for delicious vegan foods. Plant based doesn't mean rabbit food and Max Well does a great job creating filling, nutrient dense, high quality foods. So good! Highly recommendI'd like to give it another try and get a bowl. But $11 for a bland salad, no protein, but w tax and tip, is not worth it. I was hungry by the time I got home. Seems to be worth the extra $1.50 to add a protein or to get a bowl.Yay for healthy vegan options in NOLA!  The NOLA bowl was quite tasty: red beans, brown rice, sweet potato served over big pile of salad greens.  I wasn't impressed with the romaine stalks in the mix, but rest of the greens seemed to be nutritious leafy greens.  My main disappointment was the packaging here.  I'm personally striving to generate less waste and avoid plastic, so I ordered 'for here' but unfortunately was served to go paper box with plastic cup of dressing:( The employee who took my order apologized.  
Also I would have ordered fresh juice but there was no option for fresh pressed in reusable container, they only serve it prepackaged in plastic.  I mentioned this to staff, so hopefully they will offer zero waste or greener containers in future.  
They had several flyers with pro veggie propaganda that I read while dining.  I really appreciate that Max Well seems to be on mission to educate folks about the benefits of plant based diet, and I hope they inspire more people to eat this way for their health and the health of all beings that share this planet.  Thank you Max WellI had the NOLA Bowl at Max Well this week and loved it. 
I was looking for something healthy, filling, and delicious, and this absolutely fit the bill on all fronts.  All components of the bowl were tasty, fresh, and the ingredients seemed to be of a really good quality.  My favorite part of the bowl was this little nugget that I fell in love with - the jalapeño millet muffin. It was sweet, hot, and perfectly sized.
I was a little concerned about parking, but I found a spot on the nearest side street and enjoyed the few steps I walked to the door.
And the service was fantastic.  As this was my first visit, I had no idea what to order, but the nice lady who helped me was happy to answer my questions.  
*There's a great Yelp checkin offer too.If you are vegan and in New Orleans, make time to run out Magazine Street to Max Well. A fun, breezy atmosphere and great dishes. I had the sweet potato lasagna and it was amazing. There was an assortment of sweets as well. I love a menu all vegan. Choices!! A must visit.I'm not a vegan, but you don't need to be to enjoy the heck out of the Max Well menu. Whether you want to go meat free, have a meal chock full of healthy goods or just have a delicious bite, Max Well is for all.  My personal favorite is the savory sweet potato lasagna.  Who knew cashew cream could be so good and thin slices of sweet potato with ground nuts between, I certainly wasn't missing anything. It comes with an action packed salad too.  Enough for two meals!
They have a great selection of fresh squeezed juices, bowls of goodness and an amazing avocado remoulade thingy that I crave.  It's filling without draining you of energy.  Highly recommend stopping in!!Went to the soft opening tonight before it opens to the public. Completely in awe! Everything that came out of the kitchen was unexpected and delicious. If this is just the sneak peek, I can't wait to see what's in store!I love that this place has made room for Papa Ted's. We enjoy them even more for that reason. Their space has such a chill vibe. I love natural light so the floor to ceiling windows are perfect. It is also cool that they repurposed old floppy disks for coasters. Am I that old?Came here on a Tuesday afternoon so it was nice and quiet in the area. We ordered the Nola bowl and the bahn mi bowl. The Nola bowl was quite Nola, with the corn bread and red beans. The rice was nicely spiced and flavored. I was somewhat disappointed by the greens to other food ratio. I was hoping that there would be more of the sweet potato or corn bread, but they were kind of just sitting on top of a large mountain of greens. The sauce was a bit too tangy for me, and was overwhelming near the end of my meal when the majority of food was gone. The bahn mi bowl was great (although I'm not sure why they named it the bahn mi bowl, as none of the ingredients were typical ingredients you would find in bahn mi...?). The avocado with almonds and beets were a great combination and the sauce just topped it off! Would definitely recommend the bahn mi bowl.I absolutely LOVE Max Well!!! Mardi Gras food got me all heavy feeling, so naturally, I was craving a big salad Max Well delivered with a HUGE and hearty Hippie Salad that totally hit the spot!! The miso dressing was amazing and I got plenty of it to cover my whole bowl. My cousin got a salad too and he loved it! They have pressed juices, all kinds of kombucha and even CBD water (?!)... definitely gotta try that! Take a look at my pics but needless to say, I loved my bowl and ate every last bite! Ingredients were fresh and all their flavor combos are great! I can't wait to go back and try the French green lentils and a power bowl! They've got lots of cute indoor seating, friendly staff, fast service, healthy food. 6 stars if I could!Interesting concept, definitely enjoyed trying some new vegan dishes. The food was not the same vegan menu that you can get anywhere, so for that kudos.
But... here's where it went wrong.
The employee at counter you order at had basically zero knowledge of the menu, I mean didn't know what was in anything or what it actually was. So not much help deciding.
Whatever they were cooking in the kitchen had a strong smell it  was not bad but pretty strong, and then they must've fried something and the subtle smoke started to make my eyes water. It was pretty odd? Possibly because it was such a small space.
The portions were extremely small, and very high in 
price... which I could accept if there wasn't so much going wrong.
The tortellini was good but lukewarm/ room temp, definitely not cool.
I saved the biggest issue for last:
I watched an employee come from the kitchen and as he opened the door to walk out, put a mask on. why were you not wearing a mask while preparing food?
Another employee (if I had to guess I think this one was in charge of the kitchen/ line cook staff) walked around to and from the kitchen and register area several times wearing his mask very loose and under his nose. If I had seen these behaviors prior to eating I would I've just left. 
I also watched 2 employees get lunch delivered from 2 other venues while I was there, only they never came out to eat, I'm assuming they sat down and ate in that small kitchen without masks while they prepare other customers food.
This is unacceptable.Ordered via Uber eats. Wanted an eat in option that was healthy and delicious, did not disappoint!This was the most AMAZING find for vegan food. When I say AMAZING I truly mean it. As a vegan FOODIE, I am always looking for flavors and texture that make my palate sing. It SANG THROUGHOUT dinner last night. I started with collards and cornbread l, yum. Then I had the Tofu Cassoulet, which was UNBELIEVABLE!!! How they got tofu to taste like fried chicken (I think. I've been vegetarian for 30-years), is beyond my understanding. I ended the night with the MUST HAVE Bourbon Bread Pudding!! Do yourself a flavor and a favor and get there as soon as you can. You will not be disappointedDelicious vegan food. Always excited to see what specials they are offering. So so grateful for this healthy Nola gemPLEASE SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS!!! I dine here regularly for lunch and dinner and the food is excellent every time. A great vegan option that's fresh, organic, tastes great, and filling. For anyone questioning plant based meats/gluten free options, please take the plunge...they taste great! Do your body and overall health a favor and eat here!Before trying Max Well, I doubted that a vegan dish could hold offer any flavor or depth (especially in a meat/fish/dairy loving city like New Orleans). The NOLA bowl proved me wrong. The juices and smoothies are good, but the price point feels a bit high to make them a regular item for me.Excellent. So darned great. 
We stopped here for a late lunch on our way back from the zoo and got to try the new menu on for size. Love the vibe, the gentleman behind the counter was super friendly and helpful, and the menu is so much fun it was difficult to settle on what to order. 
Ultimately our party of three decided to order the Chicken Fried Cassoulet, Collards and Cornbread, Gyoza dumplings, Butternut Squash Gumbo, and Crab Cakes. The cream cakes and cassoulet were both extraordinary, and the cornbread, dumplings, and gumbo were all great. The collards were *quite* salty, but even they had some great flavors. Altogether a terrific experience and I would 100% love to return to try out the jalapeno poppers and ravioli.First time at Max Well's.  Went with a vegetarian friend and it was excellent.  I loved to beet/apple, etc juice.  This is a great option for New Orleans and close to home for me.  Thanks.  I'll be back to try the lasagna!Depending on what you get and who is working - stick to their base menu (the bowls/soups/salads) the wannabe meat dishes don't answer and are overpriced for what they are. Who is working matters - one older guy is fantastic (didn't remember his name ) but the tatted up punk dude no thank you - didn't provide any service and expects a 20% tip - F that - plus he messes up the smoothie - doesn't make enough and gets it wrongI've been waiting for this joint to open and it's everything I had hoped for !! They had not one but TWO vegetarian soups of the day- I got the curry broccoli and kale soup, which was packed with greens and had the perfect kick. Their menu is filled with protein rich healthy vegan options; I would have tried everything if I could! Quick and friendly service during lunch hour. I'll be back for lunch on the regular.Ordered dinner from here tonight and it was fantastic! I called after placing my Uber eats order for pickup to find out if they did curbside pickup given the current COVID-19 situation. While on the phone, they apologized as they were out of something (was the end of the night) and wanted to discuss what I'd like to replace it with. Super friendly service, really great food! 
Be sure to have the stuffed avocado, you will not regret it!  We also had the La Bonita Bowl, Nola Bowl, and Curried cauliflower and broccoli soup...yum!Food was very good and salad was fresh! I was even able to speak to Chef Maya. The peach cobbler was delicious and vegan!This place is wonderful! Delicious food, friendly staff, and inviting atmosphere. Alex (the head chef) is a GENIUS and max (the owner) is welcoming and helpful! If you are looking for a fresh plant-based meal, go here right away! You will NOT be disappointed at Max Well New Orleans!Really tasty salad bowls. There should be more places like this serving whole foods that don't make you feel terrible after eating. Very attractive food presentation as well.I hopped into Max Well the other day & had a really decent experience.  I orders the California Salad with Red Pepper Hummus & the Kale Smoothie.  Everything was very good; although expensive, you get the quality you pay for.  I absolutely love the ambience (cool music, floppy disks for coasters, etc.).  Staff was nice, but service was really slow & neglectful.What I wanted was something healthy and fresh as I'd eaten a lot of less healthy things lately and didn't want to buy vegetables at the grocery store before I traveled. I realized that I hadn't tried this Garden District salad bowl place yet. Turns out, it was what I needed.
Their menu is entirely plant-based and offers various salads with protein options on top. What I tried was a Mexican-ish bowl with both whole and refried beans. The latter were tastier, but smaller in portion compared to the whole beans. The message is clear I think: this is health food. And if you want the satisfying crunch of fresh lettuce and the wholesome goodness of legumes with spices, you'll be happy. If you want something fried with powdered sugar on top, you're in the wrong spot (albeit the right city).
These sorts of places are never cheap; not being a juicer I can't get my head around the economics of $7 juices, but the bowl I got was worth it. They're not open terribly late (the main reason I hadn't tried them until now actually), but if you want lunch or an early dinner within walking distance of the park, this is a nice option.Crazy delicious - super nice team!  Thoroughly enjoyed everything - strongly recommend kale beet salad, blueberry pecan and raw chocolate snacks!The 3 stars are for the service and helpfulness of the counter staff.  Also the presentation of the food was beautiful. I ordered the lasagna entree and the portobello steak- $17 each. My friend ordered one of the grain bowls. 
My bar for the food wad pretty high as I frequented Max Well's often before the new menu. I was a huge fan of the sweet potato lasagna- RID ( rest in deliciousness) that was on the previous menu. 
The new lasagna was beautiful yet extremely bland. The portobello steak had great texture but the red wine sauce gave it and the supposedly "smoked" greens a bitter taste. It also came with sweet potatoes but I was hesitant to try it because everything else lacked flavor. 
My lunch mate was not happy with her entree either and said the jackfruit in her dish was also bitter. 
I was fairly disappointed with the food overall. I don't want to count them out so maybe I will try them again someday. I think the price point is fair. I don't mind paying a higher price for quality but  this food was not worth it. 
Btw - I see some people got a  side salad with their lasagna- I didn't and we dined in.These folks do protein bowls and smoothies very well. Almost everything is gluten free and vegan. But also delicious.This ain't your grandmas vegan resto.  This spot was classy, fresh, lively, and the dishes are seriously, hands down, works for culinary art.  I had the pleasure of testing many of the dishes in small portions.  To me, this spot is going to a spot i'll visit more often.  The stuffed avocado was fresh and the cashew remoulade made the app a savory delight.  For a next level of hungry, chow down on the bahn mi bowl.  This bowl had so many textures and subtle flavors, it blended so well.  I think it's a staple of this restaurant.  But hold the horses!  something magical appeared soon after and it was a lasagna made with sweet potatoes.  It's so good, I think grandma would approve.  
Check this spot out.  Max was a pretty cool dude and definitely wash down or cleanse your palette with some fresh juice!  do it!It was close to a job site so I chose this restaurant without knowing it was a Vegan place, but decided to try it. I was able to find something that sounded good and I enjoyed the food. I wish I would have read about it before choosing it, not opposed to vegetables, but not a Vegan by any standards for sure. All and all good food.WTH?! I think the pictures say it all. My wife and I have changed how we eat and we are much more conscious about what we put into our bodies. We had left my parents house to check out the new Starbucks down the street, and decided to stop here. I had heard great things, so we were excited. Boy, were we disappointed. 
The portion size of my sweet potato lasagne entree was so small that it exceeded my level of pisstivity. It was so small that I had to find the nearest thing to me to show its scale; that thing was my credit card. It came with a measly side salad. At $17, I was p****d! Yes, it was tasty, but that was highway robbery. I also purchased some chocolate chip granola, which was tasty too. It was lightly sweetened and crispy. 
We won't be back, though.Came here for some take home dinner. Their salads weren't available during dinner hours but we got a bowl instead (NOLA Bowl and Spartan Bowl) both were amazing. I'm not vegan or vegetarian but I like trying all foods and this was pretty amazing for a vegan option.I came here from Atlanta today. Before I settled in I had to get something to eat because I was hungry. We went to Max-well. What an experience it was. The atmosphere was nice and relaxing. I saw a woman over in the corner on her computer. The desert looking so great. My husband ordered the Nola bowl and I ordered the Ba Mi bowl. The salad that came with the Nola bowl came out first. This salad was so fresh and the dressing was perfect. I got a glass of water that was sitting on the front counter prepared for the customers with lemon in it. I was amazed at how fresh the salad with peas in it. Everything was organic. You can just taste the difference. We enjoyed the food so much that I had to order a side of organic turnip greens. So delicious. I am a person who complains about bad service. This service and fresh food experience was so great. I have to tell everyone. The small brownie dessert was so delightful. I had enough food to take home and eat again. I will definitely return to this great experience.If you're looking for delicious vegan food, this place has it! We ordered the truffle fries, Banh Mi bowl and for dessert the cococreme brûlée, which is honestly the most amazing vegan dessert I've ever had!I had the lasagna! It was really good, but for the price the serving size should have been a little larger. I honestly felt "jipped" I would most definitely come more often if they would give more or decreased the price.Max Well is a place I would revisit but we felt the portion sizes compared to the price required us to reduce our rating. Overall the food was tasty, I ordered the heirloom carrots and they hadn't been cooked long enough, they were incredibly tough and the knife was designed to be dull and simply couldn't cut through the carrots! We did enjoy the steak & potatoes and the cobbler dessert.First time here for dinner, along with my 5 year old. The service was excellent and they accommodated my daughters request simply for beans and rice. She loved it so much she asked for seconds. The soup was fabulous! We had tomato basil and a second bowl of ginger turmeric. Both were light and fluffy. The food was clean and delicious, will definitely return!WOW. Just had the stuffed avocado and it is my new food obsession. Half an avocado stuffed with a cashew chickpea remoulade. Throw in a little dill and various other spices and serve it over a bed of spinach and bingo you have a good obsession. Also tried the hummus with seeded bread/cracker. Crazy good. 
They had floppy discs as coaster. Made me smile. Interior was comfortable and inviting.  The gentleman at the counter was very helpful with selections and with carb/calories count and nutritional values. 
A little pricey but will gladly pay a little extra for fresh healthy food. 
Will definitely go back.Cute little cafe with a cool vibe! I had the banh mi bowl which was fresh, delicious, nutritious and filling. This is perfect to start the day or a post workout healthy meal.Highly highly recommend this place, the salads were so tasty especially with those unique dressings, i just wanted more of the dressing, was not enough.I wanted to go here for a long time, but it was unfortunate to see the super limited menu. Massive bowls of salad. I like salad but I wish there was just *something* else. I'm aware there are more items being added back to their menu and I'd love to give it another try then. With the awful roads and limited parking in the area, was hoping the food would make it worth the trouble. Hoping to see some of their older menu items come backFood was quite bland. I came here when it first opened and have come back a few times, it's lost consistency. The curry soup was super vinegar-y and the sweet potato soup did not have the listed toppings, so ended up being like a bowl of baby food. Overall, my friend and I did not like our food but def would come back if it improved because I love local establishments!Everything was amazing.  
I had the stuffed avocado and the birria beet tacos
Soo good . Very flavorful!
The dessert was bomb! The sweet potato creme Brule . Definitely coming back.I love Max and Alex! Thanks Chefs for this awesome food! Vegan food is hard to find and sometimes not very good but they have made something amazing happen which is beautiful and delicious!
Much love and luck to y'all!