Salt, salt, salt!  In a city that puts out some really amazing food (NOLA, Coquette, Cochon, Atchafalaya, etc), we ran across a few duds who substituted salt for flavor.  i had a pasta with meatballs.  The meatballs were very good - seasoned well with a bit of spice that you'd expect in New Orleans, but the pasta was a gummy, salty mess.  The food came out pretty cold, which didn't help too much.  There are a ton of great places close by - maybe Italian should be avoided in New Orleans in lieu of more traditional food?  But it just seems a shame with a lot of beautiful flavors available to put out mediocre food.Reliably wonderful. Clean. inexpensive, delicious. Reservation recommended,I want there for my vday make up date. ( it fell on mardi gras this year). The server Cara was awesome! The food was good too! We did the lollypop pork chop for an app. I had chicken & my man had pasta. Good ombiance n nice reasonably priced food. A good night.Greeted on a unseasonably chilly night with warm bread made from a local bakery. 8PM on a Wednesday night and it was very slow. I had a great Red. $14 for '12 Italian- Marchesi De Barolo from Piemonte. Had the house salad and Meatball dish. It was very flavorful.  It could have used 1 pinch less of salt. My server Shaela made the night. She was engaging, knowledgeable, and very friendly. I'd come back.The best things about this place are the atmosphere and the waitstaff.  I came here with an Italian who was visiting and I was trying to show off...it didn't work. :(  My pasta was hard and slightly overcooked and really overpriced!  Our waitress was the best part of the night.  She was friendly and knew alot about the menu.  Most importantly, they were closing and I never try to make people stay past closing because I know they still have to clean and everything but I really commend her for not ever making us feel rushed.  We left about 20 minutes before they closed.Really nice spot located in the heart of the French Quarter. This space reminds me of an NYC bistro.  Small & quaint.  Open kitchen.  Bordering on trendy, but not at all pretentious.  My boyfriend and I had a late dinner here on New Year's Eve.  Upon entering, the hostess offered us our choice of party favors: party hats, noisemakers, etc. Nice, warm welcome.  The entire staff was super friendly. Fairly limited menu, but consists of some very nice choices. Salads are fresh, pasta entrees are deliciously rich...especially the Crawfish Diablo, which I loved! I only wish I had saved room for dessert, as the tiramisu looked so decadent. Next time, for sure. I really like the vibe at this restaurant.I've been here several times, and every time Maximo's delivers. The food is always absolutely delicious, with every bite cooked perfectly, creatively, and with a little love and care. The staff is more than accommodating, willing to do everything they can to make your night a good one. Chef Woods is an awesome and entertaining fellow, and if you happen to see a cookie monster prowling the streets of NOLA, beware, it's probably him.
Go to Maximo's. At the very least, you'll enjoy it, and at the very best, you'll fall in love.Another great place in the Quarter where a local will go to eat.
Great decor, really nice vibe,contemporary and yet still French Quartery.  Sit in the back in a cozy booth and watch the open kitchen prepare the food.
Good grilled choices, fish, steak, shrimp, try the mixed grill. Good pastas and salads too.
Classy but not stuffy atmosphere, change out of your t shirts and flip flops before heading for a really good meal!
Tip for parking...park in the French Market lot and just walk over to Decatur Street through the flea market.Maximo's has been one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans since 2000!  Although its changed owners a couple of times, the food quality is still just as excellent, and the staff is still just as great!  I recommend anything 'fire roasted', as well as their fresh house-made ravioli and soups! All excellent! Chef Justin has really stepped it up a notch and the menu changes have been FANTASTIC!!!! 
My favorite new item is the poletta and kale side dishes (OMG sooo good!!!)Dined at Maximo's for dinner recently. Dined at the bar. The bartender was very nice and very attentive. Ordered the pork with pickled vegetables for an appetizer. The pork was literally so dry that it was powdered. The pickles were good. Ordered the Ravioli d'Anatra as an entree. That was made with some fresh vegetables, but had no taste. The duck filling was completely tasteless. Also ordered the Bolognese. The pasta was good and tasted fresh, but overall the dish did not have much flavor. Could not taste any of the meats that were in the dish. Just a heavy tomato flavor throughout. Prices are much too high for the quality of the food. We will not be back.A sudden craving for Italian food while in the French Quarter brought us to Maximos.  Cost a bit more than we usually care to spend, but we were on vacation and went with it.  We were not let down!
I'm a cheese fanatic and chose to get the cheese stuffed ravioli but changed the sauce to the Alfredo sauce, it was the best decision.  Possibly the best Alfredo sauce i've ever had.  I highly suggest it to anyone considering it.
My partner got the Duck and Red Pepper Fettuccine and couldn't stop raving about it!
The space has a nice ambiance, not too bright, not too dark, just right.  
If you're near the Jackson Square area, I suggest giving them a try.  You will love it!Went out for dinner with my Family to Maximos while on our vacation in New Orleans. We were seated up stairs away from the hustle and bustle of the first floor. Tables here are pretty close together as space is limited so this isn't the place for the claustrophobic. Our server was very friendly and helped with suggestions from the menu. If you are looking for standard Italian dishes this isn't the place for you.   Wanting to try some New Orleans cooking I decided to order the fire shrimp and a couple of meats and cheeses to start off. The meat and cheeses tasted very good however the portion of the cheeses we were given was laughable. Honestly it was like they put a block of cheese down cut some for someone else and gave us the scraps that feel off. Probably the skimpiest portion I have seen. The meats however were fresh and the portion size on those was a bit better. The fire shrimp were quite tasty although the portion size wasn't as big as I expected given the cost. They were just as advertised however when it came to the "kick" they had. They were spicy and tasted great. Over all the food at Maximos was above average but the portion sizes were small. If the portion sizes had been larger I would have easily given Maximos 4 stars.For a classic Italian Restaurant, this place was very good.  Apps, entrees, and desserts were all delicious.  Chicken Picatta was perfection, meat dishes were cooked very well, although the lamb was a bit on the tough side.  Service was very good and attentive without being obtrusive. Highly recommended.Maximo's is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans!  We went for dinner last night and it was fabulous. I had the Pasta Pirata, and my husband had the Crawfish Fra Diavolo, both were excellent.
     We come to NOLA from Nebraska, about every year, and Maximo's is always a must visit, I've never had anything on the menu that wasn't delicious!An old favorite, Maximo's was just mediocre on our most recent visit. Service was very off for what wasn't a busy night, and food was not memorable for the most part. Took way too long to get a 2nd glass of wine.  Husband's fire roasted chicken and sausage was served verging on the overcooked - the sausage was black and dry from too much heat. The chicken was better but barely. The dark meat was fine, but the breast was nearly inedible. Sauteed calamari was tasty.Maximos was in the top three places I ate when I was in Nawlins.  Great food and great service.I had an excellent dining experience here on 08-25-2011.   Maximo's always had a good reputation, but I had not eaten here in 20 years, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.
We arrived at 7:00 pm on a Thursday, and the place was pretty empty.  We had reservations but were told we could sit wherever we wanted.  We opted for the very first booth (2-top) situated on the left wall as you walk in.  We were seated immediately and greated by our server (Erin).  Our drinks arrived in a jiffy, along with some delicious hot bread.
The restaurant is narrow but you don't get the feeling like you're sitting right on top of the table next to you.  The decor is upscale and the stained wooden ceilings are a nice touch.  There are pictures everywhere but they don't take away from the dining experience.
For an appetizer, we had the Sicilian shrimp which was grilled and wrapped in prosciutto.  They give you four nice sized prawns, so it's worth the money.  My entree selection was the Osso Buco, which is a veal shank cooked on the bone.  It is the house specialty and is absolutely delicious.  You don't need a knife because the veal is so tender than you can eat it with a fork.  As is customary, they give you a tiny appetizer fork so that you can eat the marrow from inside the bone.  I know this may sound a little weird to some, but don't knock it till you try it.  Although not as tasty as the veal itself, the marrow was very rich and had a buttery texture.
We also had the fire roaseted seafood entree, which consisted of gulf shrimp, large scallops and fish (grouper).  I love scallops and shrimp, but the grouper stole the show on this plate.  The habernero infused olive oil really kicks it up a notch, but not to the point where you don't taste the seafood and appreciate it for what it is.
For dessert, we had the tiramisu beacuse it's made in house and it doesn't get any fresher than that.  Although not my favorite dessert, I prefer in house desserts to those that are store bought or shipped to the restaurant.
Lastly, I'd like to commend my server Erin.  She was extremly attentive (without being intrusive) and very helpful with the menu choices.  Her personality make her perfectly suited for her job and she is a definite asset to Maximo's.  It's readily apparent when a person truly enjoys their job and Erin fits the bill.  
Thanks for making our dining experience here a memorable one.I found this place while doing some searching for restaurants in NOLA that had food for a vegetarian as well as availability on a specific day. We had a 9:30 reservation, arrived at 9:25. The hostess was extremely (maybe overly...) bubbly and enthusiastic. She said she had to seat a few tables before us (the bar was packed). So she seated a few tables and then offered us a seat at the kitchen bar. Basically you could sit at round swirly chairs and watch them cook. No thanks. There were empty booths and she kept saying other people had reserved them (but we had a reservation?!?) so finally (15 minutes later) she put two awkward tables together for us. 
Our waiter was nice. He took our order quickly as we were starving. We all enjoyed our salads but it took at least an hour to get our entrees. We didn't have anything extravagant and it wasn't insanely crowded - I'm sure it was business as usual for them. We didn't eat until 11pm (rez at 9:30). I had really delicious raviolis and everyone else enjoyed their food as well.
We asked the waiter to compensate us for the amount of time we waited for our food (it was clear the kitchen was backed up, nothing the waiter did wrong), he spoke to the manager and they kindly removed a round of drinks from our bill.
I would recommend this place for food, but not for service. Don't go here if you're starving.We've been to Maximo's 3 times, and each time every bite has been exquisite! The restaurant and staff are warm and personable. We always spend more than we intend (the wine and drink prices are on the high side), but we have trouble staying away. The lamb and Veal Noci (last night) were great. Service can be slow, but the wait is worth it!Found this place walking down Decatur.  Was seated at the chef's table and had a wonderful meal.  Staff was great and very attentive.  Would recommend this lovely place to my friends, and will certainly return on my next visit to New Orleams.Great meal! We had fire roasted shrimp, the Romana salad and Veal Fontinella.  Nice wine list and pleasant atmosphere.Three small raviolis cost you over $20. The portions here on most meals are very very small. You will leave hungry if you do not order an appetizer, salad and dessert. This place will quickly become a $75 meal per person.
The food is decent but the value for your money is very poor.The fire roasted shrimp or fish is to die for.  I have eaten at this place quite a few times over the years and it is a hidden gem. 
If you like Italian, give it a try. You will not regret it!The fire roasted mixed grill seafood was awesome as was the veal cutlets. Their bread was fresh but if you order the steak filet and want it medium rare order it rare because they overcook it.As tourists, we were very fortunate to stumble upon Maximos! Infact it was so good, we ate there 2nts in a row!! The Fettuccini Alfredo was amazing!!! and the Bread!  Wow! we had 4 loaves and they were willing to bring more!!
The staff, chefs and manager were outstanding. It was a truly great experience. We cant wait to get back to New Orleans, and our 1st stop will definately be Maximos!
Thank you from the Dodd Family, CANADAWe used to love this place but it has gone down hill over the past 1 1/2 -2 years. The service is poor and the quality of food is nowhere near what it used to be. The open kitchen is still a wonderful thing. But it can't make up for the slow service and mediocre food.Does this city have good food or what?  It's truly the  "bontemps" when you're in New Orleans...live music, sumptuous food, friendly locals...I really like this city and was so mad at that stupid hurricane.  I can't wait to get back, and this restaurant is one of the reasons.
This restaurant came highly recommended, and it had the guns to back it up.  I had the best Penne Arrabiata ever that set my mouth on fire, and ate so much bread and drank so many hurricanes they had to roll me out of there.  Very beautiful oak-paneled interior with gentle lighting.  This is ideal for either a formal client dinner or a special occasion with the sweetheart.Service & location is awesome, however no one at our table of 7 enjoyed the food. Disappointing because I always hear such great things about the place.I had really high hopes for this place...so much so that it's where I had my birthday dinner.  Sad to say that it didn't quite measure up.  The overall atmosphere was really cute.  I loved the casual set up in the back.  BUT I'm not sure that it really went with the prices on the menu.  When you're spending this type of money, you're typically expecting a more refined dining room.  I think the front area of the restaurant matched that sensibility but the back...not so much.
I ordered the bolognese and it was...ok.  It wasn't bad and I had no problem eating it but I definitely didn't love it.  I've had better bolognese for $12.  I hate to give a poor review but if I'm being honest (and I am...) this spot was really just OK and I probably won't return anytime soon.When you are done eating local fair and fried everything and you think you've eaten the best food you've ever tasted, go to Maximos.  Because you will THEN eat the best food you've ever tasted.  
I've spent a lot of time in Italy and this is truly authentic and the flavors, oh my god, the flavors.
We ordered the calamari and it comes in a tomato broth that you will literally lick off the bowl after you've dipped in your hot and crusty bread.  I ordered the Chef's special which was a white wine clam, crawfish and scallop pasta and I wanted to dive in and live there forever.  My friend ordered the crawfish diablo...YUM.
It's surprising this place is so quiet because after going to Emeril's, Commander's Palace, GW Fins (surprisingly delicious) and Cochon, honestly, this was better.  Or at least a nice change of pace from everywhere else.We were walking around the French Quarter and stopped by at Maximos for dinner. It was almost 10 PM but they accommodated our group of 8. Our server was very nice. I had the cream of spinach soup and it was the best that I've ever had. I was in the mood for vegetarian so I ordered Pasta Primavera and it wasn't great. In general,  vegetarian food was not good here. My friend ordered Risotto and she said that she makes better risotto at home. We shared Tiramisu and it was good. I'm giving it 4 stars for the excellent service and good non vegetarian food.Went to Maximo's for my annual Eat Club dinner with Tom Fitzmorris. We had a great 5 course meal with the highlights being the duck confit pansotti and the osso buco. The duck pansotti was the best, its like a large ravioli filled with duck meat with a spicy sauce and cheese, excellent dish that I wish I could have had as the main course. I had osso buco for the first time and it was very tender and good but missing was the large section of bone marrow that you soak up with hot Italian bread. The wine selection was great. 
The low points were that for a large gathering the owner nor the chef came out to greet us, normally when a group takes up your whole restaurant you greet everybody and give them so info about the meal your about to have. Some of the dishes were add-ons that were good but looked like they were just there to make the meal 5 courses. Biggest knock was that we were at an Italian restaurant and had to ask for bread which is almost sacrilegious. The dessert of what was supposed to be amaretto cheesecake was overcooked and had zero taste of amaretto. Most people didn't eat it and left it on the table. 
 This is not just a red gravy joint but offers a new fresh take on Italian highlighted by grilled appetizers and entrees. Overall it was a good experience but I was hoping for more.We don't like to write bad reviews, but.......
Maximo's used to be Great American Cigar Girl's  favorite restaurant in NOLA, and that's saying a lot for a city known for great restaurants.  Saturday night, my birthday dinner, changed that.  I gave them a chance after last birthday's bad Osso Bucco experience but this one knocked them off the list completely.  Bad service, bad food - I'm so sorry Chef Thomas Woods, you've almost all ways delivered and I'll still give you my vote for cutest chef in NOLA but the experience sucked!  Sit at the grill bar if you're a foodie - it's amazing to watch the staff cooking and the smell of garlic is Heavenly!  I'm not saying I won't go back; but I'll definitely stick to the Filet of Beef or the Mixed Seafood Grill.
Bright note, the Krewe Du Vieux parade delivered satiric, non-politically correct, witty fun - as always, and The Great American Cigar Girls had a fantastic night in one of the most romantic cities in the world!Huge disappointment!!!! 
I live in New Orleans and walked past this restaurant many times and finally made a reservation to go on a Friday night. Tables are rather close in the front part of the restaurant so you'll easily hear the conversation next to you. Our waiter seemed friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. While the food was acceptable (certainly not great) the issue was that it took more than 40 minutes between courses. By the time we got our entree, I wasn't even hungry any more. I mentioned this to the waiter and he said, "well", we have a big party upstairs" like that was supposed to be my problem. Further, I had to ask for the same condiment 3 times before it came to the table. While we were eating, our waiter greeted a couple that he apparently knew... then he started singing to them right over our table as if we were not even there. After almost 3 hours, I asked for the check. There are plenty of incredible Italian restaurants in New Orleans ... this is not one of them. I won't be back!Very nice ambiance, transitional look; open kitchen, wood walls, and sleek seating. Nice staff and the manager was very kind. Had the ravioli of the day - was amazing. Main course combination of pastas. Nothing too special, however disspointingly a bit over cooked. The sauces were fantastic to compensate. House bread was exceedingly good, crunch on the outside and soft in the inside.  overall a great experience.New Orleans cuisine is all about the Creole, Cajun and French that sometimes I forget how much influence Italian food has on this city. You have Muffulettas, dozens of pizza shop but sometimes a girl just wants so good 'ol fashioned Italian dishes and that is when my journey to Maximo's Italian Grill happened.
While the standard image of Italian restaurant decor revolves around chequered table-cloth, this restaurant is not that. The decor was quite traditional with a bit of a rustic feel emphasized by brick walls, woody decor, simple chairs and an open kitchen.
I started off my meal with a cocktail. Not sure if I am getting the name right but I ordered a Rubarbar (?). It was well crafted and the alcohol content was definitely present.
I wasn't extremely hungry and although the appetizers sounded quite tempting, I rather save room for dessert. I ordered the New Zealand Lamb Rack and not haven tasted anything else, I am convince that was the best choice I could have ever made. My oh my was this good! I asked for it to be cooked spicy and medium (rare is better but I loathe bloody meat). However, it was nothing less than juicy, tender, deep reddish pink, browned, crusty, herbed, fatty goodness. I also enjoyed the flavor added by the herb roasted Parmesan potatoes and grilled garden asparagus spears. Overall, this dish was really wholesome with a lot of flavor.
My friend took it old school and had Meatballs. The Tagliatelle was good but the meatballs were amazing. I believe they were made from 3 different types of meat. The texture could be described as nothing less than pillowy soft.
I figured we were at an Italian restaurant so I couldn't go wrong with the Tiramisu. I was so highly impressed with the food that the dessert tasted almost like a disappointment. It was meh on the Tiramisu scale. I mean I ate it all, it just isn't a worthy option I would revisit again.
Not to be forgotten, service was on point. Our water glasses were filled consistently throughout the meal, napkins were placed on the lap, the simple comforts. I also liked that the staff is uniformly dresses, it adds to the ambiance.The beef carpaccio is very well done but I have been consistently disappointed with even the simplest of pasta dishes as the sauce has been lack luster every time.  I will try them again and hope for a little more inspiration.Despite owner Tomas coming from a McDonald's dynasty, this is no McDonald's.  This is finer dining at its best.  They want to get it right - this is a culinary journey not a "Happy Meal."  Mussels, Caprese salad, 4-cheese ravioli, and ossobuco were outstanding.  Server Erin was on top of her game.Love the choices of fire roasting!!!  Tried the scallops and fish. Both were perfectly prepared.We went here two nights ago with my family who were in from out of town. They wanted Italian so I figured give it a shot. I would have written the review that night if I could have managed to leave my bathroom.
Both my father and I were violently sick immediately after dinner. We're pretty sure it was the calamari that we shared. My mother and wife did not have any and did not experience the sickness.
Overall the food tasted okay, but not what I would have expected for $200. Service was very slow. Dinner took 3 hours with desert. Won't be going back in this lifetime sickness aside.
One positive: The waitress was friendly, attentive,  and apologetic for the slow kitchen.I had eaten at Maximo's probably 15 years ago but hadn't been back since so when I had the opportunity to purchase a discounted certificate, I knew I just had to go back.
I had 2 certificates that I had to use by 8/30/11 so I used my 1st one 8/29/11 and had an outstanding experience.
I arrived around 7:45pm and was seated immediately at a table next to the open kitchen.  I was greeted by my server Kaiser (sp?) and felt immediately at home.  He was very friendly and attentive to my needs throughout my dining experience.
I decided to have a couple of appetizers rather than an entree that night.  I settled on the 4 cheese ravioli with a red sauce and it was outstanding.  My other appetizer was the Sicilian Shrimp, which is jumbo gulf shrimp wrapped in prosciutto and grilled and again, it was outstanding.  Even though my tummy was satisfied at that point, I decided to take a look at the desert menu and when my eyes fell on Lemoncello Cake, I knew I just had to try it.  I was thinking that it was going to be a small wedge of cake but it was actually a nice slice and it was wonderful.  It was slightly sweet but the tartness from the lemoncello was fantastic.
After that nights food and service experience, I would highly recommend Maximo's and ask to sit in Kaiser's section  because it was a wonderful experience.  
Now to my experience on 8/30/11...
What a difference the wait staff makes at Maximo's.
I was seated immediately at the table that fronts the open kitchen and enjoyed watching the chef cook.  It took my waiter Kevin J. about 10 minutes to come to greet me & I should have taken that as a sign of what was to come for the rest of my visit.  
I decided on the entree special which was Diver Scallop Picata and it arrived in a timely manner and was delicious.  After completing my meal, I had to wait an additional 15 minutes for Kevin J. to come take my plate away and ask me if I wanted to see the desert menu and I said yes.  Bringing me the desert menu was the only thing that he performed promptly.  I looked over the desert menu and had decided on the Tirimisu (sp?)  but after waiting another 10-15 minutes for him to come ask me if I had made a decision, I told him to just bring me my bill before I lost it.  And again, that took forever and a day for him to do and I'll be damned if he didn't charge me for the wrong dish and that took another 15 minutes to get straightened out.  I asked Kevin J. why his service was so lacking and he just shrugged his shoulders and acted like he didn't care what I thought.
Once my bill was finally straightened out, I asked to speak with the manager.  The manager, who remembered me from the night before, came over and asked that we step outside to speak.  I relay my experience that night to the manager and he asks when I'll be leaving town so he can make it up to me.  I tell him I'm a local, which makes my dining experience all the more disappointing.  After talking for about 20 minutes, he sticks his head in the door & asks one of the servers to bring him a business card.  He tells me that on my next visit, the entire bill will be on the house and he writes this on the back of his business card, shakes my hand and again thanks me for my patience.
I tell him that someone with Kevin J's attitude should not be working in a restaurant of Maximo's caliber.  He tells me that Kevin J. will be dealt with appropriately and apologizes again for my dining experience that night.  
So, the moral of this story is that not every experience is going to be good but make what you can of it and don't blow up in the restaurant,  Just talk to the manager and get a free meal out of it.Spoiler alert - I'm biased.  I've know Chef Thomas Woods for quite a few years now.  He worked at Belle Forche' some years back which was a project in which a friend of mine was a part owner.  I met him with that friend and we've known each other since then.  So when I found out that he was the chef at Maximo's, it was only a matter of time before I went.  I think the first time I went was for our anniversary.  I'm always hard pressed to recall specifics of meals, but I do recall that the Fire-Roasted Shrimp are simply indescribably fantastic.  Since then we've been a few more times.  The prices make it for us a special night out - it's semi-expensive, and it's more than a modest budget can afford regularly; which is fine because it makes it more an experience for us.
The wait staff is very good, I can't speak about the bar - don't know that I've ever ordered anything from there.  Took another couple there once and unfortunately it was the only time we had a sub-par meal.  Something we ordered came back under-cooked (if I'm not mistaken the wife ordered a filet and it was fairly rare, which for many is the best way to have it, but the wife doesn't like that and didn't order it that way).  Personally, I nearly always get the fire-roasted mixed seafood grill.  Never fails to impress or please.
It's off the beaten path, nearer the more residential area of the French Quarter near the French Market.  It's not real big, and as someone mentioned it can be a bit tight when it's busy.  But it's worth a trip!Love to come here with my husband. The music is jazzy, staff is great and the menu is new. 
Had the daily special asparagus soup, salad and 4 cheese ravioli. My has and lives the fish (lemon).
They really care about your dining experience, cause when we stated the fish was not up to par we were not charged for it!!Great place, great food, great service.  Request to sit in the back so you can watch the chefs fly around in the open kitchen.My husband brought me to Maximo's for my 40th birthday.  It was delicious!  It's not too fancy, but still very nice.  Our waiter was very sweet, and attentive.  We started with the Gamberetti Siciliana (grilled shrimp wrapped in prosciutto w/garlic and basil). YUM  My husband had the flounder special fire roasted served over veggies.  The fish was cooked to perfection.  I had the Bolognese dish.  It was perfect! Tasted like my great grandmothers pasta!  Everything was very good from the wine to the homemade Tirimisu, espresso, and cappuccino.  All of this for $94! We will be back!We were in town for a convention, Funny  thing is we tried to go to Coops but my wife couldn't tolerate the dirtiness or the smell. We had a fantastic meal at Maximo's the waiter was great, funny but efficient. We had a combination of seafood, pasta, and ravioli. Everyone thought it was great and $180 inc tip for four of us was a great value for what we got. This isn't an Olive Garden folks.Ok let me tell you this about that!  You need to eat here.  While walking like a tourist the wife did a quick view,  we came back for our Coupe de gras, the end to a week of New Orleans.  If you have to donate a kidney then that's the price well paid to have a meal here!  Please post this every where you can.  Wonderful staff and food that dose not, I mean does not need anything,  no salt, no pepper,  no katchup,  no mayo.  All it needs is your mouth hole. You need to eat here to justify your existence! We had the Rissotto with broccoli and truffles to start,  the Rissotto would not be sent back only the devistated bowl from which it was served.  We had the Bolensage, Pasta Rosa with shrimp, and Chicken and Sausage with roasted potatoes and artichoke spears.  All the food was prepared excellently, and was tasted by all at our table. Our waiter Kevin was very polite, as was all the staff who worked like it was their mission to keep us happy. Prices were on the higher end,  but as I said to our waiter.  "When a meal becomes an experience, then price will be no issue". That's what was given to us, an experience. We came to New Orleans to take in the culture, and we left on an extrodinarily high note.  When,  not if,  we come back, we will have a new must stop!My most recent visit was Christmas Eve. I have been a regular at Maximo's for years. Their osso buco has always been the best in the city...until the last two visits. It was almost unrecognizable from the dish I loved so dearly. The cut of meat was thin, the sauce was underwhelming, and there was NO MARROW. In fact, all the dishes we ordered have undergone negative tweaks. I asked our waitress about the changes, and apparently there is a new head chef. I understand wanting to put your stamp on a restaurant, but not if it's going to negatively impact the food. Also, service took three hours, which I would have gladly endured if the food had hit its previous high notes. As much as it pains me to say it, I think we've lost another fantastic, under the radar option in the FQ.Awesome view if you get a table on the patio. Lamb lolly pops were fabulous too.I have the christmas reveillion dinner last night and the ffood was very good, just a bit small on the portions.  I started with the scallops, or should I say scallop for an appetizer and it had a nice chili glaze on it.  The minestrone with lump crabmeat followed and it was good but nor great.
My entree was the fire roasted cobia.  Loved the fire roast flavor on the fish and the vegatables but again, the portions were small. My wife had the arugula salad and the veal marsala and her portions were much more generous.
We still love Maximo's and will return.Disappointing. We had good memories of dining at Maximo's over the years and this last time, it looks like everything- owner, chef, decor- has changed. It's still lovely but the food was nothing special and the service, while friendly, was just poor. Ordered a salad that came after the meal. Ordered Brussels sprouts that never came (although we were charged for them). Another salad was soggy. Ordered the fish of the day seared (supposedly with habanero infused oil)- had no taste and didn't come with the pasta. When reminded, the waitress brought the pasta much later - it was to have been my sons dinner and needless to say he was cranky. Another diners pasta with white sauce had no sauce- again, no taste. We honestly couldn't wait to leave. For that price, we certainly expected more and won't be back. Sad, especially after all the good memories.I love this place. We were down in New Orleans to do a cruise, but spent a little time in the city on both ends of the cruise.  The concierge at our hotel recommended Maximos to us, and I'm sure glad he did. 
The bread is softer than a baby rabbit. My wife wants to sleep in it. No, for real, if you've never touched a baby rabbit, this is pretty close in softness. I'm not sure how they do it.
The osso buco is not on the menu any more. Get it. The bone marrow is delicious and you can watch them cook it. You can actually watch them cook all of the food since the kitchen is open and towards the rear of the restaurant. 
Everything we ate was crazy good. While watching them make the food, we thought, hey, it looks just like it does when we cook, but there must be some magic in the pans or they do some super crazy flavoring when you can't see, because it tastes way better than most of what I cook, and looks better too, but I'm not that good at plating food anyway. 
All of the staff here were super nice, attentive and had great suggestions. I feel that we were lucky to have gotten this recommendation and the opportunity to eat here. Every city should have a top tier Italian restaurant, and from what I've eaten here, I would say that Maximos is probably one of the top in New Orleans.
The beer selection is okay, but you're not coming to drink. You come here to eat.Dacadence unfriendly. We are well dresseed but in decadence colors and tried to get a drink or order food and drinks on their empty balcony. They said they aren't serving on balcony. My husband asked what about the one couple on balcony. They dodged and said we only serve there In good weather. We said couls we get a go cup at the bar.  They said they aren't serving at thia time. It's like 1964 only with heteros supporint by wearing pride colors. I live here.I have eaten here many times since my first Jazz Fest in 1994.  The food is top notch Italian with a Cajun twist.  The owner Jason is amazing and fun to talk to and hang out with after hours.  We have always has a blast here and I can't wait to see the new concept he is coming up with.  The wine list is amazing with California, French , and Italian high end wines.  All of the 1 and 2 star reviews are a joke.  People if you don't want to pay for top notch food go to a small cafe somewhere and eat average cheap food.  You are clueless.  People giving it 1 star because it was closed, or because they did not get the balcony??  Really?   What a bunch of morons... This place is one of the best places in all of N.O. and always will be if Jason is involved !!   PERIOD!!Maximos is good and fresh Italian with a bit of New Orleans thrown in.  They are mighty proud of their grill and recommend a lot of their "fire grilled" items and the fire grilled seafood is pretty decent but not outstanding.  I've only eaten here a few times but I've found that it is pretty consistent and good but for some reason I find myself thinking I'm in an Olive Garden more than a French Quarter restaurant (maybe they went too modern in the design).I made reservations on the computer which worked out perfectly. Not so good location but great ambiance overlooking the cooks kitchen.Drink of the night was the pomegranate martini which was tasty. My entree was the crawfish diablo which wouldn't win a cookoff but nonetheless enjoyable! Don't remember what my date had so it couldn't have been too memorable.  I would absolutely return for my crawfish dish!Good food.  Pricey.  Had a Groupon so made it a reasonable price.  I wouldn't go with a  large group unless you want to pay an arm and a leg.I thought the portions (on some dishes) were small and the food I tried was just okay.  I think you can find much better food for better prices in our great city.  On the bright side, the service was excellent and the wait staff was very attentive.This place was recommended to us by some woman on Bourbon Street.  Wish we had her around all week! The decor was very cute- with an open kitchen. 
The service was great! The food was awesome- very well seasoned. I had the fire roasted chicken and sausage, with grilled asparagus and Red potatoes- amazing. I event mentioned to one of the cooks how perfectly the meal was seasoned and he joked that the salt and peeper on the table was just for decoration!! :  )
If you want a nice Italian meal while visiting New Orleans, this is your place.Our group of 8 happened upon Maximo's one night on a recent trip to NOLA looking for a place that had room for all of us (without a reservation) and menu that appealed to everyone.  We caught them at the right time and were seated at the bar overlooking the grill line.  It was a great experience and we were all very glad we'd found Maximo's by the time we'd left.  The guys (& one lady) in the kitchen were fun & engaging and made our visit.  
Leslie was our server and very attentive & friendly.  Meal wasn't inexpensive, but good value for the quality of food.  Both things I tried were on special that night, so it might  not be of big help to future visitors...I had a seafood ceviche (which included crawfish) appetizer that was very good, and a rabbit ravioli that was excellent.  My wife also had the ravioli, but we sampled a few of our friends dishes as well and while i can't recall what they'd ordered, everything was very good and our group had no complaints.
I travel a lot and have had a rule of not repeating restaurants (at least in cities like NYC, NOLA, etc. with so many great options).  It's been loosened recently at my wife's insistence because of a couple of our favorite spots in NYC.  Of the 7 places we dined at while in NOLA, Maximo's is one of 2 that I would make an exception for on a future visit...which is high praise for me.Kinda stumbled on this place and as a good tourist, I was fooled by the sign: half off appetizers and entrees.
So after double checking Yelp, i gave it a shot. And was i suprised. I don't get why this place wasn't full. 
The staff is super friendly even after i asked for 5 times if it really was all half off. They do this during summer on Tuesdays only because dinners are slow than.
I started with the Sicilian shrimp. Perfectly grilled in a prosciutto jacket. The combination of the salty ham with shrimp made a perfect marriage in the mouth.
As an entree i kinda spoiled myself with a bistecca. Just coming from the New York restaurant week, my expectations weren't that high... But my god! This dish, blew me away! Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Tender piece of meat accompagnied with the most delish potatoes with parmesan crust and great tasting green beans!
I would definitly come here again and after tasting this at half price, i wouldn't mind paying full price for the same thing.The food there was absolutely amazing! You can tell everything is made with fresh ingredients and nothing is frozen. We enjoyed our waiter as well he was very attentive and made us feel extremely comfortable! Next time we visit New Orleans we will definitely come again.I've been here several times, and have always enjoyed my food. Saturday night was no exception. We were in late, so we just ordered appetizers: Fire Roasted Shrimp, Antipasto & Caesar Salad with Lump Crabmeat. Everything was beautifully presented and arrived in a timely manner. 
I can't wait to have a break from school and spend a Wednesday night; the wine night is heavy on Italian wines, and 1/2 price is a great way to discover a new favorite!Top Notch Italian Food, Upscale Atmosphere, Great Service
 Love this place!  Discovered it by happenstance while walking down Decatur looking for Italian Restaurants in July, 2013.  We were seated at the counter and had a terrific meal while also being entertained by the cooks.
  Authentic and upscale Italian food.  Quality is commensurate with the prices.  I judge Italian places via Calamari, Veal and Tiramisu ... All were terrific!    Service was excellent; attentive, polite and very friendly.
  I spent 6 months in 2013 on a project in NOLA and went back several times.  I started working overtime and the night shift after only 2 months or otherwise I would have been back more often.Food was good but little salty for my taste  I do recommend this restaurant service was good only thing is that they don't have cazadores tequila mmm this is the best for margaritasWent there for my birthday dinner.  Had the Osso Buco.  Ruined my life.  Don't think Osso Buco can be done better.  Think about every day.  Cant even remember the app.Maximo's was a little disappointing.  The best part of the experience was the service.  Heather was very attentive and helpful with our choices.  Especially with wine.  Unfortunately, only a couple of our  dinner choices yielded good results.  The salad with Gouda cheese and lump crabmeat was very good as was the crawfish penne.  However, the roasted garlic soup tasted too much like flour or the roux.  Plus, the taramisu had a cheap chocolate flavor.  Overall it was a fine experience but with so many great choices in New Orleans I doubt I'll be back.It's tricky to find a place amongst the fun that can do what this place does. An amazing menu! An open kitchen! An educated and highly attentive waitstaff! Great date night as well as a groups.We went last night and had a very good meal.  The apps didn't really wow us- we had the Lamb Chop Lollipops and the Fire Roasted Shrimp.  Both were good, but not outstanding, especially considering the price.
Freshly baked and warm italian bread came frequently to the table.  Service was above average.
Entrees- Crawfish diablo pasta- very good, although I had to add a little salt.  It paired well with a glass of Pinot Grigio. James had the special, which was homemade ravioli stuffed with Ricotta.  It was covered in a very flavorful vodka sauce.  We had fun watching the chefs run around in the open kitchen.  I'd describe the atmosphere as a comfortable grey area between casual and upscale.
I had one of those "deal of the day" certificates I'd purchased a while back- I paid $25.00 and got a $50.00 certificate.  Definitely worth the money considering this discount.Came in right before closing on a Friday night (like almost locking the doors). Staff was fantastic, friendly and welcomed our 6 top.  Fantastic food and service.Word is that Maximo's closed last week.  Some say that the same owners are going to retool and reopen, but that part I really don't know.  Check before go!Love the bread and provolone cheese!! I can go there and sit at the grill and just eat those with wine and be content! Cool watching the cooks make the provolone.
The pasta here is delish! Crawfish diablo... oh my! Service is ok, wait can be long but worth it!I bought a Living Social Deal to try this place and finally made it out to the restaurant last week, and Oh. Em. Gee. It was the best dining experience I had in a while (well, to be fair, I haven't been eating at nice places a whole lot as of late, but still)!
First and foremost, the service was impeccable. From the hostess to our server to the guy refilling our water to the kitchen staff in the open kitchen, everyone was super friendly and engaged us in conversation.
My sister and I shared everything. We started out with the carpaccio and the arugula salad. I *love* arugula and it was served inside walls of prosciutto. I liked the presentation a lot and it was tasty. The carpaccio was good but I should have eaten all of it before having the salad, because the prosciutto was saltier and made it harder for me to enjoy the less seasoned carpaccio.
Then we were wondering if we should get two main dishes or just one. My sister eats a small portion so we often order less food than two people normally do. We asked our server how much food the fire roasted mixed seafood was. She told us that it would come with two jumbo shrimp, two scallops, and a filet of fish. I wasn't sure if it would be enough food but she said it would be a good dish to split between the two of us and we went ahead and ordered just this for the main course. I jokingly said that I would like a lot of the habanero olive oil.
So I don't know if she told the kitchen that or what, but I did taste the fragrant habanero olive oil in every bite of the dish and absolutely loved it. Everything was cooked to perfection. I'm normally a huge fan of scallops and while the scallops were delicious, surprisingly the fish was my favorite part. And yes, it was enough food for the two of us (I had more than half of this dish as my sister gave me a huge chunk of her fish saying that she was getting full).
We left room for dessert though! We got the tiramisu, and oh man, it had the perfectly desirable texture for tiramisu. It did not taste like soggy cake and it wasn't too mousse-like. It was awesome!
I went upstairs to go potty before leaving and I heard the grill man ask my sister what she thought of the seafood. She said that it was perfect and he was really happy to hear that.
It seemed like the staff actually really enjoyed working at the restaurant. I hope what I saw is true and that they are treated well, because they were just the perfect amount of professional without being too robotic/cold!
Oh, and the music was on point! They had me dancing in my chair.My family has frequented Maximo's for years, even before Katrina, and we have never had a bad experience. If you ask in advance to be seated at the grill bar, you are in for a real treat. The chefs make all the food right in front of you and, if you make a later reservation that's past the typical dinner rush, you get to chat with them and hear all about how they absolutely LOVE food. 
And it shows! The menu offers a diverse selection of meats but I often go for the seasonal special and it never disappoints. The homemade ravioli is tender and the fish of the day is always fresh. I always feel like we're being treated to a really special experience at Maximo's and that is the reason I love it so much.Maximos is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in NO.  The fire-roasted mixed seafood grill (fish, scallops, and shrimp) was out of this world and the soup of the day, a fresh corn soup, was delicious as well.  I tried the tiramisu but like another Yelper said, it was kind of frozen, bland and Sysco-like.  I don't think I'll be getting dessert in the future. I'm not sure if their drink menu changes but I tried one of their cocktails (something with cardamaro) and it was very good!Love Maximo's! I come here often and it's because it offers great food, wonderful service and a nice atmosphere where you can hear the person you are eating with and enjoy your dinner. Love their open kitchen and getting to see the chefs do their thang! Being vegetarian it's often hard to find menus that are accommodating and Maximo's is no different. BUT...what they do well is work with you to come up with wonderful selections of entrees that always impress. Just talk to your server. The risotto I had on Friday night made to order with a vegetable stock was honestly one of the best I ever had (and I have had a lot). You can easily get lost in heir large wine selection so if unsure ask for suggestions. Finally the last hidden gem of this place is their second floor balcony dining. If the weather is right and they have it open for dining it really makes this an even more special dining experience.I took my wife here for her birthday and it was amazing. My wife has a milk allergy and the restaurant and our waiter Kevin did a fantastic job at help her order and to ensure everything was safe to eat. The food as great. We had the spicy calamari appatizer, which was terrific. Then the beef carpaccio - very good. I had the four cheese ravioli and my wife had the duck pasta. The duck pasta was outstanding. 
I highly recommend Maximo's. And ask for Kevin to be your waiter - he will not disappoint you. A great wine list and romantic atmosphere  will add to your dining experience. We will be back next time we're in New Orleans.Had dinner here on Saturday night, after a great day at the Zurich golf tourney.
I ordered veal saltimbucca, it was very good, and just the right portion size. I tasted the swordfish special, and my friends pasta dish - both were first rate.
Service was quite good, and the waiter had excellent knowledge of the menu. We were impressed. Things arrived at a slightly less than average pace, and this was perfect for us on this night, as we had a lot to catch up on with our friends from Mandeville.
The restaurant was packed, the bar was busy, and we had a nice time.It was AWFUL! The Caprese appetizer was supposed to have buffalo mozzarella, but instead had big chunks of something that was just like Polli-O mozzarella that you would buy at the grocery. When we complained, they admitted they knew the cheese was wrong but served it anyway to use it up. Then it took an hour for our entrees to come. When it came, the seafood mixed grill was frozen seafood, cooked to death until it was like rubber. The veal I ordered was overcooked, burnt, and dry, and the pasta tasted like it had been overcooked, but then put in the oven until it was hard, crispy and dry. How can a restaurant serve food like this?Went for dinner for four as walk Ins without reservations. They were able to accomodate us quickly. My wife and I had salads and entrees. The salads were very tasty both house dressing and Caesar were fresh / homemade.  The pasta was delicious and seafood was fresh.   Atmosphere was upscale server was friendly and efficient. All I all very pleased.  Would recommend.