Went to Maypop tonight for the first time.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgable. The space was very comfortable and pleasant. All of the dishes we ordered were wonderful.  The food is very innovative and fresh. Maypop is definitely one of NOLA's best restaurants.Truly outstanding, from the amuse to the dessert. Chef has combined flavors that mingle. Artistry at work. We started with the escargot followed by the pasta, then lamb and fish. Each dish was wonderful. Will definitely come back. Better hurry and eat here before the crowds discover it. A gem.I highly recommend Maypop--I love the blend of Southern and Asian cuisines. We kicked off our lunch with the complimentary amuse-bouche: a coconut milk/curry beignet (my least favorite part of the meal). We ordered the bread service-- sesame rolls with pepper jelly which were piping hot and delicious. I had the hand pulled noodles with pork sausage (pictured). My friend ordered the apple citrus ravioli, which tasted completely different from my dish but was good in its own way. Overall the meal, was so good and I left happy. possibly the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Service was attentive but not overwhelming.We had a great lunch. Enjoyed the fried oysters as we always do. The crawfish appetizer was possibly better than the oysters. The Buster Crap entree was had a very interesting preparation and quite good. Our server Kayla was great.I liked the atmosphere and the service was great. Definitely a hip kind of place. The BF and I were just looking for a cold beer and something to tide us over until dinner. The menu was a bit intimidating with some interesting combinations of foods, but we eventually settled on the pork and cane syrup sesame balls, salt and pepper shrimp, and crawfish  ciabatta with arugula (all small plates). The pork balls were the best out of the three. The BF was NOT impressed with the shrimp, but the crawfish ciabatta was tasty. We ended up spending $50 before tipping. The free little coconut flour doughnuts and Vietnamese coffee caramel bites were a nice touch.
All in all, a nice place, though a bit out of our comfort level flavor wise at times. I would return but the BF probably wouldn't.Do not waste your money here when there are dozens of better deserving places in NOLA. We had a party of 15 booked in May for the Essence Fest only to come to the restaurant to be told 12 was the max. There were maybe 3 other parties total in the restaurant and they could have told us in the 2 months leading up to our date that that can't accommodate a big table but they were very insistent they couldn't take a big group. The manager could not have been ruder. Claimed we were threatening him and talked down to us. Many better places to go instead of this place.Very exciting and inventive cuisine. We had the crawfish salad, squid ink fusilli, pompano in grapefruit curry and duck confit. Each dish was unusual and fantastic. I have never had more tender duck. This is a restaurant you should not miss.Really enjoyed this place.  The flavor combinations were simply amazing. Please keep in mind that I have shellfish allergies. Once I told the waiter, the chef made minor adjustments to suite my needs. The broccoli salad was the best salad I'd ever had and the pork belly and grits was amazing. 
The only reason  I would give it 4 stars is because I didn't know what to expect when I got there. I use yelp a lot, and saw a duck dish I really wanted to try. But when I got there, it wasn't on the menu.  So I suggest you call to see what's on the menu, before walking in. But if you want to be an adventurous, this place is for yoh.
My suggestion to you is to eat slowly to take in all the flavors. 
My hats off to the chef.Very accommodating staff we walked in right before closing with a group of 6. They seated us without a problem. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. I had the brisket not your typical BBQ brisket so don't go there with those thoughts. If you like different out of the ordinary Maypop is it. Everyone liked their food so no complaints here. The downside is we had a hard time finding parking there's a lot across the street, but they were charging event prices with no eventWe came by for dinner and our waitress was attentive. We had the fried oysters for appetizer and the duck and braised beef brisket for our entrees. The roasted duck breast was tender but the red curry sauce was too salty. The apple salad was a nice acidic compliment to all the saltiness. I like the charred rapini with the beef brisket but I didn't care for the gorgonzola popover since the cheese was a bit overpowering. Maypop also provided complimentary savory beignets and a delicious salted caramel chocolate treat.It's hard to find solid, high end restaurants in NOLA that are all around a good experience. Maypop is one of those places. 
The portions are smaller and it's a bit pricy, but it was one of the best dinners we had during our stay in New Orleans. It's sad that it's hard to find good South East Asian food there, but this is one of the exceptions. The head chef is professionally trained and combines French and SE Asian cuisine with bursts of flavor. It saddened me to see that it was not as full as it should have been on the Friday we ate there. This should be fuller, not some place like Cafe du Monde.Best new restaurant in the city!  Every dish my wife and I have tried hit the spot and I don't know where dem oyster's come from but WOW! We're going back tomorrow for Sunday brunch!There are very few times that I sit across the table from my husband and watch his eyes get wide after his first bite, this was one of those times. We were both very skeptical since we were one of 3 people in the restaurant at dinner time and we didn't know what anything on the menu was. We were met with super sweet staff and an incredibly knowledgeable server. The food was amazing and they had a few surprises for us that was unexpected and really cool. Food is excellent, service was great and they truly care about their consumer which is rare now a days. 
My husband had the brisket and bleu cheese crust and I had the Lamien Noodles with crab. So amazing, do yourself a favor and go :)Wonderful. We'll start with Vera our hostess / waitress. She was very nice, comfortable to talk to, very engaging. The menu had lots of interesting options all sounded wonderful. We had the brisket, the swordfish and the squid ink noodles. And we had the PJ fried oysters as an appetizer. Everything we had there was outstanding. Definitely one of the best meals we've had in 30 years.
The squid ink noodles were very good.
The best was the brisket. Very tender and tasted great.
Our least favorite was the swordfish. But it was very good, it is just everything so good.
I would recommend this place big time.
Atmosphere was perfect.Off the charts. One of best meals ever. Super creative, delicious food. Excellent execution. Great service. Chef visiting table was a great, personal touch. Highly recommend Maypop!The food was excellent and so was the service. We were a party of 4 and ordered multiple dishes to share, so we had a good sample of the menu. Everything was superb. Can't wait to go back!The good.
Food, service, wait staff, ambiance- all top notch. Fantastic place, amazing selection. Anything you get will be great.
The bad.
Portion vs price- WAY too small.
I'm not a huge portion eater, and I'm familiar with lots of excellent restaurants and their portion sizes.
The entree portions are essentially Tapas sized.
Not the best place to go if you are super hungry.
Other than that, I can't criticize it at all. Great food.Wonderful food, attentive service. Small portions with small prices to match, perfect for tasting several dishes without leaving full. 
You will want to do so as the menu while small is eclectic and contains several interesting delicious choices. The grouper is highly recommended as is everything on the pasta section especially the pecan pasta 
The chocolate cake for dessert is not to be missed, its light years better than the glop served other places.It was a delicious experience. There was fusion between local and Asian flavors. The handmade pasta was tender and the sauce was robust.  The service was spot on. Mena is always a delight.  We have always had wonderful experiences at Chef Michael Gulotta's restaurants.something different out here in Nola, situated in the warehouse district.  The wife and i got the hand pulled noodles tossed with blue crab & pork sausage and 48 hour braised beef brisket and some "bread service".  The brisket was cooked to perfection and seasoned as such.  The hand pulled noodles in the mapo sauce was a bit too salty.  Good thing we got the "bread service" for an extra $4 to help with that.  The coconut butter and jam was a nice addition to the warm sesame rolls.  As a bonus, we got complimentary savory beignets and a truffle-like dessert (not too sure what it was - didn't pay attention).  I'd say this is more of a 3.5 star place, but since i was tired of anything po-boy related or more oysters...  i rounded up to 4.Awesome resturant with a modern feel. The decorations and layout of the resturant gives a very peaceful and relaxing feel. The staff are extremely attentive to your needs. After each course they would reset the utensil even if you didnt used them. In addition, water is keep in a chill bottle which they refill when your glass is empty. The food is a good modern fusion with Asian dishes; they mix Vietnamese, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food with Southern Louisiana spices. The menu is limited but the ingredients are local and fresh. They have different items based on the season and what is fresh. We had the oyster appetizer which was cooked to perfection. The oysters were crispy with a soft soft (one was a cooling sauce the other hot). Then we tried two noodle bowls. The oyster and shrimp. The noodles were good with a rich creamy sauce. Next we tries the lamb, it was okay in my opinion. Lastly was dessert a must try! We wanted the red bean and rice tart but they were out so we tried the donuts. We were not disappointed. The warm donuts were companied with a not too sweet ice cream. That really ended our meal. A must try restaurant when in New Orleans.Service and staff were lovely.  The food however left much to be desired.  My daughter ordered the noodles with shrimp and the sauce can only be described as "weird", she left most of it in the bowl.  My husband and I ordered the sheepshead fish with crawfish topping.  This was unnecessarily greasy and the fish itself was flavorless.  You had to eat it with the garnish to have any flavor.  If you do go, be sure to order the bread--it was the best part of the meal.  BEWARE!  The caramel espresso bites at the end had a strong salt crusting on the top that nearly made me spit it out.  And I like salted caramel. Beautiful clean space, lovel staff, mediocre food.Delicious and exciting menu! I crave the curry shrimp noodles all the time. 5 stars, a must try.Michael Gulotta strikes again! This popular Nola chef recently opened Maypop and it is a really great dinner spot. I have been here a couple times and enjoyed the food immensely. I am a big fan of the chicken vindaloo, the curry beignets, and the fried oyster appetizer. 
I'm not a vegetarian but people rave about the tofu dish here. 
I highly recommend Maypop to anyone local or non-local looking for something new by a great nola chef. If you're coming to New Orleans to eat amazing food, you should definitely stop by Maypop!I just ate at this restaurant, which a friend recommended highly. The atmosphere was great and the server very friendly and attentive enough. It was noisy, but that's to be expected at a popular restaurant on a Saturday night. Some reviewers complained that portions were small. I did not find this to be the case. My rating is because I found the food to be over produced, trying too hard. Very saucy, even the salad.We had a lovely experience at Maypop with Kayla as our server. The food was delicious. We will be returning here.Let me drop my only 5'er of the day right here for ya. If you are visiting NOLA or live in NOLA, you must try Maypop. Holy burst of flavors! 
The location is easy - out of the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, but not far away at all. I was staying at NOPSI and it was super close walking distance. There also seemed to be ample parking. The inside was sleek, organic, modern, while also warm and welcoming. I had a reservation for a Sunday night, but it was totally unnecessary as the place was almost completely empty.
Everything we ate was the best "thing" we had eaten on this trip (and we ate at some amazing restaurants). I liked that the portions were small because a) I'm a woman, probably wearing something tight, and like to eat like a rabbit to feel better about myself, b) I can try more things, and c) dessert, duh.  The watermelon and chorizo salad was not really a salad in the typical sense of the word, but it hit all the taste bud buttons. In addition, I had the lemonfish plate, which was again, small, but full of flavor. We shared the bread plate (those sauces!!) and the oysters to start. The oysters were a pretty large plate for an appetizer and so good.
I also tasted my husbands noodle dish and the flavors were poppin' like firecrackers, y'all. This dish was definitely more filling than my salad and fish apps, but again, see comment above. They also brought a savory beignet to start, compliments of the kitchen and it was something I'd order in bulk, no problem. Dessert was the green apple tart which is share-able and pretty large. It was good, but I probably would have preferred something else. The ice cream that came with it was amaze!
The cocktail I had was good, and my husband got a speciality soda since he is not able to drink. They do have "other drinks" listed, but no mocktails. My only suggestion would be to add some creative mocktails for those recovering alcoholics, pregnants, already drunks, or DDs who also want a fancy looking drank. My only other thing to note is that my husband said the men's bathroom had some leftover vomitus on the walls by the toilet. Looked like a projectile situation that had been kinda cleaned up but still quite visible. I mean, it's NOLA, sooooo, but let's just say I'm glad I didn't come across that.Great. New restaurant from Chef Gulota . Very different menu from his other restaurants. I enjoyed my meal. Very reasonably priced.Excellent food and server!! Thanks Andrea!! We will be back with out of town guests in March.5 Star most definitely. P&j oysters, lamian noodles and beef brisket. Spectacular. I can't say enough about the food and the service. It was a wonderful dining experience.Absolutely delicious! New Orleans needs more restaurants like this - and we have a LOT of restaurants.  A friend and I split everything - the appetizers (fried oysters and chaat salad) which were very good, an entrée (fermented pork belly) was also very good but the noodle dishes were AMAZING. We shared the Red Bean Calamarata and the Charred Oyster Bucatini -it would be tough to pick one over the other and I can't wait to try the other two on the menu.  On my next visit (hopefully soon) I will likely skip the entrees completely - I want those noodle dishes for days.  They kindly offered my daughter plain noodles with butter - but she wouldn't eat it (it was flavorless) so they might want to find a kids meal that is somewhere in between bland noodles and the amazing-ness of everything else. She did however dive headfirst into the Maypop tart - no one else got to try it but she said it was fantastic.I don't post many reviews but this place just blew us away!! We shared the chilled melon soup, and I had the hand pulled noodles with crab and sausage both were amazing!!
My husband had the egg noodles with shrimp in a curry sauce and loved it as well.
Service was excellent too, I highly recommend Maypop.Simple and outstanding. Simply outstanding. Innovative and hip, quiet and pleasant. Great cuisine that is right on portions and large on flavor!  Great waiter and staff. Attentive and accommodating.Quite possibly one of the best meals of my life. Restaurant had only been 8 days when we wandered in here after lunch in search of a Sazerac. Our bartender did an amazing job with the cocktail and for NYE we wound up back here for dinner after we discovered our usual place was closed. Time to make a new tradition!  
Service was impeccable. Our server, Mena, was attentive, knew the dishes well and gave great recommendations. Food was brought out quickly by a large crew of peeps who always checked in to make sure we were ok, but it never felt pushy. 
Food. Oh my god. The dishes were inventive, flavorful, and downright exciting. I had the bucatini with chargrilled oysters and, wow. Those were the juiciest cooked oysters I've ever had. My bf had the pork belly with these awesome rice cake "tots" and to-die for sauce. Also, we loved the chai donuts for dessert. Yes, tea-donuts. Totally rad. 
The ambiance was cool. Corner building, lots of windows and the dining area feels both private and airy. When sitting at the bar at lunch, my gaze lingered at the open kitchen, where one of the staff was grinding spices with a mortar and pestle. When the chef, Mike, came out during dinner to ask how we liked the food, we asked him about it and he said that they grind by hand because it releases the oils. Neat! Also, they're curing their own meats to use later on in the rotating menus. Can't wait to see what they do there... 
I absolutely recommend this place. Next time I'm in NOLA, you bet I'm coming back.Honestly I'm not sure what the hype was about on yelp but Maypop food to me is standard. It's a little on the pricier side with the food you're getting but they do have nice presentation of their food. We started with their crispy fried oysters with a soy aioli, manchego cheese and spicy cucumber. Everything works well together and makes for a good fried oyster. For our entree I got the 48hr braised beef brisket which was tender but to me it was standard. My wife got the roasted duck breast in red curry and the duck was good but the duck skin could have been a little more crispy as well.Best food I have had in New Orleans with great service!My new favorite!!!!! Sorry Emerils! Great ambiance! Very retro and modern! The food-Absolutely on point! Got the chaat salad, very very good! And got a few other little plates..sorry no pics coz I devoured  the dish in ..what it felt like..a minute...and I wanted more of that charred eggplant and watermelon little plates...soooo Good! Entres we got jumbo shrimp noodles and the mushroom dumplings! Excellent! Thank you God for making me accidently find  this reataurant. Great place!!!Went here with my wife for dinner after a day of museum hopping and before going to a concert at Champions' Square; it was perfect.  We had virgin cocktails of Mango Puree, Lemon, and Rose Lemonaid, followed by an amuse-bouche of savory beignets, Bibb Lettuce Salad, Late Summer Tartine, Noodles Tossed with Blue Crab & Pork Sausage, Panéed Pork with Spicy Smashed Cucumber, Sweet Corn Cake, and Maypop Pie.
I normally wouldn't call a salad the star of a meal, but while the entire meal was a creative delight, the Bibb Lettuce Salad stood out as exceptional with a sweet and spicy, crispy and creamy juxtaposition of flavors and textures.  I'd never had a salad that I couldn't wait to come back for, so this is the first.  I also loved the Maypop Pie, but the crust was a little thick, so if your manners might be on display, I'd recommend something else.
While I preferred the Salad, Noodles, and Pie to my wife's Tartine, Pork, and Cake, she had the opposite opinion, which goes to show taste matters as much as anything else.  Regardless, we will both be back very soon to try other dishes and have our bouches amused again.Very unique and memorable experience. Service was impeccable and the inspired creations will bring me back.From the moment we made our reservation to the last scrumptious morsel, we were spoiled by the exquisite attention to detail at this little gem of a eatery.  We showed up for the last hour of weekend Dim Sum and were entertained by the bursts of flavor in every bite.  The chef greeted us with a savory beignet with wasabi creme. Next, came the delectible Bon Kam-like crispy Pork and Cane Syrup-stuffed Sesame Balls.  Yummmmoooo!  We savored the Head Cheese and Crab Soup Dumplings and Octipus Shumai with spicy mustard. Then, we just had to have the Harissa Lamb with Roti.  OMG delicious!  The Maypop Tart was a special divine ending to a perfect early dinner.  And if that wasn't enough, the check came with a yummy little unique chef-made salted caramel morsel.  Definitely a must-do again!  Thank you, Maypop!Excellent!  I wanted something a bit different and wow was I pleased.  I got the Chicken vindaloo and it was amazing.  So much flavor and texture.  It was amazing.  Definately going back to try the other stuff on the menu.  They also have a cool looking Dim sum on the weekend... I'm gonna check out that also.
If you are a fan of eclectic faire, just go try it.Too good to put into words!! Warm crawfish salad, squid ink fusili, and the fermented pork belly were highlights. Beatuifully plated, extremely unique, and decently priced for the quality and complexity of ingredients. Take an adventurous eater here for the best date ever! Our serverJonas made great recommendations and lovely conversation. I can't wait to come back.Best food I had in New Orleans! So flavorful! Great cocktails too. Highly recommend Maypop to locals and travelers. Can't wait to go back to Nola to eat here again!One of the great meals I've had in NOLA. For that matter anywhere... The service was great as were the drinks. The Bibb salad was wonderful and the bone marrow appetizer was one the best things I've ever had. The squid Ink pasta was also great.
The best thing though was how well they took care of my wife who as a diary allergy. The staff was knowledgable about what she could and could not have and the chef made sure that she had a great meal and experience. 
We will be back next time we are in NOLA!The food is very good. The portions are very small. After dropping a chunk of $$ I had to find another bite to eat an hour later.I wish I could give it 6 stars! Maypop doesn't let down. Everything from my mocktail, to app and entree were awesome and then some. The fried oyster app was insane. It had so many layers of flavor - absolutely incredible. Ask them about the black mayo painted on to the plate under them. You can tell every choice in this place is made with intention and excellent execution. I will go here any time someone asks. The (very reasonable ) price point is so worth the quality of food and atmosphere.Amazingly eclectic blend of tastes and cuisines.  Love the ambiance and the service and everything we ate!!!  Awesome.Nice happy hour great drinks and the food is delicious! Different flavor combos. They are very accommodating to Celiac's and I was able to have gluten free fried oysters and soft shell crab! Heavenly! The service was perfect as well. We will be back!I went to Maypop for a bachelorette dinner during Essence weekend. We made a reservation about 2 months in advance for 15 people but when we arrived on the day of our reservation we were told that the maximum amount of people that they could seat per table was 12. As a bachelorette group we definitely wanted to sit together to celebrate our girl and asked the manager, Scott, if he could accommodate our party especially since the restaurant was mostly empty. 
Scott was incredibly rude and condescending to our group. He refused to acknowledge that they made a mistake by not letting us know their seating limitations and felt like he was being threatened when two members from our group were politely speaking to him. It was unbelievable and you could tell the staff were used to his attitude which I'm sure is not good for their morale. I will say the food was excellent and the servers were fantastic but this restaurant is poorly run by Scott's rude self. It's terrible but I will not be going back despite having amazing foodLove this place! I went there for lunch with a friend and enjoyed myself tremendously. The food was delicious and the service amazing. We ordered noodles, vegetarian pasta, Vietnamese coffee, and more. I can't wait to go back. Great service, food, and I love the location .This was definitely our favorite meal during our stay in New Orleans this time! I was impressed by everything we had, and the service was also great! Loved the atmosphere as well :)This place is fantastic! Will definitely be a regular spot. The lamb dish was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Pompano and tofu entrees were delish as well. Everything my group ordered was amazing.Beyond brilliant. We had such an amazing experience. Three of us including two former chefs sat at the bar and were treated like kings by two fantastic bartenders. In the meantime we were able to look into the open kitchen and watch as the chefs and cooks worked. The entrées were spectacular in both flavor and pleading and the desserts might've actually been even better. Can't recommend this enough!My wife and I tried his restaurant out while on a date night and waiting for a concert at the Civic Theatre. The large windows and chic ambiance welcomed us in as we sat at a table by a window. The server was very charming and the drinks were smart and fresh. The food was delicious as well and we even were able to receive some complimentary appetizers. Great date night and concert.Food was so average and overpriced, a tasteless mix of a bunch flavours that do not work well together at all. So disappointed and such a waste of money.The most beautiful plating I've seen lately and the service was friendly and efficient. The restaurant is so sparsely furnished, it reminds me of a huge, beautiful warehouse.  The seating is hard, unpadded wood, which became uncomfortable before we got through the appetizers.  And it was COLD!  There were just three tables occupied at 7:30, each with its own server so we had plenty of attention. 
It's not for me but my friend loved it.Food was excellent and fresh. We had the fried oysters and the crab and sausage hand made noodles. The flavors were exciting, exotic and fresh. Definitely would go there again!I tried Maypop last night and enjoyed it. I like that they have mocktail options, perfect for pregnant women like myself. For an appetizer we had the crispy fried oysters, which I highly recommend - they have a nice spice to them. For my entree I had the wok tossed ramen, also good but didn't wow me like I expected. The dark chocolate cardamom cake with espresso ice cream was divine, although quite rich. Definitely an interesting menu, and our service was excellent.Outstanding restaurant in the CBD.  It has a great vibe to the room and service is on point!  The dishes pack flavor and are very fresh!  This is a great fusion restaurant that can't be missed.  I'm only in NOLA for a few days, but already planning another meal here.This is, hands down, the best culinary experience in Nola right now. Fusion is no longer a hot word but chef Michael Gulotta has achieved it here impeccably. Nearly every dish is a masterpiece of composition, borrowing from Italian, Asian, and southern flavors and techniques. The sauces are divine and just wash over you with layer after layer. I'm a pretty good home cook and usually I can deconstruct how a chef put together their flavors, but with Maypop I swear it's culinary magic. Best of all, none of the food is stuffy or overwhelming. I usually go for lunch for its unbeatable value. (Dinner is noticeably pricier.)
I've sampled quite a few of the hot new restaurants around the country (Seattle, Boston, NY, etc.) and I'd take Maypop over most of them any day.We went here totally by chance and were amazed. The menu and restaurant theme is a blend of Southeast Asia and southeast Louisiana and the two together are blended with great skill. The wait staff are personable and very knowledgeable. Excellent find!Service was great. Nice menu but not for vegetarians. The 1-2 dishes that look vegetarian or they can make veg are made with fish sauce. The brandy milk punch is excellent. It's a small glass though filled with ice. The chaat salad is tasty. 
Worth a trip.Didn't have a great experience. Should have read the menu better before as there is coconut in about 65-75% of the dishes, even the ones that don't advertise coconut (like the pasta (!) dishes).The fried oyster breading and the sauce was tasty but a few of the oysters were huge, I'm not someone who wants to chew on an oyster for a long time. The crab jumbo didn't taste like jumbo and it was way overly salted. I love salt so this never bothers me but I needed to return it. I had to find something else on the menu without coconut as I was still hungry and didn't want a big piece of fish, so they told me they would do the acorn squash without the spiced coconut milk. Unfortunately it was bland without the spices.Very friendly and helpful staff. Loved the savory wasabi beignet amuse-bouche. Great cocktails. The mint gelato was a perfect finish. Particularly loved that the chef paid each table a visit, great touch! Those tiny caramels delivered with the check .
Would definitely go back.Amazing meal and gem of a restaurant-if you are a local and have not tired this place  it is a must.  The fusion of
Flavors were delectable and so well balanced. The cured lemon fish with fruits had bright flavors and well fused. The octopus fusilli was cooked just right and a tartness from tomatoes and spice- such  a great combination.  For dessert- yes dessert is a must - I almost didn't look at the menu after such a great dinner. The waitstaff suggested the coconut and dark chocolate with avocado ice cream - I was ready for seconds! The chef has done an amazing job of adding Asian flavors to local ingredients. I lived in Singapore for years and this reminded me how well Asian flair can be fused to make an incredible menu.Delicious food, fun concept, great location, exquisite decor, fabulous drinks!
We went to Maypop on opening day and the food was fantastic!  We ordered:
Appetizer: Fried P&J Oyster plate
Mid course:Oyster Buccatini 
Entrees: Pork Belly and Red beans, Duck Confit
The dishes were so nicely done, this chef never disappoints and this concept of Southeast Asian food with Southern soul is so refreshing.  The drinks were fantastic, the cocktail and beer list is great!  
Location is great in South Market District, easy to walk to or take the streetcar for a fun ride!
The service was great, we did not want or wait for anything!  So exciting to have such a great experience even on opening day when you'd usually except some kinks!I had really high hopes for this place from all of the reviews and pictures but was GREATLY DISAPPOINTED. We ordered mostly from the dim sum menu and shared a black ink pasta dish from the regular menu which did not taste good at all. 
The dim sum was sub par at best. No flavor and the soup dumplings stuck to the cabbage in the steamer basket so they broke apart before I could even eat it. 
The server severely messed up my order so instead of having 4 orders of shumai ...... we had 8 ORDERS!!! Four come in one order SO WE HAD 16 OF THEM along with a bunch of other steamer baskets full of the other dim sum dishes. When we told the server and he just said "oh, I thought you understood" I asked to speak with a manager but they avoided my table and kept us waiting so long that we ended up just paying and left. 
What made it worse was we came during Mother's Day so this ruined my mother and aunts special day too. 
With the horrendous service and bland so called "asian fusion" food offered to me, this will be the last time I came here. Never again.Ah tried this spot when I was in Nola. SUPER impressed.  Friend oysters, salad, the 2 seafood dishes and the chocolate cake for dessert.  Also had the spicy tequila drink which was awesome.  Def recommendAttention to detail and incredible blend of tastes in all 3 dishes I had. One of the best places I've been to in a whileTommy did a great job introducing the courses and discussing the intricacies of the flavorful food. A great experience in a comfortable, hip venue.Maypop is a great addition to the Paramount/South Market selection of restaurants.  It is definitely more upscale than its building-mates - with beautiful floor to ceiling glass windows and a cool industrial decor.  Service is swift, there is rarely a big wait (at least for lunch), and the cocktails are fun - if a little on the light and fruity side.  The menu is a wild mix of south-east asian/south asian/and Louisiana and quite upscale.  Lunch entrees in the $15-20 range means that is not super cheap.  The food is excellent though - fun and creative.  My particular favorites are the fried chicken vindaloo and the lamb roti.  The vindaloo is fried and served with little strawberry slivers and a tangy sauce.  The roti is an assemble yourself adventure with melt in your mouth lamb and a fried egg.  Dinner is a little more pricey and last time I was there I found myself wishing portions were a little more generous for the price.  That being said - if you are treating yourself - know that you can probably handle a starter for yourself.Great, unique food. Tried several different items and loved them all.Nice touch that an appetizer arrived on the house. One negative, the waiter does not write down orders and had some difficulty remembering. Write my order down!!! I waited on tables through graduate school and not writing down orders was a skill I developed. Until you develop that skill, write my order down!This place was a pleasant surprise.  Everything was delicious and the staff was so friendly. We found this place by chance and we're so happy we did.I was so impressed with the deliciousness of the Wok Fried To Le's Tofu in Dry Curry that I came back the next day for lunch and had it again! Go here. The food is really tasty and the dishes are unique. An overall excellent food experience.Maypop is so new that it wasn't very crowded the evening we went and after I tasted the food, I was VERY surprised more people aren't rushing to this amazing restaurant! We started with the Crispy Fried P&J Oysters, Bibb Lettuce Chaat Salad and Cured Speckled Trout. Artful presentation and an amazing explosion of flavors! Suffice it to say the whole meal was like this and they have outstanding cocktails! This place will be in the James Beard Annals before long so go there now before New Orleans really discovers this delightful gem.Best ever! New fond favorite. Great service. Food is memorable! Wish I had a restaurant like this nearer to meAmazing dining experience. If nothing else come so that you can have the delicious house made caramel you get when you pay! Also very close to the Hyatt if you're here for a conference like I was. 
They start you off with a small bite from the kitchen - mine was a beignet with a wasabi foam mayo. Such an interesting blend of flavors. 
The happy hour menu has steam buns. I ordered the shrimp and thought it was delicious but was told by the couple sitting next to me to order both because the chicken is even more flavorful. 
For a main be sure to try the tuna served over grits. Honestly I'd order this just for the charred okra served with it. Very tender tuna with a delicious blend of flavors. 
The service was amazing, and I went over happy hour and found the price to be very reasonable for the HIGH quality of food I got.Dim Sum Sundays!
We came for their Dim Sum Sundays served during lunch! I was quite taken on the interior design, very impressive. It wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately. If you never had dim sum, normally its served on carts of food pushed around and you can select what you like. However, this was a new take on dim sum. We tried just about everything on the "Dim Sum" menu.
Dim Sum
*Pork & Cane Syrup Sausage Stuffed Sesame Balls
*Salt & Pepper Shrimp with Roasted Chilies 
*Egg Battered Fried Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls 
*Turnip Cakes in XO Sauce
*Octopus Shumai (highly recommend)
Dishes
*Charred Oyster Bucatini (recommend)
*Charred Lamb with Roti
Drinks
*Mimosa 
*Espresso Sua Da 
Cons - I was quite disappointed because most of it was fried... I was hoping for some meat wrapped in flour noodles or fresh sautéed veggies. So if you're looking for traditional dim sum this isn't it. Also, I'm vietnamese and "Sua Da" is our traditional coffee made with espresso & condensed milk - very strong and a tad sweet. We ordered two of them and were left completely disappointed - it was very watered down and flavorless, the opposite of what it should be. 
Pros - The Charred Oyster Bucatini, Octopus Shumai, and Turnip Cakes were extremely delicious! Don't be afraid of the Shumai, the octopus was tender and flavorful!
Overall, our server was knowledgable of the menu and very attentive. The atmosphere and service was exceptional. I would come back to try other dishes but not particularly for Dim Sum.I loved the food. The service was phenomenal. I went with a group of 3 other ladies, and we were taken care of by entire staff. Such an incredible experience. Do yourself a favor and get the oysters and the cardamom cake. Phenomenal!Wow.... not sure how to explain this place..... I didn't understand half of the things on the menu and our waiter was amazing to explain everything for us.  The food was so good and different it was truly a hidden secret.Maybe my tastebuds were off when I went here, but the food was a bit salty.
This is one of those places you will pay $18 for a small portion of food. Staff was friendly.
It's a modern take on Thai food and the restaurant is modern, full of hipsters and people in their 20's. 
It's a cool and hip place, but not if you are by yourself. Good date place