Okay let start by saying that "for New Orleans", there's no other place like it. It's Colombian. Not Mexican. (Which sways towards cheesy and TexMex) This place is what you'll find in Miami, New York, DF or Cartagena.
The decor is chic yet earthy. I can even go as far as saying that I see a reflection of myself in the ambiance.
Now let's talk about the food. I'm not one to give a great assessment on what Colombian should be but I liked it a lot. I had the arepa sampler and the chorizo arepa- both which I devoured. Each arepa had its distinct taste and I wanted more. My only drawback of the whole ordeal was that I so know arepa to Colombians, as is what hot dogs are to Americans, or tacos to Mexicans. For an appetizer and one arepa I paid $30(tip not included) and to me, that's "fine dining" prices. The rock in my shoe was that those plaintain chips served as a side item to the arepa, were unmistakably "Zambos plaintain chips"(cheap Honduran bag plaintain chips). I don't have a problem eating them but for $13 an arepa I'm definitely being ripped off. Please slice and fry me a real plaintain chips, don't cop-out with the cheap stuff! That arepa plate served as is should be no more than $9-$10. It wasn't filling at all-for Colombian street food this place is a little steep. If another place opens up that serves the same with lower prices, you guys are gone-pecan.
Other than that, this place is solid. If you're thinking about going, please try it out. Worth going once.date night with the wife... and this place delivered. 
the bartender even cranked out a couple non-alcoholic, fresh and fruity concoctions for my pregnant wife. that is enough for a couple stars right there before we even eat. my caipirinha's were traditional and delicious. 
on top of that, the food was on point
these areapas are incredible and creative. sauces were well defined and the apps were delicious. the wait staff is patient and attentive. very well rounded but simple menu
i would definitely come back.I haven't been back here as I live out of state, but wanted to add to my prior review that EVERY time I open yelp I think that this restaurant is the best I've been to in my entire life, and I've travelled quite a bit both in the US and internationally.  If yelp would only allow me one five star review it would be given to Mais Arepas. Literally THE BEST.We just returned from Mais Arepas; it was our third trip.  The first two times we tried, the place was inexplicably closed, despite being well during their posted open hours.
Tonight, a busy Saturday evening, the place was filled and in bedlam.   The poorly trained wait-staff was upset, because the number of arriving diners was exactly equal to the available seating for dinner.
Finally, we got ourselves seated at the only available table / bench.
The food was surprisingly good, and like nothing else around here.  We had the beef "taco", the pork belly "taco", shrimp ceviche, & their signature grilled corn dish.
Wait-staff is CONFUSED !  limited beer selections are not really cold.     On-street parking, carry your gun.
I had to point-out that they had undercharged me on "la quenta"; this upset them more.
Anyway, this place has real potential in our search for non-Italian Creole food here in New Orleans.
Try it;  but at your OWN RISK !
RickOut of all the places to eat in New Orleans, Maïs Arepas is our very favorite!  
The most recent visit we enjoyed the Yuca appetizer and Fanny Arepas. Both are unbelievable delicious!
The red sangria and mint mojito were our drinks of choice that evening, and they were some of the best we have ever had!  
Our waitress was very attentive and that was very appreciated by our table. 
Can't wait to come back!!This place is fantastic! Started off dinner with the street corn which was out of this world good. The sauce they use on the corn is a whole different level. For my entree I went with the chorizo arepa and it was fantastic. The flavor combination was delicious from start to finish. And to top everything off the plantain chips dipped in the leftover corn sauce was divine. I'd never had Colombian cuisine before but after Mais Arepas, I am definitely a fan!This is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. Very unique and different foods. My only complaint is that the service is horrible every time that I do go, but totally worth it bc of how delicious the grub is.We ate here before going to the 311 concert because it was a pretty quick walk from our hotel and the reviews seemed to be consistent.  I'm glad we decided on this place because it was awesome! The food was amazing and the service was great.  We got the empanada appetizer, which was really good.  There were three of us and we all got different arepas and we were all very happy with our choices.  I don't think you could wrong with anything on their menu.  The portions were very filling and I probably shouldn't have cleaned my plate, but it was too good not to.  I highly recommend this place and will be dreaming about the food for awhile.  Check it out if you are in town as a tourist and if you live there, consider yourself lucky to have such a great place to eat whenever you want!!The food is bursting with flavor! My favorite was the corn on the cob, the sauce and cheese makes for an interesting but tasty flavor. The restaurant is clean and we were greeted immediately. However, it took them awhile to refill our drinks and bring the ticket.Colombian food! Been looking for this for a while! This place is amazing. Food is very flavorful, cooked to perfection. We had the cerviche, empanadas, cerda arepa, and chicharepa. Along with the flan and tres leche desert. AND we even got a take out order of the bandeja paisa. Everything was just awesome!! The reason for the 4 stars was the slow service. We felt like the server forgot us and remembered when she saw that we were finished eating. Would definitely come back!! This is a MUST try!! I don't think you'll find anything close to this for Colombian food!The food is good,  but not for couples tried on three occasions and even at opening time still had to wait an hour for a table for two.    My last attempted visit I just gave up and walked down the street to 14 parishes restaurant.  Wish they had a better seating.  Make a reservation at least two days in advance is what I was told for dinner but you good for lunch.  Good luck!Delicious arepas and a great ambiance. Dishes would benefit coming with a side but otherwise a good deal, too.One of my new favorites in New Orleans!!! The corn is amazing and the arepas are as well! If you plan visiting on a Saturday go early because they will be packed.Wow! I've had my share of Arepas, and this place just put them all to shame. Absolutely incredible! Me & my girlfriend went in for lunch today (which they are usually closed on Mondays, but today was an exception) thankfully, and an even better plus they're having an all day happy hour. We started off with the ceviche, as well as the Maiz (corn on the cob with a spicy aioli sauce, and cotija cheese). Total Nirvana. For our entrees we had the carnicera arepa (grilled skirt steak, sweet plantains, beans, avocado) as well as the chicarepa (pork belly, avocado purée).  Fresh cocktails, friendly staff, just a really great place. It's just what a restaurants supposed to be.  See you soon Mais!Ok I went back! It was good and the service was not absurdly bizarre. I like also that they have vegan options. You have done a lot of growing up and I am so proud of you!The corn on the cob is delectable! The arepas are delicious, too. I had 2 glasses of sangria: the first was great, then the second was maybe made with old/sour wine???
Severely lacking alcohol menu. The decor is.......well, it comes across as very cheap.
I also think they have WAY too many plantain dishes.
I agree with some of the other reviewers: the food is a little too fancy, like they're trying too hard. 
The rigidity of the no substitutions policy is astounding.
Parking is a nightmare, and the restaurant is in a sketchy area.Holy crap this place is bomb.com everything I ate here was amazing!  The drink menu is small which lends to quality!  This place may be top 2 or 3 places I have eaten at in NOLA!1st time having authentic Colombian cuisine.
notable presentation - accented the lunch meeting
the chorizo arepa is both savory and smooth with a generous portion of mozzarella.
tre leche for dessert - along with genuine Colombian coffee 
(best tasting i've had to date that came out of a Mr. coffee machine).
... and the decor - stone cold straight up SoCal modern.
Michelle was engaging and well informed about the menu.
peace, purpose, prosperity (and mais arepas!)I just got back from a month in Bogota. I was not looking forward to more Colombian food, because skirt steak, arepa, corn, potato, avocado, and plantain got old. However, I must not have gone to the right places, because this Colombian food was delicious and full of flavor. (Note: The service, discussed below, was unacceptable, infuriating in fact.) Still, they only had 2 or 3 fruit juices, and jugos naturales were our favorite part of the Colombian diet. The juice I tried, passion fruit, was tasty but very thin. If you've been to Colombia, you know the juice is thick, liquefied fruit pulp, not watery as it was here. I was disappointed they didn't have guanabana, lulo, feijoa, mora, etc. - all typical fruits in Bogota and elsewhere in Colombia. The red sangria impressed my Mom. The empanadas were delicious, but the aji salsa was not at all spicy. Every aji I've ever had in Colombia has been very spicy, but this was "aji valluno," so there's a difference I guess. Still tasty, but without picante. Fresh, spicy aji was my other favorite part of Colombian cuisine, and at Mais Arepas they apparently don't make it. The arepa sampler was a delicious little appetizer. The maduros (sweet plantains) were good. The food was very good, and it's discussed better in other reviews. I decided to write this mainly because the service was so very poor. 
     The service was absolutely horrendous. Others have noted the family feel, the willingness of wait staff to explain the menu, but it was just the opposite for us. And it was a slow lunch shift on Saturday, with maybe 2 or 3 other tables, with not-large crowds, and our waitress ("Michelle" according to the bill, darker-skinned girl) avoided us like the plague. She never offered us refills on our juice/coctails, though she refilled our empty water glasses after a good 45 minutes (I don't exaggerate here). When we realized the arepa sampler was only the mini-arepas and wanted to order more, she was either nowhere to be found, or busy averting her eyes away from us each time we tried to give her the "we'd-like-something-more,-please" look. She was friendly to our faces, for the most part, but she was short with my Mom when she finally gave us the chance to add to our order and my Mom asked her about the arepas. Instead of giving us any description of the food, she interrupted my Mom and brusquely said, "Let me just get you the menu." We had already tried to no avail to get her attention in order to review the menu again for at least 15 minutes. Note again, the place was relatively empty. We couldn't get the check, and rather than ask/bother her for a to-go box, we were going to carry the food out on napkins. This girl did not sound Colombian - her English had no detectable accent. The other girl, who did look typically Colombian, also seemed to avoid eye contact with us. Now, the service in Colombia is slow because it's not tip-based, but this was really 5 times worse than any place I ever went to in Colombia. And she was not polite, as the waiters always are in Bogota. Not only was she slow, but she was pretty cold toward us, though she was clearly trying to feign interest. I think she must have been new or having a rough day, but the place was not busy at all!!! 
     So, to summarize the service element: we never were offered refills on drinks; we waited a terribly long time, not only to order more food, but to get it; we couldn't get the check when we wanted (nor even 12 minutes after we wanted it); and even after she FINALLY offered a to-go box (as we were almost out of our chairs headed out), we had to wait about 3 minutes for her to box the food (2 arepas put in a box, not a lengthy process.) Mind you, the restaurant was closed at this point (they close at 2:30 in the afternoon for a few hours) and it was very, very slow at this point. There's really no excuse for being so deliberately and visibly slow. I have worked in the service industry, so I usually side with wait staff, but this girl was so unfriendly (albeit in a (poorly) concealed fashion) and so unconcerned about us. I really just wanted to get our food to go, just so I could get away from her and stop being angry. 
     The food is great, if overpriced, though no spicy aji and no great, thick, delicious juices. (But if you've never had it, I guess you wouldn't miss it.) If I go back, it will be take-out, and we'll expect it to be ready in 2 hours minimum, even if it looks slow in there.Loved this place! Staff was very welcoming and friendly. Restaurant was very clean, dishes were all presented very nicely and the food was just awesome! Definitely recommend a visit.I can't tell you how much I love this place. My husband has one simple rule, we only go to a restaurant once because there are so many great places to try here in New Orleans. Fortunately, the food gods were smiling down on me, as I got to go here a second time. OOooh yum! You must get the corn on the cob, Maiz De La Rueda. Oh man, the sauce on its own is so delicious. I had the Reina Arepas. Oh, it was to die for. The portions are large, so you only need one arepa per person. I must add that the margaritas are absolutely delicious too! This place is so good that I may sneak back hubby free!We were visiting New Orleans for the first time and Yelp and a few suggestions from the staff at the hotel we were staying at suggest Mais. We hopped on the tram and found it after some walking and we were not disappointed. Atmosphere is amazing and we got seated quickly although there were many parties waiting. 
The waitress suggested the lemonade to drink and some of the street corn for an appetizer. We almost ordered seconds on the street corn because it tasted so good! And the arepas were just as good! Fresh ingredients and amazing wait staff made this an amazing experience that we will definitely return to when we are in NOLA again!I had lunch there yesterday. Just 2 of us and the place was very empty at 1 pm. Our waiter was very good and friendly and the food was very good. We shared the Chuzos, 2 skewers, one of marinated skirt steak, peppers and onions, the other, chicken done the same. Delicious! My friend had the Arepas Marinera and I had the Reina. Both were excellent. The prices are a bit high, but, where else can one get arepas in New Orleans? Delightful place and I do recommend it.Acabo de regresar de Bogota despues de un mes alli. La comida colombiana nos parecio relativamente sencilla, y rapido se volvio aburrida. Comer papa, arepa de maiz, carne de res, platano, y aguacate todos los dias le hartaria a cualquiera que no se acostumbra a ello. Sin embargo, este restaurante hizo que la gastronomia colombiana llegara a su plena potencia: estuvo sabrosisima! Pero ojo: no hay aji picante, o sea que el "aji valluno" que se nos sirvio si tuvo sabor pero sin NADA de picante - lo que realmente me resulto una pena. Ademas, el jugo de maracuya (fruta de la pasion) que se me dio fue una verguenza de calidad en comparacion con lo espeso y delicioso (con puro pulpa licuada) que es el jugo natural tipico del pais. No llevan variedad de jugos, pero bueno, de pronto las frutas colombianas no se consiguen aca facilmente, incluso en estos dias? 
El servicio estuvo tan malo que buena estuvo la comida: pero PESIMO, y no exagero. La senora estuvo lentisima y muy grosera con nosotros (segun la cuenta, se llamaba "Michelle,"). Creo que no era colombiana, y eso espero porque si lo es, sera la primera colombiana grosera que conoci. Yo soy una persona paciente y he trabajado de mesero y en otros puestos similares, y tipicamente entiendo las dificultades de la profesion. Pero esta senora realmento se deshizo de nosotros desde el llegar. No nos atendio salvo despues de muchos ratos largisimos. Teniamos ganas de pedir mas comida, porque solo pedimos entradas, y cuando mi mama le hizo una pregunta sobre que tipos de arepas tenian, a mi mama la interrumpio brucamente, diciendo "dejame conseguirle el menu." Nada de "disculpeme senora," nada de "con permiso," nada de educacion - muy, pero muy grosera, y sin explicacion. Encima de eso, no habia casi nadie en el local; la mayoria de las mesas estaban vacias. Otra gente en este sitio de web dice que el personal es muy amable con los clientes, y que los meseros estan muy dispuestos a explicar y describir el menu, pero en vez de esto, nosotros encontramos una senora de mal genio o de no se que, quien nos dijo, efectivamente, que "miren el menu, no quiero hablarlos, ni atenderlos a Uds." Y para remate, tambien cuando (desesperados) finalmente logramos hacer contacto de ojos con la otra mesera, tambien nos esquivo la mirada y totalmente nos ignoro, y esto varias veces, como para decirnos: "Uds. no son mi problema." Que pena para el dueno de este restaurante, el cual si tiene una comida deliciosa, pero si el personal trata mal a los clientes, a fin de cuentas, no importa que tan buena sea la comida. 
Si vuelvo a gastar plata en Mais Arepas, sin duda sera en un pedido para llevar.Would get five stars if it was a little cheaper. That said, it's delicious! I got the mechada arepa (skirt steak/mozzarella) and the corn for an app. Passion fruit mimosa is also on point.
Last time, I got their standard arepa (forget the name, first one on the list), which is good, but I've had better. The mechada is awesome, though.
Great atmosphere and good service. Just a little too pricey.I had it while visiting New Orleans, and will be sure to visit there again for their sandwiches, which I believe is where they take their namesake from.I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. Fresh fruit cocktails and the arepas are delicious!Really good food!  Ceviche is the best I've had.Servers are excellent and very attentive.  The cleanliness of the restaurant as a whole is great. 
Food was great. The Mechada and the Cerda are really delicious. The plantain chips are good and fresh, but personally I don't think they make a great side offering. The empanadas are ok, but you will likely need some sauce sides because they run on the bland spectrum. The strawberry and regular limeade are wonderful!!
Keep in mind, their food is expensive for what it is. The Elotes are street food and cost about $1-$2 from a vendor cart whereas at Mäis Arepas it's $7. The arepas themselves have about $3-$4 worth of ingredients in them. Don't get me wrong, it's VERY good, but it's VERY overpriced. If their prices were more reasonable I'd give 5 stars.The Colombian style arepas sandwiches here are definitely a unique experience in the New Orleans dining scene.  I had the chicken and avocado which seemed very filling while being very healthy.  I really only got the taste of avocado and didn't notice a whole lot of chicken which with most sandwiches would make me grumpy but somehow the whole was greater than the parts.  I've been able to sample most of the other arepas and they have all been tasty and their liquor drinks are all done decently.  I've made several attempts to eat here when they are not yet open for their posted times so plan accordingly that they will often open late and close early.  Expect to have a much slower pace of most everything while here.I don't usually post reviews, but this place deserves it. The cerda arepa was incredible. Get it now.Se amable o vete. Colombian restaurant 1 block from St Charles. Easy ride on the street car.  good food and good service. We enjoyed ajiaco, a meal in a bowl. also shared flan Maracuya. delicious.
We are planning a return visit soon.
Enjoy.This is the best restaurant in New Orleans.  Amazing food, amazing drinks, amazing service, and amazing atmosphere.  I could eat here every single day!  Favorites are the mechada, carnicera, bandeja paisa, and raspberry mojitos.Maybe the best food I've ever eaten. We were in around 7 on a Thursday and were seated immediately even though the place is rather small. We started with the plantains, and I had the mechata- a skirt steak and mozzarella offering that included sweet plantains stuffed inside, and my fiancé had the pork belly. Literally amazing. The portions are generous and we both left both uncomfortably full and raving about the food. YUM.This is the best place for South American food in the Big Easy.  The corn is knock your Mardi Gras beads off good.  This is a great place to start the night with a picture of sangria, the arepas.Love this place. Allows me to indulge in my obsession with Colombian cuisine. Highly suggest!The most awesome dining experience. I have been trying to get to this place for over a year now. I was not disappointed. The service was excellent and very helpful explaining the menu. I ever got a Spanish lesson on how to pronounce things. The corn on the cob is a must!!! After eating the corn you'll need a soup to finish the savory sauce it is sitting in. I got the trio appetizer mini corn cakes. Don't miss out on the bar drinks - pineapple cilantro margarita was so outstanding I had two!!!! To finish off you meal the  tres leches cake was to die for!!! Can't say enough about this place - just go and see for yourselfCrazy good food and bartender Kevan makes a fantastic watermelon Rita. Not to mention we say at the bar and he was very attentive and friendly. We ordered two apps and two entrees and both fantastic.This is off the beaten path, but well worth the detour. The juice is fresh, the arepas are hot, and the beans and rice are delicious. The staff is helpful and goes above and beyond to make our lunch experience perfect.Due to delays with the St Charles trolley we arrived at the restaurant at 2:15, running the last two blocks to try to make it before they close at 2:30.  Despite there being several patrons still there, we were told l, rudely, that the restaurant was closed.  If the restaurant closes at 2:15, why do list that they close at 2:30? They must be doing very good business to turn away a family of five.  Not to mention the lasting ill will that this causes, and in fact causes reviews like this.  Not only would I not go back, I will try to dissuade anyone I know from going there.This is my favorite restaurant.  The flavors are so rich, there's really something for anyone's taste.  I highly recommend the Maïs de la rueda, (Mexican street corn inspired) , fried yucca with chorizo (salty but perfect), Mechada (slow roasted beef that has grandmas spices and super tender and juicy). The service is excellent and the seating is limited so make reservations or get there early. Warning: if it's busy they may decline a carry out order.Absolutely amazing food! The service was great. Our server was very attentive and helpful since it was our very first time here. We started with the corn which is to die for! I repeat, PLEASE do not pass on this corn. The flavor simply cannot be put into words, just try it! Our entrees were great too. I got the pork belly with a side of plantain chips which was good. The sauces on the side are what make it so great though! Overall, it was a great experience and I would love to dine here again!Great food good price 
Bring friends so you can share different foods
Good service 
Cocktails a home run
This place must get really busy make a reservationIt's so good, I almost don't want to let out the secret. Short list of my favorite things:
1. Absolutely delicious
2. Good prices
3. Great ambiance
... is there anything else, really?Excellent food and service! My sister and I randomly picked this place to eat and so happy we did.
Appetizer- maiz de la rueda- I never tasted this dish with the spice they used, very unique and tasty.
Main course-the carcinera aripa and the marinera aripa was excellent. The meat was tender and juicy.
 Dessert- tres leches for dessert-just the right amount of leche so that the bread wasn't too soggy. 
Everything was so tasty, plus the servers were all very hospitable. We left very full and happy:) highly recommendThe food is great!!  Even though reservations are encouraged they are not required. You may call and they may tell you they have no more tables that is just simply not true. Walked in on a Friday night without a reservation after they told us no more room. They say us right a away. If all else fails the bar has 9 stools to sit at.We found this place from our Lyft driver. So ask for suggestions from them they will give you great places to go try if it's your first time in the city. We ordered to go. But the restaurant is very chic and friendly. I ordered the aborrajados and the medchada. I was very satisfied. Will come back the next time I'm in town.The best Colombian food I've ever had!! Will definitely go back if I'm ever in Nola again.This restaurant is fantastic and should be on your short list of places to try. We started with an appetizer sampler which I would highly recommend. The pulled chicken, pork and beef were amazing and I could have enjoyed this as a meal itself.  For an entree we did a daily special and it was a perfect. Beans, rice topped with a fried egg, grilled meats, plantains, avocado...I know, I made you hungry. Go!My very favorite restaurant in the city. The service is phenomenal and the FOOD. Omg get the Cerda with the pink sauce. It's the best, I promise. Also get the corn app and a fruity mojito. yum yum yum.Started with the Arepas sampler and if those weren't amazing enough the Cerda Arepa and Ajiaco (chicken potato) soup was the best! Great atmosphere and music. Ambiance is always a plus! This place had everything! Def. coming back!The drinks were good, the food was good too but probably won't go back because the wait was so painfully long. Get a reservation instead. Very small inside and hard to hear over the music.Great place that is worth the wait and make sure to have a mojito while you wait! Make sure to call and make a reservation.Wow. I have only had arepas once before in NYC and I was blown away then. I was also a little 'in my cups' at the time. I'm happy to say I achieved both those things at Mais during my visit. The arepas were a perfect portion size and well constructed. I mean, the flavors were matched and balanced well and the sandwich, while overstuffed, could be picked up if you were determined. 
Besides that, the drinks were fantastic. We had some sort of special while we were there. It had fresh juice and was a little spicy. I don't remember exactly. 
But, to me, not remembering the details is the mark of the best sort of restaurant. The quality is high and consistent. You can't go wrong so you don't have to squirrel away what went right. There are few "international" restaurants in this town that I feel compare to my experiences in the Northeast. But this one leaves absolutely nothing to be desired.I haven't had food that was so flavorful in a long time! Each thing I ordered had a different but equally yummy flavor! Loved everything we ordered! Will visit this wonders place again! And the servers and employees all greeted me with a smile when I came in it was very refreshing to see people happy at their work place!Really lovely waitress, great ambiance, great food. Get the corn!!! Also plantains are deliciousHum hum hummm... this place has amazingly tasty food! 
We started with the Ceviche de Camaron. It was one of the best ceviches I've ever tasted. It was tangy and sweet; the right balance of flavors. 
The Yuca Frita was also very good and cooked well. I discovered the guasacaca sauce which was delicious!
I had the Mechada arepas and my husbad had the Pollo Grilliao one. Great balance of flavors on both. Even the drinks were great! The service was on point! The ambiance was smooth and relaxing. 
The waiter forgot one of out appetizers but even that didn't change the great experience. Will return next time I'm in NOLA for sure!
It's a nice break from all the Cajun food around.Excellent!!! Everything was great, from our waitress to the food. It is a bit small in there and they have small seating in the back by the kitchen which is a bit uncomfortable but other then that great place to eat and visit. I had the mixed berry margarita and it was EXCELLENT. The food was excellent also. I had the michado arepa, highly recommended!The best arepas ever!! Yum yum yum yummmm! 
Their drinks are also very refreshing and delish!
The ambience is chill yet lively! 
The service is amazing! The staff is very attentive,  first-class, and thorough. 
It's a sensational place to dine.
Recommend it highly.I've never had arepas and these were a great introduction. Also, the grilled corn was the star of the meal. Delicious!Great ambience. Wonderful selection of tapas that were all delicious. We had mais, ceviche, and skewers of chicken and beef with chimichurri sauce that was to die for. Only advice: turn off the tv. The game show, although muted, really clashed with the Colombian music and art. Would go there every week of I lived in NOLA!I have been waiting to try this place for a while since i first drove by a few months ago and read about on eaternola.com. Finally opened! Couple things as they're still in the starting phases:
1.cash only - may be credit card by time you go but just ask and be ready to pay cash
2. They do have wine available but no liquors yet
3. It is in an up and coming part of town. May want to try for lunch first but don't let that keep you from going for dinner. Plenty of parking around in front of restaurant. 
We tried the fried plantains with mozzarella cheese very good. Was hoping it would come with more for the price but was filling and yummy. I would order again, but there's so many other appetizers I want to try.
Also tried the mechada arepa with shredded beef, plantains and mozarella cheese. Love! Very filling and hearty and perfect for a cool day. 
Last we tried the pork belly arepa. I liked the flavor of the sauce on it and the arugula? The pork belly was tasty but it was just a little too chewy fat for me. I kind of wish they sliced it thinner and fried it up longer so it would be crunchier but that's just my preference and prolly not very authentic.
All in all it I would definitely go back again. They have some huge platter that has a bunch of different items on it that I'd like to go back and share with my husband. 
The atmosphere is pretty cool and funky and look forward to seeing what their cocktail menu will entail.
Will be back with friends:)I had been wanting to try this Colombian restaurant for a while because its walking distance from my New Orleans apartment, and I'm so glad I did. For appetizer, I had the Maiz de la Rueda, which is grilled corn on the cob topped with cotija cheese and a butter sauce. Delicious. I've never had anything like that. For my entree, I had the Pollo Gilliao, which is grilled chicken served between two cornmeal cakes, sorta like a dinner sandwich. And for dessert I had the Flan. These three courses came to $29.84 before taxes and tip. A good meal, in a casual (you can wear shorts), dim-lit setting, in the up-and-coming neighborhood of Central City. I especially liked the authenticity of the food. According to my server, there were numerous Colombians eating in the restaurant, speaking Spanish with their servers. I've found that when natives frequent a restaurant offering ethnic cuisine, it's usually a good sign.This place is amazing! This small spot near downtown is authentic and delicious. Brought to you by the people of Baru (on magazine street), they've done it again. Pricey but well worth it. The staff is friendly and the location is nice. Such. Great. Food. Fresh and flavorful. Put this one on your list!This place is awesome! I had never heard of Mais Arepas before a friend recommended we eat there last weekend. They have several unique drink options. I had the mint mojito, and it was great. I tried some of my friends' order of the Maiz de la Rueda, and it was fantastic, especially the sauce it comes with. For my main course, I had the Mechada Arepa. I was concerned at first that it would not be enough food, but it was very filling. They also have some great vegan options. Everyone I was with was very impressed with their meals. I definitely plan to go back here in the future.We were visiting from NYC. Didn't know where to go for food without shells (shrimp, crawfish, oysters etc) in New Orleans - my husband is allergic. Although I'm not allergic, I'm just not a big fan of the sea creatures myself. We were on the hunt for good, authentic Spanish food that wasn't tacos. Luckily, Yelp helped us find this place. We got there before they opened and waited in the car until they did. It was worth the wait. The food was ssssssooooo good. I had the shredded beef arepa with sweet plantains and added both the chimichuri sauce and the pink sauce (mayo-ketchú if you're latino; this place uses fresh tomatoes instead of ketchup). I also asked for a side of avocados to put in the arepa pocket. The mix was heavenly. My husband had a similar arepa, but his had beans - please note their beans have pork. My husband really liked it, but I don't eat pork, so I took his word for it. For the kids they made a simple plate of rice and grilled chicken - not on the menu. That was very kind of them. Oh! And they made fresh limeade with less sugar for the kids. We liked the place so much, we returned on the last day of our vacation. Thank you, Mais Arepas!You've just got to try this place. I can't believe I waited so long to try it. We got the delicious yucca and chorizo appetizer. I don't remember which arepa my boyfriend ordered, but I had the mechada arepa. It was so freaking good, y'all! I loved this place and I will be back VERY soon! You gotta go!As a Colombian, this is the best Colombian food I've tasted in the US. Is a must go for everyone!Absolutley DELICIOUS! We wanted a change of the usual cajun southern fare... The place is hip, well decorated, service was great and the food was presented beautifully!!! We can not wait to come back here, this has moved up on my NOLA must places to eat!!! We had the Mais corn, the veggie arepa, yucca with chorizo and the chicken soup! Perfect amount of food ! The cocktails were fresh and flavorful!The corn is awesome sauce! I'm from California and I always wait for the elotes man to buy corn, and these half corn cobs give me nostalgia, but with better flavor!! The Mechada was very flavorful! I highly recommend this place!BLUF:  Updated review:  Still amazing.  I'll go back anytime and would give it 6 stars if I could.
Huge fan.  Awesome atmosphere in a good neighborhood.  This place has gotten popular so it takes a while.  Make a reservation if you can.  The staff was great at keeping us updated since they were so slammed.  Great staff.
We started with the yuka (like a potato) and choriso app.  it was really good with an interesting sauce.  (Update: just went back and got the fried plantains with mozzarella and it was pretty good but needs something else to give it a kick.  also got the ear of corn appetizer which was amazingly good.)
3 of us each got a different arepa.  i got the pork one and it was amazing.  huge too. very well priced in my opinion.  these arepas are definitely not standard arepas from south america.  they are served open and stuffed with a crazy amount of stuff.  very very good.  it would be hard for me to order anything different but i am sure everything there is good. a buddy got the soup which he really liked.  soup aint my thing though.
When i went back my sis got a tuna arepa and it was a nice lighter version of their arepas. I got the chorizo this time and it was out of this world.  
i really liked this place and cant wait to go back.Went early on a Friday eve, sat at the bar...service was spot on.  Drinks were great, all made with fresh fruit which I truly appreciate!
Had the corn...ate both cobs and sopped up the remaining sauce with plantain chips from the amazingly delicious fish arepa plate I had which was a special that night.  I only hope you can try it.  I wanted to try more dishes but was so full.
I will come here again and will tell my friends.What a hidden gem. The food is amazing and beautifully presented. Drinks were great. Service was excellent as well.This place has been bookmarked to go visit for quite a while and I finally got a chance to try it out last week when I came to visit my boyfriend in NOLA. 
We came during dinner time on Wednesday. We were told that there was going to be a wait but we didn't mind since we weren't too hungry. There was a party of 5-6 people in front of us but I guess they decided to leave since the wait was long? Which was good in our case since we got seated shortly after.
We had some trouble deciding what to eat since we have never tried Columbian food before. Thankfully the waitor kindly explained popular options on the menu for us.
We ended up ordering the Main De La Rueda which is similar to elotes as an appetizer. We had read some yelp reviews earlier that night and were under the impression that we were going to be served 4 corn on the cobs, but much to our disappointment we were only served 2! Nevertheless, it is worth a try if you really like corn. Unlike traditional elotes, this one had less of a creamy taste and had more cheese. 
My boyfriend decided to go for Carnicera arepa for his entree. He liked it a lot and I liked how the plantains and steak went well together. 
I ordered the Chicharepa since I love pork belly. This one was cooked up to be very crispy so that's a bonus! It was a little difficult to eat since the pork was practically spilling out of the arepa, but my boyfriend happily ate the ones that fell out. 
The entrees took a while to come out for some reason so I would not go here if you are looking for some place to eat quickly. I think it's because everything is made fresh and it was quite a busy night. I did notice another table that had been there for a while without any food but they could have just been taking their time to talk and relax after a meal. 
We ordered dessert at the end. We could decide which one to go with so we ordered both of the ones offered on the menu. The tres leche was good and flavorful. The texture threw me off a little bit though since it kind of felt like I was biting into a dry, wet sponge but the taste made up for that. We also ordered a flan expecting there to be a caramelized syrup, but we were pleasantly surprised with more of a mango, passion fruit type sauce that was served with it instead. If you are thinking of having dessert, I would lean more towards the flan! 
Overall, I would definitely come visit again. Although it was a little bit pricy, it's an appropriate spot for a date. I hope to try the Fanny the next time I come in!Although the food served here is not authentic Colombian; it is very good. The fruit juices are delicious, the mazorca appetizer is to die for (if you like "spicy/lemony things) and the arepas are delicious. I have eaten here 4 times(3 for lunch and one for dinner) , and the food has been really good. The service is OK, not superfast of super-friendly, but acceptable. it is a little pricey. I hope they don't keep rising the prices, otherwise they will drive customers away.My friend has been wanting to try this place for awhile now. I never been to a Cuban restaurant before and didn't have high expectations.  However, everything I had was superb!! The mojito was probably the best one I have ever had. Very sweet and fresh but then 10min later you really start to feel the rum. The waitress was very helpful with her suggestions on the menu. I'm not even sure what we had we just took whatever she recommended and it was delicious. We will be back!!You may wonder about Arepa but until you try it you don't know and you will be hooked. 
Cool place in the lower garden. 
It is amazing.Great food but horrible service. The waitress name gaby, was not friendly or helpful.I feel like this is one of the best hidden gems in the city. Everything on the menu is delicious. Unlike anything in the city, so unique and scrumptious! Have to order the corn!!!! Margaritas are rockstar tooThe food was pretty good. We shared the sampler and each had an entree. They give a good bit of food. That was definitely more rhan eniygh food for both of us. The service was also good.