A truly poor example of McDonalds. Wrong orders consistently, undercooked food, and a staff who seem to be seriously inconvenienced by the people who dare to stop by for a bite to eat.Busy McDonald's, but fast workers.  Fast food, and hard workers cleaning the front.  It is quality food, and fresh here.  I noticed bad reviews in the past, but they must have new management.  The managers were hard at work just as the crew.  They never got backed up and kept the ball rolling.  I highly recommend this location on canal street.  It is convenient to many public business like VA and the new not so fancy Waffle House.I visit this mcdonalds because its the closest place near my job or for breakfast. I have ran across some nice workers here but the problem is that as soon as u start your order and say the first item u want..they proceed to say "okay drive up please" without asking "is this all for today?" Like any normal person would say.. Other than that I like coming to this mcdonalds for it to be on Canal.I used to live right around the corner and never came to this McDonald's.  Now I remember why.Fail! Complete incompetence. Ordered the new chicken tenders and was told I couldn't have them because they would have to cook them. So I ordered a burger. Of course, it was ice cold. I guarantee that any of these useless waist of oxygen mouth breathers working here would have thrown a fit if someone treated them like that.Need a Wendy's in this area ! Can't remember the last time I was pulled up and parked for food there and the service is better. However on the bright side though, Chrishelle is the only smiling employee in the drive thru. She's upbeat and tries hard to be pleasant with the customer. So kudos to her. She should be a manager.Average. Just what you'd expect of a McDonald's. Nothing fancy, no frills. Just fast food to dine in or take out. Good in a hurry. Good if you have kids and want to grab something to shut them up when they begin crying about how hungry they are. There are apples in the Happy Meals for the wee ones. Great a couple times a week. But not a place you can "LIVE" on "Everyday" but a good treat for sure!!!!!!This McDonald's is fine beside the slow service. The fries are always fresh and the coffee is always good. The service is kind of crappy though.I went to go see Endymion, and happened to drop my ecig. So I went into this McDonald's to use the bathroom so I can clean my ecig, and the line was 30 minutes long just to use the BATHROOM. I know it's Mardi Gras the bathroom lines are going to long. But 30 minutes is TOO long to do one little thing :(  I had to go to Burger King and pay a dollar to clean my ecig.I am in NOLA for spring break and today I finally woke up in time for breakfast. After getting my cash back from Rite Aid I decided to treat myself to some Micky Ds breakfast. I figured a coffee, hash brown and a bacon egg and cheese bagel would help the hangover that was slowly taking over my body.
I got in the crazy long line that snaked around the store, confused as to why a "fast" food joint would have such a long line. Well after about 10 minutes the line hadn't moved because out of the two cashiers one  was standing at the register glaring at the customers and the other was playing with her hair. A little angry I asked if there was a problem with the register since neither of them seemed to know how to do their jobs - surprise, no response. After another 10 minutes it was almost my turn with only one order ahead of me. Two middle school kids were in line before me and the cashier refused to take their order and instead told them "go back to school and take your exams". I was shocked. I have never seen anyone refuse an order before. Little did the ignorant cashier know that they were also here on vacation and were sent in by their parents who were waiting in the car. Apparently the drive through line was longer and more stagnant than the one inside - hard to believe. They walked out empty handed. 
When it was finally my turn to order the cashier didn't say a thing and just stared at me. I said hello and she responded with a blank stare. Tired of waiting I told her my order. She wasn't listening and made me repeat it. I tried to order one of their breakfast meals without the coffee. She didn't seem to grasp that concept and gave me the coffee anyway. Instead of trying to correct my order I gave it to one of the homeless men who was waiting outside. 
I have never seen such poor customer service before. If you are in need of a fast food fix avoid the Canal Street Mc Donald's! Go to Rally's around the corner on Broad Street instead.wonder of wonders. from chaos to decent timely service. obviously a real on-premises manager has taken over and it shows. no more yelling back and forth between staff either. The negative, which I can live with, is that everyone is miserable and/or angry all of the time. No "may I help you?" (smile) or "number 904" (smile) instead just gruff and nasty. I guess we can only get one on the list - speed and organization will trump smiles and happiness?Although I've stopped going to this MickieD's I overheard friends of mine talking about the poor, slow service and the delapodated condition of the seating area. Although the franchisee spoke to me about my vist it appears nothing has been done to correct the lack of customer service training in the store. The group that owns theses franchises are doing the neighborhood kids a great diservice by not educating them in proper corporate edicate.Horrible service. Ordered iced coffee, was handed what looked like watered skim milk with a dash of coffee. After asking her what this was, she replied "oh cuz I added creamer in it". I asked her to see if she could maybe redo it with more coffee... that's when all hell broke loose and she slammed the drive thru window shut and caught her ass on fire. She made it, without ANY milk or creamer, now I am afraid to drink it. It's going in the trash.Ordered 2 FRESH DROPPED Filet O Fish...got 2 luke-warm fish. They corrected it by not giving me 2 FRESH DROPPED fish like i ordered but 2 RE-DROPPED fish! Like no one would know how double fried fish look or taste. I was so hungry i wolfed down one and un-bumned the other and took it back to the counter and told them what i thought and left.
Shoulda known it was gonna be a ghetto-mess when i walked in and 4 employees AND the manager were huddled around a cell phone looking at who knows what.
These are the people that want $15/hr just to screw up your meal and watch WorldStarHipHop ratchet videos when they should be getting the orders right!
Wish i could give a negative number of stars.God this place sucks. The service is usually horrible. Tonight the service wasn't that bad, but I ordered a 20 piece nugget and got 2 BBQ sauces instead of 4. Get your act together guys.After the flooding that hit New Orleans last night people had to pull off the road because the water was so deep. This McDonald's decided to have these people towed by a private company rather than the city. The city impound understood that with the flood waters not going down until after midnight some people would have to park and walk. If the car had been towed to the city it would have been free to get out. Because they decided to use a private company it was almost $200. I'd love to understand the thought process the manager had when they decided to do this.Worst customer service. All people works there talks like yelling. One star just coz you have to select one in order to post your review.Terrible terrible customer service. Went to the drive thru and the order taker was so rude!! 
Our fries were cold and the chicken nuggets tasted a few days old. But I guess for the price I'm paying for the meal, I shouldn't be expecting 4 star quality.Where to start ?  Tried walking into this Mc Donald's , however door was blocked by 3 guys who were smoking  a joint. I politely asked them to please move.  Okay. Got in. 3 people sleeping in the restaurant.  Ordered   Asked about the soda as there was a water boil advisory .  Employees had no idea !  ice cream , frappes, iced coffee and such wasn't available either .  Sat down to eat and a woman near us was swearing and started flinging her bag around running into my chair. I was frightened . Went up to tell an employee about what this place was like .  She sure didn't rush to find out what happened . Walked out but she did catch up to me.  I have contacted corporate multiple times. Why isn't this shut down .  It certainly isn't worth coming here. Safety should be the top priority.Probably my favorite McDonalds in New Orleans.  The freshness of the fries and buttermilk chicken sandwich actually make me feel as though I'm consuming fewer calories.This is the slowest McDonald's around. I frequently stop here as it's the closest to my house. Every time I just get comfortable and watch Netflix on my phone because after a night out it's the only thing open. Even if it's not late they take forever! It took 45 minutes one late night to receive my food after I had already paid. One night I asked what was the problem and they said they were short, people aren't staying to work. I looked in the window and could see horrible feedback to employees on the wall from my car. I wouldn't want to work there either. I barely want to eat there. I haven't received bad food yet but it takes as long as gourmet meal.Firstly, the restaurant is filled with children running around, cursing and being extremely disruptive. Secondly, the staff is not very friendly on top of the already roudy environment. And lastly, they gave me burnt food. The people behind the counter play around just as much as the people outside of it.This location is the absolute WORST. Consistently wrong with orders. Our 6/10/19 order: missing items, wrong drinks, wrong sauce for the nuggets. Not the first time they have screwed up. We will stay away for awhile and then come back, hoping maybe the management has changed. Today was THE LAST TIME. And these worker's want $15 an hour??  You're reading orders OFF OF A SCREEN! And you STILL can't get them RIGHT??This McDonalds is the worst McDonalds in America. For over a year I have tried to purchase a milk shake. Its on the menu however every time I request one the "machine is broken." I have stopped trying but my family still wants a quarter pounder or a fish filet occasionally. So the last time I ordered a meal that had a promotional sign that you could have a free apple pie with your order. I even asked at the window if the pie was in the bag. No pie. So this time I ordered again, seeing two promotional signs advertising free pie with large combo. This time I checked the bag, no pie. I requested two pies, one from the previous time and the one now. Very reluctantly, I was given one pie. The manager wouldnt speak with me. So I will never return to this MacDonalds - no matter how my family begs!Wish I could put a negative star for review. We literally just had the worst fries ever from McDonalds. I'm originally from California, and these fries bleed through the fry carton and the bag! I am so disappointed. All of the fries were soggy. Yo make it worst,  I've  tried to call back to let them know and they turned off all communication. It goes straight to voicemail. Worst service I have ever received from McDonald's. I am even going to stop my uber eats from them despite I've given decent food via the app. If you have the option, DO NOT COME TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Stopped here on a recent trip to NOLA. Stopped in about 10:30pm on 4/5/2019.
Received the most terrible service I've ever had! There was a mixup with our orders from an inexperienced cashier. The cashier had to keep calling the female manager over to help her void some items. Ok, that happens. We've ALL been new on a job (or bad at it-since I have no idea how long the cashier had worked there). That being said, I expected the manager, who was working the drive-through to come over to help after the second time needing to void an incorrect order. We we the ONLY customers inside.
At this point we'd been inside for 12-15 minutes getting our order corrected and re-done.The manager and the cashier went back and forth with each other for awhile, and the manager told the employee " I heard you put in their order wrong" to the cashier. I had to step in. "Why didnt you tell her to fix it then? Or correct her?", I said. 
The manager's answer...."Sir, she was the one taking your order...not me". WHAT? That statement alone has got to be the worst answer I've ever heard from any manager or customer service professional.As far as McDonalds go, the food is pretty much the same in every one.  However, I had the opportunity to go to this location on Saturday morning to pick up some breakfast sandwiches for the workers at my house.
Upon entering I observed an unhappy customer who was tring to get his order corrected.  He was confused about his receipt and IMHO had ordered incorrectly.  However, when he came inside, to straighten it out, things only got worse.  The casheir needlessly entered into a verbal altercation with him.  The customer was a little confused about his order and a little upset at the price of orange juice.  Perhaps he should have stayed home to eat.  Nevertheless, all the cashier had to do was refund his money as the customer had requested.  Instead, she began to speak in a loud tone so that everyone could hear her complain about the customer.
The icing on the cake was that the manager was standing right next to her the entire time and did NOTHING to de-escalate the situation or to try and satisfy the customer.  This was the worse case of restaurant management I have ever experienced.I know not to expect a lot from McDonald's but when we walked in the employees were fighting and I thought for sure it was going to come to blows. The trash was over flowing and every table was dirty. There were only 2 customers while we were there so unless there was a mad rush 5 minutes before there should be no excuse for such a mess. And this was at 6 pm.  Horrible overall experience.Went in for an Uber pickup and one of the staff made a racist stereotype comment." Uber pick for Din-yuan". I confronted her and she tried to play it off.  She refused to give me her name, none of the staff said anything because they knew she was wrong to start off.  But no one among the staffs got enough balls to tell her she was wrong?? That's a freaking joke, very unpleasant experience!Racist comment by possible manager wearing grey shirt. Not funny and completely inappropriate. No apologies from her nor the staff who witnessed it. Refused comment card and refused to give her name when asked. You should ALL be ashamed! Disgusting behavior.Very very poor customer service. Always takes forever to get your food. Seriously 5 guys is faster. At night they are ok with having you wait 20 mins after ordering. They should close this location. It's a bad representation of "fast food".Very disappointed in management. I ordered breakfast at 730am at this location. Started eating my food; I normally don't get dark drinks; but of course I wanted a strong drink. After drinking some of the drink; I notice a bug was inside the cup. Drove back to McDonald's spoke with the young lady in the window. The worker apologize and gave me a Sprite instead a manager asked the employee what happen then the manager stated oh ok and walked away. And we wonder why employees don't care about customer's food because they don't care.
 Please check your food before eating here.Worst ever!   Watched cars drive away. Got wrong order.  McDonalds needs to take their name off this ridiculous restaurant!12 people present, "working", wait 7 minutes to order. Restaurant cold (no heat on a 50 degree day), Food delivery over 10 minutes despite only 2 cars in drive thru.
Just rough.Poor customer service. Took forever to get food in the drive thru. Took 34 minutes. And once I got my food, it was cold.It was 3:00 and my daughter was jonesing for an after school nibble so we pulled into the nearest McDonalds to get her fed.  The drive thru line wasn't too long - maybe 6 or 7 cars ahead of us, so we filed in and waited.  And waited. And waited.
The guy in the car ahead of us drove away long before he had a chance to order so we moved up one in the queue and thought we were golden.  Then we waited. And waited. And waited.
Eventually we ordered and after a 20 minute wait we received her nuggets and fries. We assumed the line inside wasn't any quicker because we saw folks going in, but no one was coming out.
Her order was correct and the staff seemed friendly, it just wasn't "fast" food.Normally I would never place a review for McDonalds only because your interactions are quick but here goes‍. I ordered a sausage egg McMuffin for breakfast, arrived to work, inspected my food as I always do. When I removed the top of the McMuffin this  is what I .. I thought I was given a extra sausage, only to look closer it was the egg. I know you guys will not miss my business however, my hope is that you do right by your customers. Don't  take your customers for granted.The worst of any McDonald's I've been in. It's filthy , slow, and disgusting. Do not come to this McDonald'sYep this place is a joke.Simplelest order ever and get it wrong.No apology nothing.The pitiful ass manager offered no apologies just an attitude like i was an incovience to her.Yeah fast food workers deserve 15 bucks an hour lmao.I will give you 15 bucks if you can get my 2 plain hamburgers right.If you can avoid this McDonald's please do so. I would've given a zero star rating but that's not possible. I've been here countless times despite my better judgment and am continuously disappointed. In my most recent visit a drive thru breakfast order of two sandwiches and two hashbrowns took a total of 20 minutes. The visit before that I was told they don't serve breakfast in the afternoon despite the "all day breakfast" sign. When I mentioned the sign they proceeded to take my breakfast order. I can see why it's the country's worst rated McDonalds.I get it. It's McDonald's. My standards aren't unreasonable. We ordered and got the wrong food, explicitly asked for picante and a fork. No fork was given. Oh, and my breakfast burritos were meager as an understatement.They suck... at everything...unprofessional for drive thru. Waited forever for a simple nuggets order...nobody else was in the restaurant.This is the worst fucking McDonald's in New Orleans I ordered a 40pc chicken nuggets with a medium fry on DoorDash and it took 2 hours to get here mind you I stay literally 4 blocks away from the McDonald's...I was on the phone with the door-dasher and he said the line was long as fuck and it wasn't moving then when he got to the window the cashiers were rude as fuck.... Everybody on that nite shift needs to be fucking FIRED or close to whole fucking McDonald's and replace it with a Taco Bell, canes or something because this shit is ridiculous!This restaurant is the most poorly run business I've EVER encountered!!  - I asked to speak with a manager,  there were NO customers in the store and they sent the cashier back out to tell me they wouldn't even listen to my complaint !!! WOW - can we get yelp to add negative stars !!In their defense, I would hate working at a fast food restaurant in New Orleans too. Painfully clear that all the employees hate it here. Only reason it's two stars is that it's close to my house so I still go here a lot and get what I order, and there's an older woman who works the drive-thru overnight who must win Employee of the Month every month because she is fast, efficient, and extremely polite! She's the best!Literally the worst McDonalds ever and that is saying quite a lot. Randomly close hours early. Completely incompetent and inept at their jobs.This the worst McDonald's! There's nothing fast about this fast food restaurant. I waited almost 20 minutes for my order in the fast food line.I'm never really hungry for breakfast however, when I am I always happen to be in a rush. I'm not that good of a morning person when it comes down to preparation for my day. So when ever my body tells me I'm hungry, it's very rare.
I just so happen to pass up this McDonald's on my way to school, and not only did I wait in line for 22 minutes for a sausage biscuit. I wound up walking in, and waiting an additional 5 minutes to get my money back because I was so fed up. This place has the worst service ever!Terrible service. I was going to get a milkshake for a relative in the hospital who could only have liquids, I was told the machine was out of order and when I asked for a manager I was told they could not give me the managers name nor give me his name as he laughed while telling me this. This is unacceptable and pure laziness! If the machine is truly broken AGAIN- as it is every single time I've tried to get a shake or sundae then it's laziness on the management team for not having it properly fixed. The team members getting away with saying it's out of order is ridiculous as well.Came here on a Saturday morning about 9am. Not busy at all, but it took a long time to take my order, might have been a busy drive up day. Anyway, food was..... McDonald's.  
Same o. 
Same o. 
Tables were clean, men's room clean.Actually saw a worker drop their gum and put it back in their mouth and continued to use the same gloves. I decided not to order..The most disorganized McDonald's I've visited.  Waiting 30 mins on chicken nuggets.  It's not that busy and they are extremely slow and not doing their jobs or wearing masks, especially the manager.The other location tied with the broad st location for shittiest In the city. They are not in fact open 24 hours when no one wants to take any drive through orders between midnight and 6 am. Lazy ass workers.Traditionally, in New Orleans, on the Friday before Easter, we abstain from eating meat. It is with that intention the I decided to partake of my mid day meal at this establishment since I knew that they served at least some non meat foods.
When I entered through the side door of the restaurant I was not able to locate either the maitre 'd  nor a hostess. In fact I was not greeted in any way.  In establishments like this, you do not get seated at a table and have a server come to take your order and deliver your food.   Instead, you are required to wait in a cue to explain what foods you would like to a waitress at a counter.
You will not be given a menu to choose from.  The items that are available from the kitchen are displayed in large illuminated frescoes on the walls.  After I had made  my selection I cued up to place my order.  The gentleman in front of me was just receiving his  order and he was loudly explaining to the waitress that if his food was not prepared correctly that he would return to inflict some sort of bodily harm on the employees of the establishment.   I assume that since this is a holy time for both the Christian and Jewish religions, that he must be following some fairly strict dietary rules and that he would be greatly upset to find that his meal would cause him to suffer eternity in hell. For the sake of the employees I hope that the bread used to make his sandwich was unleavened and did not contain chametz.
Now it was my turn to order.   I tried to enquirer as to the species of the fish used to make their Filet ' sadwitch (oops.. typo there.. I meant to type sandwich, but it came out sadwitch) .  The waitress did not know and did not seem interested in bothering the chefs with my question.  Oh well,  I was hoping to enjoy a serving of fresh fried Louisiana catfish today, but I don't think that is what the fish of the day was.   I also choose to have an order of french fried potatoes with my meal.  I paid for my purchase and within a few short moments I was handed a sack with my meal inside.
My fish sandwich was tasty, though the bread was certainly leavened . Along with the (unknown species) fish patty and leavened bread, there was also tartar sauce and a slice of yellow film. The breading on the fish filet was certainly not matzo.  The fried potatoes were at first hot and delicious, but as they turned cold the began to have an odd chemical aftertaste.
All in, I will give this establishment a thee star review.  It was reasonably clean, the people were moderately freindly and efficient. The food was at least edible.
If it is a holy day and you want to be penitent, why not show your god you humble side by partaking in a meal at McDonalds.  It might not ensure that you get into heaven, but at least you will have some idea of what it might be like to eat in hell.First off fuck Yelp. But I'm so confused on how this places manages to fuck things up to the level they do. It's honestly amazing.This place is a total joke, even lower than what typically qualifies in the Banana Republic of New Orleans as "work." I place an UberEats order at 3:50, when it's still able to be placed, wait 50 minutes, call customer service for UberEats and listen to some person who can barely speak English tell me that the driver is in line at the drive-through (for 50 minutes?!?!). Then, twenty minutes later, I call again and another, even worse English speaker, tells me that the driver got to the window and was told, it's now breakfast only! Well, of course, it was an hour and ten minutes later! So much for fast food! Why did they accept the order if they weren't going to fullfil it??? Then, Uber Phone person tells me that the driver tried calling me several times, which is a total lie. No call came through on this phone.
Oh, and while I'm at it, if you're at a McDonald's in New Orleans, you will learn that there is a phrase far more popular than "Who Dat'", "Lagniappe," or "Throw me Something Mister." Any visitor to a McDonalds in New Orleans knows that the most popular colloquialism of this city is, "The shake machine is down."
Why even call yourself a McDonald's? Just label yourself a drug den and get over it because you're surely not serving food.Slow, uncaring, unprofessional. Half of them wearing their masks off their noses. Avoid at all costs. Been waiting 20 minutes to pick up an Uber Eats order. Avoid at all costs.So this morning I wanted a hot french vanilla coffe was told " the hot machine is broke" okay cool can I just get a ice coffee, I asked for a steak egg and cheese McGriddle oh we don't have steak at this hour it was 8am breakfast ends soon fine I just got a chicken McGriddle, with egg and cheese, and You had one job .No sides no napkins no drinks really management is a shit show .they are a crap fast food place don't care about thier management  
I don't want to order this place anymore 
Theirs food quality is bad everything is cold I'm sure everyone works for their paycheck 
It does not work that wayWorst service ever!!!!!!! No ice, no food waiting forever!!!! Never go there!!!! Seriously I could have had a 5 star meal before getting a meal!!! Sucks!!! Ducks!!!!Waited for an hour - no exaggeration here - in the drive thru line (maybe 6 cars ahead of me in line.)  When we finally got the food the order was wrong.  They said they would fix it but after sitting in the parking lot for another 15 minutes we left.  The lady who took our order was nice but everyone else was either totally unresponsive or rude.I've been working overnights for a year a couple of blocks away from this location and for a year I've had the same issues during the overnight hours from wrong orders to unfresh food. The whole staff from the managers to regular employees all are very unprofessional and rude. This is a good time to call the show undercover boss. I've spoken with this stores corporate office but nothing's changed. Maybe there just happy to have a high school near where the kids will pay for anything.A McDonald's Flowchart:
Did I just eat? --- NO --- Use Yelp to find somewhere awesome to eat
               |
            YES
               |
Did I just eat at McDonald's? --- NO --- Taco Bell is so proud
               |
            YES
               |
Did I just eat at the McDonald's on Canal? --- NO --- Congratulations
               |
            YES
               |
It's been 1 hour. Does my stomach hurt? --- NO --- Lucky bastard
               |
            YES
               |
It's been 3 hours. Am I on the toilet? --- NO --- Dodged a bullet
               |
            YES
               |
It's been 5 hours. Am I kneeling in front of the toilet? --- NO --- Stop bragging
               |
            YES
               |
Is my body ejecting all fluids through every orifice? --- NO --- I hate you
               |
            YES
               |
Am I going to die? --- NO --- Please let me die
               |
            YES
               |
Is there a Canal Street McDonald's in heaven? --- NO --- Heaven actually exists!!
               |
            YES
               |
God is an asshole.The worst McDonald's in the world I swear they should not be in business . they need to fire every body on every shift just throw the whole crew away n start over . They're food is always crappy n thrown together. Most of the food they serve at this location look old n warmed up in the microwave 
Don't EAT HERE especially for breakfast piss poor slow serviceRude employees, got my order wrong twice, left and realized they forgot one of my sandwiches, the whole place smelled bad, wet floors, and homeless people all throughout the McDonalds hanging out.
I've traveled all across the US/Europe and have never encountered worse service than I did today at this McDonalds. Truly terrible.So why does McDonald's hires such stupid people?
I went to this McDonald's this morning and wanted to get the breakfast burrito combo but substitute hashbrowns for an oatmeal. The girl told me no. And I know you can substitute because you can substitute anything. Particularly if you willing to pay for it. But I wouldn't have to pay for it considering I have done it so many other times because I do not like McDonald's hashbrowns because they're not salted.
Then I went to taste my tea after leaving the store already because when I asked the lady that was an unsweet tea she said yes, I go to taste it and it's a sweet tea. Very disappointed in this McDonald's this is the second time I have come here and I has gotten treated with laziness.Went to this Mickey D's for the second or third time today with my gf. It's a decent place as fast food chains go.. but for some reason.. they don't have water at their drink stations.. Is water now too fuckin expensive to where people have to buy the bottles?? I do not understand that.. Every other drink is one dollar.. but water.. water is two dollars... MIND FUCKEDI wish I could give this establishment 0 stars. The service is slow and very bad. They filled mcflurry only 3/4 of the way full and couldn't even get a simple order correct. I went here twice and both times it was the same. The cashiers acted like I was putting them out and treated me and my party with rudeness. However if you knew the cashiers then they were super nice to you. 
Seriously you should avoid this horrible place. Even the bathroom was disgusting. The toilet paper was sitting directly on the ground (the tools were huge and clearly could never fit in the tiny roll dispenser) and the soap dispensers were broken.The worst Mcdonalds I've ever been in.   Front of establishment was full of bums.  Took seven times asking me what drink I was waiting on to get a large iced mocha, then they handed me a half full large and when I looked at it, they said I ordered a medium and they put it in a large cup.  
They had a serious drink problem.   Everyone has to keep asking for their drinks.   When I got to the hotel, I overheard a group saying they never got their oatmeal and got wrong size drinks but just got to the point that they took what they could.  
DONT GO...If you're expecting a gourmet experience, McDonald's probably isn't the place for you. If you're expecting a squeaky clean fast food restaurant, McDonald's isn't for you. I understand that 100% and normally have no problems with walking into a slightly dirty restaurant to get food that isn't super healthy or good. But there are some minimum expectations, and this location can't even reach them.
To start, the floor is perpetually dirty here. I have seen them clean it, and yet still it is dirty. There also is usually a smell. And not a fast food, greasy smell. But rather a "dirty" smell. Sometimes they even have a large industrial fan out near the counter to do something (dry the floor? make it smell fresher?). I don't know if this is the dirtiest McDonald's in the world, but it's got to be close. Moving past that, the least they could do is get you in and out as quickly as possible. I walked in yesterday to a bit of a line, with just one cashier working. It seemed inefficient, but it didn't take too terribly long to place my order. Then I noticed a throng of people waiting for their orders. Probably not a good sign. I placed a very simple order, a large coffee and fries. The coffee came up almost instantly! I was happy and thinking maybe my fries would be quick so I could just be in and out despite the other people waiting. 15 minutes later, I learned that wasn't the case. I had even watched people that ordered after me get their full meals (including fries) before me. Nobody behind the counter seemed to be in charge and I watched as mistake after mistake was made. Once, they called out a number that wasn't on the ticket, so the wrong person got the food. Later, they brought out two bags at once, only to realize that they put parts of each order in the opposite bag. At this point, the growing throng of hungry customers was about to turn more into an angry mob. To top it off, an employee started handing out an order before being yelled at that they hadn't finished packing the order yet. Finally I got annoyed and asked where my fries were. I was promptly forgotten about. A minute later, the cashier who took my order asked what I needed. I told her I needed my fries and gave her my order number. Sure enough, the empty bag with my ticket was still sitting back there. She grabbed the fries and put them in the bag and I was on my way, after 15 minutes of standing around, smelling the smells, and watching a leaderless group of people flounder through even the most basic of fast food tasks. I can't definitively say this is the worst McDonald's in the country or world, but you find me a location that you think is worse and I challenge you to give 711 Canal a try.Worst location I've ever been to. Im American I have been to my fair share of locations...!Service is a joke!!! I sit in line for 45 min for a #2? Nope. This place is terrible!Woah.  Stepped into this McDonalds looking for breakfast and it was hands down one of the most unpleasant chain location I've ever entered.  Broken seats were taped with "under construction" tape, the people hanging out there weren't even eating, and it almost felt unsafe at 10:00 in the morning.  (And as a St. Louis city resident, I feel like I'm allowed to say that.)
Must avoid unless you really want those hash browns.  And don't get your hopes up, the one down the street's even worse.
P.S.: The ATM was broken.  (Why I tried to get money here, I don't really know.)Worst. McDonald's. Ever. 
It's so bad that I have to write about it.
The staff here is so unbelievably incompetent and rude.
I was here last week for a quick breakfast with my family. It was close to 10:30am, but the cashier insisted we still had time to order breakfast. Just as we were finishing our order, the menu changes from breakfast to lunch. She then rushed us to finish our order then tells us she may not even be able to do it because the menu changed. Thankfully, she did anyway.
The lines to pick up orders were extremely long and hardly moved. While waiting for our food, I was watching other people pick up their orders and any interactions between staff and customers. The worker whose job it was to call out order numbers and hand out food was the rudest of them all. I watched him call the order number of an older gentleman who said "I'm here" once or twice to pick up his food. The worker RUDELY yelled at him, "I heard you!" I also saw him be rude to this girl (maybe 12 years old or so) who did not speak a lot of English and was waiting to pick her food up. He started getting an attitude about not understanding her and didn't do anything to let her know her food was on its way or anything. He just walked away from her when she handed him her receipt.
Finally it's time for me to pick up my family's food. They completely jacked up the order. They gave us things we didn't even order and didn't give us enough drinks. My dad and brother ordered coffees and asked for a total of 3 sugars and 3 creamers. The rude employee gave us ZERO sugars, ZERO creamers, ZERO napkins, and ZERO straws. When I went up to ask for the sugars and creamers, the guy said, "I'm not allowed to give you more than 2 per order." Ummm... then why do they ask how many you want when you order then? Then, the guy took for-freaking-ever to give us napkins and straws. I'm sorry, but if I have 2 OJs and 5 people eating, we need more than 1 straw and 2 napkins. 
Oh yeah... they also messed up everyone else's orders. I imagine that if you're located on a busy street in a busy city, you should probably get it together and learn how to handle the morning rush. And it isn't exactly comforting to see 5 or 6 cops inside... not eating but posted in several locations of the restaurant. 
I'd give this place a -5 stars if I could.Came here to this location because the one on Claiborne had a line all the way out to Claiborne. Went to go and get the two steak burritos for three dollars. Both on their board and on TV it says you're supposed to get a drink and a hash brown with it. I'm sorry but for the same thing that I can get for a dollar and is not even as good I should at least get a hash brown and a drink but this location swears that they don't come with that. Not only did I not know how to do their job but they're also making this restaurant lose money.
If it were not for the fact that this is the only other McDonald's in the area I wouldn't come to these people because they are always saying that they don't serve one thing or the other or they don't do certain things.It would be 0 stars if that were an option. The floors were littered with paper and garbage, and there were gnats and flies all over the place. It should be condemned. I lost my appetite while waiting for the food. Someone else in my party made the mistake (or good fortune?) of using the restroom before ordering and ended up not ordering bc she was no longer hungry. Avoid this place at all costs.Absolutely horrible. Made me wait 15+ minutes in their poor excuse of a drive thru wait area for one small breakfast item. Needs better management.If it were possible to give 0 stars, I would. The place is in a perpetual state of filth. It is not unusual to find a heroin addict passed out in the restroom. Street people are begging for money inside and out and the staff not only don't care, they know them by name. It is not uncommon to find that they are completely out of soft drinks. Just out. I believe people scream racism too much in today's society but I promise you that they have an unquestionable negative demeanor when helping white people as opposed to customers of color. It actually pisses me off that I spent money here.Ok. So they always forget something..no shocker. It's been years of getting a hair and grabbing something. Something is always missing. Fine. The sauce or straws or whatev. Today was the winner.  Driving home from work and want a monster truck. Swing in for a happy meal. Sit in the 'wait' for your crap spot. Why is it everytime I go I have to pull forward and wait while everyone else gets their food and drives away? Lady finally brings my shit. I drive 20 min home. Get inside. No.....nuggets. Sauce correct.   But no nuggets. I have always been very forgiving of the drive-thrus. But seriously. I will never forget. EverThis place is a hot mess. Food sits in the window so long it tastes a week old. Oh and I'm currently sitting in a drive through line with a hungry 6 year old, there are four cars in front of me and is been twenty minutes no movement. Did I mention the parking lot is empty. If I could get out of the line I would but it's impossible. 
Service is consistently snarky and rude.
Why do I do this to myself? Answer, I won't be from now on.Why can't I give this place negative stars?  Or call for a boycott???
I walk in with a friend of mine, a woman in her sixties, who is tired, with back pain, and all she wants is to sit down and have a cup of coffee.  She sits down, I'm about go order her coffee, but the FULLY ARMED security guard is immediately in her face, lecturing her about how McDonalds is "not a hangout." I ask him why he needs a taser, mace, baton, and a GUN to throw paying customers out of the restaurant, and I get ordered to leave.  I go outside, my friend gets her coffee, I'm standing on the sidewalk waiting for her, and HE comes out and tells me I'm not even allowed to stand in front of this McDonalds. 
I've tried to talk to the managers, and they were just as disrespectful, and have gone as far as to call the police, to report that I was looking through the front window. Taxpayers' dollars!  I was just looking to see if the same security guard was working, because if he wasn't I would have gone in for breakfast.Ive been waiting for over an hour for my "fast" food. I wish I could give this less than one star. It smells like burnt Taco Bell in Here (which would've been better), but nope it's not. The service is extremely slow...as mentioned, I'm still waiting. Hope I'll get my food soon and I hope it'll be the correct order.DO NOT COME HERE !!! Waited 30 minutes just for everything to be wrong. And when you tell them they talk back and get smart. Very unsanitary when making the food. Don't do it !Absolutely the worst McDonalds I've ever been to. This morning, for example, we placed a mobile order and when it was about to go through, the app said the location was closed. We were sitting right there. We spoke to the young lady behind the register and she said that she didn't know how to set up the computer system, so it was not on. Also, a couple of nights ago, we ordered two quarter pounders. After observing the chaos with other customers and the cashiers for a while, we got our order: one quarter pounder and the other a double quarter pounder which is not what we ordered. One patty was cooked, the other was still raw. The same experience happened to our friends who went there the following morning. Corporate needs to look into this McDonalds.This review was for the McDonald's on Canal Street in New Orleans.This place is a joke!!! The worst and rudest customer service. Also the dirtiest McDonald's I've ever been to. I'm definitely calling the health inspection on this place!Slowest service with most staff I have ever experienced at McDonalds anywhere.  Went to this restaurant two times in three days because it was within walking distance of the hotel and open late.  First day ordered two breakfast sandwiches. When I stepped up to the counter the cashier just looked at me, I gave my order unprompted she printed my ticket and handed it to me.  I am not sure she could speak.  The second visit I ordered two ice creams and a small drink.  A different cashier took the order and had the same interaction.  When my order was complete, I was given the ice creams and had to ask for my drink.  When I asked the guy behind the counter for the drink he said, "oh", and picked up a cup filled with my drink from the drink machine and slid it to me.  He and other employees were so busy doing nothing, he did not even know what I ordered. Both times I visited there were no fewer than five people behind the counter and most were doing nothing.We understand it's McDonald's. However, this one in particular was nicer than expected. It's cleaner than the one down the street, the staff is friendly and competent, and the wait time is reasonable. Also, in exchange for something from the Dollar Menu, here you can end your desperate search for a decent bathroom in the Quarter.
I've noticed that people complain about service in these types of establishments without realizing how they get in their own way. So here are some tips to elicit the best possible service: 
- Carry yourself with a sense of polite urgency
- Know what you want before your order
- State it clearly and succinctly
- Sincerely thank the person serving you once you're handed your change, your food, and/or any special requests
Remember, there's a line behind you, and it ends much more quickly when everyone cooperates, leaving all involved happier.
Speaking from experience, service workers in more "ghetto" establishments treat you a lot more nicely when you don't act like a stuck-up yuppie, but rather a customer who appreciates their work despite it being thankless and low-paid. Too often I see clueless out-of-towners who hold up the line by acting rudely and generally failing to adapt to the situation. Please don't be one of them.Worst McDonald's I have ever eaten at.
Poor customer service, and slow; really slow, cold food. The sign outside says McDonlads, but the quality of service and food does not measure up to the standards of this company.Worst McDonalds I've eaten at. Requested a signature sandwich, which was advertised, and told "we don't sell that no more". Purchased the 20 piece mcnugget and was even asked what sauce I'd like... Didn't receive any sauce and am several nuggets short. Do not eat here!January 21st 9:06pm
-Can i take your order? Yeah i'll have a quarter pounder combo meal
-So i step aside and a chinese man orders with a hundred dollar bill...this took awhile to authenticate between manager and cashier...i understand no prob
-my food is ready i saw the man slide it down to be bagged
-cashier is helping chinese man and manager is texting on her phone...ummm hi my food is ready ok?
-another employee enters now three of em are doing little of nothing....ummm my food?
-a lady approaches the register...is she a customer? Oh no wait its a friend of the manager...manager leaves front area then returns with another dirty cell phone and gives to her friend... uhhhhh derrrrr ummm my food?
-finally manager bags up my food and i have a seat to scarf it down in low grade aggrivation
-before leaving i ask for a bit more soda..sorry we dont do refills
Oh ok but you do a lot of texting and misc. nonsense
Food was fine
Restaurant fine
Homeless patrons fine
Somewhat lazy, ignorant and inattentive staff not fineI am a regular at this location, as I live down the street, and while I've never had a bad experience, the past week or so has seen a marked improvement.  The food is still McDonalds and as long as they never run out of my tasty mcdoubles I'm a happy camper.  The staff, though, has been so friendly and polite and generally happy whenever I stop in lately.  I'm not sure if they're starting to recognize my silky, low baritone over the drive through speaker, or they identify me with my usual 3 or 4 burgers and know that I'm actually going to say "please" and "thank you" unlike many of the Neanderthals that I know come to restaurants.  
I've worked in the industry for a long time and I know that you don't fuck with the people that handle your food (a sentiment often forgotten in modern society).  I hope this message reaches the staff and they know to keep up the good work and continue doing whatever they're doing.  I'll be back in a few days and I look forward to receiving the same attention and manners that I've received the past few nights.The bill was 3.08. I handed her a five.  She tallied it up on the machine for the difference.
"Oh wait, here's a quarter."
A few seconds passed, she gazed at the quarter on her hand. I realized that she was frozen on the spot because she did not know how to give me my change without the machine telling her since I added the quarter after she tallied up my total. 
Calmly, I took the two dollars she had already pulled out and  I said, "Never mind, just keep the change."
Seemed odd, that it was 8 a.m. and there were barely any people in line. They didn't seem efficient enough to pull it off.Worst McDonald's I've ever been to. Previous reviews were right- homeless people drinking infront, smelled like marijuana. Rude employees, got several orders wrong and the staff was irritated when you try and get the right order.
Customers begging to use the restroom but were being denied entrance because it was being cleaned. 
I hope corporate sees this and address the issues of this restaurant. 
Southern hospitality is not found here. 
Avoid this McDonald's please at all cost. 
If there was a negative star , this restaurant deserves negative 5 stars.GOD AWFUL SERVICE!!!!!
They took 45 mins to get 15 McNuggets ready, absolutely unacceptable.  When asked about the wait time they just texted on their phones and ignored the question.I normally have no complaints about McDonald's, but this location was absolutely disgusting!! I landed in NOLA, checked into my hotel and went here for a quick dinner. I got a grilled chicken bacon ranch salad and an oatmeal and both were Gross!! My salad was so brown it was slimy, the chicken was a weird color and cold, and my oatmeal was cold and matted. Oh, the employees were both on cell phones talking to people - terrible food, terrible service. Do not eat here. Waste of money and you'll be hoping you don't get sick!!Literally a dumpster. They have mice that run around the dining room. Told the manager and he said he was aware!!!!This is the perfect example of when you hire ppl who could care less about their jobs so you'll get the service that comes with that. They don't care about going fast, getting yelled at, and who cares if you tell the manager? This is "just a McDonald's job". Avoid it and just drive further down for a better McDonald's.Let's pick a word for this place.  Hmm I'm gonna go with terrible.  Service is terrible, everyone has an attitude, order gets screwed up and one girl is ignoring us and floating around with a broom like she's in a ballet. Frys are raw. Considering the hospitality of this city,  I'm surprised this McDonalds is in New OrleansThis isn't one of those "Wah, wah, McD's sucks, factory farming, HFCS, blah blah" reviews. This is a "Wow, this particular location really SUCKS, here let me tell you about it..." review. 
Wow, this particular location really SUCKS, here let me tell you about it...
I had some time to kill in the area on St. Patrick's Day and decided to do something random and slightly unpredictable: try a Shamrock Shake. It's one of those things I feel like I should try once so I can bond with other people about how good/bad/awful they are. 
This location of McD's is always bustling so I was ready for that. 
I wasn't ready for their absolutely inability to match product to order. Case in point: I ordered a Shamrock Shake. Solo. I was handed a Shamrock Shake and fries. Umm, what? I double-checked the number on my receipt with the number the employee was calling out, and they matched...but I didn't order (or pay for) fries. I would appreciate the lagniappe, but McD's fries aren't veg*n so it doesn't much matter. (And I didn't want fries.) I handed the bag back and wandered off with my shake. 
This is an over-worked fast food chain staffed by people who are run down by their really crappy job and work environments. I was ready for subpar just about everything, but I wasn't ready for completely inedible. 
Case in point: I popped the lid off my shake to see what sort of crazy thing I was ingesting. I'm a curious sort, really. What greeted me was not what I was expecting. Instead of the synthetic green goo, I found synthetic green goo with hairs in it. How you manage to get multiple hairs in a milkshake, I have NO CLUE. But brava! This McD's location did! 
When I returned to the counter to fork over my hair shake and ask for my money back, the manager I finally talked to stared at me for a long minute then told me I put those hairs in my shake. Seems reasonable until I mention that my hair is pink. Like, screaming pink. Highlighter pink. Glow in the dark pink. My real, growing on my head hair, too. No wigs for me today. I smiled and tried to say in the most polite way possible that my hair is pink so that could not, actually, be my hair. What followed was a conversation about wigs and an accusation that I was wearing one. The only way to counter that (and get my money back) was to let the manager tug on my hair. To say it was humiliating was to high-ball it. 
So that is now I spent my St. Patrick's Day and why I have not had a Shamrock Shake yet. 
Accessibility notes: No automatic doors. Very loud for hard of hearing customers. No braille menu; some braille signage. Open and spacious for customers with mobility devices.Worst McDonald's I have ever been to. I have been to McDonald's from New Orleans to New York to Cleveland Ohio and this is by far the worst I have ever been to. They are the rudest I have ever seen in any restaurant. I ordered a kids meal for my kid and when I got it it had most of it missing. When I gave it back to them and said most of the food is not there, no drink, no toy, no apples. Then they dropped the chicken and fries on the floor. I told them I want my money back, the manager ( who was the one who dropped the food) said no. Then I told her I want the food and she said no. In a situation like that you are powerless and have no one to go to. So we left New Orleans and will NEVER RETURN.Food was fine, but the restaurant itself seemed dirty. What's with the 30-minute time limit to eat your food? At least there are restrooms...Came over here for a shake at 7pm. Ice cream machine is broken. Again. Always. Completely useless place. Tear it down please and put up an In and Out.I feel dirty !!!!! The staff are rude and the food was old, I guess that's what you get at Mac Donald's at 10pmthe front is always filled with creepers that always harass me. i didn't get the breakfast item i ordered which was the only reason i went. i guess i should've checked before leaving. my 20 piece nuggets were burnt and so old.. fries were soggy and nasty. the workers are rude. worst mcdonald's in existence.Der schlimmste Laden, den man sich vorstellen kann. Alles verdreckt und die Sanitäranlagen sind das blanke Grauen.ZERO stars if I could!!!
Completely disgusting! These people have no idea how to run a fast food restaurant or even how to interact with the public. The worst McDonalds in the Country!
I had my order screwed up beyond words and I was treated with no respect or consideration. Oh heaven forbid I interrupted a conversation about someone's nails or hair extensions for them to pay attention long enough to help customers standing in line.Cashier's only words were "you want the meal?"
3 of the 5 tables in the lobby occupied by employees on break. Quarter pounder cold, bread hard and stale. No surprises here lolWorst McDonald's Ever as others stated, do not go here. One order 3 mistakes I mean seriously you are not even busy..... first time I had to rate a McDonalds this low. Corporate where are you?Worst McDonald's restaurant ever. Homeless people sleeping on the benches.  The staff are too busy playing on their phones instead of taking customer's orders. Took over ten minutes just to get an order of large fries. Don't bother.i would never go into a mcdonalds...except that at 9pm i was walking by and really wanted some soft serve (and a small fry). 
once i got over the diaper smell in there, i had an amusing time. 
i asked if they only had vanilla soft serve. 
mcdonalds staff stared at me. 
okay, do you have chocolate ice cream? 
no. 
do you have vanilla? 
yes. 
okay can i have a vanilla soft serve cone.
what?
you know, soft serve (pointing)
oh a cone. yah. that'll be $1..
wait, and a small fry (and whatever he's getting). also do you have sprinkles?
we got dem (points to m&m's) and oreos mashed up.
oh, so no sprinkles? can you put the m&m's on the cone?
i not gonna try. 
wait, why'd you tell me then?.... huh? okay just a plain vanilla softserve then.
a what?
a vanilla cone. 
oh.
jeez. was seriously difficult to order one cone here. but, i was laughing most of the time, so i got a little chuckle with my vanilla soft serve. 
still unsure as to why it smelled diapers. there was a very large fan blowing on the floor- not sure about that either.Mice running all around on the floor, hiding inside the booths. Old out of code yogurt parfait, etc...Don't know if anyone should ever eat at this location!I just maybe the worst experience ever at any restaurant in my life.  You walk in and they have those computers to order.  All only one of them worked properly.  After going to each of them and striking out I finally find the one that "works" so I place my order but it does not accept my card gift card which means I need to wait in line anyway.  I stand in line for 10 minutes and the lady at the register just leaves and never comes back.  I have to get back in another line behind 6 other people.  Wait another 5-10 minutes.  Pay.  I find out that even though I place my order at the dumb computer they did not start my order until it was paid for so I wait more.  My food comes relatively quickly.  The Dr. Pepper is flat.  They replace it with a Coke.  Still flat.  The fries were cold.  Burger cold.  This is right during the lunch rush mind you.  The place was dingy.  Go to walk out after my cruddy lunch and there garbage cans are not in their bins.  They are half hanging out empty with no liners.  The place looked fully staffed and yet it was just a complete cluster.  
The whole reason for this institution is consistency.  It McSucked.   
Looking at some of these other reviews it's evident the franchisee does not care at all.  I get that if someone is going to post a review for a place like this it is likely not going to be good but there are way too many of them so I blame corporate for not putting this owner on a short lease.I used to like this place....but not anymore.   We  were the only ones in there yet all the tables were dirty and the bathrooms were disgusting.  The manager even took a break and sat and ate in the filthy dining room.  So long..I won't be back.They do not serve at night. If they put enough energy into how much they serve, they'd be fine. I was starving. Someone told us we could only get breakfast sandwiches. Then told us to come to the window and no one came to the window. I ain't no snitch so I'm not gonna say who it was. But I'm still starving after I was counting on mcdonalds to come through.I just cannot do fast food.  Blame it on the hippy upbringing.. the fresh from the garden veggies, the homemade tofu, the pasta off the press, the fresh ground venison...... whatever... everything just smells and tastes like grease in this place.  And the service...... it horrifies... I know people hate their jobs... but it's a job.  And damnit I know you're lieing to me when you tell me the milkshake machine is broken.   I just want a freaking vanilla milkshake.If I could give a negative star I would. The only nice thing to say is that the place is clean. The staff is rude and disorganized. I am sorry that the staff hate their jobs so much that they are so bitter--no one is making them work there. They make fun of customers and use racial slurs.  They yell at the customers, mumble when speaking, never thank them, and never apologize when it takes over 20 minutes to serve breakfast--and we still got the wrong order. This is not fast food. This is the worst McDonalds that I have ever been in. STAY AWAY unless you are dying from hunger. The manager and the whole franchise should be ashamed.Obviously, there is nothing fresh about a fast food joint. You can say what you like about the salads and such but its hard to be that fast and maintain the proper level of nutrition. On that note, I love to bring my girls to their favorite hot spot. McDonald's is traditional. Kids love it. This particular location is truly unacceptable. It is dirty, it reeks of day old mop water being used over and over. The service is horrible. I have never had one employee of this McDonald's smile at me as I placed an order. I would never eat here and refuse even let my kids enjoy the occasional happy meal. This location is a direct reflection of poor management, lazy employees and packaged food. Yuck.Horrible service!! Waited 17 minutes for 3 shakes!! Several people after me got their shakes before me.  Was not offered a cup carrier, had to ask for one!This franchise is by far the dirtiest in the 50 United States, it's a bum's paradise. Here is how it works, you walk past a bunch of drunken bums sitting out front, and the door is smattered in what looks like grease. Once you open the door and enter the building it's just table after table of unwashed dirty. You stand in line to order your food and then begins the wait, after waiting at least ten minutes for your food you will notice that it is lukewarm "waiting on the fries". Don't try getting a refill, this McDonalds refuses that, obviously the massive crowd of drunks out front where using the place for a mixer top up after purchasing a to go coke and some bourbon at the corner liquor store. The management is usual on their phones or having some sort of personal issue with another employee to be too concerned about the guest needs or the cleanliness of the establishment. This should be the next Ronald McDonald house for the homeless of New Orleans. The only clown anyone is going to see here is ''Homie the Clown" drunk or on crack busking for dollars. All I can say is avoid this down and out burger hovel at all costs. This big ring circus is not for the faint at heart.This mcd had to be the worst I've been to, first of all the cashier upgraded all of our drink on our meals with out telling us, then messed up our order like how hard is it to hear what I order and then punch it into the computer? Secondly after spending over $70 on meals the kids wanted to refill there drink and the workers rudely said we don't refill, like what kind of crap is that. In the end the restrooms are horrible! Wouldn't be returning here againI am convinced that if McDonalds corporate visited this location, every person would lose their jobs. I have never seen more incompetence than on a recent visit. Food wasnt warm, service was rude, and even the drinks were incorrect. I hope McDonalds corporates PR department reads this so that action is taken. Do not waste your time and, more importantly, patience, visiting this location.THE WORSE PLACE!!! Cold fries rude cashiers dried burgers. SUPER DIRTY IT SMELLS!!! Tables were dirty so many cashier and no one could clean the tables. Then to top it off they don't give refills like wtf. SAVE YOUR $ GO EAT SOME WHERE ELSE. Had to put a star so it would post cause there wasn't a way to put ZERO STARSworst McDonalds I've ever been to,  bar none.   over an hour to get our food, order was wrong, and the staff was not hustling at all.   Also apparently very understaffed.   0 stars if it was possible.For people visiting New Orleans this McDonalds is SAD!!  The people working there don't want to be there.  The girl's working the register's are rude and don't listen.  They ask you VERY rude like "What do you want."  Then after repeating your order, they still screw it up.  But before finding out they screwed the order up you'll wait in line for 20 minutes.  Ray Crock is turning in his grave at this location.   Nobody working there deserves a job serving the public.  To better this McDonalds I would start with firing every single person there and start fresh.  Plus I would enforce some security because of the people that just hang out in there.  You can tell they are regular's and it's like their hangout, and the racial slurs are ridiculous!!  I had my 5yr. old daughter in there and the words that I heard OUT LOUD I couldn't believe.Wait to slow for a fast-food place. Spanish para ser un lugar de comida rapida este lugar es super deapacioTerrible service. Just getting ketchup and napkins was asking too much of them. It's not as if they were slammed. Not friendly in the least. Eat somewhere else, if you can.Only because I couldn't give a zero rating.  Worst McDonald's in the USA.  Staff were horribly inattentive, obviously don't care about ANYTHING.  Actually they all left their posts about 10 minutes before closing time just to go in the back, punch out, and get their paycheques!  Even the manager couldn't do anything about it!  The front counter was left completely unattended!  Finally came back 3 minutes after closing and said "ok, who's waitin' on what"?  And proceeded to give me someone else's order.  Someone said this place was renovated?  When?  Was dirty and grubby, trays and food, napkins, everywhere.  The people behind the counter looked like wannabee rap stars...COMPLETELY DISINTERESTED in serving customers and not paying attention to anything.  I actually threw the meal out, was too scared to eat it!  And this was on Canal Street, a MAJOR tourist area!!  This is where you want to put your best foot forward, not your WORST.  NEVER EAT HERE, really horrendous, the only way McDonald's can turn this around is by firing everyone, cleaning the premises, hiring new staff and putting two security guards at the door and having two managers to keep tabs on the "staff".Omg...homeless dudes passed.out or maybe dead in the first booth.  I just wanted a large iced coffee.  The girl behind the register yawned in my face and when I asked for iced coffee she didn't even k ow what I was talking about.  If I was the manager I would here fored her so fast.  Watched her yawn in two other customers faces behind me.  Wow.  MGMT step up.  And the people want to make $20 an hour.  F U.  U don't even come close.to deserving it.Never had worse service at a McD's than this place. These employees don't care. This type of service is called "fast food" for a reason. 25 minutes for an order at McDonald's is absolutely unacceptable. 25 minutes after we ordered, these were our issues. We requested Diet Coke. We received something that was not soda and can not even begin to fathom what it was.  We asked for honey mustard sauce for the chicken nuggets, didn't get any. We originally were not even given a drink for our meal. When we asked for our drink the employee snatched the receipt out of our hand and gave us attitude about it.  They then crumbled up our receipt and threw it out in front of us out of anger.  
We heard numerous times over the 25 minute when we were waiting for our meal that the bathrooms were closed. First, I can't believe that a 24 hours McD's bathrooms would be closed for an extended period of time (both men's and women's). Second, I was appalled that the staff yelled, literally yelled at every single person that tried to go the bathroom. 
The staff also snapped at me when I tired to order off of the all day breakfast menu "we don't have breakfast".
If I was the GM or owner if this restaurant, I would be embarrassed to call myself that. But I guess if you let your place of business get this far out of control, you just don't care.Really bad Mcdonalds. The restaurant wasn't clean and did not have much seating. When we walked in we noticed that there were a lot of homeless people just sitting in the restaurant and not eating. The staff wasn't friendly and it took over 15 minutes to get our two meals and it was not at all busy. They also gave no napkins and did not want to give any ketchup. Very trashy Mcdonalds.I pretty much concur with all the other comments here.  Hygiene awareness was non-existent.  We watched a grown man suck his thumb then prepare our food without washing his hands.  I demanded a refund and we walked out.  Never in my life had I imagined a McDonalds could be so horrible at the basics of fast food service.1. They only have sweet tea, apple juice, and milk. But not chocolate milk. 
2. The drive through is 24 hours but you'll have to drive all the way to the front or else you'll interrupt the conversation of the girl who really doesn't mind that you bothered her...but stop bothering her, drive up. 
Uhm. Ok. McDonald's, if this is your best I'm going to Rally's. 
Oh. Wait. 
There's a disgruntled employee yelling in the background. Oh, that's the manager? My bad...I just expected it to be a tad more professional.McDonald's is known for great coffee.  Staff here made coffee twice, and the coffee was watery both times.  Threw them away.  Central office, please show the staff how to make good coffee.  Sandwiches were fine.  Fries were soggy (old grease).Omg worst service !!!!! Literally super slow and they sit there and play around in the kitchen. So many people in the pick up section.. it's crazyJust walk away now.. Actually don't even think about going in. Went in for ice cream and immediately regretted it. Homeless people sleeping on the tables and begging for money at the register.This is by far the WORST McDonald I have ever been to! Took forever to get my order(someone bumped my order off the screen) the cashiers were indifferent and the manager really needs customer relations training.. called the GM and filed a formal complaint and was told I would receive coupons for my trouble.. 6 months later I'm still waiting.. I tell everyone how sucky this place is.. I know it's fast food but damn! Fire everyone and just start overThis is my local McDonald's.  
I only go to the drive thru. 
It's usually slow, but today I sat for 10 minutes behind about 7 cars. Didn't move.
I was getting ready to call the manager from my car when a car moved. 
I got up to the first window and the cashier was making boxes for happy meals. I sat a minute before asking if I paid at the other window. She said "oh sorry", but kept making boxes. In the meantime, all the cars were taken care of and I was sitting waiting for her to take my money. 
Total waste of time !! 
It's McDonald's!!! 
How hard is that??Worst McDonald's I've ever been in. Filthy, nats flying around. Worst customer service. Employees eating behind counter. They have no clue what they are doing. Machines alarms kept going off. Food cold and nasty. Rude employees. Coming from being a GM of a hotel I am totally shocked. I'm not looking for a gourmet experience, just the normal McDonald's experience. This franchise location needs the whole staff fired, clean the facility and hire and train the correct staff. I hope you as a owner will take a good look at your investment.I went here during Mardi Gras week. My big Mac tasted old and I had to wait 20 minutes for my drink after receiving my sandwich. The staff are non apologetic as they either screw up your order or greet you as a customer. I'm surprised that they are still in business.I ordered Mc Shit thru Uber Eats. Did not receive my apple pie or my strawberry creme pie. I looked in my bag, and my heart was so broken. My taste buds were ready for them pies. So I call up there and tell an employee and she said "Well you can come up here and get em." Biiiiiiiiiiihhhh I didn't do Uber Eats for nothing. Eventually I just sucked it up and took the L. I promised I was gonna Yelp the shit outta that restaurant.No refills on soda and evidently a McFlurry is just ice cream with some Oreo crumble on top. Waste of space....I'd grant this McDonalds 0 stars. The staff is rude. The manager doesn't care and she said so herself, "I don't care if they all call corporate".   I decided not to order based on what I witnessed on the early morning of December 6 (1:00 AM). If I were the franchisee, I'd fire the whole night crew and start over from scratch.  When I asked for corporate phone number, the manager said, "You didn't even order anything".  Why would I?  I'm not paying for poor customer service.  I'd rather go to bed hungry that order there.  Needless to say, I just placed a call to corporate. As my friends and I left, we almost thought this was one of those hidden camera shows. Couldn't believe what we had just witnessed.   DO NOT even consider this McDonalds.This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to and that says a lot. The level of  their"I dont give a $hit" attitude is almost impressive if it weren't so irritating. They don't seem to like each other and they certainly don't like their customers.  I have high hopes that this crew will be joining the ranks of the post office or dmv with the other hostile people of the world.  If they are loving it...they aren't talking about their jobs.  Just avoid this place, like the plague.Wow, this is the NASTIEST restroom that i have ever seen. I picture that ones in jail are cleaner than this. Graffitti everyone and floor was sticky and there was &^$( on the floor.  Took one look and made a bolt for the door.This place is so slow. I would love to come here for breakfast but I just don't have the 30 minutes to wait for them to serve three cars.I have ordered from this location in person and through uber eats and both times my order has been wrong. I will never eat here again and would not recommend at to anyone. Also this has got to be the slowest McDonald's in New Orleans.Ok, so this Mcdonalds is a little on the ghetto side.  This does not really bother me because one thing you learn quickly in this city is that the richer they are the snobbier and unwelcoming they become. So, go in, smile, be nice and you will surely be encountered with a little staring (which is normal) and a prompt smile back at you.
Service is quick and the staff is as friendly as working in a St Charles fast food joint at 4:00am can get. Place could be cleaner, but that just adds to the experience. My only gripe with this place is that your can't order from the outside if you don't have a car. I know its called a "drive trough" but dammit can't you just sell me the nuggets when I most need them!
They do have some shortages of food once in a while (they were missing nuggets one very very late nigh of January) but, in general, they have all the artery clogging goodness we have all come to know, and love.
Don't be scared to go in!
Enjoy!!Better coffee than Cafe DuMonde, and its only ONE DOLLAR for a 12 oz cup.
I loved how the entrance is disguised from Royal Street, you need to enter through a "Secret Passageway" to get into this McD's.
Breakfast is the only meal I can tolerate at McD's -- and this one has the "Steak McBagel" (currently not sold in California).  
I love the Steak McBagel.....its one of my guilty pleasures on the entire planet.....and my wife loves the Sausage Burritos.  
Cheap prices and a friendly staff makes this a must-visit place in the French Quarter when you need a refuge from Tourist Traps and shitty coffee.My niece saw a Rat run under a door. It was crowded with drunk people. Do Not go to this location.Got to be the worst McDonalds ever and that's a very low bar.  Line a mile long, one register, workers can't possibly care less, one on her phone, all grumpy and dragging around.  If my 3 yr old wasn't begging for a happy meal, I wouldn't tolerate such a miserable place. If there was anything less than one star, I'd choose it.The food was typical McDonald's, and they forgot to give my daughter apple slices and did not give my wife her frappe.  We had to go up and ask.   The bathroom was a pigsty, which is expected on canal st. New Orleans.  The only thing redeeming was you could order your food on a kiosk and not deal with people at the front.     I wish they would take more pride in what they do, but it is McDonald's.Did you ever have a #cheeseburger from #mcdonalds without #beef here is the one from #canalstreet #neworleans #louisiana, the 1st one we have is like paper thin without ground beef, after talk to the lady at the counter then the 2nd one we have is the one with the bun and cheese only, there are no pickle and sauce. And the 3rd one we received, finally is the standard one. But we still not hear any apologies from them. How terrible service it is.Just.  Don't.  Seriously, if you're looking for breakfast, there's an Ihop down the street.  If you need fast food for lunch, there's a Krystal about a block away.
This is my first 1 star review *ever*, and it's because I witnessed something appalling and a ridiculous response by the staff.  
Is there anything less than 1?Came in with the hubby was greeted nicely with a smile got our food was fresh and enjoyed it.We had a cleaning man tell a customer that we couldn't sit where we were because he just cleaned over there. But 5 mins in an African American sat there and he was ok. Yeah I'm sorry but I'm from California and I don't get treated that way there.This place is a joke.25 minutes to get 1 egg Mc  muffin .I ask where is my order her response it hasn't come up yet.I sure wish i was as smart as she is .Amazing that she works at Mcdonalds she should belong to Mensa.The huge manager runs to the back and hides when it got busy.Thw whole time the cashier is flirting with some guys and giving them free food.Only good thing about this dump is it seems they have ran off most of the drug dealers that use to deal inside and outside the front door.I'm sure this won't last
A burger chain needs to open up on Canal St.and put this miserable place out of businessDon't already have enough reason to stay away from soulless corporate chains while you're in a culinary capital? Yesterdays events should be more than enough to scare off even the most gluttonous tourist from their McFatty Patty. Marring an otherwise OUTSTANDING French Quarter Fest a couple of delinquent thugs decided to settle scores with guns right in front of this McDonals.  Seven people were shot.  I've seen many teens hanging out here during late night hours. McDonalds should really have a security guard posted 24-7 at this location.  
This event was not quite as bad as the murders at Louisiana Pizza Kitchen many years ago (nobody dies in this battle per news reports), but so disappointing and unnerving to say the least.  Oh, and our cops marked the shell casings with Tropical Isle cups.  I'm not quite sure what to make of that.While waiting for my food, a girl showed me her tiddys for the beads I was wearing. Great tits.Horrible service. Employees working the counter were not attentive, one of the employees was sucking on a ring pop while bagging up customers orders. Very unprofessional and unsanitary. The same employee was talking and laughing with another employee while customers were waiting for there orders that were ready. Management was onsite and did nothing to correct the employees. Food was cold and soda was flat. Fire and hire better employees or close down the location. This location doesn't even deserve one star.DON'T COME HERE!! You will be disappointed every time! The staff is rude and they lack customer service skills. No one pays attention to you and everyone stands off to the side holding conversations not relating to work. Your order will sit for at least 20 minutes and they will give you the cold food like you're just supposed to take it and leave them alone. I have been disappointed every time I come here because its close.  IF YOU DON'T HAVE TIME TO WAIT DON'T ORDER BECAUSE IT'S NOT FAST FOOD. They take so long you would think they had to thaw the meat and bake the bread.  I give this place 2 thumbs DOWN. I wish I had more thumbs to put them down. Highly disappointing.Please close this place down. Sanitation officials should check how filthy this place is. The service is the worst. Worst mc Donald's I've ever been to.NOTHING good to say about this place. The place was sprinkled with people that looked like they were there for some place to sleep. I ordered 2 Frappe's well, I waited I know 15 minutes ... There were 2 people ahead of me, they got their orders pretty quickly (how long they had been there before I got there the Good Lord ONLY knows!) ... During the 15 min wait I had two people  come up to me and try to con me out of money (which is very refreshing .... NOT!!)
    The people that worked there were NOT helpful at all, they were not friendly one bit! Never said thank you... have a good nite ... come back again ....nothing....   I should have turned around and left as soon as I saw the questionable mechanisms on the bathroom doors! Needless to say ... Do not go in this Mickey D's unless you CANNOT make it another 10 ft dying of hunger!Spent 30 minutes in the drive thru. Ridiculous amount of time to wait and once you are in it, you can't leaveCustomers are dangerous!!!  They obviously allow homeless and drug addicts to hang out inside and outside the front door.  The entrance smells like marijuana.  Security guards are only there are weekend evenings- otherwise, youre on your own.
Food: Its a typical McDs.  They do NOT know how to make their McCafe drinks.  I asked for a mocha caramel on two occasions and got some water with cream and caramel - gross!  The second time I asked them to remake it and got the same thing.  The fries are usually okay, but lately, I have noticed they are either extra salty or have no salt at all!  They are too lazy to mix things up.
Location: its on canal - great!
Decor: well, safety is an issue.  It is dirty from the inside.  Smells a little like garbage (but then again, so does most of Canal).  I guess it is okay.I can't even begin to imagine how these people are able to keep their franchise. These young lady who was running the register was either bereaved or under the influence of drugs, and could not get her machine working. I then asked to speak with the manager who, would not honor my mobile app even though it stated on the app that they did. I understand it's a tough area to work in considering its locale near the French Quarter, but one cool thing about McDonald's is that you can always depend on it. I was sober and in a good mood when I came in for breakfast, and left hungry and Confused. Not cool.Overall just your typical good old McDonalds. This review however is about their choice of security guards at this current location. Falcon Security. When I entered the store to purchase food I was carrying a bag from another restaurant, at which point, the two security guards at the door told me there's 'no outside food allowed into the restaurant'. I then explained that I was actually going to purchase food. This still wasn't sufficient enough information for them to understand so I placed the bag containing the 'outside' food on the table next to where they were standing so I could go and make my purchase. When I went to leave I walked back to get my property only to have two smug idiots smile in my face and say that it was thrown in the garbage. Clearly I was upset at what had happened and voiced my opinion only to have them threaten to meet me outside and fight. They were verbally abusive and also called my wife a bitch. When you give idiots guns and badges this is usually the outcome. I called the manager of this McDonalds location to inform her and she was very polite and apologetic. Again this McDonald's location was fine. The two Guards who work for Falcon Security clearly have some power issues.This place is a joke! We not only waited over 40 minutes for our food, but to add onto our misery, these people were rude from the get go! DO NOT GO HERE! The food was terrible, the service was terrible, the place was dirty!! Read the other reviews! Please don't go here!!THIS IS THE WORST MCDONALDS I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. It took us 45 minutes to get our food after having to give the cashier our receipt 4 times . It is awfully managed and honestly should be shut downPlease whatever you do don't come here, literally waited for more than 15 minutes and while waiting there was a bug crawling on the floor, and the smell is disgusting.Nastiest McDonald's I've ever been in!!  Employees are very unfriendly!!  Don't go there!!Now I love McDonald's but this restaurant needs closing. Cold Burgers, Dirty Restaurant and Slow service but for me I think the worst thing was hearing the cashier talking about how she is going to "Smack a b**ch up". Not a smile not a welcome!! Dam right disgusting!!!!Super slow service. 20 mins to get food seemed to be understaffed or employees wanted to drag out the last 30 minutes of their day I'm not sureWhere is Ray Croc when you need him. I read that this McDonalds location will be getting a remodel soon. But why spend the money!  Visited tonight at 6:30 pm and could not believe how filthy this restaurant is. We all just waited and waited for someone to take our order. Also every table was dirty, trash on the floors and the bums drinking cans of beer hanging out inside.  If Ray Croc was alive the franchise would be take away. This place is now competing with all of the rundown Burger Kings  in the area. What a disappointment. Don't waste your money remodeling. Just close and sell the building.Yikes, one and a half stars?
At one time, this was the "flagship McDonald's" of New Orleans (Seriously: back when Jim Singleton was on the City Council, many years ago, the construction of a McDonald's directly on St. Charles Avenue was controversial topic. The company responded with a novel two-floor design where the company tried, as best it could in its corporate way, to fit on on the historic thoroughfare. Councilman Singleton referred to it as the "flagship McDonalds" and like a bad ear worm from the Ohio Players, that moniker has run in my head every time I pass St. Charles and Louisiana, for going on now three decades.).  
Ironically, it now appears in early 2019 the "flagship" will be razed and replaced.  Progress!
As for this particular McDonald's itself, I've had good service from both the drive through and the walk-up. There have been a couple of episodes where I found myself staring for ten minutes at the fancy stainless steel hardware and employees moving about and asking myself, "WHAT IS GOING ON BACK THERE, WHERE IS MY BISCUIT?", but more often it's a regular quick experience with minimal fuss.  The food is consistent with other McDonald's. If you like your dollar sausage biscuit, you can get your dollar sausage biscuit.  
At this location, the speed, consistency, service, and huge parking lot that wraps around back puts it squarely in average McDonald's territory. That is really a three-star world, but the average score here is so low I'm giving an extra star.Dear McDonalds,
We've known each other since we were youngsters and I've always been fond of you. We grew up together. We played together. Your gifts of free plastic toys captured my American heart before the days those same toys were made entirely of lead, and before those same hearts were made entirely of fats so fatty they have their own scooters reserved at Walmart.
And yet despite all the years we've known each other, to this day your golden arching curves beckon me forth on occasion, to slip inside you, and leave just as quickly. You and I both know what this relationship is. We don't kid ourselves and we keep it professional. We are what we are and we'll never be more than that. That much has always fortunately been clear.
So when I learned of something new a couple of years ago, I knew it would be something I couldn't try with anyone else but you. But I was afraid to try it. Perhaps afraid of what you'd think of me after. Perhaps afraid of the permanent damage it could do to my insides. But today as they say, was a good day for a McGangBang. We've known each other long enough for me to feel comfortable with this kind of wild experimentation. So today was the day I let you have your way with me and now I'm left pondering what it is I've done. The subsequent crying in the shower didn't cleanse me enough, and the Fiona Apple music has only heightened my emotional state. Consequently I've turned to my friend Yelp for some catharsis, that is if any is to be found.
I wasn't sure I could fit something so large inside me, but that's just part of the experience I suppose, the fear and the dread of shoving something so large in something so narrow an opening. An entire Spicy McChicken sandwiched inside a McDouble... wrapped up of course! You only charged me $2.00 + tax for the experience, which I know is a great deal and all, but now I just feel cheap and used. I don't know if I can ever look at either sandwich separately the same way again. And what if they tell Big Mac I cheated, or if it gets back to the little McNuggets? Oh my, what have I done?
I just feel so dirty. That homeless woman going through the ordering line one by one begging for spare dollar bills from everyone didn't help, nor did the used syringe I sidestepped in the parking lot. I hadn't known you started using again. It was Lindsay Lohan wasn't it? You saw her again didn't you?
Oh McDonalds, one day, this will all end, and you'll never see me again. Every time I see you, I say it's the last, but I just can't quit you. I wish I knew how to quit you.
But one day McDonalds, one day...Seriously, doesn't even deserve 1 star. The worst service and attitudes from a place serving food that I have ever experienced. INCOMPETENT on overt level. RUDE RUDE RUDEIf I could rate half a star I would. It shouldn't take 30 minutes with no one in the restaurant to get a single order. This service is #AHotMess and needs to be seriously corrected before I stop going there altogether.How are any fast food places in business with all the great, inexpensive options around the city???I didn't think I would make a review on McDonald's. But this place has consistently mess up my order and is slow. So yea. Might as well drive to another McDonald's like a couple minutes down for better service.
Pro: at least the food is fresh and hot.Everything sucked about the experience. Our order was wrong after repeating  it to them 3 time . The coffee tasted old . The person behind thE counter had an attitude when they got the order wrong . After we left with the food and returned it they just gave us out money back instead of checking and seeing why the coffee was nasty. This isn't the first time this has happened . I stopped going to the McDonald's  on hwy 43 in Albany laThis is by far the nastiest McDonald's I've been too.  
Homeless people, and beggars always in there using the restrooms for drug use and asking customers for money.  
There's never enough seating because the McDonald's employees are always using several tables to "break time".  There's an entire upstairs full of seating that's never open.  Employee's are decent and get the orders correct most of the time but the atmosphere is just disgusting.If it was possible to rate lower, I would. This is by FAR the worst McDonalds I have been to. Get ready. Most of the cashier machines do not work, only one. So if there was a lot of people, guess what? You waiting a very long time. I only have a 30 min lunch, so this is unacceptable. The food is either wrong or not fresh. Only one of the ice machines work and the sodas are always flat. Not only are the beverages and food unsatisfactory, but the workers ALWAYS have a crappy attitude or act like they don't want to be there. Not to mention, there are always sketchy characters that walk in either asking for money, or making the whole place feel uncomfortable. You can't even use the top floor for some unknown weird reason..And most of the workers seem so clueless. I don't recommend going to this one. Stay FAR away if you respect your tummy.If I could give this location a zero star I would. I love McDonalds but this place I would absolutely never recommend to anyone. The staff is rude, even when they are running 45 minutes behind schedule. No apology, this location is ridiculous. Every other customer in the drive thru had just as many frustrations, even if they don't review it. We have a video and will post it. Get this together.I am giving 5 stars, strictly due to Reagene(sorry if I butchered it) She was amazing in her customer service. The place was hectic, seems like they were short on staff but she still gave everyone the best customer service with the best attitude, which is rare being that everyone else just seems like they hate being at work and they don't have time for you. She is what keeps the everything moving smoothly. Kudos to her for making this ridiculous wait time bearable. 
I would honestly give this location 1 star. Always long wait times, not clean,most of the employees just don't care.Okay so I've never left a review ever because I don't believe somewhere has ever caused me such disgust. I rarely go to McDonald's but when I do, I know that it can be a wait and you're not going to get superb customer service. I get it. However, a cashier in a red shirt completely ignored me for 10 minutes and then a manager tried to intervene and point out there was a standstill at the register and was nice as ever. He genuinely was super respectful. The cashier then looked me up and down like I was disgusting and kept walking. Sorry I'm such an inconvenience when I've been nothing but patient dude. I don't ever treat anyone in my section or work place like that. Nothing wrong with waiting, I get it. But when you look at me like I'm an object and disrespect me there's a problem. I just walked out. Better to go somewhere else at that point. Don't go here people. They will not take care of you. Manager was super sweet though, shout out to him.Normally I don't do fast food reviews. Always 3 star or less. But this place. Seriously? Took 15 minutes for a double quarter ponder. 
Drive thru girl was hanging out the window to smoke her cigarette. Looked stoned red eyed.ALWAYS TRAGIC BUT NOW THEY'VE CLOSED UPSTAIRS!
DUMP THE FILLERS & CUT CALORIES UP TO 50%!
BIG MAC: -28.3%
From 530 calories to 380, cutting 27g of carbs.
Seperate it into its 3 component parts. Discard the top bun. Flip the other two on top of each other. Turn this into a slider by paring off the excess bread. If done right you should construct a bun shaped pile of the scraps (see pics). It ain't pretty but why not?
BREAKFAST BURRITOS: -31.67%
600 calories to 410, cutting 8 grams of fat, 24g carbs.
Order two burritos, but one without cheese. Open them both up and dump the eggs and sausage into the one with cheese. Roll it back up (see pics).
FRIES: -50%
340 calories to 170, cutting 8 grams of fat, 22g carbs.
Let's face it, only about half an order of MickeyD's fries are perfectly plump and crispy. The rest are purposely overcooked  filler tomraise profits and aren't worth eating. Pitch the gnarly and tapered thin ones (see pics). Like eating peanuts but not their shells.Honestly, why am I writing a review about McDonalds. This one sucks to such a level I have never seen before. I ordered via Uber Eats twice both times nuggets have no sauce. 40 nuggets and not one sauce. I went in and ordered and the staff was ride. The place was gross there was a roach behind the counter and the staff did not seem to care. I have been 3 times and will no longer order from this location.I never expected to write a review for this place but I went to the drive through and there were no cars there either. Ordered a 10 pice nugget and it took them so long. Plus when I got home and opened them to eat it, the nuggets were uncooked. I'm literally never going back there again.Literally the worst McDonald's I've ever been to and that says a lot. Some workers don't wear a mask, I ordered a McChicken and got a burger. They even used the McChicken wrapper and gave me a burger???If I could give this place zero stars I would. I've been here for breakfast, in the afternoon, and late at night. No matter what time I go it is ridiculously slow and takes forever to get my food at the drive-through. As I am writing this right now I'm in the drive-through which I've been sitting behind three other cars for the last 20 minutes at least. This will be the last time I come here.This is the shittiest McDonald's ever. Never go here. This incident happened on September 9 at 7:30 PM, so whoever worked the front then should be fired. Firstly, I had to wait 20 min in line to let the lady know I was here for my online order. Mind you I was the only person in line, and the entire 20 minutes she was standing on her phone with her back to me. When she finally helped me, I saw that she had just rang in my order, so I had to wait additional time on top of the first 20. After about 15 more minutes, I was handed the bag with my sandwiches and fries. The order was perfect so I know the kitchen there is doing their job correctly. However, I was not handed my drinks, and again the lady did not acknowledge me. Even after 2 polite "Excuse Me," I wasn't even giving a look, let alone a response. I then just shouted out what I needed as she passed, and she said "I'll get it." She then takes another 5 minutes to get my drinks, and when she comes back with my drinks, she brings 2 small drinks instead of the 2 larges I ordered. And that point I was over it and I was not going to waste any more of my time waiting for that horrible worker.This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to. They have disgruntled staff. I've been yelled at on multiple occasions or just overheard yelling about people ordering food late at night (as early as 10:30 at night) when this is a 24 hour establishment. Also they stop serving dinner an hour earlier than any other location in town. 7 times out of 10 they are very rude and there is a problem with my order. Whether the fries are cold or they forget a burger in the 2 burger combo meal, something is almost always wrong. Most of all I am appalled by the rudeness of the staff. I work in the service industry so I usually give people the benefit of the doubt but this place is just awful.My dog died and then I went to eat here. It was good. I will miss Poodles. Thanks Ronald McDonald for everything.I live about a 5 minutes from here. The employees are friendly enough but the orders are CONSISTENTLY incorrect and they're CONSISTENTLY out of items. Do yourself a favor and go to the one on Claiborne if you need a McDonald's fix.Terrible terrible terrible. I have given this place multiple chances to make it right on several occasions. Never order anything complicated - simple meals, but things are always missing... most recently ordered a McFlurry... came completely melted with a couple m&ms on top. So gross. Save your time and money and do not go here.Had to go to washroom, NO TOLIET PAPER in either washroom!! Come on manager, delegate jobs correctly!Come here if you're into sitting in a line for 20 min. Stuck in drive thru. Too late to back out. Only 4 cars ahead of me.Cons: This is the slowest goddam McDonald's ever. 
Pros: They might get your order right.It's a long wait EVERY-FUCKING-TIME I give this McDonald's 2nd 3rd 4th 5th chances.  I work nearby and there's few other fast foods closeIf I could leave negative stars, I would. The worst McDonalds I've ever been too. And my standards for McDonalds are pretty low.I brace myself for the worst when I go to McDonald's......
At least one of these scenarios has happened to everyone who has ever stepped a foot in McDonald's. Reply if you agree w me:)
1. You wait 20-30 minutes in a two lane crappy drive thru just to get in the front of your line!! You wait an extra 5-10 minutes because everyone skips you!!! You finally get to the window and the staff is unfriendly. To top it all off, your order is wrong!!
2. You walk in and the place immediately smells bad. The staff is unkind and impatient. They have okay service and your outta there.
There is absolutely no way to sugarcoat it! This place is pretty bad :(This is the worst ever. I have been trapped in line for 30 minutes with one car ahead of me. They shout at you to order at the second window, then you get there and they are out of everything you ask for. It's happened twice. TWICE. And the manager doesn't give a f*ck.I stop here at least once a week because I get off work at 7 am and it's close to my house. Now most times when places mess up you're order a lot you give a bad rating. But this McDonald's does it in such a unique way that I'm giving 5 stars for artistic expression. The following are examples of what I've ordered vs what I've received:
O: Bacon egg and cheese biscuit. 
R: Bacon and cheese biscuit (suspiciously flat wrapper)
O: Sausage McGriddle
R: the McGriddle buns with a hot and spicy chicken patty....is that even a menu item?  Honestly not bad 6/10. I don't like confrontation so yeah I ate it. 
The employees here don't give a fuck and why should they. 
5 stars.0 star
This place is a total dump. Literally, the workers here don't give a single f to anyone. Ordered two quarter pounder meals, one with Regular coke and another with Diet Coke. When we pull up to the 2nd window this lady with no energy, no f given, literally her face looked like a demon took her soul type of face gave us the drinks. We politely asked which one's regular and diet. She mumbled "I don't know" I literally gave her the "wtf" look and we asked again "which one is regular?" She then says it's the light color one. I don't know if she was on something but the whole service was terrible. We let it go and once we received the bag I noticed there was no chicken nuggets we ordered. She demanded us to show the receipt. Like why the f would we lie on our orders. 
Terrible service and hope this place close down. Fries were also terrible, over fried and the worst mcd ever. Please don't go here.This is the second time that they left the cheese out of their breakfast burritos. Tends to be the trend at this particular restaurant.Count me among those who rate this the worst McDonald's in the country. The staff could care less and are rude and unhelpful.
I asked about the new spicy chicken sandwich and they had never heard of it. They should take the franchise away from the idiot who has it.
Once was enough to know that all the other horrific reviews are true. Very sad!Listen, it's fast food I don't expect top level service, wages sucks, hours suck, management even can suck. But the young lady who helped us tonight was beyond rude. My boyfriend tried to get number 3 and the only answer we got was 'No' (?) to what? The whole order, to what? Then he asked again are you out? And she just say 'NO WE DO NOT HAVE' then he ordered a number 1 and she was like 'okay do you need anything else'. So next we pull up to the first window, no one is there. Then we see someone waving us to the next window and sat for about two minutes no one was around. The drive Thur looked like someone had already trashed it. I would say go to the Claiborne location and wait in the line bc the service there is 100 times better. I just can't get over how rude and disrespectful this lady was.Don't let the modern look fool you.  This may be the freshest, cleanest, most modernized looking Mickey-D's you've ever seen, but Im here to tell you that they are taking orders by chiseled stone tablet, and cooking with a bunsen- burner.  
     This is the absolute slowest McDonald's that I have ever been to, and it employs the most incompetent of workers behind it's counters. The first time I went I sat at the drive through speaker for five minutes after hearing "I'll be right with you". When I finally spoke up she came back after clearly forgetting I was there. 
   I ordered 2 regular cheeseburgers and then waited another 10 minutes away the window. They "skipped my order" in the kitchen so they had to have Chef make it on the fly. I get my order finally, drive away and take the first bite, and my cheeseburger crunched.  I'll say that again. It crunched.  Both burgers had stale bread. I threw one out the window as a knee-jerk reaction, turned around and got my money back.  
     I had to know of it was the crew or the restaurant, and so, 2 days later on a different shift I returned. 
     This time I ordered but one double cheeseburger.  It took every employee behind that counter to take and make one order of a double cheeseburger, and they STILL had to have the manager come from the back to assist.  15 minutes.  I sat there for 15 minutes waiting on 1 double cheeseburger. 
    I have not exaggerated, lied, or misled. This place is abhorrent. AVOID THIS MCDONALD'S AT ALL COSTS!Being the creature of habit that I am, I generally order a cheeseburger with fries, 4 nuggets with BBQ and a coke. I have never once gotten my entire order correct at this McDonalds. Just a few minutes ago they forgot my sauce and threw all my fries in the bag. Cheeseburger overcooked. Last time they forgot my sauce AND my straw, so at least they are improving. Maybe one day, they'll get the entire order right on the first try. I'm giving them 5 stars because fucking up orders and manhandling your food is a McDonalds tradition at this point. Keep it up.Ordered the Travis Scott burger combo and the 10 pc. Nugget combo. Pulled up to the window to pay and waited a good 5 min for the girl to get off of her phone to accept my payment. Pulling up to the window to get my food was even more problematic. The guy needed to see my receipt to see what I ordered. Then another guy opened the window just a crack to ask me something about Travis Scott. My 16 year old son wanted the burger not me. Literally could not understand a word coming out of this young mans mouth. He kept repeating himself when finally I said... "look , I'm not understanding you at all ". Got food... missing fries, and the damn Travis Scott burger was a frickin Big Mac. Didn't notice till we got home. Uuuughhh..... avoid this location. And .... owners that are reading this review... I will say a prayer for you.The cashier was so rude from the beginning (no customer service/hospitality while another employee was very nice) then the food order was incorrect, the bun was hard and messy with cross contamination. The only thing good was the manager handled it properly and returned our money with kindness all while the cashier was muttering under her breath all her complaints about us. We did not go there to argue with the cashier. We are not having an "attitude problem" because we simply wanted our order correct and not nasty.I really dislike leaving negative reviews, however I believe in being . Honesty is something I value in others and myself, especially when it comes to reviews. 
Macdonald's is pretty standard and consistent across the board and across the country. That being said, I must say this is consistently the worst one. You will wait forever in the drive through. Nothing is ever ready and it doesn't matter what time you go. It doesn't matter if your the only one ordering in the drive-thru, be prepared to wait at least 20 mins. When you get to the second window, you will observe arguing amongst the employees. No one knows what's going on or what they're doing. I say this after a multitude of visits for the last year. They only reason I went back was its proximity to my home. Hence, I have started choosing another fast food chain. 
The one positive I can say is it's location is is great and convenient. It is perfectly situated on St. Charles Avenue & Louisiana intersection. Sorry, however I expect more from a behemoth such as McDonald's.NEVER, EVER COME HERE. WORST MCDONALD'S IN EXISTENCE.  
Customer service isn't the best in New Orleans, but this is over all the worst. I have come here since it opened and I do not think I have ever had a good experience here. I even called and complained at one point about a particular incident.  
I used to come almost every morning. I ordered my normal large ice coffee and a egg white sandwich. The girl at the window, her name was Diamond, handed me a medium ice coffee. When I said, "Oh, no. I had a large drink," she said, "That is a large." I explained to her I get this drink almost every morning and I know that's not a large. She then picks up a large cup, opens the medium and pours it into the large cup and hands it to me, without filling it. I was trying to be polite and I asked that, for next time, if she could fill it the rest of the way up. And I drove away. 
TWO WEEKS LATER, the same girl, Diamond, was working the check out window. She said, "I remember you." And then yelled at me (with an elevated voice) that I was "so rude," and "don't tell me how to do my job!" 
I was shocked and appalled, but only said, "Please have your manager at the next window." The manager was not at the window when I pulled up and had to ask for her again. I asked the girl at the next window for the manager, she was noncompliant and nonchalant. Finally, the manager came up and I explained what had just transpired. She really didn't care and barely said sorry. 
So, I called the corporate office, explained the situation and asked to be followed up on. BUT absolutely zero action was taken!!! One lady called me, only one time, from the New Orleans costumer service branch, but I missed her call. I called her back three times over the next week, leaving voice mails every time. I received zero response. 
And, just for reference, I went today. Terrible, rude service. The girl at the window was arguing with another employee with my food and drink in her hand and continued to yell at her as she handed me my items, without acknowledging me at all. BAD SERVICE, EVERY TIME GUARANTEED. 
In short, just keep driving. The only reason this McDonald's gets any revenue is because people don't want to drive all the way to Claiborne, but, if you're smart, you will!!!This is the worst McDonald's I've ever been to.  And I've driven cross country several times, have traveled through Europe - needless to say - I've been to many McDonald's. 
I allow myself a McDonald's breakfast every Saturday morning as a treat.  This McDonald's is just a block away from my condo.  So every Saturday morning, I walk over and order the same thing.  The EXACT SAME ORDER.  Every Saturday.  They somehow manage to get my order wrong EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  And on the occasion that I do get lunch or dinner there - same thing. They are incapable of getting an order right, it seems.
Their entire system is ridiculous.  Most McDonald's will have you get in line, place your order, and wait there until your order is ready (which usually takes less than 5 minutes) - then they take the next person in line.  Not here.  Here they take your order & shout "NEXT IN LINE" in your face so you can move over, then stand there while they take a ridiculously long time to put your order together, then they shout out your order number when it's ready.
While not everyone who works there is incompetent (there are several very nice employees, very good at their jobs), the majority seem grossly incompetent, and extremely lazy.  There is always a wait for hash browns/fries because nobody bothers to make sure the supply is always fresh & ready.  There is never any fresh coffee - for the same reasons as the hash browns/fries.  And if you dare to speak up & tell them you've been waiting 20 minutes (like I did this morning) for FAST food - the attitude you get in return is outrageous!  Then again, said attitude is ever-present on the majority of the workers there.
There also always seems to be an issue with things not working or being broken.  Now - whether this is true or not - or whether the aforementioned incompetent/lazy employees just don't want to work - who can say?  But I find it a bit suspect that their ice cream machine is broken almost every single time I've ever tried to order.  And I'm talking once every few months or so.  How is the machine broken constantly - for that long stretch of time??  Or is is just that the lazy incompetent who rolled his/her eyes through taking my order while texting on her cell phone simply couldn't be bothered to do their job? 
I never EVER eat in the actual "restaurant."  I always take my order to-go.  Because it is not very clean looking.  And they allow homeless people to loiter & harass customers both inside & outside.
This morning - the 20 minute wait for my simple order, the fact that they messed up my order AGAIN, the ordering process, being harassed by someone begging for money, and stepping in a pool of who-knows-what right out side the door (didn't look like rain/water) - after all of this I just had to vent.  Goodness knows it won't make a difference.
But.  Yeah.  A few good employees aside - worst McDonald's I've EVER been to.They should shut this place down. I work in the neighborhood and have come here 3 times and all 3 times the food was wrong, disgusting, staff unsanitary. Waited 18 minutes for a Mcchcicken sandwich! And it was burnt and dry. I threw it away and left.  I lunch for me today. Management rude and yelling at customer. Entire lobby filthy. Merry Christmas. Disgusting every single time.