I ordered from Postmates and had the best vegan breakfast ever. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and apple sausage (v) absolutely amazing, even after it became cold. Wayyyyyy better than Seed, another local vegan spot.Drinks: Vegan Power Shakes
I decided to get a smoothie here instead of at frozen banana a few stalls down in the French Market, and I was quite disappointed with my decision. Despite the fact that this place might be more healthy, I was hoping for a more refreshing and icy consistency. With the dehydrating weather, the shake was too heavy to drink. The smoothie instantly got hot through the straw when it wasn't being consumed. Chunks of fruits weren't fully blended and got stuck in the straw or at the bottom of the cup.
I wouldn't recommend the shake if you are looking for a refresher. The drink is more of a meal replacer. Two shakes came out to be $17.97. Quite steep for NOLA.Good service from most of the members of staff. They offer free orange wedges and ice water for those ordering. I got the crab tacos and they were soo good but HUGE. If you order them know it's not on the menu but you can order only one, they take up a whole plate so I'd recommend doing that and getting some homemade carrot juiceOne of the best breakfasts I've had in the quarter.  The egg white omelette is out of this world.  Gluten free and vegan options available too :)Delicious! Worth the wait. I had crab cake and poached egg. Crab cake was amazing, full of crab and very little filler/bread crumb. So light and fluffy. Poached egg was cooked to perfection. Thank you
Vegan pancakes and Gumbo phenomenal as well. Eat here it is worth it.All you vegan, gluten free and vegetarians out there, this is the place to get a great meal....
From the vegan shake....black bean burger also the black beans w/brown rice and avocado, everything here is delicious. The owner/manager James, answered all of my questions concerning the different dishes. Also, Rivia was very helpful in explaining how some of the dishes were made. The Cafe is located in the French Market so there's plenty of seating....
We had lunch there and also ordered dinner to go..
This Cafe is definitely worth a visit when in New Orleans!!!!Sorry guys but your service is terrible. Not that the people at the front aren't friendly the wait time for food is a joke. Almost 45 minutes for three simple dishes: two egg omelet with toasted English muffin, 1 egg omelet in English muffin and two pancakes. 
Three people who ordered their food after me were served first. On top of it the food was fine. Nothing special  just an omelet and pancakes. The only thing keeping them from 1 star is the food was hot.
To the owner, please have someone help you figure out how to execute your time management.So many vegan options at this place right in the middle of the French Market! Make sure you add a side of the vegan apple sausage if you are going for breakfast.Best crab cakes I have had in a long time and the cheapest meal on the trip. Great place to go.I have to admit that I was skeptical about a sandwich shop that serves gluten free Poboys...but, FEAR NOT! Get the crab cake Poboy and you are in for a heathly treat.Healthy home cooking.  Best bet in the French Market.Love this place! I came here multiple times last summer because they are one of the very few places I was able to find that cater to special orders and food allergies. It is located in the French Market, directly across from the crepe stand (which is also great but that's another review altogether). Blink and you'll miss it. Everything was pretty good and the people that work there are so nice and accommodating. They offer you fresh fruit while you wait for your food; I found the wait time to be kind of long, so I ordered ahead thru Yelp. I advise you to consider doing so as well since this place can get crowded in the mornings. My order was always correct upon pickup. 
The gluten free/vegan pancakes were served with fresh strawberries and blueberries, as well as some nuts and maple syrup. Other typical breakfast options are available like eggs, and they also serve gluten free toast. They advertise themselves to be a low salt/low fat restaurant so you might find yourself reaching for the salt if you order eggs! I also had a Po boy for lunch, served with potatoes and fresh veggies. Yum. The only thing I wasn't a big fan of was the Okra Gumbo. It was just okay, not very flavorful. Needed more seasoning.
Pretty sure I bought out their entire Vegan dessert display every time I went! I recommend the brownie bar and the peanut butter bar. So chocolaty and rich. 
This place is pretty expensive, but seeing as it's one of the few healthier options in the area it's worth it! If I ever return to NOLA I'll be back :)Finally found healthy & tasty option in the Quarter. Best crab cakes I've had this side of Baltimore. Friendly & fast service. Make sure you get there early.Love this place.  I had a large version of the black bean burger with a side of potatoes--very yummy.  I ate with one of the owners--I'm not sure if it was Marilyn or Averill--but she was lovely and offered her perspective on healthy cooking in the Big Easy.Two accommodating and friendly ladies run this breakfast/lunch counter in the French Market. They're very attentive to diners' dietary preferences and generally it's a friendly, happy place.  The pancakes and oatmeal we enjoyed had a bit too much cinnamon for my taste, but that's a personal preference thing. The "vegan power shake" was a very tasty fruit concoction. Overall, the food was good, without being transcendent.This place is amazing! We love food and have eaten at a good number of places in Ne...but this one is special. Great vegan and gluten free options.  I highly recommed the portbella mushroom po boy on gf bread! Delicious!Came here looking for a great po boy. Got the crab cake po boy, which after reading the reviews on it, the po boy tasted very mediocre not as superb as everyone else makes it sound to be! The crab cakes at NOLA to me were better. My boyfriend got the "okra" gumbo, which had too much rice in it , had no flavor and also didn't have okra. The gumbo the locals pointed us to was much more inexpensive and taste so much better! First and last for us.Not the best crabcake ever but it's a strong third place. My crabcake came on a bed of greens and the salad dressing was the highlight of my meal. I think next time I ll try the crabcake po-boy instead. If you are searching for healthier options to dine at this would be the place.I wish it were a bit cheaper, but for the location and considering everything around it is not cheap, it makes sense. If you are like me and looking for anything healthy in this neighborhood you have found it here. You will not sacrifice taste and the flavors of New Orleans for health's sake.  And with that being one of my personal life's missions, I was sold from bite one!
First they give you a delicious tangerine while you wait for your order... sensible palate cleanser and so fragrant!  
The crabcakes are NOT to be missed!!! Served on a bed of delicious greens with housemade dressing and a tarter-like sauce.
We also split a Vegan Pancake with maple syrup and fresh fruit! MMMMMMMM!!!!!!
We will definitely be back.I spent Christmas in New Orleans with my husband.  I recently adopted a vegan diet and researched all my vegan options while on vacation.  Meals From the Heart Cafe was GREAT! (13 Monaghan on Frenchman was also super delicious)  The vegan smoothie was AWESOME and their black bean burger, YUM.  My husband couldn't get enough of mine (he ordered the crab cake and was very pleased).  He also really enjoyed the vegan smoothie (kept drinking mine).  The lovely woman behind the counter offered to make me something not on the menu as long as they had the ingredients.  I went back several times during that week.  I highly recommend to anyone near the French Market.  Meat eaters and vegans alike.   Do allow yourself some time - they make everything from scratch so it takes 15-30 minutes to get your food.Amazing!! They can accommodate gluten free and vegan diets - and the food is so good!! The food is much healthier than most of the other food in the French Quarter. They're even able to make GF and vegan creole and Cajun favorites. You MUST try the hot chocolate!!! It's amazing!!! It's made with almond milk, but it's so rich and delicious you'd never know.Their gluten free pancakes!! MUST Have!! You will be worried that they aren't really gluten free because they taste sooooo good!! But I have celiac and no reaction!! Get the blueberry pancakes!! My mouth is watering just thinking about them now that I am back home!! I almost didn't get a picture because we were scarfing them down too quickly and I almost forgot! Located in the French Market! Totally worth finding them!! Then you can shop for some
Tourist souvenirs afterwards!! Good OJ too!!Everything we had was really nice. Got the roast beef with asiago on whole wheat, tuna on whole wheat with provolone, and hummus. Carried it back to our hotel to eat. It all transported very well. Wish I would have found this place earlier in our stay as I would have gone back. This place is located inside the French market.My husband and I live in Southern California, and eat a clean diet, with lots of vegetables and no red meat or pork. I looked at dozens of restaurant menus online, and ate at 2 of the best and most famous restaurants in NOLA, and we were always limited to maybe one dishes on the menu. After 2 days in NOLA, we only were able to order an all vegetable side that was NOT fried or loaded with cheese or butter once. (NOTE: Ordering fish "Simply grilled" in NOLA means its still likely means there is butter added to the oil.)  We walked about 15 min to get to Meals from the Heart to try their lunch, and it was well worth every minute. After reading all of the Yelp reviews, I was looking forward to trying the Crab Cake Passion, but was so excited to see that they offer a gluten-free version!  I tried that, and the Raw Avocado and Beet Salad.  My husband had the Black Bean Soup as well as the salad.
First off, the gluten-free Crab Cake was awesome!  The owner keeps a hand counted running tally daily of the total number of crab cakes sold since they have been in business for the last 4 years (her brother showed it to us). The numbers speak for themselves!  Although there is also very little filler, regardless, nothing about the crab cake tasted gluten-free!
The Raw Avocado and Beet Salad was amazing!  I don't usually like raw beets, broccoli, asparagus, carrots or cauliflower, but these veggies were agreat!  They almost tasted blanched - but whatever they were, it was awesome!  I don't eat avocados, but my husband loves them, and thought they were perfectly ripe and had great flavor.  Overall the veggies tasted like they were grown in an organic garden.
The Black Bean Soup looked great, and also tasted great!  There was very low sodium in it (which is a theme of the establishment). For the price, my husband thought it was a nice sized portion and the best meal he had in NOLA!
As a nice little treat, the owner gives you a Cutie (clementine orange) as well.  Such a sweet touch!
Just as their name implies, it was clear that all the food was cooked from scratch and by hand, carefully (and the owner and her brother confirmed this). 
Our only regret is that we didn't have time to eat there for a 2nd or 3rd time on our trip!
The only thing I would make sure that you know before you go is that this isn't a formal restaurant. They are a vendor with kind of a booth set up at the French Quarter Farmers Market (see the picture posted). Don't get me wrong, not a negative thing, it was clean and cozy, and had a few seats so you can sit and eat at the counter, which we loved because we could talk to the owner and her brother. The Farmers Market does have a seating area with tables and chairs nearby as well - so that's an option too. That said, they also specialize in take out too.I highly recommend eating here! The food was fresh and delicious, and unquestionably gluten free! The owner was very knowledgable of the gluten free requirements. He was friendly and explained that the establishment started out as a heart healthy option, but found an easy adaptation to gluten free for many of their items after their first year. 
The food is delicious and oh so fresh! We really enjoyed the crab cake tacos and tilapia tacos. My husband ordered gumbo, too, but after only one of the crab cake tacos, I was satisfied. My daughter loves the gf brownie. Best news yet? They will ship the crab cakes and gumbo to YOU! AND THEY HAVE A GF KING CAKE! I didn't think I'd ever taste one again.Enjoyed a delicious crab cake taco lunch. All was gluten free! Best part of this place, though, are the people. Inviting and kind.The food was delicious and much healthier than we found in the rest of the Quarter.  The crab cakes are amazing, whether in the "Passion" or in the crab cake and vegetable omelette.  One of the best meals to be found in the French Quarter!  The service was friendly and fun to top it all off!Healthy well-run small stand in the middle of the French Market.  Fresh fruit and vegetables are unfortunately a rare commodity in New Orleans, but this place delivers.  Only a few seats available so most orders are to go.Come for the vegan pancakes! Some of the tastiest pancakes ever and of course being in the French market/French quarter is a major plus. Beware of the wait though as each time I've been it's taken about 45 minutes but it's always worth it and you can browse around the market meanwhile.In a city filled with butter and gluten, Meals from the Heart is an oasis. Marilyn, the owner, remembered our names and orders and allergies on our second visit. The food was delicious and I was able to experience all of the local dishes safely!!!Amazing vegan and gluten free options. The vegan-apple patties were the biggest hit! The gentleman serving us was adorably hospitable.We stumbled upon this cafe by chance as we were strolling through the market.. crab cakes were advertised and there was no way I was going to miss crab cakes... mmmmmm... those crab cakes were utter bliss... Hubster had it on a muffin with an egg and me, with a salad...  crab cakes needless to say were excellent...but that salad and that dressing... those blew me away too.. and trust me, I'm not very enthusiastic about salads... the two ladies (I'm sorry, I should've asked you) serve you their food with sooo much love, it makes it a must go to place.. and yes.. the house Remoulade... the best I've had in the city!!! We enjoyed our food so much that this is the only place we went to for a second time in our 5 day trip and went with black bean burger and vegan crab cake Po Boy... and wth,  we literally licked everything off our plates!! Kudos to this family owned business.. the meals are truly from their hearts!!"Open-air market with crab cakes. This can't be good." How wrong. It's great! In the middle of tourist trap market stands and restaurants, Meals from the Heart Cafe offers a great, somewhat healthy option. 
I had the crab cake tacos. The dish comes with two large tacos with a generous amount of crab-cake and lettuce. It also comes with two types of sauce - both of which are great!
I would stop by here if you're looking for lunch in the French market area and want something casual.Great service, an great food! What more could you ask for?! Make sure you try the black bean soup, it was amazing!!They have the best!! Vegan blueberry pancakes :) and vegan veggie apple sausage pattiesOne word....DELICIOUS!!
I had the crab cake po'boy and it was incredible! Great location and the service was fantastic! My friend and I were able to get seats at the counter and the wait was minimal. She's vegan, so we came here based on previous reviews. I cannot recommend Meals From The Heart enough...fantastic!We had a great lunch and the crab tacos were fabulous. We ate lunch at the counter and service friendly and quick. Located at the French Market.Food:  
Wonderful!
Their black bean burger was the best burger I've ever had!  It was so good that I had to pick one up to go before I set out for the airport to go home.  The full sized burger comes with a side of veggies, making it a nice and balanced meal.  
The portabella mushroom burger was really good too (my husband prefers the portabella mushroom over the black bean, but I prefer the black bean).  
The vegan protein smoothie is a must try.  It was so delicious and so very good for you.  
Service:
Great!  The servers were friendly and we got complimentary oranges to munch on while we waited for our food.  :)
Price:
Very reasonable for the quality that you get.  
There are not a whole lot of vegan options to choose from in New Orleans.  This place is definitely worthy visiting!I still feel like I'm in heaven from the dreamiest breakfast ever. My husband and I each had a veggie omelet, and we split a blueberry pancake and a dreamy crab cake. I am ***salivating*** thinking about that crab cake. Everything we had was fantastic. The people that work there are so warm and friendly. I want to stay in NOLA longer just so I can have more breakfasts here! Plus, it's such a unique experience sitting at the counter in the French Market watching everyone set up for the busy day ahead.One of the best crab cakes versions I've eaten: 
Crab cakes tacos!!
Nice place in French market. Listening live jazz. Cool people walking around.My chicken po'boy on Udi's gluten free bread was delicious and the service was top notch. This is on my must-return list!!Great food and location. Freshly prepared and worth the wait.First time leaving a review but this place deserved it! We had three meals here across two days, vegan shake rocks and the chicken poboy was delish. Much needed clean food break on our travels. Can't wait for the melbourne franchise to open!This is my kind of place. I don't want nuttin' fancy, just good food. So they are famed for their crabcake passion, hence an easy decision on what to get. It was just a matter of how to get it packaged as one can get it part of a few dishes.
I went with the po-boy and got their homemade tea. Loved both. Among the best po-boys I've ever had. Roll was very fresh, tea great, friendly service.Best vegan pancakes and sausage (apple patties) I've ever had in my 8 years as a vegan.Due to my restricted diet it has become increasingly difficult to find restaurants to accommodate my needs. Meals From The Heart Cafe came well recommended on numerous websites and through word of mouth. 
The location is genius. Smack dab in the Quarter and easy to find whether local or tourist. It feels so alive sitting there enjoying a meal. Sadly, the limited seating and busy atmosphere does make for a meal on the go a lot of the time. It is nice being able to find gluten free and vegetarian food in the Quarter though.
The people that run it are super friendly and give you service with a smile. It is obvious that they really love what they do and truly pour their heart into their food.
If I have such glowing things to say why is the rating so neutral, you may be asking? Well, the food is decent enough. It is nothing super special but tasty enough. The prices are what break it for me. For the comfort food they provide I expected a bit on the cheaper side of things. 
That being said, it is a small complaint in the grand scheme of things. The food is tasty and the service is amazing. If you have a restricted diet you should at least give this place a shot.
P.s- The Gluten Free Po'boy is delicious but certainly not a real Po'boy due to the bread ;)We were really excited for the crab cakes and okra gumbo but unfortunately it disappoints. The okra gumbo didn't have any actual chunks of okra in it.... mostly just rice and over cooked shrimp. The crab cake was all bread fillers.... not a lot of actual lump crab :/Each time I visit New Orleans I make a point to eat here. The food is great and the service is even better. Whatever you order, add a crab cake. Trust me on this. 
This place is very aware of different dietary restrictions and does an excellent job of accommodating vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free diners. In a city full of fried food and roux, it's a real pleasure. 
If I had to come up with a complaint, it would be that everything is served on disposable ware. There likely isn't room in the back for a dish machine, but real plates and utensils would make the whole experience even better.The only healthy restaurant  in the quarter. food is fresh, staff is friendly and very accommodating. Need vegan option?.. NO PROBLEM! No gluten?.. NO PROBLEM! This place doesn't even use flour in the kitchen :) enjoy the market atmosphere while sitting at their food bar.  Love love love :))The 4.5 star average for this establishment was well reflected in the delicious food and friendly service I received on my visit. I came for breakfast with my partner on a warm June morning. We ordered the crab cake and poached egg along with the fruit bowl. Both were fantastic. The crab cake was moist inside and perfectly crisped outside. The sauces accompanying the meal were equally yummy. The fruit bowl had nice variety. Would definitely eat here again.The crab cake passion is where it's at. I grew up on the Gulf Coast and have always considered myself a crab gourmand and this place delivers! Located in the heart of the French Market this place is an absolute must visit.Came here twice in one day!  I had serious reservations about coming to NOLA with a sensitivity to gluten... so this café was such a great find, and in a great location.  I had the pancakes for breakfast, and crabcake for lunch.  It was filling and fresh, delicious and healthy!  The service was personal, warm and friendly. I wish there were more locations across the city.  My first trip to NOLA was amazing thanks to a place like this! Cheers and hope to be back!I just ordered from here and not only was the service fast, but everyone was super friendly!Great restaurant with gluten free options. The food was amazing. Definitely will be back the next rime I'm in town.First time in New Orleans and I found my go to breakfast spot! Food sooooo good I came back and ordered the same thing two mornings in a row....vegan blueberry pancakes and vegan apple sausage. You don't have to be vegan to enjoy it, and the best part is you wont be able to tell that its vegan. April is amazing and the rest of the staff is too.
Go Enjoy!!!Amazing glutenfee pancakes... right in the middle of the French Quarter farmers market.... The food is wonderful, the people are just as wonderful, I'd like to go back for every mealNot sure how this place is good for the heart with an unhelpful waiter and bacon on the menu. I get that they are trying but I felt deceived as there are very few vegan options and most can not be made gluten free. The menu is a lie. It's gluten free or vegan. It's def better than all the other restaurants in nolo besides Seed and a couple other spots. With very few to no healthy options in nolo looks like this is your option if you care about your health. If you walk around it's shocking to see so many obese people here so if you do care you are def in the vast minority. Nolo needs a health intervention ASAP. Fat people eating animals then wondering why they are so fat and then die and the poor animals are tortured and murdered and don't get a choice.I cant stop thinking about the crab cake poboy!  Unfortunately I only got to experience 2 restaurants in all of NOLA but im so glad I found this place.  It has to be probably one of the only places that offer vegan options and are cooked to order.  This gem is located in the french market.  The owner was so sweet and told me that she made all her own sauces.  She even gave me a few slices of oranges while I waited for my food.  She must have known I needed it...lol  The sauces by the way  were full of flavor and amazing.  You left feeling fantastic and full of energy and not sluggish like you would after.  and if you have ever been to the big easy you would know that you need a lot of energy!  
I will defiantly be back to NOLA and Meals from the Heart Cafe!Had the crab cake po boy and it was nothing short of amazing. The crab cake all but melts in your mouth and the house made remoulade sauce is a great accompaniment as well.
The staff are friendly and attentive and it definitely says something about the place if a small cafe like this has it's fair share of regulars coming back for more. 
Definitely a go-to in NOLA, and more so if you're in the FQ!Best crab cake sandwich in New Orleans. I love that we were given a few oranges while we waited. It's pretty big so share if you're not super hungry.I almost skipped ordering food from here because it was my cheat birthday weekend and I felt like being the greasy kind of bad.  But I had seen this place mentioned somewhere on TV so I felt compelled.  
BEST CRAB CAKE SAMMY EVER!
Wow.  This crabcake was bliss.  So light, so fresh, and the crab just shined.  The remoulade that accompanied was also 5 stars.  Scratch perfection.    The bread was fresh and the veggies tasted just picked.  It was truly outstanding.  
I didn't even want a bite of the salad (see aforementioned cheat weekend) but I ended up fighting for the last bites of it ...the scratch dressing was so delicious.  
This place really makes you realize that expertly prepared healthy food beats the pants off the yucky bad fried food you think you want   Every day of the week.  
Do not skip this place.  Come here, order anything, and be rewarded!Excellent service.  Vegan options, good ones!   Plenty of variety of everyone.  Pleasent staff.  Knowledgeable.  Offered complimentary ice water and orange slices. Everyone very friendly.  Clean environment.  I had vegan gumbo.  Highly recommend this stop!This place in the French Market was a great find for someone who is gluten-free and has other food allergies. Indulging in the Crab Cake Passion--a gluten-free crab cake and poached egg on gluten-free bread with a side salad--made my morning. Plus my terrific counter person offered me the "fruit of the day"--which happened to be a little mandarin orange--to tide me over until my order came. BTW, that was the prettiest poached egg I have ever seen. 
This place is a gem of a find for anyone who is celiac, vegan, or who has any kind of food allergy. The staff is crazy happy to help sort out the menu. The counter server even brought out the label from the bread so I could be sure none of my allergens were in it. 
Next time I will try the gluten-free blueberry pancakes. From the exclamations of the folks down the way, they are to die for. Meals From the Heart Cafe is doing it right!The reviews on here are not legitimate.  Do not fall for it.  We walked to here from Bourbon Street for breakfast and were sorely disappointed.  Basically, the food was average (nothing I couldn't make for myself at home, and nothing authentic to the area except crab cakes).  The wait was unbelievable.  At least 40min to prepare 3 omelets and bacon.  Seriously, the food was NOT great and by the time we got the food we were ready for lunch instead.  Other people got po-boys from nearby stands and were much happier.On my first visit to New Orleans last week, during my four day stay, I visited Meals from the Heart Cafe twice for lunch because the first crab cake was so delicious!  The presentation is beautiful and the sauces/dressing are really tasty.  The crab cakes are made to order, grilled rather than fried, and absolutely scrumptious.  New Orleans has lots of great food for reasonable prices; this is a prime example.  And the people behind the counter, who might be the owners, are super friendly and accommodating.I randomly stumbled upon this place while strolling through the French Market on a Thursday morning right before the venue opened. My fiance and I had just landed in NOLA and were on the search for some vegan breakfast options when we saw the sign for Meals From The Heart Cafe, offering both vegan and gluten free options. All meals here are made from scratch and thus take 15-20 minutes to prepare, but it is well worth the wait. We both tried the vegan pancakes which came with vegan butter, walnuts, fresh fruit, and maple syrup. The meal was fabulous and the staff was incredibly welcoming!Healthy food to help you detox from the night before (but don't be fooled -- this was one of the best meals we ate in NOLA, and we ate everywhere). Crab cake with poached egg? Divine. And the gluten-free pancakes were extreme. I'd been supposed to share but while Lala was in the bathroom, I ate them all. No lie. 
Averill was charming and funny and absolutely no-nonsense. She was as good for the soul as the food was to our sad, abused, hungover bodies.This place is a welcome retreat from the high grease, overly rich food of the Quarter. Marilyn and staff are wonderful - friendly and quick. (By the way, Sara M., NO pork products served! Hangover confusion, perhaps?! ) The open faced veggie omelette is easily split between 2.  They also have a frequent diner card - we took advantage of that. REALLY lovely karma - and good for you! Enjoy...Meals From The Heart-I love you, for so many reasons. First, finding a gluten free place to eat in NOLA was so thrilling(and you know what I mean if you're gluten free), and to find it staffed with the friendly and absolutely hilarious Averill, her darling and hardworking Grandson, who doted on me, and not to mention James, who knew from an order up just who it was for, made it perfect. They remembered my name, when I showed up every day of my trip, and chatted with me. I felt flattered, silly as that is... I love that they offer orange slices and water while you wait. I love that they engage. I'm about "experiences", not just good food, so with all the lovely humans that make this place the perfect, yummy yet healthy oasis, and with all the cool people eating at the counter that I encountered from all over the world, I had so many fabulous ones.
As for what's good? The blueberry pancakes! Yes! I cannot do beignets anymore, so having these little circles of heaven made that just fine, and I didn't feel deprived. Their big salad with veggies that I added chicken to, was good and tasty. Chicken poboy. Good! Big Easy Bucha made me a happy girl! Oh, and there is this orange sauce that they serve with their savory items. Oh my... I also have to share that with all the fabulous, but often heavy food I ate at night on my trip, eating the delicious, healthy food at Food From The Heart during the day, for some reason, just set me right. 
I really do not understand the few lower starred reviews. I guess we can't all have 5 star experiences, though some things... Why should this eatery be any less expensive? It's organic, it's gluten free, it's vegetarian, it's vegan(I even tried their vegan "butter" which was truly amazing). If you live in the United States, you know that these particular issues always equal more money, and no matter where you buy it, it's more expensive to buy. It's freshly made, so that may account for a longer wait time at times. As for size, I never once left hungry, and for a human that is fairly fit, I can really put it away. If you spoke to anyone that works here about the history, you would find out that the two women owners have a nutrition background. This place can also be very busy, and if my food took a long time to come out, I'd ask. 
I'm going back in May, and I'll be there every single day. Hear that Averill, Lisa is headed back your way!The vegan okra gumbo was delicious  love that there is a place with options for vegetarians, vegan, and people who want gluten free!Start your day here and the rest will be good! Thank you Avril for amazing food without the processed garbage!! Best omelets, power shakes and gumbo in town!I had the crab cake passion (yummy sauce) and the black bean soup + vegan power shake. All great tasting ie. they use good ingredients. Hard to find a great healthy place to eat in New Orleans...people working here are cool also!Crab cake poboy is the absolute best poboy I have had so far in any of my trips. Customer service is excellent. This is my 5th time in New Orleans and I have walked past this place every time in the market place not thinking much, I will be coming here every time I visit now. If you are in town this is a must visit!Although this is a small fast food place, the wait can often be a while. The black bean burger and vegan smoothie are both excellent! A nice, healthy meal in a deep fried city.The vegan gumbo is like whoa! You don't need to add salt or anything. It is perfection. I always want to try the other healthy vegan options but everytime I come, vegan gumbo just rolls off of my tongue. Vegan crab cakes are amazing as well...yummm! Oh! ...and locals, ask for your punch card cause you will be back. #sonolaThe best gluten free meal I had in New Orleans! I got the crab cake po boy (GF) and it was so delicious 
They make everything fresh so it took about 15-20 minutes - well worth the waitWhat made this place great were the two gracious women behind the counter and their attentiveness to make sure every customer was taken care of! It also helps that this place is great respite from all the fried food!  The crab cakes were fresh and tasty as was the healthy beet and avocado salad. 
But what sticks out the most is one of the lovely ladies -Geraldine and our great conversation of books and her  history in the civil rights movement. I hope she comes to visit us in BK!Stumbled upon this cute little cafe after searching for good Gluten Free and Vegan options. It's smaller than expected (just a little bar to sit at), but lots of open seating in the French Market. 
The menu is short but provides a ton of options for Gluten free and vegan, including some amazing crab cakes, Gluten free pancakes, and vegan gumbo. My friend and I both had he crab cake tacos. Delicious and nine were GF and vegan. Topped it off with a chicory vanilla coffee Kombucha from a local place (Bug East Bucha), and my friend had the Frozen Iced Coffee, which was super smooth and delicious. Definitely a great first stop for our NoLa weekend!Being a Californian vegetarian, it can be difficult, or impossible, to find food in N.O. Fortunately, Meals From the Heart Cafe is smack dab in the middle of the French Market. Despite getting a meal to go, my girlfriend and I received some of the best service either of us have experienced. We walked up to the counter and were met by very friendly service staff who treated us to clementine oranges while we waited. 
Our food was very delicious. All of the veggies were fresh, even the avocado was perfect. Their patties for their black bean burgers were house-made, and very flavorful! 
Overall, our experience was wonderful! Totally amazing to find many vegetarian options and wonderful service in the same restaurant!!!Got there as they were opening up. Friendly staff that served us some fresh cut oranges while we waited on our breakfast. The coffee was superb! Ha ya I said superb because it was that good. The pancakes I got were so fluffy and made with fresh fruit and served with warm syrup. With in minutes this place was packed and the next day when we walked by... You guessed it.. It was busy!  This was such a great way to start our first day in New Orleans. Can't wait to come back and visit again just so we can come eat breakfast here again. Can't believe how fluffy those vegan pancakes were!