Best pie in the city!  I get that spicy Fire Bird pizza.  Chicken, hot sausage, asparagus, roasted red pep, and pepper-Ronny.  Add a little siracha.  MmmmJust went for first time few days ago. Glad I did. Very good thin crust NY-style pies. Jumps right up the chart to Número Dos of nola pizzerias. Ceaser salad was pretty good too.The good:
Pizza was delicious (pepperoni, basil and buffalo mozzarella). Nice and thin. Could have used a little more sauce, but that is just a personal preference. Chicken tenders were delicious, nice and crispy with a ranch dipping sauce. Pretty standard, but tasted great.
The driver also showed up in a suit jacket. Lawl.
The bad:
We didn't order chicken tenders...we actually ordered cheese bread, so they either mixed up our cheese bread with someone's tenders, or they weren't paying attention to our order over the phone.
Speaking of which, the person answered the phone, "hello?" which isn't very business-y, as opposed to the second time we called and got "mid-city pizza". I get that people don't want to be corporate-y and formal, but at least say your store's name so people know they have the right number.  
The ugly:
There was a mix-up with our address. After an hour and 15 minutes, we called the store to see what the hold-up was. About 3 minutes later, we get a call from the driver. Somehow they were 2 numbers off. We've lived at that location over a year and know our own address and "nine" doesn't sound at all like "seven", so the problem was definitely not on our end. Due to this mistake, our pizza took almost an hour and a half to get to our house, which meant that by the time it got there, it was cold. We heated it up in the toaster oven and it tasted fine, so I know that if it had actually arrived at our house piping hot, it would have been that. much. better. 
Conclusion:
Had they gotten our order and address right, they would have gotten 5 stars. Not sure what the person on the phone was doing when he was taking our order...... :/
From now on, I think this will be a take-out or sit-in kind of deal so that I can assure that my order is right and can take it back to my address. Which I know pretty well.Best pizza in NOLA hands down. Can't beat their crust! You have to order their special CBFS sauce that the owner makes himself every morning before opening. Also, get their read beans and rice pizza! Its off the chain.Mid city pizza is the best pizza in the city by far. Their specialty pies are fantastic! They have unique choices for toppings-- asparagus, garlic cloves, roasted red peppers-- the outside seating is nice to watch sports, or old classics like Cool Runnings. The Simpsons and NBA jam arcade games are badass. Staff was very welcoming and even though very busy, accommodating to everyone. Their craft beer selection is great too.Mid city pizza is consistently serving up the best NY style pie that has ever graced Banks Street. The owner is super chill, and the employees are all nice people. Open late, fat toppings, and they deliver. Who dat Mid City Pizza dat.Best cheese sticks ever!!! They are huge and and delicious. Price is nice too. We got wings, cheese sticks and their waffle fries and were stuffed for under $20. Great late night go to spot. Their food is not over fried and out of a freezer bag and it definitely shows. Awesome pizza. I love the thin crust.NOPE!  Sorry.  I've had to update my reviews of this place twice because of the wild inconsistency.  Although, I still respect the place for having better pizza than everybody else in town, it's a little too varied and different upon each delivery.  
I cannot understand what happened to the sauce!  The pizza, despite its Brooklyn-like quality, is usually too dry.  Asking for extra sauce doesn't help.  Second, on this last occasion, it was extremely greasy (yet still not saucy), and it was burned black on about 85% of the bottom surface.  
I give up!  If you know good places that deliver something other than pizza in Mid-City, please let me know.Caveat: growing up between NY and Philly in a self-proclaimed tomato capital, it would be difficult to impress me with pizza made anywhere but home- I'm a tough critic.
We first tried Mid City Pizza around August. It was so delicious that I simply posted a pic on yelp, no review! Extra points because they delivered to my neighborhood- even though it's outside their usual zone- because they were slow that night. Good pizza, friendly service, and reasonably priced. 
I wasn't around when my husband had it for a second time, but he was disappointed, saying that it was a bit dry/overdone. 
Since it was so good that first time, I really wanted a tie-breaker pie! We decided to pick it up this time. Picking up means you have to go in through the bar on the corner. Not a big deal, but it was pretty smoky in there and my clothing still smelled like cigarettes when I got home (so be warned). 
Unfortunately, the tie-breaking pie was a dud. It was quite over cooked, stiff, and dry. It seemed like it had been sitting a while, which is possible, because they gave us a pretty big window for pick up time (45-60mins). Although the flavor was still good, the texture was rather disappointing. I don't think it'd be edible leftover. That being said, we did eat the whole thing. 
Pros: friendly service, reasonably priced for the city ($15 for a large), good flavors
Cons: inconsistent quality and have to walk through a very smoky bar to pick upOhhhh yes. Lazaro's, err, I mean, Mid City Pizza. Yes yes. 
The slices are big, the price is right, and the pizza is so, so good. Service is quick, but they only deliver to Mid City. Not Broadmoor! Boo! We're basically Mid City. Whatevs, I sure hope they open up their radius a little bit.
They have a window inside Banks St Bar. It's convenient. This little place is awesome.Mid City Pizza - my favorite NY style pizza here.  Many times have I gone there hungry late at night and every time they come through with the best 'za around.   If you're hungry but don't want a whole pizza, the slices are big and reasonably priced.  I like to order whole pies though.  The Fire Bird and Hawaiian Hanai Pie  are delicious.  Good vegetarian and vegan options as well.  Get you some!I rarely go out of my way to write a positive review, but as a New Yorker living in NOLA I really, really appreciate what these guys are doing. Lazaros was good, and this is even better. Tasty, fresh toppings; a crispy but fold-able crust, and a well balanced sauce/cheese ratio. Cooked evenly. Delivered politely. Priced fairly. Done.
Look, Sugar Park is really good, Theos is cute and tasty, Pizza Delicious is ok, but currently Mid City Pizza is the best in NOLA and would have a strong showing against many of my favorites in New York.Don't be fooled by the shitty sign, this is some of the best pizza in South Louisiana. Low prices and big slices plus the specialty toppings like boudin and red beans and rice pizza keep me coming back whenever I'm in town. 
Cons: I wish there were another location or delivery expanded to include uptown/garden district.If I could give this place 4.5 stars, I would. Can't speak to the dine-in experience -- or anything except the pizza, for that matter -- but overall I'm a big fan. I always request "crispy." I've found it can be a lil floppy sometimes... Reheats really well.Large flavorful slices.
Knock off 1 star for insane amount grease.
I certainly would not go out of my way to come back and I'm assuming the stellar reviews are from hungry students.
Oh there is a bar next door with an open pass through so if cigarette smoke bothers you don't expect to stay and eat.Damn good pizza made by cool dudes that love pizza as much as you do. This is the same location and same recipe as Lazaros, but different man at the helm of the operation.Very few times I can eat somewhere 4 times a week. Mid city pizza is one if those places. I live near mid city pizza so the first 2 times I ordered delivery because it seemed close to my house on Jeff Davis. Next 2 times I went there because I was at banks street bar partying and realize they were next door!!! Also on the weekends they are open till 2 am which is a life saver for me. 
  Favorite thing I order is the motz stix and large firebird. Also margarita add chicken is super good as well. They make custom pizzas and have a large topping menu which is unique over other pizzas places. Also everything is super fresh which makes this place better than everywhere else! So this to me definitely deserves 5 starsWow!!! I'm speechless! I'm hard to please when it comes to pizza, and I've never written a Yelp review, but this place is worthy of my time. Not only great tasting pizza, but fast delivery service! Next time, I'll give the dine in option a try! You should, as well!We New Orleanians need to face facts.  Pizza is not one of our strong suits.  And quite frankly, that doesn't strike me as much of a problem.  It's a low-end, no-account food that needn't be taken seriously by any stretch of the imagination.  I always feel like laughing when people from elsewhere make pizza a point of contention.  Do I go to their cities and criticize them for not having po-boys or for not having good French-Creole cuisine?   
Having said that, I agree with others that Mid-City really has the best to offer.  It reminds of the flat, thin pizzas they sell in Brooklyn.  The cheese and the pepperoni always taste just right.  
The customer service is usually good too.  The phone person and the delivery person are usually polite and friendly.I really like the atmosphere and look of this place, which is what drew me in, in the first place. 
The pizza was on point! Thin crust pepperoni is always my go to and this spot has definitely topped my list. I will definitely be coming by on my next visit!The good: Super friendly staff.  Prompt delivery. Huge pizza.
The bad: Pizza was burnt. Asked for extra sauce, and during the first two slices there was doubt that there was even sauce on the pizza to begin with.  Adding garlic as a topping gets you whole cloves of garlic scattered on random slices, which is a little much for me and not what I was expecting. 
Verdict: I actually found the pizza reasonably acceptable.  The fiance hated it. My 3 and her 1 average out to a 2.  Maybe we'll try Mid City Pizza again, but it was a lackluster experience at best this time around.I had a small pizza and salad delivered. the pizza had an ok flavor but it was dry. Not enough sauce or cheese. I like the cheese to ooze. 
I will try one more time....Great pizza. Nice little dive pizza shop in Mid City with great atmosphere. Art on the walls and the staff really set a good mood. Highly recommended.Absolutely excruciating wait for a pizza joint that really doesn't seem that busy. Staff remarkably unconcerned and unapologetic. 1 hour for a pizza? There is one other customer here! New Orleans has great food wherever you turn; don't waste your time here. Perhaps people dig the hipster ambiance; I don't know.Great pizza joint.  Inside the restaurant is a bit warm. I would def. order the pizza to goTypical bar pizza that gets better the more drunk you get.I really, really love this pizza! It's not too greasy, and the sauce is delicious. The crust is kind of thin and the perfect crunchy. Their workers are super friendly, and their delivery time is usually pretty short.I live nearby, so this is a convenient spot. I love the ninja turtle decor and the food takes a lil while longer than I'd like to wait, but it's okay because it's so hot, you can't eat it right away which is my favorite. I love when it's super duper hot. I burned probably 2 layers of skin on my Hawaiian pizza lol. But I went back another day for a premise slice and it seemed like it had been out a while and tasted a little old but I also didn't care because I was hungover. Whatever. I'll only order while pizzas from now on. I also heard there is a secret window in Banks Street bar that you can order from.Amazing pizza, cool people, charming New Orleans vibe, what more can you ask for...
My office came in for a "pizza party", as soon as we walked in we couldn't help but notice the unique and cool artwork all over the walls. The experience only grew better from there.
Apps: we had wings and cheese sticks. The wings were nothing special but I have to say, get the cheese sticks, put them in you mouth, you will not regret it.
Pizza: mmmmmmm. First, these pizzas are made with quality ingredients, good dough, tasty cheese(must be some special fancy mozzarella) and amazing sauce. The toppings are also hi quality and you find items like hot sausage and asparagus that other places don't have. I tried 3, they were all great, if you are only having one, you have to get the firebird
Dessert: I dunno because they have beer next door.
5 stars, can't wait to go back!I had no clue this place existed. I stumbled across it while searching pizza on Instagram. This ig account is hilarious btw. When I saw my favorite band Disclosure was a fan of this pizza I had to try it out. It's got me Latch(ed). lolexcellent italian style thin crust pizza pie, awesome staffTried Mid City for takeout.  Guy on the phone was friendly.  I took his suggestion and got a large half extra cheese half margarita (with buffalo mozzarella) and a Greek salad.  He said 30 minutes.
Got there in 20, just to be safe (a caution from another Yelp).  Other than two people sitting in the corner, the place was empty.  The phone was not ringing so they weren't getting bombarded with takeout and/or deliveries.  It ended up taking close to 40 minutes for the 1 pizza to be ready and when it was handed to me they had forgotten to make the salad. 
The pizza was pretty good.  They cut the slices into HUGE pieces.  I would like to try this pizza again dine-in since being a thin crust it is impossible to have that just out of the oven cheese consistency from takeout.
The plain extra cheese was better than the margarita.  For some reason the margarita didn't have much flavor beyond the basil.
The Greek salad is not worth the price (over $8).
Other than being disorganized in the kitchen, I would definitely get pizza from Mid City again.  Cool little divey dine-in area with a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles vintage arcade game that plays the theme song over and over and over while you wait.Just ate the Firebird and boy was it fiya! Best pizza in NOLA!Mid City Pizza has moved since I reviewed this, and now they have a whole big place to themselves which I have yet to visit.  I just wanted to update my review because my old one described it as "a dump," which from what I understand is no longer the case at all.  Anyway, I'm sure their pizza is still the best in the city.I'm at a house watching some NBA and about to order a mid city pizza when this guys room mate walks in with a mid city pizza. pepperoni. so we ordered a t bird. BOMB. than the other room mate walks in with some wings from mid city pizza. whoa! so good. pop up pizza party.The food here gets top 5 stars! Knocked to 4 though cause the place is a little dumpy. Parts of the sitting area are used to store ingredients and bulbs. The customer fridge with drinks also had dough for the pizzas in it. Air conditioning must have been out cause it slowly got hotter and hotter as we sat.A friend of mine ordered Mid City Pizza a few weeks ago for delivery and ever since I was dying to get more. The large is huge with New York style crust and the cheese bread was gooey and delicious. Their marinara is off the charts. I went in with another friend of mine last night for dine in. I love that its nothing fancy but a really cool, laid back atmosphere. Artwork everywhere, friendly staff (you could see the guys tossing dough in the background from the ordering window), and its connected to a neighborhood bar. Its like you're in a pizza joint from a movie. I asked the girl at the window about their menu and she told me that everything is made fresh in house, PROPS. So many places use the same old store bought stuff these days. My friend is vegan so we were really excited that they had a Daiya cheese option for her. We got seasoned waffle fries for an app and a large 5 top vegan style with veggies. Lots of choices for their toppings too btw. We are definitely making this a new spot to get pizza, nothing else around even compares. Especially since they're open late!Now I prefer a Neapolitan style pizza, but this is a great little neighborhood spot and open late. Came in for pick up one night and got an herbivore pizza. I remember when this place was Lazarro's and know better than to try to call in for take out or delivery, so I brought my go-cup of wine and hung out while my pizza was cooking; took about 20 minutes. The crust was perfect, the toppings were great and the tomatoes were still firm. I wish the jalapeños were fresh instead of pickled, but I didn't think to ask about them while ordering. I requested my pizza without cheese and the person at the counter asked if I also wanted the vegan tomato sauce, because the regular sauce has Romano. How thoughtful and considerate; firstly, to think to tell customers and secondly to have a non-dairy sauce just in case! I'm lactose intolerant, so he totally spared me an evening of mild stomach cramps which I appreciate immensely. I ate two slices at a red light before getting home to eat the remainder of the pizza in bed...should have gotten the large like a real pizza champion.  
I also enjoyed the Monday night red bean pizza. Vegan for anyone who cares and you wouldn't know it unless someone told you. Last time I had it was about a month ago and it was BYO Crystal Hot Sauce. Hopefully that has changed and I've said it twice, so I'll say it a third time for good measure, this pizza would be amazing with a Tony Chachere's crust. Srsly, it wouldn't even need hot sauce. Also, I was advised to get the small to split between two people, because it was hearty. Ate all of it, regret not getting a large. I might be a 110lb girl on the outside, but I'm a fat, 11 year old boy on the inside.Just don't order delivery. 
The first time I tried MCP I ordered delivery. The pizza came well past an hour and it came cold. I was so upset I never wanted to try them again. Until one day my brother ordered to go!
Yum!Recently closed Lazaro's pizza has opened as Mid-City Pizza. 
Cordial quick service, very good thin crust, delicious sauce. They are just getting started but seem to be on track. Delivery 7 nights a week! 
Open relatively late for Mid-City.
Right now they have pick up through the Banks Street Bar, but the restaurant side will probably open soon.I took my family to Mid City Pizza for dinner last night and all I have to say is THANK YOU RANDY! My son Jeremy and I are the biggest mozzarella stick fanatics and this place has the BEST we've ever had. They are gigantic, breading was so thick and flavorful, Jeremy literally almost cried (but that was just over the Ninja Turtle machine) and the dipping sauce was fantastic. The owner Randy was great and even gave Jeremy a piece of dough to play with! Kids!! 
Now for the pizza. The wife and I are more the reviewers for this, as Jeremy was stuffed after those mots sticks! We ordered a large custom pie with pepperoni, Italian sausage, asparagus, and red peppers that I had to take a snap of it looked so good... Crust was crispy, pie was gigantic just like the app, the toppings were layered in perfectly and the cheese was just right. We ate the entire thing. Rest in peace. We will be back again!We New Orleanians need to face facts.  Pizza is not one of our strong suits.  And quite frankly, that doesn't strike me as much of a problem.  It's a low-end, no-account food that needn't be taken seriously by any stretch of the imagination.  I always feel like laughing when people from elsewhere make pizza a point of contention.  Do I go to their cities and criticize them for not having po-boys or for not having good French-Creole cuisine?   
Having said that, I agree with others that Mid-City really has the best to offer.  It reminds of the flat, thin pizzas they sell in Brooklyn.  The cheese and the pepperoni always taste just right.  
The customer service is usually good too.  The phone person and the delivery person are usually polite and friendly.Must be something about this building that puts out good pizzas (get your mind out of the gutter). From when this place was Lazarro's to now, I've always preferred the pies that came from this joint. I also appreciate that you can buy by the slice here as well.
They're (slices) large, almost two and a quarter size slices so you've gotta fold em' real New-Yorker style and the thin crust really gives it the authentic, Yankee experience. I went basic and started off trying a slice of cheese and another of pepperoni, both were a pizza - lover's delight.
The other selections looked quite appeasing and are definitely on the list of things to try. My only thing is for some odd reason, whenever I call i can never seem to get an answer, it goes to a fax machine. Certainly I must have the wrong or an old number. Either way, I don't live far and have no problem dropping in for a slice.Excellent NY style pizza! These guys are consistent, fast and deliver hot. I've been ordering from them three times a month for the last several months and have been pleased every time. They just extended their hours too for late night delivery. Thanks guys!!!Cute place! Love all of the different art inside and outside of this quaint Mid City establishment. I started off with a salad and it was delicious! We ordered a cheese pizza and added chicken. Their chicken was really tender and went well with the cheese. The slices are huge and the za is really good! I have been hearing about this place for a while now and I am glad I finally went to check it out. 
The dining room is nice and they have art for sale hanging on the walls. I suggest you visit this place next time you want pizza.My new favorite pizza spot! Located in the same building as the Banks Street Bar, so you can grab a slice while you drink some beers or listen to some good music. Very reasonable pizza for a good price. I've been twice and both times they've used really quality ingredients which really sets the bar a little higher. Can't go wrong here!Mid-City's attempt at a New York style/Pizza Delicious style pie.  While the size is comparable the pizza flavor and quality is not.  Its an "ok" pizza but the crust is very chewy and if you attempt to eat it the next day it will be very tough and hard.  For the price I would much prefer Theo's in Mid-City.This really is the best pizza in New Orleans. Like a great NYC pizza with the right amount of cheese and sauce on a fantastic thin crust. I get mine delivered and the staff and delivery guy are always friendly.
My favorite is Terranova's Italian Sausage with onions, artichoke hearts, red onion, Kalamata olives and mushrooms!The mozzarella sticks are the most delicious ever- I crave them regularly. I've had most of the pizzas here and thoroughly enjoyed every one! The margherita is my go to!  They have a vegan pizza too which is really good. I made the mistake once of ordering from another pizza joint in the area because I hadn't tried it and it was nooooo bueno... I couldnt stop thinking about midcity pizza the whole time!I've tried Midcity Pizza three times since moving in the area. I guess I was hoping the first time I ordered delivery, (BBQ Chicken) the puddle of grease in the center of the pizza was just a mistake. A fluke in the pizza making process. The second time I ordered delivery, it took over an hour and the pizza was still puddled with grease. Not very flavorful (Hawaiian Hanai) and the pizza was room temp. The last time I ordered pizza, (Margherita) I finally learned my lesson. If I want pizza, I'm going to have to look elsewhere. It took an hour and a half to be delivered and the pizza was soooo bland. Especially for something with basil and mozzarella on it.  Grease wasn't as bad. But, the crust was as thin as paper. I hate to give such a negative review, since I love supporting local restaurants, but there are better local pizza places out there.We were hungry, just got to town, and was looking for something open late. Mid City Pizza was close to where we were staying and open, so they got our vote for that alone. 
The pizza was good. A little overdone, but that is my preference.
It would have been 5 stars, but because it was so late their dining room was closed and we had to go through a loud and smoky bar to get the pizza. There was also some confusion with the payment. I guess they only have a square and she never asked if we wanted a receipt.Best pizza I've had in a while! Great service and hospitality as well! I highly recommend the Fiery Hawaiian, its pretty dank.Who says you can't find good pizza in New Orleans? Probably a lot of people but they don't know bout that Mid City. Anytime I'm in town I have to stop in. This pizza is incredibly tasty and a great deal. Huge sizes to fill up all your brahs. I love the crust, sauce, and the QUALITY ingredients just taste better. These guys are working hard to stay up on they pizza game and it shows.I love pizza. I REALLY fucking love pizza when I can order it at 1am after drinking a bottle of wine and have it topped off with delicious vegan cheese.
They stop delivering at midnight, but if you date someone who loves pizza as much as you do they will drive you there at all hours of the night.This place makes me miss New York! The crust here is absolutely perfect, and has lots of flavor. I ordered a take out order, and was ready in 20 minutes. I got the shrimp pizza, which was actually mediocre. However, I definitely see potential in trying a more normal pizza next time. We also got wings, which was nice because the hot sauce was on the side, not on top. Definitely a local place, and definitely will come back!Some of the best NY style pizza. Great thin crispy foldable slices. Ambiance was a great funky mix of young folk having a beer on their porch and a few families inside. Even on a busy Saturday night the staff was very attentive. My only issue might just be a matter of personal preference. I found the pizza was a little heavy on the garlic powder they finish the pizza with. I know to now to ask for lite garlic.Some of the best pizza in NOLa!
If you're looking for good pizza that is delivered to Mid-City and Lakeview, then this is your place. The slices are huge and the pizza is massive. They offer numerous toppings here that you typically would not find at most pizza joints, like asparagus. Try it on the Fire Bird, my personal favorite.Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. Great happy hour pricing too.  I usually order the calzone; the mushrooms and spinach are fresh really fresh. Lots of choices for beer and drinks.I love pizza and this place only made me appreciate it more. Coming from California, I realized I hadn't tried great tasting pizza until last night. I loved the flavor and crust. It was really a lot healthier than other pizza places I have tried.Another great meal! Nice neighborhood place - casual, fam friendly, good food, friendly staff. We often come after spending time at City Park. 
Have eaten in & called ahead for pickup; both have gone smoothly. Favorite is the Greek pizza with gyro meat and tzatziki (sp?) on the side. Yummy! It is BYOB, so bring wine if you want some with your meal. Will be back!My family travels from coast to coast. A 5 mile radius is standard for deliveries. 1 driver is sad for any restaurant that has delivery as an option. And never tell potential customers what you do or do not deserve. Patrons served or unserved decide that! SmhGreat Pizza! Ordered a large pizza and an order of wings. The food was ready for pickup when they said it would be, and everything was delicious.Have had take out from here quite a few times. Seems to be a really fun place. Always people dinning in when I have gone. The pizza is alright. Nothing to write home about. The large pizza is indeed large though.So bring an appetite!Best pizza in New Orleans. Reasonable price for HUGE pizza. Perfect thin crust. Loaded down with toppings.Omg!If i lived close to this place i would be obese lol.Pizza is spot on.The  mozzarella sticks are delicious.Great job guysMy partner and I had our first date here, so it will always hold a special place in my heart. I love their pizza, mozzarella sticks, and garlic bread. I generally try to stay away from diary, and they have several options that use vegan cheese. Delivery is also quick, but I definitely prefer dining it. It's a really cool atmosphere with great service, local beers on tap, and strong frozen drinks. They can be very busy on weekend nights, and dining in may not be ideal for very large parties.Go here for happy hour. Pizza is fire and local brewed beer for under $3. You can't beat it. Great place to work in the evenings or meet for a quick lunch. Staff is wonderful.BLUF:  One of the better pizzas in the city.  Hand tossed, good toppings, good atmosphere and location.
Went there around 7pm on a Friday and not crowded which was surprizing.  This place used to be across the street as Lazarros pizza.  This location used to be Crescent City Sausage and Pie (or something like that).  I am glad it is now Mid City Pizza cuz now I can spell it.  
Good location, I love this area of mid-city.  The actual shop is nice.  Walk in and order at the bar.  Couple beers on tap but standard.  
The pizza is pretty dang good.  Crispy hand tossed but not too crispy.  Good toppings.  We prefer to build our own pizzas; kalamata olives, mushrooms and pepperoni.  Great.    We got a large and finished it.  (1 guy 1 girl)
Great staff.  Very nice and helpfulA great spot for a good slice! Meaty and slightly greasy just like I like it. 
Atmosphere and service are chill.Fantastic pizza place, even better frozen mimosas in the AM! Laid back pizza place in MidCity. Came here by myself while friend napped during Mardi Gras. The calzone was enough to eat on the next 3 days for a snack and the premade frozen drink (I forgot what it's called lol) was strong and delicious. The bartender was so nice and even charged my phone while I ate. Will definitely be back on my next trip to New Orleans.Favorite place for pizza in the city so far.. meat pizza is great. And so is everything else we've tried.BEST PIZZA IN NOLA! Love this place and I can't eat any other pizza besides Mid City. Any other pizza just doesn't satisfy my pizza cravings anymore. Shrimp remoulade is the regular we usually order. I've tried other pizzas from here that are good as well, but the shrimp remoulade is my favorite. The crust is very thin and crispy and how a pizza crust should taste. Order the wings as well, you won't be disappointed. The wings are so good!! Crispy and perfect. Only con is street parking. Recommend going here during the day time because walking to your car at night around this area is very dark and sketch.Best pizza in New Orleans. Reasonable price for HUGE pizza. Perfect thin crust. Loaded down with toppings.I just can't say enough about this place. They are consistently the best Pie in the city. I've eaten at all the supposedly "Best" but nothing compares to these guys!!! The Margarita is to die for.Pizza and Caesar salad were great but the staff wasn't very friendly. It was my first visit and didn't know forks were near the front door. When I asked for forks lady behind the bar was very rude. Turns out the fork container was empty. Order wings but never got them, wasn't charged though.Great service, really good pizza, cool ambiance. Very happy we tried this pizza joint. Not a huge beer selection, but good enough. 
Smaller joint, but not crowded. And hey have a patio. 
Pizza: fresh ingredients, crust with a good combo of chew and crispness. Not the most incredible pizza I've had, but definitely and completely pleased.Nice!
I'm fairly critical of pizza. I like a nice thin crust and truly good topping. This place fulfills both of those. Great pizza and bar. 
Food:
While I didn't purchase any alcohol, I can say the pizza was awesome! My friend and I split a 10 inch T-Bird. The crust was crispy, the toppings were evenly distributed and plentiful, and the sauce was tasty and not overpowering. I was surprised by the combination of asparagus, sausage, and pepperoni, but it all worked and was delicious!
I don't know that they had desserts on the menu, but they offer Girls Gone Vegan desserts on the bar. I'm not vegan, but I highly recommend giving it a  taste. (The brownie tastes like one those Little Debbie cosmic brownies).
The bar offered beer, wine, and cocktails
Appearance:
It's a divey, hipster style place in Mid-City. Indoor and outdoor seating. The restaurant itself is a house that's been converted into a restaurant and bar, with a porch added, for more seating. There was some presumably local art on the wall as well as some (skate) boards. They have (I think just one) unisex bathroom that was clean.
Service: We were greeted and helped immediately. The employees were nice and attentive.
What to Expect: The place is on banks, but the entrance is on the side street. You order at the bar, but sit anywhere you like. There's a TV. Its a little dark on this street at night, but the restaurant is very well lit to combat this.
In conclusion, I will be back with more friends. I've tried lots of Mid-City area pizzas and this one is my favorite!Maybe it was just an off day yesterday for them but I wasn't a fan of this pizza.  I loved the place but the crust was a definite disappointment.  Maybe it's because the cooks were drinking beer?  You have to prepare and handle your dough properly to get the best flavor and texture from your crust.  I am doubting their commitment to consistency and quality so can't really recommend you go.  The pictures look really great and the smells are awesome.  The ingredient quality is there for sure. 
The Caesar salad is a great deal for $6.50.  I shared it with my wife and it was plenty and really delicious.  Good value but we ordered mushrooms for $1.50 on our 10" and we got one sliced up shroom.  Too many ingredients make for soggy pizza but this was short for sure.  One of the pizza crusts was doughy, chewy and heavy and the other was a little better.  I was a baker and make my own at home so I have some knowledge about this.  They need some guidance or maybe like I said they just didn't have their A-list guys making them yesterday.  
There isn't a lot of options for great pizza in New Orleans.  I travel a lot so maybe this is 4 or 5 stars for NOLA but overall isn't all that great.  Maybe we'll try it again and give them another chance to be a little kinder to their dough.Big pizzas and fresh ingredients. Good stuff all round. It is a nice place to get a drink and a pie.Best pizza in midcity hands down, particularly the herbivore and meat monster (ironic, no?). Their new location includes a bar so if you're eating in or picking up you can grab a cold one.
They also deliver very late which is a huge added plus when you're feeling lazy or can't safely drive. I've had some great pizzas in the city and this (can't vouch for the rest of the menu) holds its own, especially being conveniently located in midcity. 
5 stars? Close. Regardless, this is our go to pizza spot in the area.Best cheese sticks ever!!! They are huge and and delicious. Price is nice too. We got wings, cheese sticks and their waffle fries and were stuffed for under $20. Great late night go to spot. Their food is not over fried and out of a freezer bag and it definitely shows. Awesome pizza. I love the thin crust. We order at least once a week and are always happy!This place was okay, the wings are huge and taste like zapps BBQ potato chips (which is NOT a bad thing!) I was not, however, very pleased with the pizza. I can't put my finger on it but it was lacking something. We did not like the fact that you have to walk up to the bar to order and pay, its a really small place and it wouldn't be very difficult for them to walk up to the table and take an order. Would give 4 stars if it was table service.This is, hands down, one of the three best pizza places in town.  its close to perfection.  we eat it once a week or so, and it has never been less than stellar.  I always build an herbivore, and their topping selection is awesome.  My kids dig the firebird with the Terranova Sausage (locally made!).
DIsregard the 2 star review. the reviewer gave dominos 4 stars.  Ergo, the reviewer doesn't understand pizza.First trip tonight.  We ordered a large Top 5.  Great crust, lots of toppings, friendly service, and cold beer.  What more could you ask for in a neighborhood pizza place?  We will definitely be back!We love mid city pizza. So damn good. The ingredients are fresh. they're super accommodating to my very specific dietary needs. The staff is so nice and they hide their annoyance at my many requests or maybe they're just that cool that they don't get annoyed. Whatever they don't make me feel like an asshole because I go easy on the cheese extra on the sauce. I Just ate there again and I screwed up my order.  They offered to fix immediately but nope I ate my pizza and it was still really good.  I saw one reviewer say he should have ordered Dominoes. No sir you shouldn't, I did that the last I was being a cheapskate and my digestive system paid for it dearly. If you want good quality pizza this is the place!Great Place, Good Atmosphere, and Great Pizza. Very surprise of the size of pizza, but can def share up to 4-5 peopleIt always makes me smile to find a great slice of pizza in New Orleans. This was my first time trying Mid City Pizza and I was impressed! 
I went in with one other person for dinner on the early side on a Sunday. The two large tables in the middle were filled with families with young kids (a little noisy and overwhelming) so we sat at the bar. The bar was bustling because orders are placed up there, but people were respectful that we were eating there and the staff was still attentive. 
On recommendation, we ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and had no regrets! We heard a lot of people order The Drizzle and Firebird pies, which made us curious and wanting to go back soon! It's not the fastest nor cheapest pizza you'll ever eat, but it is worth it here for the quality of the crust and ingredients and service. 
I'd say the best deal is probably the happy hour before 6pm when slices are available plus half price beer and wine. If I worked closer, I could see this easily being a clutch lunch spot.I would like to update my review to point out the owner's attitude, further proving my initial main point.  Clearly the employee attitude problem is top-down.They serve food til midnight! Yay! If only they delivered to Treme. We'd give them SO much business, wouldn't we, guys? Please, will SOMEONE deliver to Treme?
Waffle fries = killer. Pizza = yummy. Nice people too.The cooks don't use gloves while preparing food! Strictly against health violations.I sure hope no one was scratching their crack before making your pizza.I guess all that beer drinking while working makes one stupid
.Pizza Margherita is wonderful. I suggest adding extra cheese since its spotty. Wait time for ordering a pizza is around 30 min. Delivery is a no go. I've tried 3 times. First time they said they wouldn't come. Last two times the wait was 1.5 hours.Very nice atmosphere, came here on a Saturday for lunch and it was everything that was promised to me from multiple people. The pizza was great, wings were great, and the $1 mimosas were outstanding.Just arrived in New Orleans and looking for late night dinner without having to leave my house- super fast delivery and great customer service! Just ordered a pizza this time around and tastes great!The pizza was good, as usual. However, low ratings today because the toppings were so skimpy.Shout out to you for being the best pizza place in the city.  That T-Bird is my jam.  Pizza Delicious who?  Keep doing you, boo.I am a regular at mid-city pizza, they usually have phenomenal food. Truly one of the best places in the city to get pizza up until tonight. I used to tell everyone about their pizza because I'm from New York originally and it's hard to find good pizza down here. Needless to say, I am so beyond disappointed with my to-go order. This evening at 10:15pm I placed an order to pick up -I ordered one large plain cheese pizza and chicken wings, like I usually always do. The very rude bartender whom took my order said it would take about 15-20 minutes. Ok sure, no problem. I left my house 5 minutes later. It takes me 8 minutes to get there(as per my GPS) so I walked in, paid the rude bartender (my bill was $25.00) left her 3.00 tip, even though she was rude and unfriendly. When I got home I opened my box of pizza and I was shocked, it looked like it had been sitting for hours. It was ice ice cold and shriveled up. Also covered with bubbles and hardly any cheese, crust all bent in half. My chicken wings that were $6.00 there was only 5 wings, normal size. I am so disappointed and I will not be retuning as a customer. I don't expect the pizza to be steaming boiling hot, but I mean c'mon. It is a shame because this used to be one of my favorite spots. I could understand if they were very busy but there was one table in the restraunt and one bar customer. Such a waste of $28.00. Save your time and money. Looks like I'll have to try and find a new pizza place.Best margharita pizza, but really-- Mid City Pizza is the best pizza in New Orleans. A little pricey but worth it. Their daily pizza specials are always delicious.Delicious just delicious!!!! We had uber deliver this to our hotel bc we had been drinking quite a bit but this was the best pizza we've had in a LONG time.I am almost a big fan....
Atmosphere/service is consistent and great. The pizza crust is perfect, the 10" plenty of pizza for one person and the ingredients are fresh. Unfortunately, the flavor in the tomato sauce is just lacking. I really don't like salty food at all but the tomato sauce tastes like nothing but low sodium/no salt canned tomatoes. No amount of Parmesan cheese could fix this and It has been the same on the two occasions I have eaten here. If the tomato sauce flavor were less bland, I'd say some of the better pizza in Nola!Authentic & eclectic. A very serious approach in taking simple ingredients & creating unique flavor combinations. Their dough has the right amount of elasticity & the right amount of chew. This is what pizza should be. Simple & fresh done right.My husband and I came here for a weeknight dinner. The service is friendly, and the menu is fun, but not too big or unnecessarily eclectic. We decided to split a ceasar salad and a pizza with pepperoni, hot sausage, bacon, olives and onions. The salad was good, and the pizza was really good.  It was thin, hot and crispy, with melty cheese, fresh toppings and a nice Italian herb flavor to it. We will be back!Omg. Should be enough to describe this place yet the guys over at yelp think I should be a little more windy. Luckily for them I have some extra time tonight. First of all I was greeted by one of the most helpful people I've ever spoken to here in my travels to New Orleans. She knew exactly how to deal with my stupid requests to not only ruin the integrity of the pizza by ordering - a vegan sauce and a vegan cheese-  and then cover that thing in the finest meats our great city has to offer. Mid city pizza blew me away, and it wasn't the service, it was the zza. I'm average length and so is this review, love you to mars and probably not all the way back, my fave pizza, mi amor, Au revoir.The pizza was delicious - thin and crispy , perfect.  We had 6 people (3 adults, 3 kids) we ordered 2 large and a calzone...the large pizza was so large that we ended up bringing s whole pizza home.  Love that they are open to midnight cause we were eating late.  We will definitely be backthe word dopalicious doesn't do it justice. It's double dopalicious.  much better.BEST pizza in the city! Absolutely amazing. Service is great with awesome staff. The newly added bar is a good addition to the restaurant, chill atmosphere with good music.  Nice amount of beers on tap too. 
If you haven't been here yet go to midcity pizza for your pizza fix! Not to mention free arcade games!  Get Ya pizza on!
#whodoesntlovebeerandpizzaPizza is good, but overpriced.  But that is not why I am giving a bad review.  The service is terrible here....unless you are friends with the bar tenders or cooks who seem to all cater to their group scene, you will be  invisible.  If you are not a  "regular" (who  knew a pizza place had regulars...lmfao) forget about getting a drink or order.    Always takes about 15 to 20 minutes to do the simple transaction of me picking my order, and that's after giving them at least an hour to actually make the pizza. .  I don't go to this place anymore...I realize I am simply not cool enough for this place! Oh well, I'll just  continue with Venezia, or any of the old school Pizza places nearby where they have no problem doing the transaction of me handing them cash and them handing me my pizza.Pretty cool pizza joint. You order at the counter then take a seat wherever. Got the wings and t-bird pizza. Food was good and the people were friendly. Would definitely come again.Never answer the phone and always mess the order up. The food is good but poorly run and needs a managerThis is a solid neighborhood pizza place. The pizza is great -- and vegetarian and vegan friendly. They offer 7 veggie toppings for their veggie pizza and I believe they also have vegan cheese available (I read it in a vegan food guide, but forgot to ask). Plus the outdoor patio is nice. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.I came here with the family Saturday night.  We chose this place due to reviews and none of us have been there before.  The service was awful!  We ordered the wings.  The came out fresh and hot and accompanied hot sauce, ranch and bleu cheese.  They were very good and meaty.  We had the cheese sticks.  Very cheesy and good, too.  We ordered 2 pizzas.  One half pepperoni and sausage.  Both were amazing.  Nice big slices.  The other was the meat I didn't have, but the family seemed to enjoy.  I will probably order delivery or take out next time.Great New York style crust. The T Bird has a nice crispy crust. New location across the street really works. Get a beer and a pie and enjoy banks street.Wow! This pizza is as good as it gets. For me, its the combination of the vibe inside, the cool look outside, and the fresh marinara brewing on outside on the burner as I walked up.  Hand made Brooklyn style 18" pies with the freshest ingredients in the city. The dough is perfectly sweet and pairs delightfully with the robust marinara sauce. Service is excellent and you feel at home when you dine-in. The wings and mozzarella sticks are out of this world. If you are looking for a staple, go with the Margherita or the Firebird. You can't go wrong with any menu item. Top notch, good work guys!One of my favorite places to go for pizza. The chicken wings are okay but I go for the pizza so it's a fair trade off. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The only downside is parking since it's a residential neighborhood plus add to that there's a bar right across the street. But the pizza is worth the effortGreat place to visit especially for first-timers in New Orleans! Atmosphere is great (love the huge flat screen that is playing shows from Netflix), service is friendly and speedy, and the food is awesome. A friend and I split an order of mozzarella sticks and a 10 inch supreme pizza--fresh ingredients and good portions. Will definitely be coming back when I visit New Orleans!Service was great. Mel rocks! Pizza was even better. "Macho Man" is where it's at yahurd!Good prompt delivery with tasty pizza. Reasonable price and a nice caprese salad. Haven't had much pizza in Nola so maybe this is a good one???The name is straight to the point and so is the menu and atmosphere. You order at the counter and wait for your food at the table. 
The menu consists of pizza and a few other things like caesar salad and fried cheese sticks. You definitely have options when it comes to your toppings but I was with a boring pepperoni pizza eater so I cant tell you about those. The pizza is traditional New York style with the right amount of everything, sauce, cheese, crust, etc.
 I say they rank right up there with the best.visiting from out of town and loved my food! also loved my server Evan! he was so sweet and helpful!!!Good little pizza place.  We had cheese bread, cheese pizza, sausage & mushroom pizza, a calzone and a meatball sandwich.  The pizza was great, fresh &  delicious.  The cheese bread was great.  I would skip the calzone and meatball sandwich next time.  The meatballs were very salty and spicy. The calzone was stuffed with mainly ricotta and a little mozzarella.  Would not recommend that either. 
Stick with the pizza and you can't go wrong!Mid City Pizza is the most legit pizza place in the South! Everything on their menu is AWESOME, including their wings! I love Mid City Pizza so much that my boyfriend and I are thinking about holding our commitment ceremony here. Mid City Pizza, do you do weddings? They also have a pretty damn good wine selection.Holy hell!!! These mozzarella sticks should be illegal! And the marinara sauce is OMG! good!!! But... wait for it... the pizza is absolute, delicious perfection! From the fresh ingredients to the crust that is exactly the right ratio of crisp to dough, and gooey, yummy mozzarella that melts in your mouth! I can't say enough. AND it's a Monday at a quarter to midnight, and the awesome and wise bartender, Julia, didn't bat an eye about me coming in so close to closing time. Thanks MCP! Best place in the 504!!!A place in town that delivers incredible quality pizza AND cheese fries until 2 AM? Heaven help me and my waist line. The margarita is my go to and fantastic. The mid city meat monster is truly a wonder though. Takes a little for the delivery, but the best things come to those who wait.Mid city pizza is stuck in the limbo of generic "artisanal" style pizza available at a million overpriced bourgie pie joints nationwide. The overpriced and limp pizza wasn't very hot, took forever to come out, and the employees were apathetic dicks even with a large, sympathetic pre-meal "I'm in the shitty service industry too and I am sorry you're working Sunday" tip. 
Atmosphere-wise, this place is having an identity crisis. Is this a family joint? An elite hipster enclave? Hippie-ish den of dough? At least the wings were good.Awesome food, great atmosphere. My number one pizza spot for delivery or dine in. I really like the new location.Really good pizza & I'm not a pizza fan! Try the firebird it is great! And it's wonderful that they deliver so late!!Finally found great pizza in New Orleans! I had almost given up hope. This city has truly terrible pizza. This place however has awesome pizza! Quick delivery and decent prices too. Will definitely make this place my go to.Looking for a vegan pizza and happened upon a vegan calzone!  Awesome!  It was so delicious and "cheesy".  I am glad i found this place, and I'm their new regular customer.  I'll be back for a pizza soon.Ate there on Saturday night. Just stumbled upon it.
I have eaten a lot of good pizza all over the country. I will have to say that this one is in my top 3.
Thin crust is very good (which I like) it and very flavorful.
A good variety of cold beer to go along with it.
Of course, I ordered my favorite pizza... Pepperoni, grern olive, jalapeno. F as a ntastic.Love their crust. Crust is everything. You know it's good when a plain cheese pizza is satisfying. Love the atmosphere here too. Cool staff. I wished I lived close enough so I can get it delivered.Used to order delivery from here until I went in and saw how nasty the place is. Air vents have black dust on them, there's a poopy smell coming from between the keg fridge and the bar back. The employees are cool though, all nice people. Food is okay too without seeing the place but sheeeit would it kill the manager to get the sanitation rolling. And not just the "hey clean up" comments, but like hire people specifically to clean that place up. I'm sure the filters in almost every vent haven't been changed since opening. But don't take my word for it I only walked in once and it's my last so I'm biased. Again, nice people, and decent pizza if you don't look around the placeI have noticed that I have been on a big pizza binge lately, but that is fine by me because I love it!
Came with a friend to try out the original location. After being told that the cheese sticks are the best, I ordered that with a Margherita pizza. The cheese sticks were superb! More like a cheese log than a cheese stick, but I am not one to complain. The pizza was pretty good, I think I cheated myself out of trying better options, but good pizza is still better than no pizza. You order at the bar, and wait at the table for them to bring it to you. Nice little spot and enjoyed the experience. It is in a great location for food and drinks, so If you plan on hitting up the midcity bars, you would be wise to try out Mid City Pizza for that carb fix!The vegan pizza and vegan brownie were delicious. At the fun bar staff's recommendation we tried Chafunkta Cream Ale.  Best local beer we tried and we have been to two breweries.   The beer is served in chilled mugs and pitchers. We also LOVED the waffle fries. Highly recommend this place for a low key night with entertaining staff.I ate lunch here the other day and tried the Mid City Meat Monster pizza.  They must've changed ownership or something because the quality has gone downhill - including the employee attitude.  I suspect it is because they have gotten popular and no longer need the business.  The sausage was chewy, and it seemed like the pizza had been sitting out.
With only the above, I would have given 2 stars.  
However, I decided to give them another shot, so I tried to order delivery this evening.... aaaaand, (1) my opinion is now cemented re: their attitude.  (2) Furthermore, just a heads-up that their restrictive delivery area is beyond ridiculous.  I inquired as to whether they would deliver to my house, and they do not.  My house is pretty much a straight shot down Marconi (never traffic) with three turns and under 10 minutes driving, yet it's too far.  It must be nice to not need the business.  Maybe we should all open pizza joints and hire sass-pot employees!NYC transplant and looooove Mid City Pizza. I want to be friends with the guys who run this place too - ha!!! They always seem so genuinely enthralled with making pizza!!! Pizza can't be beat. Always uber fresh ingredients and real chicken, meat, etc...not processed junk. The mozzarella sticks are AMAZING. Make sure you have someone to share with or you might try to eat them all. 
I love that it's a no fluff kind of place too. Seat yourself with outdoor seating, frozen daiquiris that are strong! Great stuff.