I dream of the Kingpin pizza day & night. I actually called my order in 10 min before arriving (thinking I had the best idea ever) and they were totally cool with it...even had our booth ready for us! Friendly & cool staff. I wonder why I don't see this place more crowded. Kingpin. Do it.If you like Deep dish pizza and have never had the good stuff in Chicago, this place will do it for you. The crust is a little too pie crust-like but none-the-less, it is serviceable. 
The space is nice. But the odd thing was that when we walked in, the Girly and I both noted something was missing. It didn't smell like pizza. Weird for a pizza place.
She ordered the half Smokey Treat and Half Money Pie. Since I don't like red sauce, I drank tea and watched her eat.
She ordered the large, thinking she could eat some for lunch the next day. It's now 3 days later and there are still 2 pieces in the freezer. A small can easily fill 2 people with some left over. Lesson learned.
She liked the toppings and said it was probably the best toppings even if it wasn't the best crust. Believe it or not, a place called Marco's on the Wank has the best crust.
Anyway...She really loved the freshness of the toppings and their heavy use of herbs.
For me, I wish they had wings or garlic knots...something for the non red-sauce people like myself. 
As for the service etc...Our waitress was sweet and service was generally good except for one pet peeve. While our actual waitress was polite and asked if we needed refills etc, there was one kid who just walked up, reached across the table and tried to take my glass without asking me...while we were talking to each other. That's just not good manners. Always ask and please don't just barge into the middle of a conversation.
The pizza and drinks came to about $28 bucks. Not bad at all when you think that we could have both eaten our fill and had take-home.
All in all, I think it's worth stopping in again just to satisfy the Girly's pizza craving but I do wish there were more options there for me.Been meaning to write this update for some time.
My sister and I dropped in to get some dinner one night and at first we were getting absolutely no attention from any of the staff. I remember I was having an absolutely terrible day, so I really didn't need anything else to go wrong. We sat at the bar waiting for someone to come by for a while, and finally someone noticed us. I wasn't sure if he was a manager or the owner, but he noticed that we weren't being served.
First, I asked if we could be seated at a table. He happily moved us. We got situated, just got some regular ol' tap water to drink, and ordered one small pizza and a house salad (which I love, by the way--I love their house made croutons). I know that my sister and I are not restaurants' favorite customers. We never order drinks and we really don't get all that much food. But this guy still went and comped our salad because we weren't being attended to when we first came in.
Of course he got the comped amount right back in tips because we were happy customers by the end of the night.
I love their food and I love their service (except for whatever was happening at the beginning of this night). I'm happy to live four blocks away and I'll be sad when I move.Just visiting Chicago recently, my boyfriend and I were excited to have Chicago style deep dish pizza here in NO. We had high expectations. The pizza was good not great. The crust was a little doughy and bland. It was not nearly as crisp and tasty as Lou Malnati's in Chicago. I would go back here for the great atmosphere and good prices. I will have to try it again to get another assessment. It's still another great addition to Freret!I don't typically go for deep dish pizza. When I do, the crust has to be  fragrant and greasy and full of flavor. I didn't really experience that here. The bread was very doughy but not very flavorful. the cheese was melted but not MELTED, if you know what i mean...Not exactly what I would expect from a southern take on deep dish but boy, it hits the spot. What I took away most was the salad portion size and their flexibility! They were so accommodating with vegetarian toppings and letting us make two pizzas into one (half and half to get a little of both worlds). Definitely a win.Ok, I've never really been a fan of deep dish pizza, ever.  Too much bread!  One fine afternoon, a friend and I decided to stop in and try it out.  Mind you, I knew they served pizza, but I did not know it was deep dish.  After enjoying a nice conversation, our food arrived.  Deep dish?  Ok, ok, I'll try it.   
Folks, this has to be some of the best deep dish pizza I've had since I was 13 years old!  No lie.  It's all I can talk about.  I've never been to Chicago and my gawd, now I need to go!  If Midway blew my mind, then certainly The Windy City can top that.  It has changed my opinion on the deep dish entirely and I now have a new-found appreciation for it.  Just thinking about it makes me want to put it on my calendar this week for a meal.
The service is always great too...no complaints there.  
They have a pizza buffet during the week, I believe.  I have not tried that yet and I'm not too sure if it's a good idea.  Don't get me wrong, I'm sure it's fantastic, but I have no doubt that I'll stuff myself to death. 
I ordered The Natty "E" on my most recent visit.  I was a little apprehensive about the green goddess sauce, but trust me......it was absolutely delicious!  I am still going down the menu.  The Natty and the Smokey Treat are two of my favorites......so far.  I don't eat red meat, but they have a great selection of alternatives to choose from.  You can always create your own too.Came here later on a Sunday night with 2 friends while in town on a long weekend to visit NOLA. This place was recommended to us and it did not disappoint. 
Only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because we showed up at 10:45 PM and were informed that we had to order quickly because they closed at 11. However, both Yelp and their own menu stated that they were open until midnight. We felt rushed and like jerks for showing up so late - and apparently right before "close." Not sure what their hours really are then ... ?
All that aside - the pizza was phenomenal. I ordered the Money Pie, my friend the Uptown Meatdown, and my other friend a custom pepperoni and olive pizza. The crust is the perfect balance of crunch and dough. The ingredients were SO fresh. Keep up the good work - NOLA style deep dish :)4.5/5
Great pizza at a reasonable price in a comfortable atmosphere.
My girlfriend and I went here on a Monday night. It wasn't too busy, but all of the staff were very attentive and friendly. 
We had a hard time deciding how to order since we were hungry (two smalls or one large), but we decided to split a large which definitely was the right call. 
Our server recommended we get a salad due to the cook times of the pan pizza (20-25 min), so we ordered a caprese salad.
Caprese salad: probably the best I've had. The balsamic was not overbearing, and the mozzerella actually had a flavor. The tomatoes were heirlooms and packed a lot of flavor themselves. A great salad to split with a friend while waiting on the pie.
The pizza (the Kingpin-meatball, garlic and onions) came out in a pan and we were served our first slice by our server. DELICIOUS. This place has quality ingredients, but the pizza itself is not super exotic or fru-fru. The crust is pillowy soft with a great flavor, I mostly ate it with a fork. 
Despite our appetites, we could only finish half of the pizza and took the rest home. 
The price was reasonable for what we got. Our check was about $33 for two soft drinks, a featured pizza and the caprese salad. A whole pizza at other comparable places will run $18-22, so I found the price more than fair, but it's not dirt cheap. 
We didn't get drinks, but the bar area looked relaxed and comfortable with two big screen tvs and a decent beer selection on tap. The decor and ambience of the place was very clean with a coordinated feel, without being pretentious at all--very comfortable. 
What I really want to try is their all-you-can-eat pizza buffet for 8.95. It is advertised as seven days a week during lunch hours and includes a caesar salad. They are basically giving away some of the best pizza in the city for free! 
NOTE: A word on 'Chicago style' pizza. Midway pizza is pan pizza. I might call it deep-dish as well. The outside of the crust is slightly crispy from the butter/oil used to coat the pan, while the rest is soft and doughy. 
Chicago style pizza, as I have had (but am no expert on) is in a much deeper dish that takes 45 minutes to cook. Cheese is baked directly on top of the crust, and sauce baked on top of the cheese. The crust is similar to Midway's, but it really is a different beast.Dinner experience: Staff was friendly. I had the Zeus' salad, which was phenomenal and at a great price. Pizza had great, robust crust.
Only downside is sometimes it took some time to be seated.
Wednesday buffet experience: quality was pretty poor. Small selection of pizza and getting there at 1 was a mistake - as the pizza had been chilling under the heat lamps for awhile, and the salad was wilted and soggy.Hmm...Deep dish in New Orleans, what? 
So we had a large group in here the other night to eat and frankly I was pleasantly suprised by the quality of the food here and the beer selection.  Plus parking was def not an issue near the restaurant on Freret street (which makes me happy).  The design inside is simple and feels like a loft or warehouse space with part of the kitchen exposed at one end of the large room. There is a long bar and a bunch of tables when you enter the restaurant.  
We ordered a bunch of different types of pies and salads, and everyone was pleased with their meal. I'd even recommend the house salad at a pizza place (madness, I tell you, madness). 
Some flat screen tvs over the bar were showing the basketball game so its also a decent place to come, grab a beer and a slice and watch sports.To the point. It has been delicious every time we go, and I am officially a fan. Pizza is a strange animal for me, it brings out a ravenous desire to overeat, while at the same time feelings of anger towards the people who get into the ridiculous chicago vs. New York pizza war. first off, you don't live there, second off, if you used to live there...YOU DON'T LIVE THERE!  Just enjoy it. For (anthropomorphic deity of your choice) sake, it's melted cheese on bread, Mother nature gave us a biological inclination towards it. i hate sitting down to pizza and hearing some @$$hat next to me, "it's good, but not like place X in town Z. I want to scream "why don't you move there and marry that pizza! Stop interfering with my good meal by going on and on about how much better something else is. I bet you'd hate that if your wife spoke like that while..."  (think I may have just pushed the limits of Yelp. anyway. back to the matter at hand, Midway GOOD, Pizza GOOD, Garlic purée on the Margarita is mana.I was looking for places in New Orleans for deep dish pizza. This place had it! Hooray. It was great. Might want to try other places before buying this one again.Went to Midway today for their lunch buffet. Had a great experience! I had the YLC salad (mixed greens, goat cheese, oranges, roasted beets and pine nuts tossed in a citrus vinaigrette) and a couple of slices of their meat (first slice was pepperoni and ham- the ham was really great. Thick cubes, sweet and very meaty. The second slice had pepperoni, chicken and ham. Also tried a slice of their vegetarian. All of it very tasty.
The salad was exceptional. I loved the portion of the salad yet I wanted more. In fact, I even asked the waiter if the buffet included unlimited salad! All their salads on their menu sounded so yummy!
My salad ended up being an amazing combination of flavors and textures. I never would have thought of beets and pine nuts working together, but they definitely do. The salad also had plenty of dressing. Mmm.
My friend had their Zeus salad which was a spinach salad with cherry tomatoes, feta, crunchy prosciutto in a sun-dried tomato vinaigrette. It looked amazing and, like me, she ate every bite. 
The crust on the pizza was great. Crunchy, fresh and springy, a couple of slices is enough to really fill you up. It's so hearty! But definitely not Chicago style. I thought a much better version of Pizza Hut's pan pizza. 
Wish they had more sauce on their pizza. It was a little dry. But they loaded the pizzas up with toppings. There was something yummy in every bite! 
Will definitely go back again. Especially after reading the yelp reviews, I'll have to check out the Monday and Tuesday night half-off bar special.I've been here twice now and I'd have to say OK at best. 
The first time that I went I was joining for lunch and was too late for the lunch buffet special so I just ordered a chicken caesar salad and a beer. I sat up at the bar and although it didn't seem very busy the service was very slow. I thought the caesar was good and I like the garlic spread toast bites they put together in lieu of traditional crouton. I think it's way overpriced for what it is to get a salad and beer though as I think with tip I left with a $20-25 tab. 
I came back the second time to do the lunch special which is all you can eat pizza and a salad. I again sat at the bar and asked for a glass of whatever house grigio they had and they were out. So I switched up and got the Abita seasonal which was a blueberry wheat. She mentioned something possibly wrong with their taps earlier that day and poured the beer and said it should be fine. It was super flat to me and tasted odd but I thought I'd not rock the boat any more. There was a group of kids that had come in for what looked like a birthday party in the middle of the afternoon and although the rest of the place didn't seem too busy and the bar wasn't very packed there was only a couple people working so it took a long time to get the drink I did. So I am waiting for my salad and go up to the buffet to get pizza and there is nothing there and they say more will be out soon and to come later. So I went back and waited for my salad. Enjoyable caesar again. I awkwardly walked back for pizza the second time through a huge group of kids pressed up against the glass watching pizza be made and through the pile of parents standing around to the corner the pizza is put out and there was pepperoni and supreme available. I got a slice of both. They are very filling as it's the very thick crust and the toppings were good but not great. 
When I finally left I had been there an hour and change, had two slices of ok pizza, a good salad and flat beer for again between $20-25. I found out the flat beer I stuck with and drank half of was $6 and so it serves me right not just sending it back.  
Salad was the best part. Not worth returning for more than these two visits to me.It's not deep dish pizza!!! It's just a pizza with a thick crust. I really didn't like it at all. I think the pizza at Costco is better. There was just no flavor to it. It's like a piece of bread with cheese on it. We also ordered the pig in a blanket. It's a sausage wrapped in crust. Same thing. No flavor and very dry.
I probably won't be coming back.Good stuff!  It looks like some people here disagree about whether or not its "real" deep dish pizza.  Being a Cajun from down the bayou, I can't tell you what a "real" deep dish pizza is supposed to be like.  But I can tell you this... that's some good pizza they make there, no matter what kind you say it is.  The 14 inch can easily feed the entire table and the price is really good.  There's a bar if you want a drink, and the music is pretty good too.  I say give it a try!
MSG FREE:  When I told them about my MSG allergy, they said none of the food contains it.  Big points for that!  Thanks!My wife and I were suggested Midway Pizza by a friend who lives not far from the restaurant, and we were insanely pleased our experience. Very fair pricing. Delicious pizza. Great service. Great atmosphere. Over all an incredible experience!Amazing!! First time here and fresh dough, fresh sauce, fresh salads all with homemade top quality ingredients this will be on the list of fave lunch joints! Lunch buffet is only 9.95!I've eaten at this establishment several times and its got an interesting and fun interior design.  They have some interesting and decent pizza here but its nowhere near great and barely acceptable.  The crust is thick along the lines of a Pizza Hut pan pizza and I really prefer a thinner crispy crust.  They do have a buffet M-F but they have the WORST selection of any pizza buffet I've ever had with only pepperoni, veggie and cheese pizza as choices.  The beer here is also way overpriced so I can't suggest this as a fun boozing spot either.  I MIGHT return here just for one of their specialty pizzas but I won't be drinking booze or ever eating at their buffet again.Polenta cake is perfection. The pizza deep dish is perfectly seasoned and flavorful and all of the good things.The pizza!!! So many options of pizzas..
I am falling in love with Freret all over again. 
The allure of Cure. 
The sweet smell of the new bakery.
DAT DOG!!! Need I say more? 
Just finished workout, deadlines at work. Basically I needed a REFILL. Stopped in this joint and smelled in love. It reminded me of a sidewalk in Chicago...the arouma of Italy...
There's a nce happy hour ...bartender was very nice...can't wait to geaux back. You kneaux!Hubby and I have been a few times and everytime was terrific. The service is great the food is scrumptious. The thunderbird and the caprese salad are my favorites. Only suggestion I have is I would live some hot sausage to go with the awesome thick cut bacon!!We weren't impressed.  The Chicken BBQ pizza was not great.  The chicken had no seasoning on it, the BBQ sauce was mediocre, and there was sooo much breading.  We ate it, but we were both not impressed.  Service was good though.Just good pizza with well-made, in-house sauce and dough. Deep enough to satisfy your craving but not some freaky pizza themed casserole (yeah you Chicago, it's a casserole not a pizza.) Awesome local draft beer list. 21oz. Schooners!The pizza & wings were both delicious!!!  My hubby & I split a small pizza with Wings & we left with a to go back.   The manager came by to speak with us.  I mean this place just felt friendly.  I waitress was attentive to us, she gave us a lot of attention.  The manager on duty even sent us home with some DELICIOUS cookies.  Thank you guys we'll definitely be back.Midway is one of my favorite pizza places in New Orleans, particularly for their deep dish. I highly recommend the Thunderbird and the Money Pie. Not only does the pizza taste delicious (the ingredients are fresh and the flavor combinations are amazing) but the staff is always super friendly and accommodating. When I have a hankering for a perfect slice of deep dish, this is where I want to go.We don't have Cal'z Pizza in New Orleans and sometimes you want a PIZZA...not Domino's or, heaven forbid, Papa John's.  I had my first experience with Midway about 3 months ago.....and it's as close to a Cal'z pizza as I will get here.  Lots of cheese....tangy and sweet (but NOT spicy) sauce, tasty meat and soft dough cooked to perfection.  At fist, I thought they were a little pricey....but once I actually received the pizza and realized how much it weighed.....their prices are perfect.  The pizza was fantastic and the staff were very helpful.  I work on Freret so it's nice to have several different places that I can choose from for lunch on the days I don't brown bag it or on the evenings when I'm picking up something to bring home to the family for dinner.
I recommend the Uptown Meatdown.  And for me, it isn't about whether or not it's "deep dish" or "Chicago Style"....these Pizzas are "Freret Style".  Keep up the great work guys!As many of you know, it is hard to get 4 stars from me. It's even harder to get five stars for me because I have to go three times. It's just a the fact that most places disappoint you at least one out three times. I call it the donkey punch. You find a place you like, and it's good the first couple times. But then it's just terrible the third time.
So yes, I tend to take my reviews very serious, and be as truthful as I can.
 Yesterday, we went to Midway Pizza. I went the year they opened and I was told that they would start making chicken wings. We've been back a couple times over the years, And I still had nothing I wanted, because they never put in chicken wings. Yesterday, while I watching the Girly eat pizza while I had nothing to eat, I was probably very rudely saying that they have not done what they promised five years ago. I think one of the owners, a very good customer service type person, came over and asked me to talk. He was extremely polite, to the point of being really cool. He wrote me a ticket, that when they do their wings, I get two sets of wings free. He did not know I was one of the Yelp Elite, he was just trying to do good for someone.
It is so rare in the city anymore, to get really good customer service. I was having a bad day, and everything that I smelled made me sick. even the pesto which is one my favorite things in the world, which they give a wonderful amount of on the pizza, made me nauseous. No fault of their own, because the Girly loved it. So just reaching out like he did, gives this place four stars. And while I don't think I'll use his free gift ticket, I would still like to go back there and try their food, even though I do not like Pizza. 
I would recommend this place to anyone who likes Pizza. The people there are amazing, and my waitress looked like the Campbell's Soup girl, she was so adorable.
So while I did not eat there this time, I experienced some of the best customer service I've had in a very long time. 
You guys really did good by us.What a great surprise! 
We sat at bar and our server (the bartender!) was great: friendly, engaging.
He suggested the Money Pie, so we got a small (4 pieces) 1/2 Money pie, 1/2 margarita. Also got large Caesar salad.
The Caesar dressing was incredible.
The pizza had a great crisp deep dish crust. The meatballs were mouthwatering.
Just a great pizza! Definitely going backI have been eating at Midway for about six months almost every Sunday night, last week I had a meeting in Chicago and had to try (again) one of Malnatti deep dish just to compare the two while the tastes are fresh in my mind.  Malnatti's crust is a lot more of that buttery taste than does Midway.  But the natural crust flavor of Midway does not interfere with the high quality toppings they use.  Midway blows away the average run of the mill toppings that Malnatti or giordono's
Midway also has shuch a comfortable atmosphere.   After a long day it is so relaxing to have a local brew and spend the time hanging out waiting for that scrumptious pie.  NOLA doesn't realize how fortunate local deep dish lovers are.   
Thank YOU Midway for the times I spent with you and one of the finest Deep Dish Pies on this, or any other planet.  
I will miss my Sunday's away from NOLA thanks to you!I had a large thunderbird/all the meats. It was a delicious pan pizza. The topping were great and abundant. The only complaint is that the pizza crust is a bit too thick and doesn't have the crunch I come to expect from a pan pizza.Midway pizza is a great place. They have the best pizza and salads there food is always fresh and there service and quality standard is impressive and consistent this comes from a happy staff many have worked there for years.Ate there yesterday and i am a serious junkie for paper thin crust pizza. This was the absolute opposite, as advertised, and we thought it was super delicious. Dipping sauce for the really great thick crust would have been nice. Salad a+ with the deep fried polenta croutons. Reheating the pizza i simply could not finish now! YAY!   Nice atmosphere...love the way freret is coming up!In town for graduation and we got a hankering for pizza but didn't want to go out. Found this place on Yelp and the pics convinced us to order. Delivery was surprisingly fast for a deep dish and on a Friday. One of the best slices of pie I've had in a long time. Can't wait for the leftovers!Everything I've ever ordered is great. Their chicken wings are exceptional and the pizzas are amazing. You can even order pizza with two different kinds. Very reasonably priced and well worth it. The staff is nice and the view of Freret Street is cool. They also have a stocked bar with good drinks. It's my favorite pizza in all of NOLA.Before my recent move, it was safe to say that I would probably get a pizza from the Midway at least every 10 days or so.  As a native Chicagoan, moving to a city without a great pizza was a little tough at first.  My pizza place of choice bounced around pretty frequently, but once I had Midway, that stopped.  
The service at Midway during all my visits was always top notch.  If you sit at the bar upon your entry, I can all but guarantee you that within 15 seconds of you sitting down you will have been greeted by them and been asked if you'd like a menu or not.  Before 7 on weeknights they have $5 schooner beers, which are 22oz goblets full of the tastiest ales and lagers you can imagine.  They do a good job with their beers as well in regards to keeping things fresh and changing up the taps.  
Now on to the pizzas.  I'm a creature of habit, so I only got a few different pizzas here, but I can tell you that I was never disappointed in any of the ones that I ordered.  The Money Pie is fantastic, especially with the spinich cheese that they use on it.  In one bite of that pizza, you can get meatball, spinich, pepperoni, garlic, tomato, and basil.  It's a lot for your taste buds to process, but they'll be happy nonetheless.  
My advise though with the pizzas is to get them well done.  I like my pizzas a little more cooked than most, and if you're like me, their default way of making them just doesn't cook them enough.  But that's my only issue with their stuff.
Hope this review helps.  EnjoyI found the bartender--don't know his name--very personable and welcoming so I decided to try it.  Small buffet; a couple pizzas under a heat lamp. Usually one veggie and one meat. No specialty pizza...it's okay. Deep dish which I love but!, this crust was a little tough to chew through.  Maybe it was not piping hot and fresh when I took slices.   You get to choose from about 4 salads and all you can eat of the two regular pizzas.  I got the BYT.  Great, fresh looking ingredients of spring mix/spinach, goat cheese, pecans, mandarin oranges, roasted beets,
 In a citrus dressing.   And the dressing was Indeed  that, very citrusy!  I probably would order something different next time, but it was refreshing just a bit strong. The pizza was mediocre to good.  I had a pepperoni, then  a tomato and Parmesan cheese to begin. I asked them if they could make something different and they did!  Next round was sausage pizza and then onion/b pepper/sausage pizza.  Fresh and hot and great! The cooks behind the counter were more welcoming and forthcoming with info than my waitress (I've saw her once during my stay to drop off my drink). As my drink got lower, I set it off to the side and 5 minutes later my drink wasnt replenished.  The place is filling up but I should've gotten a refill by then. She walked by and I asked for a refill she quickly said 'yea' and went on to take another tables order.  Then she went to drop food to another table.  I later got one and went to nibbling on the rest of my pizza. I tried four of the slices. Couldn't eat them all but I tasted. All pretty good, especially when hot!!  Maybe she was busy, flustered--yes I have been there.  Nice cool, chilled out place.  Parking is tricky though.   But it's expected in this town.Midway is almost the complete opposite of Ancora, the Neapolitan style pizzeria just up Freret Street. The only thing good about Ancora is the pizza itself. The service stinks, the prices are too high, and it's just a sort of sterile atmosphere. 
Midway is the opposite. The vibe is very warm and welcoming. The decor and ambiance are cool. (Loved the classic rock playlist.) Service was attentive. Prices were reasonable. They have a full bar with great beer and wine selections. I had a glass of wine that was extremely generous for only $6.
But the pizza just ain't special, you know? It's not that it's too "doughy" -- it is deep-dish, after all -- it's just  too dry. There isn't enough sauce or cheese. Chicago deep dish is supposed to bubble and gurgle as it's brought to your table. I thought the pizza was only a few steps up from Domino's, which sounds harsh but it's the truth. 
Make no mistake, it's *good enough*, and I will be back. I just wish the pizza were better. They need to up the sauce quotient about 30 percent.Went here last night with a friend.  Definitely a fan.  I'm not really a deep-dish person but I really liked the pizza.  The crust was soft but flaky.  Toppings were good, not too much sauce.  I got the house salad which was great.  There wasn't quite enough dressing but when I asked for some extra they brought it immediately.  
The pizza was huge by the way!  My friend and I got a 14" and we each were stuffed after two pieces - and we each had two pieces left to take home!  However my leftovers were delicious as dinner for tonight so I'd say I got my money's worth.
Service was good.  We sat at the bar so we were helped by a couple different people who were all very nice and attentive.  They even served us each our first piece which was a nice touch.  
My only complaint would be that it is very very loud!  I think they could turn down the music and it would be perfect.It took me weeks to write this review, for one reason, I just woke up from my food coma!  Seriously.  My mouth is salivating thinking of Midway!  I dont know if its Chicago pizza, NY pizza, deep dish pizza, I just know its AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS PIZZA!
Midway Pizza is so New Orleans!  In a random part of town with an exterior appearance and menu that does it zero justice, you walk in and youre beyond impressed!!! Not fancy or pretentious, just cool, spacious, and most importantly, extremely clean!  With a full bar, funky artwork, phenomenal service, and a menu filled with delicious foods there is something for everyone.  I enjoyed veggie slices while my carnivore loving friends ate a pizza with so much meat two grown men could only eat 2 slices and had to box the rest up!  I felt like a big fat rat when I returned to my desk at work because I couldnt resist a second slice myself.  
Midway Pizza has awesome lunch specials, including a pizza buffet, but I look forward to returning after work to enjoy a drink (or three) and most importantly wearing loose clothing!!!!  
Theres also one minor detail that I cannot leave out, a detail that will cause Midway Pizza to forever hold a special place in my heart.... LUCHADORAS ON THE WALL, I posted a pic, check it out, I guarantee you'll smile!This is a whole lot of food for one person, even with the smallest size. The Uptown Meatdown is Awesome.I went to Midway once with my kids a few years back, and was completely underwhelmed. I went back because my friends and I are working our way down Freret street. Wine selection is good. Our server suggested splitting a large beet and goat cheese salad; It was huge and maybe one of the best salads I've eaten in a long time. We split a 10" Captain Lou pizza between two of us, the crust was crisp on the bottom, so delish.I can't believe I never reviewed this place. I've been here a couple of times and have loved it each time. The service is always friendly and informative and the pizza is amazing. You always think you can finish all the pizza. It becomes a challenge. 
Last time I was there, however, three of us finished 1 10" and 1 14" pizza completely (with some discomfort from the fullness). We got the Money Pie and the Smokey Treat with aioli sauce instead of bbq sauce. Yeah, they accommodated our order with absolutely no problem; they're that awesome. 
And of course they serve beers. 
They also do great with larger groups from what I remember and treat everyone with the same respect and hospitality with or without a reservation. Every time I've gone here I've been satisfied and happy. :)Great pizza and great service. I just feel like the uptown meatdown has the potential to be more meaty.I used to live a couple of blocks from this place when I first moved here. But tonight was the first time I have ever been here.
When I went in I sat at the bar like I usually do at most Restaurants. I was greeted by a rather nice female Bartender. I ordered a blue moon Ale with an orange slice and the Thunderbird pizza.
While I was waiting on my pizza I took a good look around at the decor. A lot of old vintage poster and business signs from places of a bygone era that no longer exist. Basically old New Orleans stuff.
When I got my pizza I was surprised to find that it was deep dish. That is not something that I really expected. I ended up eating my pizza with a fork and knife. But my god it was so good!!!! I haven't had good pizza like that since I was up in Chicago. In fact I think this has got to be the best pizza in New Orleans. I will admit that it was a little pricey but it was worth it.
In short best pizza in New Orleans!Always enjoyable!  Love the crust, it's like deep dish but without the heavy buttery grease that fills you with self-loathing the next day.  We always get the house salad, too, which has a tasty mustardy vinaigrette and delicious fried polenta croutons, yum!  Try the Money Pie (I love meatballs on pizza) or Tiny Bubbles.  Cool artwork/atmosphere, and the staff are nice and friendly.The pizza is extremely overpriced. I got four slices of pizza and a drink for $18. The crust is far too doughy and thick - and I like thick crust. The waiter was too busy playing on his phone to come and give me the bill and even after I waved him down letting him know I was ready for the bill, he looked me straight in the face several times ignored me and took a phone call instead. I had called prior to coming in and he was very rude on the phone. He was the only waiter working and I guess he was pissed that he was working on Memorial Day. I will never go here again.Chicago-style pizza, they said. It'll be great, they said. Just go there, they said.  . . Well, they were right!
Ok so I don't really know anything about Chicago-style pizza song as my family is from the St Louis area, but my guy does and he vouched for the Chicago-style moniker. 
This place reminds me of many of the craft brew pubs in at home in Tampa, and I loved it!! We went in on a Thursday night and were greeted immediately and seated just as quickly. 
We took a bit to look at the menu as we were catching up but thankfully or wait person was very patient. She provided very good advice on the local brews they serve as well.
Our appetizer was the caprese salad which was quite good, fresh, and served quickly.  We followed up with a 14" pepperoni and sausage pizza. The pizza came out piping hot, crust was crunchy underneath and cooked all the way through. (If you aren't aware,  Chicago-style means mile high crusty goodness under the toppings.) We both stuffed ourselves to the max, but we finished the whole thing! 
So if "they" don't tell you to visit here, then I will! It'll make your belly happy.  :-DSaid they were open late, but when we got there they didn't have any pizza. Came back for all you can eat pizza lunch. Only had a selection of veggie, pepperoni and cheese. Wasn't impressed with pizza. Huge space. Good selection of local beer.Great salads and pizza with great service!  We lucked out with this Yelp find after a trip to the New Orleans Zoo.  A bit outside of the Garden District, but their pizza was worth the extra couple of blocks.  Deep dish pizza the way it's meant to be.......not greasy like you find at the chains.  The in house dressings for the salad were great too.  Wish we hadn't been on our way out of town as I would have enjoyed trying some of the local beers on draft.I like this place. It is deep dish but it is not at Chicago level. They put their own twist to it. They have a good bar and TV's. It is a good place to meet folks and grab some deep dish.The lunch buffet was great! Salad and all you can eat pizza for around $10 during lunch. The salad was pretty good and the pizza was pretty good as well. In a city of flatbreads, pizza doesn't really stand out that much to me, but it has nothing to do with Midway, it's just pizza in general. I would definitely come back here for lunch though because it was fast and the price was good.The pizza quality is amazing. You ca n custom order the topping and although it's deep dish Chicago style, you have both the thick crust and as many toppings as you want. This place is our go to on Monday nights when it's half off. I mean, what else do you want people? ??!! I'm officially addicted to this place!I had a great pie at Midway last week.  Based on other reviews, I made sure to get caramelized onions on it and they were delicious.  The crust was perfectly cooked as well.
We also ordered a caprese salad--the mozzarella was absolutely fantastic and the balsamic reduction was really good.
My only qualm about the experience is we were seated at an odd table off at the end of the kitchen despite the fact that there was an empty booth available.  Our server mentioned that they actually never seat people at the table.  We were close to the back door so every time the door opened smoke wafted in from smokers in the alley. 
It's not enough to keep me from going back, because the food was really good...I just thought it was weird.Midway is where you go when you are tired of thin crust.  IT IS NOT DEEP DISH.  Just thick crust.  Huge difference.  Their specialty pizzas arent bad.  I am not a thick crust fan so the more toppings the better, otherwise you taste nothing but dough.  
Hip place with some decent beers on tap.  Open later than most other places on ferret st for food.  Not even close to my favorite pizza place in NOLA but tolerable.  (best pizza is Venezia)This is a must every time I come to the city. Great pizza, ever, and cocktails. The staff is very friendly and genuine. We always enjoy a stop here. They don't disappoint.Last night Midway was my perfect stop. I had been shopping all day, was cranky, and wanted seafood AND cheese. Lo & behold the King Creole pizza...
Seriously, this pie was a marvel. Plumb juicy beautiful shrimp that were clearly fresh  on top of a white sauce but then dabbled with a tomato basil bits  and, of course, lots of yummy cheese made for a lovely and delicious pizza. 
I ordered my takeout at the bar and the lovely bartender made me an old fashioned while I waited. She even warned me that she had made it "a little strong." Clearly she recognized a road weary shopping warrior when she saw one. 
The wait time was just enough for me to enjoy some of my cocktail and take a few deep breaths. Yay for go cups in NOLA (as always but it needs to be said). 
I also had the tasty fresh house salad, but the pizza was the star of this show. 5 stars for being exactly what I needed.Super awesome experience ! The wife and I took a ride over from Madisonville, just to live a little . The area is very nice . This was my first experience with a New Orleans Deep Dish , so they earned the right for such a self proclaimed name !! We will be back !! Who Dat !This is for a delivery order. 
My school placed a large order of pizza and salad for our Senior conference. The moment I saw those huge slices covered in pepperoni I said: "Who delivered this?" When I found out it was from Midway, I said: "Man, this place doesn't fuck around."
It was so awesome to see a place that doesn't skimp on toppings. When they say pepperoni, you're getting some damn PEPPERONI! You can't even handle the pepperoni goodness Midway's serving, son!
The salad had chunks of tomato, onion, and chicken, tossed in a creamy dressing. Delicious! I ended up eating more salad then I did pizza. The department encouraged us to take food home, and the slices were so big that two pieces were all that could fit into a plate. Pfft, I just had to get another plate, and I got the last of the salad. Yeah, I like food! Jealous!?
We had at least 15 people in this meeting, and almost every single person asked where the food came from, and said that they'd have to check out Midway Pizza. I don't even know how many other people came into the office just to get some leftover pizza. Our department head commented that we'd be ordering from Midway a LOT more. Real talk.
Great job to the folks at Midway, y'all have made a bunch of new fans!Pizza was perfectly greasy, not too much and not too little.  Toppings and sauce, excellent.   Wings: Superb!  House made Meatballs: light, fluffy but not too much egg or breadcrumbs and perfectly done. Service Phenomenal!!!!!  'Nuff Said.I'm a fan of Chicago deep dish. I've had Uno and Due's and my personal favorite Gino's East in Chicago. This comes close but misses the mark. The ingredients are good, but a little skimpy on the thick sauces you see in the Windy City. The crust is decent but a little too bready. Great beer selection though. Love the decor with the huge windows and view of Freret Street.Absolutely love this pizza place! Their baby spinach salad is to die for! Love the dressing!
The pizza is delish!! The Smokey Treat is my favorite so far.. I never want to try a different pizza restaurant because when I'm craving pizza, Midway is my spot! Love that they have the schooner beers for $5 during happy hour! 
Haven't tried the all you can eat lunch yet but I plan to soon!Midway has finally opened on Feret St promising the only Chicago style deep dish pizza in the city.  They're still putting on some finishing touches, but the place came out great.  The dining room is very spacious with massive windows and a huge bar with plenty of seats.
The pizza is pretty good, though not really Chicago style.  It's more like a Pizza Hut Style "deep dish" in that the crust is very thick and dough-y.  I would say it's more "thick crust" than "deep dish".  The deep dishes I had in Chicago (Lou Malnati's and Gino's East) had a very thin cornmeal base crust, cheese on the bottom, then toppings, then a thick layer of sauce on top.  At Midway, they build the pizza more New York style with the sauce on the bottom, then cheese, then toppings. 
We ordered the "#18" which came with peppers, onions, mushrooms, sausage and pepperoni.  The sausage was finely ground and sprinkled over the pizza.  The toppings were fresh and the cheese was perfect.  The crust had a good taste, but was just way too thick for me.  90% of the pizza was crust.  It was opening day, so maybe they still have some recipe issues to work out.
They do have NOLA beer on tap, (3 of them at that) as well as LA31, Abita and a few others.Very tasty deep dish pizza. Cold beer. The house salad was good with just a little bit of dressing. Good spot.The search...... is over.
Since arriving in town 4+ years ago from a lifetime in the deep north (so to speak), mission orders were to find the best NOLA pizza.  Genetically bread (pun intended) with a bias for a deep doughy crust and fresh ingredients, it was a desperate assignment with no guarantee of success.  Southern LA lifers think pizza is cracker thin pastry lightly spray with tomato juice, light cheese and a variety of toppings.  I can appreciate that.  I even found some good ones - Slice, Regenellis, Domenica to name a few.
However, Midway has it right.  Deep dish, but not Chicago deep dish.  A thick toasted-just-right crust, tasty sauce (although I would have enjoyed a dab more), great cheese, fresh mushrooms and a generous sprinkling of banana peppers.  
Just to get through the formalities - nice, comfortable, freshly remodeled restaurant, full bar, large selection of beers, excellent service.  Parking is the usual NO nuisance, but no worse than normal. 
The menu covers a lot of specialty pizzas and, of course, you can make your own.  The only thing I didn't see was full blown, just picked the garden, veggie pizza. 
Normally, I mention what the meal costs, but in this case it is irrelevant.  
Midway is a 25 miles hike from home and I am already scheming to go back.I have ordered from here twice for delivery and eaten at the restaurant twice. All the experiences have been underwhelming. The red sauce lacks flavor, and the crust, while thick, is not memorable either. Every time I want a deep dish, I want to try this place again and every time I do I am reminded about how unimpressed I am. 
Try it out because you might find a pie you like (as they have a lot of options), but I had no such luck.Why am I just now coming here? I've seen in many times on my way to Cure but never stopped in until last night. So glad I did because the pizza is delicious! It's not your typical pizza. They are better categorized in the deep dish family but they do have thin crust options. I also love that they have a bar and are open late.  I need one of these near my house. Make it happen Midway...Make it happen.This might be my favorite pizza place in the city. I love the deep dish! It is a must go to on Freret St. 
The salads are also all delicious, perfect pre-pizza. And looking for bread sticks? Their bread sticks with melted cheese are phenomenal. The wait staff is very friendly and accommodating.Love their pizza!  The Money Pie is our favorite.  Very fresh ingredients.  They also have great wings and salads.Pizza options, price, service, beer selection and decor/vibe were very good.  However, pizza had very little sauce and the crust was too doughy. Mid-range for pizza in NOLA; would not make it in Chicago.Went in there Saturday May 5, 2012 - they were a little slow because of Jazz Fest and cinco de mayo.
The pizza came out in about 15 minutes, not nearly as long as the menu indicates for wait.
It was fantastic.  Deep dish, but not so deep as some of the joints in Chicago.  To me this is a good thing.  A lot of that town's pizza is actually too much dough, and too hard.  Midway was a great, slightly shorter version of that, closer to a Sicilian style, but still tall enough to rep Chicago deep dish.
The quality of the dough was very high, and it was cooked perfectly.
The service was flawless.
Also had a spinach salad.  Interesting take on it, non-traditional, plenty of bacon and nuts and cheese and what I think was pickled red onion, but not sure on that last ingredient.  They did not skimp on the expensive toppings at all, not on the salad and not on the pizza.
I don't know what the place would be like if it was really busy, since good pizza is something you have to wait for, especially deep dish, but based on my first experience I will definitely be back and often.Not the best. Pretty sucky service. My husband and I like to patronize the small businesses in the area but not in exchange for pleasant service. We told the server we were first timers. It wasn't busy. She took no time out to sell the menu. After tasting the pizza I can see why. Nothing extraordinary but it was hot and the place was clean. Won't be back.Pizza was so good. Crust was crunchy, interior was nice and chewy. Thunderbird was incredible, a great mix of flavors.
Super packed on these Friday night in may so we sat at the bar, but service was friendly. I'll be back when I'm craving a slice of deep dishGreat place with friendly people to come have a drink and a great slice of pizza.  Recommend!!I usually love this place because of the beer and pizza. Went here on 12/5/16 around 7pm with my wife and waited in the doorway for 10 minutes. No one greeted us. Waitress passed us twice and bartender was playing on her phone and didn't acknowledge us. Finally, someone seated us and the service was pretty bad. Waiter mumbled and didn't communicate clearly. Brought my wife's salad out before my pizza 30 minutes before without asking whether we wanted both brought out or not. Granted, I know it was a weeknight and I clearly know it takes a bit for the pizzas to come out, but the service and atmosphere was bad. Won't recommend to anyone after this. Might not go back at all, and this was one of my favorite places near my house. What really sucks is this was my 30th birthday and was trying to have a fun night. ;(I stopped by here after randomly walking around for lunch. They have an affordable lunch deal; All you can eat pizza with two options and it comes with a salad. I was amazed by their Caesar salad. It had the quality and taste of a higher end restaurant and it has very unique, garlic paste, flat croutons. Very clean atmosphere with good service. Kudos to this place!Stopped by and picked up a large pepperoni on the way home.  My family and I love this place!  In fact, my oldest daughter's high school graduation party was at Midway Pizza.  My only gripe?  I wish I didn't have to go across the street to get an occasional cup of coffee.Another visit to MidWay Pizza. Each time before I have enjoyed my meals and service. This time my assistant and I went for lunch. We each got a salad (he: caesar and myself the Green Charter). I asked for the green goddess dressing to be placed on the side (i'm watching my weight and portion control everything now). 
We each ordered water, which is from out of the tap but had a certain "je na sais quoi" about it.. not a good one either. I have had the same server at least 3 other times and he was polite, courteous, and knowledgable as normal. The salads arrive: mine: smothered in green goddess dressing--- before I could make a sound my expression said it all! The server proceeded to get it corrected and from there it was good. I really like midway and will patronize it more frequently... I will be back sometime before the 15th for Lunch.. I look forward to leaving happy.Service is always pretty good.  The pizza is some of the best in the city (if you like a thicker pizza).  The meat pizza's aren't grease fests like other places meats pizza.  For how thick the pizza's are it's a good deal