Like a fool, I left my expensive camera behind in a booth, and then didn't notice for many hours. God bless the honest employees at Serio's who found my camera and kept it safe. I was irresponsible for not keeping track of my stuff, and I'm so thankful that they're more together than I am. 
Also, the shrimp po boy was awesome.I wanted a true, genuine po'boy but didn't want to go too far, so I took the hotel concierge's advice and went here. I wanted a 1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oyster, which wasn't on the menu, so it cost $13! When the sandwich came out, it was rather small, and the shrimp were wayyyyy too little (think shrimp salad sized shrimp). The fried oysters were pretty good, as was the bread, but overall, I was generally disappointed. I don't mind paying that much for a delish po'boy (Johnny's!), but was really upset that the subpar one I had here costs that much. Just walk the extra 1/2 mile to Johnny's.Po boy 4 stars
Restaurant 1 stars
Classic New Orleans but place was pretty dirty hard for me to enjoy the sandwichFriendly and fast service.  The food choices are heavy on meat and cheese and did not have a lot of other vegetable options even though they serve salads.  You order you food at the counter and they bring it to your table.  The inside is not much to look at. It is a little worn and dingy. The bellman from the JW Marriott recommended it.In NOLA on business this week and had heard through the grapevine that Serios Po-Boy & Deli (133 St. Charles Ave) was THE place in town to get a famous po-boy. All of our lunches had been catered at the meetings except for today (last day) and since Serio's was within a close walking distance I decided to make that my target destination for the day.
Folks, I will come right out and say that I know absolutely nothing about Cajun food. I have heard of a po-boy before but being from Minnesota had never seen a "good" one before. Believe it nor not, there are a few restaurants up "north" that do offer up these sandwiches on their menus... but I seriously doubt any of them match what they serve in Louisiana. So, I absolutely could not leave this city without sampling a po-boy.
My co-worker Todd and I stopped in here at lunch and it was SWARMING with people. Glad we had 90 minutes to eat, because our total time (getting out of the meetings, walking down here, waiting in line, eating and walking back) was about 85 minutes. Surely this had to be really good if there was this much of a line.
I asked what the quintessential po-boy was for New Orleans and the staff recommended the fried catfish or shrimp with hot sauce. Sounded good and got the shrimp po-boy. There is nothing fancy about this sandwich. It's basically one giant sub roll stuffed with tomatoes, lettuce and MOUNDS of fried shrimp and served with a very nice spicy sauce (don't know what it is but it is good) plus hot sauce to taste. I liked it. Shrimp was a little greasy but definitely fresh. Todd had the "muffaleta" which is a sliced meat sandwich with this crazy olive-based spread on it. He said they skimped on the spread but the rest of the sandwich was good.
Overall, this place was pretty good. The prices are good and the food is fairly tasty. However, the line might scare you away if you're in a rush to eat. Plus, they have some oddball hours (like they were only open from 10-3 today and not at night). I would think that any sub shop would want to cater to folks after dark, but hey, apparently they aren't doing to poorly since they have this many customer.
Yeah, this place is pretty good and a big thank you to Serio's for stealing my "po-boy virginity."Eh better po boys out there! Not a fan of the baby shrimp they used for theirs. Wouldn't come back here!Seriously, the muffuletta is a ridiculous sandwich. Delicious, but no single human should even consider consuming a whole one unless they're a competitive eater. Great olive salad on the sandwich, meats could have been better.
Skip the side salad - it's shredded lettuce with some tomato wedges (the tomato wedges were good, but shredded lettuce? Really?)Okay, we basically had a foodie vacation in New Orleans and out of all the places we ate, I'm so happy we stumbled upon this place. We were trying to get breakfast in the Quarters but we were trapped in my the parade. Starving, we decided to just go in to Serio's. Wow, we thought about the red beans and rice and the oyster po boy the entire rest of the trip. It was amazing. I highly recommend this restaurant!A solid yum on the mufaletta! This place is known for winning the "beat Bobby Flay" throwdown challenge... can't beat that!
Instead of a mayonnaise-y olive salad, Serio's was a for real olive chopped salad on top of meats, cheese and a thick sesame seeded round of bread. We got a whole ($20) and saved half for later. 
Kiddo got chicken tenders and fries. They were yum and fresh- basically all you can ask for in a kids menu.
It's a not fancy place, located close to our hotel in St Charles st. Not expensive for the Quarter, and an easy carry out for a night in.The oyster poboy was not very generous.  If you want a good poboy, go down the street to Mother's.  The decor is cool...lots of football helmets and LSU stuff.Used to be a good place to grab a bite to eat. But now they're way overpriced, their poboys are small and are nothing to write home about. Better places to eat here in NO, I assure you.The muffaletta sandwich at Serio's beat Bobby Flay in an episode of Throwdown on the Food Network! The meat was juicy and flavorful and the pepper/olive topping complemented it nicely. I can understand why it won!A local shop but with some good food.  A local told me to go here because they pack the po-boys with shrimp.  I enjoyed my food and beer.Myself and a colleague were here for a conference and we stayed at the Courtyard Marriott across the street.  After a few days we were sick of the seafood and fried food so I was thrilled to have a muffaletta at Serio's.  Not only was it delicious...it was huge!  I ended up taking half of it to eat at the airport a few hours later.  We had very fast service and it was a convenient location close to the hotel.  This was my third trip to New Orleans and I'd certainly return if I ever find myself back in this fun city!The roast beef po boy is the best in New Orleans and the Maddie's fries are awesome cheese friesI had the cheeseburger po boy, chips, and a Coke.  My friends had roast beef and similar.  They were just about done eating when I got my meal.  It was okay, but not something I'd get again.  I might be back to try the roast beef sometime, just to see if I just picked the wrong thing.Serio's received national attention when Bobby Flay challenged them to a Muffaletta throwdown and he was beat in historic fashion.  Due to this event, I was happy to try the sandwich that bested Bobby Flay.
For $5.49, you'll receive one quarter of a muffaletta. This sounds little, but it's as large as most full sandwiches and filled me up pretty well.  In it contains fresh ham, thick cut genoa salami, swiss & provolone cheese, and a homemade olive salad, all in between two seeded loaves of Italian bread.  I commend them for not using any sauces, but as a consequence, the sandwich was dry and the bread was difficult to chew.  Overall, the muffaletta is respectable tasting because the olive salad exhibited bold, zingy, and refreshing flavors, but the dryness is hard to override--even with great tasting meats.
----
Conclusion: Inside this establishment, it seems like a half deli/half bar with TV's and jerseys on the walls. (Supposedly Peyton Manning is a fan of Serio's) To think this muffaletta destroyed Bobby Flay made me question Bobby Flay's skills altogether since I thought it was just average in taste.  Regardless, if in wanting of a muffaletta, hail a taxi to Butcher Cuchon instead to find the best one ever created.  
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Check in on Yelp to receive a free drink with sandwich purchase!
-Fantastic customer service, friendly people
-Decor seems old and worn down projecting a sad and crabby atmosphere; the menu needs to be revised to look cleaner too
-Restroom Available3.5 Stars. Right across from the Courtyard Marriott, this place was our last stop for lunch before heading back home to California. 
Atmosphere: Very casual. Large open space, order/pay at the front and they deliver the food to you.
Food: I shared the large Roast Beef Po-Boy with my mom, and boy was that a lot of sandwich. The meat was surprisingly better than I expected it to be - moist, plentiful, and flavored with natural juices. Since I cannot stand olives, my dad volunteered to order the quarter muffaletta that beat Bobby Flay (serves him right, he sucks!). I actually got the nerves up to try it, and it wasn't that bad! I still prefer the roast beef though. The fries were freshly cooked so they were enjoyable as well.
Service: Staff is friendly.We were staying at the Intercontinental and this was our first stop for lunch when we hit town.  Everyone loved it!  I had the quarter muffalatta and it was delicious.  The olive salad was so yummy and the meats were great.  My bread was very soft and fresh.  Also had onion rings which were very good, not the typical breading but yummy.  My husband had the special that day which was chicken and sausage gumbo and a side salad.  He said it was very good and really enjoyed the vinaigrette on the salad.  I tried my friends Big Mitch Po Boy and it was delicious.  All 6 of us were very happy with our choices.I am very dissapointed. Went for lunch with friends hyping it up the whole time...my muffuletta was bland and the bread was stale.... My friend had the meatball sub. I took a bite and got a big piece of bone chip. Kinda gross. One gentleman was very nice. The older one was grouchy and made me uncomfortable... I wanted so bad for it to be better. The place itself was impeccably clean. I would like to try again on a later weekday hoping it will make a difference in the quality of the bread.Got the Saints Special po' boy.  Fantastic!I would never recommend this to a friend. Not only did they mess up my order twice, I got to listen to the manager yell at a customer in front of everyone. But, in case you still want to come, you can sit on the toilet and wave to everyone as they walk in because they don't even have doors. I hope you make the right decision.Worst po boy of my life. I ordered the 9th Ward, which is a French fry po boy with roast beef debris. The guy taking my order said, "Dressed? Lettuce, tomato?" BUT I heard, "Dressed? Lettuce, tomato......." thinking but OF COURSE he means lettuce, tomato, mayo, pickles....etc. Not just lettuce and tomato.
To my utter disappointment, the po boy came. Bread..tough. French fries...cold. Roast beef debris...2 chunks of roast beef with barely any gravy. Come on!! I want that thing dripping! As for dressed... I got some cabbage...cabbage?!?!? and 2 slices of tomatoes.
The best part of my lunch was my bottled Barq's.Food is one notch above subway. Add to that the most disgusting bathroom I've ever seen (this coming from a guy), a worker I saw smoking who came back in and didn't wash hands, and a counter person who could care less about being there while on her phone with ear buds in..........2 stars.We came for the muffuletta and we were not disappointed!! The sandwich is great, but the olive salad topping makes the sandwich! It was really delicious!! Service was friendly and fast. I would recommend eating at Mike Serio's when in New Orleans!!Came here with a group of friends who found it on Yelp while we were walking around the neighborhood. I did not know that this place was involved in a Bobby Flay showdown nor did I care that it was involved in a Bobby Flay showdown. Sure, it was fun to see a picture of the celebrity chef on the counter but I was more impressed by the collection of football helmets lining the ceiling throughout the restaurant. Even my dear Bruins of UCLA were represented. (+1 star)
I got the oyster po-boy. Oyster is obviously delicious but shrinks to about the size of an elementary school kid's small pink eraser (the kind that tears your paper when trying to erase) when fried. As a result, the po-boy really did feel like all bread, a few shreds of lettuce, and breading. I couldn't taste much of the oysters myself except when I took it out and ate it separate from the sandwich. I tried a friend's catfish po-boy which was absolutely delicious but unfortunately, that is not what I ordered and reviewing this time around. 
Conclusion: everything else like the shrimp and catfish po-boys looked delicious. Don't go with the oyster po-boy, it's more expensive but not as tasty...I had a quarter muffaletta sandwich.  It was good but I think Central's has more meat and is better.Sparsely decorated, non-descript restaurant/bar with table seating and TVs hung up throughout the room.  Order your food at the counter, pick it up and eat with a soda fountain you serve yourself for drinks.  Didn't find the food that amazing though they have newspaper articles and an award hung up on the walls.  I feel like it's a shadow of it's former self surviving on the habits of it regulars. They offer sandwiches, gumbo, and jambalaya at pretty reasonable prices.  Will do in a pinch but otherwise wouldn't go out of my way for them.We tried this place before heading to the airport and checking out of our hotel. I never had a poboy before so its now or never...!!..I ordered the Shrimp Poboy with onion rings to go and rushed a block to the hotel so we can indulge and finish packing.
Lo and behold, we get to the hotel and the key doesnt work! Nice! After using the house phone and waiting for an employee to unlock the door, we attack the onion rings. They were pretty damn tasty...the onions were sweet and the batter was salty and crunchy. Not bad for onion rings that were in a bag for a few minutes. Once we got the door open, we finally had the chance to try the poboy. It was on the softest bread, along with lettuce, tomato, mayo, pickles and a sea of fried shrimp. 
To be honest, I expected more from a Po boy..I mean New Orleans is famous for them but, I wasnt really impressed by it.Loved everything about this joint. Great food, great staff, fun location. The staff were super helpful and hilarious - great ladies!! We had 8 girls eating all kinds of stuff and everyone loved it. Relaxed atmosphere. Perfect place to get your NOLA po' boy fix.best maffaletta in the word... I go here every time I'm in the French Quarter, then I always stop and get one to go when I'm heading home. I've had maffalettas at other places and trust me they are not the same this place is hands down the best...Just happened by at lunchtime, checked the review on Yelp and gave it try.  Sandwiches were huge and delicious. Would recommend.This place is great.  I too saw the show again for a second time and 
I had to have the mufeletta.  Living in CA that created a problem, so I went online got the number and called and spoke with Mike.  What a Great down to earth guy.  I ordered 5 mufelttas for overnight delivery.  They came the next day and I was the hit of the block..  What a GREAT sandwich.  It was even better then what I thought.  You can even order the olive salad.  I will be ordering some more sandwiches for my super bowl party...
Thank you Mike for some wonderful food.  
Don in CAI tried this restaurant as a part of a food tour. The muffuletta was really tasty. I loved the salty meat with the fresh bread. I also enjoyed the olive/caper salad inside. It is a massive sandwich, so come hungry.All in all, it was OK.  Had the 1/2 mufaletta and the wife had a roast beef PoBoy.  Also grabbed some seafood gumbo and potato salad.  The mufaletta was good but too olivey for my tastes.  The PoBoy was delicious but not the best I've had.  The gumbo was bland (this is New Orleans, come on) and the potato salad, while creamy and pleasant, was also lacking much flavor.  
Good selection of bottled beer, but no "bitch" beer for the wife.
Service was great.  The employees behind the counter were wonderful, happy, and helpful.  The decor is great, love all of the memorabilia.  Bathrooms were horrible.
There are better places for PoBoys within walking distance, guess we'll have to keep on walking.When I go to conferences it is hard to find quick and cheap lunch options.  If they are also tasty options that is a plus.  I had the fried oyster po-boy and everything tasted nice and fresh.  The fried oysters were crunchy and not greasy.  The bread was fresh.  The place doesn't look like much but it's clean and I have no complaints.This place is supposed to be known for their muffaletta, a HUGE sandwich with olive salad & salami. We got that as well as a shrimp po'boy. 
The muffaletta we ordered only 1/2... the 1/2 was about as big as a 6" sub at subway.. it was freaking huge. Pretty good, but not really my cup of tea - I'm not a huge olive fan, but at least I got to try the best of the best, eh? Apparently this was a Throwdown site and they beat Bobby Flay.  
The po'boy was out-freaking-standing. LOVED IT! tons of fried shrimp and soft french bread. Mayo and lettuce - all the makings of a wonderful sandwich. We mistakenly did not put our order in before we paid, so our food was a bit delayed.. but the owner made it up to us by giving me a cool Serio's deli mardi gras necklace - it's pretty awesome actually. I really like it. 
Fabulous place to eat - I recommend it. Only open on weekdays though.This is right down the street from my office and everyone knows that Mike Serio supposedly beat Bobby Flay in a muffaletta showdown. I don't eat everything in sight like I used to so I hardly ever eat muffalettas anymore, but I do indulge in the occasional po-boy.  They've got one they invented called a "greenie" that's turkey (the delusional part of my brain says, "yay, healthy!"), cheese - and jalapeno slices! LOVE IT - they make the edges of this Texas girl's lips tingle for an hour :) I'm not sure I'd be quite so into it if I didn't get it fully dressed - there's just something about the creamy dressing sitting on top of the jalapeno slices, and somehow it doesn't overpower the turkey/cheese but elevates them... 
If this interests you, you may want to know: NO PARKING. They're on St. Charles just a couple of doors down from a streetcar stop between Canal and Common, so prepare to bike or hike it.We got the half muffuletta which cost us $9 and change. It was more than enough for us to split and it was quite tasty. A little difficult for me to eat, since I have Bell's palsy right now. Don't forget your check in bonus - free drink with sandwich purchase. 
We got the sandwich to go so we didn't spend much time in the restaurant. It was bare bones - just very plain tables and chairs. They're obviously huge LSU/tigers fans though! No bells and whistles, just a sandwich shop/bar. Closed Sunday's and at 3 on weekdays so we made it in just in time.
The sandwich was pretty good. I love the olive salad - so good and flavorful. The whole muffuletta is bigger than my head. I can't imagine trying to down that thing myself. Serio's didn't disappoint.Great Muffelata, but the owner being on the phone the entire time, including while he was ringing up my lunch purchase, detracts from the experience.  Rest of the staff is sweet and personable.
If you're hungry, buy 1/2 and consolidate the meat, cheese and toppings onto a 1/4 sammie.  The best in NOLA, IMHO!We actually ended up here by accident after passing by here while staying at the Intercontinental. We didn't even know about the whole "Bobby Flay lost here." we actually didn't even have a muffuletta here, instead opting for the poboys. I had the Tiger (hamburger filled) and my wife had the Greenie (ham/turkey filled). They were both "dressed" which adds some mayo and extra trimmings. They were amazing!!! On top of that they are definitely big enough to fill you up and then some. Great atmosphere with LSU sports memorabilia everywhere and  wry welcoming. Overalls, a great find!!$6 for a quarter muffuletta. Central grocery is much better. Serios has very little meat and their bread is too fluffy. It's not bad at all, but overly hyped.Good food but a horrible funky smell in here. The atmosphere is kinda lacking but I suppose this is a delicatessen so what do you expect.  The biggest issue is the stank. Time to change the mop water... Hard to eat when it smells like a dirty bar.Anybody who can beat Bobby Flay must make a mighty fine product and the Serio's did not disappoint.
Any Simpsons fans out there?  If so, then you will get the following reference.  I now know how Homer felt about his big sandwich!  I bought a whole and ate it over a span of 4 days.  If not for my wife telling me that my iron gut can not overcome E coli poisoning, I may have stretched it out to every other day.  I just hated to see that sandwich go...
Good bye sandwich...  For I barely knew you...  At least you have gone on to a better place...The guy at the counter was so rude! I was unsure of if the catfish po-boy came as a plate or sandwich, so I ordered the catfish po-boy plate (thinking that came with fries or something), I was wrong and we went back and forth about what I wanted. He finally explained that the plate and the po-boy sandwich were two separate things. After he rudely explained to me, I gave him my credit card and he threw it back on the counter. Terrible! 
I will say that the lady and cooks seemed to be friendly people. The lady who brought out my sandwich was so sweet. Unfortunately, the sandwich didn't make up for the rude cashier service.  The bread was super tough but the rest of the sandwich was ok. 
Weird spot. Giving it two stars is generous.I've only ever had Central Grocery's muffuletta before, so that's where I'm going to start.
Got half a muffuletta from Serio's Po-Boys & Deli, for just under $10.  This will feed 2 semi-hungry people, or one fairly hungry person!  Eating more than half by yourself, well, that's just asking for a food coma.
Serio's bread is softer than Central Grocery's, that's for sure. Think I might actually like Serio's muffuletta better.  Their olive mix isn't quite as salty as C.G.  Found a whole pickled cocktail onion in the mix.  Love it!  Last time I had one from C.G.(a while ago), the olive mix tasted different. Think it had chopped pepperoncini, and I didn't care for it.  Made it taste off, somehow. 
So all you die hard Central Grocery fans, Serio's has a very good muffuletta.  Don't be afraid to try it!  I was pleasantly surprised, and I bet you will be too!Clearly a place with a tradition. Mostly an all male sports tradition. I have had better sandwiches from Subway.  Not sure why Bobby Flay had a muffaletta throwdown here.This is a classic deli where we had good po' boy sandwiches.  They had the local beer on draft.  The service was friendly.  Thank goodness the place was air-conditioned too.Great place to grab a quick lunch, get the muffuletta and order it pressed!  It was much better pressed and warm than it was cold. Neat place friendly and fast service.  Worth a stop.This is more like 3.5 stars:
Tried the Mickey po'boy, which was pretty good, but not as 'knock-your-socks-off' good as I was expecting: a + for the extra helpings of roast beef and ham, but a - for so-so bread. 
The extra 1/2 star is for their awesome behind-the-counter staff, who are both efficient and friendly as heck.Been wanting to try this place ever since i saw them on Throwdown with Bobby Flay way back when.
The servers have a personality in a good way. They were also helpful in ordering the size of my Muffuletta. I ordered a 1/4. I think i could have finished a 1/2, but I'm glad i only got a 1/4 because I was looking to eat at other locations too.
The sandwich is pretty damn good. I love the olive salad. You can also get it warmly pressed which is the way to go, so the bread has a crust but its still warm and soft on the inside.Worst Hamburger PoBoy I've ever had...!! Frozen dried out meat.., No seasoning.., crappy lil tomatoes and a Pinch of graded cheese...!! 
No wonder this place is empty at lunch time in the middle of downtown...!Place was nice. Of coarse you'll see the lil sign saying the win a Bobby Flay throw down so you know I had to try the moof. It was the best moof I've eaten. Never mind d it was my first one....Total hole in the wall, but in a good way.  I wonder if they like LSU?
I got there about 1pm after treking in from Dallas.  Too late!  They were out of muffalettas.  They were out of hot sausage for the po boys.
BUT!  The lady behind the counter hooked me up and cooked me a couple of fresh links for my sandwich.
VERY tasty po boy--one of the better sausage po-boys I've ever had.  Nice and spicy, but a tad too greasy (so -1 star).  It was dressed with just the right amount of mayo, but could have used more tomato (but tomatos are out of season, so maybe that's not such a bad thing).
FYI---they close at 3pm during the week.Very friendly. Told us all about their specials. Absolutely delicious. We had the muffuleta and maddie fries.Tried 2 different poboys. Both mediocre. The muffaletta is decent but the prices are too high, especially for having signs up complaining that they can't afford to accept credit cardsHad the turkey po boy and I'm pretty sure the bread was a week old. Thought I was gonna lose a tooth. Not my fave place. And FYI folks, no air conditioning.Didn't feel like walking too far.  Wasn't anywhere close to Parkway.  Not in the mood to wait in line at Mother's.  
So I opted for Serio's.
And I'm sure glad I did!  I ordered the roast beef po' boy and it proved to be no-fail!  Quick, easy, and cheap.  In and out of there.  
Apparently there are food tours that stop here, so Serio's MUST know SOMETHING about food.  I know that I sure enjoyed it. 
I'll be back again.  Don't go anywhere, Serio's.On yelp's recommendation, I got the quarter muffaletta. It was delicious - a generous portion of meat and cheese, and plenty of olives (I'm not huge on olives, but you can't come to New Orleans and not at least try it). For the size of the sandwich, I thought the price was right. And the guy behind the counter was friendly. All in all, no complaints.We stopped in here hungry and tired after flying all day and being at airports.  We really wanted to try a local po'boy and this was on the street where we were staying on St. Charles.  I think my boyfriend and I both got a catfish po'boy ($14 - not really for "po boys") which was pretty deec, not greasy, bread was fine, catfish was crispy but it wasn't flavorful and bordering bland.  The good thing though was that they have local Abita beer, which we got to try and liked.Mmmm muffuletta! Came here twice on the Big Easy trip. Once for a food tour and once before we got on the plane back to SD. Yup, its that legit. Best Bloody Mary ever (super spicy and the perfect vodka to tomato juice ratio). Good food, friendly staff and great location in the French Quarter. Tons of seating and speedy service.
Interesting Fact: Serio's was featured on the Food Network with Bobby Flay!Found this place stumbling around NOLA after the first night of a bachelor party.  In need of food and drink, my friend and I entered this small neighborhood deli.
Upon walking in you can't miss the adoration for college football with the helmets hanging all over the wall.  We approach the counter, just the two of us in there, and ask the man behind the counter what to go with as an out-of-towner.  He recommended the muffuletta, the whole.  I had no idea what I was getting into.   
Essentially a gargantuan Italian sandwich with an olive spread on a round loaf.  Personally, I thought it was pretty slamming.  I doubt many can finish it alone and sure as hell was better than my buddy's turkey sandwich (he had a piece of the muffulletta).  The sweat tea was solid, but not what I was accustomed to as a fellow southerner.  A little pricey for a deli but considering it was in the business area of NOLA and that I was on a trip, I didn't mind.Just had their version of poor boy muffalatlo called the Sicilian  they say there muffalatlo beat Bobby Flay's in a competition.  The hot version was very good. if you're looking for a quick sandwich near the bigger hotels this is a good place.The poorboy sandwiches were by far the best I've ever tasted... Ever! The only thing that was better than the food was the great service from the lovely and friendly people. I am definitely going back to that same belly when I come back to this wonderful city.Oh My Goodness!!! What a Muffuletta! So good! We went there for a Tour and so happy we did so! Nice place, good lunch place very friendly. We never made it back to try other things but it smells so good to walk by and look in. Definitely the place to go for good food!Roast beef poboy and meatball poboy were average. Right on st. Charles parade route a block from canal. Good area for catching the parades and he sets up a deck, charges $40 p/person for box view seating for a day of parades. Can't bring your own chest for beverages though, so you have acces to his bar. Not overpriced and beer was very cold. That's a plus in itself. Oh yea, and the deck pass included all day bathroom pass. That was worth another $40.  Otherwise, it was $2  per  trip, or you got one ticket pass per drink you buy.  We didn't have to worry about the tickets cause we had the $40 wrist bands.  Guess you gotta do what you gotta do. I like ole Serio. When I went back there to talk to him about the parade platform passes, I sat at his desk in the deli..kinda like doing business with the Godfather. His family was there and one told me they been doing it over 30years.  Not there first rodeo.Just had mike Serio's P.O.-boy and highly Rex one d the catfish or roast beef. Limited menu for Mardi Gras but reasonably priced and delicious. Skip the fries and get some zapsMuffelletta and gravy fries were so good! Little pricey but I made the mistake of ordering a 1/2 sandwich when a 1/4 would've been plenty!Been trying to make it here forever to make my "tour de muffaletta" complete and finally caught them when they were open (M-F 10-4. Sigh.) 
Wasn't busy because they had just opened - ordered a whole to split with a friend along with the standard Zapps and a couple of Abita Purple Haze (on draft!)
I have said it before and I'll say it again - the olive salad makes a muffaletta. Serio's version is chunkier than most I've had - there were whole olives and pearl onions in it. Also, they use capers, which I haven't had before. They put the olive salad on both sides of the bread, which is both a blessing and a curse - more olive salad = more flavor but also more oil. So how does it taste? Really, really good. My one complaint was that I saw that it was microwaved to heat it up - kinda weird to do that in any case but the result was that there were portions of the bread that were a little rubbery. And of course, the microwave heated unevenly so half of my sandwich was fine and the other half I just picked at. That was okay because the half sandwich was larger than I expected - it seemed that the diameter of the bread was a couple of inches larger than the standard (Central Grocery, duh). 
Overall, I am gonna say that Serio's passes the test. I'd definitely have a muffaletta here again. I think I would just specifically ask that they not heat it up in the microwave. Really a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to support a small, locally owned business.We had the muffalletta  sandwich here and it was not good at all. The bread was way too thick and it was very dry. I highly recommend going to Central Grocery instead.Boyfriend n i had quarter of a muffuletta each. First stop of our food tour. The olive topping made sandwich really tasty. No way I could've ate a whole one.I was lucky to catch a New Orleans muffuletta episode of "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" prior to my trip down south.  The olive salad made my mouth drool as I watched the Serio brothers defeat Chef Flay in this tasty competition.  The program peaked my interest (and hunger!), enticing me to add the spot to my must-visit restaurant spreadsheet.  Another benefit to my Serio's enlightenment was the fact that I was able to pass the recommendation onto a New Orleans native who had never even heard of the sandwich shop.
I had high expectations for the Serio's muffuletta after the Food Network promo and my first taste of the NO classic at the Napoleon House.  Serio's version was packed with alternating layers of provolone and various meats, while Napoleon's separated the two types of deli slices.  The meshing of cheese and meat added a complexity rarely found in cold cut sandwiches.  The bread was also more moist than Napoleon House's, though that was due to the delicious topping of olive salad soaked in oil.  While I agreed with the Serio brothers' statement on "Throwdown" about the olive salad making or breaking the success of the muffuletta, their version was just too greasy for me.  Oil oozed down my hand with each bite.  
I give Serio's a 4-star rating based on taste, but only 2-stars as a light meal.  I also suggest that two people share a half a muffuletta.This restaurant was the first stop on a New Orleans Tastebud Tour, where they highlight the best restaurant for each of the five classic NOLA dishes.  At this restaurant, we tried the Muffaletta.  It was by far one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.  The atmosphere is very casual and relaxed (tons of LSU stuff on the wall).  I knew we were all in for a treat when we were sitting in a restaurant where Bobby Flay lost a Throwdown, but I didn't expect the Muffaletta to be as amazing as it was...great favors, not greasy, perfect ratio of bread/meat/spread.  I would definitely go back and recommend this place to friends for lunch.Went here as part of The Tastebud Tours and had never had a muffaletta before.
The muffaletta had a great flavor, but, I felt that there was a little too much bread and that the sandwich could use some more olive spread. 
Nice casual place and I would definitely come back for a solid, muffaletta.Definitely a local sports mecca, with the walls covered with memorabilia from LSU and a few high schools (as well as a smattering of helmets from other college and pro football teams).  Dining area was space, but efficient.  I was there during Mardi Gras, so I imagine prices were jacked up for the event.
I had jambalaya, which was tasty, but the helping was rather small and oily.  The 'salad' that came with it was just a smattering of iceberg lettuce with oil poured on it.  Sausage in the jambalaya was good though.  For $10 it was a bit lacking I though.  Maybe for half that price, or even three quarters, I would have given this place 4 stars.Really great Po' Boys.  Came here twice.  Shrimp was fried to perfection.  Crunchy and sweet.  The Cajun Bloody Mary was the bomb.  Sweet and spicy with pickled okra and green beans.  A steal at $9.  We'll be back.My husband definitely enjoyed it more than I did. We got their famous Muffalatta, but I just wasn't impressed. Maybe I just don't like that type of sandwich and theirs is really good, but I initially thought "meh".I may have found my new favorite sandwich! The muffaletta was out of this world and I feel in love with the story behind the sandwich.  Would come back to NOLA just to grab one of these.  Amazing!I want to give Serio's a a solid 4.5 stars. My hotel was directly across the street here. My friend and I split the ginormous "La Roch" which was fantastic! I have to say probably the better po boy we had and I liked it (and this place) way more than "Mother's". I popped in on a quiet, rainy day (sadly my last day in NOLA boooo). Don't expect anything fancy, there's ample seat yourself tables. We ordered the po boy at the counter and the person behind the counter was friendly, good vibes from her. We took our seats and the food came out in a good timely fashion. Next time in NOLA which will hopefully be much sooner then later, I'd probably stay at the same hotel again and definitely hit Serio's.Muffaletta - I saw Bobby Flay do a throw down here and lost. I understand why too. My brother and I slpit one of these. It took me until Memphis, TN to finish it. Great bread, fresh meats, pungent cheese, and the olive dressing was awesome too. We got there late and they opened the doors for us. They even told us to take our time. Great people and better food! Snob diners, please avoid, you wouldn't understand.