Very fresh, wonderful selection. Great lunch for a reasonable price. Place is small but the sushi is delicious!I would always go here with family for special occasions and I always enjoy the food. I enjoy the different selections that they have. I am never disappointed when I go hereI went here for a quick lunch yesterday, and am so sad to write this bad review! The wait staff was helpful and friendly, but the food was awful.
I started with a sake margarita, which tasted nothing like a margarita and everything like watered down sake on ice. 
I then ordered the miso and the Sex and the City roll, and they brought out a free "salad" that consisted of rice noodles, a slice of cucumber, two carrots and 80% mayonnaise. Hey- I'm a mayo fan... But this was basically mayo soup.
Onto the roll. When they brought it out I was pretty surprised - it looked like they used an entire pack of faux crab meat, mixed it with a jar of mayo, and plopped it on top of a really badly rolled sushi roll. None of the pieces were consistent sizes and were pretty hard to eat as they were soggy from the mayo drenched crab. 
All in all, the best part was the powdered miso soup. :(This review is mostly based on price and service, I don't really "know sushi".
The udon soup was great. 
My friend and I split a Maki plate and a Chicken Katsu.
The Katsu was great, moist and light and flaky. Perfect tempura.
The california roll was great with the spicy sauce. And I think real crab meat. The snowcrab roll was good but not really my taste I think. My friend enjoyed it.
Servers were good and we were in and out quick.I order a lot of food because i am nocturnal.  
Sometimes, because perhaps of the tender evening hours i am ordering from, i get second rate fish.  Bad cuts.
If you cannot tell the difference, it doesn't matter.  I can.
And here's  the biggest problem i have with this restaurant:  Racism.
"Mei dan mei dan!"  They just don't like black people.
that said, the salads are all delicious.My favorites here are the Chef's Special Roll, Mango Roll, BBQ Yellowtail Roll,Uptown Roll, South Carrollton Roll, Escolar Carpaccio, Seared Scallops, Baked Scallops, Squid Steak, and the Beef Negimaki.
If you are feeling super indulgent, try the Tempura Cheesecake w/ a scoop of Ice Cream.Love Mikimoto.  Staff is great and sushi fresh.  I love that they remember me and treat me so well.This is my fave. Japanese restaurant in New Orleans.  And this is the one place where my friends and I constantly go to!
Very small place with about 10 tables.  Sushi rocks.  Rice paper roll is the Japanese alternative for the Vietnamese spring roll.  It's great and very clean tasting with the tuna, crisp vegetables, and dipping sauce.  Excellent!  
But as for appetizers go, try the tofu steak.  SOoooOO GOOOOD! All I have to do is order the tofu and rice paper roll and I am set!  
Try the Fried Cheesecake for dessert!!!Great food!  Too bad the help doesn't qualify as great. I went in last week to pick up a to go order and the restaurant was busy. I couldn't make eye contact with anyone for help initially. I noticed a tall, bearded man against the back area.  His arms were crossed across his chest.   Our eyes met and I asked him if he could help me see which of the many to go bags and boxes was mine.  He straight up ignored me.  Gave me a shoulder shrug as of to say, "you're on your own, lady."  Even if it was not his job, he was on a break, even if he wasn't clocked in, he could've said "I'm sorry, we'll get to you as soon as we can."  Nothing!  He is the reason for 3 stars.  The food is great, please work on customer service!Chinese own place. Dog Shit on a plate type of feelI really like this place.  The sushi is great.  I had the NOLA roll.  It's a salmon roll with baked mussels on top.  It so was delicious.  I, also, had the eel roll.  For me it's hard to mess that up, so I thought it was good.  The atmosphere was great and the staff was nice.  I don't like the parking and the fact that there is a drive thru is kinda weird but the food is great.Mikimoto is the best place to come if you're craving for sushi. The vibe is great as well as the service. I recommend the NOLA roll. Ask for Daniel as your server, he's the sweetest & attentive!A nice and small sushi area that I would love to come again too. Service was good, food was great. And everything was also at reasonable price.The go-to place for sushi whenever I'm craving and in Mid-city. All the fish are fresh, and the complimentary noodle salad is my favorite! The best roll I had here is the Wholly Roll. Before people say it's kind of pricey, the roll pieces are pretty big and filling.. I could barely fit one whole piece in my mouth. The baked mussels is also pretty good. You know what? I believe everything on the menu is flavorful. The restaurant even has a drive-thru! What sushi restaurant do you know that has one? So convenient for to-go orders! I love this place. If you ever hesitate on going here? Don't, 'cause you'll definitely like it.No plastic food display out front or hot towels offered when you sit down (Japan-lovers you know what I'm talking about), but otherwise you will feel like you are in a standard Japanese-mall restaurant (in a good way).
Food was reasonably priced, served right.  My wife had sashimi that was fresh and served fast.  I wasn't feeling fishy so I had the yakiudon and it was a little on the sweet side - but hot and very good.
Service was fast, efficient, and friendly.
This place is not "New Orleans-y" (no outdoor seating, and this area of town is rather boring and not "walkable") - but if you want good Japanese food, fast, and well-priced - this should be on your short list.Used to live a few blocks away and could walk over so I have eaten here a lot. I love the inexpensive lunches that you can add sushi.  The food is always fresh and well done. Once I got 2 lunches to go and did a picnic with a friend via my Vespa to the Fly at Audubon Park. A nicely packed lunch for a picnic in a great spot. Stop in, lunch is good, dinner is large, I have never been able to eat the whole thing.Mikimoto is my favorite sushi bar in New Orleans. The service is always exceptionally great. The food is delicious.  My favorite is the Chef Special Sashimi salad and the salmon skin roll.   The servers are so helpful and kind.This is the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to. The sashimi was cut perfectly and the rice paper rolls were delicious. Our waiter Wayne was great and very attentive. The other staff was very helpful also. Restaurant is very clean and relaxing. Owner was very polite making sure everything was fine. Will definitely make this our favorite place to go.A haven for all Xavier students when stress finds a way to create a sushi craving, Mikimoto never disappoints. 
I have come here a handful of times with my classmates, and I have never actually chosen things on the menu to order. Things appear on the table and I eat them. There's nothing I've tried that I didn't like, although some things I tried I loved more than others.
The raw fish plates are amazing. The escolar is perfectly cut and served in a delicious (ponzu?) sauce. The fish is perfect. 
There's another raw fish fish that's served with thin slices of jalapeño on top. I definitely recommend that for those who enjoy spicy. The jalapeño is fresh and brings a true kick. 
Two salads that have raw fish in them and both are great as well. One salad actually has lettuce and is served in a huge portion - perfect for sharing.
The yaki udon is the only thing I don't care for - they load it with wayyyyy too much cabbage to make it seem full. It's not fantastic for sharing but it's okay if it's just a couple. 
The Yaki Maki roll is good, Mango Mania is also good. These are names that I've remembered, but I'm not sure what the names of the other rolls are. 
The only sushi restaurant I know that has a drive thru to pick up to go orders . 
Also, they serve plum wine. Yay!They deliver!! Always fresh and always delicious. Great customer service and our order is always correct. Some of our favorite rolls are the wholly roll, chef special roll, crunchy dynamite roll and I could name a ton more. Highly recommend themI LOVE YOU MIKIMOTO!! My king, my night in shining armor! I have missed you so much!!
Your sushi is always fresh and consistent. I've been missing you since moving back to Austin.  The sushi here at Mikimoto is just perfect. The price is right and so are the portions. Who can turn down $1 sushi by the piece! Come on - it doesn't get better than that. 
I had salmon, hamachi, maguro, scallop a Special Crunchy Roll and a Crunchy Dynamite Roll. All of which were made fast and just pleasantly fresh. 
I don't know what it is but Austin doesn't have sh*t on Mikimoto! 
Open one up here and I promise to go at least once a week. 
Sayonara Mikimoto!!Love this place! The service is wonderful, always happy, friendly servers. The rolls are fresh and delicious! I orders to go once and went inside. By he time I paid the sushi was done even though they were extremely busy. Fast but still amazing quality!I have been ordering from mikimoto for years. The sushi is decent for delivery. However, I won't be ordering from this establishment ever again. I ordered mikimoto with a group of co-workers last week. Later that evening, I noticed my debit card was double charged. Thinking this was a misunderstanding and would be an easy fix I called and spoke to the manager who was nothing but rude and argumentative. Not only did he not fix my bill but he fought with me endlessly over the issue. This has happened to other co-workers so I always make sure to check my bank account whenever I deal with mikimoto. I advise others to do the same.Ghetto sushi at it's finest. If you want mayonnaise soaked ingredients that you can't identify, this is the place for you.LOVE this!  Noodle salad is a must.  I usually get 2 when I order delivery for myself, because I always want more the next day.  Kimi Naruto roll is divine, and contains no rice if you're into that.  Another carb-free item is the jalapeno Hamachi.  It is a MUST if you like spice.  It's the most perfect bite of food.  They deliver to most areas of the city, which is totally clutch.This place was awful!! My friends and I had a rude server who delivered poor service, and food was disgusting.  I had to ask the non-busy server that my table needed refills four times and he told ME to hold on... Wow!  We ordered alcoholic beverages that took TWENTY minutes to hit the table, and it was just sake....I ordered tofu with steamed veggies and it had no flavor whatsoever; I took two bites, added some salt and pepper, but I still did not like it. 
 I told the server it was terrible and he tried to tell me that it was just my preference and he couldn't take it off of the check..... Ummm.  Who does that?  After persistently explaining to him of how gross it was, he waited about ten minutes to come back and say that he can take it off.  
I nearly lost it after that moment.  I am a server, too, and if I said that to a guest, I would get fired!  He never took the now cold and limp veggie entrée off of the table or offered me another entrée.  He made us calculate our checks because half of us had debit cards, and after ten minutes he told us he can separate the bill.  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  I have never delivered bad service or received bad service at a restaurant before.  There are far better places to enjoy friendly service and tasteful Asian cuisine.  10/10 do not recommend.Love me some Mikimoto. Seriously good, and I can't remember a time thinking it wasn't fresh. While I would love to say I frequent here- that would be untrue because not only to they deliver ($15 before tax) they have a DRIVE-THRU! And it's freaking awesome- most times I call ahead, jump in my car and 10-15 min later when I arrive my sushi is ready! The delivery is also relatively fast during busy times. I don't think I've ever waited more than 45 min. So if you live uptown and you're a lazy sushi-loving bum, this is the place for you. 
I enjoy the tuna tataki salad and snow crab salad. The snow crab doesn't come with siracha, but I highly recommend (unless you have a bottle already in your fridge!).  The rainbow, mango, violet, metairie, and rice paper rolls are a few of my go-to rolls. I think the only thing I have ever been disappointed with was the red dragon rolls- just didn't work out for me!I love, love, love Mikimoto (as you can obviously see by the number of my check ins here!) I never was really a big fan of sushi until I tried this place. I swear I fell in love with their food. Everything I tried so far is delish and I even try to come here as often as I can! Their fried cheesecake is to die for. The staff is very friendly & attentive, and the mood in this place is really calm, not so much as to being rowdy.Great sushi and yaki soba noodles. They even have a drive thru. Only problem are there isn't much parking space and seating inside isn't very big.Good enough for New Orleans sushi. Everything could use salt. Creative apps, mango roll is nice. I'll be back for sure.I love sushi. I love mikimoto, and have loved it for about 6 years now. Mikimoto is the best and I know many others who agree!When my boyfriend and I sat down, it did not seem like the waitstaff was interested in taking  our order. The ginger salad was also quite pitiful. I suggest going to basically any other Japanese restaurant to get better service and better food. This place was a disappointment.I'm the furthest you can get from being s sushi snob. Hell, I usually buy sushi from the grocery. But I think this place's sushi was the most tasteless sushi I've ever eaten. It had no taste at all. The salmon sushi had a good color. However, the tuna looked very old and pale. I won't ever be returning here again.Ugh, I just wanted to love this place. It is a definite no in my book. The truly positive thing is that the slices of fish are fresh, tasty and huge. The downside was that the rolls just were not that good. I think this is a great go-to place for anything Japanese besides sushi. It felt like a real Japanese restaurant trying to interpret Americanized sushi. The service was ok. Honestly the girl who served us almost seemed annoyed that she worked there. When we arrived the place was empty. When we left it started to fill up, and the drive thru window had a line. It was a little strange to see a security guard posted at the door, but given the area it makes sense.The baked scallop which is a scalloped version of baked mussels with mushrooms is definitely a must try. The mayo, spice, butter, lemon combination all work well together and is just explosively delicious. I enjoy the mushrooms over the scallops because of it's unique texture.
I've tried a handful of rolls here (NOLA, Yellow Dragon, Mango Salmon, etc). For the most part I enjoyed them all. My only complaint is that the rolls are messy and break apart so easily. I prefer them to be rolled tighter. I don't like my rolls falling apart at all! 
Everyone talks about the yaki udon. Yeah, its good. But it just taste like a lot of BBQ sauce with some tang. I prefer the regular sauteed savory flavor.
The sashimi is pretty good and they usually have uni.Mikimoto was very good! If you're craving more of that special, modern sushi, Mikimoto is the place to be. I wouldn't recommend it for traditional sushi eaters, but they have a wide selection of Japanese entrees that you can choose from if you don't feel like eating sushi. Their desserts are good and the service was on point! Would come again!Food was ok but overpriced. Some things are labeled crabstick and others snowcrab, when in reality they are all crabstick. I know that sushi labeled snowcrab is usually crabstick, but thought that since both labels were on the menu they actually meant something! We also mentioned that we didnt want crabstick beforehand. They refused to refund me after the mix up, not coming again. Asuka is better, cheaper, and right down the street.Mikimoto is consistent and fairly priced, plus they deliver!!
Preferred rolls:
South Carrolton
Dynamite
Super Crunchy
Chef's choice
Crunchy
Also the sashimi appetizer is as good as any in New Orleans.  Like other sushi joints in town, they focus more an saucy complicated rolls rather than traditional Japanese sushi, and that is just fine with me.  Eating in is alright, but nothing special.  The take-out and delivery is always fresh and fast I get it about once a week.  I also think they are friendlier than Kyoto.Finally, I've eaten somewhere so horrifically bad that it compelled me to sign up for a Yelp account so that I have an appropriate forum in which to trash it.
The atmosphere and service, while nothing special, was fine. But I go to sushi places to eat sushi, which at Mikimoto went from difficult to impossible. We ordered four rolls: two of the smaller, more modestly priced rolls and two of the larger, $10+ rolls. All four arrived looking like crap, though I'd still have been ready to eagerly devour them if they tasted even vaguely like fresh fish or other such tastiness.
The salmon was way past its prime, inedibly so, and all the rest of the fish was mushy, warm and otherwise disgusting. That was enough to make it the grossest sushi order I've ever had, but beyond that, the rolls were just falling apart and virtually impossible to eat. And one of the more expensive rolls was sliced into four huge pieces: two of them impractically big, and the other two cartoonishly big. We managed to get the impractically big pieces in our mouths, and I suppose I should be thankful that they left us with no desire to even contemplate how to approach the other two. 
After a sad taste of each roll, we'd had enough. We declined the waitress' offer of a box, and she walked off with the half-full plates, never asking if it was OK. It was sort of a relief-- I hate the thought of complaining at a restaurant, and have never done it. I accept the gamble of trying new restaurants. This was the first time we ever seriously contemplated sending something back, but I can't imagine that doing so would make the fish any fresher or the rolls any more structurally sound.
I'm still grossed out and I'm never, ever going back.Best sushi in the city, always fresh and generously cut.Of the beaten path away from the touristy areas of NOLA, a small (only 12 tables) restaurant with good sushi.  Get there early (or late) because the parking lot is small. Always crowded during lunch, they even have a drive through window!  For the location, it is a fairly good representation of authentic Japanese sushi.
The owner and wait staff are Vietnamese, sushi chefs Chinese...they do a good job of presenting good sushi and other traditional Japanese cuisine.  Service is quick, efficient, and the staff are friendly.  My friend works close by so eats there almost daily.  On the first day, I had the chirashi (various sliced fish, shrimp, crab) on a bed of sushi rice.  Not bad - had better, but not bad.  I also ordered salmon skin salad - hmmmm...it was deep fried and NOT broiled, not good.  According to the owner, they deep fry because it is smoked salmon skin and not fresh salmon skin.  Texture and flavor is definitely better broiled.  My friend never tried salmon skin, commented that it was not bad, but I commented that it could have been better because the deep frying made it oily.
The second day, I tried the unagi (eel) - pretty good.  I also ordered (for my friend to try), baked tuna collar.  Pretty good tasting, but again, it would have tasted better if it was broiled and not baked.  
On both days, my friend dined on the same items, tuna roll with avocado, no rice, and an order of toro (which I also ordered for him).  He enjoyed all the items, even the fried salmon skin.  I enjoyed the main entrees, the appetizers, so-so.  They also serve a variety of Japanese biers (Sapporo, Kirin, and Asahi) as well as sake.  The sake selection is adequate, not good, but not bad.  We had the opportunity to try the tempura cheesecake for dessert - actually pretty tasty!   
So, overall, it is a good restaurant off the beaten path in NOLA.  Would I return?  Yes I would.Probably my favorite sushi in the city. Maybe a lot of that is because they deliver, but still, the food is delicious. Get the paradise roll. Just get it. It's delicious.The food here was delicious and the servers were very kind. The daily lunch special prices were super cheap & you get a decent amount ! The nigiri was really good. Had the Ikura, white tuna & yellowtail.Really really fresh and clean. I love getting sushi from there. Whether you order across the phone or in person, they always get the order out quick. Watch for prices you might end up spending more than you thought. But the prices are okay for what you're getting in my opinion.Mikimoto is one of those places that has actually improved through the ages. Think it's one of the few places that taste better post-Katrina than pre....
First off, 3 stars alone for delivering until 11 pm weekdays and midnight on the weekends. And the big delivery area. They go to places Domino's thinks is too shady. (Leaving my feelings of that policy for my Domino's review.) Once again, another reason to always support local businesses. 
Their sushi has been fresh and on-point lately. Dining in and delivery, the quality doesn't seem to change too much. 
Last night, I ordered the tempura udon and tofu steak. Udon portion was a good amount (even though they forgot my tempura sauce) but the tempura was ice cold. Noodles were steaming hot so I just dipped the tempura in the soup to warm them up. Still good. The tofu steak was also hot and tasted like it was fresh out of the fryer. Teriyaki sauce was thick and not watered down. 
Overall, I was pleased with my order. Especially when I was quoted a 45 min delivery time and it only took them 1/2 hour.Nothing too fancy and the service is usually lacking, but it's easily affordable, the food is amazing, and they deliver! I used to get delivery here twice a week because I'm lazy. the violet roll and the mango roll are my personal favorites. they even have drive thru takeout. Miki motor has been a favorite of mine and my friends for many years. Definitely a must try.Fantastic maki. Such friendly, considerate service -- they switched maki ingredients for my dietary limits. Perfect miso soup and good salad. I've been here twice and left totally satiated each time. Finally, it's a small restaurant with a cozy feel and they even have a drive-through!Quality fish, and that's the most important component. On top of great ingredients, the service is top notch. Will you be blown away with a fancy setting? No, but the generous servings of nigiri and the variety of rolls make Mikimoto a favorite. If you want second-rate fish served in a glitzy setting, there is another place for you. If you want consistent freshness with friendly and attentive staff then Mikimoto should be just right for you.This place had some very interesting and different choices for sushi. But on the particular day that we went, that was after some heavy rains, the place was really stinky like unfresh fish.  My daughter's expression and statement of how it really smelled bad was priceless but once we were inside for a while the smell subsided. The sushi on this particular was ok but I don't think I would visit this place again based on the first impression.Food is always delicious. I get anything from sushi to apps to dinners. Never had an ordering issue. One night it literally took 15 from order to delivery. I have no idea how they managed that. Never been inside. I always order for delivery. I'm a huge fan of Hoshun but they don't deliver here so I'm glad to have mikimoto. My fav roll is the deluxe roll. The mango rolls are great too. Try it all. Haven't disliked anything yet.What can I say about Mikimoto without ever stepping foot inside! Well first they deliver! Nothing is better than sushi delivered to my home while I put my feet up after a long day! The food is good and I am IN LOVE with their avocado tuna crab salad thing! The prices are very fair and the delivery minimum is low! I will def order from them again and soon!Best Sushi in New Orleans.  And very affordable.  Deliver EVERYWHERE...and you get your food fast.  Overall best sushi for the price.  They KNOW how to do the rice, which is an important thing people overlook.  Good cooked plates and apps too!A small spot introduced by a friend.  It's not the sushi that gets to me but their appetizer dishes.  The waitresses are nice on most part, its not your typical fancy sushi spot, but more of a casual place to get a quick bite.
My experience was so far so good except the last time I came by.  I ordered one roll and it ended up to be $15.00.  They extra charged me for the wrap because they couldn't fit the roll in the regular seaweed paper, and on the receipt said extra charge for tuna $2.00.  That's totally fine but at the end of that line was another $2.00 charge which didn't have a specification next to it.  I asked the waitress what it was for and she said the tuna so why wasn't it originally just $4.00 instead of $2.00 and an extra $2.00.  Anyways, she should have said how much the roll would cost since with all those extra charges.  Pretty ridiculous considering this is not that authentic sushi spot.  
These are the two things I only come for and the only things I will stick to next time.
--Baked Scallop (5/5) Scallops with enoki mushrooms topped with creamy spicy mayo.  Amazing.
--Noodle Salad (5/5) Very simple dish, regular noodles with cucumber, carrots, sesame seeds.  It has this mayo and sesame oil taste to it, but it goes great with the baked scallop.
Great quick place to grab a small bite for me, I would have given his place a 5 star if they would at least tell their customers the extra charges they give their customers.Really enjoyed my experience here! Sushi was fresh, absolutely did not disappoint food wise. Service did the job, but I wouldn't exactly call it friendly. I'd come back for sure for the food though. They had a security guard on duty the night we were there. That worries me a bit, but at least they had security?I just had a delivery from here. I have never actually been inside the restaurant. I am not impressed. I am befuddled by the five star reviews. 
I called two minutes after they opened so I was sure that I would get only the freshest ingredients. The delivery was prompt and the order was correct, but the sushi rolls were just...plain.  I used the California roll as the measure of quality since that is very simple and standard at all sushi places. They were hastily assembled and it showed. They were loose and falling apart. The cucumbers were just haphazardly arranged, some listing this way and others another direction.  
I know California rolls are basically a throw away, but if they didn't take care to even assemble that neatly, then how much care could they possibly take with the rest of the rolls? All of them looked sloppy. 
They had crammed everyone's order into one box, which was very annoying, but sushi is supposed to be social right?
Overall I can only say, "Meh, no thanks."You make my dreams come true. Thank you for having a drive thru and for always being there for me. Y'all the real homies! You have literally never disappointed me. I get so excited when I think about you and end up ordering way too much but I have no regrets!! THEY HAVE A DRIVE THRU!! And my order is always ready in 10-15 minutes no matter how much I order or what time of day it is!!! Love me back I'm literally crying I love you so muchHoly Mother of Ponzo Sauce Batman! I luuuuuuuuuurve sushi...so when I go some place for sushi for the first time, I come (unfairly) halfway expecting just a little disappointment. Mikimoto brought the A-game. The waiter was friendly, knowledgable, and very helpful in breaking down some of the menu items and helping us make choices. Sushi rolls were fantastic. I will be going back in the very near future.
Noodle Salad - Yes please. 
Dragon Roll -  Yes please.
Dante Roll - I needed a moment alone after these. Yes, that good.Where do I start, titanic very cheap for the portion . The cut of fish was fresh and on point. Little recommendation for the chef, if the beef tataki was torched with thinner slice it would be perfect add a salad to it underneath for presentation. Rolls I give them a 2/5 because the rolls were not formed perfectly where they just collapse. But overall I'm satisfied with the customer service. Everything else just need tweaking, like less sauce instead of drenching everything so it complements the food . :)I think I've decided to dub 2014 "the year of the re-review". I haven't been too good about posting re reviews and now that I am in my 4th year of Yelp-dom, I think it's only appropriate that I make it a point to re-review places that I haven't been to in a while or that have changed ratings. This review falls into both categories.
I hadn't been to Mikimoto in years when I decided to stop in for dinner. We were immediately seated and looking over the menu and there was a lot that sounded really good. I've made it a point to try the special rolls at sushi places, because I feel that this is where the restaurant and the sushi chef are really allowed to shine.
I decided on the Deluxe roll, the Crescent City roll and a California roll, just for good measure. I think the Deluxe roll was my favorite. It was a really big roll with cream cheese, snow crab, tuna, salmon, avocado and eel sauce on top. You really get a lot of flavor here, as well as a good "bang" for your buck. The Crescent City Roll- snow crab, spicy crawfish, tempura, avocado, green onion and shrimp was good, but it was definitely out shined by the Deluxe roll. The Cali roll was pretty typical and made for a nice small treat in between the big rolls.
Once again, the staff was really nice and friendly and the food was really good (no warm rolls this time). I will return and try more of the many rolls that they have to offer.I've been here about a dozen times and I always get the beef teriyaki (typical American, right?). The take-out is always very quick. I can't say the same for the delivery. I prefer this place over Hana, too.Interesting that they have a drive-thru.
Good, decent-priced sushi. Edamame was a little dry and oversalted but other than that, no complaints. Service was quick. They have your typical sushi rolls as well as some creative ones. It took a while to go through the menu though.I've been coming here for many years for sushi. Its actually the place where I tried sushi for the first time in my life -- many years ago. It has been consistently good. They get busy a lot so the service can be sub par sometimes but it doesn't bother me too much. This place is also really small... I'm still amazed how they can fit everything in. I really wish they'd expand but oh well.
Onto the food- I LOVEEEE their noodle salad. So addicting- I so wanna learn the recipe so I can make myself some anytime I want it. The sushi is great here. Has always tasted yummy. I really love the Mango Mania, but then again, I'm weird with liking mango and coconut with my sushi :) their baked salmon and yaki udon is also super yummy... Greasy, but yummy! They have the typical rolls you see at sushi restaurants, and then they have some unique stuff. All I've had has been good.
Check this place out!I've tried some basic sushi rolls here so you can't really mess up on that. I usually just get little things from here such as gyoza or seafood udon. I got the kimchi seafood udon one time and as happy as I was with the large serving size, it wasn't that great. It was extremely oily, very very spicy beyond the kimchi taste so it wasn't much for a favorite for me. My favorite for sure is the seafood udon with the soup. It's great for a cold day if you want something warm in your belly! The atmosphere inside is a bit small but quite cozy as well, the parking lot is a bit tricky and tight so watch out if you have a large car. This is definitely my go to sushi shop for after dinner cravings since they close later than other sushi places around the area! The staff is super sweet as well, very polite and checks up on your frequently.Last night I ordered the Beef Tataki and the Rainbow roll off of Postmates.  I was given an est. 35-45 minutes for delivery and both were prepared and out for delivery I would say in under 10 minutes. It got delivered in under 30 minutes. The Tataki was well packaged, with cellophane wrap around the container to prevent any spillage of the Ponzu sauce. It was a little peppery for my taste but I still really enjoyed it and would order it again.  The rainbow roll came in a seperate box and tasted amazing. I'll order from them again.The best sushi in new orleans. You can dine in or take out. They have a drive-through. 
The cons of this restaurant are that their parking lot is small n the building is small (fits about 50 ppl). So when its packed, you're out of luck bc you're going to have to wait until they have available seat. I just wished that they could expand the restaurant n parking lot.Here's another sushi place that I wouldn't go out of my way to go to, but the food wasn't too bad.  I've kind of made it my mission to try a new sushi place whenever I can.
When I went to this place, what immediately leaped out to me was how friendly the staff was.  We went kind of late, and they were about 30 minutes from closing, but they didn't shoot us away or rush us.  The food was good...typical sushi.
The one thing that kind of gave me pause...I ordered a roll that is normally served kind of cool.  Well, they had just finished making the rice for it, so when I popped it into my mouth it was warm...and I was expecting it to be cold.  I don't know, I just remember that as being as jarring experience.  LOL.  
I'd definitely go back.My boyfriend and I are regulars here and we absolutely love this place! Food is great and staff is wonderful.This is not always the best sushi but this place generally gives you a great deal of quantity and they have some great lunch and dinner specials.  This is never my first choice when in the mood for sushi but I occasionally stop in when I'm in the area.  It sort of has a fast food ambiance about the place as they have a drive up menu.  I have often been amazed at the quantity of food I've gotten at times here so this place can be a good value.Great lunch deals and speedy service. The sashimi lunch special is a great treat on a hot NOLA summer day. The salad and miso soup are good (even if very standard), and the slices of fish are generous for the price.I get delivery from here, and it's very good! The sushi is fresh and good quality, and the lunch special portions are generous. I've ordered tempura twice and like the fact that they take care with the packaging (they perforate the top so the steam vents and it stays crispy). My BF doesn't do raw fish so he gets the salmon teriyaki, and it comes w steamed broccoli and a nice piece of fresh cantaloupe...it's not easy always easy finding healthy food in New Orleans so it's nice change to get such a balanced option.This is my ultimate favorite spot for sushi in the city! The fish is always fresh and taste is very consistent. Very affordable. 
Must Try:
Chef's Salad Special, Grilled Yellowtail Neck, Baked Seafood, Deluxe Roll, Tempura ice cream.By far the best, moat consistent Japanese restaurant in the neighborhood.  Prompt, friendly delivery, too.This is an upper 3.5-stars review. Ten+ years ago I would come here once a week. It was my first favorite sushi place. The food was consistent and fresh, and the service was great. Today I tried it again for the first time in maybe 6-7 years. The service was as good as I remember it and the noodle salad was just as awesome. I think though, that I was a little bit sad that *everything* was the same as it used to be right down to the same green mints in a basket as you walk out the door. I didn't see any changes or additions to the menu I used to have memorized with my undergrad buddies and the decor was exactly the same. New Orleanians love tradition to be sure, but I wonder if some of the stagnancy means that the owners/management have lost their zest for running the place? I could be entirely wrong- maybe they're just doing what works for them. 
PRICING: The prices are still good (great even) in comparison to the sushi places I frequent in/near the Quarter. 
FOOD: We had the salmon teriyaki lunch with pan fried rice and a house salad, crunchy rolls, veg tempura, noodle salad, and a Boston hand roll.  The salmon was great and I usually hate salmon. We enjoyed all of it (though the tempura was a bit overdone) very much but none of it made me want to come back to MidCity for another go at it any time soon. Overall it was GOOD, but not great. 
SERVICE: Excellent. We were there between meal-times so there were only a few other tables. They had several pick-up/delivery calls while we were there, so I was glad to see that keeps them busy :-)our server 301 chuong L. (on receipt) we had on Mar 30 '13 was beyond good.
We came in late one evening, had a reservation and were a party of 12.
The food was really good. The seaweed salad was the biggest and best we'd had ever.
The rolls were creative, fresh and delicious. No complaints. 
Our server was awesome. He gave us separate checks with the standard eye roll of most waiters and was so attentive.
We had a few kids and teens and waiter was patient, friendly and overall excellent.
That alone will keep us going back again and again.
Thank you Mikimoto!I don't even know about how the sushi is, considering I was told they would deliver in 20 minutes and I waited over an hour and still no delivery. The woman on the phone continued to lie and say that she was told the order was for take out, even though we said deliver and provided and address and directions. Not acceptable. Will not order from here againVery good sushi restruant. The only complaint I have is that the parking lot is very small and a truck can barely park there. I love how they have a take out drive thru window. Very convenient. The sushi is great. I love anything with salmon in it.Love the sushi here. Very fast and friendly service.This restaurant is a good option if your other sushi spot is closed or too busy. I have visited a few times and been underwhelmed with the quality of the ingredients. One great aspect of this restaurant is the delivery that they offer in the city. Unfortunately, they refuse to deliver to my house even though I am simply 4 blocks away from the restaurant. I am assuming that they are considering it a "rough area" but it is not much different than the rest of the city. When I asked them why they would not deliver they said they just don't. 
I will probably go back if I'm out of options but otherwise will not visit again.One of the great sushi places in town. Every roll I've tried is elegantly presented and tastes equally as good. I usually start off with some edamame and vegetable broth soup, and try various rolls on the menu. I'm of the pescatarian persuasion so most of the rolls I've tried were seafood based. Of those, I can vouch for all.
Mikimoto can be a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Highly recommend if you're looking to satisfy your Japanese cuisine craving.One of my favorite lunch sushi spots. Sashimi is always fresh and a great value compared to other Japanese restaurants around Nola! Of you're looking for some great sushi at a good value, you can't go wrong with Mikimoto!