I have eaten at other places that sells whole fried fish, but I have to say this one has been the absolute best. It is seasoned well and has flavor throughout the entire fish! It's batter is crispy and light! Truly delicious meal! The atmosphere is great as well, you are inside but outside all in one. All precautions are taken with COVID, everything is clean and professionally handled. I will definitely come again to eat the Golden Crispy Fish! You should also try it! The Grilled Fish Fillet was eaten by my friend she said, " it is very juicy, and had an abundant of flavor and the tomatoes are a nice touch.This restaurant didn't perform to par for Magazine Street. They didn't have the burger, which we were notified of 15 minutes after ordering. The wait staff of two people were also the bartenders, leading to an incredibly long wait for drinks, ordering, and food being brought to the table. The only saving grace was that the food was decent.I only felt compelled to write an review because I felt the reviews posted previously must be fake. This place is honestly terrible. The outside area is pretty, and that's about it. The drinks were bad. I ordered a spicy margarita, but it wasn't spicy and basically just tasted like cheap sour mix. My husband ordered a gin a tonic that was supposed to come with fresh herbs, but it was just a standard G&T. The $19 crab spring rolls were ice cold in the middle, and they didn't contain any large pieces of crab. They were filled with a creamy crab mixture with smaller pieces of crab. The calamari portion was small, half of it was just onion strings, and was $18. My husband ordered the tuna burger medium rare. It was well done, and definitely frozen fish...another $18. Neither of us are picky eaters, honestly. I've never written a negative review of a restaurant before, but as I said, after seeing all of the glowing reviews I felt I should because I'm pretty certain they are fake.This is our first time here and everything was great. Good size portions and very flavorful. 100% we come back with friends within the next week. This is a great find. Get the mushrooms!!Very sad to see previous restaurant gone so was hoping for something great to take its place. Sadly the experience was not great. 
Street sign says happy hour which loured us in and like catfish, there was no happy hour despite having the accurate daily food special also posted. Hostess said "I'm not sure why that sign says that, there's no happy hour today" and made no attempt to remove it. 
We stayed anyway, ordered a drink and an appetizer.  The drink menu is full of sugary unappealing cocktails. The food menu, while appealing fell short. Calamari advertised as including onion rings and it was more of a garnish and portion size was small for the price although flavor was decent.  
I won't go out of my way to return.Service was great. The grilled half chicken was a total win. I highly recommend it. The ceviche was also very good and their focaccia bread looks awesome.Absolutely amazing spicy pasta with fish. Had latkes made with potatoes and cauliflower which were so tasty. My friend always orders the tuna burger and loves it.
A good selection of cocktails and local beer. Perfect location. Staff was really pleasant. Everything was clean.
They have TVs so we got to watch the Saints game while we ate.
They have a patio with space heaters which was very comfortable on a 50 degree night.I had a wonderful time at this restaurant. I went there for a birthday celebration and the dishes were all amazing. From the appetizers to the entrees and the libations, all amazing! Even the service was great and they were able to accommodate our group. Highly recommend, enjoy!Delicious food with excellent service and ambient atmosphere! Definitely one of the best atmospheres for dinner uptown. The customer service was absolutely great. I can't recommend this place enough!I wish I could give 4-1/2 stars but that is not an option. I'm rounding up this restaurant's rating to 5 stars due to the great service, excellent food choices, and peaceful ambiance. The freshly squeezed orange juice and grapefruit juice are truly refreshing. The cauliflower curry was delightfully tasty, the rice having a nice lemony flavor but not at all bitter or sour. The cauliflower was both crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The curry sauce was perfectly seasoned with a creamy consistency. The shady trees outside made for a wonderful experience, one I look forward to repeating.(3.5) checked out this place for the first time today as it just opened Tuesday. The ambiance is great, along with the service. However, the food was sub par. The food needs a little more flavoring and consistency. The spaghetti sauce was a little watered down, however the basil sauce was good. The pumpkin ravioli needed more flavor--also some were a little overcooked and some a little undercooked. I think this place has great potential, especially as a social gathering spot for drinks, however their food needs a little more love and work.The atmosphere captures the charm of Uptown New Orleans. The service was slow and the food room temperature.I love tal's hummus and the owner so I knew I would love this. It's great to see his classic Med. techniques used in a more upscale yet still very relaxed setting. Will definitely be going here again!We frequent Tal's Hummus and decided to try his new restaurant Misa right across the street!  My husband had the Pasta Bolognese and I had the Half Chicken. Both dishes were full of flavor and absolutely delicious!! Our server was so kind and attentive as well. Lovely outdoor setting. Don't let the cooler weather stop you from going. There are heaters set up and we were quite comfortable. We will definitely be back very soon!Food was amazing but the service was one of the worst I've ever experienced. Had to beg our waitress  to fill our waters. They would bring half of the dish and let us wait 5 -10 mins  to bring the second half. Never asked if we wanted another drink. Never told us her shift was over and just peaced out and we were left without a server. It's sad to see customer service being sooo poor in a place that has so much potential and amazing food.I wanted to like this restaurant more than I did, and I went back and forth on a 3 star to a 4 star, but overall, it's a solid 3 start that I would maybe visit again with friends if I was in the area, but not a destination for me for some of their issues as well as their lack of ingredients on the menu (if you're on a special diet - read my Long Story food section below). If you really love this cuisine and don't mind paying on the higher end (they do have good ingredients and are located in a pricey area), give it a try. 
Short story - The atmosphere didn't wow me though it's nice. The food isn't quite my style, and it's expensive to boot. Finally, there were more issues with our food and service than I would attribute to staff shortage  that knocked the experience for me (bread came to the table raw and service flubs as well as long gap times between food / drinks / never offered refills / no one checking on our table even if they were checking a table near us). But if you're a fan of their type of food, and ingredients are your focus, it's worth a try. They seem to have a decent amount of regulars in the neighborhood that don't mind sitting for hours to drink, talk, hang out, etc. Seating includes an outdoor patio, open air restaurant area, and long bar. 
Long story - 
The food felt expensive for what we got, and not portioned correctly. The bread came out raw with our spread and there was way more spread than bread (they did bring us out more bread, but only half of the portion size they originally brought out - not like we ate the raw stuff so it wasn't like we'd asked for extra - also, the place wasn't full so raw bread really had me stumped). The lamb my husband ordered came with so little rice but so much lamb. The lamb portion felt huge, but he didn't want only a hunk of meat with rice for almost $30 (though that made it kind of feel worth it for the amount of lamb since he ate off of it for a few days). Which brings me to the menu... 
The menu really isn't in my wheelhouse. I know a lot of people will be surprised by that if you know, BUT the menu doesn't offer a lot of variety. Every dish is a different variation on the exact same ingredients, so if you can't have one of their dishes - you most likely can't have 50-75% of the menu. This right here is what makes it not a destination for me. Very personal, but my opinion nonetheless. Every item seemed to have a combination of fresh dairy, nuts, tomatoes, and eggplant or meat. This is the worst case scenario for people with sensitivities and allergies; again, small amount of the population, but worth mentioning for my part of the population. And it's not that I don't go to restaurants that similar cuisine; it's that their menus are quite so limiting between the same ingredients. If you're not in the mood for those items or can't eat any of those items, you need to find another restaurant or read their menu very carefully before you go to make sure they have something for you to eat. There are a few other dishes with things like beans, breads, dips/spreads, and fish - but there are very few that don't also include the aforementioned ingredients. 
They have mostly outdoor seating in the context that even the seating "inside" is only covered by a roof and would be considered open air. Even at dinner it wasn't the most ideal feeling in New Orleans because it's not truly open air since it has 2 open walls and 2 closed walls, so air flow is in short supply sometimes. In the summer heat with mosquitos and whatnot, it was an odd set-up. They have added fans, but where the fans are (right in front of the lights), created a headache inducing view of their menu for me. Individuals with light sensitivity will understand the odd plight there, trying to read a menu with a strobe effect, but it only was an issue while I was trying to read the menu. 
There were dogs allowed in the outdoor patio area, so bring your furry friends, though there aren't too many tables in that area, so make sure they have space ahead of time if your dogs are with you. Another important factor is to make sure your furry friend is actually good with lots of movement / passerby - there was one poor dog barking the entire time at every person walking past the restaurant and every dog on the patio. I love dogs so this didn't bother me (and does not affect the review), but it's good for people with dogs to know that the patio area is in the front of the restaurant, against the side walk, and close to other tables incase your pup isn't easily impressed with other pups.MISA stays open past 9pm while all other restaurants of the same caliber close at 9pm.... I got the chicken entree, sweet potato ravioli, and mushroom app. Everything was delicious and I'll go againWent here with my boyfriend one night just because.. And we regret it.. The service was terrible. Our server barley came to our table. We waited about an hour and a half for our food. We had to ask the server how long after 40 mins of sitting there and waiting and they told us they are backed up from a big party and our food was coming. Even people who came after us got their food. It was the fact that the server never once came to our table and told us why our food was taking so long. The food was a 5/10. I would not recommend this place unless you want to wait an hour for your food.Love it, such good food, awesome service, not expensive at all. Good luck, new promising place to drink and eat goodVibe is decent outside, but not as good as it seems it could/should be. Ordered the half chicken and it came out extremely undercooked, thankfully I cut it open before eating.Everything here was just okay. I will say the crab spring rolls had A LOT of crab in them and were tasty. The calamari didn't really have any flavor to it, the shrimp that was included with it however did. So it was an interesting dish lol. I liked the mayo sauce that it came with the calamari but the spring roll sauce was kind of misplaced, it didn't complement the dish at all. The meat and potatoes of the place is there, the flavor is just all over the place. 
Service is okay, the waiter seemed forgetful but was very nice still. 
If you just need something to hold you over, not a bad place to go but you won't be blown out of the water by anything about this place.Had one of the best cauliflower dishes  I have ever eaten here. Drinks delish as well- drinks fabulous as well as service- we will be back.Such a cute lunch date spot for friends. My cousin is very picky with her alcohol and actually loved The Porch! It was refreshing and went so well with our calamari. I was craving pasta with red sauce and the seafood pasta definitely hit the spot! Portions were perfect and we left more than satisfied.Excellent! We sat outside and received great service. For starters, we split the farmer's table salad and the tahini appetizer. The salad was light but packed with vegetables. The avocado was soft with the perfect amount of salt and olive oil. The tahini was amazing. For our entrees we had the pumpkin tortellini and the grilled fish, which was amberjack. 
The tortellini was flavorful and the grilled pumpkin was incredible. 
The amberjack was perfectly grilled and bursting with flavor. Broccoli, sautéed spinach, and eggplant were served with the largeExcellent place every time. Perfect execution of appetizers, entrees and desserts. Portion size perfect. Great ambiance. Very chill atmosphere. Perfect espresso.Sunday Brunch at @misaonmagazine was great. After a few hiccups this morning we landed at this chill restaurant to dine in an enjoy a tasty brunch of Spanish omelette with spinach, tomatos and onions TOPPED with bacon (my request). 
Can't forget the BOTTLELESS MIMOSAS or the "mimosa carafe" they call it.they give you a full 750ml bottle of champagne with a side of orange juice to pour away into endless happiness and laughter. The mimosa giggles. 
Service = GREAT 
Food = DELICIOUS 
Vibe = relaxing
Recommend...YES!
#tamlovestoeat @yelpnola @yelp #yelpelite #yelp #yelpnola #sundaybrunch #brunch #sundayfunday #breakfast #bottomlessmimosas #nolablogger #neworleansblogger #neworleansfood #foodporn #foodieYum yum yum! I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. I was kinda overwhelmed by the menu. It has a lot of random dishes couldn't figure out if it was more of a Mediterranean place or Italian but hey whatever it is I was into it. The apps all looked so good it was hard to pick just three. Loved the crab egg rolls tuna crudo and tasty shrooms. With a wide array of cocktails, we got one spicy margarita and one glass of Chardonnay. Apps are small and kinda pricey but all come with fresh in house made bread. Holy yum! We got sweet potato ravioli. The pasta is made with sweet potato and filled with cheese. This entree was over the top! Service was prompt and waiter was attentive. My only complaint was with a cold night even with heaters, the place was drafty. I was cold the whole time and kinda wish we ordered to go but maybe it will be better on warmer night. Alas! I'll be back! Great Friday night lent option too!Happy to see something fun and interesting open in this spot. 
The location and easy, breezy porch patio cannot be beat and the service is more than 5*!
It was POURING when I farted in here to meet friends for drinks, (order the Sexy Fish!), and one of the best apps:
Order the fresh Male Crabmeat spring rolls!!!
See pic, it's literally the biggest piece of whole crab delicately cooked in wrapper. Very good
I could sit here and watch the world go by all night.  Excited to return and try other intriguing menu items!Misa is a great neighborhood spot for outdoor dining. The food and cocktails are very good. Although I have not ordered off of the cocktail menu, they do a great job at Old Fashioneds and Sazeracs. The whole fish, pasta bolognese, farmer's salad and the ceviche are favorites, but looking forward to trying other dishes.Misa is a cute outdoorsy restaurant that feels like you're sitting out on a homey porch. I really wanted to like this up and coming restaurant but entrees that I ordered fell short of flavor and appeal and were not worth the $$$ for me. Plus for each dishes' appearance though!So sad that we didn't get to try the whole fish (they didn't have any availability so don't forget to call and check before you dine in) but everything else we ordered was delicious! A little on the costly side but definitely a nice cute Saturdate night restaurant! Service was also very good, servers trying to stay as far as possible from customers yet delivering great service! Proper mask and social distancing guidelines monitored!This place is amazing! Their food is unlike anything else offered in the city, but in a great way. There you can get authentic Israeli/Mediterranean cuisine, prepared by the owner/chef himself, and the food is some of the freshest and best tasting around. While I recommend everything on their menu, their Farmer's Salad, Tuna Crudo and burger are insanely good. Oh wait, their atmosphere is very charming too. Most tables are open to the outdoors while at the same time covered. There's also piped in music that makes me feel as if I'm at Namos in Mykonos, Greece. Trust me, you're going to love it. I guarantee it!Ended up being a pleasant surprise when we had originally wanted to go to another restaurant. (Didn't have space for our party) Sat outside at a wonderful table on the platform area. TheService was a bit on the slow side but we weren't in a rush. The brunch menu was pretty limited (only about 5 or 6 items) but we were very happy with the options. We got the mediterranenaan spicy shakshouka, the bourek which is thin pastry filled with a soft boiled egg, the Spanish omelet, and the sufganiyot. The egg  omelette was texture was so soft with a wonderful balance of veggies inside. The bourek was so crispy and had such a great flavor.  Also loved the shakshouka! The sufganiyot was a soft donut with sugar on top. Loved everything we ordered and happy that we just happened to stumble upon this place.I love Misa. I live in Florida and visit NOLA frequently. This is my new favorite restaurant. The cocktails are sublime. Today I had Sexy Fish - a perfectly balanced mix of light rum, pineapple, Peychaud's Appertivo and lemon - not too sweet and not too sour. The Porch is also very good. Drinks are made from fresh ingredients. 
Food - had the Eggplant Sabich - sorry no pic - Iraqi dish with blond eggplant, eggs, tomato salsa, chili, and tahini - divine flavors in every bite - a favorite! The Chicken Liver Pasta will take of your chicken liver yearnings. The chicken livers are cooked perfectly - tender and juicy. Tal's cheeseburger is delicious, perfectly cooked and juicy. Aron Mediterranean Latkes made with cauliflower and potatoes are golden brown and delicious. It's getting harder and harder to order because everything has unique bursting flavors.
The atmosphere is open air, relaxing, with unique and fun art. I'd love to host a party here!
Eric, my server is a fabulous bartender/mixmaster. He knows the menu and is able to answer all questions - friendly, fun and responsive to our needs.While I think the food was deliciously prepared, it wasn't one of my favorite meals. Firstly, having a good cocktail with dinner is very important for me. So when the waiter told me the frozen special was a pina colada, I was SOLD. I love love love them. But then he came back and told me they were out of the specific rum they use to make it so the frozen wasn't available. So I picked another cocktail off the cocktail menu. But then a second person came back and told me they were actually out of all rum so they couldn't make that drink either. It was a bizarre problem for them to have because more than half of their drinks on the cocktail menu were rum based. I mean run to Walmart and buy some of that's what it takes! Also our waiter was very polite but also tried to rush us into ordering several times and we just had to keep telling him that we were still looking. Lastly it's not really the restaurants fault but if you're not big into seafood or tofu, your options for apps and entrees will be limited literally to one dish, the half chicken. I will say though, the chicken was incredibly flavorful and very yummy. Like I said, it wasn't one of my favorite meals in New Orleans, but it wasn't the worst either. And the outdoor patio space on Magazine is very scenic and pretty.Food was good, service terrible. Getting our drinks, refills on water, an extra plate  - impossible. The waitress for the big party near us worked super hard to keep them happy. It was finally her intervention that got us our check. Unfortunately our waiter was missing in action. Big disappointment.Great experience- excellent & attentive staff, delicious food & COVID safe atmosphere with terrific airflow on veranda. They also had heaters to keep us warm. Menu was eclectic which provided something for everyone including kids. Definitely going back & would definitely suggest for a bigger group.Run don't walk to Misa!! It's incredible - highly recommend!  Same owners as Tals,- right across from Tals  Loved everything about it.  Food was delicious and fresh, the menu is wonderful! Great atmosphere - also a large porch and patio area.Yum! Ordered lamb shank it was delicious. Cauliflower curry and hummus was wonderful aslo. Service/Atmosphere great. Definitely will be going back.This is a very nice location, almost a garden restaurant. Very nice ambiance. The food has some Meditteranean, Middle East touch. We ate the lamb shank, which was delicious and a very generous size. My companion had the whole fried fish, which was also very good with a beautiful presentation. We also had Labneh, which was good, and Eggplant Shabich from Iraq. These eggplants were absolutely fried to perfection with succulent bodies. No grease here. It is served with tahini, which is OK but in my opinion, they would be even more divine if served with garlic yogurt. Perhaps, I would secretly bring some:). I am going back to this restaurant at the next opportunity. The service was also good. Pleasant and fast, but the restaurant was not crowded that day. Wishing you much success.We went there there with some family and a friend. The staff was very  attentive and helpful. My wife enjoyed the sexy fish cocktail. She ordered the cauliflower curry, which was out of this world. The burger  I had was amazing. I didn't get try everything but the lamb shank was delicious. Our table shared a ribeye, some ravioli, hummus, and a tuna plate. Also the desserts we had really topped this place off. Highly recommend!This was a fantastic treat!  Been coming down to Nola for 7 years and been to all the 'big' places.  This was so fun, exciting and different.  Loved the latkes, farmers salad & mushrooms to start.  Our guest loved the chicken.  And the sabich.  Coming back on our next trip.Looks great, and run by team from tal's hummus do you know it'll be good.  A welcome addition in a beautiful spot.  Good luck.I knew this was this place was lame when they had a house drink as gin and tonic very original. My friend ordered food from there they answered really quick and we expected everything to be fine and when we  we got there no one was there to greet us and they obviously saw us and they were too slammed to do anything about it not enough workers rude establishment.
Also your health score is 44 out of 100. YikesMisa was an unfortunate experience from start to finish. The enclosed patio was frigid. We had to ask for napkins and silverware several times. The female server was in a rotten mood, slamming the plates down and leaning over the table to retrieve dishes. 
The atmosphere is barren. 
Some of the food was ok but nothing was outstanding. The salad was beautiful and delicious. The sweet potato ravioli was good. My friends loved to calamari/ shrimp fry ( I thought it was greasy).
I dine out 360 days/year (VIP on Open Table).  My motto is -- I return for good service even though the food is mediocre. I don't return for bad service. 'Nough saidWhat a lovely surprise! We popped in for a brunch after a wedding and were super hungry. The service, atmosphere and food were super great. The server recommended several items that were outstanding. We were there on a cold day so we didn't experience their lovely patio but we can't wait to come back and sit outside for drinkies!Misa's food is outstanding. The starter mushroom platter had me and my girlfriends moaning. The lambshank fell off the bone and had a lovely slight cinnamon flavor that's hard to describe.  Highly highly recommend!!Great experience! Favorite dish was the curried cauliflower, with the tuna burger as a close second. Bolognese was simple but still good. Will certainly return.Iced Tea was $3.00 each in small glass filled with mostly ice. It is stated nowhere on menu or said verbally by waiter NO FREE REFILLS! Iced tea became the same price as our food being around $20 for 2 people. We each had 3 teas and mediocre tea at that. Was told by waiter "owners rule and nothing to be done".The atmosphere, service and music was so enjoyable we stayed for 6 hours to taste almost every delicious cocktail, entree and desert. Very impressed with everything! I highly recommend the eggplant pasta, curried cauliflower and sweet potato tortellini. Oh, and the sexy fish cocktail! Can't wait to go back!This restaurant just opened where Bordeaux used to be. The open corner space is super romantic and beautiful. We tried to bring our 1 year old toddler with us for a nice dinner here (which we will NEVER do again), but the staff were super sweet and accomodating. Think me and the lady will come back just the two us for a nice dinner. My Gin & Tonic was delicious, with even some sprigs of rosemary and sage in there as garnishes. The ground ahi tuna burger was one of the best fish sandwiches/burgers I've ever had, and my wife's cauliflower curry was also fantastic. So nice to sit outside and watch the world go by around sunset on pretty Magazine Street.