So, this is my 2nd time dining at this place, so I guess that means something.  I had got their special fod a New York Strip steal topped with blue cheese crumbles and garlic mashed potatoes,  with grilled asparagus for $13.99 also came with a ceaser salad. Great deal, the meal was gorgeous, almost to fancy for decatur st. Lol. It was like enjoying a Royal St. $40 Steak dinner on Decatur for a way better deal. I would definitely try the menu offered here.This is an old standby for me. Great lil' bar with familiar faces. Unfortunately it wasn't so long ago that one of the owners passed away. But the place lives on and you can still have a friendly chat at the bar and grab some food to go.I work near Mojo Lounge and often grab take-out for lunch. It's really a wonderful place: the food is delicious, wholesome, healthy, fresh, and the salads especially are generously portioned; the staff is pleasant and wait time is never more than 10 minutes; they're easy on substitutions/extras; there are quite a few vegetarian options, and the whole experience is perfectly no-frills. I often get the spinach and feta salad, and it's very well done.For the moment in your New Orleans trip when you start cursing the heaviness of the typical cannon of dishes. When your intestines are lubed with rue and the fried chickens are giving your heart a murmur or two, you may need something a bit lighter and having fiber in order to get yourself regular... well this is the place. Great little lunch spot.YUMM
The pasta salad was for sure the best I've ever had!! Thai chicken peanut wrap was delish as well... Oh did I mention the huge baked potato with big chunks of fresh crispy bacon? Super FABULOUS!Okay, 
So we're here on our third night in NOLA on vacation, and while the local fair of Po' Boys, creole, and assorted seafood has it's place, you're hard pressed to find anything remotely affordable that is outside of this style of cuisine.
While walking around the French Quarter, looking for an inexpensive Italian spot, we stumbled upon Mojo Lounge.  Let me tell you, after just looking at the menu, we (and our wallets) were relieved for a break from the typical fare.
I had a delicious pork tenderloin (outstanding!) with mashed potatoes (okay) and grilled asparagus (unbelieveable) that was out of this world, accompanied by a much missed side salad for only $12!! That's about the cost of most sandwiches (Po'Boys) in the area.  Extremely cheap eats! 
My partner had chicken and sausage cakes off the appetizer menu and they were a delightful variation on crab cakes, with a spicy roumelade sauce on top of a bed of greens for $7!  
It was the first time all week we'd found VEGETABLES included on the menu. 
The rest of the menu looked amazing, and we are definately going back soon.  
Also of note, a decent wine selection (though not a full "list") and inexpensive top shelf drinks ($6.00 top shelf margarita).
Can't say enough positive stuff about this place. . .We came by because of the great reviews but the place was empty which almost made us at first not want go in but we decided to try it anyway. The bar tender and cook looked at us when we came in said we can sit then 5 mins later we looked around and there was no cook nor bar tender to be seen. We stayed a few more minutes then decided to leave. Too bad, the Bree apple thing sounded good. Sad that all we needed was a welcome and maybe a glass of water.Used to come here all the time when I worked in the service industry downtown. Great food, good prices, and open late! Apples with brie and pork with port reduction sauce are delish. Only thing is service can be lacking and sometimes down right rude.Came here with a big (8) person group and they normally, don't handle this large if a group, yet they accommodated us without issue.  The food is great as well and good value, I can't stress that the people here are so friendly and the food is great, don't wait in that line at Coop's unless its your last night, come here and have some awesome food, steaks were good, they don't rival some high end steak spots but is still good.  The Panini's were all great, produce seemed fresh and the only knock is the men's room wasn't all that great.Fast service, attentive staff. Wine selection while not oversized has just the right selection. Now for the home-run. Chicken Cordon Blue. So fresh great for you and the taste.... Of the chart.Thank you Mojo's...for serving something OTHER than fried po-boys, red beans and rice and gumbo.
Now, I LOVE southern food as much as the next gal, but after eating nothing but for three days (morning, noon, and night) this California girl needed something that wasn't battered, deep fried or swimming in butter.
We were looking for a light sandwich/salad lunch and no joke, walked around for about 45 minutes checking various menus.
Red Beans and Rice
Etouffee
Gumbo
Hush Puppies
Jambalaya
Hamburgers
Biscuits
Salads?  House Green or Cesar only.
Are you kidding me!?!?  We were dying for something simple and *gasp* NOT fried, but wanted a place that was local and not lacking variety.  We finally asked a waitress (after checking a dozen restaurants) and she suggested Mojo's.
Its pretty unassuming inside, and the menu is small. But they had more than 2 sandwich/salad choices so we decided to check it out.
I had a ham and brie sandwich with fresh tomato and lettuce on a croissant. My friend had the tuna on croissant and our other friend had a mozzarella proscuitto salad.
Although they were served with potato salad - shocking - it was exactly what we were looking for.One of the best and most affordable places to eat in the French Quarter. The salads are huge and are super fresh - they even make most of their salad dressings in house! Also a great place for vegetarians. They have a fantastic house made veggie burger as well as some other options. Great outdoor seating on Decatur and never too crowded. It may not look like much from the outside, but it is definitely worth a try!Been stopping in here on occasion for years. Even back when they had a pool table. Food has always been great. Much higher quality than typical bar food. Bartenders have always been nice. I remember a guy named Mark with long hair being there for years and always being friendly. Not sure if he's still around, but everyone has always been cool. Indoor and outdoor seating. This place seems to fly under the radar but is really worth a stop if you're on Decatur.I love the food here, the cook is a babe and totally knows what she's doing. This place never lets me down, and the staff is super friendly.
EXCEPT.... 
I have had one negative experience involving a certain server. She gave me a lot of attitude for no actual reason, and I have heard her being rude to others as well. I really never complain about service (look at my other reviews, usually write very positive reviews) but she is REALLY mean, she mumbles, and she just has a shitty shitty demeanor.
 I'm FROM HERE to be mean to me is like being mean to a wounded bunny. I NEVER give attitude, I'm always super polite and I work in the fucking service industry. I cannot wrap my head around someone whose so fucking rude. I get it at dive bars, but there at least is some aspect of flirting. 
I just think someone needs to have a sit down with her. And if she is the owner, she should know better.My wife and I decided to give the place a try. When we arrived, there were only a few people there. The brie and granny smith apples were great. 
Service was not so great. The bartender/server seemed like she didn't want to be there as she slammed the cups, plates, and silverware down on the table.
The food was actually pretty good, so I could stand a little bad service. As we were finishing our meal, we heard a strange noise. Everyone looked around and wondered what it was. The bartender said " I think it's our friends from next door." We finished our meals and we saw the BIGGEST rat ever walk across the floor. It looked like a field or sewer rat. It was huge. And nobody there seemed to care. We left money on the table and immediately left. 
We will NEVER eat there again!Great local bar/ restaurant,  had the meatballs, great job chef, bartender very cool, if your a local worker grab your mates come drink and laugh here close to the French market which makes it that much better, I went shopping at the market, them headed here to cool off, grab a cold beverage. A plus peeps . Get here enjoy.I'm not one to just hand out 5 star reviews, but this place beat every one of my expectations. I ordered the pork tenderloin and it was every bit as good as what you'd get at a 4-star fine dining restaurant and it was only $12. The starter salad was full of fresh leafy greens and came with a delicious balsamic vinaigrette and was included in the price of the entree. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone.I love love love their Quinn panini and their prosciutto and mozzarella salad here. The food is yummy and good prices...same with the drinks. Everything is always consistently good and I've never had a bad experience here.It was hot, we needed a cold beverage...this was the first place we saw.  
Wow, were we lucky!
We ordered one each of The Dixon and The Quinn (panini sandwiches) and then split them between the two of us.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The person preparing these dishes is an actual "Sandwich Artist." 
The pasta salad was amazing.  Try it or regret that you didn't.     
The bartender was also our server and was a delight.  She made us feel very welcomed and we will definitely be back on our next trip.My husband and I ate at this restaurant twice during a visit to New Orleans in April 2015. The fact that we were in New Orleans and chose to eat at this one twice says a lot. The staff was fantastic on both visits and the food was delectable. Their prices were insanely low as well!We stumbled on to this restaurant. It appeared to be a nightclub from the exterior, but someone recommended we try it for lunch. 
I'm so glad we did. You can watch the chef/owner prepare your food while you wait. The food is delicious. A typical lunch special might be chicken picatta, hot off the grill, with grilled asparagus, homemade mashed potatoes and a salad of fresh greens, onions and  tomatoes with homemade blue cheese dressing. Enough said. :)I had the 8oz NY Strip with a baked potato. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium and it was seasoned just the way it should be seasoned. I was impressed with the quality of the food, but I couldn't believe it was only $11 for me entree. My dinner guest had the pork tenderloin with potatoes and asparagus. Everything was delicious. They make their drinks strong too!! Only $4.95 for an Absolute Citron and Pineapple juice!! I recommend this place to anyone.Always try to stop in when we're in NOLA.  Delicious food in just the right portions, and a cozy laid back atmosphere.  Not too wild; not too quiet.I heart the Mojo! Kick ass food, attentive bartender, chill location. You want a nice meal without all the pretentious hoo-ra that generally goes along with it?  You should totally go sit outside and relax while you watch the buzz on Decatur street, sip some chilled white wine, and let Dale cook you up some food. Linger over a green salad with KICK ASS bleu cheese dressing, and make sure you order your beef cooked mid-rare. Strike up a conversation with the folks at the next table; they are nice people and will be kind to you. Maybe do a shot with the bartender, and see if he will make you a Pimms Cup to go. Then go stroll around Frenchman or see a show or something, you will like it. Life is good.I go here to see Mark.  If it weren't for him I prolly wouldn't come here anymore.This was a great place for an afternoon lunch. At first glance it's your standard smallish bar with a few additional tables outside. 
But a quick look at the menu and this is far from your standard burgers, fries and chicken wings pub fare. We ordered two different pannini sandwiches and everyone was pleased. Apples and brie are on the menu but we didn't get a chance to try it this time. Salad and pasta salad as sides were a healthy alternative to fried alternatives and both were served in large portions. 
The bartender/wait staff were all friendly and on top of everything they were very pet friendly - allowing us (and puppy) out of the heat for a relaxing lunch.I love Mojo lounge. I really REEEEEEALLY do. My wife and I come here for their panini's all the time and everytime we get them, we're both nearly drooling by the time the plates arrive to our table. Not to mention that the place has a very homey kind of feel to it. It's away from all the hoopla of Bourbon Street, but central to both Decatur and close enough to Esplanade and Frenchmen. It's also open late for your after dark munchies. Oh and their pasta salad? 
A-MAZING. 
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I found out recently that they don't take any pick up orders over the phone which I thought was kind of strange. I work in the quarter and would love to pick up my lunch from here but alas, it just isn't meant to be. Other than that, this place is fantastic.The Ny strip with bleu cheese is out of this world. Cheap drink prices and the food is a wonderful quality for the low price you pay compared to other French Quarter bar food. Get the Balsamic viniagrette on the salads, it's killer!Very impressed! The Caprese salad was heavenly! Their balsamic dressing is delish! Those fresh Creole tomatoes have the wonderful, vibrant flavor of the ones my Dad used to grow. Memories. Lovely starter. Only $7.
I had the grilled chicken over pesto cream sauced ziti. Just the right amount of basilness. The chicken was grilled perfectly, too. Moist and smoky. I wolfed it down. 
Daughter had the generous cut of strip steak. Huge baked potato with the works came on the side. She said it was awesome. Had leftovers. Spent about $40.
Ambiance not fancy, it's a bar. I go for the food anyway. Service friendly.
Money well spent. I kept trying to figure out how to get some of those Creole tomatoes home without squishing them. I guess I'll just have to come back........I guess they started skimping on the potato salad, you get a 1/3 of what people posted in their pictures now.
Got the max club panini, it wasn't great.  It would've been a lot better if they'd but the lettuce and tomato on *after* they grilled it.  The "amazing potato salad" just tasted like black pepper. They only have one beer on tap but at least it's abita, not budweiser or something. 
The service is great, the bartender was nice but not in an over-top-way like a lot of the places in the quarter. 
I'll probably be going back since it's cheap and right next to my house, but I definitely won't be getting a panini with lettuce and tomatoes again.The food at Mojo is indeed fantastic. I love the prosciutto salad. I have also had great steaks and sea bass there. The crazy mean waitress seems to always be working when I visit  though and that is the only reason why I can't give Mojo a 5 star review. Just sit outside and avoid her. The food is worth it!The food is decent and it's pretty reasonably priced. The staff is all really nice and the fact that they have outdoor seating makes this a nice little dive.Walking around in the French quarters we were looking for a nice small place to have a beer.
With some outdoor seating this got our attention. 
We only had a beer each, so I can't write much about the food nor the service. The bartender was nice, there were locals hanging by the bar and a tv was on in the background. 
Nothing extravagant but a nice place for a beer at leastThis place was great! As all joints on Decatur it may be overlooked. The tables and chairs don't match but who cares! the food was very tasty. I had the steak and potato with a salad included. The steak had a great flavor the potato was perfect the salad was crisp and fresh. It wasn't overload of too much food. In my glory I finally asked my boyfriend how his veggie sandwich was and he liked it too! I was too involved. Price was right. We went back before catching a flight we had the brie (warm) with apples and bread, it was a perfect send off! love the food Mojo!Went about 2:30 on a Tuesday and we were the only ones in there. The food was quick and good. 
We had the quesadilla for an appetizer and it was yummy but quite cheesy. I had the ham and spring mix sandwich with a salad. Definitely amazing. My friend had the brie, ham, and apple sandwich which was equally good. Very fresh and quick. The bread was amazing on the paninis. A bit too greasy for my liking, but I'm super picky about grease.  For the normal person it would not be seen as greasy. This was definitely better than typical bar food. 
The waitress was nice and very attentive.Food was great and the service was top notch. The server really took care of us even though they were about to close.The hidden gem in plain sight. Do yourselves a favor and grab the steak for dinner. What everyone else charges double for, Mojo has for less than $15 
A must stop in the Quarter.Any panini is a winner.  Friendly, smart people working here...  A great find!!Right off Decatur, perfect location. Great prices, food was delish. We ordered ham, Brie, apple panini and Spinach wrap. Both meals came with side dishes. Total bill was under 20. can't beat that in NOLA :)Decent Affordable Food & Drinks Fortified With Attitude
SITREP
Located in the French Quarter, this is a nice little bar that is close the waterfront of the Mississippi River.  It has a very romantic, intimate - and yet still a bit kitschy - ambiance.  It boasted some proud history which some of the local (entrenched?) patrons were all too happy to share with us.
THE SETUP
I'm getting a Mojito for my friend and I get a Diet Coke for myself.  We were just kicking back a bit at the French Market and decompressing.  We were also being regaled by her talented personable 3-year old son with his "restaurant impressions."
THE FOOD
We got some delicious items, including their pasta salad and Thai Wrap.  These were yummy.
I actually had to go the next door establishment to round up some French Fries for the kid (what?  No French Fries in the French Quarter @ Mojo's?) and I got some pretty serious "Stink Eye" from the Bartendress.  But the fries were in to-go boxes, and we DID order food and drinks at her place, so I felt like she begrudgingly let slight what must have been a faux piss I guess.  ;)
THE LOWDOWN
For a quick stop to get a pick-me-up and decompress for a bit, the Mojo Lounge is an okay time.
Postscript:  The Mojo Lounge kinda fucked me up when I got back home to Sacramento, because we had some great events coming up here at the "Momo Lounge", and so I kept saying "Mojo" when I meant "Momo" for a couple weeks here.  So I blame it all on missing New Orleans already and wanting to be back there.] ;)Reasonable prices, small but perfect cafe menu. Had the turkey and pesto panini with the pasta salad and a bottle of Barqs. Wonderful!Delicious!!! Looks like it's a dive but the food is amazing! We ordered fajitas, tortellini, chicken Cordon Bleu, and the meatballs. We all shared and it was fan-freaking-tactic!!! Hidden gem!I've eaten here a dozen or more times, and I'm always reminded how much I love the food, the atmosphere, the lack of tourist crowds, and the friendliest staff on lower Decatur. 
I highly recommend the filet appetizer. It's incredible and you would be hard-pressed to find a better steak in the Quarter for the price. The potato salad is incredible. The Thai chicken wrap tastes nothing at all like you'd expect, but it's still fantastic and chock full of chicken. The salads are always fresh, and the Quinn sandwich is a Brie-lovers dream.  My one teensy little issue with them? They don't deliver. Too bad so sad... For me anyway. Mojo takes the dive bar concept up a notch for sure - give it a shot!This place never let's me down.  I Come here every time I'm in town at least once a week.  I always order the NY strip steak. With a loaded bake potato,  and fresh garden salad. The staff is always friendly.  And they offer a great liquor selection.  The price isn't bad for the qualityOnce again another perfect MOJO meal. Not to carry on BUT let me carry on about the Chicken Cordon BlueI discovered this place on a recent visit home. Wish I had known about it sooner. It's mostly a locals place, where you can relax with a beer inside or grab one of the sidewalk tables and soak in the night. It's a less busy part of the Quarter, so it feels more like a dive bar in some European hamlet, away from the frenzy of Bourbon. 
Had the club sandwich one night, which was a bit gristly, but hits the spot if you've had a few. Tried the meatballs and angel hair pasta another night, and they were the best meatballs I've had in a long time.It's been a while since I was last in New Orleans, and I'm glad to say Mojo's hasn't really changed. The faces are new, local and friendly enough. It's a place you can stagger in, get amazing food at a really good price without all the noise and bother of Bourbon street. 
When you're looking for a place to get steak at midnight and a round of drinks in a darkened tavern, it's a good place to end the night, collect your thoughts or maybe make some new friends.
If you're on Bourbon and need some quiet, go to Mojo's. Good late night food that is a staple of New Orleans and a bar that serves whiskey neat. . . not hand grenades.We had a panini (apple, ham and brie)and a wrap(spinach and feta).  Both food and service were good.As a local that works in the French Quarter I always like to find places that I can recommend to my customers. Mojos has the great combination of service, food, and prices.The worst service ever. If you are going to try and help someone please don't be a monster and chase them off with poor service. 
We were recommended this place and we were sorely disappointed by the lack of service. We never tried the food and will not be back.The eternal debate between my stomach and mind rages on (and escalates) in the balmy heat of New Orleans.
*****************************************************
Stomach singing (with thighs as back up): "We movin' on up" (Movin' on up) in a pant size, cuz you just can't say 'no' to another slice o' piiiieeee"
Mind: "Oh Lord" ::rolls eyes::
******************************************************
If your inner Lucho lovin' orphan plaintively asks "Why can't we ever just have a salad?" my solution is to go to Mojo Lounge. The fact that I'm extremely hesitant to share is a clear indicator of just how much i treasure this little gem. Located in the French-market area of Decatur, I found the place by accident back in Dec '08, and had such a great experience, its now a 'must stop' every time i visit NOLA. 
As stated by many of the previous reviewers this is a no-frills, mostly locals place that provides a most welcome reprieve from the barrage of Creole / Cajun food you find in the Quarter. You know its good because at any given time of day, there's a bunch of first-name-basis locals coming in and out to pick up food orders. If you choose to eat in, the air conditioned interior has a 7 stool bar, 2 TVs and a pool table to occupy your time while you wait for your food. Outside tables have ceilling fans stirring the muggy air as you enjoy watching the passers-by. 
Here's the lowdown:
+ 2 star: Food-- simple, straight forward, comforting, and surprisingly affordable. Entrees come with a side salad. Do yourself a favor. GET THE BALSAMIC DRESSING. Its very tasty. My three picks are :
- The 8oz. NY Steak (med-rare) cooked in garlic butter and served with a whole baked potato on the side. ($12) 
- Pork medallions in a cranberry reduction, garlic mashed potatos and asparagus ($11) and
-Pancetta, melted brie, and granny smith apple sandwich ($6) 
+1 star: Ambiance: Though there's not much ambiance in terms of fancy decor, loads of character is found in both the staff and the people who frequent the place. As a person who frequently travels (and eats) alone, i really appreciate a great spot where you can eat alone in comfort and ease. I bring a book and linger outside well after my meal is done. The place becomes decidedly more rowdy after 11pm when all the (food) service people pile in for a well earned drink and chance to dish about the day's drama. 
+1 star: Staff-- really nice people. (As long as your not a sloshed out of your mind douche bag tourist type.) Seriously, show them some respect and they are Southern hospitality personified. Chef takes pride in the food he makes, and will come out of the kitchen to personally ask you how it was.  
+1 star: Price. With the most expensive entree being $12 (for a damn tasty steak) note that the affordability of this place is corollary to the expanding of your girth, despite a consistently shrinking wallet. Coincidence? I think not.Great food. Cool vibe. Good value.
Had a steak and wrap.  Sat on patio.  We liked waiter and chef.I've always gotten prompt and courteous service at Mojo, even on busier nights. There's usually some Adult Swim show on the TV over the kitchen, which is nice. There is also a jukebox if you'd prefer to listen to one of the many tracks that are available. 
The drinks are much stronger than the ones across the street at 1135, and less expensive than Pravda. It's also well-lit and smoke-free. 
The food at Mojo is honestly some of the best food I've found in this city for the price. If you're looking for 'bar food,' look elsewhere. Mojo's food is more like that of a 4-star restaurant, with steaks, salads, sandwiches, and pasta dishes. 
If you want to be the most important customer in the bar, buy the bartender a shot of Jameson and you'll be treated like royalty.Great place to grab a seat, and a stiff drink. The food is amazing and for French quarter prices very reasonable.Hang around the Quarter too long, and you're bound to eventually find yourself stumbling into Mojo Lounge at some point or other. For late night weekend grub, my stomach usually heads in the direction of Mojo versus Angeli on the opposite street corner. (Don't get me wrong, Angeli is great late night food too, but Mojo really hits the spot.)
While I love that their kitchen is open late (I think the kitchen closes at 2am on weekends), they're just as yummy for lunch or a casual dinner. It's definitely more lounge / bar with food than a strict restaurant, but the food is great. They've got both an appetizer plate and a sandwich involving brie and Granny Smith apples. To die for when you're drunk and hungry. They've also got plenty of other good sandwiches, including plenty of vegetarian options, but they make a great steak as well. 
If you're looking for frat boy drinks, you should head elsewhere - they purposely don't stock energy drinks, so no Red Bull and vodka here.My parents are visiting and I was looking for a place to lunch.  Being new to the area still, I am finding places to try based solely on yelp reviews.  Today, Mojo Lounge was up to bat. With all the people in town for the bowl games, I thought it would be less crowded to go a little further down Decatur.  Mojo Lounge is a bit hard to find - I passed it twice!!!  There is just a little painted sign above the door that says "Mojo."  When we walked in, it was pretty empty and looked more like a dive bar than a place to eat, so I was skeptical.  But you yelpers didn't do me wrong - the food was great!  We all got the club max panini with potato salad, and we shared a side of the pasta salad.  Everything was very good.  I would say this is a perfect lunch spot and I will definitely be back .  The menu is small, but I would say its spot-on for a quick, filling lunch when you want something less greasy than burgers and po-boys.  I didn't take a picture this time because all of our orders looked exactly like the pictures that are already posted.Well it was the Fourth Of July, and I thought the food was mixed, like the salads were decent, the steak good, my pasta dish so/so.  
Maybe Sunday is a lightly staffed night, because it took more than a hour for our food to come out.
Frankly, I was going to give them a 2 star review, but the staff was extremely nice, and I forgot my bag with all my important shit at an outside table, and when I came back a hour later, it was sitting behind the bar waiting for me.
I think the menu needs improving and the staffing could improve, but the guys there saved my day.  3 stars and a promise to return.Mojo's has become THE go-to place for my wife and I. The service has been great and the food and the value are phenomenal!Great bartender's, great food, great place.  Friendly, warm and laid back.We were here a few weekends ago and absolutely loved the food.  It was a nice, quiet place with really friendly service.  The potato and pasta salad are AMAZING.  The paninis are amazing as well.  Will definitely be back when we're in town.Mojo's is the perfect spot for a real meal with a quieter atmosphere than the usual Bourbon Street, French Quarter noise. I went on a gorgeous Sunday night with my girlfriend and shared a bottle of wine, at the suggestion of the server. Great choice!
She had tortellini with chicken in a cream sauce, and I had the meatballs. The portion size was perfect. As Americans, we're used to gigantic plates of food that we can't finish and don't really want to take home. Not at Mojo's. Split the Caprese salad as your appetizer and you're golden.  The meals were outstanding. Truly, they were nothing you'd expect from a tiny corner Italian joint in the French Quarter.
This is a diamond in the rough, my friends. Great food, good service, and outstanding atmosphere. Don't miss it.Yum. Refreshing menu. Reasonable prices. Do yourself a favor and eat here, especially if you want to get off the main streets and take a break. The food is fresh and menu options are unique and healthy!Pasta Salad. The End. :)
No, but really their pasta salad is to die for. I live a block away from this place and I never tire of popping in for a Mozel Tov panini or a Ham and cheese croissant. The indregients are fresh. Fresh spring mix on the sandwiches, juicy ripe tomatoes., Just a solid place to get a yummy sandwich.A bunch of locals recommended the three cheese tortellini here and they were not wrong. The sauce is ridiculously amazing - fresh, a little spicy, just perfect - not to mention the tortellini. We also got a salad with their homemade balsamic, by recommendation of a guy at the bar - he wasn't wrong either.
Totally and completely recommended.I'm giving this spot a 3-star review for a very good reason. It's as a courtesy to the owner. 
The food, the service, the location ... ugh ... let me tell you...
Ok, now that I've weeded out the casual yelper and are only left with people that really want to know what's up:
The truth is, they don't want a lot of people knowing about them. They can't handle too many customers. 
The bartender actually told me only to tell people that i, myself, would want to dine with, about this spot. 
This place is truly the definition of a pleasant surprise. Easily a 4-star (I really did lower the ranking as courtesy to the owner).
If you're looking for a hole-in-the-wall, this is it.
It isn't the most comfortable place to dine - when my dining partner and I went it was a hot, muggy night (like most louisiana evenings) and the place lacked air condition. But they had the the store front opened up completely where diners/drinkers could sit inside or outside. 
Upon first appearance, you think "this is an average, dingy New Orleans bar." But once you order and your food comes, you'll sing praises. They know what they're doing. 
There's only two people that work here - the bartender and the chef. After speaking with the bartender, he realizes they have something special and don't really want word to spread too much about how good the food is because they can't handle too much growth at once. 
I was contemplating not writing a review at all, but I had to. The food here is absolutely worth checking out.
I highly recommend.I wanted to take a break from Cajun and Creole food for a bit.  After searching over a 100 listings of restaurants on Yelp, I came across Mojo Lounge.  The dish that jumped out was the Pork Tenderloin.  I walked about a mile to reach the restaurant and it was worth it.
The minute I sat down, I ordered the dish I came here for.  The first course was the side salad, which came with homemade honey mustard dressing.  The dressing itself had a nice balance between a sweet honey and mustard flavor.  So far, so good.  Then, the main dish was delivered.  It was hard to tell from the photo, but the portion size was more than adequate.  The pork tenderloin itself was cooked perfectly and had a great texture.  The garlic mashed potatoes turned out quite well, and it had the right amount of garlic.  Finally, the three asparagus spears were larger than I expected and were also cooked well.  Overall, the dish was phenomenal along with the $12.99 price.It's a nice lunch spot (they also serve dinner I just prefer it for a lunch location), small local place with some nice menu options. They have some outdoor tables which I enjoy! The service is often slow and slightly rude though. But still a nice option to get away from tourist crowds and have a bite!Always friendly staff with great quality food.  A bar that is warm and welcoming  with the added benefit of beautifully prepared food at a decent price. Looking forward to going back and creating more memoriesI live around the corner from this place but never tried it before tonight.  Not sure why and I'm definitely regretting that decision now.   I normally go to Fiorella's next door, but their air conditioning was out and so I stumbled in here.  The food was awesome, the service was friendly and attentive, and the prices really can't be beat in the quarter.  The pork tenderloin was quite literally the most perfectly cooked pork tenderloin that I have ever put into my mouth and came with delicious peppery garlic mashed potatoes (chunky, which is how I actually like them), asparagus and a very decent sized side salad that I got with the house made sun dried tomato vinaigrette.  And all of this food was just 13 bucks!  In the french quarter, that's pretty unheard of, especially considering the quality of the food.  Also, I'm a bit of a hygiene freak and I loved that I could see into the kitchen and watch my food being cooked.  Will be back FOR SURE!Found this place on yelp while we were looking for something tasty that wouldn't be too expensive on our last (I.e. Broke) night in New Orleans - walking there I started to get a little concerned because the party I was with tends to be a tough crowd, and the street seemed to get darker and sketchier the further we went. Luckily they were willing to try it out once we found it and we got some drinks (good) and ordered food. We just got fajitas and salads but it was really great. Fresh food, cooked well, and they even make their own delicious blue cheese dressing which was exactly what I wanted (the greens and chicken just served as vehicles for the dressing.) 
I would recommend coming here but not when you're starving - come when you have some time to have a few drinks while you wait because it did take a little while - but then again, it was worth it!