The coffee is only okay and the staff is rude! I'm not sure if it was meant to be funny or what but it wasn't. It was just annoying.  I suppose this place would be worth it if you live right by but it's definitely not worth going out of your way for. Actually, we are going to go out of our way to avoid it.My wife loved the mocha. I had a decaf americano that was also very good. We also had a slice of coffee cake that was moist and delicious.Ok, the coffee is awesome! Having a Flat White and enjoying the groovy scenery. Should have ordered a large! The Yerba Mate Latte is excellent too. A nice smokey flavor, plenty of seats at 7am and wifi.Nice low key neighborhood coffee shop.  Good selection of teas and they offer bubble tea too which really isn't too common in NOLA.  But if you're offering a vegan coffee cake, why wouldn't you have a vegetarian sandwich offering?Best place to get coffee, friendly people and baristas. Chill and relaxing atmosphere. Amazing tasting coffee, best in this city by far. I would recommend this place to ANYONE and EVERYONE , especially if your a coffee drinker . This is THE place to be!I went stopped here on a whim with my boyfriend because I needed some caffeine in the system. It was packed with people, many on laptops, and seemed like a really cool atmosphere. I told the girl at the counter that I love all types of coffee, like it strong, and I asked what she would recommend. She said the macchiatto is good and has froth on it, and I decided to get that one. It was good, really strong, and I enjoyed it while sitting outside on the outdoor chairs. 
Served my purpose. Quick, efficient, friendly, tasty, strong, full of caffeine. I was then ready to explore Magazine St with my boyfriend.I love this place...it's the real deal. It's cozy, local and has the real independent coffee shop vibe I adore. 
The lattes and specialty drinks I have had have been craft fully made with care and attention and I gotta say I even like the bit of snark. Who wants a cloyingly sweet latte or barista? Yeah not me.
Oh and the salted Carmel frozen coffee Crispin makes me is like liquid crack. 
Only thing I'd change would be the bathroom but man you can't have everything and I'm willing to sweat in the loo like I'm in a third world country for that damn frozen coffee!While waiting for our table at Surrey my friends and I wanted to get some coffee. We stumbled upon mojo's. Seemed like a very nice place until ordering. The attitude and rudeness of customer service is unreal. We asked zero questions we were not obnoxious or disrespectful at all. Just placed our order and the man running the counter seemed completely inconvenienced of his job. He has such a piss poor attitude. Quit your job! Go home enjoy you life trying to attempt the world being a hipster. Good luck having a flourishing business. 
All in all the coffee was typical. I'm giving two stars for the cucumber watermelon lemonade. It was delicious. 
If someone tells the bearded dude to fuck off I will give you a Starbucks gift card.Was in line with a chatty guy who ordered a large iced tea. He reported it was coffee and gave it back, as I wanted a large iced coffee I offered to take it so the barista wouldn't have to make another. Upon tasting it, still not sure it was coffee, my friend who did get Ceylon iced tea reported her tea tasted faintly of coffee. Was not discounted at all for taking a drink that would have been discarded, and then had to actually ask to be handed it again after I paid. Tables were full of people camping for wi fi. Not impressed, won't be back.This place is the perfect local's coffee shop. The espresso is great, the people watching is hysterical, and the barista's pick the music so there is a large variety. It seems like a great place to camp out for studying or hanging out with friends and its open till midnight! I will definitely be returning and often.sweet little coffee shop in the garden district.  coffee is ok, nothing special.
i'm won over on the tea selection, local pastries and great music.Their drip coffee is good and their espresso cocktails are out of this world and worth a visit alone. The espresso tonic and avery island iced tea are both delicious. I've found it's not the best place for doing work - the lighting is kinda weird - but I often pop in for a pick me up.10 a.m. on a Wednesday.  Two, very slow employees doing everything, problem of management for understaffing is possible, but then if it's just the two of you, wouldn't you work hard and fast to take care of the line out the door?
One staff member rude and totally snobby to us as it finally became our turn.  We had waited in line for 15 minutes and he couldn't answer my simple question about their coffees with kindness?  Turned me off from ordering any coffee, so can't speak to their drinks.  Breakfast bagels/muffins had to be at least a day old.  
Lack of tables/chairs inside or out and the ones there were taken up by typically one person with a laptop (several on Skype calls), phone and books and NO coffee/tea drinks or food of any kind.  I get that coffee shops want to provide a sort of haven for these people to hang out or work outside the house, but this place clearly wasn't concerned about providing space for people who actually purchased food & drink.
Growing up in Seattle and being around coffee people and coffee shops my whole life I think this place has ALOT to learn on how to run a business.  
Highly recommend Pulp & Grind a short drive to the CBD or French Truck Coffee a short walk away on Magazine.  Both have light, bright spaces, amazing coffee and staff that cares about ALL of its customers.Probably the only cafe in this area that opens until late night.
The sparkling elderflower lemonade was so refreshing!! good for a hot summer day. The strawberry one was too sweet for me.I stopped here for a quick coffee and a snack. I really love the vibe of this coffee house. And the service was fantastic!Probably my favorite coffee place in NOLA.  I like the interior and the playlists they play.Looking for a good place to grab a cup of coffee decided to try Mojo. Walking in it had a cool vibe and smell which was instantly intriguing. They have a few different items on the wall, but I found the menu of the day to be the best place to make a decision. I landed on the Ethiopia which I watched, mesmerized, as the barista carefully prepped and made my hand pour. As she handed me my coffee, I just stood there letting the aromas waft as I delicately took a sip. And...it was some of the best coffee I've had in a long time. Maybe ever. It's a place I'm already thinking of returning to, and already checked out how to order some back home once I leave NOLA.Magazine street is the place to be, and this tiny, hipster coffee shop is a great stop to make along the way (especially if you're waiting for your spot at Surrey's!).
A little on the spendier side for coffee, but the baristas are great and do cute little designs, which I always appreciate.  Plus, we found out that both of the baristas that were working at the time enter these foam decoration contests and have both won 1st place before!!  So now we are following them on instagram.  Woot!I've heard so many good things about this place from so many people.  Maybe we just went on a bad night.  But my husband and I both ordered two different coffee drinks two separate times that night and found the coffee to be disgusting.  We had things with regular coffee and with espresso.  I still wouldn't give them a horrible rating because the ambiance was really cool.  It's nicely lit and kinda divey which i liked.  The barista was nice enough, except for when i paid he pushed the tip jar right under my nose.  I intended to tip him anyway...but I was kind of put off by that.My office. But I don't just go for the wifi and the cute baristas. The espresso, nitro, and pour overs are amazingly well done. Coffee connoisseurs will be stoked, but the staff won't make you feel like a plebe if you just want something simple. Best bagels I've had in New Orleans (tight, no air holes!) and their new light and healthy menu is exactly the antidote if you've had a few too many po boys lately. Music selection diverse and smart. My only complaint is that due to the commercialization of the neighborhood by bloody Air BnB there are too many clueless tourists on the weekends and a line out the door. Not their fault, of course.A nice little coffee place. I would recommend the ginger lemonade, it was awesome. They also have great coffee and pastries.Basic coffee shop. Tea, coffee, pastries are good. Sandwiches are OK. Now, the bathroom? Ouch! This has got to be worst I have seen.Came here while visiting New Orleans. Nice and cozy environment. Decent coffee. Would come again.Great coffe, food and service---but nastiest bathroom I've been in in a long time. If this is where the barristas wash up, gotta,go somewhere else.Great vibe and nice selection. This place has lots of character and many unique coffee and tea options.I dunno about their coffee, but the fresh squeezed lemonade is fantastic, especially on a warm, humid afternoon. Service was friendly, and the ceiling fans created a lovely breeze through the establishment.Great coffee and staff. The coffee cake is the best ever too must try ! Outdoor seating is perfect on a nice day. Place is always packed though which is a good thingSuch an Indy place to come to. Great music playing, amazing latte, and of course I had a great sandwich (Turkey & Swiss). 10/10 would recommend this place.Morning at the Mojo Coffee House on the corner of Magazine and Race, are the best kind of mornings!Delicious coffee with the perfect aroma! Everyone always talk about cafe du monde. But the coffee there is just okay. If you want to go to a tourist attraction, visit cafe du monde. If you want real good coffee, visit MOJO.Tasty drip coffee and a good selection of healthy breakfast treats.  Umm the only problem was what was supposed to be a quick coffee turned into waiting on line for over 20 mins.Great coffee spot near Surrey's Cafe & Juice Bar. It started to rain a little after brunch so hubs and I swung by for some coffee and a game of Battleship to pass the time. 
You can tell it's a local coffee shop. Plenty of seats and most were filled. Ordered a praline latte at the suggestion of the barista and went on my way demolish my hubs ships. 
The praline latte was great. The espresso shone through and wasn't bitter like some places. The praline added a nice sweetness to the latte, but it didn't overpower the espresso. Perfect temp on the drink as well. My milk didn't taste burnt. Yaaaasss!! On another note, I lost in Battleship against the hubs. BUT I won in coffee :)My favorite pour overs in the city! Sammiches are decent too. Its nice to come to a coffee shop with outside seating as well.Best coffee drink I've ever had. I got a "Randy" which is a mocha with a touch of vanilla, boyfriend got a cafe au lait and really, both were amazing. The barista was friendly and served us quickly. Only complaint was that there were no open seats when we went, but that's hardly the establishment's fault that they're so popular. Wish I could have brought this place back to Chicago with me.Enjoyed my chai tea sitting on their decent outside seating. One of the baristas was in a really foul mood and slammed the counter and yelled at a customer for picking up the wrong drink (by the way... it was the other barista's mistake. Not the customer's). I felt really bad for the customer and can't imagine he will ever be coming back to get treated like that after spending his money. As someone who used to work in the service industry, I try to be as understanding as possible. But that was absurdly rude... plenty of other places to get a decent cup of coffee and NOT get yelled at. Bye Felicia.Very good coffee with great quality milk. Staff is very friendly and customer-oriented. If you eat here, you can choose "normal" cup, not a paper one.
Loved it!Note: I'm going with a 4-star rating b/c overall MoJo's is worth it, this review is just a warning about the Bubble Tea
I love MoJo for their coffee & espresso hot/cold drinks, overall ambiance and service, but the spawn were craving Bubble Tea this go-round, so....
MoJo's Bubble Tea base is powder, not fruit or fruit smoothie blend, and they were out of the tapioca pearls, which are the highlight (yet still charged us full price: $3.50/small size). I  also didn't witness any actual tea being added, but cannot be 100% certain. The end result was pretty much what you would get from blending koolaid mix, milk, & ice
In the spawn's words: "blech". We went home and added more milk (hoping to at least get a milkshake out of it), but it was a lost cause...down the drain they went.
So, if you're going to MoJo's, enjoy their fine coffee & espresso selection, but leave the Bubble Tea to a more authentic, experienced locale.
On another note, I used to live in the 2-story apartment in the courtyard back in the day, and many an AWESOME party was had (pre MoJo/Rue de la Course days)Best latte in the city. It's a must ....the cash only thing gets a little tired but well worth itThe coffee is solid here. I'm an espresso fan, so that's what I know best. The iced coffee is also good. 
In terms of getting work done, I love that the wireless is totally BS free, unlike starbucks and other chains. Go online. Get your stuff done.
The place is cash only. The chairs are kinda hard to sit on if you're going to be there more than a few hours.I wish I could give Mojo zero stars. I've been to Mojo several times, unfortunately, because I really wanted it to be my new cool coffee hang out. The coffee was good, and the atmosphere is okay, even though I don't think an employee ever bothered to smile at us. The customer service has never been good- never a welcome or even "what can I get you?". They mostly just stare at you and take your order. The first time I went there, I overheard the cashier laugh at someone who called in looking for a job- stating if someone wants a job they should come in (his tone was rude and condescending). Then, last time I went there to get some work done I was sitting outside and happened to be sitting next to what I assume was the owner and two employees. I heard the owner start to speak about the "homeless people and college kids who come and sit at dirty tables to use the free wifi and never buy anything." He sounded like an old grump and judgmental, at that. They also talked about how the female employee was "acting like a b*tch when she was pregnant" and other derogatory statements. He also had a lengthy conversation about being upset that a customer ordered the last cookie that he wanted to eat. Basically, I am glad I overheard this because I will no longer come back, even if the coffee is decent.Cash-only, great coffee, great pastries, clean bathroom, outside is dog friendly. A serious favorite.The first time I went here was when I first moved down here from the North. I didn't know any of the staff or regulars but they made me feel welcomed. I stayed their talking with them for a couple of hours. 
The organic, trade-free, hippie coffee was really good and really cheap. I brought my own mug and it cost me a little more than a dollar!Always loved this location, especially since the expansion. Cold brew + hot coffee options are on point. And today I had a hummus crispbread and WOW it was so delicious and hit the spot for my plant-loving tummy.I've always had good service here and find the atmosphere really not - very friendly and welcoming, but also pretty relaxed if you want to grab a table to get some work done. Only thing I wish was different was that they charged less for a refill of things like iced tea (e.g., you only had to pay like $1 for a refill, rather than paying full price for the second one).Needed a  close by Early morning coffee fix near the guest house on magazine street. Never had a latte because I don't take cow milk. Requested one with almond milk and it was Delicious!  Not hot though. It was warm - ready to drink.  Caramel almond milk latte.
And my apologies to the shop for putting the used stir spoon in the clean spoon cups. 
The barrister was perturbed but graciously washed all the spoons. 
The latte w/almond milk is really good!Reasonable-enough cafe/coffeeshop in the Lower Garden District. I really like that the menu (which includes sandwiches and other basic cafe-style items) is hand-drawn on a giant wall sized chalkboard. The coffee selection is decent and the tea selection is okay, too.
They also sell bubble tea, which I'd highly advise against as they're made from neon powder mixes and contain no real fruit. Unless you're into drinking something that tastes like splenda and chemicals. Maybe you are. I'm not, so I get my bubble tea elsewhere.
The clientele is predominantly local, and the atmosphere is generally laid-back. There are better independent coffeeshops in the city for sure but if you find yourself in the LDG this isn't a bad place to stop.This is one of my favorite coffee shops in the city.  I love the Milky Way. The carrot cake is really good here too.  I've been plenty of times.  I tried a sandwich once (I can't remember the name) with apples and brie cheese.  The bread was extremely tough and it just wasn't the best combination.  I'm sticking to the coffee and pastries at this place.  I love coming here but I can't stay long because everytime I leave I have to hurry home to shower from the strong smell of cocoa beans.  Great place otherwise.  Free wifi.  Nice people.  Open late.Stopped in after a long day walking around in the New Orleans sun and was treated to one of the best soy vanilla lattes in my life! Matt K was an excellent barista, and very knowledgeable about the craft coffee business. Decor was modern rustic; comfortably inviting. Will return next time I'm traveling through!The staff is not that friendly. It gets hard to find a table if you don`t get there before 9.
Signs up saying you need to buy something for every hour you are in there make me feel slightly unwelcome.
Coffee and everything else I have bought there so far is very excellent though!The coffee is ok but the staff are AWFUL. Every time I have visited there has been serious attitude from the baristas and in particular the owner. I can't even begin to fathom how this place has 4 stars, AKA how so many people put up with such atrocious service and such a miserable atmosphere. Not an excuse when there are plenty of other great coffee options.
Go literally anywhere else.Let me give you some background.... I don't usually go out for coffee, however, during a recent visit by my darling family (4 sisters at one time, can you say crazy!) one of them decided it would be a good idea to break my French press. Deep breath.....now I wouldn't call myself a coffee snob or a caffeine addict, but I do enjoy some coffee in the AM. Mojo to the rescue! 
Mojo is perfect distance from my house so that I can hit it up on my morning run. It opens at 6:30 AM on weekdays and often times there are coffee zombies queuing up outside waiting for the doors to open. 
Once inside it has the quirky coffee shoppe vibe, rotating art on the walls, magazines, outlets, ect. Also, this place has tasty iced coffee. One large with almond milk please! I take it to go, but I find the chairs and table outside a charming location for Magazine St. people watching. 
As previous reviewers remind, Mojo is cash only.Love the hours they keep! Best hot coffee drinks. Love the Milky Way one. So unique and delicious. Pastries are also great!Great hours in a neighborhood where most businesses seem to sleep in late. I had a bagel that was fairly unremarkable, which is only a problem when you consider the amazing food alternatives a few blocks away. Staff was VERY friendly, and the atmosphere relaxed. A great spot to caffeinate while reading or people watching.Not sure when they did the renovations, but between the last two times I've been at Mojo, the place has gotten twice as big! Very bright and spacious, great study space -- open until 11pm, which is much later than other cafes in the area. I see people studying both indoors and outdoors when I drive past all the time.
I'm not a huge coffee drinker so I usually get the iced chai when I come here. It's a little sweeter than I'd typically like my chai, but I deal with it. It's more creamy than spicy, but I definitely prefer it the other way around. Anyways, on my last visit, it was a LOT sweeter than I remember it, so I nicely asked a barista if it was possible to fix it/make it a little less sweet. She flat out just said "NO" in a super rude tone -- this definitely could have been handled better... if a drink can't be fixed, a barista will usually tell me sorry, but our drinks are premade, or at least "no" in a more polite manner. I have a negative interaction with someone who works at Mojo almost every time time I go there, sadly. Last time, someone was annoyed when I asked where the restroom was, like I was expected to know I had to go outside to the little outhouse thing. I don't think I'll be going back.This is my favorite coffee shop. The staff is very friendly, and the coffee is excellent. They have a large selection of drinks,including teas. They also have muffins,bagels,breakfast sandwiches and they make great wraps. 
This place has far more character, and characters, than a big chain coffee shop. I highly recommend Mojo.
Since I go here nearly every day, I hope to see you there.Employees are awesome and the products are great.
If you're staying to do work you get your coffee in a ceramic mug instead of a to go cup. The tea selection is incredible as well. The baristas have really helpful recommendations.
As for food, the lunch sandwiches are really good. There's also a nice selection of pastries, breads, and desserts. They usually have a gluten free option or two and some vegan choices. 
The vibe is hipster, but in a not trying too hard way (which is much appreciated). It's really easy to get work done here, and the background music is always interesting but not too districting.
The outside seating is great on a nice day. They even have a big water bowl if you want to bring your dog. Street parking is not hard to come by, so you can swing on over any day. The other locations are also great.Their iced brew has improved and is now one of my favorites. I've also just learned that they're adding a real bathroom in the near future! I'm looking forward to spending more time here soon!I agree with Katie L. I'm going to avoid it. Rude, up-themselves staff, so-so coffee and pastry selection. The place is also hot as hell in the hotter days, they can't figure out the ventilation  or - god forbid - air conditioning! I was sitting there eating a 2 day old bagel, drinking sub-standard java and sweating my butt off! This is while the staff were conversing loudly and screaming at the top of their voices entertaining themselves!
cash only. CIAO!Seems to be going down hill. I used to love this place but now you have baristas that don't even know how to make the drinks that are in the menu. Just had to teach one of their employees how to make a espresso and tonic. After she muffed the first one all up she tried to make another and was about to ruin that one too. She obviously had no clue what she was doing and the tonic was flat. Also jamming a whole lemon wedge on the rim of the glass instead of just the zest floating like it should be was disappointing.Just stopped in while embarking on a Magazine Street shopping spree.  Matt K prepared one of the finest soy lattes I've ever had!The more I go to Mojo, the more I like it. I have been coming to this location since it was the Rue, but Mojo is really much better. 
The staff are friendly and helpful. Occasionally I go with a non-coffee drinker and the staff will always find something they will like. 
One of the things that I enjoy the most is the atmosphere. Whether you are talking about world events with the staff, or talking to a complete stranger about life, Mojo makes you feel comfortable.Mojo Coffee? We are talking vibe on vibe. What is this you ask? Fresh roasted coffee, check. Knowledgeable baristas, check. Chill tunes, check. Scrumptious pastry treats, check. Place to sit and ponder a
The meaning of life, check. Look no further. Mojo' shot you covered.Mojo coffee is the place that got me in to drinking coffee and the bar which I hold all futures coffees against! This was one of the first places I came the first time I visited New Orleans. I was as charmed by this little coffee shop as I was by the city itself. Everything from the art on the wall to the chalkboard menu to the killer bunny encouraging you to try the specials are charming as hell. The iced coffee here is fantastic, the best I've ever had. The pastries, tea and hot coffee are all top notch as well. Mojo is one of the first places I bring anyone who's never been to the city.Best coffeeshop in the LGD. Good drinks, free wifi, quick service. 
Cash Only, be prepared.+++++ Best Latte in Town. 
- only Cash
- Slow internet
++ Pastries from Norma's ( Latin Pastries) 
- Food is just ok 
+ Environment 
+ Opens till Late 
- RestroomNice coffee shop. Clean, stylish, good background music and good coffee. Nice place to spend an afternoon.This place was really chill. The vibe was pretty sweet, but the food is just decent for the price. The coffee was incredibly average in my opinion. The staff was pretty nice though.I only write this with hopes that management is reading: I like lots of things about mojo. But over the past 1.5 years of coming here, the wifi situation has gone from mediocre to downright terrible.
It's borderline unfunctional...and I almost always have to go elsewhere if I want to get anything done work wise.
Cafes are more than Internet, but......just offering up some feedback that if as a business you want to attract customers with this feature, it could use some significant improvementsThe best part about this place is THE BATHROOM... Not that the coffee wasn't good, it definitely was. And their hours are great. 
But that bathroom through the back of the shop and in its own section of the courtyard... I thought it was really neat. Even if you don't have to "go", check it out.I had a iced soy latte and it was delicious.  Came back for a iced coffee but it was just alright.  The coffee shop is pretty cute overall though and seemed like mostly people from the neighborhood just studying.  The barista was really nice and laid back--even after we came back an hour later for more coffee-"Hey you guys, again"Its no longer cash only which is good. I found the place nice, clean but a little too loud for a coffee shop, I had to scream over the music to be heard by my guest sitting across from me. Also, the coffee and the sandwich was pretty good but I thought $15 before a tip was abit much for a large ice coffee and simple sandwich, too pricey for my taste. Honestly I wont be going back anytime soon.I really enjoy this coffee shop. Something about the atmosphere is really warm and welcoming. 
The baristas are always really friendly. There are definitely locals that frequent this shop, but you'll also find that tourists and even actors find there way into this cozy place. Lined with wooden tables, a decent amount of outlets, and reading lamps, this is a frequented study location. 
Whether you want a cappuccino or a cucumber watermelon lemonade, they have some really interesting spins on drinks that make this place more than just any random coffee shop. This is a place that I love to come and write, have a vanilla breve and a slice of the cinnamon walnut coffee cake, and enjoy the interaction with my neighbors. 
If you're always in an extreme hurry, this may be a place that irritates you, but I love that the baristas take their time with each patron. They make everything to order, and they're not yelling orders at each other. The person who asks you for your drink order makes your drinks and then meets you at the register. You can utilize their tablet system, and you can even choose to have your receipts emailed to you. But there is a certain level of care with this service that I appreciate.
I will miss this place.Cute little place with outdoor seating for a lazy summer night. Went here to study at night as it was the only place around that was open past 9pm (open until midnight). I liked the crowd there (read: not just for hipsters) and was able to easily find study space.
Didn't get to try their coffee or the food, but their strawberry limeade was delicious. Would probably frequent the place if I were a local.First latte since moving back to NOLA and boy oh boy, am I happy my friend brought me to his coffeehouse stomping ground! I'm still thinking about that latte and I had it a week ago! So good and it was lovely to look at (for like 2.4 seconds) I HAD to drink it up!Such incredibly Friendly gals working here this morning! They offered many vegan places in the area and our coffee drinks were perfect! Also, they sell Girls Gone Vegan baked goods! Been wanting to try these!!!Pastries were fine, coffee was fine. Customer service? I was made to feel very unwelcome.  I was ordering for four people, one of whom was standing right next to me. When I started to order, the man serving me kept turning around, not giving me an opportunity to finish what I was saying even for my husband who was right there about to order. Both he and another of the folks behind the counter acted as though I was putting them out for simply ordering, with comments like "well then, what else do you want?" and a pretty snide "is that it?"
When I needed to return to the counter to request an additional small plate, I made a point to be extra pleasant and give a cheerful "thank you", to which I received the ceramic plate almost thrown at me with a muttered "yeah, OK". I had tipped on my nearly $30 purchase and  had been completely pleasant throughout. I've spent many years in food and beverage and customer service and I am always courteous to those in the same.  I'd given no reason for them to be rude to me.
I was in New Orleans visiting friends and it was my first time in. It was really disappointing to be made to feel so unwelcome for asking where a microwave was and spending money. I don't expect white glove service at a coffee shop, but a simple "you're welcome" and basic courtesy goes a long way. It was bad enough to really bum me out on my last morning in the city :-(Please add a real bathroom! I think many of Mojo's neighbors would enjoy the place a lot more if they didn't have to pee in a stank lean-to out back. It's so gross; and the coffee definitely doesn't make up for it. I've begun to avoid this place simply because it's so hot and nasty. $4 for an iced coffee should afford decent facilities.BEST COFFEE IN NOLA. it's conveniently located across the street from st. vincent's guest house & the staff & vibe are a lot friendlier, too.
it's small, quaint, & cash only. i've been known to go here twice a day, every day because the coffee is that good. seems very community orientated & it always feels better to support local business, too. 
grab a coffee & then walk to juan's flying burrito ... sets the stage for a perfect afternoon on magazine street.Pretty good coffee shop that's conveniently located and a decent size. I didn't readily identify anything that I wanted on the menu, but the Barista was kind enough to walk me through a number of "do you like" and "how about" questions to make a good recommendation. He quickly arrived to a customized drink that was PERFECT! I definitely appreciated the patience and customer service. So, the combination of good coffee, a cool location, and great customer service is a win in my book!I went for my fist time to this place his weekend, some friends recommended and I give only 2 stars because the staff saw us taking a table and no one came to take the dirty dishes so I have to take it myself and put them in the stand the girl not even say thank you! Coffee was good flavor but the mugs are too small for the price, plus I ordered a cappucino and they didnt do the flower on the foam and in the pictures of the website looks like they do it.