Beggars can't be choosers. One of my favorite cuisines is Middle Eastern, so when you have a taste for lamb and Hommos, I was going to eat anyway!
It's quite a large space, and with over 16 tables, and yet at 7 PM there are six of us in here.
The three German cockroaches that were dancing under my feet the entire meal are an indication of their comfort level. This place hasn't seen a professional cleaner in years.
I really enjoyed the lamb dish, however the bread was not fresh ( it would be acceptable if you were serving this dish at home, but not at a restaurant). So the stars go to the lamb. 
At the end of the meal I asked for coffee, which was served slightly warm at best. I asked the waitress to get me a hot coffee, and the answer was that they would need to remake another pot 
For it to be served hot. That was as far as the conversation goes....
Shame .... I gave a 10% tip and also wrote "tips" on the receipt.Dude. Best Middle Eastern outside of Detroit and that says a lot. Had the Mona's Special App and garnish. SO good. Especially the fried kibbee, which had a nice cinnamon kick the lebne, baba and tabbouli with real cracked bulgar & mint. 100% recommend. Fast service too.Good find on Frenchman! Falafel was excellent as is the hummus. Rob was a really nice waiter. Pita bread hot and soft to pick up lots of hummus and baba ganoush.Ask for two sides of tzatziki, got none. Hummus leaked all in the bag, food is a mess in the container. Sloppy. Chicken had the consistency like gum. I asked for whole wheat pitas, didn't get those. Other locations take more pride in their presentation and taste so if you want Monas just don't go to the one on Frenchmen.This is the go to place for middle eastern food in New Orleans. Casual, Convenient, and Tasty. I love the gyros plate but pretty much everything on the menu rocks. Friendly and cheerful staff. They have a small grocery that sells hookahs and Mideast import goods. It is conveniently located on one of the coolest blocks in the universe.100% sober review. Food is crispy fresh and bursting with flavor, veggies and meat eaters rejoice.This place is absolutely amazing! Had the spinach pie, stuffed grape leaves, and sautéed veggie plate...probably my favorite meal in Nola out of my 3 day trip. Definitely a great spot for vegetarians/vegans.This Mona's popped up with like three others over a four month period a few years back.  It's not the best one, but not the worst.  Mona's set the standard for Middle Eastern in New Orleans, and is only bested by one maybe two others.Had the beef kabob w hummus everything was pretty average except location. 6 chunks of beef w salad & hummus for $16 I'll pass next time maybe it was because they were about to close I'll never know.Amazing food. Good for if you need a break from burgers, fried chicken and fries. Get some health and comfort. Good service too.These falafels. Amazing options for vegetarians and vegans. A must stop of healthy eating while in the Big Easy. Reasonably priced, spacious, attentive service, and a cafeteria vibe (if you're into that sort of thing). Their deep fried cheese was the bombdiggity. How one deep fries cheese remains a delicious mystery to me.Came here for one of my first few meals in NOLA, first time in the Marigny. Since then, howver, I've noticed a couple of locations, at least 2 in Uptown, which makes me wonder whether it's locally owned or franchised (if anyone has the answer, I'd love to be informed). 
Honestly, my impression was no more than meh. This particular location was clean and small, with friendly service and not many patrons for a Friday evening. 
I ordered meat-stuffed grape leaves, which came with a salad and some tzatziki saucea and pita. Honestly, the meat was extremely bland, and there was not much flavor besides lemon in the rice portion of the dolma. My vegetarian friends ordered falafel to share and they seemed to enjoy it a lot more. The portions were large enough that I and they brought significant amounts home, which were enough for another meal. 
I'm sure there's better Middle Eastern food out there in NOLA. I'm not going to settle for Mona's just because it's seemingly ubiquitous.Roaches in the pita bread basket. No bueno. Plus, the pita bread was not homemade. It was a little depressing to see stacks and stacks of pita bread still in the plastic wrappers, just sitting on top of one another. I ordered the chicken shawarma plate. Usually, it's amazing tasting shaved chicken grilled and rotated on a spit, kind of like a rotisserie. But this chicken shawarma was stir fried with a strong curry flavor. It wasn't horrible, but certainly not like any chicken shawarma I've ever had before. The hummus was good, but of course I couldn't eat it with any pita bread. And the baklava is not homemade either, and seemed a bit too dry for my personal preferences. It still tasted good -- you know, slap some honey, pistachios and phyllo dough together and it will usually taste good, but not bangin.'If you're looking for delicious, healthy veggies and a break from the local Nola fare, try Mona's. The shrimp plate came laden with roasted veggies, Greek salad and fresh hummus, on top of a generous portion of grilled shrimp. Actually a great value in a city where that can be hard to find.The hummus and food were great...service was lacking. The server was very inattentive and had only 3 tables. We stopped in for a quick bite while walking around and it definitely hit the spot and was a nice break from Cajun food.Really decent food for cheap, everything is fresh and tasty.  Great relaxed vibe and good service in the cafe, overall a great little escape from the heavier New Orleans fare and bustling tourist traps.a wide selection of vegetarian and vegan food. we went quite early so food was near instant. just advise them to hold the yoghurt if you are dairy free, no need for them to waste it and they were more than happy.
they need to update their profile to add vegetarian cause seriously it offers the widest selection on Frenchman St.I work up the street from Mona's on Frenchmen.  I regularly order for delivery.  I continue to stay frustrated with their inconsistency.  I received a sandwich today and when I opened the wrapper, I thought they had forgotten to fill it.  three thin slices of gyro meat, a little lettuce and one tomato.
Save yourself the frustration. Just say no.Loved the place, ambience and food. The grape leaves are tasty and the vegetarian platter is filling.Mona's is simply amazing. New Orleans is filled with great places to eat, and this is one gem that has not received it's just due. The Lebanese tea is divine (I think it is made with rose water). All of the sandwiches are under $10, and most of the dinners are under $14. The beef shawarma is about as good as it gets for food. Really, I could eat here every day.I stopped in here yesterday when I was over in the Marigny/Bywater area yesterday. It has been a while since I had middle eastern. That and one of my friends recommended this place. When I went i it wasn't that busy, I will admit that did change in 20 minutes.
When I went in I was greeted by a friendly waiter. Since I have only had middle eastern food 2 other times in my life I asked the man what his recommendations were. He told me to try the chicken shawarma. With that I placed my order.
Before my dish arrived the waiter brought me some pita bread. It was pretty good. I also liked their tea that they had. It reminded me of a dessert I once had called turkish delight. When the chicken shawarma arrived to my table  I decided to dig in. It came with hummus and lettuce,tomato,cucumber and a vinigarette salad dressing covering the veggies. This dish was truly superb, Especially the shawarma! I also spied someone eating a vegetarian dish that looked and smelled really good. I am not much on vegan food but I might just give it a try here. 
The decor was pretty nice, I noticed that they had a little convenience store inside the restaurant. While thoughts drifted to the confection known as turkish delight I spied a box of turkish delight! Let me tell you now that was a sight for sore eyes. This was the first time I had seen it here in New Orleans. I said something about it to the waiter he also informed me that they have a bigger selection over at Banks Street. After I payed for my meal, I took one of their business cards and left with a positive feeling.
In short great food, great service, great decor and of course Turkish Delight!As newly minted locals to New Orleans, my boyfriend and I were struggling to find some affordable and delicious eats in our new home. We almost walked right by, however, some truly gorgeous and happily saited Middle eastern women walked out and sent my spidey-senses tingling. Then i saw it on the menu, our heretofore elusive quarry, the "under six dollar" dinner option. 
As we entered, our olefactory senses were assailed by the most sublime crossroads of scents. Fresh bread, mint, garlic, rose, sizzling lamb. We both looked at each other with that crazy mixture incredulity at our good fortune and salivatory anticipation at what was to come.
We were promptly sat by Oscar, who quickly helped us navigate choices while getting to know us. The man is liquid perfection in waiter form, equal parts engaging, efficient, and attentive. The food came out quickly and delivered nicely upon its smells good promise. I can't wait to have more money to try some of thier platters! We have lived here 13 days and eaten at Monas 3 times. 
Hot tip: try the middle eastern tea. There is also a small grocery store attached where you can pick up exotic delights.Kitchen was quick and fries are hot. Baklava was fine. But the Greek salad had so much dressing on it to almost make it inedible.It was great to find a middle eastern eateries in New Orleans, hummus was delicious and so was the lamb kabob. I would definitely come back here when I'm back in new Orleans...thumbs up!Excellent server and good food. Ordered the lamb shank and hummus platter. Both were very good. Waitress was a doll. I would imagine finding food on Frenchmen St is pretty hit or miss and this was a hit. Thanks : ) 
As a note, Hubs was impressed and loved this meal!Mona's is reliable and always can expect a good treat.  I love the chicken shwarma and the tahini, with some baba ganuch in there too.  The food is always fresh, and the staff are friendly.  It's not really much of a restaurant environment. More on the deli side of things.  But I usually pickup Togo anyway.  The little grocery element in the shop is nice too.If you need a break from all the rich creole food this is the perfect spot. I love the cat fish plate the felafel plate. Their hummus is on point. The food is fresh and tasty. Prices are reasonable. If Mona's closed I think I might cry or at least tear up.Delicious vegetarian friendly and healthy meals. The hommus is super creamy and falafel so fresh and delicious.
Great value for money too.Terrific Shawarma, falafel, and Gyros at unbeatable prices for the area.Excellent Middle Eastern food made from fresh ingredients. Recommend the vegetarian grape leaves and the lamb shank which was on special!Mona's cafe was a delightful surprise! The hummus was authentic and delicious and the falafel was fresh and absolutely incredible! Growing up, I traveled to Israel yearly and have often been disappointed with the preparation of these staples in the states. The memory of Mona's cafe still lingers on my taste buds...I only wish I lived closer and could visit more often!Ate there last night and we ordered the gyro sandwich. The food was okay not as good as the other locations. But absolutely worst was the roach that appeared at the table and ran over the food. We jumped up and off the table in shock and the waitress was very calm and simply said ooh they come from outside. Asked us if we wanted to switch tables instead. No concern for the fact that there are roaches in the restaurant and on top of tables and food. Completely disgusted and horrified by that whole experience. Never going back. And would not recommend either, I will just go to the one on Banks as usual.Great delivery food - gentleman on phone was top notch and pleasant - food arrived quickly and was tremendous. This place has been around for a long time but is often overlooked. Great job and highly recommend.Delicious!  And great value for the money.  You can get sandwiches for ~$5 or entrees (which include a salad and hummus w/ pita) for ~$11.  I loved the hummus here - best I've had yet.  Beef shwarma was pretty good too.
There is a small shop attached to it too, but I didn't get to browse it much.I think I have reviewed the one on Banks but I've actually been to this one more often. Best Kibbie ever and the appetizer sampler is a great deal to split between two people.So I ordered a Falafel sandwich but received a Gyros sandwich. I appreciate when a waiter helped to correct, so she gave me separate Falafel and I replaced Gyros in my sandwich. However my husband enjoyed Gyros more than his Lamb Shish Kebab sandwich, so worked well.Delicious
So I order the fish and veggies plate which came with hummus and pitas.
I must say what I received was not what I expected, the description did not do it justice. From the description I was expecting some type of friend fish Mona's style.Mona's was a good relatively cheap dinner - atmosphere was a bit lacking (bad lighting, a TV on, dirty bathrooms) but the food and service were both great. Fun local spot that offers a good idea of the characters that live in this corner of New Orleans. I wouldn't go on a nice date, but for a relaxed, healthy, reasonably-priced dinner with friends, Mona's is the place to go!Food was ok at best. The delivery was quick and they communicated pretty well. We order some hummus and the portion was very slim. The gyro meat was good though.In a nutshell:
Food was delicious
Service was prompt and polite
Portions were generous
Inexpensive
Details:
I had the chicken kebab plate the meat was moist and the yellow rice was nice and fluffy. My bf had the combination plate which was a great sample of everything they have to offer. I should have ordered it as well but overall the food was great. I love to walk out full and know I didn't have to spend an arm and a leg. For the two of us our bill was only $29.61. There was only one waitress who managed to serve 5 tables and at least 10 ppl very attentively and politely. I will certainly be back again on my new trip to NOLA!Cheap, massive portions, solid food. Mona's has been serving up good middle eastern in NOLA since we were worried about the Cold War and petrol was under a dollah. 
And they're still good, even if they're in the Marigny rather than on Banks street. 
Lovely big food and a great experience.Great falafel! We ordered and it was in less then ten minutes. Very tasty. We also had two turkish coffes which were nice and strong and perfect after a long night. Place is clean and service was great.Mona's is the best Mediterranean restaurant in New Orleans and the Frenchmen Street location is by far my favorite.  I love the atmosphere and the staff is super friendly.  Their falafels are the best I've ever eaten anywhere and the spinach pies are amazing as well.  They have really amazing vegan and vegetarian options as well as tons of food for those who aren't. My husband loves their meat pies and the shawarmas.  Mona's is wonderful for both vegans or vegetarians dining alone or dining with groups of friends who may not be vegan/vegetarian.This place is amazing!  The service was excellent. I had their Gyro Plate and unsweetened mint tea; I would recommend both.  Their portions are big for the money.I go for the Gyro. I like it. I get it to go and shop around their little international grocery store for hard to find treats like Crunchie and Milka while I wait. Service is polite and quick. Go to the grocery store register to place to go orders.  I add some Feta and Cholula when I get home and serve with  sweet tea and Pringles. I'm easy.Mona had the best falafel balls I have ever had!  The prices were reasonable and the portions were quite large.  The service was nice and fairly quick.  Besides the falafel balls nothing spectacular but it is very good and mellow place to eat.Mona's doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a reasonably priced mediterranean place to eat near the French Quarter on Frenchman St.
First, it's worth walking over to Frenchman St. if you are staying in the French Quarters.  There are several interesting places for music in the evening and a nice cafe.  But back to Mona's, great place for hummus, salads, shish kebabs all reasonably priced.I absolutely love everything about eating here - from the hummus to the shwarma (sp?) it is inexpensive, slightly off the tourist path, and delicious.Favorite! Awesome fresh food and great service. The lamb shank, lentil soup, and vegetarian platters are my favorites but I've never ordered anything here I didn't like. They also offer super quick bike delivery in the quarter. The prices are amazing for the quality. I eat here at least once a week.Mona's is a cool place to break up the hustle and bustle of new Orleans! Located on Frenchman street, in the midst of many bars and whatnot, this is a great place for some authentic middle eastern cuisine. Great service and really good foodreally good honest lebanese food. excellent lentil soup. excellent falafel wrap. nothing fancy. just well-prepared, fresh, and at a nice less-than-$10 price point. also a small selection of middle eastern grocery items. otherwise, it's a no frills take out joint with some room to eat in. the staff didn't really speak much english but whatevs. you can figure this out. it's worth it.Ah, Mona - if only I could marry you!  This place has consistently good food over multiple visits to multiple locations.  They have the BEST falafels on the planet.  What I like about the Frenchman St location is that it is so unassuming from the street - it looks like some dirty windowed ethnic grocery store/cafe hybrid.  You wouldn't expect such delicious food - at such reasonable prices - til you sit down and order more food than you can eat.  Great service and fantastic products in the grocery area - spices, teas, legumes and such.  Well worth a visit and a meal or two when you are in New Orleans.This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Delicious food. Never disappoints. Staff is very friendly.  A favorite of many of my local NOLA friends as well.Ahh...Greek food in New Orleans.  It's abundant, but delicious.  And this particular one is worth the visit.  Excellent food, and pretty good prices.Everything is good and inexpensive like the other reviewers say, but I really like the Fattoush salad here. Crisp greens, good amount of tomato, olives and cucumber and the pita chips are good. The dressing is nice and lemony. they also have a little Middle Easter grocery adjacent (I think at all locations?).I love the food at Mona's.  The gyro sandwich is an excellent value, and their meat platter is delicious AND quite possible the most enormous amount of meat gathered together for $10.  I wish the service was just as stellar.  I went there twice during my last stay in New Orleans and make it a point to go there every time I visit.  The service the last time was ridiculous - a server left the bathroom and I went in and noticed that the toilet paper was out.  I asked our waitress (the only wait staff visible) if she had any toilet paper because the rest room was out.  She left, brought us our credit card receipts, and walked away.  We signed our receipts, and I flagged her again, and she came back and said that a co-worker was praying for a long time in front of the cabinet that had the toilet paper and she couldn't get any toilet paper tonight.  She then cleared our table and walked away. I think next time I'll probably get my food to-go.  If you do visit, the food comes pretty quickly and I highly recommend the rose water iced tea.We are very picky about  Mediterranean food and can easily say our food was very good! The atmosphere is very laid back but they take their cookin' seriously! Hey they have been in business for 15 years..... Guess that says it all. Our waiter was great too... Thanks Ehab!A fun little place that we passed a few times on Frenchmen street and decided on for lunch.  The Mona's sampler appetizer spread was a ton of food -- the pita was steaming when it was delivered and the falafel, grape leaves, and hummis were great.  I was almost full when the shawarma arrived, I really enjoyed it.  Service was prompt, all the tables were filled but there was no line.  Would definitely have lunch there again when in the area.  $35 for two for lunch.The food was great.  The prices were okay.  But the reason I'm giving it 3/5 stars is because of the fact that they use Styrofoam boxes for take out and delivery.  It really makes me not want to eat there, but the food is very alluring, especially since they deliver through UberEatsThe place has decent Mediterranean food. I found the portion size to be somewhat smaller than expected and the service took longer as there were too few people working when we were there (Saturday night). The plus side is that there wasn't a wait as they have many tables and a big location. Service was poor so I lowered the rating, the food is a solid 4Found this place when the Wife and I got caught eating out late on a Friday on Frenchmen St with NO reservations. I looked around and saw this spot and knew it wouldn't be what the overly hipster/southern crowd would like too eat. I was correct. 
Food and service were excellent! Eat a lot of Mediterranean back home in NY so we knew how and what to order. Authentic stuffed grape leaves (not out of a can like most places try to pass off) and Falafel made from scratch. The hummus, sauces and chicken were awesome. 
Quick story; there was a younger couple staggered in and had no idea what type of food it was. They were completely ignorant and thought it was Chinese. Their MAJOR loss.This place is a hidden gem. Friendly staff. Excellent food. Reasonably priced items. Highly reccomended.I love Mona's.
I love that I can get hot tea with mint.
I love that I can buy some Jordan Almonds to go.
I love eating lunch and/or dinner there.
If you are in New Orleans with vegetarians, Mona's is going to save you.
If you want to introduce a friend to Middle Eastern food, this is a great place to start.
Felafel, hummous, and meat are all fantastic.
Thanks, Mona's.The food is great. I frequent the Frenchman location. The best part I like is if you need a party dish they sell hummus in large tubs and pita bread by the pack in their little grocery. Perfect party food! Everybody loves it.This is yet ANOTHER place in Nola that we ended up in by chance and then left incredibly amazed and satisfied.  We had originally made our way on Frenchmen Street to go to another restaurant but when we got to that place it was totally empty so we decided to leave and find another venue.  We glimpsed at Mona's menu on their door, and since they had a handful of vegetarian options (and we both like Mediterranean food!), we decided to go in.  The service was pretty slow and it took a while for us to get menus, and then another long gap before our order was taken.  We ALMOST left to go someplace else but fortunately our server came just seconds before we got our coats on.  Thank god for that!  It was interesting how quick things turned around as soon as we placed our orders.  The food came out very fast and everything was gratifying.  I absolutely loved the dolmas, they were mouthwatering.  The baba ganush in my vegetarian platter was well-prepared, well-seasoned, and just plain yummy.  I completely cleaned my plate.  If you are looking for really good and scrumptious Mediterranean food, this place will not disappoint.We are bar hopping on Frenchmen St. and needed a quick bite..I really wanted to like this place. My husband is Middle Eastern and we love to try new places. We were at our table for 8 minutes. No one ever came to see us..just chatting it up with other co/workers. There was only one other couple there. We left, the end!Monas, I always enjoy coming here. I love how friendly the staff is, how quickly they sit you every time, I even love coming here during mardi GRAS!
It's sort of a tradition now to come and sit here during mardi gras, watching all of the crazy characters walk through the door including ourselves.  
I've never experienced roaches like some of the other reviewers and I assure if you I do I will not be returning.  ; /
Anyways, based on my experience it's a decent place to go and grab a bite for dinner!AMAZING! The best falafel you'll find outside of Bethlehem. The chicken shawarma was so we'll seasoned and juicy and tender. If I could, I'd fly the food back with me to DC. YumFast, friendly service and absolutely delicious Mediterranean food. The lamb is perfect and the meat grape leaves are the best I've had in ages.Had the Euro plate and a salad and was stuffed. It was recommended to me by a local and will definitely be returning before I leave.Ate here for lunch, had the chicken kabob and it was fabulous!  Tasted my dates lamb and it was the best I've ever had.  Our waiters name was Emmanuel, within three minutes of sitting down and talking to him we knew we were going to have great service; he was superb!  Great food and service, would recommend.I ordered the chicken shawarma tonight and had it delivered. Major food poisoning. I will never return.The food was great but the male wait staff was the worst I've ever had no personalities seem rude not happy campersComing from the Detroit area, we are spoiled with a plethora of middle eastern food choices. This place would not last anywhere within 100 miles of Detroit. 
The beef shawarma was fatty. The meat was extremely spicy. The hummus was even spicy. The desserts were even imported from Dearborn, MI. This would have to be in the bottom 2-3 of all middle eastern restaurants I have ever been to. I do not recommend.Bugs flying around everywhere. Food was not properly cooked through. Would not repeatBeware of mold!!!  
If I could give this place less than 1 Star, I would!!!!!
We used to always go to the Mona's on Carrollton, but haven't been since they closed that location.... We always loved it before, so we assumed our experience at the Frenchmen location would be just as good...
BOY!!! Were we wrong!!!!! What a mistake to eat her!!!!
Where to begin, it wasn't too busy when we came in... but busy enough for a few people to be running around.I dont remember our waitress' name.... she was blonde...friendly (when she actually came to check on us) but talking very loud and inappropriately with other coworkers, and we could hear everything that was being said!!!!! Not very professional... but  they do sit at an empty table and yap or play on their phones, so it's no fine dining establishment!
We had to wave our waitress over a few times just to get her attention. She seemed to let our order sit for awhile,because by the time we got it, it wasn't very hot. We then had to ask her for napkins,since we had none. We were going to let it all slide, until only my husband pointed out the pita chips in our soups were spotted with MOLD on them!!!!! So disgusting!!!!!
MOLD!!!!! ON OUR FOOD!!!!!!!!!
We will not be back!!!!!!!The ambiance is kind of plain and uninteresting.  It has American music and American TV on but oh well.  The food and service were great and the prices are crazy inexpensive.  Our waitress was really sweet and gave us baklava for free after we were done eating which was nice.One word: salads.  Mona's was a perfect way to get some vegetables into my husband and I in between fried fish and pork drenched green things.  It's certainly not the best Mediterranean food, but we found the vegetables fresh and plentiful.
As others have said, the service is hit or miss and generally a little slow, so go in prepared!I went there to have a cup of tea and some middle Eastern dessert, there was not alot of options and the mint and sage tea were pre made in the morning! The atmosphere was dead even the music was american! Honestly, there was not much of the middle eastren flare at all! 
I did not try the food but i dont know if what i saw would make me wana come back!Great spot for a quick lunch and some fresh Middle Eastern flavors.  With all of the hearty dining options in New Orleans, this was a great alternative.I really like this place. The only menu items that I don't like are things that I wouldn't like regardless of what restaurant served it. I always love the hummus, tabouleh, kabobs and shawarma. My absolute favorite menu items is the Lebanese Tea. Sometimes I buy a gallon of it to take home with me.Great food for the price. Coming from a Lebanese background I am very particular on Mediterranean food. Service was ok, the restaurant was pretty empty and we sat with out glasses empty for a while. Also, I think our waitress had a rough day she wasn't in the greatest of moods. Overall decent for the price I recommend for anyone on a budgetI love Mona's and this is a nice location (there are 3 of them, I think). Anyway, I had the vegetarian platter, which is a lot of food for $10. I ate the falafel,  hummus, and pita. I boxed the tabouli and baba ganoush and had that the next day. All was quite nice, especially the falafel. That was the best falafel I've had. The iced mint tea is a perfect summer drink, too.
Oh, the service was excellent as well.Excellent food. Great friendly service. The attached market has unusual ethnic foods at good prices. Love this place!this this is this is the best location with the best service and the best food. took my picky parents here and they were so blown away by the food,service,and prices. definitely an awesome cheap place to eat. and it's BYOB with no corkage feeI loved this place. I was tired of the Cajun/Creole food, so my mom and I walked around and discovered this place. The food is truly unique. I am from Washington DC, which has many Kabob places, but most are Persian or Afghan. This place is Palestinian, which is unique. I love how this place uses mint in it's humus among other things. A+++I ordered my food to go. They were VERY slow. Then the host skipped over me to help someone else as if my order wasn't as important. Very unorganized and inconsiderate...I will never come back.This is the original Mona's and still the best.  A big fire gutted it good a few years ago, and since then Mona's has opened a bunch of new stores that are all decent bit somehow not as delectable as the first one. Nice Mediterranean market attached, with a larger selection than at other shops.  Freshest pita in the city.Mona's has updated their menu adding one of my favorite dishes, the lamb shank. Tender lamb shank braised with veggies served with a side and salad. The dish is all I will order from there from now on and its served with steaming hot pita bread all for $12, its a great deal. As always great service and a Lebanese tea.Lebanese tea is the way to go here. The food is tasty, portions are large. I usually go with a shwarma or gyro plate. If you finish it you will be stuuuffed. I especially like this location more than the others because of the private booths.I have been on a serious Middle Eastern food kick lately and when I told a friend of mine I had never been to Mona's, he insisted that I check it out.
We stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was empty except for just a few couples. I always have to get the hummus, so we started with some of that and we also got some fried kibby. I had no idea what kibby was, but apparently it's a meat pie type thing served with a type of sour cream sauce. Both the hummus and the kibby were great and the flat bread was plentiful.
For my entree I got the beef schwarma which came with a salad and more hummus (I really can't get enough). The beef schwarma was perfect, moist and tasty. I chose the beef mainly because the chicken tends to be dry at some places, but I might try the chicken next time after reading the favorable reviews. The salad was simple but nice and the hummus went perfectly with everything. I do wish that rice came with the dish, but that's just a preference. 
Mona's was fantastic and I would definitely return to satiate another Middle Eastern food craving.Mona's is awesome.  We go there a lot because I live down the street.  The service isn't always the best but we BYOB and don't mind if it's a little slow - the food more than makes up for it!  I LOVE the falafel and usually get a chicken dish.  The kabobs are better than the swarma but it depends on what you like I guess!!!  When a lot of places are hit or miss these days, you can always depend on Mona's for a great meal!Have to say the Gyro plate was very good and the place is very nice. Perfect portion.  Wonderful lunch spot. Parking is hit or miss.  I had a wonderful rookie experience.  Will have to come back again and try the schwarma.Mmm ,i love me some mona's.I have been going there for at least 10 yrs.I was unsatisfied only once and they took care of it no problem! The attached store is pretty cool too.Falafel plates,and hummus are delicious.Service is good ,friendly staff.Mona's Cafe on banks with its comfy atmosphere and quaint grocery has been one of my favorite restaurants in the new Orleans area for years and is by far the best Mediterranean food around. 
Mona's boasts a traditional and uncomplicated menu with a wide variety of fantastic dishes ranging from the light and crispy falafel to the succulent gyro and lamb. They have amazing hummus, smoked baba ganoush, and crispy fried halloumi that are always sure to fill me up. 
The wait staff is friendly and attentive constantly checking up on guests and providing top notch customer service even when incredibly busy. 
By far the best part about Mona's Cafe is its incredible value. There are not many places in New Orleans where two can eat an amazing dinner with appetizers, desserts, drinks, and leave with a bag full of groceries for less than it costs for a bottle of aged wine.I was in town for a wedding and visited this location for dinner. My appetizers were Hummus w/ meat, grape leaves and falafel (I was with a party of about 12-15 ppl), and our main dish was several plates of mixed grill (lamb, chicken, kefta and beef kabobs) with mixed sides (rice and salads) usually served for larger groups for sharing. The appetizers are amazing, as close as you can get to home cooking very authentic middle eastern cooking and the grape leaves our better than my mother's amazing cooking. Fresh hot bread which makes you eat even when you believe you have topped off to the max. I'm middle eastern myself and to like a restaurant takes a lot as its a typical home cooked meal. Food was good enough that I had breakfast on my last day in town, with some hot tea with mint. Service was good and timely considering a large group for both visits, while it seemed to be attending to its regular crowd on a weekend. Definitely a place to revisit and recommend to others. Thank you Mona's Cafe.The lamb meat is so fatty and not as good as Lebanons. Maybe I had a bad chef that day but man it was not chewable.Food is fresh and delicious and they give you a lot of it. Get the lebanese iced tea.Great food and service. I've lived in the Middle East and I can say this is just as good.I LOVE LOVE LOVE Mona's!!! I have been to 3 of their locations - their Hummus is AWESOME - & I also love love love their Lamb shish kabobs Oh My gosh!!! soooo good!!! & even though it is quite simple I LOVE their salad too!! refreshing!!!!Nice little spot. The lamb was so delicious as well as the humus. Decor is cute little middle eastern Mediterranean vibe. It's very consistently good. The warm pitas made me very happy too. 
Try the mint iced tea for something different.I am never impressed. I've tried the beef shawarma and the gyro. Both are so-so at best. The pita is frequently staleI've been eating here since I moved to Nola four years ago but only recently has it become one of my favorite places because of one thing: service. I was used to being treated poorly as a customer but I loved the food so I would do take out. But the last few months I've received stellar service. I don't know who she is, but there is one female server who has seriously raised the bar. She waits tables around the other people who work there. 
When you go, order: Lebanese tea, falafel bites as an app, and the lamb kabob plate that comes with a refreshing Greek salad and hummus. Enough to take home for another meal!I've been coming for years and they never disappoint. It is so delicious! I love the Lula Kebab and their falafels are delicious.I come from a Middle Eastern background, so I tend to be a little choosier with this cuisine. Mona's was recommended to us by our host, and I was not disappointed. 
The restaurant had the typical decor of a Middle Eastern Eastern restaurant. If it's your first time seeing crazy murals and fake plants, you should know this is a sign you're in an authentic spot. 
We ordered many things to share: grape leaves, hummus, kabobs, salad and hummus platters. Everything was fresh and tasty. I generally judge a Middle Eastern restaurant by the lamb they serve, and their's wasn't bad at all!
If I lived in the area, I would frequent Mona's. I would recommend highly!I've only been in N.O. for a few weeks and I've been to this place twice looking for my go-to Gyro place.  This is not it.  
When you walk in, the inside feels cozy, if not somewhat cheesy with hand-painted murals across the room.  There are booths on one side and tables on another as well as outside if you are interested.  You may be confused as to whether you should find a seat or be seated, and that seems normal.  
Service is reasonable, but probably because this place doesn't ever seem crowded.  Our waters were tended to, but my g/f's pita bread was late five minutes on one occasion until the waitress looked over and remembered.  
Mona's seems to me to be a generally themed middle-eastern restaurant, though I have no clue as to what part of the mid-east that is and I don't think they do either.  The first time I came here I got the gyro platter ($10), and the second time I got a single gyro ($4).  The gyro platter is appetizing enough; meat is hot and cooked well, hummus, fresh lettuce, and a bit of tahini sauce.  It sort of works like a fajita gyro.  The meat was good, lettuce was fresh, hummus was fine if not somewhat out of place, but the tahini sauce, although interesting, failed to take the place of tzatziki.  Tzatziki is like the perfect counterpoint to the savoriness of gyro meat, and tahini just seems like a poor bitter substitute to me.  And I didn't even get any tahini sauce with my single gyro order on my second visit.  Of course, I don't know if this is normal in mid-eastern cooking, but to me, it just wasn't as good.  
Of the other items on the menu some proved worthy and others just odd.  I've never really liked grape leaves, but I tried some of my g/f's and they were quite delicious.  Their hummus is pretty good.  I ordered fried kibby ($4.59) as an appetizer.  It's some sort of wheat/ground beef crust stuffed with ground lamb and pinenuts.  Sounded good, but I tasted more salt and bland meat than anything else.  
If I go back, I'll probably try the meat grape leaves, or just order the vegetarian ones.  Their lamb chops look good but expensive ($15).  Their prices on most of their menu are good, which is somewhat redeeming.  I wish this was my gyro-spot, but it's not.
1 star for unimpressive but filling, cheap food.
1 star for decent service and having a deli with pretty fresh pita bread and an assortment of middle-eastern kietsch.Trust me! I know arabic food. This restaurant is really good and i do recommend that you try it.Had a decent Sunday lunch of, halloumi, hummus, & lamb shish kebabs. 
The hummus here has to be the silkiest smoothest I've ever had. I could come here just to eat hummus and pita bread.
The halloumi (I feel) was over fried. I think it may of even been put in a deep fryer?? To clarify it is called fried cheese on the menu. 
The lamb shish kebab plate was also good. Some pieces of lamb were slightly tough yet others were melt in your mouth. 
The sugar coated almonds are a nice touch at the end of your meal.
I went into the deli to buy some halloumi after lunch (I am reeling that you can't buy halloumi in the grocery stores in New Orleans - weird!). It has some interesting and hard to find products. Real turkish delight, good olives, huge selection of teas. 
Easy and relaxed dining experience.Great service! Food came super fast and the prices are fair. Does not serve hookah. Would recommend the lamb and hummus. Beware if you have a tree nut allergy!Seriously great spot... The food was delicious and the girls were really friendly.. Service was on par. A++Had the catfish plate and was not disappointed.  Lebanese tea is also very good.  Hot homemade pita Nice spot would definitely come back.Typical good Mediterranean food.  Hummus, babghanouj, and tehini as well as delicious chicken/lamb schwarma.Having a meal at Mona's Cafe on Banks Street is like taking a mini-vacation to the Middle East. 
The Gyro Plate with Tabouli Salad is a taste treat with the traditional Middle Eastern Cuisine spices. The entree plate is served with warm soft pita bread made on-site.  
Both wheat and white pita are available. You just have to make your request which kind you would like with your meal.
I have to mention the Lebanese Tea---delicious---with pine nuts and Rose Water. The best in the city. 
Top the meal off with a Demitasse of rich thick Turkish Coffee and sticky sweet Baklava.
Dining at Mona's is always a pleasant experience because the wait staff is attentive and there is always a nice diverse clientele.
If you hadn't had enough of an adventure in the restaurant, there is a Mona's Middle Eastern Market right next door, located in an attached building. That is where you can pick up a pack of their house made Pita Bread or get some Turkish Coffee freshly ground with exactly how much Cardamon you would like. There is a huge selection of spices, condiments, pastries, sauces, oils, beverages, cook wear, need I go on?  If it is Mediterranean, they have it!
When you are ready for a great experience, visit Mona's Cafe Middle Eastern Market.My husband and I stopped here for a little bit of a later dinner.  It was about an hour before the posted closing time, but the waitress/hostess had to ask the kitchen if we could still order food.  We debated leaving, but were tired and hungry, so went ahead and ordered once the "ok" was given.  The food arrived quickly, and was extremely tasty.  The food was so good in fact, that I would have given it 4 stars had we not felt like we were being a nuisance by choosing to eat there.  Hopefully this was just an off night, because the food really was yummy.My favorite place to grab dinner on my way home.  Great food and great prices.  Hummus is great and I love the falafel sandwich.  Make sure you try the Lebanese tea.The food here is consistently good! The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Ivanna was our server and she is very pleasant. Food came our pretty quickly and delicious as usual. It seems the food just taste better at this location; not sure why but it just does. Ordered Baklava for dessert and they warmed it up for me and gave me an extra piece! Thanks Mona's for a delightful & delicious dinner!Quite possibly the best Mediterranean place i've been to. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Gyro platter, or anything there for that matter. The place is nice, the staff is nice, the store attached is also quite a convenience.
I'm lucky to live so close to a jewel such as Mona's and for the price, what you get is outstanding. I think it's safe to say that Mona's has taken away any thoughts i might have of visiting another Mediterranean restaurant in the city. If anyone else has a stronger suggestion, please point me towards what would have to be the #1 spot because i'm finding it difficult to believe there's much better out there. 
To say i'll be back is an understatement, can i buy stock, please?I love this place.  It's usually pretty quiet in the evenings so it's a great place to bring a book or your computer (free wifi).  The outside patio is a nice place to chill with friends.  The appetizers are all delicious and the servers are great.I have to be honest, I'm not a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine.  But, also, probably have never really had the really good stuff, so the speak.  Mona's is an easy way to step into a new style of cuisine.  In past reviews, I've mentioned that I'm gluten free.  So bonus points to Mona's for having options available to me other than just salad!.  
As far as the actual food goes, my meats have always been perfectly cooked.  And, this is the first place where I've ever actually enjoyed humis.  
I like the casual atmosphere, lots of boothes, dunno i just seem to be fond of booths heh.
Been to this location about 6 times food and service was always up to par.  Just not my favorite type of food.  
Only drawback is parking during lunch or busy dinners times.  There's a tiny bit of off st. parking but you're not liking to get one of those spaces!Mona's is my favorite of the Middle Eastern restaurants in town or as I call them -"the hummus restaurants." Like Tex-Mex, there is one menu that appears in all of these restaurants, but some do it better than others. Mona's is my go-to place, especially the one on Banks St which I think is the original. Today for lunch I had the gyro/chicken shwarma combo plate which includes a nice sized and tasting salad and hummus along with some pita. It was a bargain at $13.99. You can't go wrong here.I love taking first-timers here because I am always praised for my restaurant selection. I especially love eating here in the summer because their refreshing iced teas, cool tziki, hummus, babaganoush and tabouli just hit the spot! 
They have the best falafel and the best gyro meat I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Probably the best hummus as well! Love the little Jordan almonds they give you at the end of the meal. A very consistent establishment!Ordered the lebna and gyro meat salad to go for lunch.  The lebna was smooth and creamy with plenty of pita but I suppose I prefer a bit more sumac.  The disappointment was the salad, however.  Not much meat, which was sad because the meat was crunchy and flavorful.  The dressing just tasted a bit off, like it was sitting a bit too long, and just wasn't up to par with other places I've eaten in the city.  My tomatoes were also very mealy and looked very anemic.  Just not up to par with some of my other favorites.As far as Mediterranean goes in New Orleans, I think Mona's is only OK. This particular location has a grocery attached to it, which is nice for hard to find items, but I have found the service to be hit or miss. The food consistently hits the spot if you are craving something, but never really wows.Tonight the staff seemed a bit overtaxed, but they were still pleasant and did they best the could to get to us quickly to take our order and drink refills.
Always upgrade your tea to Lebanese Ice tea.  The rose water and pine nuts are just a treat.  My family always orders the Gyro plate that comes with a fabulous house salad and hummus. It is enough for the 3 of us to share (two adults and an 8 year old.)  We added a chicken shwarma salad as well and just a crisp and fresh.  Love that they used creole' tomatoes (local) as part of their salads.  We began with Kibby that were cooked to perfection.  (sometimes these are hit or miss, but perfect tonight)
All of this for $32.00 was a bargin.  And I have chicken shwarma salad for lunch tomorrow as well.  They sent me home with a little extra salad dressing.  We will be back again soon.Every time I travel to New Orleans , LA  
I love to go to Monas Cafe to eat there
The food is great and the service is the
Best in townTheir lentil soup is amazing!!!! This is all I used to order for lunch Monday though Friday! 
Their felafel isn't all that bad either.
The one on magazine is A LOT better tasting though!Delicious food! The delivery guy was great, I accidentally put the wrong address and he called and very nicely brought it to the right house. Sounds like a small thing but in life it really is the little things. Overall great experience and did I mention the food? Delicious!!!I must admit my admiration for this place has diminished since I have had Lebanon. I stopped here with a friend and the gyro plate is nowhere near as good as what I remember. It appears to me the prices have increased and the quality of the gyro has gone down because the plate I had was one big greasy mess. The hummus and other dips are still good but the meats dont compare at all to Lebanon in quality. If I am going to pay this kind of money it will be at Lebanon.I have never had a bad experience at monas in the 10 plus yrs I've been eating there.I Love the hummus,and the falafel plate delicious.Service is always great.Meh. I'd give it 2.5 stars.
The lebna was odd but grew on me. The falafels were nowhere as good as the Frenchman location. The combo plate was pretty darned bland. 
Our waitress was fine. 
BUt I left the experience just so underwhelmed. Will go back to Pyramids instead.I love coming here to get a falafel sandwich or even lentil soup here and there. Really really friendly staff too. I would like more vegan options but it's ok as is :) I also love the middle eastern scenic art inside! It's so beautiful! Also love that they were willing to put carrots in my falafel sandwich!I was a loyal patron of the Mona's in Lafayette before it closed & was sad to see it go.  I am so glad to be living in a city that has a Mona's again, but moreso, I'm excited that there are so many!  With that said, I'm reserving my 5-star rating for the Mona's on Magazine, although this location is fabulous.  It's just that the Chicken Shawarma at M on M is such a game-changer that everything else (even a different chain's same dish) pales in comparison.  
Thanks to Mona's, I can say that Chicken Shawarma can be a juicy, delicious dish & I actually love it.  Everywhere else but this chain serves dry chicken in its Shawarma entree.
So far, I have only had the Lebanese Tea, Halloumi (a/k/a angelic, pan-fried cheese) & Chicken Shawarma at this location.  All were tasty & reasonably priced.  Service was on the ball, even at lunchtime.  
It's so close to work, I know I'll be back!I typically eat here every Monday for a meeting. This is the only place in the world that I order the same thing every time. I'm all about variety and new culinary leaps; how we when it comes to a Monday lunch meeting, nothing screams a Monday like ordering the same dish from your neighborhood restaurant. 
I order the HOT mint tea and a Greek salad with gyro meat and feta on top. Great 0 Carb lunch (unless I hit the pita from the hummus appetizer we get when we walk in)
Staff knows my order, very friendly, and extremely fast.I have been enjoying Middle Eastern cuisine for several years now and Mona's on Banks is one of my favorite places in New Orleans.  Prior to Yelping about this place, I had already eaten here at least a dozen times and have always had good food accompanied by good service.
To enter the restaurant, you walk through an outdoor patio that has a half a dozen or so tables.  However, I wouldn't recommend eating there during the summer months, as it's still hot well past 8:00 pm.  The inside of the restaurant is decorated with murals and there is actually a fountain in the middle of the restaurant with a fake stone arch over it.  Some may say the decor is a little cheesy, but I think it works just fine.  Aside from the covered patio seating, there are tables and booths.  I prefer the booths as they offer a litlle more privacy, and are all situated on one side of the dining room.
I have only tried a few of the appetizers as I usually end up ordering the hummus.  Mona's probably has the best hummus I have ever had, hands down.  I have also had the baba ghanoush and the stuffed grape leaves.  If you've had hummus before, opt for the stuffed grape leaves with meat.  The spinach pie appetizer is not too shabby either, albeit a little small.  If you like cheese, try the fried halloumi, which is a pungent cheese that is flash fried. (Don't let the word pungent scare you; it's just very flavorful)
As far as entrees are concerned, I've had plenty, to include the gyro plate, the gyro sandwich, the chicken schwarma, the beef kabob, the lamb kabob, and the lula kabob.  All are equally good.  If you like lamb, I'd definitely get the hummus with lamb plate.  It's simply a huge portion of hummus which is surrounded by boneless cuts of lamb.  Talk about good!
For dessert, the baklava is good, and it's saturated with honey.  However, if you want to try something a little different go with the nammura.  The nammura is actually a dessert made out of semolina.  Don't think pasta here because there is no resemblance at all.  It's a pie shaped dessert made from semolina, almonds, rosewater and honey; and it's "the bomb".  Perhaps I shouldn't be saying the "bomb" word here :-)   JK
To summarize, the hostess seats you quickly, the wait staff is average to slightly above average, the food is prepared quickly, the quality of the food is excellent and the prices are very affordable.  I almost forgot to mention the refreshing mint iced tea. As a treat,  you also get some jordan almonds with your bill.
The only thing that keeps this place from getting 5 stars is the limited parking.  At night, this can be a sketchy neighborhood, so I'd park close to the door.Very good food. The service was nice and quick. All around a good experience every time I go there. It's also my favorite location to eat mona's.Consistently great. Food is wonderful as well as service. I like it so much I don't mind bringing my own wine.My 2nd favorite Mona's (next to the Frenchmen location.)Delicious gyro plate. The meat was perfect and full of taste. Love their falafel and humus as well! Every time I go, I must get the Lebanese tea. They also have outside seating, so on nice days you can sit outside! Not too many places in New Orleans have that.Great Mediterranean food, especially for the price.  Don't miss the humus and the fresh pita.  I'm a big fan of the chicken shawarma and the falafel.  You can bring your own beer or wine and they don't charge a corkage fee.  On nice days, the patio seating is great, but inside, the atmosphere is pretty bland.The food was good as it usually is, but the order was charged for and not received when we got there. The disappointing part was that they acted as if they didn't care. We waited another 25 mins for the order with not even an apology?I branched out to broaden my horizon today and had lunch at Mona's Cafe & Deli in Mid City.  I had a Middle Eastern luncheon special that included a Greek Salad, gyro and roasted chicken shawarma with humus, tanini sauce, extra virgin olive oil, whole wheat pita bread, pepper sauce and Lebanese Iced Tea.  The chicken shawarma was a bit unnerving because of its yellowish tint, but it tasted great.  There were some unfamiliar spices involved, but the meal was palatable and filling.  The Lebanese Iced Tea was the most unusual because though the taste was delicious and refreshing, the smell of the rose water that was used to blend the drink, somehow had me thinking I was drinking perfume.I accidentally placed the wrong order thru Uber Eats and wanted to cancel the order and reorder with the correct items. I immediately called Uber Eats to have them cancel the order. They called Mona's and they said they couldn't cancel the order because they had already started making it. A grand total of 1 minute had passed and I have a very hard time believing they had even looked at the order much less started it. I will never eat at this restaurant again.I was craving a gyro and Mona's came up and just 3 minutes from my job. Came by during my lunch break (1pm on a Saturday). The place wasn't too busy. I ordered and had my food in less than 10 minutes. I ordered a gyro and fries. The gyro was great! Next time I will ask for extra sauce. I'm a sauce girl and there just wasn't as much as I would prefer. The fries were normal and served hot which is great because I hate cold fries. They also added ketchup, napkins, and plastic ware without asking. I will be back.This is the restaurant have been excellent since they opened back 24 years ago and never left unsatisfiedBest middle-eastern food in NOLA no questions asked. The vegetarian platter is good value.This is the best fast food that's not fast food.  For $5-ish you can get a delicious falafel pita wrap for takeout in no more than 10 minutes.  I find it just the right amount of food! 
This is also a nice spot to sit down for dinner or lunch. The staff is always friendly.  The lebna is a solid choice as well the chicken shawarma. Restaurant is BYO. 
This review stands for the other Mona's locations around town. All have solid service and food!i don't understand why this place has gotten such poor ratings. i've eaten here a couple of times and have never had a problem with the service or the quality of my food. everything has been perfectly cooked.  varied textures yield a consistently delightful meal...creamy hummus, crunchy salad, and tender gyros ftw.
cost of a meal isn't dirt cheap, but the benefit is that you can eat off it a second time if you ask for a to-go container.
bonus: huge outdoor patio with plenty of seating.I went to Mona's on Banks Street with a friend on April 13, 2017 and we both ordered the half and half with chicken and beef and our food was great. I decided to go back for a repeat of my great meal alone two days later on Saturday April 15, 2017 and I was so disappointed with my half and half chicken and beef. I placed my order at the same time another table placed their order however my meal was literally brought out in the matter of 3-4 minutes and my pita bread was cold and stale so I asked for some fresh pita bread and once I started eating my meal I could tell my plate was not prepared fresh because I found the chicken and beef tasted like it had been sitting around the kitchen for awhile because the chicken and beef was not even hot or fresh tasting at all. I now realize my plate was not cooked to order because about 15 minutes after my meal came out cold and really lousy one of the people who ordered one of the same plates I ordered their order came out looking hot and fresh when it was brought to their table. I didn't want to complain in front of the other people eating at that table next to me so I went up to the cash register and I asked to see the manager however I was told I needed to go in the grocery store attached to Mona's so instead I just told a waitress about how lousy my meal tasted and how it was cold and it wasn't cooked fresh. I don't know for sure if Mona's had a different cook on Saturday but if so Mona's definitely needs to fire that cook and give the cook who cooked my meal two days earlier on Thursday a raise because now I have no intention of every going back again and I will tell all my friends how disappointed  I am with the lack of consistently with the food prepared at Mona's. There are way too many excellent restaurants in New Orleans to eat at to have to waste your time and money eating at Mona's because apparently they know nothing about being consistent with the quality of food they serve. BEWARE MONA's CAFE CAN BE SO GOOD ON ONE VISIT THEN ON YOUR NEXT VISIT THEIR FOOD CAN BE SO DISAPPOINTING AND DOWN RIGHT LOUSY AND A BIG WASTE OF YOUR MONEY!!I am biased cuz I am a sucker for Lebanese food.  I just cant ever get enough gyro (even though I still am not confident on how to actually pronounce it).  
You can sit outside at Mona's which earns it points in my book.  It is covered so you can sit outside in the rain too.  I love to sit outside and actually have never sat inside there.  
The staff is nice and attentive and the food was prompt. No alcohol but that is ok.  
I really liked my gyro plate.  I always say thanks but no thanks to the salad because "you dont make friends with salad".  I get it with rice.  From there i take the pita and make gyro tacos with humus, rice and lamb.  Fantastic.  I am sure that way of eating it is wrong and potentially culturally insensitive but I love it.  (I love your countries food but I am going to eat it like mexican)
My lady got the veggie grape leaves plate and she really liked it.  We go every couple months and I am sure we wouldnt if she didnt like her food as much as I liked mine.
I am not a Lebanese food aficionado though so I cant say it is the best in the world. All I know is I like it a lot.   (That being said I like Lebanon's on Carrollton more)The best thing you gotta love about monas is their variety of vegetarian options! It's always fresh and colorful! The service was fast and professional! Great restaurant, excellent food.Best Lebanese tea around. I normally get the half and half and you get to choose your two meats. There are only two restaurants in New Orleans that have good hummus. This place is one of them. You can also replace the hummus with baba ghanoush, which is also equally good. The food is great. Portions over price is very fair. Service is so so. When I first started eating here, the service was extremely slow. Now, they have seemed to pick up the place a lot better.I agree with reviewer Dana-il, the hummus is good - and I don't even like hummus that much. I won't say it's the best I've had, but what do I know? Martha Stewart's version with no tahini is my personal fave. That's crazy and perhaps some sort of blasphemery, I know. The baba ganoush was really tasty, though, and I usually never like that stuff. The falafel was tasty but terribly greasy.
The Lebanese tea with pine nuts is a curious drink but really satisfying. If the service had been better, my friend would've ordered a second tall one. The service was BAD! We were told to seat ourselves when we walked in, but then no one came to our table for 15 minutes - no drinks, no menus, no nothin. We had to get up and steal some takeout menus from the front counter. It was a slow Wednesday night, so there's just no excuse for that.Love, love, LOVE their chicken kebab, in a sandwich or on the platter with salad and hummus. I've had their lamb kebab, too, and it was also excellent. The baba ganoush was nothing to write home about, but the baklava was yummy. Service is efficient, dining room is spotless, and the tented booths give the impression that you're the only one there.I had first ordered one of their appetizers. 
The fried cheese is very light and tasty. I wish that it was a bigger sized portion though. It was maybe six pieces altogether. I had the chicken shawarma as my entree. The chicken had a great flavor to it. The pieces of chicken were in chunks instead of a sliced chicken. It was served with hummus, pita bread and a salad. The hummus was creamy and delicious. I could have licked my plate. You can choose between white or wheat pita bread. The salad was fresh. The dressing wasn't creamy but oil based. It was good. I wished that rice was served with the dish, but it wasn't. For me the food was average.Nice little store. Good spice selection. Watch out for prices though. They haven't been updated in awhile, but when the register rings stuff up at a higher price the blond guy at the register just shrugs and says "you want it, or not?"  That $5 markup just likely list them a long time customer, at least until I want something unusual fast. I'll start buying my other staples elsewhere.The servers are a little disorganized, but who cares? Best lebanese tea ever, good food- love the falafels and hummus. Tabouli salad is excellent, as well as the fried cheese. They have a great little market that we frequent all the time, and the owner is a sweetheart. He's gotten to know these new MId-City faces and treats us like we're old buddies. Will continue to frequent!Despite the atmosphere, Mona's is a place you can count on for authentic mediterranean food. Each time I've tried it I've grown to like it a little more than the previous. The shawarma's are bomb and I love their tzatziki. Other things to try are the hummus of course, fried kibby, and the meat pies. Also there lebanese tea makes me wanna slap somebody. I think they put crack in it. 
My only issue with them is there portion sizes SUCK for your buck and the inside of their restaurant (the Banks location) is so depressing and dreary inside. I want to nominate them to be on one of those shows to have their restaurant torn down and remodeled. 
Anywho, give this place a go. There one of the better mediterranean places in the city.My favorite thing about Mona's is the grocery next to the restaurant. I mean don't get me wrong, the food is good...just not out of this world good.
 My hubby and I went last weekend for a quick lunch. He got the dolmathes plate (which he says didn't hold a flame to mine, but I'm sure he was just being sweet) with babaghanoush and I got the falafel sandwich. Everything was just fine, especially the ability to sit outside on their  simple little patio. 
After lunch I went over to the grocery to get some feta, olive oil and chocolate. This is the only place in the city I know that caries imported from Greece, sheep's milk feta (most feta at the grocery is made from cow's milk and isn't nearly as creamy) and my very favorite ION chocolate bars. So if you are looking for a nice little lunch spot and a great place to get your Greek (and imported) grocery items head over to Mona's and pretend you are in the Mediterranean.This area brings for some interesting people watching (especially if you sit outside). However, the food is excellent. I am usually not a fan of baba ganoush but I devour it at this place. I think because it has this awesome smokey flavor to it that makes it so good. Also, the Lebanese tea is a lot more floral to the taste unlike other Lebanese teas I've had that mostly taste like lemonade with some pine nuts added to it. You can really taste the rose water in it. The appetizer platter for 2 is my favorite. Me and my boyfriend split it all the time and its a good amount of food for 2 people. Usually I'll get a gyro on the side just for a little extra something but the gyro and the platter is plenty of food for 2 people. It's BYOB here and there are no stores nearby to get a drink at so make sure you bring a bottle of wine if you so desire. They will open the wine and provide glasses for you if you do. Also, the food is very reasonably priced.OK I really wanted to rank this place as a 3.7 but wasn't swayed enough to give it a four.
First let me say that the service was good and have no complaints. At one point the waitress took a little long to refill my iced tea, without me asking she explained that they were making another brew which indicated that she was on the ball.
We ordered falafel as appetizer, I ordered a shish kabob sandwich and my coworker ordered the same but the platter.  My sandwich was VERY skimpy and the meat on the shish kabob platter was very greasy as if they sautéed it instead just cutting of a gyro. Not a huge deal to cry about but noted.
If you've never Arabic food I think you'd be impressed as I was when I came here back in 1998.
Overall I think this place is very good but if the day comes were corner sidewalk Arabic food sets up shop like in NYC, these guys are in big trouble. As many would like to argue, New Orleans isn't an international city, so the competition for international fair isn't cut throat; not just Mediterranean food but Latin, Thai, etc. A place like this can get by with being "ok". (People travel to New Orleans for Cajun and Creole food)
Just sayin'.Cheap and cheerless seems to be the consensus at this place, but my experience was not so. We had a very fast and cheery waitress...
The food? Fresh, but not as tasty as Lebanon Cafe's. Is it convenient? Yes, it is. 
And that, friends, is the selling point.I may be biased, but I absolutely love Mona's. I have been eating there for at least 10 years and, maybe it is because it was my first exposure to Lebanese food, but it is one of my favorite places for this cuisine. I get the same thing every time- chicken shawarma with hummus and rice. I love their hummus, but I don't necessarily think it is the best in the world. Their rice is super-yummy though!! The chicken is usually good, but on occasion I will get a weird-tasting fatty piece. It is a little pricey and the atmosphere is minimalistic at best, but everyone is usually friendly and there is a nice outdoor patio area where you can sit and relax with your yumminess.There are several Mona's Cafes in NOLA.  I've frequented this one on Magazine for the past year.  I'm addicted to their Shawarma platter.  The salad is delicious and so is there hummus.  I've ordered take out a dozen times and never had a problem, however, the one time I chose to dine in their service was terrible.  Not sure if it was just a bad night, but it has been  only takeout for me after that experience.I'm giving this place a 5 based on the hookahs which are the best in the city right now.  They are afforable (like $12) and the flavors are just that...flavors!  This is one of the first times that I didn't have to have wine in my hookah to truly taste all of the flavor.  I tried the orange and it was really good.  I will definitely be back.  For the food, I'd give it a 4 solely because of the lamb.  I had the lamb schwama and the spinach pie.  The spinach pie was delicious.  I kept coming across pieces of fat with the lamb that I couldn't really enjoy it. Will definitely be back for more hookah nights!  I went around 8 pm on a Saturday and it was pretty quiet until a group of young loud students came. :(  BYOB also!  Definitely courteous waitstaff also.Great chill spot.. 
Standard Mediterranean food - good but not great - Byblos on Magazine is better. The Hookahs and patio are what makes the place worthwhile. Overall a solid bet.This place is basically ok. The atmosphere is just average the food is above average and the hookah is terrible and i know good hookah. It starts to burn out quickly so you can taste the molasses of the tobacco wet
On your tongue. Also the hookah pipe was rusted and grimy. It was probably the worst hookah i have had.Great great food... However if you came in initially for the 5% off?  THEY WILL NOT HONOR IT.  The server "skye b" was polite but said her manager said no they do not know how that was on yelp.  They have a yelp sticker on the door though... Maybe they need to fix that?  
It seems they are riding the coattails of the better place just down the street "Shaya"... (make a reservation there... It's amazing and in demand) 
I would have given 3 1/2 to four stars if it wasn't for the discount mixup that got me into the place to begin with.Great hummus and charming atmosphere! The service is fast and wait staff is very friendly. Will definitely visit again.Mona's Cafe is a very casual eatery with decent sized portions for the price. We started off our meal with the same appetizers we had ordered the day before at Lebanon's Cafe - zatar and halloumi. While both dishes were excellent, Lebonan's Cafe's zatar beat out Mona's by a small margin due to better seasoning and a nice yogurt dip that accompanied the dish, but Mona's definitely won on the halloumi front. Halloumi is a a fried sheep's cheese and is served piping hot at Mona's. I'm not sure what they added to it, but whatever it was it was excellent.
     My main meal was the combination kebab platter. The platter comes with three kinds of meat, salad, hummus, and pita. The chicken was the standout meat of the dish to me - it was nicely seasoned and juicy. The hummus was clearly homemade and had just the right amount of lemon blended into it. I would definitely recommend Mona's as a casual lunch or diner spot to satisfy your kebab or hummus cravings.Worst place ever for hookah. Had double apple flavored hookah. It was like there was no flavor at all. There was only smoke and the service was horrible. It took forever for everything. Don't visit the place ever. Not recommended at all.What a gem on Frenchman St. this place is. Had grown tired of Cajun fare & decided to give this place a try. The food was excellent---tasty grilled meats & hummus. Got salad & a combination plate--generous servings. Their lime, cilantro, garlic sauce rocks. Liked it so much we bought a container. Staff all friendly & professional.Red lentil soup? Yes, please! I don't lie--always get
The baba ganouch. It's not as busy as the one on Frenchman but the food seems to be the same.Stopped in while strolling down magazine. My friend had been and said it was delicious so we gave it a try. We were the only ones in there around 12:15pm on a Friday for lunch. Made me question it however...the food was awesome! 
I asked the server the most popular dish and she said the half and half entree where you can choose between chicken or beef shawarma or lamb. It comes with a great salad with cucumbers and tomatoes with balsamic, fresh homemade hummus with EVOO in the middle and white or wheat pita. I got lamb and chicken and both were tender and perfectly seasoned. I used the pita pockets and stuffed them with the salad, hummus, and meat...it was lovely! The portion sizes are huge too! You won't leave hungry!Absolutely wonderful gyro plates and chicken shwarma. Need to get a liqueur license. Some wine would have been perfect.Mona's was good, but, for me, not the best I've had in the immediate area. To be fair, I did have it delivered, so it was lukewarm at best when it arrived. Still, nothing was bad...just not as yummy as I wanted it to be. Skip the meat pie. The salad was very good! The lamb, serviceable and the hummus, was fine. I would recommend Mona's to a friend if the important factors were inexpensive and adequate fair.Completely underwhelmed by atmosphere, very generic food, and lazy wait staff. 
Spend the extra couple bucks and walk two blocks to Lebannon.My favorite spot for middle eastern food. This is also a great location uptown. They also have hookah! The service is excellent and the food is always fresh. I love their hummus! So yummy. They are also open til midnight most nights. I usually like going here when the weather is nice... There's outdoor seating to enjoy the weather and a nice hookah with a friend or so..Had lunch here today and it was amazing. I had the combo plate with beef shwarma and gyro along with a side of the mushaba. The food was absolutely delicious and perfect. The prices are surprisingly low for such great quality. My server was very nice and cheery which definitely added to my experience. I think my only real disappointment is that I thought the mushaba would be spicier from reading the menu description, but it tasted pretty close to regular hummus. I would recommend eating here.My brother was in town visiting so we wanted to find a place that had vegan food. The waitress was very friendly and attentive.  Sadly the cook had something up his butt this day because he refused to add rice to a falafel. I will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone. Sad sad sad.This branch of Mona's has a nice patio area for eating outside.  Other than that, it's not much different from the other Mona's. The service here is not as offensive as the one on magazine, but I still wouldn't call it good. You can get pretty good food for a decent price.  
SECRET TIP- if you get the hummus for an appetizer, they will usually keep bringing you out bread until the hummus is gone.  You can fill up more if you ration the hummus a little!  Yes, fatties, rejoice..
SUPER SECRET TIP:  Turns out you can get a pint of hummus for only two bucks more than the side of hummus.  They look at you like you are a fatty if you order it (yes, even if you are with a group!), but it's totally worth the emotional wounds.  It comes in a to-go bucket so you can save what you don't eat for later.It's funky, it's real New Orleans - this particular location has a ground floor patio that is right on the sidewalk.  There are a few stray cats hanging around outside.  Inside isn't too impressive - a bit shabby and worn - but the food is always amazing and doesn't fail to impress.  Mona's makes the BEST falafel in the world - nice big round balls that are crispy and brown on the outside, light in color and texture on the inside, and perfectly delicious, perfectly spiced and perfectly cooked.  They have fantastic Lebanese iced tea (that's strong assam sweet tea with rose water and pinenuts), very good dolmas (served warm) and good tabouli.  I'm making myself hungry just thinking about it!The food here is top notch here. Great Greek and Lebanese but with your new app, you have lost my business. It won't allow me to place an order and apparently, there's no way to order by phone anymore.O My Gosh!!! This Place is dirty, it smells like old mop water...I ordered the Chkn Shawarma sandwich and it taste like roast beef with gravy...Yes!! It was a sloppy mess and also may I add that the pita bread was stale...I went on to order my Fav spinach pie, but Lil did I know it was a Unidentified(No Filo, No Puff Pastry, Etc...) piece of Bread w/No Spinach in it..To wrap this up, I'm giving this place 2 stars for obvious reasons and for the one and only Delicious meal~ The Beautiful Golden Falafel Balls...Yaa!!! The Balls Saved the DayI eat at this location fairly regularly. I have always had good service. The atmosphere could be a little better, but it isn't bad. It's just easy/super casual. I always get the sauteed vegetable plate. Usually I get beef shawarma on the side. It is always good. I wouldn't mind if they went a bit easier with the olive oil, but hey, don't mess with success. The Lebanese tea is highly addictive. The only thing this place really needs is a beer/wine license.The food took a long time to cook which I really appreciated because it showed that the food was made to order. It wasn't really busy when I went in and it was nice and cool inside. Nothing super fancy but the food was great. The waitstaff are super friendly and courteous to the patrons.The hummus is easily in my top 3. The gyro, chicken, and steak are good. You get a ton of food so you won't leave hungry. They also have a hookah menu. Eat outside, the interior is a little depressing.This place is awesome. I highly recommend the Arabic Salad to start. The falafel dinner is amazingly delicious. Best falafel I've ever had! Servers are extremely friendly and took great care of us. You won't be disappointed.Before Katrina I used to frequent Mona's on Calhoun every week. Thankfully their location on Carrollton is just as good. Yes, it may look a bit divey and if you go during a big rush the staff may seem overwhelmed, but the food is fantastic. My personal favorites are the kibby plate with basmati rice and lebna or if I just want a snack a falafel sandwich. And let's not forget the Lebanese tea, which for some may be an acquired taste but it's one with acquiring. When it comes to desserts you can't beat the classic baklava, unless maybe you're talking about the burma.
My only complaint? The occasional group of college kids that hog up a big table, order drinks and maybe one appetizer, and all smoke a hookah. Usually it's 5 or 6 with one hookah all sharing the same mouthpiece, being loud and not tipping their waitress.This Mona's practically sh*ts on the Mona's on Broad and Banks!
Their veggie kallaya is to die for! 
Service is awesome and food comes out promptly. Their lentil soup is amazing. It sure beats the heck out of the one on Broad and Banks. It comes out piping hot with crisp pita chips. Their Greek salad is so tasty and filling and so is their hummus and pita bread, nice and fresh. The serving sizes are a lot better too.
Whatever you do, don't go to the one on Broad and Banks. The only thing that is good their is their lentil soup, which has NOTHING on the Magazine's lentil soup. 
Both Mona's are great vegan/vegetarian friendly places as well! I highly recommend this Mona's!I thoroughly enjoy their chicken kebab and their pita bread is hot. We cannot leave without getting some baklava, too!So excited for a shawarma since moving here. It's been a while. Such a disappointment!!! How does chicken Caesar thrown in a pita count as shawarma?! Plus, I can tell they get a lot of their store goods from Phoenecia in Houston. We both purchased nuts that ended up having LIVE worms inside the bag!!! We threw everything away and the sandwich. Not sure if it Mona's fault or the supplier, but they looked extremely fresh! Yikes! Two stars since I didn't notify them but definitely no quality checks happening here!Not expensive, nor pretentious, just good Mediterranean food with friendly staff and generous portions. I loved the Kibbeh app. Paired with a gyro (lamb & beef) and fries/drink for around $20- probably too much food for one, but I left satisfied.
Forgot to add they do BYOB- always a plus on the check for meI lived right near this location for a few months, but only visited once before I moved.  
Our server was awkward and difficult to communicate with (not a language barrier issue).  She also took awhile to fulfill our smaller requests (silverware, etc).
The portions, however, are great.  I had a huge plate full of gyro meat  and hummus and it was easy to turn the rest of my order into a satisfying second meal the following day.  The pita bread was pretty good and, upon request, the server did give us more for our leftover boxes, as well as bring lidded cups for the sauces (a big plus to me!).
Overall, it was worth it for the food and the quantity.  I would eat there again :)I had the pleasure of pre-gaming at Mona's last weekend before Mid-Summer Mardi Gras. This is a great place to start the night with good friends. It's BYOB, so bring your Nut Liquor and the other crazy concoctions you found at Dorignac's earlier and start pouring those libations. Sit outside and people watch, drink your drink, enjoy your hookah, and order some tasty and inexpensive Mediterranean fare. I had a gyro, which was good but sadly Lebanon's is better.  The group ordered several things including grape leaves, hummus, tabouleh, and wait for it...chicken nuggets. Everyone enjoyed their meal (I hear the chicken nuggets are divine). Our waitress was nice, attentive, and brought us a bucket of ice for our make-shift bar. If I'm in the mood for a good gyro, I'll go to Lebanon's; if I'm in the mood for some laughs, hookahs, and cheap decent food I'll meet my friends at Mona's. Food = 3 stars, Experience = 4 starsPicked up lunch for the office here last week and boy were we disappointed. Beef Schwarma was chewy and boney - is that even possible? Tasted old, stale. We also ordered the chicken Schwarma - very average. Everything was just blah - average - boring. Too many other good choices near Oak Street.I ordered the lunch version of the appetizer platter and it was perfect: everything was fresh and filling. The rose tea was delicious as always and the service was quick and complementary.This was pretty delish! Going in and expecting an American Cafe (thanks to my GPS), it was a pleasant surprise. Chicken Shwarma Wrap/ Entree were so good. I've had better hummus but it wasn't a disappointment. Yum!!
Outside seating too!I ordered some grape leaves to go today and the service was not that great but the worst part about it was the cold ,stale pita bread I left with. I will drive the extra miles to go to Albasha in the future.Mona's is the ish! The food is quite good. I highly recommend the appetizer sampler -- hummus, tzaziki, baba ganouj, a couple meat ball things (highly technical term), dolmas, and more -- is an appetizer that four or five can share, or if you're dining family style, an excellent starter choice.
Mona's is nothing special -- it's not a "destination" restaurant. But especially if you live nearby, it's like a BYOB social experience, catered with healthy, fresh, and extremely tasty Mediterranean food, and the option of smoking hookah, or just inhaling the sweet scent from neighboring smokers. Mona's has ~20 shisha flavors, several tables outside to sit at, a generally younger (20s/30s) clientele, and a very friendly staff.
Where I really fell in love with Mona's establishment -- they closed kind of early last week -- 10p or so -- and I was there for just the reason I described before. I didn't want to go to a bar, or do nothing at home. So at 9:45 when we finished eating, I thought "man, I wish I could just rent one." My dining partner challenged me to go out on a limb -- I did -- and for $40, Mona's hooked me up with a huge hookah, two bowls of shisha, a roll of coals, and even though we didn't wind up taking off til 10:15 or so, our waitress was so genuinely friendly and helpful that I was genuinely surprised. Very graceful service.
Great laid back, well-executed, casual Mediterranean food -- consider it a "dive" Mediterranean joint. While certainly not a destination dining experience, I'll continue to frequent them every week or two. Mona's isn't a statement in gastronomy or anything like that, but when you're looking for that sweet spot between planting your butt on the couch and dressing up/meeting friends for dinner+drinks, Mona's is the perfect choice. But remember -- BYOB!
Oh -- and the baclava is awesome! Avoid the salads though -- tomatoes can be starchy and boring.I did not have high hopes going in to this. Ordered the Lamb Shish Kebab plate. OMFG! What the?!? How the...?!? OMFG! 
My wife does NOT like lamb. She loved this lamb! A touch of cinamon, cocoa and pepper done to eye rolling perfection. She got the 4 cheese pizza and the pickle and olive plate. I don't do olives but the pickles were fantastic.Awesome falafel, gyro, beef shawarma, beef kebab, hummus, salad, Lebanese tea, etc! Eat here about once a month for a few years now!I see they have been getting a lot of bad reviews of late.  I go to this Mona's pretty regularly and have never had a really bad experience. Granted, I don't go in with super high expectations.  This is a super casual place, no need to change out of your flippy flippys, shorts and tees. Your server is going to be some little Tulane undergrad working for beer money.  The service with be ok as long as a table of the servers friends or boyfriend doesn't come in at the same time as you (speaking from personal experience).
That being said, when I want some quick, inexpensive eats I head up here.  The food is pretty consistent.  At lunch I usually order the chicken shawarma, a side of fries and an iced tea (the unsweetened is a really yummy mint tea) for under $10.  I have at some point tried just about everything on the menu and everything is pretty tasty.I hate lamb. But this is one of the best tasting meats I have ever had. No game. Not too sweet. Perfect. I've eaten here before and the meat pie is spectacular. The pickles and olives are perfect. And the four cheese pizza is better than pizza with four cheeses.  The prices are more than a deal. I will be coming here regularly for pickled items and pockets of delicious protein. If you are adversed to international food, don't be skerd. The food here will make you and your tummy very happy. Eve your pocketbook will leave refreshed. Highly recommend.This was my first time having a taste of Mediterranean food! I thoroughly enjoyed it. The saying is true, don't judge a book by its cover. The place isn't too clean & can turn you off, but if you can get pass that you will love the food. I don't have a palette for hummus, but Mona's are very tasty. The sautéed shrimp was delicious & filling, not too pricey at all, to say it was shrimp. Mona's has outdoor seating and that sold me. Mona's has a new customer.They're OK. The prices are quite reasonable, a falafel gyro or beef shawarma will set you back around five bucks. The decor is pretty sparse, metal chairs and patio tables.
My problems stemmed from the fact they were really understaffed. Tables weren't being bussed and half empty drinks were being blown off of tables, splashing everywhere. We actually picked up a bunch of credit card receipts that hadn't been collected and were blowing all over the place. 
Service was also very slow, we had a pretty long wait for a sandwich and a salad and they missed our appetizer order entirely.
They also lose a star right off for allowing smoking. Hookahs are available and brought out to the restaurant patio and there is no escaping their haze.Huge tasty portions but the atmosphere is downright depressing and it's a very poorly kept interior.Local deli serving sandwiches and iced tea. Gyro sandwich was quite tasty. Very casual. No alcohol.I really enjoyed this place. I asked the server to give me whats the best and he delivered. I will go back again.A solid choice for middle eastern food. Yes the service can be a bit odd...think distracted college student, but really we had no problems yesterday. The food is quick and always tasty.  The space is light and airy which makes eating in comfortable.  I love their spinach pie and their hummus. I just wish I would remember that as much as I love their falafel sandwich that it ends up sitting in my stomach like a lead weight for the next 4 hours....but that's a personal problem. This was our lunch stop during my annual Magazine-Street-Black-Friday-Shopping-Extravaganza with my Mom.  Why didn't I pick a place with a liquor license?I ordered delivery and it was amazing. All of the food was delicious and portions were good. I will definitely order from Mona's again in the near future.I really like Mona's Cafe.  It is reasonably priced compared to other Greek and Lebanese places around the Greater New Orleans area, and the ambiance is outstanding.  It has a strong neighborhood feel and some excellent dishes not typically found in some Greek places--the zaater bread is to die for.I've been here twice in the past week. I really like it. The service is very friendly and both times I was there, the restaurant was not really busy so we got a lot of individual attention. 
I have tried the chicken shawarma plate and just the sandwich. It's so tasty! They don't put humus inside their sandwich though, which kind of bummed me. Oh well, it was still good. 
It's very spacious and they have two unisex restrooms. 
I'll be coming back. I haven't experienced anything negative to keep me from returning again.The portions are very good, the prices are extremely reasonable and it's extremely tasty. I'd come here after work or on the weekends when I didn't feel like cooking and I never regretted it.
Go here with friends or take a date when you're over the "trying to swoon him/her with ambiance" phase. I'm not paying for candlelight and a live violinist, I just want reasonably priced scrum-diddly-umptious Greek.
The hummus is some of the best I've ever had. Buy a quart and eat it throughout the week on everything from bread, to eggs to salad.This is my favorie Monas, they also have the largest servings of Hummus out of all the Mediterrain restaurents that I have been to in the city. There is never a line or a wait, the service is promt and freindly. This is also really well priced. 
You get an entire lunch for two people for $14 its great!I have good memories of Mona's in Mid City from years ago. So when Pho Bistro was closed (it was a Monday), we walked to Mona's for lunch. What a huge mistake! I had heard it was not good anymore and I should have listened.
This negative review is based on four factors: poor service, food that just tasted "off", dirty dining area, and the appearance of not one, but two roaches in the dining area (gross!) 
First, the service was very slow- the servers were forgetful and seemed disorganized (we watched a lot of orders just sitting on a shelf waiting to be brought out to tables.) They weren't that busy while we were there. While friendly enough, it was just bad service - no water brought out after asking a couple times, no silverware/napkins when apps came, slow refills on tea. As mentioned the food was just not tasty. Most items seemed fresh enough, it just tasted that it was not prepared well- from the spinach pies, to the falafel plate to the chicken swarma (spelling?) which didn't look or taste like it should (according to my mom).  
The whole dining area is in need of a major clean up- around the windows, the tables, the floors- everything! And finally- the last straw -the two roaches we saw. One large one was crawling on the booth near my mom and a second smaller one was on my baby's high chair! They appeared just as we were discussing leavinf (in spite of our nearly still full plates) because we weren't liking our food. After seeing them, our decision to leave was quite an  easy decision. I (obviously) won't be coming back to this, or any of the other Mona's locations.This is the first place I ever ate at in NO (Oh wait. I totally had Rally's the night before. Well, that doesn't count...). I arrived in this city at midnight on a Wednesday night in August and already on Thursday I was out and about, looking for a place to live. I think I walked around for about 4 hours that day. Yes. In the middle of August. I think I deserve trooper status for that.
Anyway, I was hungry and needed a bite. I had just been unemployed for nearly two months so I wasn't trying to spend a lot of money. I didn't know anything about any of the restaurants down here, and I found myself on Carollton, so I walked up and down the street looking at the menus posted outside the restaurants. By the time I got to Mona's, I was too hungry to keep walking, so I just walked in and was happy to be in air conditioning.
I ended up ordering a chicken shawarma, which was definitely affordable. It's all kind of a blur now, but I remember really enjoying the meal. I'll have to go back for the memories and to see if the food really was that good. Lol.
Oh, and they have free wifi.Mona's is a place that I refer to often, even living 12 states away. I was a regular of the mediterranean restaurants when I lived in New Orleans, and whenever I return to visit, I always make sure to stop into one of their locations.
I am a stickler for repetition at my favorite places, so I always go for what I know is great. Fried cheese and the vegetarian plate. 
The fried cheese is so unique and delicious. Crispy and light and full flavored, served very simply with cucumbers, olives and tomatoes. Perfect portion for sharing.
The vegetarian plate is pretty big, it comes with hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, and tabouli, with whole wheat pitas, and plenty of them. 
This particular location was BYOB, but I always order either the Lebanese, or Mint tea.It was my first time at New Orleans and i saw it at the outlet store 
We had a kobob plates and tgey were very good 
I think I had a good experience with this cafe and i may go there again if I visited New Orleans againHow they try to pass off this food as Middle Eastern is a disrespect to the culture.  
However, it is cheap.
It is free BYOB.
....and they have hookah, at a decent price.... 
so despite the fact that the food is deplorable, their Iced-tea is good and they have shisha, so it's still a decent time.
Maybe other people are reviewing the wrong Mona's, because the place isn't remodeled or is the food any good.Mona's was excellent. We had the lentil soup, falafel, hummus, and pickle plate. It was SO good. The girl who served us was friendly and helpful. I love middle eastern food, and ever since my favorite middle eastern restaurant closed down back home, I've been searching for a replacement. Too bad Mona's is a plane ride away from home!After 4 years I'd say its time for me to update this review. Mona's is still serving the same quality Mediterranean fare. Their hummus is still one of my favorites because of its silky texture and the green chilies add great flavor. The pita bread always comes out hot and fresh. On a day when I feel like I could eat an entire city, Mona's comes to mind. The platters are simply HUGE. The platters comes with side of hummus, pita, your choice of meat, and salad. This could be split between 2 people, but fighting over the hummus could break up a marriage. The gyro, steak schwarma and chicken schwarma all offer tons of flavor so you really can't go wrong. If you have a hard time choosing and like more variety, go for the half & half and pick 2 meats. That's just plain common sense. 
As for atmosphere, its bleak. However, they do have a covered patio so sitting outside is always nice on a pretty day. The service is always friendly and prompt. I've been coming here for years and still my go to spot to fill up. Gotta love consistency!Good cheap tasty food! Service isn't always on top and the falafel can be overcooked but I've never gotten sick. :)I used to work at this location years ago. I quit because the manager on duty took a stuffed grape leaf off a dirty plate to re sale!!! So gross!Hummus = yummus here! I definitely prefer Mona's to Lebanon's hummus BUT... if you're looking for atmosphere, you're better off with Lebanon's as Mona's is definitely no-frills in that department. But sometimes, you just gotta eat.
If you're really hungry, as in haven't eaten in a day, order a platter. I had a falafel platter and it's enormous. I think the waitresses must get a workout just lugging the heavy plates from the kitchen to the tables. Falafel is good here, and hummus and salad is also a part of the whole shebang. I appreciate that they serve it with tahini rather than yogurt sauce. I drown my falafel in it!I'm not on the Mona's bandwagon.
The gyro plate was good and less expensive, but I thought the hummus, salad, and the gyro meat at Bablyon was better.  
Babylon's hummus is tangier while Mona's had a bit of spice. I like the usual lemon juice "dressing" on middleastern salads versus the green dressing on Mona's.  The texture of the gyro was more chunky/meaty. 
I'll have to try some other items on the menu and update my review!Love this place !! Very tasty food , great ( fast ) service!!the best hangover food for me : lentil soup ,falafel , babaganush-what else do you need?? Love it!!Always great.  Had the chicken shawarma plate with tabouli instead of a salad.  The Lebanese tea is my favorite.  Service was pleasant, food came out in a timely fashion.Mona's is extremely OK middle eastern food. The staff is usually good, but I've had a few bad experiences with either confused or really slow servers, so overall I have to say it's a mixed bag. 
Maybe the best thing about Mona's is the hookah! it's pretty reasonably priced, and  the waitstaff is pretty good about bringing out fresh coals and keeping the smoke rolling. 
The other thing that makes Mona's worth a visit is that, though they don't really serve their own alcohol, they are more than willing to provide a small ice chest for your own beer, as well as glasses or anything else you need. Mona's is best if you take a friend or two, a couple six packs of beer, order the Mona Special, and get a hookah of any delicious flavor. You'll like it.Chicken Shawarma sammich FOREVER.  Always perfectly seasoned and delivered with a smile.  For $6 you just can't beat it.I know this place might merit 3 stars, but I just love coming here. My posse and I love coming here because of the following:
1. Cheap, fantastic Middle Eastern Food. The falafel, lamb and hummus, grape leaves and everything else are pretty delicious. And it's all super inexpensive, too. 
2. The fun staff: The servers they hire here are always friendly and giggly to the right degree. They also manage to put up with my friends when we drink, which is quite impressive... you would agree if you ever saw us. 
3. Neighborhood and atmosphere: It looks just like it sounds: a cheap Mediterranean cafe, but it's charming in its own neighborhood-y way. The patio is painted red brick and has patio tables all around. You can push them together if you have a crowd. To be honest, though, it's not the cleanest and well-kept environment. But if you are willing to get over that, it's good. 
4. BYO!: Definite plus. Alcohol can never run up your bill! They are really accommodating when it comes to bringing your own whatever. They'll bring out wine glasses or ice or anything that you need. One summer night we even got a pitcher so we could mix margaritas, which made for a very fun night.
5. Hookah: They used to have an extensive menu of shisha, but have since switched distributors or something. They still have all the basic flavors, so you can mix flavors still: A favorite is Apple-apple-Lemonade or Cherry-Lemonade.
I'll always come back here. I just love the laidback atmosphere and what they have to offer. I have a lot of good memories of sharing hummus over Chianti mixed with good rowdy, but fun company. Definitely a fave summer spot.Tasted fine, but was WAY over priced. Got the sauteed veggies over rice and it was 16 dollars! Not worth it. Would not order it again. Probably won't go there again either.I would NEVER eat here.
We stopped in at Mona's after dinner to have a hookah.
The place was so dirty I could not believe it.
Good Hookah Though!I went here today with a coworker we both got the chicken Sharma plate.  It was delicious.  I love the different spices in the chicken.  should add feta to the salad.  Will be back soon!This is probably my favorite Mona's in New Orleans. The food is always great, they never mess up my order and the staff is friendly. The only issue I have is that they constantly have new staff members. While their staff is friendly, they're all a little spacey and won't check on you unless you're ready to pay your bill. Lately, I've just been taken it go. It seems a waste to tip servers when they're not even doing their job right.Hot and fresh shwarma and gyro, yum yum! Got the half and half with chicken and gyro and it was D-lishous. Not to mention the grape leaves which were on point. Baba ganush was just ok, that was the only part of the meal I didn't love. We came in very hungry and left very not hungry and satisfied, so I'd say overall a great result.this is a typical Lebanese restaurant. It serves all the usual Middle Eastern dishes. It is very inexpensive. The food is fresh. It's never particularly busy. It's a great place to have a quick lunch or an informal dinner. They do not serve alcohol but you can bring in wine.I've eaten at the Magazine location for years as it is the closest to where I live.  I've also eaten at most of the other locations (my favorite location is the one on Banks Street that has their market attached to it).  All of the locations have been very consistent in quality and service.  It isn't the best Middle Eastern food I've had but it is generally good.  I really like their iced mint tea and I usually get the combo kabob platter.  I also like the Mona's sampler which gives you a selection of their appetizers.  I think they have the best kibby in New Orleans and I do enjoy munching on those.  I've nearly always had good service at all the locations of Mona's I've eaten at.  A little known fact is that you can bring in your own wine and they don't have a corkage fee so that can be a nice way to enjoy a pretty inexpensive fun dinner.This place is pretty sub par, but at least its cheap. There are plenty of other Mediterranean places as bad trying to pass it off as much more expensive. Still, its budget dining, lets be honest.I feel like I'm running down a checklist of Mona's locations with my reviews. That's a good thing and means that I have options for tasty food in several parts of the city.
This was my first trip to Mona's on Magazine although I've been to Mona's in other spots dozens upon dozens of times. Enough that I don't need to look at the menu before I order. This day I decided to go with an old favorite, kibby plate with lebna and rice instead of hummus and salad. As always, Mona's delivered. Service was about as usual, slightly overwhelmed college student. I really wish Mona's locations would just hire one extra person. Often my visits bring me great food but an overworked service person.
I don't have much new to say about food here. It's delicious. What really makes this Mona's stand out is location. Magazine is a great street to just walk down and do shopping, which makes Mona's a good spot to stop and have lunch or a snack.We live around the corner from here and decided to give it a try one late evening as it's hard to find food after 11 PM in the city.
The good:
1. Open late. I don't know what time they close during the week,but on Friday night they stop serving food at 11:45 PM
2. Good prices. We had a Gyro sandwich, an eggplant sandwich and a Falafel app all for $15.99
3. The food was decent. Not great,not bad.
The bad:
1. The place needs an overhaul. It's tired and dirty on the inside.
2. Both our sandwiches were on the not so much meat in the middle side. My eggplant sandwich was good but out near the edges there was nothing but bread and the eggplant was thin overall. Same thing with my partner's Gyro- not much meat.
3. Lebanon's down the street has better food for about the same prices and is so much nicer inside- Unless it's after 10 PM and they are closed, I can't see the point in choosing this place over that place.pretty decent palestinian restaurant.
kababs are pretty good.  chicken breast is surprisingly moist.  lulu is decent.  the lamb itself can be a little dry though.  hummus is excellent.  sailhaila pizza is ok, nothing special. the turkish coffee is actually pretty good.  thank god they have real mint tea - fresh mint leaves.
be patient because service is kinda slow - like arab country 115 degrees hot outside slow motion.  staff is very nice.I just love this place. It's been my go to place since moving to NOLA. The half and half is my favorite with the gyros and chicken shawarma.I could taste the quality of ingredients used in each dish. Every bite packed a big burst of flavors including; extra virgin olive oil, garlic, and herbs and spices.  Mona's Cafe could be the best Middle Eastern Cuisine, for the price, I have ever had.get the gyro sandwich, with the hummus. no more will be needed. ever. (also, get the cucumber sauce)One of the best things about Mona's is that they have great food at a great price. They have sweet tea, which is always a treat for me. I can never decide what I want: chicken or beef shwarma, the kabob plates, or the gyro. Combination platters are the key, although it's hard to choose which two of the three you can live without. I always have to have an order of falafel when I get there. The lentil soup is okay, but if it was seasoned better it would be a hit!
The servers are always sweet and friendly, and they are very attentive. The portions are extremely generous and I always find myself needing a box, which is great because I love having yummy Mona's goodness in my fridge at all times.This was a terrible disappointment. I loved this restaurant. Something has happened. The lamb was in tiny pieces and most was grizzle. What happened Mona???The service was excellent and friendly. However, the food was okay. I've had Lebanese tea before but something tasted off about Mona's. My friend commented that it tasted very perfume-y. I didn't get this impression.. It tasted like Windex to me! Our server was willing to correct the mistake and allow me to try another tea. I opted to go with water. 
For my entree, I ordered the lamb chops. They were cooked well but I wished it was seasoned more. The hummus is one of the best I've had. My friend ordered the half & half (choosing gyro & beef). It was okay as well. 
The food was just okay to me.Tho I have taken a shine to Courtyard Grille just a few blocks away, Mona's is kinda more versatile, great place for take out lunch or a quick bite.  Courtyard's prices are a little higher, its a little more like taking someone out on a date (which I haven't done since before DSL but that's where I would go if I were still doin it).  Mona's is a favourite the prices are a little less and you can go there often and never get sick of the same thing.Very good food and service.  Overall, I'd probably return because it seemed like a good place to hang out and eat for a reasonable price.Tried this place several times, both this location and the one in mid city. The chicken shawarma at the Carrollton location was definitely NOT shawarma, more like grilled chicken that was sautéed in a pan. The beef and lamb kafta or lula kebab was overcooked and mediocre.  The stuffed grape leaves were not fresh and definitely something that were thawed out and reheated
Seems like this location prepares these dishes in advance and just reheats them when they are ordered, to save time. This place and Lebanon cafe are both definite disappointments as far as quality middle eastern food is concerned. Will not be returning. Babylon cafe on maple st is so much better.I find myself at Mona's all the time, because it's consistent... good food, chill atmosphere (I usually sit outside and watch the world go by on Carrollton), BYOB, and you can smoke the hookah while you're at it.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for the quality and quantity of food that you get.  The hummus and falafel are great, and there's free wifi!Awesome hummus baba ganoush tabouli and chicken shawarma. Lebanese ice tea and lentil soup good too. Great location uptown.I did not enjoy my experience here. I cant put omy finger on what it was exactly, but the whole thing was a let down. 
The restaurant was clean. So that wasnt it. 
The food was of acceptable quality but I didnt care for the taste, so that could have been it. 
The service was quick and competent, so that wasnt it.
The mint flavored tea was good so that wasn't it.
it may have been the lack of lighting or the sun hitting me directly in my face as I tried to eat some of the most disappointing grape leaves I ever had. 
I cant bring myself to rate them low however, as they didnt fail in any particular area, I just didn't enjoy it.I've been going to both the Frenchman and Carrollton locations for a several years now, however the Frenchman location is much better. Mona's on Carrollton seems to have changed a bit, younger crowd, WAAAAY slower service, the baklava isn't anywhere near as good as it used to be. I would give this location 2 stars, but the hummus is still tasty.I will never understand why this place is so popular.
The food here is served out of a can, literally. You can go the affiliated Mona's deli and buy the food they serve in the restaurant, but in an aluminum can. The "grape leaves" taste like vinegar and metal, which makes sense given their origin. Terrible!
Everything else here is bland, bland, bland. This place is to Lebanese food as Panda Express is to Chinese food. Americanized in the worse way possible.
The service is also rude and indifferent.
I will never get the hype...Disappointing.  The meat for the shawarma and gyros is not cooked on a vertical roaster, aka shawarma grill, and as such does not have the texture I expect.  The chicken shawarma resembled a stewed chicken dish.  The gyro meat has a meatloaf texture, it hasn't been blended enough and is simply fried in a pan.  Also, no tzatziki sauce comes with the gyro, wtf ?  Server told me they didn't use it at this restaurant.  Strange.   The hummus was good though and the list of appetizers looked promising but not enough to warrant a return visit.When I go to get Mediterranean food in New Orleans I usually go for Lebanon's Cafe or Babylon Cafe and my most recent visit to Mona's did nothing to change that. At first things seemed good; we sat outside and had a really good qudsia appetizer. After that the experience went way downhill. The food was fine but not anything out of the ordinary. What was extraordinary is how bad our waitress was. There was only one other table in the restaurant but still she failed to notice us sit down because she was on the phone and reading a magazine. After letting our drinks sit empty for a long time, she took our drinks to be refilled and forgot them on the counter for about 10 minutes. Then we had to wait like 20 minutes for her to come get our check. OK maybe it was 15 minutes but thats still really annoying. I don't mean to be too whiny about it but the service sucked prodigiously. It does stay open to midnight on Friday though which is nice.Lamb and hummus is normally delicious from Mona's. Ordered it to go and it was terribleeee.... Tough meat, dumped red pepper on top (which is never on it) that was too spicy to eat and a thin schmear of hummus. Not even Mediterranean tasting. Never going here again.I stopped in for some (sweet) mint tea and tried their humus. It had some spicy chili/pepper in the center that was a nice addition.
Great service and good food.Wandered into Mona's in the French Quarter looking for REAL food moderately priced. Mona's fit the bill! We had a plate of stuffed grape leaves, half veggie and half meat. They came to the table nice and warm which I had never had, and were flavorful and delicious, more stuffing than grape leaf. My sis ordered the falafel platter which came with a generous salad and homemade hummus with a little pool of EVOO in the middle with chopped fresh herbs, (parsley I think.) The falafel were piping hot and very crunchy revealing a bright green center of yumminess!!!! The following day we discovered Mona's on Magazine Street closer to our accommodations. SCORE!!! Here our very gracious hostess recommended the black tea with mint which was piping hot, strong, and soothing. I ordered a chicken kebab that came with a very green side salad and the delicious humus with the little EVOO pool. Heaven!  The chicken had been wonderfully marinated in spices including turmeric which gave it a bright yellow color and just a hint of the aromatic properties of the turmeric. All of this was accompanied by a basket of freshly made, very thin, warm whole wheat pitas...(they make their own pitas daily at
Mona's. The place is super casual, with booths and tables and a friendly, "stay as long as you like" vibe. They have 3 locations in NOLA.  This was one of the top three meals we enjoyed in New Orleans. Don't pass it up on your visit to The Big Easy!Mona's is always quick and delicious. We get the fried kibby and the falafel plate, usually, with half sweet tea and half mint tea. They give you the option of mixing white and wheat pita too. The little side salad that comes with is simple but delicious. Affordable too!Saturday lunch, only one waitress and she really has to force herself to smile.Food ok nothing amazing. 
I will not be backAlways get the fried cheese appetizer with the Hummus & Lamb entree.  Both dishes are reliably delicious and reasonably priced for what you get.  Take out is always ready in under ten minutes, which is fantastic.Service is definitely indifferent at this location; on the other hand the food is good and CHEAP.
They're hummus is my favorite.  And I love the falafel sandwich.Really bad. I had no idea that someone could ruin pita, but I guess you can. The spinach pie was empty and had clearly been frozen (the bread part was hard as a rock). I would say it was an okay price, but I wouldnt eat this food again for free. In addition the waitress couldn't have cared less and just kinda shrugged when we asked her about getting something else. Sucky, just sucky.I have  been to Mona's several times and their food is always delicious.  Tonight, I ordered to-go and it was delicious again.  Then why am I giving a one-star rating?  Because the two items I ordered, off their menu, should have totaled $7.58.  I was charged $10.00.  Please don't insult my intelligence. What should have been an enjoyable meal was marred by the knowledge that I was ripped off. Be careful in Mona's--especially around the cash register!Greek salad with added gyro meat was okay. Meat was thick strips not the slices I have come to expect. 4 olives total and presentation was non existent. Wait staff polite, but did not allow use of 5% off yelp coupon, due to her not understanding how to do it..? I TIPPED 15% And the bill was total 15.00. Not worth it and I would not go again.They have renovated the inside and it looks fantastic!!!
All of the food is fresh, not from a can and they make pizza to order!! I wouldn't normally order pizza from a Middle Eastern Restaurant, but believe me, it is f-ing amazing here. The smell alone will get you. Love the food, hookah, lebanese iced tea and the service!
Plus they are SO FAST. My food has never taken more than 10 minutes to come, usually less than 5. It is BYOB and make sure you are 18+ if you're smoking hookah because they can be kind of strict. Writing this review is making me hungry to go back already!This is was my first visit to Mona's on Magazine Street.  I was a regular of the Banks Street location, but that was in the 1990s-2000s. 
We easily found parking on a side street, and my husband and I picked an outside table. The weather was beautiful. 
Though the waiter was knowledgeable and helpful, we stuck to our usual order and this type of eatery; we split an appetizer spread. This is our go-to at Middle Eastern eateries since it's an economical way to enjoy a wide variety of flavors. 
I ran inside to visit the restroom. The facilities were clean and stocked. However, I found the dining room smelled like bleach. With the way the kitchen is very much open to the restaurant, that was kind of a turn off. But, since we ate outside, we kinda just tried to ignore that. 
Mona's is a solid eatery. Grab a takeout menu and add it to your rotation.Love Mona's!!! The outside seating is great. It's BYOB so it's fun to go with a group of people and bring your own wine. I usually go to Mona's for an early dinner. Mona's is cool because you don't feel obligated to have a huge meal. If you'd prefer to drink, maybe order some hookah, and split a plate of hummus with friends, that's alright. If you do feel like eating, you can't go wrong with the chicken shawarma! There's never a wait to sit, unless you have a really large group. The restaurant is great at accommodating your group. I'm always rearranging chairs, and they don't mind at all. The waiters are laid back and attentive.My wife and went uptown to continue the Coolinary fest and were disappointed the restaurant we chose (and shall remain nameless) was closed. So I decided to head on over to Magazine Street and just randomly stop somewhere for a quick lunch. We stopped at Mona's Cafe on Tuesday, Aug 13, 2019 at about 12 PM. What a delightful happenstance discovery. 
Upon entry we were a little taken aback as we were the only patrons which usually has really negative connotations. We were pleasantly surprised to discover the opposite was true here. The ambiance is a little dated, the tables a little rickety, the a/c could use a little recharge, but the food and service exceed all expectations.
I had the vegetarian grape stuffed leaves ($10.99) with hummus and baba ganoush served alongside a very fresh green salad. The salad was laced with tomatoes and sprinkling of cheese and a vinaigrette dressing. The hummus was fresh, the babaganoush was fresh, and the vegetarian stuffed grape leaves literally melted in your mouth. DELICIOUS! Fresh pita bread topped off a wonderfully balanced middle eastern comfort food lunch.
My wife had the chick shish-ka-bob ($12.99)with hummus and the same fresh green salad. An abundant serving of chicken shish-ka-bob freshly prepared with just the right delicate seasoning convinced my wife we had chosen well. She also had fresh pita bread with a lemonade ($2.00). 
The restaurant serves middle eastern comfort food. It is freshly prepared and the server even informed us it would take about 20 minutes. Did I mention FRESH? Those of you that have read my reviews in the past know I am cynical and can be a harsh critic of all the restaurant. Mona's Cafe deserves your patronage or at least a give it a try. I know we will revisit this establishment again. Reasonable pricing, good service, freshly prepared food, all equal to a 4 star rating and my recommendation. 
Total with tip and tax $35.00.I was actually on my way to grab lunch somewhere else when Mona's caught my eye like a beacon in the night. I quickly turned around and found myself here in a fairly empty restaurant at around 2 pm on a weekday.
I sat down and the waiter (owner?) came over quickly to take care of me. I knew exactly what I wanted, so I got the beef shawarma which came with salad and hummus. I have been to Mona's other location before and I always enjoy their beef shawarma plate. The hummus is always delicious and the salad is nice and fresh- this location was no different. I also enjoyed a mint tea with my meal, which was quite tasty. Because I was one of only two customers here, service was fast and efficient. I did notice that they tend to do a big take out business, so keep that in mind if you live or work in the area.
I enjoyed my experience here and I will return.I love Mona's. It's a fun quirky little cafe with good food and awesome staff. Sure they don't have the "vibe" that Lebanon's down the street does or whatever authenticity nonsense others complain about but let me tell you - they are down to earth, pack a ton in their portions and that is good enough for me! 
They are byob and also have some good hookah flavors. Outdoor seating is nice but you may want to ask for bug spray in the evenings. My go to is the chicken or beef shawarma and a bottle of $10 red from Rite Aid across the street. You can also call ahead for take away.I love Mona's! It's one of my no-thought, go-tos when I have nothing to eat and I just want to-go. I have had it delivered a few times and it always arrives fresh and hot. I like the appetizer sampler which is enough for one person to eat for dinner with some leftovers. Great, no-nonsense, food. The hummus is so smooth too!I haven't been here since they added the hookah and all that jazz so that in mind for my review.  
When I lived in Mid-City, I dined constantly at Mona's and Lebanon's and for the longest time I couldn't decide which one was better.  Years later, it's abundantly clear - Lebanon's.
That's not to say Mona isn't tasty and satisfying...  The hummus and baba ganoush are both exactly as they should be, no stars docking there.  But the falafel, on Mona's - why are yours so much mealier?  And less spiced and flavorful?  The lentil soup here is also mehhh, just not as good as Lebanon's!  Pita bread is pita bread for the most part and they do hook you up on that front.  
I *think* the Lebanese iced tea is actually better here . . . but don't quote me on that!
So Mona's, you'll do if my friends really want to go to you.  I appreciate all your vegan options . . . but you're more like my redheaded stepchild, except edible and I like you sometimes.Very good food.  Service not the friendliest.  The Hummus is tasty as heck!
You can eat here cheap - they have sandwiches on the back of the menu for ~$5.  I like to get one of those and split a side of hummus all for about $10 including tip.
UPDATE:  I used to go here with a group of friends about every other week but we might stop do to the awful service, which seems to slowly be getting worse.  Guess I'll just go to the one on carrolton for my fix.Went here because middle eastern places usually have lots of good menu items for vegans and vegetarians, and this place was listed in yelp as having lots of vegan options, but can't really know if it's true. The staff had no idea what anything was made from. It took so long for someone to come and take our order that we considered leaving, then considered leaving after placing our drink order because if took so long for them to come back, then considered just throwing money on the table and walking out cause it took forever to get our bill. The staff had no idea if there were eggs or dairy in any of the food. They had no idea if they sautéed the veggies in oil or butter. I don't know how you can not know what you're cooking veggies in but somehow they weren't sure what it was. Even the food we knew we could eat was not very good, and we love middle eastern food. Not worth going to for any part of the experience. Maybe meat eaters will like the place but based on the atmosphere, service and staff I'd bet not.Bad experience with Mediterranean food , sufeha is really awful. Musabaha is tasteless and the salad was not that bad. I don't recommend it. Waste of time and money. I am surprised with 4-5 stars reviews.I go to this Mona's frequently because it is around the corner from me, and it's a good quick fix for my Middle Eastern craving, but I can only give it three stars because it's not consistant. Sometimes the hummus tastes like they poured it from a can and sometimes it tastes really fresh. The tabouli is usually pretty good, but I had it once where it was ol, slimy and bad. The falafel is good, and the salads are good. The lentil soup is my favorite thing on the menu. I just feel like every time I go the only thing that is gong to be the same as the last time I went is the soup. The Banks Street location has their act way more together and they are always consistant. Magazine Street needs to take some lessons.i dunno man...i dig Mona's but the place was empty (middle of the day) and i got really terrible service.The best... we walked in and was immediately greeted by both the bartender and the guys at the bar. This is a low light dive place with the best bartender and chief in westwego! 2 Poker machines 1 pool table a  jukebox and dance floor stage. The food is amazing ..... I fell in love with this place.Got there, sat outside for a while (it said seat yourself),  went inside in search of menus, got them ourselves despite the unfriendly young worker standing around. Sat outside for a little while longer until an older guy came out to take or order. He was very query but nice. We both got the Lebanese tea which was kind of strange at first, but I acquired quite the taste of it. As an appetizer we got Mashaba (no idea how to spell that). It was good. After that i got the lamb kebab. It was amazing. The lamb had an amazing flavor and was super juicy. We didn't get a desert because the settings were huge and we were stuffed. One thing to be aware of: food here is not as cheap as you would think. For lunch, $50 was too expensive for me. Especially when I thought I'd be leaving feeling like i got the best bang for my buck. 
Overall, I would recommend this place, but only if you're planning on sitting outside.Stombled upon Mona's  were pleasantly surprised good service, tasty food. Had the combo plate w/chicken and gyro, generois serving w/salad and hummus. 
Only negative was the tadziki was milder than I liked.. Just a minor issue.My husband is Lebanese so he is a tough critic, but he loved it, as did I. Great food, and lots of it. Love the tea with the pine nuts. NON-TOURISTY in the Marigny too, love it!I really dig Mona's - this location & the one on Banks (is that right? ... I think so ... it's near Jesuit... but whatever!!!) I LOVE LOVE LOVE the vege grape leaves (SO AWESOME!), love the lentil soup - so great when it's cold out!! FREAKIN' LOVE their humus!!! (who knew that was jalapenos in the middle?? - for the longest time I thought it was green garlic (? strange, I know, but sooooo tasty)) & of course my SUPER favorite it the lamb shish ka bobs - the plate comes w/ a GREAT simple salad & HUMUS - HEAVEN!! Yum-freakin-O!!i have no idea how mona's stays in business, and even more so why there are so many of them around nola. that's one heck of a magic trick because this place just sucks. a rat would prob be okay with what comes out of that kitchen though prob not a pigeon. i had the tilapia, which is like a blank canvas for a chef. it was so bad i couldn't even tell what was in the dish ... that's how bad it was ... nothing came together and yet nothing stuck out. i forgot what my friend got because we left so fast and shellshocked with our plates pretty full saying "never again." and it was sort of pricey for mediterranean food ... do yourself a favor and just hit up babylon cafe.Ordered a side of baba ganouj and it took nearly 20 minutes to be prepared. They messed up my order twice. There was almost no one else in the restaurant so I thought it would be quick. The one person working in the restaurant was incredibly rude and had his hood on the whole time. Food was basic. Bread was stale. Ridiculous waste of time.I'm Lebanese and this is the closest to authentic Lebanese food taste you will find in Nola. 
Very casual and low-key place. You won't go wrong with any appetizers. Great service and friendly staff.We get takeout occasionally delivered to our hospital which is closeby. I do NOT recommend this place, but we only order from here because it is close and delivers. The pita we got was STALE. I cannot believe the pita wasn't even fresh. The shawarma plates were otherwise ok, but they also did not give their usual tahini sauce. The takeout orders we have received are NEVER complete. Maybe the experience in the restaurant is better....I would sure hope so.Service was a little slow but it was friendly. Food was good, portions are good as well.This was my first visit and I'm glad I chose this place for lunch. Christina was our waitress and I immediately knew she was a good egg. She was very sweet and had a charming sense of humor. 
My food was fresh and hot and absolutely delicious. I ordered the chicken shawarma plate which came with hummus and pita bread and salad. The portion size was large enough for two people and quite flavorful I might add. 
I was excited about the mint tea and the price was just right. This is a BYOB restaurant so next time I'm taking a bottle of wine with me. 
I was very pleased with my lunch and yes, there will be a next time!Our second Middle Eastern restaurant while in Nola. This is one of four Mona's in the city. 
Service was casual and polite, and our food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.
The online website seemed to have high jacked when I tried to take a look at the menu. But we'd already walked by while visiting Magazine Street and had a good idea of what they offered.
It is BYOB here of you want adult beverages. Yes, there is a sign that says that. Only in Nola.
We ordered a light afternoon meal off the appetizer menu, labna, falfal and baba ganoush plates.
The falfal was crispy on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. And served rather hot, and these little chickpea patties were nicely spicy too.
The labna was as good as the any we have had, and we are far from new to the cuisine.
The baba ghanoush was excellent had a nice texture and smokiness.
We had the whole wheat flat bread and there was an ample amount for our needs.
Only one restroom here, for man and women. At our visit the sink was stopped up :-(
If our early afternoon plates of appetizers were any indication of their main horses this'll make an excellent place for a bigger meal.Terrible customer service. I placed a to go order for an entree and confirmed twice verbally with the person taking the order that it including humus and salad, because it was unclear from the menu. After picking up my order and getting home I saw that there was no humus or salad. I called back and spoke to the same person again. He said, oh sorry, I'm new here, there's nothing I can do. Moreover, the actual food I ordered wasn't good.Just so-so. I got the Greek salad, Veggie plate and rice. The salad looks good, I haven't tried it yet but the place doesn't have Kalamata olives? They have black olives, which is the cheap and gross version. Also, the hummus is served with a terrible tasting spicy jalapeno sauce all over it- wtf? I didn't want that. It would have been much better with olive oil. The tabouli was really good, the falafel is good, the hummus is pretty flavorless except for the gross stuff on top and the baba ganoush was one of the worst things I have ever tasted. It tasted like it had chemicals on it. It was completely inedible. The rice is on the dry side and is also flavorless. Overall, I would not go back.Went on Monday night after many years away. This was once my very favorite Greek and Lebanese in the city. When I moved back I was glad to return, until our food arrived. The halumi cheese was dry and no longer came with the oil. But the worst was the chicken "shawarma" which wasn't shawarma at all. It wasn't shaved from a turning spit. It was just chunks and moist and not remotely like shawarma. So disappointing. Won't be returning.We had a very tight schedule between enjoying daiquiries by the levy and making it home in time to catch the newest episode of Treme. Our friend and non-fellow local suggested Mona's. We of course had to stop by the market to get some beer for that part of the BYOB Mona's offers. We were quickly seated and just HAD to order hummus. (I kinda wish we wouldn't have since each of the meals we got came with our own side of hummus and the same delicious dipping bread, but what are you gonna do..)
I had the chicken kebab, which was great. This place was inexpensive, chill, very tastey, and did I mention BYOB?DO NOT USE UBER EATS for delivery. Monas will have your delicious food ready and hot then Uber will pick it up late and thereby deliver it cold. Will not refund money for their their fees.  
BUT WORSE learned that UBER charges Monas 30% of their listed menu prices in addition to charging delivery and service fees. The restaurants loses money since the profit margin for most fast casual restaurants is less than 30%
Link below for Forbes article about how ordering  through Uber Eats causes your favorite restaurants to lose money every time they accept an order.
https://www.forbes.com/sites/cameronkeng/2018/03/26/why-uber-eats-will-eat-you-into-bankruptcy/
And another article from The New Yorker. 
https://www.newyorker.com/culture/annals-of-gastronomy/are-delivery-apps-killing-restaurants
MONAs!  Save yourself. Take your restaurant off Uber Eats!  You have been in my neighborhood for a long time and want you to stay!
And Yelpers. DONT ORDER THROUGH UBER if you love your local restaurants.Decided to stop by after work to get some grub from monas. Stop by around 5pm lucky me for it was a small crowd. I was greeting upon entering and orderd the fried kibby & Safiah small pizza for appetizers & the chicken Lula for my entree and I was very tasty the food arrived very promptly and the service was very attentive.