The only thing that keeps this from being a five star rave is the noise level.  That should be easily fixable with some sound baffles.   We actually opted out the other night and went elsewhere because the noise was so loud.
BUT...the food is awesome and servers are great...we love Susan and will go as often as we can...but look for off hours if you want to have a conversation.  Ahhh the pimento cheese!Great vibe and great service. Thai shrimp and meatballs app is amazing. Burger is delish with handcut fries. Pork shoulder with black beans and plantains are on their way but I already know will be delicious... If not I will amend the review :)Excellent food and great service, will definitely be back the next time we visit New OrleansMet a few people here on business. An inviting atmosphere that says "this is a cool place to eat" from the moment you step in the door. The appetizers are fantastic; options for bites that are shareable and make for a fun beginning to the meal. Some of the folks I was with ordered pizza, and I had the Mondo burger with house made pimento cheese on it. They had a fantastic selection of specials to add to a great menu. You'd have a tough time not finding something you like on the menu, whatever kind of dinner you like to have. The service was great and the wait time was short. I would undoubtedly come here again, and I appreciate the Folks at Mondo for providing the setting to a really enjoyable mealWe went to Mondo on a Saturday around 7 and didn't have to wait for a table. Our waitress, Susan, was very attentive. We started with the deviled eggs and meatballs.  I had the fish of the day and my husband had the steak. We both enjoyed our meals.
Service overall was great and the restaurant is super cute and fun. I didn't give it five stars because we weren't blown away with the food. I would go back to try the pizza.Mom and I had a very nice time here on Thanksgiving Eve. The appetizer was yummy, the cake was amazing, and the wine pour was generous. Great bartender, too. I hope to return!Still not crazy about the acoustics but the food is always good and we love the open wood fire pizza oven. Have ordered everything from a burger to a lamb shank, and from bouillabaisse to pizza.  Have never been disappointed.I really enjoy Mondo.  I've been a few times when it's super busy and have never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table.  I've had the roast chicken, which was great, and I've had the burger which is excellent (try it!). My dining partner loves the brick oven pizza.  They also make a fantastic martini.  Service was great and relaxed. My only qualm is the noise level--really loud.  They need curtains, or some sort of fabric in there to dampen things.
Tip: It looked like the bar was buzzing with singles (late 20's to early 40's), if that's what you're looking for.Food is great. Service couldn't be nicer at the bar. The only thing is the kitchen can get real slow. Though, the food when it does come out is always tasty. Also, I never feel like the wait isn't worth it.Came here twice in a row in the same week with my cousin. We ordered the Proscuitto leek mushroom pizza. It was so good! It really got us hooked! The baked mac and cheese was really good as well. The bf ordered the burger that was also pretty tasty. 
One tip I would recommend would be to ask for your sides of vegetables to be well done if you do not care for crunchy vegetables. Our roasted brussel sprouts were a bit to hard for us. No biggie though because the kitchen just cooked it a little longer for us.
 Definitely try the White Sangria too. It tasted like a light, refreshing version of a fruit punch.
For some reason our server was an older lady who seemed to take a while at getting us set up with menus and such. So, if you are pressed on time, it might not be a good idea to come here. When I went here for lunch, the server that we had did not seem to have the same problem. It might have been an off night.Mondo is one of my favorite casual dining spots.  They make a great white sangria and their burgers are fantastic.  There are lots of other wonderful items on the menu and menu items are added often.  Some of my favorite appetizers are the deviled eggs and the pate'.  Entrees are a different story.  I can't pick a favorite as they are all so tasty.  The slow roasted pork, the pizzas and of course the burgers are all great.  There are lots of other options and I've never been disappointed. The staff is friendly and very attentive and you don't have to speak in hushed tones.Good variety of flavors being used on the menu here. The Latin spiced roast pork and the Korean flavors of the beef short rib entrees were both really tasty. The signature cocktails are really good too, though they seemed to have a bit of trouble with my fiancé's standard dirty martini. They also have really good pizzas from their wood burning oven. For dessert, the chocolate almond torte was a slight letdown, but overall a very good meal.Great meal from start to finish!  Can't recommend any particular dish because I'd recommend them all.  Waitstaff seemed a little overwelmed even though it wasn't that busy.  Susan needs to hire a couple more waiters.  As other posters have mentioned, the bread is very illusive.  The bread guy was working the room the whole time .  We were never offered any and didn't care but it was  a little odd - that must be some labor intensive bread!  I'm  gonna insist on some next time.Whether sitting at the bar or at a table, service is great. Several vegetarian options especially on meatless mondays. Broccoli soup fabulous as well as gorgonzola appetizer. Drinks taste original and fresh.  Parking can be a pain.The noise level ruined what would have otherwise been a delicious meal.  My ears are still ringing and voice is hoarse from attempting to have a conversation over dinner.  Truly unfortunate.I had a nice dinner with a friend here tonight.  Someone had recommended that we try the burger, nothing else really stood out on the menu so we both went for it.  The burger there is delicious.  They did a fantastic job cooking to the specified done-ness.  In addition we had the fried eggplant with lemon aioli, the aioli was amazing.
Really I was between a 3 and 4 rating.  Although we really enjoyed the food I wouldn't really feel the need to go back here again.  
This place would be good if you were in the neighborhood.  It would also make a good place to stop for a cocktail and appetizers.Garbage across the board! Except the service.
This restaurant was highly recommend through a friend and boy was he wrong. I've been to plenty of restaurants and I get the prices charged for its food, but if you charge me middle to high in prices I better expect middle to high end food. We came in a big group the other night and we were excited to try everything the restaurant has to offer. Started with the scallop special (pretty good, good start). Then it all went down hill from there. Next was the uninspired meatballs which were dry and had a bland taste. Next was the pork belly in a steamed bun. Taste like something that is pretty common at an Asian restaurant but at this place they charge you an arm and a leg for. Third the ceviche, which only tasted like lemons and fish. Really! Where is the seasoning. If I wanted to eat fish dipped in lemon juice I wouldn't waste my time paying for it.  Ordered the special soup mushroom and miso, it tasted like mud water. Where was the savory taste of the fermented beans? None, mud soup with mushrooms. It tasted so god awful, I had to send it back. Next was the Thai spice hanger steak. My steak came out "COLD" in the center. I get that the hanger steak is quick to over cook but if I wanted to eat cold food, I would be eating Japanese. I had to send the food back to at least get my food to come out somewhat warm. The seasoning is the continuous disappointing theme of under seasoning. Got the pizza, it was okay but by that time we lost all interest in the food. Then the children's plate of $10 for 4-5 sauted shrimp with bland rice and a side of steamed broccoli, how dare you charge me so much for crap food! 
I will highly recommend my friends to not waste their time and money at this place. I could of had a wonderful dining experience at any other establishment in Lakeview. The only thing that kept the place together was my server. She was FANTASTIC!Great atmosphere. Not too loud. Food is great. I love the pork shoulder. Service is not rushed. Been here 5 times and always had a great experience.Absolutely Fabulous 
I enjoyed every aspect of mondos 
Get the pork belly 
And shrimp eggplant was spot onThe food is good, it's slowly gotten worse each visit though. The worst part honestly is the service, it is always terrible. The staff is so rude!One of my favorite Lakeview spots.  Good for brunch, lunch, or dinner.Love, Love, Love the food! I had the curry chicken and it was amazing. I asked for the recipe and the waitress said that the chef would be glad to provide it via email. But it would have to be after the holidays, and she still managed to con us into buying the cookbook. The cookbook did not have the recipe I was looking for and I am still waiting for that email more then a month later... oh well. They still get a good rating for the food.The lunch menu is very nice. I had the Cuban sandwich which was unbelievably delicious. Also had the biscuit & venison, which is just as good as my main dish. Definitely worth visiting!!Meh...  Staff was nice but slow and not very aware of guest. Food was just alright for the price.A recent dinner at Mondo proved to be the perfect location for a much-needed dinner date with an old friend and an elevated comfort food experience on a chilly night. The lighting was perfect, the service was spot on (we always had what we needed but never felt crowded), and the food was perfection. We split an order of the succulent and flavorful pork buns and a burger with fries. The Chocolate torte was the perfect end to our night, moist and just sweet and chocolatey enough to not overwhelm. 
My only slight criticism is that we ordered the burger medium just to be on the safe side and it came out a perfect medium rare (exactly what we actually wanted but might have been inedible if we'd ordered it that way).I've tried to like this place.  Outside of having a meal at the bar it's not my favorite.  The menu is very limited and never changes much.  For a Susan Spicer restaurant I'd expect better.Not what I've come to expect from a Susan Spicer restaurant. Went w my mom for lunch. Staff was great. Couldn't have been more pleased with that aspect. But unfortunately the food, well, not so much. We ordered mushroom soup, peppadew shooters, fish tacos & the sirloin steak. Soup was good. Sirloin steak was decent and cooked well to temp. Neither had that Susan Spicer flavor burst! The peppadew shooters were boring and swimming in what I thought was pesto but was a flavorless herb oil. And I do mean OIL.  The fish tacos... Oh the saddest item of all. The tortillas were so cold that I am pretty sure they just opened up the bag and put it on the plate. The fish, I think there was fish. Hard to tell with all of that cabbage. Well all of it was cold. No seasoning at all. There was also rumor of some sort of avocado citrus crema. Results came back and confirmed "that was a lie". Such a grand disappointment.Great quality beef in their delicious burgers, med rare is safe AND recommended here.  Sprouts with bacon? Yes please.I really wanted to like this place and have wanted to try it for a long time but it was just ok.  I had the gulf fish and it was good and my friend had the burger and fries and really liked it.  The thai shrimp and pork  meatball appetizer was very rubbery and bland. I thought it was going to be great and it tasted like something you would eat in a cafeteria.    The service was somewhat slow and not very attentive.  Atmosphere is important to me and this place has a very weird one.  I felt like I was sitting in a basement.  I love the Lakeview area and want it to thrive but this restaurant is just ok, nothing great and I will most likely not go back any time soon.I started with Thai Shrimp and Pork Meatball, those are really good, but i only got 3 bite size wish i had double. Someone else got the Steak Tatar and said it was really good, someone else ordered a Spring roll that had Rabbit and pork i think and that was really good. For my Meal i split the Mondo Burger with Griddled Onions and a Italian Sausage, Rapini, Caramelized Onions, Pecorino pizza. The burger was really good, the onions were perfect, i think my fries were over cooked someone else got fries and there's looked allot lighter in color. The pizza smelled and tasted awesome, only thing it was a little messy, the topping slid off, i know that happens so it didn't bother me. Overall my experience was great i will go again when i am in that area. the service people were really nice and helpful. I guess my only gripe would be the portion size of some snacks or appetizers, i know they are meant to hold you till your food comes but it made me hungry for more since they were so good. lolPretty happy that Mondo is here and doing gangbusters business.  I've long been a fan of Susan Spicer's other restaurant, Bayona.  We had heard the place was popular, and as we drove up, the fact that Harrison Ave resembled a Disneyworld parking lot confirmed this.  The polite hostess informed us as we walked in that the wait could be an hour or more, so we sat at the bar and had a glass of wine.  Turns out we were seated in a comfortable booth 15 minutes later.  
The food was often very good (the pizza, and the roast pork dish) sometimes just OK (the Thai shrimp meatballs) and, just once, inspired headscratching (the fried hominy, which didn''t have enough flavor to really excite.  The hominy was exactly like corn nuts you buy at the 7 Eleven.)  The beignet dessert was truly spectacular.  
Our service was well-meaning and attentive, if a little amateurish.  It's to be expected, as they're just training their staff.  I would always rather a waiter be a little too chatty and attentive -- as ours was -- than nowhere-to-be-found.  
We will definitely go back here.  One huge selling point is the extensive menu, that has so many options it really will please everyone.Tonight was our first time trying Mondo.. THe food and service were excelent.  I expected this to be a very high end and therefore expensive resturaunt, and was surprised to find that the prices were quite reasonable.  For starters I had their twist on deviled eggs (I am a succor for deviled eggs) and they were very good.  We also had a daily special appetizer of flat bread with tomato sauce and mushrooms that was also excelent.  THe pork shoulder dinner that i had was so good and the meat so tender that a knife was not needed.   We will be back at Mondo again to experiance some of their other dishes.  Recomend them 100 percent.Pos system went down and they stopped all food service. Way to improvise and keep the kitchen going. Fail.This restaurant has a great balance of delicious food, fancy atmosphere, and a relaxed neighborhood vibe. The dishes are creative. Each one perfectly crafted for flavor, texture, and color. There is a bit of something for everyone here. The lamb is my favorite. The portions don't look like chain-food steakhouse nonsense. Don't be alarmed, though, there is really enough to share. Trust the menu. Everything is delicious.Loud. Loud. Loud! Medium rare Kobe came out bleeding.  Étouffée was quite good. And the wine list was fun. I've never had a red that was "slapped with leather".  Please realize we went two weeks after Mondo openedThe eggplant and shrimp stirfry is out of this world. A must try. Just remember that it's only on the dinner menu. And that it's $15 vegetarian style, and $21 if you add shrimp. It's truly magnificent. A revelation.As a newish resident to Lakeview, I have tried to experience all my neighborhood has to offer. Lucky for me, I have a Susan Spicer restaurant in my backyard. Mondo has become one of my favorite upscale, casual places in the city. This is a take on a neighborhood restaurant. There is nothing too fancy about the décor, the ambiance, or the food. This is a place to gather with friends and family, laugh and talk too loud, and enjoy good food, cocktails, and company. I love small plates and things to share with the table, so this menu is great for me. I usually get two or three small things and share them with my dining companions. I have split pizzas, burgers, and other entrees with the rest of the table in exchange for tastes of their plates. The bar crowd gets lively and on occasion loud. This is not the restaurant to have a romantic, intimate evening. The first time I went here was with family and a few friends. We had a great time and I mentioned how all the reviews said it was loud, but that I didn't find it that way. My party informed me that it was because we were the loud ones. Overall, Mondo has good food at a good price point and is a great place to gather and enjoy life. Try one of their signature cocktails.THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED.  
We were seated promptly, but thats where the service ended. 
We waited nearly 5min for water. An additional 15mim for our order to be taken. 
We waited some more, and finally was provided with bread service. As a service industry professional...I was a little shocked at the level of service. 
After sitting and waiting for over 45min I asked for a manager. I was in no way rude or huffy. After 5min he approaches, appetizer in hand, saying...."Im sorry, I didn't realize you all where in a rush"  I was shocked, in no way did we imply to our waiter, the hostess, nor the back waiter that we were in a rush. I asked him, politely, if he could check the ticket time. He checks and say, 9 minutes! With a straight face! 
We left without so much as tea and a piece of bread. Im sure they don't care and were not phase, but come on. I expect so much more from a Susan Spicer establishment.Very good! I've eaten there for lunch and dinner several times. There is a variety of dishes as well as addressing  your individual diet needs. I'll be back--often!I frequent this area of Lakeview for dining purposes quite often, and completely ommitted the little building that encompasses Mondo. Boy have I been missing out! I am a self proclaimed bar-fly so I often opt to eat dinner at the bar in most restaurants as opposed to the dining room. The Bar at Mondo does not disappoint. I had a great bartender named Ritchie, who was eager to make me one of his special concoctions as opposed to having me order one of the many specialty cocktails listed on the menu. I am a sucker for some muddled fruit! He made me a great spritzer of muddled cucumber, lime, gin and pineapples. I also had a couple of glasses of wine and topped the night off with BNB- a fuller, more bodied imitation of Grand Marnier. My date and I ate from the Snacks menu...we had the deviled eggs trio, thai pork and shrimp meatballs and a dish called Peppershooters which consisted of Goat Cheese and Peppadews wrapped in Prosciutto. Those were my favorite! The deviled eggs were just ok- I prefer my girlfriends homemade stuffed eggs. My one gripe is that none of the food came out hot. All of the dishes were luke warm, including the cinnamon sugar beignets that we ordered for dessert. That was a little disappointing. But overall, the atmosphere in the bar area exceeded my expectations and the drinks were excellent.The best Chili Rellenos I have ever had in NOLA... period!
I have heard good things about the pizza so I went there for that, but when i saw Chili Rellenos on the menu I had to try them and the were EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had some other stuff (apps, drinks, desserts) but they paled in comparison... the CR was just too good!
PS:  that place is loud!!!!I had a hard time talking my girlfriend into going here--mostly, I think, because we expected it to be overfancy and unremarkable. It doesn't look like much from the outside. We were wrong on all counts. The prices were reasonable, the service was charming, the atmosphere was wonderfully comfortable and most of all, the food was simply outstanding. 
We had a five year old with us who sat and chatted with the pizza chef for over an hour; when we tried to pull her away (fearing she was bothering him) he insisted she was fine. He was incredibly kind and charming. In the end, our pizza crust was too thin, but that was probably the five-year-old's fault. 
The spice profile in many of the dishes, like the gnocchi and the deviled egg plate, was unusual and I loved it. The brussels sprouts were bacon-y and delicious. The chicken was flavorful and perfectly cooked, and the burger was one of the best I've had. And lest I forget, the cocktails were super tasty. We were there with a large party and leftovers got passed around the table until all the plates were clean. What a great place!I'm so sad to have to write a negative review. I absolutely love Bayona and was really looking forward to trying Mondo. 
I will admit that the only thing we had that I knew was a favorite was the steak tartare. We didn't try the burgers or pizza, which I've heard are fantastic. BUT, what we did have was really mediocre. The tartare was just ok, kind of mushy and flavorless. I ordered the pork shoulder with black beans and plantains, which I enjoyed, except a good 1/4 of the hunk of meat was total gristle. My bf had to order 3 times before they actually had what he wanted. He ended up with the gulf fish, which was inedibly salty. And even saying that is a huge deal for me because I LOVE SALT. (Boyfriend doesn't.)
Also, the service was very odd. Our waiter was nice enough, but we had to flag him down for literally everything. I don't think we ended up getting more than one drink because it was too much effort to get our waiter's attention to even bother.
Good things:
- My cocktail was scrumptious. Wish I could have ordered more than one...
- Coming from Uptown, we couldn't believe how spacious the place is!
- My entree was quite tasty, in spite (or because) of the big hunk of fat
I would probably give it another shot, but I'd have to leave the boyfriend at home, who has taken to referring to Chef Spicer as "The Salt Queen of New Orleans"... (He has promised to try Bayona with me, though)Went to Mondo with a couple of friends for some "adult time". 
  We had shrimp and grits, which was actually surprisingly good. The creole sauce was smokey and had a nice wine after tone, the shrimp was blackened and the baby fried onion rings were a nice touch.
   We also had Andioulle gumbo served with 6 crab claws. My friend from California was impressed. He found it flavorful and not overwhelmingly spicy. I had the Thai pork and shrimp meatballs which had a nice spicy  sauce and slivers of cucumber to refresh the palate. I also had the ceviche. It was drenched with lime, I ended up sharing that, not entirely pleasant.
  Overall, a nice dining experience, the place is decorated well and the staff was nice. I'll try another place for fun interesting food somewhere else before going back for more if a meal.Great food but limited menu. I really don't like the fact that you can't make a reservation for a party of less than five. There were only three of us and we waited 20 minutes from salad to entree and the place was half full. But all in all the food is really good.Love it! We come here every now and then for a quick lunch or dinner. Pizzas are fresh and delicious. Dinner items are great (curried cauliflower, anyone?). But the apps and small plates are why we keep coming back - warm gorgonzola, pork buns, meatballs, yum!! Servers are always knowledgable, and I love that I can bring my kids without feeling intrusive. I always recommend this place to foodie friends visiting the Lakeview area.Awesome experience!! My sister and I walked in and were warmly greeted by the host. Our server Brandon was so nice and prompt. We loved the gorgonzola app to start, so good!!! She got the beet salad which was excellent. I had the Banh Mi and it was delicious!! Will be back for sure!!! Fresh ingredients, awesome service and a friendly, inviting atmosphere!! Can't wait to return!An excellent restaurant with a brief but creative menu. Crisp and knowledgeable service fosters a fine dining ambience yet in a very casual setting. 
Particularly enjoyed the Gulf Fish Special of the evening which was a Yucatan Seafood Stew. Sort of a Courtbuillon with firm fish, scallops, and mussels, all served in a fabulously seasoned broth. The dish changes nightly, however, I would imagine. 
Excellent wine selection by the glass, a feature not always available even at higher end restaurants. 
Primarily a place for Lakeview residents who want more than a burger or fried fish, Mondo easily keeps company with the best of New Orleans' contemporary restaurants and could be considered a destination in its own right.Came here very recently with a friend. We shared the steamed buns with pork, which may have been the star of the evening. My duck breast was perfectly cooked with a wonderful crispy skin on it. The supporting cast of fingerlings and creamed spinach was great as well. My friend loved his burger. Staff was attentive and didn't detract from the meal. Overall, very good. I'll be back. Next time, probably for the burger or one of those amazing looking pizzas.I am thoroughly impressed by how good all of the food was as well as the service. I had the slow roasted pork and my wife had the pasta special (fettuccine with mussels).  The appetizer we shared (goat cheese inside pimento wrapped with prosciutto) was delicious as were the desserts (ice cream and date pudding). Our server, Kyle, was courteous, prompt, and knowledgeable. If we had more time to spend in New Orleans we would surely be back!Delicious food, friendly staff, and a wine/cocktail menu that updates regularly. This place is awesome!!!! The food specials change daily do that you know the food is fresh. It's refreshing to have a restaurant in lakeview that isn't your typical 'yat by the lake cuisine. They do to-go's too! Get any pizza to go and enjoy it at home if you don't feel like dining out :)The waiter was very good at his job. Ordered his recommendation of pork shoulder and the blue cheese wedge salad. Salad was the best I've ever had. The blue cheese was fresh and awesome!   The pork shoulder was so tender it pretty much fell apart on my plate and was delicious. I will definitely be back!!!Great place for brunch.
Strong bellinis and a lot of diversity on the menu... I do wish they had crepes on the menu. I mean, it's New Orleans! 
Enjoy,
Isaac.Mondo was a waste of time! From over bearing noise to the overly salted or bland food it was not worth the trip. Service was wonderful but the food was sub standard for a Susan Spicer place. We LOVE Bayona so we went with high expectations only to have them crushed. Oh well live and learn I guess, and to think it's been nominated for a James Beard award. I guess they have never been there when it was busy and not been able to hold a conversation at the table without yelling to be heard. So lesson learned, we'll go back to Bayona from now on.Susan Spicer made the restaurant she always wanted in her neighborhood around the corner from her house. Coincidentally, it is the restaurant most people would like around the corner from their houses. Great food, creative appetizers, and the best pizza crust in the city (the rest of the pizza ain't bad either).Highlights were the shrimp and pork meatballs on the lemongrass skewers and creamy crab toast. The breaded artichoke was pretty boring and awfully stringy but the lemon aioli was a bright spot. The steak tartare was fine but there was so much caper and pepper and so on that it detracted from the beef. If there was actually even any beef at all, I'm not sure. I'm kicking myself for not trying to soup of the day, a hot and sour soup with duck dumplings.
My dinner was perfectly passable, fish "Muddy Waters" (which is a meuniere with jalapeno and anchovy) with roasted potatoes, except I didn't care for the fish of the day...tripletail.  I usually hate five-spice powder but T's Chinese duck was very tasty, if a little small, as was the accompanying turnip cake. C. got a steak with bearnaise and OOOOH, I cannot get enough of tarragon lately. I don't even know how the steak was because I focused on those lovely, licorice-like, grassy bits of tarragon in the sauce. E.got a lovely lamb with ricotta agnolloti that might be what I order next time I'm in. 
For dessert, lemon tart, coconut sorbet and sweet potato-pecan pie with almond-sherry ice cream. Sorbet (good) lemon tart (uh, lemony?) sweet-potato pecan pie with ice cream was STELLAR. I really liked the ice cream, the sherry complemented the almond so well and the almonds tasted deep and toasty.
All in all, a very nice meal, although we wanted a perhaps finer dining experience than they offer. We were looking for some port or sherry after dinner, no such luck.   Anyway, next time I'll forgo the high-brow meal experience and sit at the bar with a glass of wine and a pizza from the wood-burning oven. Oh, and those meatballs!d3 stars because I've had really great experiences here and then really bad experiences here. The cocktails are consistently well prepared. I wish I could say the same for the food.We are long time regulars who admittedly took a break when the last chef really wasn't working out.  He was replaced and the new person has worked hard to bring the restaurant back to what it was when Susan started it.  Well, we're please to announced he's arrived.  Our last two meals have really been as good as they've ever been (maybe even better.)   It's taken awhile, and things can still be a bit irregular, but it's all SOOO MUCH BETTER than it was for a time.  We'll be back.  A lot!We stopped here after getting into New Orleans and realizing we were starving!  We sat at the bar and ordered a few little apps/tapas: Brussels sprouts, broccoli, patatas bravas, and the lamb ragu special.  All of the sides had different delicious sauces.  Our server (the bartender) was present but not pushy, and friendly with everyone.  Great atmosphere.  We've been for brunch before, and I remember it being very good.Good service and maybe they are taking a healthy approach  ... But the food was very bland... Brunch? No brunch... The restaurant describes themselves as world cuisine and creole food ... But I think not!Stopped by for a bit of quality food after a long day at Jazz Fest. Place was slammed but wait of 30 minutes was not an issue.
One of the specials was grilled hanger steak with grilled asparagus, herbed potato wedges, and blue cheese mornay sauce. I asked for medium rare and the steak came out slightly charred on the outside and juicy hot pink on the inside. Excellent. 
The asparagus was grilled very well; al dente and well seasoned. Potatoes were nicely seasoned and just the right amount of doneness. 
The others in the party all opted for the wood fired pizza with various toppings. All raved and I sampled a small section of the crust. Dang! Very good. 
Lastly, Mondo has the best beer fridge in town. Always very cold as nature would have it.Unfortunately, had a really bad experience dining here with a large group.  The waiter was the worst, and throughout all the mishaps, and mistakes, he was not in the least  bit apologetic, or even seemed to give a rat's a$$ !  Could not  answer questions adequately when asked about menu items, orders were incorrect, and overall it was not an enjoyable dining experience.  Did talk to the manager, who appeared to not be surprised about it, and was not all that apologetic, and did not offer any kind of compensation, or explanation.  Good food, crummy service, don't bother!Went here for brunch. Nice place, cute decor. 
I ordered the two eggs, andouille, and grits. Over all the dish was very flavorful. My dinning companion ordered the Huevos Rancheros. She said it was very flavorful, although in appearance it was more a tostada. 
Our only problem, was the services- so slow.I love this place. Especially the stuffed pepper appetizer (that's not the exact name but that's what they are essentially), they are amazing. Drinks are solid and great happy hour.Had dinner with wife and friends last night. The food was excellent as we had come to expect. However our server was inattentive. We had to get her attention in order to get refills on drinks. One drink was not satisfactory and we asked to have another, our server then tried to explain how that was just how Mondo makes their Long Island Ice Teas. I had to insist that a different drink be poured and brought to the table. Mondo has excellent food and we recommend it to our friends. Service just not up to the standard we have come to expect at Mondo.I really want to like this place because I love Bayona, but after two visits I have to give it two stars. The menu is uninspired, the food is only so-so (I had to send my fish back on one occasion because it was a far cry from fresh) and the service is pretty dopey. Why can't there be any good eats on Harrison Ave?!?I've been to Mondo many times since Chef Susan Spicer opened this great restaurant less than a mile from my home. Why do I keep coming back? The fact that it's less than a mile from my home is second to the perfectly priced entrees, yummy cocktails, and ever growing menu.  Did I mention the delightful snacks and appetizer menu? That's right - they have both. Deviled Eggs that progress from mom's style to avocado to curry. The perfectly fried eggplant comes with super light and crave-able lemon aioli. Awesome iceberg wedge with bleu cheese dressing and bacon. 
And don't get me started on the best steak and frites in town. Served with fresh cut fries, the Kobe beef flank is perfectly cooked and sliced before being put on your plate and drizzled with made-to-order bernaise. I typically order mine medium rare and most recently ordered it medium. Both cooking temps were equally delicious. Peppermint cake at Christmas time rounded out a few holiday celebratory dinners quite nicely. 
The prices are a great value. My beloved steak is a great value at $21 and is the most expensive item on the menu. Granted it's easy to get carried away with apps and cocktails... you'll still feel like you got a good value for your money.
Added bonus: open late-ish for Lakeview (10:30) on weekends, so you'll feel very welcome stopping in after a movie or other evening activities.had the fried chicken liver blt, forgot i don't like chicken livers
friend had the burger and fries, looked pretty good but didn't taste it. was voted one of best burgers in new orleans by new orleans magazine (pretty legitimate local source)
pizza friend ordered was pretty good
changing table available in bathroom and bench available to put babyEnjoyed my appetizer, enjoyed my desert but I did NOT like my dinner.  I ordered the pork shoulder and it was so tough that I left it on the plate.  I probably should have complained but I just wasn't in the mood.  Plus, I think when a waiter picks up a plate where the diner hasn't eaten the main course....they should ask what was wrong.  ...but that's just me!
The restaurant itself was really cute and I'll definitely try it at least one more time for good measure.Mondo should change its name to MUNDANE! Restaurant is terribly hot and uncomfortable. Not even drinking cocktails in the bar while we waited helped that. Yet after waiting in the bar, you are escorted back the even hotter and noisier dining area (which needs to be scaled down and converted into more kitchen space). After waiting 1 1/2 hours in the bar one would think that the waitress would take your order or perhaps bring us some bread, but instead we waited  for 1/2 hour before we saw a single (yes single) slice of bread. Finally our appetizers arrived. The tomato salad and cerviche were good, but the fried eggplant was over-cooked mushed that was overpowered by an excessively lemoned aioli sauce. After another 30 minutes our entrees trickled out one AFTER the literally minutes apart. I like Tim G. had the pygmy lamb which had o.k. flavor, but literally was the size of an amuse bouche with mismatched ravioli. The Etouffee had no seasoning and the Kobe steak was served undercooked. We attempted to send it back, but all we got was the same cut literally microwaved and sent back out. They whole thing had no pink and just brown throughout . I was shocked, definitely the sign of an inexperienced kitchen or perhaps the "World Flavor" they are going for at Mondo is "famine". Sadly we weren't even offered a comp showing that the wait staff was almost as inexperienced as the kitchen. My recommendation would be to shrink the menu to a few good dishes and cut down the dining space so the customers can actually be served. My experience has been more common than one would think and I am sorry to say that if Mondo were to close, this is one case that could not be blamed on BP.Great food! Try the duck confit and the steak tartare.ok so I love chef Susan Spicer because she is a a huge supporter of the Gulf Restoration Network and every year provides Mondo as the place to host the annual GRN fundraiser. The food she serves at this fundraiser is AWESOME. Unfortunately Chef is better at cooking for private events, because it is twice now I have been seriously disappointed with my meal at Mondo. 
Last night me and my boyfriend started with the ceviche and guacamole. It was good but underwhelming. Only the tinniest little dollop of guacamole and not even enough chips to pick up all of the ceviche. Then it took 45 minutes to get our main course! I was starving by the time it go to us. Then to our disappointment the pork belly my boyfriend ordered was SO over cooked that it was inedible! All of the flavor had been cooked out of it and it was so tough it was impossible to chew.  Pork belly should melt in your mouth, not cause you to gag. We told the waiter it was way over cooked and he offered to get us another but we just really didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for something that they obviously have no idea how to cook. 
Anyway my slow roasted pork shoulder was good as usual, and the cinnamon beignets were also really light and fabulous. They sent out some homemade lemon ice cream to apologize for the pork belly but unfortunately I don't think it was enough to make me return. 
The time before that we were also disappointed with our meal. I don't remember everything we got but I do remember the pizza we got was soggy and nasty and not crisp at all. Either they will over cook the crap out of food or not cook it enough... Anyway, I have no desire to return and eat an expensive improperly cooked meal here ever again.A lakeside Susan Spicer venue.   Great local flair or haunt.  Menu is well balanced.  I recommend one sticks to the seafood selections or flat breads. Pork shoulder is killer.   Staff always on top of Theo game.   Love this placeMondo is a great atmosphere & wide range of wines & appetizers. The melted gorgonzola in cast iron skillet of phenominal. A lot of great & tasty options for startes, along with a nice variety of entrees. Plus the pizzas are darn good.Food: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Food was great, the thai shrimp and pork meatballs were delicious (although, 3 came to a serving .. EVEN SERVINGS FOR EQUAL SHARING PLEASE!!!)
Pork shoulder was so tender and so delicious - I wish they would've said something about crumbling bleu cheese on it .. NOT EVERYONE LIKES CHEESE!
Flank steak was good, they give you tons of fries with 6 thinly sliced steaks. 
The service was awful, well, I can't speak for the enter staff because it was just OUR waitress. It took her 10 minutes to take our drink order and ran away before we could even tell her we were ready to order. Took 30+ minutes for our food to come out. There was another waitor that actually saved our whole experience. He would see us sitting there and would run to tell our waitress that we were bored and ready for the check or even a refill on the water. 
Overall, the experience was good. Especially since Susan Spicer was actually there walking around to the tables greeting everyone.Must visit in Lakeview great cocktail menu wide variety of food from small plates to entrées.Found this restaraunt to be very average. Had the burger on recommendation from a few reviews and would rather got to Houstons or Zeas for a burger. My daughter had a pizza and it reminded me of the ones my sister used to make from biscuit dough. Way too expensive for the very average food. This may be the hapening place to go in Lake View but I won't be there to eat.After being a do-gooder at the American Cancer Society's Belles & Beaus Patron party, my group headed over to Mondo for drinks and dinner.
I don't know why Mondo falls off my radar because I have had consistently great experiences there.  The food is really good, the service is great, and the price is right (on most items).  
We decided to sit in the bar area.  Even though our group was big, and loud, etc. our waitress handled us with ease and gave us great service.
I started off with the Warm Gorgonzola Cheese with ciabatta toast, mostarda and toasted nuts.  I get this every single time I go there.  How can you really go wrong with this? You can't. It's amazing.  On this trip though, it seemed like it was much less cheese than it normally is.  It rings in at $8.50
For my entrée, I had the burger.  I'm hard to please when it comes to burgers, and Mondo makes a great burger.  I asked for medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  I topped it with gruyere and bacon adding to the deliciousness.  Their fries are also really good.  With the additions of the cheese and bacon, this burger with fries rung in at $17!!!!  While I find MOST of Mondo's prices to be very reasonable, I think $17 for a burger is RIDICULOUS.  There is just no reason to charge $3 to add bacon.  That bacon had better come from one damn charming pig.   I didn't even look at the menu before I ordered it, or I wouldn't have.  
A friend and I also split a bottle of wine that was in the high $30s.  It was very good and it was one that I'd had before, but the name escapes me right now.
All in all, I'd give Mondo high marks for this visit with my only complaint being the cost of the burger.Great  atmosphere. This was my first time   I had the pastrami on rye and it was very good. Perfect portion. Our server was good and attentive and explained the menu. 
My only issue was the host took his time to set up a table when there were tables set. I realize that there is a rotation but at the very least explain that before slowly setting a tableMy only wish is that I had checked out this place sooner. It rocks on various levels. This restaurant is owned by Susan Spicer who was one of the owners of Herbsaint and the chef at Bayona. She has definitely created a place that puts her in a category all by herself. 
 It is located in the Lakeview area and is in a small strip mall with a few other businesses. Parking is tight and construction makes the trip even more regretful, but the food, ambiance and service make up for every bit of it. 
When you first enter the restaurant, you walk past the bar area to the hostess desk. The decor consists of some light colors with a contemporary and clean feel. The restaurant area offers a few different seating options  including, raised booths with a window view. We chose the outdoor booth as to have a up close view and sun without the feel of the 93 temperature outside. 
I had the thai shrimp and pork meatballs as an appetizer and the Mondo Burger with sweet potato fries. Before you start judging, know that I would travel the world for an awesome burger and I heard great things about the Mondo Burger. It was so good that I closed my eyes and could almost remember its taste. My cousin had some type of corn soup and the pasta of the day. Her pasta had fresh veggies and crab meat. She was nice enough to let me taste some of it. I would be torn between the awesome burger and this pasta if it were offered again. 
There were also featured drinks. My cousin had the white sangria and a root beer float. I opted for a glass of Prosecco. 
If my review is not written well enough, I would suggest you still head over and check this place out. You will love it too.