Great views and atmosphere, friendly staff and good small plates. Limited menu, but I ordered the small Po boys and they were very goodNice rooftop bar with a good view and some decent drinks. Just a cool little spot to hang out for a little bit before you go somewhere else. And they have Belvini  which is a plusWe stayed in The Troubador and went up to Check out the Monkey Board on the 17th floor. GREAT view of the city with nearly 360 degree view. Great outdoor seating and was a perfect weather night when we went up. 
We didn't get any food but the old fashion was good and it was a cool place to have a drink and take in some views and chill. Plenty of comfortable seating to enjoy the music and drinks.Very nice atmosphere limited food menu drinks nice . Broad age range , DJ ended at midnight on a Saturday ... that was strange but overall i would return.Wow I loved this place!  I am a rooftop fanatic though so maybe that's why.  The rooftop bar was gorgeous with beautiful views of NOLA.  The cocktail selection could have been a bit more extensive... they were actually out of the main ingredient for the only cocktail that really appealed to me on the menu... bummer.  I still enjoyed the experience and a different cocktail that wasn't so impressive.I was expecting great service from them when I got there. The bartender overlooked us and there were 4. When we requested a song for our friends bday they said we hey would play a song and they never did. When I tried to request again they said they were closing the bar and the last song was already playing. Come to find out they play 5 other songs. This is the worst service I've ever seen and I don't post about bad experiences.This was my first time stopping here. I had very high expectations for this rooftop bar because a few of my friends frequent here. I'll start with positives first: amazing rooftop view of the city, cool design and graffiti wall, great band playing and friendly staff. Now when it came to ordering I had the Swift Carriage as my drink and Fried Chicken Sandwich. The drink was pretty good! The chicken sandwich on the other hand was the complete opposite. The chicken itself looked smaller than all the other photos I've looked at via app and oddly colored. I took a bite and it tasted strange, I cut it open and it was kind of grey on top and looked processed. I got the waitress, showed her the meat and she said it wasn't a problem to get another piece of chicken. The new piece comes out, with the old piece still on the tray, I cut it open and it looked exactly the same. Needless to say I didn't eat it and it wasn't worth the menu price. I was disappointed because I had such high hopes for this cool place. I don't know if that is how the chicken always is and so many people were up there ordering it but I'll never order it again. I DO recommend this place if you want a cocktail and great view of the city! ~Such a cool spot! We were looking for a cool rooftop bar, and expected it to be just one story high. But the view was beautiful! A bit windy, but such pretty lights and seating!Came here for the first time and was very disappointed.  I frequent Thompson hotels regularly and this bar did not meet my expectations.  It took about 8 minutes for the bartender to address me and by the time she finally came we asked for a drink that was on the cocktail list and then she proceeded to tell us that they were out of the sangria and every cocktail on the list.  Now I understand that it has been open for a month but seriously how are you out of every cocktail on your list.  Maybe you shouldn't have any of the cocktails on your list if you run out of everything on it. The fact that a mixologist created the cocktail list is worthless as you cannot produce the cocktails.  So since we could not order any cocktails on the menu we asked for Tito's and soda and to our surprise they do not carry Tito's.  This really became a disappointment as I have not been to a bar that does not have Tito's.  Hopefully this bar can improve in the next few months since it is new but they do have a long way to go if they are going to be considered on the same level as Thompson Chicago, The Hall in South Beach, and the former Thompson Miami Beach.  And lastly to the girl bartender, a neat drink means no rocks which she proceeded to screw up by adding ice to my scotch.Nice rooftop bar with a great view of downtown New Orleans! I went on a Sunday night around 9pm to kick off my birthday. There wasn't really a crowd, but I was told their busy nights are Thurs, Fri, Sat (as expected). The drinks were strong and good. I knocked over our 1st set of drinks (being clumsy) before we even took a sip, and the staff was kind enough to bring us a 2nd round free. I enjoyed our time there. It's definitely worth the visit.A great rooftop bar in New Orleans. Panoramic views of the city, great drinks and food, and music acts almost every evening. This is the perfect place to visit if you want to go beyond the typical tourist and nightlife spots in the New Orleans.This is a cool and happening place! This rooftop place is a gem! The laid back atmosphere with the cool vibes of the DJ creates a relaxing place! The seating arrangements with the pillows and the gazebos makes the environment as an intimate place to hang out!Was staying at the Troubadour so naturally had to check its rooftop out.  I was extremely disappointed by the service.  My friends and I were there mid-afternoon and there were probably a handful of other patrons, but it took FOREVER to get a drink.  The bartenders somehow did not notice that we were desperately parched - even tried to flag them down a couple of times.  I understand if the place was packed, but there was no excuse for the delay.  A bit surprised to see near NYC prices for the drinks, but I guess we're paying for the "view."  I do have to give it to them on the decor of the space, very laid back and casual, with couches.  Believe there was food truck like apps, but didn't have a chance to try those.So glad we found this rooftop! Gorgeous venue with a bar and Dj upstairs. Also couches and sections were available to lounge. 
The only downside was the DJ was a bit off. Weird transitions between uptempo and slow songs. And also why are we playing slow songs after midnight? Before 1 it's hip hop and then I hear after is house. I left in between but I wouldn't make this the last stop of your night.I had a really good time while visiting Monkey Board during my stay at The Troubador Hotel last month.  Troy, the hostess/waitress/maker of pretzels was super sweet and welcoming from the second I stepped on the roof (even if my arrival was an accident from an out of control elevator).  I visited only during the week, which was not very lively or busy.  
Troy encouraged me to come back another day.  And I did!  I came back on a Wednesday night.  Again it was not very busy but I stuck around to enjoy the roof.  Even though Troy was really busy, again she was very welcoming!  I saw her making pretzels along with the cook, so it made me want to order one.  OMG!  Best pretzel I've ever had!  So light, fluffy and buttery and paired well with beer battered cheese.  I think the initial container that they give you with the cheese is too small, so I did have to ask for a refill but that's fine.
Their happy hour specials aren't great.  I think $1-$2 off beer.  Great views of the city, but a place you can probably enjoy anytime.Rooftop bar/restaurant on top the Troubadour Hotel.
The bar is open daily with a DJ playing Tuesday through Sunday. There is bar seating and a variety of table and couch seating. Tip: If you move from the bar to other seating you must close out your tab and open a new one with the table waitress.
The drink menu is small but they have some good choices. My favorite was the "I love you Honeybear" which was a vodka drink with a honey flavor. They also offer beer and wine.
The food selection is extremely small. I had the pork sandwich which was ok. The giant pretzel with cheese sauce however was delicious.
Lastly, the views of the New Orleans skyline are amazing.Best happy hour ever! Food is pretty delish and it was half price when we went after work. The chicken sandwich was amazing. Great beers on tap, too!If I could give this place zero stars I would. Before tonight I would have given them 5 stars but tonight the hosts told me that I was not allowed to wear a hat or flip flops. This rule was never in effect before tonight and it seemed very discriminating. I go to monkey board all the time and even was one of their FIRST customers the day they opened. The hostess at the door was rude and power hungry which was turning everyone off. That was very unprofessional and for that I give them 0 stars.Nice setting but service while sitting at the bar is terrible.   If you're in the customer service business you should have professionalism to make eye contact and greet the customer and offer service.   I was there last night about 6 (not too busy) and the staff ignored me for 15 minutes.Horrible experience I went today  Tuesday August 7 for happy hour the bartender was more pending of her friend seating at the bar than she taking care of her costumer she didn't talk to any costumer at the bar beside her friend that looked like she just got off work and went to seat to her bar for water .  I don't know the bartender name because she didn't have a name tag but she is African American girl with long hair . Brownish hair. Anyhow that's no everything, I know is hot outside  but she was wiping her sweat under her bra with a napkin in front of costumer and no washing her hands and making drink. Really unacceptable. Then I ordered food chicken wings and the  fried chicken sandwich. I asked for ranch for the chicken wings and he said they didn't have . Really? No ranch!!!  He didn't even bother to try to find some, Anyhow.  This place has a lot potencial and they can do more than what they do.Thank goodness for the pretzel, good weather and music because the wine was hot and service was slow.  Disappointing that they were "out of prosecco" only to have found a bottle elsewhere when we were leaving. Rethink hiring more staff and drop the food truck mentality. You have an incredible atmosphere but need to match it with your food and drink options.Great sunsets and beers here. Ian the bartender is awesome and they have a great assortment of beer. Spent quite a few hours here on our last night in NOLA and will be coming back. The white bean queso was very good and they give you more than enough chips.  When I am back in town I will be coming back here.READ!! INSANE AND DISRESPECTFUL COCKTAIL WAITRESS! I went to Monkey Board for the first and ONLY time with a group. This waitress approaches the table and starts talking to my friend who she had recognized from a previous night. The waitress accused my friend of being 'rude' 'mean' and 'giving her a hard time' the last time she was there. She was so over-the-top we thought she was just joking at first, but we were wrong, she was NOT joking. Now we were all kinda just sitting there in shock by how AGGRESSIVE this girl was. My friend KEPT REPEATEDLY trying to explain that it wasn't actually her being rude, it was a large group and she wasn't one of the ones giving her a hard time. But the waitress kept cutting her off mid-sentence and saying stuff like "No I never forget!" "You didn't tip me" etc. She was standing extremely close to my friend, in her face, basically hovering over her, (my friend was seated) and had a very aggressive tone and aggressive mannerisms. It was to the point that another girl who was there actually got up and left the table. I honestly thought this was going to become physical, because on a scale of 1 - 10, with 1 being a disagreement and 10 being a physical fight, this girl was 9.5. She was EXTREMELY hostile. And me and another girl were just looking at her in disbelief and she was even addressing us when we had nothing to do with it in a strange sarcastic patronizing way like "Heeey Friieeends" as if to pretend she was being nice or something. It was just crazy. I could go on with more details like the fact that someone who knew her even tried to pull her away or the fact that she told my friend "Oh yeah, what chu was gonna do!?" when my friend was TRYING to say something. Like I said she kept cutting her off. Even afterward when FINALLY she stopped that intense long conversation, she bothered someone else from our group for ordering from the bar instead of from her. I mean it was just uncomfortable every time one of us had to pass her or speak with her. She made it extremely awkward. Anyway, the BOTTOM LINE is that this chick was CRAZY AND HOSTILE LIKE A SAVAGE and the management did NOTHING about it. N.O.T.H.I.N.G. The Management basically took their employee's side and didn't even make her offer an apology or offer a free drink or dinner after my friend was all but assaulted by their insane, emotionally disturbed employee. I understand that companies hire people not knowing every action they will take, but if an employee is THAT disrespectful for THAT long (the conversation was at least 15 minutes, maybe more) then management should do SOMETHING. Even if the girl was not fired, she should have been made to apologize or SOMETHING! ANYTHING! That was my first and only visit to that bar! 
-Thanks for reading, 
P.S. Don't go to Monkey Board.Must visit their rooftop! Great ambiance, great drinks, great music! Definitely a cool place to Meet up with a group of friends after work. I wish they had more food options, but the options they had were pretty decent. I ordered the chicken sandwich which was actually pretty good. The slushy machine was down when I visited but I did try their gin frozen drink and it was BOMB. I'll definitely go back just to have that drink again if nothing else! 
My advice-- throw some more food on the menu! :-)Had a great time! Really laid back vibe. Great drinks. It stated raining and the staff moved tables for us to get out of the rain. Karbo and John Michael were very down to earth!Three shots of tequila and two beers in happy hour it was 52.50 dlls.    Seriously overpriced!A good friend of ours said this place was going to be a treat.  And of course, our friend didn't let us down!  The view is breathtaking and the music is definitely for someone in their 30s.  We met her for 2:30 and although it was a little warm/humid, we still had a great time. 
Misting fans and more canopies would be wonderful for those of us who want to visit during sunny hours.  But it was still a great time, because we meshed with all walks of life to have a festive time to take pictures and share our birthday cake! 
From the time we entered the building until we exited on the elevator, the staff was city-friendly and made us feel like we were very welcome.  
We'll be back!Trendy furniture and ambiance. Service was super friendly and welcoming! Went in on 6pm on a Tuesday and they had a killer background DJ, I'm sure people love to move about on the rooftop when the sun goes down. 
SMALL food menu but creative and original drinks. The three of us got;
Shrimp Salad Roll : 3
Grilled Pork Sandwich : 2
Fried Chicken Sandwich : 4.5
Michelada Nueva cocktail : 1 (It was horrible. Smokey and bitter) 
(Nothing comes with a side. Sandwich only)
I give Monkey Board a 4 star rating for the view and ambiance of the location.Cool spot! Love the dj but the food was mediocre. We ordered the chicken sandwich and the veggie sandwich. Not too much to choose from. Eh.. drinks were pretty good. Nice selection. Nice date spot or place to talk and hang with friends with an awesome view!Burger was undercooked and made me sick. I couldn't shallow one bite! What a waste! Lobster dog was cold and gross. Not pleasedTerrible service at the bar. At least a 15 minute wait with no smiles from staff. Terrible. Just terriblePretty cool place. Nice strong drinks. I suggest to come early ( before 5 on a nice were out if you have a group.) I wouldn't order any of the snacks again because they are pretty over priced and not so tasty. Overall go for the drinks and ambiance.Came here for a break from the French Quarter on  a trip to NOLA and am glad I did!  The views were very nice and they offer a variety of relaxing seating options.  We arrived around 4 pm after a late brunch and caught a few cocktails and a warm breeze.  I had the frozen drink of the day which seemed like a concoction of something citrus with hints of pineapple maybe?  Nevertheless it was really good.  The waitress was friendly and very attentive, the crowd was mixed and they had a high turnover so we had the chance to do a lot of people watching.  On one side we saw a game of heads up and on the other side a group of girls celebrating a 21st birthday.  No one was rowdy but the vibe was definitely lively. My only regret was coming too full from brunch to try the birthday cake dessert!I want to tell you about my experience at Monkey Board rooftop and one of the worst bartender I have ever met...she was very rude, disrespectful and unprofessional...
I tried to get Shelley attention to alert her that someone was getting sick and if i can get a cup ice and water...
She told me that do not touch her and step away from the bar.  she ignored my request and  i had to asked one of her co-worker if he can help me out...he was able to give me a cup of ice and pointed me to the water station...
My recommendation is that All situation doesn't call for rudeness and being unprofessional...please retrained your staff on customer services and professionalismThe juice wasn't worth the squeeze. By the time you park, wait in the hot/stuffy lower bar in uncomfortable chairs, wait for the elevator (no clue why an elevator would take so long...) cram into an elevator with 10 other people, it just isn't worth the effort. The view is nice once you get up top, but it is not so amazing that if put myself through that again. I didn't risk trying any of their bar bites because you could smell the old grease when you walked by the little kitchen window.Bathroom smells like fried chicken. Hot as hell. Crowded. Ridiculous dress code. Won't let guys in with Sandals after 9 pm.This new hip rooftop bar located atop the Troubador hotel, was a great place for us to hang out and enjoy. We had been to a number of rooftop bars, the Omni Royale as well as the Catahoula (in fact our server told us about this place) and they were all fine, but the Monkey Board has the BEST view of New Orleans West of Canal. 
We enjoyed our server and his light banter. You could tell he enjoyed what he did.  There was some confusion at the bar, as the menu did not match what was on tap, but I was able to find something I liked. The wife enjoyed her drink, and we found a nice place out of the sun and proceeded to watch a wedding party drink their beer cans and made nice conversation with them. 
The wedding party ordered food and it looked amazing. They also had a nice cake prepared up on the roof. We did not go there for the food, having eaten at the Catahoula rooftop, but we had a great time at the Monkey Board and will be returning. It is the best rooftop bar we have found in New Orleans!This place is pretty new to the area and I'm sooooo happy we checked it out! It's on the rooftop of the Troubadour Hotel! I don't even know where to start. There's one long bar with two seating areas on the left and right sides. THE VIEWS are amazing. I felt as if I was back in LA or Miami with these killer views. We don't have many rooftops here so this place really is a place to check out!
Some areas were heated, which was nice because it was a bit chilly outside. This is just a great hangout with friends or even as a date night. They have a small selection of bar food to choose from. The food was mediocre, but that's not why I came here. It's the late night vibes you get from this place. They even have a cute light up sign where you can take pictures. The wall graffiti goes perfectly with the new orleans atmosphere, kuddos! 
Overall, the atmosphere was amazing and our service was great as well! I would recommend this place to anyone!!!My co-workers (really large group) and I decide on this place because of the view... we should have read the reviews first.  The staff is rude. No other way to describe our experience. The bar tender was not friendly and instead of tell people they'd  would be right with them, they ignored the people waiting for assistance. 
If this was a one person complaint, I wouldn't have commented however at least 6 different people in our group expressed the same sentiment regarding their experience from that night. 
We won't be back.Subpar menu, subpar service. Manager was rude. Bartender was worse. Good views that is all.Great rooftop bar! Music and food were definitely on point! Great view of the city! Will definitely come back and visit!Came for a drink and possibly appetizers. Red wine was warm and served in an opaque white plastic cups. Very low energy. Didn't have any food.Great little happy hour spot! 
French 75's for $6?! & a rooftop view of the city?! SOLD!Great atmosphere but the red solo cups served for over priced wine and drinks is too much. DJ is good and makes the vibe super chill. The wait to get up here was not worth my time.Good drink selection, poor food choices. More of a bar and hang out spot than a restaurant. Food was decent, but there were only 5 items on the menu. The pretzels were burnt and the roasted veggie sandwich was cold. Overall, would come here for drinks and a good sunset view, but would not come for dinner.Unfortunately the only bad experience I've ever had in New Orleans. Our waitress was well-meaning, but comically incompetent. At her recommendation we had a cocktail that tasted like cleaner fluid and was barely drinkable. Afterwards, she and I discussed the "lobster dog," which I eventually decided to order. After 30 minutes, she brought me a pretzel. When I finally was able to flag her down (even though it wasn't busy at all) she apologized and brought me a lobster dog, which was completely different than how she had described. My friend and I both disliked our food. In an effort to turn the night around, we asked to order a bottle of Grenache (standard red wine) which our waitress said they did not sell. Instead she brought us three glasses of the Grenache. However, it was definitely not Grenache, and instead some icey/slushee grape juice. I didn't even know this was possible and we returned immediately. She offered to bring us a bottle (but they didn't sell bottles?) We declined in an effort to get out as soon as possible. 
Our waitress kindly took off the lobster dog from our bill but the overall experience was so poor I have to warn other people. I have no interest in returning-- the view is not good enough for the unpleasantness of their food/ cocktails and overall inefficiency and unfortunately even the music (good local band though) was too loud to talk during. The place needs a lot of TLC if they want it to be somewhere locals go.I think that I am becoming somewhat obsessed with all of the rooftop bars that New Orleans has to offer. At this time last year, we didn't even have one and now we have three! I am hoping that this trend continues.
Monkey Board is located at the top of the new Troubador hotel and talk about fancy! Not only do you get a gorgeous view of the city, but there is a lot of space for lounging, fancy sofas and chairs, an outdoor bar area and food! I will say that while the roof top bar at The Pontchartrain will always have my heart, Monkey Board is probably the perfect spot for those of you who enjoy day drinking with a view. There's no fighting for space and there's no having to go in and out for drinks. Everything is at your fingertips.
On the night we were here we enjoyed a couple of cocktails but we didn't end up staying very long because New Orleans weather is weird- warm one minute, cool the next. Alas, the chilly breeze got the best of us after a while and we had to call it a night. I am definitely making plans to go back when it's a bit warmer and maybe even try some of the food. I would call this one of the more romantic spots in the city and look forward to having many a date night here with the man.So it was my 51st birthday. After having dinner in the French Quarter at Muriel's with my husband  (excellent by the way), we decided to have a drink here on our way home. We were declined by some young employee because I was carrying in my leftovers in a plastic bag from dinner. Really? No worries, now this is what you will get. A bad review. Thanks for ending my birthday on a sour note.  Please work on your customer service.  We were approached by 4-5 employees on our way up and even the elevator lady and another employee were like "what, really" on on way back down the elevator. Again, shame on you!Cool rooftop with a decent view of the CBD. Long wait for a drink but the drink prices are reasonable.We had a company happy hour here and Tabitha and her crew went out of their way to make sure we were had a great time. Great views, good food, friendly staff and yummy drinks? We'll be back!Pretty cool place. Probably going to go back s little later in the evening once all the lights are turned on. Moderately priced drinksGreat place. Awesome view. Totally recommend and drinks are very good too:) 
Perfect for a girls night.Sporting my $200 Jack Rogers sandals to the Monkey Board with my friends from NC. The bouncer would not let in our group because of my sandals... Really!!? Going to take my fancy sandals and credit card to other bars. The whole squad will not be back.Great views! We got there a little before closing time on Saturday night and there was plenty of seating available. The drinks are average price for the area, but we didn't try any of the food. The bathrooms were absolutely disgusting though, trash and toilet paper everywhere. Hopefully it's not always like that, but I'd happily come back for the happy and a sunset view.Views are amazing!!! Is a great artsy spot in NOLA!! Stumbled upon this place from a friend. Has great drink menu, only downfall is they don't have a very full food menu but other than that this place is amazing!! Will definitely be a frequent visitor.You may encounter some devoid-of-personality hipster attitude from a bartender (we did anyway), but this place is AWEsome!! It offers amazing views, cool music and chic seating groups. It's a fantastic spot to watch the sun set over the Superdome. We will come here every visit to Nola from now on, shitty attitudes not withstanding. Cool cool cool!You know why it's called a monkey board?? No? I didn't either. It's apparently a part of an oil rig where the men "trip pipe" from. Ok, that's a really bad definition, but ask one of the staff, and they can further explain. I wasn't really sure how to feel about the name--so I just pretend it's a place to "monkey around"...
EPIC ROOFTOP BAR!! Love the views, love the vibe... I spent a very short amount of time here and ordered a very generic drink (beer), so I will have to update this review soon. 
In the meantime, great spot for happy hour or some day drinking ;)Food/Drinks-4
Ambience-4.5
Service-5
Me and my friends decided to go out for drinks, and we picked the PERFECT night to go out. At first, we thought it was going to be a bust because the crowd was a little bit older than we expected. But, I'm so glad we stayed! They gave everyone a choice of a free drink, and we got a free beer because there was a Coor's representative there! The drinks were good and strong, despite it being free! I also had my signature drink--a mojito, of course! (A little bit overpriced, if I might add.) It's such a cute little place to hang, and the DJ was doing a good job as well. Turns out that all the people that were around our age were hanging out on the other side next to the DJ. Service was good, and I knocked a star down because the chicken looked unappetizing and the pretzels were overpriced. I'll definitely be back for another good time!A hot spot to "monkey around" with friends to grab some drinks & the BEST 360 view of NOLA!!! This is worth the visit alone! On the 17th floor of the Troubadour hotel. Lots of seating with plush pillows and funky art. They offer a Happy Hour that varies everyday from 5-7pm along with live music most nights! Though, do not expect to come on a hungry stomach. They have limited food offerings that are "food truck" styled. I hope they will expand over time. Certainly caters more towards the drinks & ambience. Truly a must visit!!!!!Cool spot for unwinding and contemplating at the same damn time! Drinks aren't bad either. There's a hodgepodge mix of people.Nice view, nice aura .....but the smell! Some people don't have any home training, they rather take a leak on the roof than in the restroom!  Gross!Very very cool place. Very cool energy and atmosphere. They have a full bar and the drinks are superb! Loved the views. Will def be back. I had the smoked wings, they were kinda dry but seasoned well. Will def be backGo for this rooftop patio bar's views of the city, photo opps with fun custom light signs, friendly service, and light bites. I wasn't a fan of the plastic cups for the wine - I get it, it's the Big Easy - but glass would be lovely.
Happy hour offers $6 select cocktails + red/white wine and $4 Miller Lite. 
To access the joint, head inside the Troubadour Hotel and take the elevator to the 17th floor. Have your ID on ya - they card right at the door!Tried to visit this place on two different occasions. Both times they were not open. They apparently make up the time they want to open. Will not be trying again.Monkey Board gets two opposable thumbs up from me.  see what I did there. The ambiance of the location was really nice. We set up for the bachelor festivities on their famed rooftop bar. It was a pretty chilly night so I didn't understand why this place was chosen. Then they proceeded to ignite these large propane tanks that emitted heat in all directions then I could instantly see the attraction. Imagine being on  a rooftop knowing it's cold outside but you can't feel it.
The view from the roof was amazing as well, you could see practically all of downtown New Orleans from here. We even captured a peak at the vaunted Mercedes Benz Superdome. That place is definitely on my bucket list after seeing it up close and in person. Gives you a certain chill because of its rustic exterior design and simplistic look. 
Now for the reason you guys were here!!
The FOOD was pretty good and some items were better than others. It was typical bar food you can expect but with a little twist. Why make bad food and just make it bar food, NOLA says I'll see you meal and give it a bayou kick in the pants. Their sliders and wings are second to none in my opinion. The wings came with what I can only describe as a bang bang sauce because they were tossed in a type of Asian bayou zing blend that tasted nothing like anywhere else I've ever eaten. The pretzels were really salty and I didn't appreciate that but that's only one bad item. The servers were really attentive to us and made sure the drinks kept flowing. If that's not hospitality then I don't know what is. We drank more than our fair share on that rooftop. It was a great idea in hindsight because little did we know our night and weekend were just getting started!The weather is just perfect for enjoying some drinks,food and a great conversation with friends or loved one at a rooftop bar. 
I'm a fan of feeling the evening breeze and this is one of my fav spots to do so. The place is clean,Safe and colorful. 
I give it 4 stars since the food menu lacked options.From the neon signage to the syrup-laden cocktails, I felt like I was back in Los Angeles for a second.
That is not a compliment.
There is nothing remotely New Orleans about Monkey Board other than the views. Service was lacking and condescending, even on a slow Monday night. The bartender said they didn't have mezcal, which I thought was odd considering they've had "craft cocktails" on their menu with it before. Also, to consider my drink that was mostly syrup and orange juice "craft" is insulting. I had a better experience next door at Pythian Market, if that helps you put it into perspective.
Decor looks like a Google search for "LA rooftop bars." Seating options are plentiful, though.
If you're more concerned about your Instagram feed and being on a rooftop, by all means go here. If you're looking for quality, don't.One word: Breathtaking!! This place is beyond amazing! The view is just sincere, relaxing, and just beautiful overlooking downtown New Orleans! When you exit the elevators to the too floor, you enter a world of paradise! True definition of serenity why you enjoy the many bites and drinks the lounge has to offer! This place is the place to be on a Friday and Saturday night! The Troubadour itself is a great hotel as well!This is one of the first rooftop bars I ever went to in NOLA, and I have loved it ever since. I love the whole layout of the rooftop area. There a bunch of cute, colorful couches and chairs to lounge on with a big group of friends. The view from the 17th floor of the Troubadour Hotel, which I have also actually been a guest in. The actual hotel is decorated very hip and eclectic, so it's no surprise the rooftop bar is as well. This a cool spot for meeting up with friends, preferably on a non-windy or cold night, and is very aesthetically pleasing.Gonna make this review short and sweet--
Pros: very hip, trendy, ample seating, awesome view of the city
Cons: drinks were overpriced/served in disposable cups, this place gets super crowded during the weekend
Bottom Line: pop into Monkey Board for happy hour when the drinks are cheap and there's room to breathe!I've been here multiple times and I really enjoy the views. It's a cool rooftop bar inside of the Troubadour hotel. I really like coming on Fridays because there's a DJ and it's just a great way to relax after the work week. But beware, Fridays and Saturdays could get pretty crowded. I tried to go one Saturday and there was a wait list. I wasn't a huge fan of that, but I guess it's become a really popular spot in the city. And also beware of some of their prices. Their menu doesn't really have a variety, but it's okay for bar food I guess. But they have a pretty wide selection of drinks at the bar, you may just have to ask for certain drinks.Went with a large group for drinks. Bartenders are terrible. They are focused on private conversations and their cell phones rather than serving customers. After a large bill and tip, one bartender was very rude over a chicken finger. I would never go back again and advise others to find anyplace else. They need nicer staff.Love the views but I recommend coming later in the day when it's cooler summer heat and humidity is a beast in Nola...don't try the root beer float yuck...the cake is unbelievable yummy and the perfect portion.Came here mainly for the view as recommended by our daughter who lives in NOLA. We ordered cheese sandwiches and beer and wine. It took 40 minutes to get our sandwiches. They were good. The view is absolutely stunning.I do understand the kitchen closing at a certain time 10p however arriving at 9:40 or so to be told the cook on duty has like 9 other orders and gets off at 10p is very very unprofessional and not customer friendly. And that he wouldn't be taking any additional orders wow ;Understanding wanting to get off at the designated  time but suggestion maybe they should get some assistance for him and this is not of good service for the establishment ... it's a holiday and he should expect it to be a tad busy ... will not return.Very cool place to chill in the big easy . Great views and drinks with an awesome vibe !My first rooftop bar ever! Love love the atmosphere.   I've only been twice here. My first time was in Cinco de Mayo for just a few friends celebrating a birthday. Good job on the layout, the service, the view, and the drinks. 
New Orleans prices are getting a bit higher then they used to be, but that $22 shocker was a bit much for a double margarita. I didn't expect it!  5 star bar for me. That's my rating only because I'm pretty sure most of the drink prices are right at the level. If that's not the case, then I'll need to adjust to a 4. 
Good location, good fun, excellent view of my changing city. Will be back soon!A must do in New Orleans! Rooftop bar with live music on a Saturday night. A chill vibe with lots of seating (picnic tables, couch tables) and great service.Me and a group of my friends came to the Monkey Board to celebrate my Birthday. The view was awesome. And that was about it!!! We was not greeted by our server (Shaunice). One my my friends had to go get the server to take our drink orders. She had an attitude from the beginning. She was not friendly and basically refused to go over the specialty drinks with us. She rushed us through our orders and was not helpful at all. We also questioned about the menu. We were expecting the menu that was on the website. We get there and the menu is totally different. We ask about the menu and she stated they haven't had that menu in weeks. She became frustrated with our disappointment and was not accomadating at all. For the rest of our evening she mad rude comments toward us and was VERY sarcastic. When we received our check they over charged us for our appitizer because they had to charge us for something else because what we had was not in the system. Plus gratuity was added (which we don't mind paying). She acted like it that was OK. The manager comes over and he was no better than her. He ended up splitting up the checks but he had a bad attitude as well. 
All in all the view was nice. Drink was Ok. I would not expect much as far as service at the Monkey Board.5 stars for the rooftop view. 3 stars for everything else. My friends and I arrived pretty early, they had a DJ and it wasn't too crowded.  We got our drinks at the bar and grabbed a few cozy seats in the corner.  My drink of choice that night was the Billy Bishop
(gin, champagne, maraschino, celery bitters, lime).  This was tasty and served in a cool white glass.  Everything was great and then 20 minutes after we were there the DJ stopped which was odd since the night was just getting started. We were also hoping to get a few small bites to eat, but they were out of 2 items on the menu and they only had 4 on there to begin with.  I think this is a great place, but hopefully they get some of their issues worked out and everything can match the 5 star atmosphere!