Ordered steak and was told that the hand cut steaks had not been cut by the chef today and was offered an optional cut, the fillet.  The steak was tender but had a peculiar taste to it. My wife tried the shrimp Alfredo and the sauce was watery and bland. The French fries were seasoned well and they were the best part of the meal.  We were seated in front of an open window and had a homeless person poke his head in the window and start up a conversation. Not the New Orleans experience I was looking for.   Skip this place and look for some other place to eat.Great spot for locals and tourists alike! Shrimp and grits were incredible! On a Sunday during brunch the wait was only about 20 minutes. The waiter was prompt and kind upon being seated. Must try the "Effin amazing" drink!Shrimp on po boy was fantastic. Great breading. Bread was stale. Waaaay too hard. Fries were seasoned well. Seafood gumbo was good. Food took quite a while to come out but for only being open a week...not bad. Place should do well.  I will be getting fried seafood platter next time. Looked amazing.Just had a house special burger with Monty fries! OMG! So good! So full! & Gaby is AWESOME @the bar! Be aware... They close at seven pm...The sign for beignet fries caught our eye as we were on our way to eat at Café du Monde again, and boy am I glad we tried Monty's. The beignet fries were absolutely amazing. I would just order those the next time I go, and the amount you get is more than worth the $9 menu price. We split them between two of us with the Cajun Queso and Pico and we were stuffed by the end! Our waiter, Lloyd was so friendly and made conversation with us between tables. Definitely a great choice, especially if you don't want to wait in the line across the street.Bloody Marys are to die for here. Great service here and located in front of Jackson Park so you have a great view.This has been one of the best breakfast's ive experienced! First time for the Eggs Benedict and so Satisfied with my choice! Portions were more than enough- not to mention the southern, classy,  yet prompt service the moment we worked in from Llyod! Polite,  casual conversation as he served us with his pleasant demeanor.  Across the street is the Cafe Du Monde (over rated)... Monty's, good and service- true southern hospitality.The hostess had zero personality and got upset when we asked to move since people were sitting directly above us. The waiter Lloyd was fantastic great personality very informative about food and sights. Fried green tomatoes were $13 for 4 slices and the beignet fries were tough as a bootBad service.  Gumbo had shrimp in it that was lean cuisine sized.  Bloody Mary "pickle vodka" (even tho I asked for Ketel One).. it made me wretch.. absolutely disgusting.It all started because I needed cash to get some goodies from Cafe Du Mode so I had to go to the atm across the street.
Wanting to be proper and all I decided, with prompting from the rumble in my tummy, to eat lunch FIRST and have goodies next... thus my encounter with Montys...
The staff were friendly enough and the menu offerings seemed like it would be enough to tame my tummy so I proceeded to order a favorite dish... red beans and rice (BABAY) con a bloody mary . To my delight chicken was the side kick to the dish. It came out lookin tasty and man them red beans made it rain in my taste buds but the chicken fell flat....whomp whomp. It LOOKED delish and tho it was juicy it was ALSO void of flavor. The red beans was the only thing keeping my interest in this dish on life support. 
Monty... we gotta have a chat bout ya chicken spices or the lack there of... #lesigh I'd lose all my cool points if I sent my friends here for bland chicken. 
Let me know when you're ready to create a thunderstorm of flavor in my mouth...until then...Loved this place. The drinks were good and the food was great! Just what we needed after a late night out.This place is fair. The location is great right on the square. The food was ok. I had a poboy and the sandwich was not bad but it lacked in sauce and was a bit dry. My husband ordered the jambalaya and it was lacking salt and when I tired it was not the best. The service was ok but the waiters seemed annoyed. I would only recommend his place if you are super hungry and can't find anywhere else to eat.This place was amazing! Don't wait in line across the street come here grab a drink and get the beignet fries. Don't believe any review on here that's not 5 stars, if I would have trusted those reviews I would have missed out on some of the best food I had on my entire trip. We split beignet fries, fried green tomatos and the breakfast dish with the fried chicken all of them were so delicious and the staff was amazing. Also our drinks were perfect.This place was cute and the food was tasty! We randomly walked in because we were starving and saw that the prices were good. There was a 15 minute wait so we sat at the bar. The bar is marble and super cute for pics if that's important to you. I got the egg white omlet with peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and potatoes. The potatoes are great and the omelet was huge! The bartender was also super nice, as she was from our hometown. Recommended!Good food and fast service.  Large bar and small tables.  With the huge line at Du Monde across the street, it was s great option to jump into a table inside in A/C and enjoy done great food.  Eggs Benedict was good, but hollandaise was spicy like it had mustard in it.  It was still good but not buttery so temper your expectations.  The brunch poboy was good but lots of bread and needed more inside. Erin was awesome waitress!We went here for breakfast because the line for du Monde was ridiculous and I'm so glad that it was! Our party had the crab benedict, the French toast, mimosas,  beignet fries, carnivore omelette, and pancakes and a side of bacon. It's worth mentioning that the side of bacon was enough for 6 people to have some. The mimosas were wonderful! I definitely recommend and will make this a regular stop in NOLA.Looking for a scrumptious bite to eat in the middle of the French Quarter, stop here! Breakfast food and Cajun classics on the menu make it hard to choose but no matter what you pick it's delicious! The muffaletta is amazing! Highly recommend, especially if you're looking to share. The decor is simple with colorful New Orleans landscapes that echo the local artists right out side the doors in the square. A great experience and yummy food!My eggs Benedict was made with hard boiled eggs. $15. 
Oscar Meyer deli ham on a stale English muffin.
At least there were potatoes so I didn't leave starving.Beignet fries. Get them. They are amazing. Server was awesome. Good Nawlins food. Po-boys were HUGE and tasty.The service sucked! flies everywhere and one fell in my beer. i asked for it to be replaced n they brought me another beer in my same dirty glass. i always put lime on the rim n same glass. ordered appetizer n it never came out. save the time go somewhere else.Very disappointed to travel all the way to New Orleans to order a Po Boy's and instead get a mediocre sub at Montys.  Bread was cold, no spread, and there was a hair on it! The food runner just said "ha" and walked away. I could've made a better sandwich at home. The only reason this gets a 2 star is because our waitress was very sweet and tried to do what she could. Will go somewhere else in town next time and hopefully have the famous Po boy.Truly the best sausage biscuits and gravy I ever had In my life! And I know it's a little much to add a side of sausage with it but it was so tasty! The vibe was chill and modern mixed with the New Orleans old timey style. We were there for Mardi Gras and we were able to get a seat at the bar and we drank fireball at 11am and stuffed our faces so we could refuel for another night of drunken debauchery. I had a great time and really enjoyed my food. The Bloody Mary I had,  I remember was perfect. Just how I like it... Spicy! I recommend this place for anyone who doesn't want to wait in long lines at the hipster popular places, this gem was a nice find!Huge portions!!! Don't order the Po'boy unless you have a friend to help lol. The food was fantastic. Get the Beignet fries as an app! They are fantastic! 
I had the red beans and rice with grilled chicken and a side of seafood gumbo. Was absolutely delicious!Disappointing. Stopped in for lunch. We had the crab cakes and they were very bland. The fried green tomatoes were just OK. The best thing about them were the shrimp on top. The Pimms Cup was good but not spectacular. Service was OK.This place is nice and clean. The food was excellent. I had the bbq shrimp. It was perfect. Service was a bit slow but other than that it was great food.  The drinks are well made.  Everyone was very nice and professional.  Hanna the manger is awesome.  She is very professional and looks to take care of the customer. She is the asset the place.After walking all day across the city I settled on Monty's on the Square for a recharge of my phone and a cool drink. Their cocktail Cool as A Cucumber is remarkably refreshing and hydrating. I ordered a flatbread and enjoyed it; however, based on the menu description, I was imagining fresh sliced mozzarella, rather than shredded. Great service, good location and great cocktails, but I would probably skip the food.Stopped by Monty's for some lunch with the family.  Classic Burger was more bun than burger and was very mediocre.  Two of my kids were very satisfied with the shrimp and fries off of the kids menu.  The wife had the red beans and rice and was very satisfied.  Service was fast and friendly.  I only give two stars because the food was not worth the price.  I recommend ordering off of the kids menu only.Great service even on a busy holiday weekend.  Best place to get a true taste of the infamous BEIGNETS in New Orleans.  Beignets fries were the BOMB! Will definitely go backFriendly service. Food was not great. Biscuits and gravy came out cold. Provided huge portion of bacon, would have been happier with less but better flavor.we were there for breakfast, first, two bloody marys $26.00, and they were just ok, but for that price they should have be great. the server kenneth was very good, the best thing about the meal! the coffee was just bland and no taste. i drink my coffee black. biscuit and gravy was a sorry item and along with the omelette. will not go back!Saved the Day! After a horrible experience at Tujague's on Mother's Day I was left without a place to have a celebration brunch. After wandering around the FQ with a young child trying to find somewhere that was not already booked we stumbled upon Monty's. They were very nice and were able to squeeze us in. We waited only about 10 minutes for a table. The food came out quick and was great and affordable. Extra plus for the delicious mimosas that were only $6! We will be back! Thanks for saving my Mother's Day! :)Decent food, but definitely over priced. 
We ate here for brunch and the food was pretty good, but our server was very standard for price we paid. Kept giving us attitude on simple requests, had nothing to suggest in terms of orders, and when it came time to split the bill, he seemed as if we were asking him to sever a limb. 
For a mandatory 18% gratuity on a party of 6, I would expect the server to mention this, as opposed to just giving mediocre service with the guarantee of a hefty tip.
If you're going with a large group, just split your tables up into smaller groups. It will make it easier for the staff to wrap their heads around.My friend and I were feeling hungry while walking in Jackson Square in the French Quarter. Monty's caught our eye because of their large open windows so we could people watch as we ate. This is definitely a great place to people watch - we saw artwork by local artists, musical performances on the streets and some interesting characters working about!
I ordered the jambalaya omelette which was a unique twist to New Orleans cuisine. I loved it and had more than enough for two meals since the omelette was huge! The side of cheese grits was fantastic as well. My friend ordered the beignet fries and was super excited to have leftovers (buuuut unfortunately left the to-go box at the restaurant...rookie move).We were on our way to Cafe Du Monde, needing to erase the taste of another disgusting breakfast establishment out of our system. This place is right across the street and caught our eye with their advertisement of beignet fries and king cake beignet in their large windows. 
Our server Sandy was great, very friendly and upbeat. The beignet fries were nice and crispy and the king cake nice and pillowy. They were both very good. My boyfriend also tried the grilled sausage sampler; I didn't try it but he really liked it. 
Even though we just stopped here for something small and ended up taking most of it to go, I'm glad we did. It was much better than the other place, both in taste and experience.Cannot recommend. I rarely write a bad review but.... We went in for a late lunch. The service was marginally ok and slow and some of the food was really not good and several of the menu items were not available, including their house burger.  The fries were Luke warm and soft, and the chicken slider was awful- I spit it out and could not eat it. I thought something was wrong with it and nicely mentioned it to the waitress. She said that was how it was supposed to taste. I don't know how to describe what it was like but I lost my appetite after one big bite. (I used to wait tables and I would have offered something to remedy the bad experience, but that did not happen here unfortunately and I'm not the kind of guy who asks for the manager and makes a big stink of things, although I probably should have.) 
Bottom line, the food quality overall was not good for the price.Food was really good. I would have given it more stars if the food didn't take forever to come outStarted with beignet fries and also had the Jackson Square (omelet full of crawfish and shrimp) and I had to try the sausage gravy with biscuits.  All was great, though I prefer my sausage gravy...think it's because their biscuits were not as dense as mine...and Dustin was our server and was quick and friendly.  We'd recommend this place BUT the appetizer fries are enough for 3-4 people and could be a dessert as well!My friends and I loved the food the service was great. Place is clean. La comida muy rica. Gavy the waitress  was great very nice girl.Service is good but No frozen drinks and no American Express. Last time for me. No pina coladas in New Orleans? Seriously?The services was good but food not so much.  White wash omelet was super greasy and the French toast was soggy as it could be.  The beignet fries were good - they tasted like funnel cake.
The Bloody Mary was spot on and perfect!I just wanted something light, ordered a kids menu item. When order came out, it was a big plate. Asked waitress and she said manager doesn't let anyone over 12 order from kids menu. Would have been nice to know before hand?  Felt like staff didn't care if you were there or not.I wanted thank Chelci she is an amazing hostess, she gives customer service a beautiful name.   Glad we dropped in for a bite to eat...Chelci made are stay wonderful.  
Thank you so much Chelci!Came here for brunch and omg their country breakfast is delicious. The southern fried chicken that comes with it has a very unique taste that me and all my friends enjoyed, eggs were cooked perfectly over easy and the strawberry French toast is divine if you are having a sweet tooth.Disgusting. Good was delivered cold. Eggs Benedict was raw egg - not even the white was cooked. I sent it back, and it came back barely cooked and somehow cold to the touch. Potatoes were salty. Service was rude. Don't walk by he kitchen to go to the restrooms. It's filthy. Stay away!  Don't let the prime location fool you.AMAZING! The sweet cream pancakes are so good but wait until you add the banana foster which makes the delicious!! Staff and service was great!Not the most clean restaurant, but definitely far from really bad. It is in the French Quarter though, so not much seems clean there, in my opinion. The food here was good. I ordered the biscuits and sausage gravy with bacon. The biscuits were tender, the gravy the correct consistency. I wasn't a fan of the sausage in the gravy though. I just didn't like the flavor or texture, but I'm picky about sausage and Im sure there are folks who would like it just fine. The bacon was thick and tasty. They serve fresh brewed iced tea (Luzianne) and they have it sweet too. For some reason that's difficult to find here in New Orleans.I might be able give it a better review if I actually got my food. Service was terrible. There is so many more  better places in Nola to go.I'm writing my first review in over 5 years simply because of how foolish so many of you sound on here. Let me ask one question: When you go out to eat, what are you looking for the most? Nice bathroom? Nice chair? Nice table? If you said yes to any of those, you're a real dumbass. Personally, when I go out to eat, I'm looking for one thing and one thing only: a good meal. And that, my friends, is what they deliver. Sure, they might not treat you like royalty, but they definitely won't treat you like shit either. For example, when the chef brought out my burger, he told me right away he forgot the bacon on my burger. Now that, that is impressive. Most chefs won't admit that they are wrong, but I really appreciate them more when they admit their mistakes. He came back with a mountain of bacon and a smile on his face. The burger and fries were delicious, and our server was friendly. What more can I ask for? Nothing. Get off your high horse, people.Beignet fries were hard as rock and tasted just like pure frying oil. Banana foster French toasts had literally 3 tiny slices of banana. Taste was just okay. Service was quite slow. Don't think I'll be back.Great brunch.  King Cake beignets are the best thing I've had in a long time.  Served only 2 weeks before Mardi Gras so your window is small.Stopped in for brunch on New Year's day.  Service was friendly and prompt.  The Cajun Benedict was off the chart...best benedict I think I have ever experienced.  Highly recommended.Best jambalaya in New Orleans. Their omelettes are absolutely amazing. Grits were superb. Extremely friendly service, good food portions, and considering its location in the French quarter, pricing for the portions were good. Bathrooms were a little bit away and tucked it a corner, but was very clean. With the windows open you get a beautiful breeze and a busy street life to keep you entertained while you eat. Overall an amazing experience. I would recommend this place to anyoneGreat food and very friendly service. I highly recommend the beignet fries. We are here before and after the cruise and had the best waiter. I will definitely return anytime I come back. Hard to find great genuine service.The food here is terrible, don't be pulled in my the nice fancy Windows or the bustle of people here. They're here because the line for cafe du monde is super long. My mom ordered an omelet, most bland thing she's eaten here. I ordered the burger, if you can even call it that. It was a hog poge of different meats, I physically feel ill now. If you see this Rearurant, keep walking.Gotta love a place that they care about the customer more than anything else! The gal behind the bar was "here try this" or "here try that"! Great fun for an afternoon of day cocktailling!Don't be tempted by the great location on Jackson Square...this place offers up some of the worst service in the Quarter. The table next to us (who were seated after us) received their food before we even got our water. The crabcakes were fried to a crisp and the sauce over the fried green tomatoes was completely void of flavor. With the abundance of excellent food in this city, please do not waste your time/money/taste buds on this place!Great service! Our server was very friendly and attentive. The Gumbo was yummy. Blackened catfish with shrimp was superb!Travis served us and he was wonderful. Very funny, fast and provided some suggestions and answered some questions about Nola. Delicious food - shout out to the biscuits and gravy and anything Benedict. Oh and the best Bloody Mary .eh. out of all the places to eat in new orleans, my boyfriend picked this place out for dinner. i wasn't too impressed. i got the pasta and it was just so bland. i never thought i'd say that about any restaurant in new orleans, but i was deeply disappointed. the service was on point though and that's why i'm giving it three stars instead of 1 or 2.  the location is prime - right by the cathedral.Monty's is located right on Jackson Square, across from Cafe Du Monde; its prime location for refueling whilst exploring New Orleans. 
We walked in just before the lunch rush. Since we had a larger party, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to be available.
Service was decent. Our food was delivered in a timely manner, however, the waiter was difficult to find at times.
Food was meh. I had the crab cakes and they were slightly over seasoned, however, I appreciated the large amount of crab they used.I went here for my last breakfast before heading back home and i'm so glad I did. Staff was super nice and down to earth. Kenny, my waiter, was friendly and very welcoming. Great sense of humor as well. I had the French toast cooked in amaretto butter with bacon and fried green beans were to die for. 
Monty's is across the street from the famous Cafe Du Munde but that place is overrated and constantly overcrowded. If you want fast service, friendly smiles with air conditioning and delicious foods, come to Monty's. You will not be disappointedThank you for the delicious dinner, Monty's! We'll be back soon!! Check this place out for some classic local fare. Family-run business, nice people behind the yummy food!Monty's was a very authentic nola experience. The staff were very professional with the nola graciousness we've become accustomed to receiving.  The brunch po'boy was delish, my husband thought the French toast with bacon was tasty, but average.I've read some other reviews that weren't so great about Monty's but I can honestly say this place is unbeatable for breakfast. The food is really good.  When you order a side, they bring a plate piled high or a bowl full.  The quality of the food is really good here.  Great location to people watch and the waitstaff are super attentive.  PRO TIP - Order a bloody mary with their house pickled vodka.  Game changer.Let me preface this by saying I never leave bad reviews. I have encountered my fair share of bad food\ service, but this was different. We walk in and our server (a white gentleman) quickly sat us down. However as the breakfast went on, it was clear he was not interested in serving us. He seemed attentively checking and talking to  all the other guests... that is all the other guests that weren't Asian. He only came around to give our food and take our check. We were waiting for a simple refill of water. An African American waiter was going around other tables to refill glasses. Once we finally got his attention,  HE SHOVED A WHOLE PITCHER ON OUR TABLE, left with no word, as if to say serve yourself. I have never encountered this blatant discrimination and disrespect in my 50+ years. We will only be in town until tomorrow, and unless this management gets back to me back then, this is a warning to all those looking to patronize this eatery. I really hope they do not let hate proliferate.We ended up coming back here for brunch 2 days in a row after being treated poorly at Vacherie (to say the least). Kennith M. was our waiter both days and he was as nice as he could be. The food came out quick and tasted amazing. I highly suggest the Beignet Fries and the Country Breakfast. Definitely the best grits I've ever tasted.Great food, large portions and the service was excellent. The location is perfect being in the Quarter and busy area. Non rush serviceAs locals who moved out of town several years ago, we foolishly gave this joint a try...the former establishment (River's Edge) was OK - and the location can't be beat (people watching!!).   Monty's somehow managed to obliterate every NOLA classic.  The only thing they got right is their location.  So, here it is, cher:
We started with a New Orleans classic: a French 75.  It was abysmal.  Cheap gin + cheap champagne and just a hint of lemon juice out of a bottle = nasty.
Ok, next up was fried green tomatoes sans the unnecessary shrimp topping.  Flavorless!!  With a side of pink mayo - NOT in any way, shape, or form a Remoulade.
On to the so-called Debris Po-Boy...it was NOT, and I mean NOT debris!!!!  Chunks of cheap beef.  No mayo.  Flimsy lettuce leaf (one).  tiny peace of stale tomato.  What a disgrace to a NOLA classic.
Sadly, there is more to say...the catfish...which was cut WAY too thick (= slimy); bland seasoning; and fried in grease that tasted gross (bad aftertaste)...for $23.  
On a positive note, our server was very polite and prompt.  It is NOT her fault that this place is a mess.
We walked out having paid $75 for a hard-earned lesson and promptly sprinted to a REAL NOLA establishment...Red Fish Grill.I only stopped in for a drink so I cannot comment on the food but the service was great, the restaurant was clean, and it was packed on the weekend when I walked by at a later time. 
The bartender was extremely friendly and offered up some nice advice for places to visit and where to look for quality music. If this service for a single drink was this great, I can only imagine Monty's would have a 4 or 5 if I had actually eaten there.The Bloody Mary is amazing.  The portion size of my omelette was enough to share.  The grits are creamy and flavorful.  
When you visit you have to try the Bloody Mary and the hurricane.I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Go in. Order the Brunch Po Boy. Thank me later. I was totally hungover on New Year's Day and not only was it good, it might be one of the top 3 Po Boys I ever had. 
You know how most Po Boys are huge, messy, borderline inedible, mostly bread and once in a while if you're lucky you might find a shrimp in there. Forget all that noise, go the breakfast route. This was made with that famous Leidenheimer bread, has fried green tomatoes,  bacon, cheese, runny eggs, lettuce, tomato, and a real kick ass remoulade sauce. I tasted everything in every bite. 
I walked in feeling like 10 bucks and left feeling like 100 bucks. Sorry I really meant for this to be short and sweet.OMG!  Great food! Great service! Friendly helpful staff! Good prices with healthy servings!  We had shrimp n grits, black n blue burger, fried green tomatoes,french toast with blueberry sauce, alligator sausage po boy (great sauce) , private club po boy.  All of it it was great!  Highly recommend.  We will be back!My friend and I had breakfast here and it was delicious. I ordered the traditional breakfast with rosemary home fries.Loved this place! Great food for everyone and great service. Convenient location in jackson square and great Beignet fries! Recommend the jambalayaFast friendly service. The food was unimpressive. Ok of you want to get lunch out of the way and move on to some fun NOLO style.For one of the choicest locations in all of the French Quarter, this place could be so much more. It's sits at the juncture of both Jackson Brewery and Park and Cafe du Monde, and should rightfully be the premier breakfast bistro in the Quarter, but what you actually have is a middle of the pack operation going on inside a gorgeous tin-panel-ceilinged classic French restaurant, service a bit lackadaisical, no special treatment, a damned ATM machine sitting out in the open, just basically tacky. There's nothing overly special about the food other than the tourist-bait names of the choices, seen on my menu photos. Positives: open early, right across from Cafe du Monde, so that after coffee, you can walk across and have a sit down breakfast decently enough prepared, served by a semi-interested server, and if you need cash, you can do your ATM business right in view of everyone in the restaurant. Oh, and sriracha ketchup, so they've got THAT going for them.I'm sorry to say that this was not a good food experience! I ordered the creole jambalaya that was supposed to come with sausage and chicken but there was not a bit of chicken in it. The jambalaya was soggy and flat. It came with green beans that were undercooked, hard, and not warm. The waiter apologized and warmed the green beans but they were still inedible. And I think I was overcharged. I see that the jambalaya is $16 but I was charged $22 and some change. My only extra was a soft drink. I did have a very attentive waiter. But I would never return!Horrible. We made the mistake of trusting the Trip Advisor rating. My husband and I stopped in for lunch because it looked like a good location to people watch and listen to some street musicians. We ordered Red Beans and Rice with Sausage and Jambalaya with two iced teas. The red beans dish was so flavorless that we ended up adding a ton of salt and tabasco and then resorting to squirting sriracha ketchup into it. Nothing helped. The jambalaya was mushy and the green beans on the side were tough and chewy like leather. Our bill was $44 before tip and was, by far, the worst meal of our trip. We left hungry and aggravated.Great service, great prices and AMAZING food! The atmosphere was great also. This was my first time to NOLA and my wife, son and I have ate brunch here everyday. It's the perfect restaurant!Service was quick and attentive.  Biscuits and gravy was on point.  Skip the Moscow Mule and go off menu... The Irish Mule was delicious!