So I finally made it inside the restaurant instead of just having their takeout.  It's a small place inside, with dingy booths along the walls and cheap-looking tables in the center of the room.  When I went the place was full of cops chowing down on the good food.  There must have been about a dozen of them there.  There's a big screen TV against the wall.  For some reason there's some sort of disco ball with strobe lights hanging in the window.  It wasn't turned on and I have no idea why it's there.
The food was great, just like I'd expected from their superior takeout I've already had.  I ordered one of the vietnamese noodle salad bowls (the restaurant is really a Vietnamese restaurant that also serves Chinese food).  It was huge.  My date had the chicken salad and the server was happy to substitute fried tofu for chicken.  It was delicious.  
All of the dishes on the menu are under $10.  The place is closed on Wednesdays.
I'll absolutely be back again to try the pho.The bun vermicelli had relatively thick noodles. The egg rolls that came with it were somehwat overfried. Still, a very inexpensive place to eat, and satisfying enough if you're craving Vietnamese food. People were nice. Neighbourhood ok, somewhat north of the French quarter.Cute neighborhood place. Good prices. Nice staff. The lo main noodles were thin, the chicken and broccoli did not have the usual thick sauce and the sweet and sour pork was all breading. Other than that I was satisfied.Pros:
- Food (tofu banh mi and spring rolls) was good.
- Prices are dirt cheap. The sandwich was an ABSURD $3!!!
- Easy to find.
Cons:
- Without a doubt, one of the most disgusting places I've ever sat in for a meal. In places with better-funded regulatory agencies, there's no way that some of the things I saw (thick dirt caked on the floor, sticky tables, general unsanitary conditions) would pass muster. I'm still wondering if it was such a good idea to eat the food.
- Seemed like there were only 2 people working, and that they might even be switching off "hosting," taking orders, running, clearing the tables, AND cooking (?). Needless to say, it took forever to get seated, order, get our food, get our check....Seated in the heart of the French Quarter, directly across from Good Friends lay a wonderful staff and crew waiting to meet your Chinese food needs. 
Between it's prime location, exceptional staff and their on going familiarity with us locals, Moon wok both wins it hearts and bellies. 
I can't eat enough of the Moo Goo Gai Pan, while down here you've got to try it.!a hidden gem! 
full disclosure I've never actually been inside, hah. 
I order the spring rolls, pho, or tofu bahn mi all the time. service is friendly and prompt, but mostly it's SO cheap. they just delivered my spring rolls and tofu sandwich and the total was only 7.72! pretty amazing.I hate to leave bad reviews but I feel compelled to do so in the hopes of sparing others from this restaurant. The food here was not bad, I would give it three stars, but the restaurant is quite literally the dirtiest place I have ever seen in my life. Had we not been starving, I would have turned around and walked out upon entry. I still can't believe we stayed.I've eaten here easily 50 times. One of the best quick food places in the entire French Quarter. I always get their fried tofu bhan mi, and if you get it without the garlic mayonnaise it's completely vegan. It's also incredibly affordable. I've walked out of this place completely full for under 10 bucks!My friend swore by the po boys here so I gave this place a try with him. I noted that this was a predominantly vietnamese restaurant so figured I would order from the vietnamese fare as that was likely their specialty. I ordered the vegetarian vermicelli and have 2 complaints. 
1 - i swear they snuck some fish sauce in there somehow. 
2 - there were more bean sprouts than anything else and they tasted bitter. 
I likely wouldn't go back but if you are into vietnamese sandwiches, i hear their chicken one is good. It has pate on it though.I was skeptical because of Moon Wok's cheesy name and their three-star Yelp review.  But I knew that New Orleans is home to an active Vietnamese population and that Moon Wok featured Banh Mi and Pho, so I decided to give it a try. 
Boy, am I glad we came here. Moon Wok offers three Banh Mi sandwiches: grilled chicken, pork (Vietnamese cold cuts), and fried tofu. We had all three and they were absolutely delicious and a total bargain for about $3-4 each. We had two bowls of Pho, which were also excellent. The broth was great, and the noodles had us slurping nonstop till everything was gone. 
The service was quick and accommodating--the hostess did double/triple duty bringing us food, cleaning up tables, managing take out orders, and even offered to help me charge my iPhone. 
The best part: for five of us, the total bill was a mere $28, including tip. You can't get a better bargain for tasty, satisfying food anywhere in the French Quarter. 
I can't think of any significant downsides. If you care about decor, this isn't your place--for example, the tables are covered with grey plastic "tablecloths." We didn't try any of the Chinese food, so I can't judge any of that. But if you just want really good food for very little money, you should come here. We especially liked the fact that it's one of the very few Asian restaurants in the French Quarter and a nice change of pace if you want to eat something different from the cuisines that dominate the French Quarter: Cajun, Creole, American, or Italian food.This is THE spot for Asian cuisine in the French Quarter.  The Vietnamese and Chinese options are unparalleled and the atmosphere is extremely familial. Try it, anything, you won't be dissatisfied!It's great food at a great price. The bahn mi is always consistent, the veggies are always fresh. I've been getting the food to go and it's on point. I can call ahead and have my sandwich ready in 10 to 15 minutes. It wouldn't be my first choice for a date night atmosphere wise. Running the streets however and looking for a good bite I would say most definitely go here. The people are very friendly.The worst viet food I have ever had. Their noodles were soggy. Meat tasted bland. I would give 0 stars if I could.Really great Vietnamese food. The ingredients are fresh and the food taste great. I would definitely return here again. The prices are reasonable and they have the best fried rice and po-boys.Ordered delivery for 18 lunch orders today and the portions is quite good.  However, it was quite disappointing because it had good reviews: but the pork & chicken over rice was extremely SALTY.  It was unbearable to eat.I  was recently introduced to Vietnamese Poboys from Moon Wok by my lovely coworkers, and they have changed my life.  This is now one of my favorite lunch spots in the quarter.
I am by no means an expert on Vietnamese food, this sandwich though has open my senses to an entirely new perception of Asian food. 
And where else can you get a healthy-ish lunch in the quarter for around $4?
I am a devoted fan.  Moon Wok I heart you. 
They also deliver!Hands down the most delicious pho on the entire planet. BOMB specials. Can't beat the prices. All around spectacular place A+It's cheap.  It's fast.  Their soft drinks are "big ass."
Moreso a Vietnamese place these days with standard American Chinese fare on the back of the menu for the cops-on-a-break crowd, this place is perfect for a banh mi or those vermicelli noodles you love with the spring roll and mung bean sprouts.
Lots of vegetarian options, and pretty fun to dine in - they have everything you'd want from a Chinese dive, including the amazing kinetic waterfall painting.We love this place! Egg rolls have real veggies in them and are delicious! The combination rice is also amazing! We order it and split it between the 2 of us! My hubby loves the pho!Eaten in twice, had delivery probably 2-dozen times with coworkers. I recommend folks stick to the Vietnamese dishes. Their Chinese fried rice is pretty bland, and their hot and sour soup is very...unique... and not in a good way.  
Every time I order their crab rangoons, I forget how overdone they are, 100% of the time. It's a shame because the filling is scrumptious- maybe the best in the city - but the actual Rangoon is alwayyyys overdone and it's like biting into fried stale cardboard with a delicious filling. 
Here's what I LOVE at Moon Wok: 
*Spring rolls
*Tofu Bahn Mi
*Vermicelli Noodle Salads
The delivery folks are *always* very prompt and always friendly. Nice job with that, y'all.  While the menu has hit-or-miss items that I wish they'd rework, Moon Wok is a FQ staple and you should give it a shot :-)Since this is obviously the only Chinese restaurant in the French Quarter, I would have wanted to write a positive review, but I really can't. We have eaten at Chinese restaurants in all corners of the world, and almost without exception has it been an opportunity to eat well prepared, good-tasting food with plenty of vegetables. We've had amazing Chinese food in remote villages in West Virginia, on the Shetland Islands and in Northern Norway. So, why not in New Orleans? We probably shouldn't judge the restaurant on the vegetarian dishes only, but with that in mind, this could very possibly be the worst Chinese food I've ever eaten. Stir-fry which was obviously not fried, rather boiled, and boiled for much too long. Broccoli, which can be such a wonderful vegetable, mushy and tasteless. Garlic tofu with no taste of garlic but heavily seasoned with what I should guess was white pepper. Such a waste. I've heard that the fried rice should be great, and probably the chicken as well, but I will be much more cautious when I visit Chinese restaurants in the future.Live near this place. Eat here too often because it's so cheap & so comfortable. This is a family's living room where they feed us to make a living. They close @ 8:45. About then they are setting the table for them to sit down together @ 9. 
 Best General Tso's chicken I've ever had. Dare you to finish it alone even without the broc. Try the lo mein-  chik, beef, or shrimp. You'll know what you've been missing when you tried it elsewhere. Vegans with pretensions will find the place so-so but not bad. If you fancy yourself a pho connoisseur, go to the west bank and eat to review. This is damn well good enough for eating. 
 Good food. Absurdly good prices. Utterly relaxed. Maybe not what a tourist to the Quarter is after. A great place to have in your neighborhood.The food is decent, but the service was lacking--its seemed like only 2 people were working in the front of house, and they had a difficult time keeping on top of things. Also, the place was pretty filthy; it looked like it hadn't been mopped in months. The draw, however, was the $3 Tofu Banh Mi--not huge, but definitely a deal at 3 dollars! This is definitely a place to go if you're looking for a cheap meal and/or craving a Banh Mi, but I wouldn't recommend this place on a whim. If what you're really looking for is great Vietnamese cuisine in NOLA, my advice would be to leave the quarter and look elsewhere.Yay cheap pho in New Orleans! Had a great bowl here on a rainy day. Friendly staff and chill atmosphere. I'll be back!Ate dinner here to break away from the touristy food. The PHO rocks, and the charred fried rice, with a dash of salt is fantastic.For the money, this is a decent place. The tofu was great but the mandarin chicken had a nasty yellow not brown gravy sauce. The restroom was not appealing. Our waitress was great though.Good friendly service, no frills take out Chinese and Vietnamese fare for a good price. Not the best in the city, but if you're in Treme or the  Quarters and get a hunkering for some cheap decent Chinese/Vietnamese this is your place. The dining area is "divish" which serves it well for the locals and cops who drop in for sit down meals.For the four years I lived in New Orleans, this was my go-to Chinese food spot. I was a vegetarian at the time, and always found something delicious, and the staff was always super sweet. Definitely check this place out, especially if your vegetarian in this city!Wonderful Vietnamese and Chinese food. I suggest the pho, all the chicken dishes (white meat large portions) and the Jasmine Rice. Owners are great people.By far my favorite Chinese spot in New Orleans! Friendly staff and great food! The pho chicken noodle soup is a perfect hangover cure or great for when you're sick. Great location and they're on uber eats.I give them 4 stars not because they compete with the likes of PF Cheng's, but for what they are and what they deliver--they are awesome.  I would love to tell you what my favorite dishes are, but I can't remember the names or even how to spell them.  I recommend the noodles with chicken in broth (with jalapenos, lime and beansprouts on the side for you to add according to taste).. . particularly great for a hangover or a cold day.  The orange chicken is also scrumptious.  The décor could use a little sprucing up, and the fried rice is not that great, but pretty much everything there is otherwise delicious.  It's one block off Bourbon at St. Ann & Dauphine, doesn't take a lot of time and puts you back in the fray of the Quarter in no time.  Kudos also go to the staff; always friendly and polite.  If you're a Chinese/Vietnamese food aficionado, this may not be your place.  But for anyone looking for good quick food at a great price and convenient location, I highly recommend it.  Hint to the owner if you read this. . .bring back "Shrimp on a Stick" by Takee-Outee (a former staple of drunks on Bourbon street from the 1970's and 1980's) and you'll make a killing!Simply stated: Horrible! Do not waist your money or the calories on less than subpar food. No need to say more....The perfect French Quarter Asian Diner. Cute and welcoming. Best General Tso Chicken ever. Fresh spring rolls and great Bahn Mi. Friendly server. Large portions and SO AFFORDABLE.My first time ever entering or ordering from this place. I must say, despite the decor which was slightly below average and the site of someone sitting at a table with her feet on the chairs, and random objects sitting on the table(for example, Peroxide), the food is really good! Well, at least what I ordered was really good. I went there for lunch and ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken and some Crab Rangoon to go. Most Chinese restaurants give you a generous portion of food. Thus place seems to give you the perfect amout. For my liking at least.
I'd go there again, when I feel the urge to do so.We go to moon wok as a quick meal 
The food is consistently good, and they have take out that goes to late at night. A good last minute meal that is always deliciousAbsolutely disgusting! The rice has a strange cinnamon/oatmeal taste and the chicken is not fresh. I've never tasted anything like this before.i contend that this is the best pho ga in nola proper. the broth is full of flavor and comes more alive with the side of lime and cilantro.  the chicken is good quality and lean. it's such a tasty meal after walking around the quarter on a cold day.
prices are ridonkulously low.  6.49 usd TOTAL for a huge bowl of pho ga and a BIG ASS water (the size description on the menu...gotta love the humor). waitstaff is super friendly and don't encroach upon your meal or rush you out after you eat.
one star off for the bathroom that isn't exactly the cleanest.  this doesn't bother me, but i know some yelpers might prefer an establishment that would pass a white glove test.When it comes to Viatnamese/Chinese, this is my go-to cuisine, located in the Vieux Carre Quarter. The prices are incredibly affordable and the size proportions are very large. I typically order the Orange Chicken Tofu with fried rice and shrimp and vegetable egg rolls, which is the best I've had. The Viatnamese Po-boys are also very good and extremely cheap. 
The employees here are as friendly as one can be, and they're very good about taking orders for pick-up. I believe they deliver inside of the Vieux Carre Quarter, but as I live further away in Mid-city, I typically call ten minutes ahead of time for pick-up. Dining-in is also a viable option, as the ambiance in the evening is dark and a good place for a date. It's the best type of hole-in-the-wall-- it's not particularly a dive, but it's nothing close to fine-dining either. A good place for more of a casual date, or the perfect Viatnamese take-out for a quiet night in.What a great place, with an even better location! Foot steps off bourbon street with a great selection of food. Awesome service with a smile! Will definitely be back!!!!Delivery was quick and food was nice and hot when it got here. I also really appreciated that they were willing to deliver a $7 meal in a rainstorm...but the food was not good. I ordered orange chicken with fried rice and an egg roll. Egg roll was awesome but the orange chicken and rice was terrible. Fried rice was extremely peppery and not really fried. Almost mushy, and really just tasted like black pepper. Orange chicken had a ton of batter, too much, and the sauce just wasn't good. 
Great service, but unfortunately I won't be ordering again.Most underrated restaurant on Yelp. We lived half a block away for a little over a year and ate here about twice a month, and I've never once felt like I got a bad deal.
Our favorites were the banh mis, all under $5 and as good as any in the world (grilled chicken is the best). Moon Wok, unlike a lot of Chinese and Thai establishments in these parts, also stir fries tofu like a boss- not soggy, not deep fried, just perfect and perfectly seasoned. 
Other dishes I recommend: The tofu and avocado bun, and any of the combos that include fried rice, which comes uniquely seasoned - with nutmeg maybe? - and fantastic.
I think Moon Wok uses some of the best fresh produce among FQ restaurants. I know it sounds ridiculous. Their garlic and ginger, though, is really pungent, and the jalapeños in the banh mis make grown men (ahem, my hubby) sob. The steamed broccoli that comes as a side with the General Tsao's is broccoli heaven for reals. 
The wait staff are awesome too! Helpful and just the right amount of cheeky.
Not iconic or black tie but Moon Wok is a French Quarter gem all the same :-)I used to order from Moon Wok all the time, but never again! I just called to order the same dish I have ordered over a dozen times - General Tso's chicken, which comes with a side of shrimp fried rice. The man who answered the phone said that General Tso's does not come with shrimp fried rice. After telling him that I always get it that way, his exact response was, "I guarantee that is not true." Too bad the nice young lady who normally answers the phone was not there. Guess it's time to find a new Chinese restaurant to frequent.If you don't mind waiting 2 hrs for food then this is the place to order from!   Rude staff I will never order from here again,,,,,,OMG I just had my first Vietnamese Iced Coffee. It was like crack! Holy crap this is a BAD thing... I'll never get that baby off my mind. I also got the fried tofu Vietnamese sandwich... WOW! So fresh, the bread was amazing, all the veggies were super crunchy and I got a ka-POW from a few jalapenos. Plus I loaded it up with SRIRACHA :) :) :) Also had a spring roll but that was kinda bland. Sort of took a long time to get the food. Hole in the wall type joint. Definitely going back!!!!!!!!!!! YUM :) & CHEAP!!!! 3 people - spring rolls to start, 2 sandwiches, 1 entree, 3 iced coffees ... UNDER $30!! In the Qtr.! A great, great place.It should not take you an hour to bring out 5 bowls of pho. Sadly, both the beef and chicken pho were pretty bland. I swear we asked for hot sauce about 7 times before they decided to bring it to us. It also took them a very, very, very long time to get our check together, even though there was only one other table at the restaurant. The one good thing is the place was walking distance from our hotel in the French Quarter.I ate here a few months ago for the first time and This place is awesome. 
The service was fast and the waitress was super friendly. 
My husband and I are both vegetarians and there were quite a few options for us to pick from even. 
We got the tofu spring rolls, Avacado and tofu vermicelli and....umm...something else that was good I just can't remember exactly what.
Either way I know it will become a regular place I eat.Hmmmmm I remember better food about 10 years ago. Not horrible just tired. I had the shrimp lo-mein, but the lo-mein noodles were bland and non traditional ( rice noodles?). That really nice Chinese flavor pop was missing. Not sure I'd eat here again.I went to Moon Wok last night for some take-out food for me and a couple of other people. As we were waiting for the food, I was amusing myself reading Yelp reviews on the phone and started to have doubts... was it a mistake to come to that place? Will we be treated in an extremely rude way. Luckily, I needn't have worried: the staff was very nice and polite. One of the girls (I didn't ask her name, but one with some nice tattoos) actually ran after us, as she had forgotten to put a part of our order in the bag. She had to run a couple of blocks to catch up with us, and we really appreciated that she did.
The food was pretty decent. I had cashew chicken with rice and an eggroll. They added *plenty* of sauces to our order, too, and an extra fortune cookie (we got 4 for 3 people). Altogether, for an order for three people and two huge ice teas than two of us had while waiting, we paid just over $20!!!
A solid 4 stars. The only thing I liked less was that the interior was really hot and stuffy. Since we were getting our order to go, it wasn't particularly important, though.The absolute WORST I've ever had. Sesame chicken was way too SALTY and the beef and broccoli were tasteless. Whatever u do, please don't use the restroom!!!  Big waste of my money.  Don't even want to give it to my dogs!!The entire place needs a deep cleaning. To get to the bathroom you need to go through the kitchen/dish room and it is nasty. I didn't eat half of the food that came out. Unappetizing is generous.Great, friendly staff who makes you feel like part of the family. Some of the best Chicken and Beef Pho I have ever had. I am a big fan of the Vietnamese portion of the menu, but the Chinese food is great as well. In terms of portions, Moon Wok makes sure that you do not leave hungry. You will not find anything this good with such huge portions in this price range anywhere in the French Quarter. If they are offering their Nightly Specials whenever you are dining in, try the Baked Mussels if available: They are AMAZING!! Give Moon Wok a try if you are visiting NOLA, you will not regret it!Very good food. Have to say since we have been in NOLA probably the best food here lol and it's not CajunI have never had a bad meal from Moon Wok and I have been coming here my whole life. I absolutely love their chicken fried rice and their general tso chicken.Their food has always been good for a cheap Chinese fix. But they've recently started battering the fried chicken dishes, such as Sesame Chicken, in a great new batter! It's like beignet coating. Delicious! Their egg rolls are also better than Five Happiness. Heck, I think the chicken is better now, too. Plus you can get Vietnamese dishes. Delivery is fast, service is always great, and did I mention it's cheap?! Can't beat that.5 stars easy based on location and price!  I am eating a po-boy (bahn mi) in the French Quarter for $3.95
...that is allStumbled into this place almost completely out of the blue. I had no idea what to expect and we were handsomely rewarded. One young woman worked the front entirely and managed it quite well. She recognized her limitations and offered an appropriate amount of apology, but my impression was that no one in the place was bothered with the wait. The service fit right in with the decor, which was worn but quite comforting.
M and I ordered mostly Vietnamese; imperial rolls, spring rolls, pho and a po' boy. Several other dishes went by us while we dined, but the spring rolls and pho were the most popular. We both thought the food was delicious across the board. The kitchen did an excellent job of executing; providing what I expect in what we ordered while still making it their own.
We walked from Canal Street, the last few blocks as it started to rain, which may have contributed some to the coziness and appeal. We were fortunate that the experience at Moon Wok fit perfectly into our trip to New Orleans, rewarding us for its spontaneous discovery in sharp contrast to the expectations of our other dining experiences planned weeks or even months in advance.
I can't promise that you will be able to stumble into the same experience we were rewarded with at Moon Wok, but I think that you should reach for the possibility. For us it was quite a find.The only food in the French quarter I actually crave.  I just wish they didn't close for summer.  I love The imperial rolls, and since I love pho it satisfies my need. I could eat here almost every day off the weekThis place looks like it belongs in a third world alley somewhere, but if you are ok with that everything else is fantastic..  Excellent food, excellent variety on the menu, excellent prices, excellent service considering most everything appears to be made to order.
My personal favorites are the Vietnamese Chicken Salad and the Vietnamese Pork PoBoy.. The other things I've had are pretty predictable but excellent.. Served nice and hot, which is kind of unusual here in NOLA for some reason..I've had takeout from Moon Wok several times, and it's always good. I've had their Chinese and Vietnamese dishes. They are fresh, tasty, and big portions. And modestly priced
The people who answer the phone and staff the register are always friendly to deal with. I recommend it highly for good Asian takeout (it may not be the best place for "dine in", as it lacks ambience).We went in here not expecting much, but needed to eat something. Very pleasantly surprised. The flavor in the chicken cashew dish was amazing!  The General Tso chicken was also very tasty and was served with separate dishes for the rice, broccoli and chicken. If I was a local, I would definitely frequent this place.The absolute worst Chinese food that I have ever had in my entire life and since I don't cook, I've had a LOT of Chinese food in my life. Yelp should allow for zero or negative stars.  My first time ordering from this place, but since it's only a few blocks from my apartment and the Chinese place on Canal no longer delivers to this area, I decided to give this place a shot.  Never again!  When I opened the container, it looked like someone had ate half my food, yes, the portion was that small and pitiful looking:--(  Small portions I can forgive, but the food was beyond awful!!!  The chicken, the broccoli, even the onions tasted like they had been frozen for days and just reheated once I placed my order........terrible, people, just terrible!!  Look, I don't expect everyday Chinese food to be off the chain, 5 star caliber dining, but I do expect for it to be halfway decent.....just halfway is a-okay with me.  But what I had today was absolute crap!!!  I really need for Yelp to allow for negative ratings STAT!Super cheap and pretty tasty. For the price, this place is totally worth it - just plan on getting take out instead of dining in. The interior is a bit dirty.I'm a fan! Yep, best Asian food in or near the quarter. We enjoyed the beef-noodle salad and the fried rice was yummy with a hint of nutmeg(?) - not sure but it was good. I think I have a new favorite sammich in the Banh Mi; I inhaled it. For whatever reason, they weren't having soup that evening but I'm surely going back when they do.
FYI: my order was for delivery. The driver was prompt and the food was preserved from damage and/or sloshing.The three stars is for the pho only, overall I'd still call it a four star place for what it is, a Vietnamese dive in the Quarter with very reasonable prices.
The pho here is decent enough with the caveat that you'll only get two options for meat - beef or chicken.  (Places on the westbank will offer more beef options: flank, brisket, meatballs, tendons, etc)  The beef for Moon Wok's pho is flank meat, served rare and steeped in the hot soup.  It has a great taste if you eat it just as it reaches the right temperature.  The noodles are slightly flimsy and on occasion break without much effort.  The not-overly-oily broth contains the noodles, meat, green and white onions.  I can not detect very much anise, if any, in the soup served here.  You'll also receive a side plate to add cilantro, bean sprouts, lemon, and sliced chilies to your taste.  Basil leaves are not offered here as part of their standard garnish.  You will, of course, be given Sriracha and hoisin sauce as well.
I much prefer the pho at Tan Dinh or Pho Tau Bay, but short of travelling to the westbank you'd be hard pressed to find decent pho nearby.  So they get three stars for reasonable pho, lack of any nearby competition, and great prices, especially considering the quarter location.Quality food, cheap price. I ordered the ham and pork Bahn-mi, hot and sour soup, and jasmine iced tea. It was delivery and the iced tea was huge. Fairly strong and authentic flavor. The hot and sour soup was one of the best Ive had. I don't like a thick hot and sour soup, and this one consisted of a flavorful broth that was balanced and spicy with bamboo shoots and tofu. The Banh-mi had that standard Vietnamese bread and the ingredients were fresh. I will order again.Great deal!! $3 tofu banh mi!! WHAT?! It's a hole-in-the-wall but that's it's appeal. They also have a really tasty bun (Viet noodle dish) with tofu and avocado for $7.25?! Best deal in the district. 
Filling, super fresh and the service is super sweet, down-to-earth and local. If you want really great veggie options in the French Quarter that just so happen to be really cheap, wander into Moon Wok. All locals inside = that stuff is amazing.This restaurant was a two-star by New Orleans standard, but still fine. This is the sort of place you get looking for somewhere "cheap" in the Quarter.
In classic Quarter fashion, a homeless man was literally pooing on the sidewalk as we were walking in. Once we entered it looked like the kind of place where you get murdered. We ordered beef and broccoli that looked severely undercooked, but I guess we're still alive! I don't see myself returning.Had a real nice and cheap meal here in the middle of a Mardi Gras/Fat Tuesday evening. Off the hectic path of Bourbon just one block away you could tell locals and not tourists keep this place going. 
The noodles were decent but the crab rangoons stood out. Nice service.Great French Quarter spot. I walk by going to work early so I never did see it open to this weekend when I left by lunch time. Full of people so I stopped and ate. Service was excellent food well prepared. Prices low for the Quarter. I like Asian food and there is a big selection here. Makes eating cheap in the Quarter possible.Great break from the traditional Cajun food in the area. I love Cajun, but after a box of Zantac it's nice to have an egg roll. I had the honey chicken and fried rice. Both were perfect. The place is definitely small and dated but the prices are good, the food is great, and the service was fantastic. I would go again.Love their po-boys and general tsao's chicken!!! Yum!I'm really suprised that I haven't written a review of this place yet. I have probably eaten more here than anywhere else in the city. It's the perfect place to stroll to before having a long night out in the quarter. The only day they aren't open is Wednesday, FYI. 
I've had everything vegetarian or vegan on the menu. The service is fast, the staff is friendly (They know me by name and food order by now), and I love that you order your drinks by asking for a "big ass diet coke" or "big ass iced tea". Awesome. 
The decor is cheesy, but I ignore it because I'm too busy obliterating whatever I've happened to order. I love the tofu noodle bowl, tofu spring rolls, and OF course... their tofu bahn mi (po boy). I usually can't deal with the jalapenos, though (I'm a PANSY). The place is never full, so you never have to wait for a table. 
They have Chinese food on the menu, which appeases my less adventurous dining companions. I've only had the Chinese Vegetable Dish from that menu, and it was OK (generally, Chinese food doesn't appeal to me.)
EXTRA BONUS: If you're too hungover/lazy/sick/engrossed in a TV show, they will deliver your food to you, if you live close enough!!This is a great place to eat in NOLA and really affordable. The food was great and the portions were really big!A little hole in the wall, but definitely worth checking out!   The crab Rangoon was absolutely wonderful!Give vietnamese food a bad look on there food. I went here for lunch with an out of town family member. Since they were down for a convention and did not want to drive else where. I decided to google up vietnamese food around the area. And this one was the closest. Food was awful... I had order the "Pho" and it had came out cold. Another reason was it was dark dark brown. I think they had put the hosin sauce in it already and I mean it was not pho at all. Oh and we also order vermicelli  and meat. All I can say to that was it was like eating poo.  I never go here again even if I am desperate to eat vietnamese. Save your money and maybe get a lucky dog will be well worth your money.Moon Wok has become a weekly tradition in our house. It's on my way home from work, but more importantly: it's delicious. We've all had veggie fried rice, right? It all tastes pretty similar, yes? Not here. I don't know whether it's the freshness and variety of the veggies or the light-as-air rice they use but I can't get enough. And it doesn't make me feel sick or bloated, as most rice dishes do. I also love their sweet & sour chicken and spring rolls. Honestly, it's all good. They know what they're doing and they are incredibly friendly. Order carry out, grab a can of beer, and dance home.Went in for the pho. A couple of years ago it was pretty good. This time not so much. It was not like any pho I've had before. Yeah the place is grungy. And I can deal with that, but the food has to rise to the occasion. It does not.Why can't we have good Chinese food in the Quarter? I really wanted this to be good. Everything was noticeably frozen. I bit into the egg roll, and it tasted like a freezer. I couldn't eat it. I liked how many of the dishes offered a mix of vegetables. I just wish the vegetables would have been fresh. The eclectic interior of the restaurant was suitable, but the place need a good dusting.The best Asian food in the French Quarter. So OK, it's the only Asian food in the quarter. However it's delicious and it's cheap. In fact it may be the best bargain dining in New Orleans. Anytime we are in NOLA we pay a couple visits to this fine establishment. We are never disappointed. It won't win any prizes for decor, in fact it's a bit shoddy. But the great food more than makes up for it. The Menu is Chinese and Vietnamese. I have tried a number of dishes but have a hard time getting past the shrimp entrees. They are great. Be sure to give them a try. They are a hidden gem.This is the worst Chinese restaurant I have ever been to! I ordered the honey chicken with "fried rice" and an egg roll. After waiting for an hour and ten minutes, we were excited to see our food coming to the table. The fried rice had a clove taste to it and did not have one drop of soy sauce or any Chinese flavors. Our entire meal was barely edible, we left most of the food on our plates.