MoPho was recommended to me by son who is a chef.  Very unimposing location, but the food was fabulous.  Highly recommend the spring rolls, oysters, the must-order chicken wings, and any of the pho options.  Delicious milk chocolate pudding with caramelized bananas.  Give the "adult" blended boba drinks a try too...fantastic.First time ever trying this restaurant & boy it was not a disappointment! The hostess was very energetic & welcoming. Our waiter was nice & timed everything perfectly. 
We started out ordering the chicken wings....omg ORDER THESE BAD BOYS! They are delicious & filling. After we had ordered the wings, we decided to split the speciality pho of the day--pork pho. The pork pho was very flavorful & hearty. 
Our waiter mentioned happy hour specials as well. I will definitely be back again! If you are ever in the Mid-City area, stop in and dine here!I Want MoPho!
First time eating Pho and I want more! Such a warm and inviting bistro near city park. Deceptively simple from the outside, but...the deliciously addictive aroma of delectable treats tempts your palate from the moment you enter. 
Started with bread pankoras and the spicy vindaloo bites with coconut ranch dipping sauce. Our pho bowls-the vegetarian and the refresher-were so delicious and filling. Loved the bowls of fresh bean sprouts and herbs to add to the broth. Thanks, Deven, for a great taste of Delta inspired Vietnamese treats.Went with a group of 9 people for a quick dinner before Celebration at the Oaks. My company had a lot of the different specials, we loved the Sweet Potato and Brussels Sprouts dish. The ratio of meat to noodles in the Spring Rolls was a little low, but the combination with their peanut sauce was the bomb! I would definitely not recommend their Pho if you've had authentic Vietnamese Pho. My ex-girlfriend was Vietnamese and I was very spoiled by her and her family's home made Pho.
Once we started looking for our checks is when the trouble started. I asked our waitress if she could split our checks, but after saying yes I was handed one big check for the whole table (not split). After asking again about splitting, she said she could not do it and that we would have to tell her what each of us had. We proceeded to divvy up the check ourselves (writing a # next to each of our items for each individual and providing a credit card number), only to be handed 30 minutes later individual checks. Why did we have to waste our time divvying it up ourselves, when she ended up doing it for us at the end? Even then, she had split my check wrong and ended up charging my credit card twice :-(
Having worked in the service industry over 10 years ago, I had never encountered such issues with the checks. I was steaming when I walked out the door.
I do have to give the manager some props, he saw the frustration and had a conversation with his waitress and walked after me to get the details. He sincerely apologized for how bad the service was and promised to make sure it didn't happen again. Gave me his business card and asked me to give them another chance and that he'd cover the bill next time.
I hate to voice such strong opinions from a single visit, so I will definitely give them another try soon.Everything we had here was good, but by far the best were the po-mi (banh-mi) sandwiches. Delicious!I went to Mopho yesterday. I decided to try something I hadn't before. I got the pad thai. I usually love everything I order here, but I wasn't in love with the pad thai. I don't think it was gross or anything, and I believe that some people would love it. A server came around and asked "How is everything?". I responded that the appetizer and my wife's meal were excellent, but I wasn't in love with my dish.  Right there on the spot, she asked if I wanted anything else and took the pad thai away free of charge. I ended up just going with the beef broth pho, which was awesome! I have never been treated so well at a restaurant.  Mopho is not like any other restaurant though and they definitely have a unique way of handling any dish or situation. They made a life long customer out of me with how well they treated me.  
Thanks MoPho, You are the best.I've now eaten here twice and have yet to try something NOT delicious.
The shrimp and tofu spring rolls are, respectively, outstanding. I want to drink the accompanying peanut sauce as a meal in itself.
The P&J oyster poboy is arguably a top 3 poboy in New Orleans. It's not a sloppy dive bar poboy; aka a cheap hooker. Instead, at Mopho, you pay 14 dollars for a fine, moderately portioned yet brilliant work of art laden on duck pate over a french baguette. 
The clams entree is outstanding and cooked to perfection. It's a rich and wonderful treat paired with orange benghiets for purposes of sopping up all of that yummy juice.
Service is great here and there's ample parking in the little strip shopping mall harboring it. Prices are obviously higher than neighborhood competitors Burger King, Bud's Broiler, Subway, and Tacos del Mar, so I sincerely hope people take the time to cruise over to Mid-City and give this place a chance. Sadly, the lack of a drive thru will probably cost MoPho a large percentage of obese, lazy Yats in close proximity that refuse to leave their vehicle to eat. Such a shame.
This is one of the better spots in town. Do yourself a favor and try it out.I got forked at MoPho! 
When I sit down to eat, I carefully choose which food will be my last bite (the taste I want lingering the longest.) That thought never occured to me here. 
Ordered oxtail, pork shoulder, and chicken thigh pho in the beef base. This was tasty enough, but the portion size left me wanting. 
They do pig roasts for Saturday so my family also split the cochón appetizer and a cochón poboy. The pork was cooked in a coconut curry and served with bread similar to Indian nan mixed with a fajita. Not much else to report on this.
Food was top quality but I left feeling like I hadn't eaten anything taste wise. I did read that their wings are impressive but seems out of place for a place called MoPho. Theme is certainly confusing. 
There was nothing memorable about the place, nothing that made me say WOW when it was served, and nothing I would go back for.Had a fantastic lunch here. I'm not 100% sold on Vietnamese food (although I feel I eat it a lot), so I was interested to see MoPho's take on it. I do have to say I was impressed. I ate so much my hands were cramping from using the chopsticks!
We started with the Jicama and Asian Pear Salad. It was fresh and delightful. 
For entrees we had the shakin bourbon beef cheeks & grilled jumbo shrimp (both over popcorn rice). Mine was the shrimp- I loved it! Fantastic flavor. I also tried the beef cheeks- also delicious. 
And being that I am big on service in restaurants, I must add that our waitress was great and very upbeat. 
I will definitely be returning.I went to Mopho today because I was craving something different from the usual suspects around there.  They didn't disappoint.  I got the Pork Shoulder Spring Roll, and the Duck Po'boy.  They were both delicious.  The Duck Po'boy was messy but well worth getting.  The pork shoulder in the spring roll was nice and tender and went perfectly with the veggies.  I'll definitely be back again.I don't think I can write a totally fair review until I've had their pho but there was too many other enticing items on the menu to choose from! I got the pork belly bowl with vermicelli noodles--great presentation and flavor; was hoping the noodles to be a little more chilled. My boyfriend got the roast duck po boy which really reminded him more of a Bahn mi. And though we never thought we'd say this, it was a little too heavy on the cilantro. All in all a great place! Will have to stop by next time for the great happy hour deals and t try the pho.When I travel, eating is the cornerstone of my trips. I snacked my way through NOLA and can safely say this was my best meal. We got spring rolls, chicken wings, a coconutty pho, and an amazing lemon ginger ice cream for dessert. Every bite was downright magical. This was al on the recommendation of our incredible server. This place is out of the way for tourists but I highly highly recommend. This is the meal I've been dreaming about since I got home.Lukewarm oily broth vegetable pho served with a basket of wilted greens and about 10 broken sprouts. The replacement was even worse. NoMo-pho.  Disgusting.Cool restaurant. Relaxing atmosphere. For Asian food, it was a bit pricey. But we like to try new places. The spring rolls were very flavorful, but portion was small. The Pho soups were good, different favor from the tradional Pho. But again not enough meats or noodle. The egg addition was neat. The bubble mango mix drink was sour, not good. My poor husband said he was so hungry after he finished his Pho!Our first time here. The wings are as good as everybody says. Remember to drag them through the amazing sauce. Oysters were great, clams were great. Half price apps during happy hour. Definitely coming back then for the wings. I ordered the Two green eyes  cocktail and it was pretty awful, the other fancy drinks were delicious. I asked what made it taste so bad and was told it was the egg white. I don't know why because a Ramos   tastes great.  We were a little disappointed in the chanterelles special. The sauce was way too heavy so you didn't get the wonderful mushrooms taste. Sorry we didn't order the charred cabbage salad, it looked amazing.Heed the description in regards to this place being Asian fusion; in many cases delightfully, sometimes to the point of being contrite....I mean, There are things that just don't need fiddling with, an pho is one of them. Spaghetti DOES NOT belong in it EVER!
Cozy comfortable decor, friendly service.If you wrap up everything I hate about Awfulstin, TX into one restaurant, it would be Mopho.
They get an extra star because they carry Bud Light.  I only ordered it so I could snobbily be told "we don't carry Bud Light" but was shocked when the waitress returned with a cold BL.
I searched the menu for 15 minutes trying to find something to eat...
This "Asian inspired" restaurant is the brainchild of owner/chef Michael Gulotta.  Formerly chef de cuisine at Restaurant August.  If his name does not sound very Asian, that's because he is not.
This might help to explain why every ingredient has been hand selected with the utmost douchebagery.  Instead of a lamb dish, he instead offers "A slow roast lamb neck with smoked tofu and creole cream chese roti".  I think I gagged a little just reading most of the descriptions.  How about some lamb lardo with your Pepper Jelly Crusted Braised Cedar Key Clams.  Seriously?  Yes, seriously.
To begin, we shared an order of the wings and the crispy fried P&J Oysters.  The oysters tasted like any other fried oysters in New Orleans with a dipping sauce so nothing to write about.  The wings were horrible.  The chickens they come from  must be genetically mutated (or in the case of hipsterness, they were probably hand raised by a Brooklyn transplant living in the Bywater who raises chickens in his backyard).  They are HUGE.  HUGE is not a good thing in a chicken wing.  I've microwaved better wings that you buy frozen from Friday's.
As an entree, I ended up ordering the grilled jumbo shrimp over the popcorn rice (with much customization).  Actually all five of us ordered the grilled jumbo shrimp over popcorn rice because no one wanted anything else on the menu....
To be fair, the grilled shrimp over popcorn rice wasn't bad.  The popcorn rice was perfectly cooked and quite delicious.
If only the place didn't have to try so damn hard to be a pretentious, foodie, douchebag, hipster, foodspotting, mixology hell hole I'm sure Mr. Gulotta is a talented chef with creative ideas.
For those who wait in line to eat at Mopho, you can have it.We came here on a Thursday night and we got so luck because they happened to be doing an entire pig roast! This was a special charity event so the place was very busy. We obviously had to order that which was accompanied with some fresh roti and vegetables and a bowl of pho. 
We started off with the viper and violet femme drinks were eh- viper was so strong! Then our pho came out, bone marrow broth with a poached egg, mushrooms, and duck. They split it into 2 bowls for us which made it much easier for sharing! The pho was delicious, broth was super flavorful and the duck also delicious. We also got a spring roll on the side which was tasty. Finally the Cochon pig came out and wow was it amazing! The pig was so tender and flavorful and paired beautifully with the roti and fresh veggies. I've never had a full roasted pig before so this was a really treat. It was a perfect combination of meaty and fatty or crispy skin parts. 
The service was also very good. Whenever we needed something else or anything our server was very prompt and throughout the meal we had 3 other managers or servers come ask how we were doing. Plus this place smells amazing inside! A must try.Honestly the ingredients are good and the pho is made out of bone broth.... But it's not traditional pho.  So if you're looking for authentic pho, this isn't the place for you.  Their wings though with the lemongrass and fish sauce is out of this world!  The boba alcoholic beverages are also a unique touch.  For the area it's a nice, clean place to get some Asian fusion, but not if you want authentic flavors and prices.You should definitely go to Mopho, I tasted some amazing food, but there were also some less successful dishes on the menu.
Highlights:
Frozen Bubble Tea Cocktails  (BRILLIANT!)
Pork Steam Buns
All Desserts!
Less Successful:
Chicken Wings (need to be crispier)
Pork Belly Bowl - needs editing. There is too much going on in here.
This is a cool place for something different. I've been to Vietnam and I love any gastronomic nod to the country. There are some huge wins and big risks at MOPHO, but not every risk taken pays off. I commend the chef and staff at this spot and I think you should check it out.Brand new place and they just had a write-up in the Times-Picayune Lagniappe yesterday...  my husband is intrigued and wants to go for lunch on his birthday.  He's a total foodie, and I guess I'm becoming one too.  We got there right at noon and got a table for 5 immediately.  When we left they were taking names.  There is a nice outdoor area that was packed when we left, but it was cool today so we sat inside.  Nice layout, nice ambiance.  It does seem a little out of place at the end of a small strip mall and across from Burger King, but once you get inside you forget about that (as long as you don't park in Burger King's lot and get your car towed - we didn't).  
I had the Crispy Pork Belly Vermicelli and wow... that is some very tender, tasty pork belly.  I had to give everyone at the table a piece to taste since it was so amazing, but I wanted to keep it all for myself!  I added the fried egg too, because fried eggs make everything better.  Good choice for 50 cents.  The bowl was perfectly seasoned - I didn't add anything although they have soy sauce, plum sauce and Sriracha at the table, and my husband asked for fish sauce too.  He had the Shakin Beef Cheeks Vermicelli and was pleased, although he did doctor his up a bit.  Another guest had Beef Pho and she seemed equally pleased.  Condensed milk cake for dessert - great presentation with ice cream, some sweet crumbles and baked meringue.   Everything was very tasty.
This is the kind of place that my husband and I will put on our repeat list so we can try everything!  We need to go for dinner so we can try the cocktails.  Four stars because the service was a tad slow.  Took a while for the food to come out, and my water glass was empty for most of my meal, even though there seemed to be plenty of servers walking around refilling drinks (until I noticed mine was empty)...  Maybe they're still adjusting, or maybe it was a bigger lunch crowd than expected.  I'm forgiving and that will not affect my desire to return.  
We will definitely be back and I see no reason that it won't be on our short list of favorites.New restaurant that needs some more refining. The cheek with vermicelli did not have enough acid and noodles were overcooked. The cheeks themselves were not seasoned enough and undercooked. It was very bland. The jicama salad portion was very small and shrimp overcooked. The pork spring rolls and fried oyster were good but not overwhelming. Place needs more consistency for food quality and preparation as some members of the party said it was much better last time.Their Lemongrass chicken wings are the best wings I have ever had.  Also, if you feel like sharing a bowl of pho with you friend, they will split it in two bowls for you.  I have to be honest, most pho places are really focusing on their food rather than their services.  Mopho has the best service compared to all pho places I have been to so far (I have been to quite a few of them.)  Pho is okay there.  Dessert is great!!!  Price is reasonable but it's a little higher than most pho places.  I will definitely go back more often and try their other dishes.Yes it's packed and yes it's different.
The staff is great, our waitress was running her tail off but making timely appearances. 
I was disappointed.  The food was cold.  The oyster appetizer was cold by the time it got to our table as was our noodle dish.  The noodle dish could have used more texture - greens of some sort.     
Something tells me they will sort out their food running.  It all seems to be about 80% of the way there... but not quite.I dug this place. It's a great Asian fusion joint. Keep in mind, it's not traditional. That's why it says Asian by way of New Orleans. 
This trip we got...
Belly bowl - It was tasty. Braised pork belly and shoulder served over rice with a sweet sauce. 
Beef pho - Not traditional but tasted good. 
Chicken wings - These were pretty awesome. Sweet sticky crunchy delicious!
Pork Spring rolls - Yeah man...get em! Loved them. Get in my belly!
All in all, a good experience. Servers were attentive. Nice dining area and outdoor patio. I'll be back...Nice crew. Good service. However, food was so greasy. It's not actually Vietnamese style. Pho is supposed to be fresh and healthy. I've seen some asian fusion places serving ramen like the pho here. So I guess it's the Americanized version. I like the atmosphere and even the smell of this restaurant. It's true! Reminds of old memories and good restaurants I've been to before. Will come back again but should try other options not so greasy.I could eat here daily, it's that good. The wings, just get them. Pho? There's pork belly to put in there....do it. I am addicted to this place. The beer selection is good, friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. I want to try everything on the menu, but I can't stop getting the wings and pho!!!If you want Vietnamese food, don't come here 'cause it's not authentic; they're more like spin offs.  Service sucks a big one. And the food is overpriced. Expect all the noodle bowls to be 90% noodles. Fail. $8 for two spring rolls? Crack-smoking prices, considering they're not all that special. And the pho isn't pho. I'm sorry but it's too much of a spin off to be pho anymore. They're pretty much the Juan's Flying Burrito of Vietnamese cuisine here in New Orleans. Except not as tasty and delicious.Great grub. I'm a frequent visitor to N.O. & I'm a food fanatic.  My fiance & I loved the crispy chicken wings. She has a bit of a cold & wanted something to clear out her sinuses & the fowl broth pho w/ duck sausage & pork belly w/ a dash of sriracha did the trick. I hammered the clams & don't have a single bad thing to say about the trip. Thanks to the staff!Great food and atmosphere. Pho is wonderful and very good quality. Staff very friendly.Super interesting menu! The chicken wings are their best seller and rightly so. They are amazingly crisp and seasoned with asian herbs and spices. Big wings too! Our other two entrees were an interesting fusion of aromatic asian spices and robust cajun food. A more little rich and heavy  than we are accustomed to  (hence 4 stars), but well worth trying. The lemongrass ice cream sandwich for dessert was divine! Definitely coming back again!Weirdest pho restaurant I have ever been too. If I ever come back I would not order the pho again. Very eccentric for a Vietnamese restaurant. Definitely more for the Americans. There were not any Vietnamese customers. Not sure if there were any Vietnamese workers. I heard a customers ask their waitress what does pho mean and she said she was not sure, maybe soup? Oh my goodness. Yes, I've had way better pho at not so high end looking restaurant.The pork belly bowl was delicious. Casual environment and relatively inexpensive for a great meal.Awesome spot for trendy viet food.  Particular strengths are unhealthy appetizers and the cocktail program.  The lemongrass chicken wings and fried calamari are artery clogging goodness. I tend to some more adventurous main courses which has mixed results.  My last outing was a plat of very good clams served with two giant floppy fried beignet sticks which I would have traded in a heartbeat for some old fashioned crusty bread. In future I might stick with small plates and some their very tasty drinksBLUF:  The first time I went here I wasnt very impressed but the past few times it has been amazing.  Seems like a different menu each time and each time we are very pleased.
Second time we went we went for happy hour.  Half off appetizers.  You HAVE to get the wings.  Very awesome.  You have to get them even if it isnt happy hour.  Well worth it.
Got a sweet potato curry dish once and it blew my socks off.  Got a short ribs and sticky rice meal once which was difficult to eat and needed more curry but not bad.  The spicy crawfish rolls were awesome and tasted very fresh.  Others got the shrimp and grits which were awesome as well and had a lot going on and a good asian spin.  Very awesome.
Great service and nice outdoor atmosphere with standard indoor seating.  
Overall a great place especially for happy hour and to try their ever changing menu.Duck po-boy (really bahn mi) for $8? Yes please.  So tasty...Still dreaming about it four days later. Craft cocktails get the thumbs up, too. Can't wait to go back and try more things!Good lunch spot - we enjoyed sitting out back and the service was more then adequate.  Very responsive and timely.  My husband had the sausage poboy and started with the intention of only eating half - FAIL - He finished it!  I had the Asian pear and jicama salad - it was very tasty, and I'll have it again.  We shared the spring rolls between three of us and they were very good - especially the peanut dipping sauce - they were the largest spring rolls I've ever seen.  Also enjoyed the jasmine tea - and refills were plentiful - we'll be back!It was really good the first time we went. So we have been going back frequently since (4 times in two weeks). Food is good, but only issue so far is the beef w marrow broth (pho) isn't consistent thusfar and we had it all 4 times we have been there. The glazed pork belly bowl is okay. The pepper jelly braised cedar clams were to die for, the annatto beignets made it so very savory. The beignets did it for me! Crispy chicken wings were good. Just a little bit too sweet for me.I'm loving the chicken wings, bubble drinks, ribs, po boys, fowl pho with duck and tofu, and rice bowl dishes. I've been there 3 times so far and plan to go again tomorrow!! It can be super casual and affordable, or you can go all out. Oh yeah I loved all the desserts and whole fried fish!!!!Don't come here expecting authentic pho. That's not what you're going to get. They do give pho a tasty twist, however! You can pick among different types of preset bowls, or build your own. I opted to build my own -- Jamie (spelling?) was super helpful in explaining the differences between the broth options, and I'm glad he did, otherwise I wouldn't have picked the right one for me. The choices are beef with marrow ($10), fowl ($9), or vegetarian ($8). I would have gone with the beef, but apparently that one's a little thicker with a stronger taste and more oily, so I went with the fowl instead (a lot lighter), and was super happy with it! You can pick three standard meats to go inside your bowl (each additional standard is 50 cents), and if you want premium or top shelf options, you're going to have to pay $1-2 more for each. 
I got the fowl broth pho with pork shoulder, flank, and chicken thigh. They gave SO MUCH meat! I was eating chicken thigh long after my noodles were gone, so I wish I was given more noodles rather than meat. Or if they had an option to buy an extra side of noodles that would've been nice too. The broth is also plentiful since it comes in such a big bowl, and I would've sipped it all if I wasn't so full.
Another plus about this place -- they have alcoholic boba! They use a mixture of normal and popping boba. I didn't know that it'd be a slush drink rather than just on the rocks, but it was still good. I got the Stone and Spice with Ginger Vodka ($9), which has passion fruit, mango, peaches, orange, and ginger. I couldn't really taste the ginger at all which was disappointing because I got the ginger vodka in it... but it was still refreshing and not too sweet.
They have happy hour M-F 3-6pm with a good deal on wings, which are supposedly really good, and certain drinks, so I'll definitely be back another time to try them out!MOPHO is one of my favorite "Asian Fusion" restaurants in New Orleans. My favorite element is the option to handpick the contents of your pho. I chose to include chicken combs and pig snouts... which was strange but definitely worth trying if you're feeling experimental (or masochistic?). 
Also make sure to check out their alcoholic bubble teas! Because why not make something adorable also get you drunk?It pains me to type this review because I want so much more for this place, and we even had the pleasure of meeting the chef. I ordered the slow-roasted and crispy-fried eggplant vermicelli. I loved the sesame flavor, and the portion was good, but I thought it lacked the layered and textured herbal flavor that is so akin to Vietnamese food. My girlfriend's beef pho was tasty but also lacked the fresh, vibrant complexity of other phos we have had throughout the city. We came in with an open mind and an understanding that this place is a fusion, but it is overpriced and lacking the authentic components that makes Vietnamese food so palate pleasing. It is unfortunate because the chef took the time to visit our table and was extremely friendly, genuine and passionate about the menu. 
In addition, the atmosphere in this place is tepid and cold. The place was moderately busy when we were there, yet you could drop a pin and still hear it. I am not sure why everyone was whispering but we felt we had to as well. I love the open concept, but it is almost too open here. The hostess stand is in the middle of the restaurant, and it is just awkward. Maybe a little artwork or hanging room dividers would make it flow better and warm up the restaurant and my indifference toward it.Good good, weird ambiance- very dark. The duck is do good! Tangy and delicious! Pho was just ok. Could get better elsewherethe tea drinks w boba was incredibly flavorless and the boba itself was rock hard. actually MOPHO nasty. wings which were recommended and "popular" was a disappointment. the chef tried to be creative with the sauce and change it up but ended with a mess. they thought outside the box and got lost. 0/10 would recommend.The chicken wings were excellent, however the pork belly dish was nothing but a dried up pork chop,very disappointed! Also it was my daughter's birthday, which they knew about, reason for us being there. This was not even acknowledged except as we were leaving,the waitress said "happy  birthday ",well thanks after a $220 bill!Great food, great drinks.  Great owners! Clams are a must! Everything is delicious.  Love the place.  Wonderful addition to Mid-City.The food was great and Mopho has a great atmosphere. Must order the brussels sprouts! Don't let the menu scare you, just order something it will definitely be flavorful and different than anything you've had before. If you are going with a larger group try to make a reservation before hand.Wow! Food is definitely delicious but pretty pricey. I have come here a couple of times. The first time I came I got a noodle dish, which was ok. Recently I came here, and I didn't even see it on the menu. The shrimp in it was good but the cold noodles were kind of weird. But the past two times, I got the pho. Their pho is one of the best I have had. They give you a lot and you can pick your soup base (fowl, beef, vegetarian) and three items to put in it...flank, oxtail, trite, tofu, mushrooms, etc. Some of the items and bases cost more than others. I paid about ten dollars and it was so worth it! I had plenty leftover! My friend got the clams, which he said was really good and they gave him plenty. I would definitely recommend Mopho if you are craving a good pho! They also have happy hour from 3-6, which I definitely want to try!Wings were excellent.  I wouldn't typically order wings at this type of restaurant, so i am glad I followed all the Yelp reviews and ordered them.  Spring rolls are pretty good, too. Ordered the beef pho and it was tasty and a large serving.  The prices aren't too bad if you stick to pho and appetizers. Service was mediocre.  I really hope this place succeeds, because I am addicted to the chicken wings.We started with the shrimp spring rolls(good)  and chicken wings with ginger (sweet).  The pho is sweet.  I had ordered the beef and was surprised at the sugar level.   The person sitting next to me commented his duck pho was sweet as well.   They kept the star anise level down, but the sugar was too much. I agree with the previous comment that spaghetti does not belong in pho.   The lamb neck with beets was very good, but not much lamb in the bowl.   The shrimp and ham po-boy was tasty as well....good bread.   The vermicelli dishes have noodles served at room temperature as we noticed by another comment from nearby tables.Amazing Pho with even greater service. For 10 dollars (lunch special) received a large  enough portion of Pho and ordered an order of delicious  fresh spring rolls to go on the side.So I heard about this place and as I drove up all I saw was the Burger King because the place is almost unnoticeable.  Don't let that fool you! Go in and thank the Gods for your good fortune to decide to dine here!
Ok, the wings appetizer. Who would go into a place with such fun and exciting offerings and get wings?? Well,  YOU should! Crispy skins.  Moist meat.  That's not even the good part! That sauce!! Whaaaaaaat?! Should be illegal! What's that fancy word for holy moly heavenly goodness that makes you dance and sing to yourself? Umami? 
And I'm a Pho fanatic.  Pho real. That bone marrow broth with practically every add in. Yes......Go! 
Oh, and I happily pass on that they have paper straws(yes they hold up during use) so us gluttons don't also have to be destroyers of our water friends.Pho Tau Bay is closed?! Sad sad news for New Orleans!  I decided to try this place. It got very good reviews. I  like traditional food with a modern flair, so I was pretty excited. I tried the P and J oysters, pork crispy egg rolls, and pork spring rolls. Oysters were very good.  Juicy.  Their peanut sauce is heavy and flavorful.  I added kale, quail egg, and meatballs to the beef Pho, along with the fresh options they bring with the bowl. It was tasty!  Good broth.  I ran out of noodles long before I was ready.  The service here was lacking.  Waitress argued with me when she brought the wrong appetizer.  I kept it to take home just to end the argument. Everything tastes good.  But inattentive wait staff can diminish the dining experience.  Asked for boxes.  Didn't get them.  Waited and waited for the check.  You get the idea. Solid good food.A group of friends and I decided to try this place out.  The atmosphere is nice, the staff friendly and then menu, well.....
It's good, don't get me wrong.  I ordered the Fingerling Sweet Potatoes.  It was nice.  The brussel sprouts were a lovely addition.  My only pick with it is that I felt it was highly overpriced for what it was (sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, and coconut milk) at $15.00.  Friends at the table ordered vegetarian pho and grilled jumbo shrimp.  I got the same reaction from everyone....good, but not great.  Sharing dessert with everyone was a good decision.  I cannot remember the name of the two sweet treats we ordered, but we were more impressed by them than the actual meal.  
I would go here again to explore the menu more.Mopho's dishes are always fresh and tasty. The chicken wings are to die for. Crispy, and the sauce on them is fantastic. I've liked everything I've had there, but I did find one of the tofu dishes with greens and veggies to be a bit too spicy. Amazing pho and you have to try the shrimp and grits! The service is also great, each server I've had knows a lot about the menu and they give good recommendations.I always try to make a trip to mopho when I visit New Orleans. I've got nothing but good things to say about them. The atmosphere, staff, and food are fantastic. Try the lemongrass wings, they're stellar!Pho me once, shame on you; pho me twice, shame on me.
(Apologies for adding to the world's oversupply of bad pho puns. But after a second subpar meal at MoPho, the above line seemed completely appropriate.)
Our first meal at MoPho was about a week after it opened, and was completely underwhelming - probably inevitable given the massive amount of preopening hype this place received (EaterNOLA was giving it two or three breathlessly enthusiastic posts a week for months), but disappointing nonetheless given the chef's pedigree and the open, appealing space in an otherwise nondescript strip mall near City Park. 
The appetizers we ordered were completely forgettable, and I mean that literally; I cannot for the life of me remember what we ate. But I do remember how lukewarm and stingily portioned the pho was: despite some creative and potentially tasty add-ins like grilled mustard greens and roasted tofu, it didn't come anywhere near the quality and flavor of the pho served up in any number of joints on the West Bank, and was overpriced by at least a third given the smallish portion. And there's really no excuse for serving pho at room temperature, especially during a lunch hour when the restaurant was barely half full. I chalked it up to a kitchen still finding its bearings and resolved to give it another try.
After a second lunch at MoPho, I'm now sure I won't be coming back. Dishes were once again consistently served at the wrong temperature. A tangle of watery jicama salad was unpleasantly warm. A $13 grilled shrimp noodle bowl featured warm, overcooked noodles swimming in a puddle of watery dressing with four puny, overcooked shrimp strewn on top - a far cry from the bright, fresh, and cool noodle salads served at places like Tan Dinh or Pho Tau Bay. A $14 oyster po-boy was decent, if somewhat on the mushy side (and again, overpriced for the portion size). Even the much-vaunted alcoholic bubble teas were a disappointment - more like spiked fruit smoothies (not necessarily a bad thing, but nothing special either.)
The service is friendly, and as mentioned the space is comfortable and bright - I can see the back patio becoming a great place to hang out as the weather gets warmer. And the restaurant's commitment to seasonal ingredients and small/local purveyors is commendable (artisanal soy sauce on the table, anyone?) You really get the sense that these folks are trying hard - maybe a little too hard. 
But the food still isn't very good.
In a city that's fortunate enough to have some of the best Vietnamese food in the country close at hand, a restaurant that attempts a creative spin on classic dishes like pho and banh mi really needs to step up its game in order to stand out. Alas, and despite its apparent efforts, MoPho is not that place. Sure, heading to the West Bank for my Vietnamese food fix means spending more time to get there and more money on gas - but given the mediocre eats and high prices at MoPho, I figure I'll still come out ahead.Great food. Oyster app was very intriguing. Pho was inventive and delicious. Crab noodle bowl was very tasty. Will definitely be back.Absolutely delicious, never a bad call. Waitress was kinda rude but whatever it was busy I wasn't too concerned food was out on time and order was right. Would definitely give 5 stars but the don't have sake which blows my mind!!! Other than that, pretty spacious and affordable.First, I have to say how much we love this place and that we really enjoy food here! Especially the Lemongrass wings as well as the Chocolate Tart with Condensed Milk ice cream! Oh, their ribeye (pho), great quality!
We had quite an experience last week at this place. We ordered the Wok Fried Ramen and it came out the way we did not expected. Needless to say, the dish was a little too small and messy to eat, and it was a little pricey for an entree. (See my last updated review). We expressed how we felt last week to the Manager/owner (Jeff) and he was handling it professionally.
Anyhow, we got a response from the same manager/owner few days later through here.  He stated that he tried the dish himself and felt the same way we did. He also mentioned that him and the head chef were trying to improve this dish. Therefore, he would like to invite us back for a try again.  So we went tonight......
The dish was such a great improvement! They put that as an appetizer now with more reasonable price. Originally, there was a whole crab in this dish and it was too messy to eat. Also, it was a little too spicy to even taste the freshness of the crab. (See original picture posted) However, the new improved version was so much better. They use crabmeat instead of the whole crab and it's less spicy which brings out the flavor and freshness of the crabmeat. I love it and will order it again next time!
I have to say that our experience this time was so much better, and the fact that they would take such constructive criticism to continuously improve themselves has truly led this place to succeed. During this visit, our server was so friendly and appreciative for us to give a second try.  I am truly impressed!  This is my regular restaurant now! 
By the way, next time you go there, try their roasted Brussel sprouts appetizer. It is so crispy and perfectly seasoned. The dipping sauce for this dish is a winner!  It reminds me of eating fried calamari! Who says that vegetables can't be delicious?!If you're like me and enjoy traditional Vietnamese food and not fusion crap, then you won't like it. Really it should not be called Vietnamese food. It's uncultured and unflavored.The oyster Po boy and the spring roll was the best thing. So good on those. The frozen old fashioned is amazing but say no to boba because those get hard when frozen. But don't get the noodle bowl it's underwhelming, even if they say it's a special smoked lamb one. SighAmazing Pho! I've eaten at a dozen Pho places since I first tried Mopho and nothing has compared since.Probably one of the best meals of my life. I got a late reservation here with my two friends who had had an exhausting day and were looking for some comfort in the form of warm dumplings and curry. We all decided on the chicken dumplings (tasted nothing like traditional dumplings but delicious nonetheless- breads and gooood), the green chile curry (amazing- exactly the comfort we were looking for), the roasted Brussels sprouts (delicious- perfect combination of sweet and salty), fried oysters and a pork dish. 
We were so excited about our meal that our server brought out the chef so we could thank him. He hooked us up with some green tea matcha cake and Greek yogurt-type ice cream. Very delicious, tangy and light. 
Decor is simple and sleek, good location on the outskirts of Mid City and the service was great! Overall the experience was great and helped my group and I turn around a very hard day. Thank you MoPho!I'd heard a lot about this place and finally got a chance to head over and see what all the fuss was about. The atmosphere here is great. it has this cool industrial/contemporary style that adds to the experience. The place was extremely clean and the staff was very personable.  
   I was given a small "tour" of the place by one of the waiting staff, and I absolutely love the look and feel of the place. They have a beautiful patio where they also grow herbs and roast a pig every Saturday. The residual smoke and smell from that left the entire restaurant smelling amazing. 
   Great selection of beers, and a large bar compliment their menu, which has many seasonal offerings. 
   My wife ordered the pork belly with rice and I the beef pho with oxtail, ribeye, meatballs and pork belly. I didn't really taste what she ordered, but she thoroughly enjoyed it and it looked amazing. The pho was simply the best I've ever had. The broth is much more flavorful than most I've had, and the proteins offered were great. (Though personally I didn't care for the texture of the pork belly in the broth. It should have been seared first or something.) The meatballs and oxtail were the highlight. Simply fantastic! Will definitely come again!Was ok, wanted to like it more.  Oysters excellent but i wanted some heat from the chili.  The rest was forgettable, but good. Wouldn't come back.The food and décor both lived up to expectations;  In fact, the chicken wings and fried oysters exceeded them--they were great.  The fowl pho was delicious and surprisingly filling and the beef ribs tender and well flavored.  The poor boy was good though not as special as the other entrees.  Thanks to the other reviews we knew to get here early for lunch, so we got a table right away.  There was a line by the time we left.  The patio seating looked inviting.  Our waiter was helpful and attentive; he did make 2 mistakes on the check (so look it over before paying) but given the newness of the staff and busyness of the restaurant we weren't too upset. Look forward to returning to try other dishes.Amazing food and service! When we sat, we explained the food allergies to our server, Marieke. She said (politely) that they were not going to be able to serve us as their food contains the allergens. One of the partners stopped us from walking out and said they would create dishes just for us. What came out from the kitchen was some of the best food we've eaten in New Orleans. The pork spring roll was the best spring roll I've ever had. The grazed beef ribs melted in my mouth with the perfect meat to fat ratio. The beef pho, chefs special concoction, and mopho wings were all top notch! Dessert was an amazing chocolate pudding with a hint of sesame and small finger banana.  This is a must eat place. Truly worthy of 5 stars! Oh 1 downside. Don't park at the Burger King next door. He was out there having cars towed for people that weren't eating his food. (Jealous much?)Food was absolutely wonderful. I had the winter squash curry with nan, a nice drink, and we shared the lemon/lavender sorbet for dessert. I liked the atmosphere of the place. I will definitely go back and try something else.The moment I arrived I was greeted by a young man named Rob, who immediately told me my server would be  Dianne.
I didn't have to wait but a few minutes. I wanted a merlot but they were out of it so Diane introduced me to one I  had never tried. It was a  a slow down, sexual chocolate cabernet 2014. It is so good I wanted to hug her. So young so brilliant. Dianne knew her wines. She and Rob made you feel very special. Dianne was excellent, she knew the menu, and I trusted her suggestions. 
Dianne also suggested the appetizer, the crispy fried oysters" OMG with radishes , bits of spinach and  blue cheese and the mopho mayo . I want to marry the chef, huh, yes you heard me.  I can't talk right now, my pho is coming.
Omg I ordered the oxtail pho, spinach oxtail, tendon mushrooms, tripe, braised greens, kale, and poached egg. The flavors are bursting all over the bowl,noodles, are perfectly cooked, the soup itself is so good, it's hard to imagine one chef having the ability to combine so many ingredients and make them work together like this. 
The servers are top of the line. Professional , tables are welcoming, cleaned as soon as someone leaves. 
Rob and Dianne are the best. I felt so good when I entered . The house wine is excellent. I ordered  the pork belly and the  Cochon to take out. 
The ambiance is really nice. The bar is right in the center and the house wines are really good. I could have stayed there thru several courses  of entrees.
I had the privilege of meeting Chef Paul. I certainly spewed out the accolades he so well deserved. This young Chef is a genius. The flavors in his creations are
absolutely marvelous and memorable. I want my bucket list filled with everything on his menu. 
Put MoPho on your list of restaurants to go to. You won't  be disappointed. This is the best American spin on Vietnamese cuisine l have ever experienced.  I'll be back now y'all heah! MOTried Mopho for dinner this past Saturday night. It was relatively busy, so we opted to sit at the bar. Ordered the P&J oysters and chicken wings for appetizers. It was absolutely delish!! I got the pork belly bowl with rice. The pork belly was fatty and chewy and super flavorful. But the pork shoulder piece they gave me was a bit too tough to chew or cut, so I gave up on it. My boyfriend got the clams and our bartender recommended getting a side of rice for the leftover juice from the clams. The bread that came with the clams almost tasted like a churro and was a pleasant surprise. Overall, the food was super decadent and yummy. Sadly, we were too full to try any of their signature drinks.I came in with low expectation about the food since it has 3.5 stars and it is a fusion food. What I experienced is truly something different.
The wings are truly amazing. I couldn't imagined that they would go well with the spice. The meat is juicy while the taste is amazing. I also tried the pho and the broth is good comparing to others Vietnamese restaurant with the same price range. The meat that goes with it is great as well. They gave us more meat than noodle, which is a good deal as well.
This restaurant should be 4-4.5 stars on Yelp.The wings were really good but the food wasn't as good. This MOPHO is a NO GO unless you want really good wings.We came in on a Wednesday evening wanting to try this cheeky named restaurant. We were greeted and seated promptly. We ordered the chicken wings, beef pho and pork pho. 
Chicken Wings - great flavor, super crispy, super hot. It was delicious! I'd come back just for those
(Growing up eating pho, with a Vietnamese background, and two different palates, we both kinda know what a good bowl of pho tastes like..) 
Beef Pho - we both thought the pho broths were bland. The elements of a pho broth were not there. It was definitely meaty though, not a good noodle to protein ratio. I ate some of the food but couldn't slurp the soup like I usually like to. 
Pork Pho - again, the broth was not good. For the pork pho, it seems as if they took all types of pork and prepared it all the different ways they could and threw it in the bowl. The ham, grilled pork, and fried pork did not go well with pho. Keep it with the rice, not soup. For a man who loves meat, he even thought the amount of meat he received was a bit on the heavy side. 
The service was lackluster. The server seemed to have a slight attitude which we can overlook since it was slight. The food runner didn't speak at all when placing our food on the table. Besides coming for the food, we also go for the experience. 
We will not be coming back..It's all just so good!
So flavorful. 
I like to build my own pho. But I honestly haven't had anything underwhelming here.
Everything is so delicious.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans for consistently excellent and unique cuisine. Sadly I have not had the pho yet but everything is so good; last time I got the curry, it was fantastic. The wings are a must get and the cocktails are also top notch.My husband and I went to Mopho for the first time last night after hearing this was a yummy Viet place.  The menu is somewhat limited, not too much to chose from, but hey, if it is good, I would rather a restaurant perfect fewer dishes than to have a larger menu and it be mediocre.  It seemed a little pricey, but I hoped the portions would match the price so I wasn't so concerned.  My first impression of the place was nice. Real nice bar and very friendly service.  We ordered The Standard Pho and the Pork Belly bowl over rice with spring rolls and poached egg added on the recommendation of our bartender/server. Nice presentation and all ingredients looked and tasted fresh. All the flavors from the dishes were very good.  I have been to more traditional Vietnamese restaurants and this isn't one of them, but that is ok too. I am all about trying different versions of ethnic food. However, even though the flavors were good, the pork belly dish we ordered did not add up to the price.  On average, I believe you should receive at least 4 oz of protein with ordering a dish with meat. This bowl didn't come close with very little meat in it . So that was a disappointment. I felt that we didn't get our money's worth.  There also wasn't much meat in the Pho.  As stated, both dishes were tasty, just not enough protein to justify the price. If you search through some of the other reviews you will see others mention the portions not adding up to the price.  If this restaurant did some improving on their portions, I am sure no one would leave feeling like they paid too much for what they received. If I hear they have improved in this area, I would likely go back to dine again. As of now, I would go elsewhere and spend the same or less and get more.Excellent appetizers in the crispy chicken wings and fried p&j oysters. Both the pho and the duck po'boy were super delicious.  We will definitely be returning!Let me start off by saying I love Vietnamese food. I eat it once or twice a week! Once we found that our favorite Vietnamese restaurant was closed for the 4th of July, we decided to try Mopho. Mistake. The menu was, I assume, supposed to be unique and innovative. But instead they left me with very very few options of meals to eat. I ended up (almost by default) ordering the "beef cheeks" with rice. What a disappointment. For $13 I received one tiny bowl of flavorless over cooked rice with the most poorly flavored beef I've yet to eat. Why did my meal taste like an Indian dish? This was spicy, mixed with cinnamon, cumin perhaps, and who the hell knows what else. Needless to say I left dissatisfied. I followed this meal up with a visit to Cane's. Yes that's right, the fast food chicken fingers were better than that wreck of a meal from Mopho. Other than passing the word of mouth regarding how terrible this meal was, they won't be hearing from me again.  Also, the service was beyond mediocre. (Try out Magasin for some actually delicious Vietnamese food, you won't be disappointed)I have never had a sub-par meal here, ever. I'm not a big pho guy, and I love this place. The lemongrass chicken wings alone are so good they made me want to be a better man. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but start with those wings and know true joy again. They also roast lamb and whole pig and have specials accordingly, which are out of sight. Great drinks, cool atmosphere, great service, a cool and attentive owner who will come check on you. Great part of town. I don't know what else you need! You don't have to be a fan of pho to love this place. And if you know what's good, you'll love this place.