They have a lot to learn about service. The male bartender was super apathetic and seemingly annoyed by our existence...ex: when taking our brunch order he just walked up and said "Food?" In general he couldn't be bothered to interact with us, let alone do it with any hospitality. 
Lousy drinks --  the mimosas are a ripoff. We ordered a carafe, but it was 90% juice, only the neck was topped off w/ sparkling wine. We're not ordering juice here, people, we're ordering drinks! A mimosa should be mostly sparkling and topped w/ juice. I asked if he could add more but his adjustment made no difference. But here's the kicker -- when a friend of the apathetic bartender sat next to us, she was welcomed with smiles and jovial hospitality, and when she ordered a mimosa guess what she got? 90% sparkling wine, topped with juice! You know, the way they're supposed to be made.
Clearly there's no front-of-house manager to oversee and ensure good service.
Food-wise, it's meh. The forgettable $13 & $15 entrees didn't come with sides, so you gotta pay extra to have potatoes or grits or bacon w/ those eggs.
Sorry guys, but New Orleans is a food and hospitality town....You aren't even trying. I don't imagine Morrow's will be around unless you step up your game in a major way. (and writing yourself fake reviews wasn't the solution -- glad Yelp removed them!)I hate to do this. But the experience was terrible from start to finish and I'll have to post "buyer beware." I almost don't know where to begin...but let's start with the extraordinarily long line-it's Essence Fest so I get it, lines are everywhere.   But we were 7th on the wait list and waited over 2 hours.  We watch while "celebrities-not" breezed in from off the streets to be seated in front of myself and other paying customers who also had been waiting for HOURS for what would be a mediocre meal.  
We were told that the "owner was hosting them at his private table."  Problem is the place has 20 tables and a bar so if the owner wanted to pay for or host "celebrities"  -he/she should've closed for the day.  It's called, "closed for a private event." It felt exclusionary and demoralizing.  What happened to valued customer service?
And then I get inside and order and wait, and wait, and wait another hour before food finally arrives.  My sweet potato pancakes were dense-not moist or fluffy and my spinach and feta omelette was unseasoned and light on the feta. Everything was warm-not hot, not cold-just warm.  Did someone forget to grab from the window on time for a hot plate to arrive to my table?  It wasn't just me though the salmon, bananas foster, and shrimp and grits that my friends ordered all arrived warm.  The grits are dense and bland and not at all cheesy-really.
Once half of our order arrived the waitresses disappeared and we were hunting folks down to ask for silverware hot sauce and syrup.  Wait staff seemed uninterested in our polite feedback and dismissive.  
This is a new restaurant trying to make a good name but it left a bad taste.  I will not recommend and will not be back.  
Two stars because it was edible.The waitstaff were attentive and very nice! That is the only positive comment that I have for this establishment: I waited fir over an hour while moderate celebrities were ushered in. After all of the waiting the food was not good. Grits were hard and not seasoned, shrimp & fish over cooked, it was a disappointment.Although the food is great, this place gets 1 star because of the incredibly long wait and disorganization of the hostesses. There has to be a better system to get people in the door. It's just ridiculous. After over 2 hours in line,  we get to the door, just to have our name taken to be put on a list and told we have an additional hour and a half wait (ended up being less than an hour). Do better!Food was good.  Appetizer (gumbo) was served quickly, but entree took a little while to come.  I had the chicken breast, braised cabbage, and Mac and cheese.  Cabbage was really tasty.  Service wasn't bad, being that this is a new restaurant.  Will be going back for the crawfish pasta.  I heard it was really good!I expected more. I'm writing this review after multiple visits. The most amazing thing I had was the fried fish. It was legendary. I was disappointed with the flavoring of the pasta that came along with the fish. It was surprisingly very bland and tasted like it was previously frozen. I wanted more flavor. Wings are very good. I tried the lettuce wraps and was surprised at the small sized meat portion for the price. You can't go wrong with any of the desserts. They all were good. Dishes seemed to be a little overpriced to me. I don't mind paying for a good meal and experience at all, but the food for the prices just don't add up to me. Drinks are also a little pricey.We loved our first visit to Morrow's which is new addition to the culinary offerings in our New Orleans neighborhood. The food was excellent -- we had red beans and rice and fried chicken. The red beans were just delicious -- Is say the best we've had (and we've had them all over the city). The fried chicken was very tender, subtly spiced and beautifully crisped. I admit I was a bit leery reading the poor reviews about the long waits for food and service, but as a new restaurant, they had some kinks to work out. At this point though the service is excellent. Kasii, our waitperson was very attentive, friendly, and helpful.Morrow's was recommended by an Uber driver as a great local spot, and LAWD was He ever right.  The night before we went to Neyows which turned out to be a flop, however this place did not disappoint. 
Fantastic Redfish, Garlic mashed potatoes and Crawfish Etouffee.
Blair was fabulous! Good looking out. 
Waiting on desert, but I'm sure if it's anything like their food then it'll be YUM YUM!
Well, the Hawaiian Bread Pudding came and BANG, they did their thing.Came for brunch on a Sunday. Good food, good music, great service. Away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarters, but so worth a relaxing wine down brunch(or whenever you decide to come). Only thing that's on you: good company(I had that). Other than that, they have you covered.
I had the crab cake benedict(comes with one) and has brown(more like breakfast potatoes)
My partner had steak and eggs. I tasted some- it wasn't over seasoned. It was just right with no need for A1 sauce. She finished every bite(which doesn't happen often).This establishment came highly recommended from a local. We decided to visit our last night in NOLA. We waited 2 hours to be seated. Service was horrible, food was cold and the owner sister was nonchalant about our concerns. They added 20% gratuity to a party of three. When questioned about the automatic gratuity, owner sister stated "all restaurants do this during Essence"....I told her that's untrue, she disagreed. This means this establishment takes advantage of Essence visitors. 
The male waiters could not provide decent service due to their lack of focus and flirting. I do not recommend this eatery and will ensure I leave bad reviews on all social media forums.If you're in NOLA and want great food outside of the French Quarter, stop by Morrow's. I highly recommend the BiBimBap. The prices are great. Extremely friendly staff. The drinks are !! The location is small, but the food packs BIG flavor! The owner/proprietor, Larry Morrow, is Nawlins native and he's all about serving his community. I suggest getting there early, as they're known to have a line. Just know, it'll be well worth the wait!!Horrible customer service!!! Came down for essence fest called several times showed the hostess when we got there paid for a $30 Lyft and everything and all the hostess could say is "I've been answering the phone, then says oh it's dead." And proceeds to plug it up. Pathetic... she needs to go home. Then the guy outside the door says " Three hour wait, and they are closed." I have never seen anything like this in my life! Ain't never heard of this in my life. We called cause we heard how good everything was, as a food blogger I'm sad to say I won't even come back to rate the food.Ok, let me start by saying I not only visited on a Saturday but it was an essence weekend type of Saturday. The line was down the block when my friend and I got there. We get in the line and the ladies come out and say they know they aren't going to be able to serve over half of the line. People left we stayed with Hope's that something would come up at the bar or someone would leave anything lol. I followed them on Instagram recently so I was NOT leaving without my morrows. We chose to wait and I'm glad we did! Something did come up and we were seated. Greeted right away and then again by what I think is the front house msngr she was amazing. Then top it of our waiter Fernandez was phenomenal they were super busy as u can imagine but he didnt skip a beat! He took really good care of us so service was a plus and I'm hoping that other people would give this restaurant a fair shot it's worth it! If u had a bad experience try again and then one more time. Now let's get to the good part! THE FOOD! I had the wings mmm.mmm. yeessss delicious I didnt even wanna dip them in ranch the flavor was so delicious! The salmon was friggin huge! And it was beautifully prepared and tasted amazing! The brown rice at first i was like I want potatoes (ordered a side of garlic mash and vegetables) the brown rice was delicious it was light and had great flavor I was pleasantly surprised. The vegetables omg cooked and seasoned to perfection! Ya'll I ate ALL the sides my salmon was too big to finish so I brought it home. Reasonable prices. And oh the DRINKS! We started out with the Dominican mami delicious and ended with the French henny apple martini! AMAZING! Overall great experience. The wait was expected as it is close to downtown. This was there first essence hopefully they will have expanded to accommodate the troves of people who want to dine. But that's a good problem to have right? 
A bit of feedback I would give is just a better process for guests when they check in and maybe if you could put some seating out doors for guests who are waiting for long periods so it could take their mind of of the wait by chopping it up and offer them to go to the bar and buy a drink everybody wins then! Cant wait to visit again!We had the chance to visit this restaurant after hearing so much about it. We received a seat quickly after we arrived for a noon lunch and our waiter was there within 5 mins. This was a Thursday also during the week. I ordered drinks and an appetizer before my guest arrived and it took awhile to get drinks but the wait was not long. Once my guest arrived we were ready to order. We placed our entire order and received our food within 20 mins. I ordered the oyster morrow stuffed with fresh crabmeat and the file gumbo. I enjoyed them both but my gumbo was spicy and I noticed crawfish tails. I had not had that in my gumbo before but okay maybe that's their signature item thrown in the pot lol. Overall I would return again and next time we will try the Sunday brunch!Lovellyyyy place 100% on the food , my fave is the crawfish pasta with catfish & crabmeat oysters. Not too fond of the basic crab claws for the price. Other than that. Food ? Is just immaculate!!!I never write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so today. I was here for Essence Fest and wanted to check out some black owned restaurants while in town. We waited for over an hour to be seated, had several celebrity sightings (all of which were seated before us even though we were in line waiting) but the kicker is that the food was mediocre at best. We have to do better people! We ordered a total of 6 different brunch menu items and all were horrible. 
The spinach and feta omelet was the best thing. The shrimp and salmon were over cooked. The grits were waayy too stiff. I could go on but I won't. Very disappointing.I liked the fact that I was greeted while I entered the establishment. I was really glad that part went well because I have heard mixed comments and rrviews about this spot. So I was happy. Let me just say this ...happy hour is 4 to 7 and it's pretty standard. My bartender was honest with me about my wait time because this place was super packed, however, I waited no more than five minutes for my drink. I went with the standard drink that's hard to screw up...The Margarita...lol..and its really good. I am impressed by the music selection.All hip hop and R&B which made my happy hour experience that much cooler...I can see why its trendy... So many people dipped in and out this spot its crazyyyy... But you really cant gi wrong with good drinks and music....Yes you can get drinks to go here. I just really enjoyed the ambiance at the bar... I know I will be back.First time in the NOLA and this spot was a must on our list! Our wait wasn't long and the food and service was superb. Being from Maryland we know seafood and all of the seafood was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Their sesame ginger  chicken wings were amazing and stuffed mushrooms were perfect appetizers. For our entree's we have the seafood platter, salmon and the Ocean Delight! We will definitely be back and I'm blown I left my leftovers  S/O to Larry Marrow for a top notch place  #dcornothingEverything we ordered was so good and fulfilling! I came from Baton Rouge just for Morrows! I will definitely be back!Not happy with service or meal. I ordered Bayou Red fish with Crawfish etouffe topping. There was no etouffe sauce, just a cream sauce. I asked for green salad in place of potato salad. When bill came, i realized...I was charged for the green salad. The taste wasn't what I expected in New Orleans.This spot right here is AWESOME! The atmosphere, service and food are excellent! My compliments to the chef!Let me start by saying despite the reviews my friends and I decided to try this place because we heard the food was good and I had actually met one of the bartenders at a Black Restaurant Week event earlier that week. Being forewarned about the bad service from this website we called to try and secure a table or at least to find out the waiting time. On several calls we got no answer. Since it was close to home we went anyway. Several people were waiting outside. This was at around 9 pm and we were told they were not accepting anymore patrons. Seriously!! I explained the we tried to call in order to avoid wasting time, bus and cab fare back since it was late.  The hostess apologized and stated that the restaurant is really busy. I understand that, but what is unsettling is the patrons waiting outside also made several phone calls and when they finally did get through they were told that they don't accept reservations over the phone.  So which is it? Essence festival ended the day before and there are definitely LESS people in the city now. Clearly the management needs a class in restaurant/patron etiquette and I hope that considering its location it will be more appreciative of the community and provide a better level of class and service.Amazing Food.. whoever is in the kitchen defiantly knows what they are doing!!!! Not to mention the owner and staff are extremely personable. 
This will be a spot I frequent.My coworkers and I decided to try this new restaurant for lunch. First off we placed an order to go and waited over an hour to get SOME of the food. Keep in mind I placed several orders for my coworkers that didn't feel like walking. One person ordered a Chicken Club Salad, a hamburger with regular fries, a shrimp poboy with garlic parmesan fries, a seafood platter, and an extra order of garlic parmesan fries. I get the ticket for the salad and was charged an extra $3 for chicken. So I asked about the additional charge and the guy says he doesn't know why they charge extra for chicken. So I show him the menu and it clearly says that chicken is included on the salad so he tells the owner what's going on and the owner says the same thing until I show him that chicken is included and he said "oh I thought you ordered a Caesar salad" and tells the guy to take it off and walks off with no apology. Finally the food comes out and my coworkers burger has mayo on it and she stated "no mayo" when she placed the order. The guys says let me bring it back at this point she's like just bring me the buns. That extra side of garlic parmesan fries came out as regular fries because they took garlic parmesan fries off the menu a month ago but they've only been open for 3 weeks....not to mention they made the garlic parmesan fries for my other two coworkers that ordered them. One of my coworkers then asks the owner about the fries and he says they took it off the menu. She suggests to the owner that they should take it off the menu or draw a line through it since it's no longer available. Owner  says ok we'll do that.  The guy that took the order then asks me what kind of burger I ordered and I told him and he said let me put the order in again....I said huh?? He said there's two tickets in the back but neither are for you. So of course I say don't worry about it. Not one time did the owner apologize for what happened and never asked what was going on the entire hour or so that we were there. Needless to say I had to get lunch from some where else.Had a great time here the other evening. Corey and I believe Derrick were our bartenders and took excellent care of us. The gumbo was yummy, the mac and cheese less so but overall an establishment that I'd certainly visit again.This food was bomb!!!!! I got the charbroiled oysters and the BBQ shrimp. My friends got fried chicken and OMG it changed my life. It was THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD. I recommend this place 100%Fire! Man this food was so good! I had the Cajun crawfish pasta with baked Mac and garlic mashed.... one word FIRE! And they have Uncle Nearest Whiskey at the bar so that's a big plus!Stan and eggs was good. Seasoned very well. I wanted the sweet potato pancakes but if you all out there try them...let me know!!I tried to eat here on my last day in NOLA after Essence Fest was over but there was a long wait at 7:20pm and the hostess told us that there was going to be a 3-4 hour wait (this places closed at 10pm) . I was not about to stand outside for 3 hours in that neighborhood, and have them turn us away because now the restaurant was closing.  It sucks because I came all the way from California to try this place out and I couldn't even get in. I will not recommend this place or any other places that lets their customers STAND outside in the HEAT or at NIGHT just to to try out some food lol. It never turns out to be worth the wait.
(Oh and I found out later on that some Saints football players were also inside, though I doubt this is the reason for the long wait time.... it probably added on to the long wait period. )Yes, it's definitely worth the wait time 1hr 1/2.  The vibe is very nice mostly tourist between the age of 27-50. The place is kinda pricey 5 wings  for $10, the restaurant size is a little small you might want to choose a slow day if there are any. I believe  it's time to move a couple blocks over in the abandon furniture store; you need more space.  Morrow's is more of an adult restaurant/club not kid friendly.
If I had to choose I would order for take out. Staff was very helpful,nice and accommodating to myself and friends who did have a baby dining with us.
The food was delicious!! But, over price for a restaurant with no parking. But, overall the food  is real New Orleans comfort food. Marrow's  is definitely giving restaurants like Copland's and Pappadeaux's a run for their money.3 star that has 5 star potential. 
The Wait: Im from CA where plenty of new/high end restaurants have reservation/waitlist (some times 6 months in advance), so the waitlist concept didn't deter me at all. We went Mon after Essence about 4:45-waited on list 80 mins. Its small (smart starter spot) so no surprise. Party of 3.
Menu: All the N.O stables and some twist-
Food: Good not GREAT.  We had grilled Oysters-gumbo-red beans and rice w/ chicken (a lot of chicken), and shrimp étouffée. Oysters was best order. Portion sizes are big so come hungry and hopefully save room for dessert (we didn't)
now the part where the 2 stars went low...
S-E-R-V-I-C-E: If I had to rate the restaurant strictly on service it would be 1 star. Im a bit strict on my expectations as I have a family owned soul food restaurant-50 yrs in business-as well as Napa Valley fine dining service experience-but some things are basic! Hostess/Greeters: not rude to my party but clearly matched attitude with customers who were disgruntled outside. This is SERVICE INDUSTRY-keep your attitudes in your pocket. The servers are dressed professional and definitely look like they like their jobs-but too busy talking and seems like catering to friends/celebrities. ALL OUR MONEY IS EQUAL. You never know based on how someone looks/dress who they are or might tip. Basic request like napkins or water was ignored unless it was our assigned waitress-that concept is old and tired. Furthermore, the owner was present and walking around clearly checking on operations and but ONLY spoke to celebrities or ppl he personally knew. THAT IS A NO  in my book. It deterred me from purchasing book-which is reason I actually came. Im totally understanding this weekend was the busiest I'm sure they've ever been and energy might be low-but the millions you made this weekend should have smiles and service through the roof! I was disappointed but will give it a try next year. 
Overall good restaurant that needs a lot of operations assistance-go for food and no other expectation-you'll be fine. I wish this business all the best and pray for longevity.This review is way overdue. I came out to New Orleans from Los Angeles last month. I stayed on Canal St. a block from Bourbon St. I really really wanted to try out the great food I heard so much about. Unfortunately, a couple of days into my trip I realized that the food in the French Quarters was not that good. All the food looked and tasted as if they were made by a franchised restaurant as opposed to home-cooking style. I tried all the "tripadvisor" places and they were ok. They were full of tourists and long waits in lines for ok food. I was however, lucky enough to get local advise while riding in a Lyft ride. Which brings me to Morrows. This place is recently opened. I was blown away by the food. The fried seafood, chicken and sides were amazing. They were bready, crunchy, meaty and not oily at all. I was amazed by the perfect texture, season, and presentation of the food. We also met Loretta, the owner/chef. She came out, was very friendly and comped us some grilled oysters. I'm glad she did because those were the best grilled oysters I had in the week I was out there. No where else compared. I strongly recommend this place to anyone looking to avoid the tourist hype and actually enjoy down home New Orleans cooking whether your visiting or live there. Definitely will eat there every time I visit.Absolutely amazing eating experience! They took fantastic care of us. Drinks were good and it wasn't a long wait. I'll be back when back in town.Really nice ambiance. Nice for family or date night. The bartenders model true epitome of customer service. You're never left wondering because they are very attentive. Gumbo very flavorful and seasoned to perfection. Sautéed jumbo crab claws are a must. Definitely a must try. Music compliments the time of day and makes the amDefinitely need purse hooks under the bar...The food was amazing. I came to New Orleans on a spur of the moment trip. I decided to eat here my first night and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the Cajun crawfish pasta. It was excellent. It also came fried catfish. The place does live up to the hype.They really need to step up their game if they want to stay in business in such a competitive city. Service was absolutely TERRIBLE!. Went here for brunch on sunday. Menu is overpriced and entrees don't even come with sides, you have to pay extras for potatoes. I ordered a crab Benedict and it was a very thick cake (that could have easily been split into two) topped with the tiniest poached egg and they weren't kidding when they said "drizzle" of hollandaise. My friend ordered the sweet potatoes pancakes and they arrived 20 mins after my order came ( i had already finished my plate), with no silverware,no syrup or butter, but more importantly, his pancakes were RAW. Our glasses of water and coffees never got refilled and when we asked the waitress to take back the inedible pancakes and get us the check she came back after a looong time and acted like she did us a favor by taking the pancakes off the check. Suffice to say, we will not be returning. It's a shame because the space is really nice.A few of my friends and I came to New Orleans from New York for Essence festival. I heard great things about the establishment and wanted to try it for myself. We get there at 6:00pm and the host was very rude and should not be working there if she is not happy with her position she informed us that the restaurant would be closing and that they would not be accepting anyone else into the restaurant. What a waste of an Uber to even get to the location . Do not waste your time going there. I was excited about supporting and trying out the food but glad I did not spend my money there especially for the unnecessary attitude from the host.This was my 2nd time at Morrows, totally amazing experiences each time. I had a taste of everything the first time, but today I had the bomb shrimp and grits... everything was made to order and fresh... the music selection is so amazing, and the mimosa!! 
Morrow of the story it's all a great timeGreat place for causal chill. This is my second time eating here and this spot is always on and popping! It's a new spot, so it's attracting all types of crowds. 
We're greeted and seated promptly with great customer service from the hostess. The waitress was very nice, but she was not familiar with the menu. 
I had a craving for the fried chicken and it was cooked perfectly. I ordered red beans and braised cabbage as a side. The beans were scorched so I sent them back and got the potato salad. The cabbage was cold, but had a good taste. We also ordered an oyster poboy and it was cooked perfectly. We also order gumbo, but it wasn't hot when served. I think maybe the waitress forgot about us for a minute because we waited longer than normal for our food, but it was great nonetheless. 
We arrived after the lunch crowd but still waited too long to receive our food. 
I will definitely return especially for the fried chicken. It was so good it almost made me wanna slap my mama.Love the food here and awesome staff. The wait was pretty long but definitely worth the wait. We had to sit at the bar since our wait was 45 min to an hour due to it being busy. As you enter you are greeted by two wonderful young ladies who were very friendly and pleasant. Our bartender was very energetic and fun. The timing of our food was on point even though it was super busy. I had the seafood platter which was delicious and so fresh and hot. They have a homemade tarter sauce which I fell in love with the first taste. My husband had the fried chicken with red beans and macaroni and cheese and my brother in-law had the Cajun pasta with fried fish. Both plates were good. I would definitely set foot in this place again. Hopefully soon. I have to try the brunch on Sunday. Looks taHad the chicken and waffles with unlimited mimosas and it was a perfect Sunday brunch! Will definitely be back!!Very upset and disappointed after hearing such a great review from a  friend to be turned away at the door at 3:30 pm by the off-duty security officer outside and told they weren't accepting anymore people because Mary J. Blige was coming in later with her entourage and that she more than likely would be posting on Instagram so they needed to save space for possible other celebrities whom may come also. He encouraged me to come back in the morning. Wow! :(I really believe sometimes family and friends post these good reviews! With that being said...my first visit was not a good one! After waiting over an hour for seating a Rolls Royce pulls up speaks to the valet who then speaks with the hostess, needless to say they exited the vehicle and was seated immediately!!  Mind you we were still waiting in the heat! My guest and I proceeded to go in to see what was going on and she states "nobody's getting up" ! I told her ma'am... they are not getting up because they are still waiting on their FOOD!! The only way I will ever enter that building    Is if Morrow's name is not attached!!Everything I ordered was really really good! My best friend and I enjoyed everything from the host to the server to the food I have found my new spot to eat lunch and dinner! The charbroiled oysters are also really good and I'm picky about my food and drinks but they exceeded our expectations I will most definitely return and spread the word to others!If you want seasoned food and great drinks, this is the place. Very reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. Been other "new Orleans cuisine" restaurants that were expensive and didn't have half the taste of the food I tasted here. There was a point during my meal where I wanted to burp just to make room for some more of my food,  but I ended up tapping out lol. Didn't look like a lot of parking, but we Uber'd so I'm not for sure. Definitely in my top 5 spots for N.O.2 hour wait still waiting to be seated as I type this and others coming in after us are being seated horrible service thus far and haven't even gotten to be seated yet one of the if not the worst place in New Orleans to dine finally seated after 2 hour 43 min wait food was cold steak over cooked and men's restroom locked for most of experience when told the waiter he was very passive stated if someone went on there they must come out had to ask for manager who unlocked the restroom after dinner was complete asked for check only then was my party of twelve told only one check to be presented to table and only four credit cards can be used to split the check horrible I will not be back and advise others to avoid this place for wait cold food and piss poor serviceWhen we called we were told we'd be waiting about two hours before being sat. We got here around 9p and was sitting by 9:20p. Our waitress was great and bubbly. Food was AMAZING! I ordered the Cajun Crawfish Pasta and it was delicious and a great portion. It comes with two pieces of catfish on top & some garlic French bread. For dessert, I finished with the peach cobbler and it was amazing as well. I'd def recommend this place. Will for sure return on future trips to New Orleans.Before coming to New Orleans I looked up this place and it seemed very popular. The cocktails are what really attracted me. Their Instagram stated that their Happy Hour was everyday, but when I got to the restaurant they told me otherwise. I was very disappointed. I ordered the fried chicken with red beans & rice and baked macaroni. Omg I was not disappointed. I loved everything on my plate. The chicken was so juicy and crispy and the mac n cheese was so homemade. The only downside was I had a piece of my boyfriend's catfish and I couldn't even swallow it. It was extremely fishy and not good at all.Great food nice place good entertainment . A little small inside but the food is greatHorrible Horrible wait time..... The Owners sisters' attitude was not professional to be in the food industry. Owner has special seating for his friend and family members.  And I guess city celebrities.
How can the manager have special seating in such a small place.
Well to make this a great restaurant the manager need to train his staff on how to approach customers with a cordial attitude. And the manager ( who is the owners sister) need to stop mean mugging people and rolling her eyes at customers . Instead of coming to make sure everything was ok or even tried to smooth things over. So then after waiting for 2 hours my food comes out cold .... how can you   Eat cold seafood.
My first experience here was good even though I had to wait. But this experience was the worst. I stopped the owner to let him know my food was cold and I was given another plate but  I was already disappointed with the unprofessional service I received from the Owners' sister.
That's why it's so easy to patronize other establishment and not support our own because when we do,this is the type of service we receive.I just want to say that I love eating at black owned restaurants and Morrow's did not disappoint. I don't enjoy eating shrimp, but oh my god the shrimp appetizer was delicious. I couldn't even decide what I wanted to eat because all the options were equally appeasing. If you're in New Orleans now or anytime in the future, stop what you're doing and immediately take yourself to this restaurant. The food, service, and ambience of the restaurant makes for a complete experience, and shows what the true flavor of New Orleans has to offer.All I can say is I wasn't impressed we called prior to driving to the restaurant to see how their reservations or wait time went. We were told that they stopped taking people at 9:30 she failed to tell us they stop cooking at 9:30 as well. 
We were told once we got there that it was a wait and we had two large parties ahead of us, but I thought you didn't take reservations, so if you don't take reservations and I don't see any large parties waiting I'm confused. The restaurant is extremely small in the inside and it sits on a corner so waiting is somewhat impossible. 
We decided that we would just do take out. Well getting the bartenders attention to order take out was like being at a club that's full to capacity and everyone wants a drink. So far I'm not impressed with the service. We waited 45 minuets for food on a street corner sitting on the ground.  The food may be good but the service is truly unacceptable. Please it's called reservations for 4 or more when your establishment is extremely smallRestaurant - very nice. Adult Beverages - nice. Food - I had Spinach Salad with Shrimp (our server forgot). The service was not good - she rarely checked on us, I had to move our plates out of the way to the end of the table.  This was a party of 5 and not sure if we will be returning to this restaurant.My wife and I were looking for a nice place to eat dinner while visiting and stumbled upon this. They had great food and a good atmosphere. I got the redfish fillet and she got the char-grilled oysters. Both were great. There were a few things that we didn't like though. The air was blasting and made it very cold and the bartender didn't seem to be interested. He barely made any eye contact and when talking to us always faced another direction making it hard to hear over all the noise.One of those secret gems you find all over New Orleans! Shared Redfish topped with crab meat, salmon filet with a teriyaki glaze, marinated crab fingers and Lenora's Hawaiian Bread Pudding. 
Holy Smokes, all of it was delicious and the service was outstanding. 
Won't be a secret for long if they keep up this type of execution!EXCELLENT FOOD AND CUSTOMER SERVICE! I will def be back really soon, probably tomorrow! Can't wait to try everything else on the menuI've been following Morrow's Restaurant on Instagram and my visit was nothing short of spectacular.  Great welcoming staff members as I walked in the door.  Waitress was awesome with making recommendations and helping make our visit pleasant. 
Food was delicious and even had a chance to meet Mrs. Lenora (Owner) and share stories.  
My expectations were not only meet but were exceeded. 
I'll be visiting soon in the near future.Similar to the Half Shell on the Bayou this is another  black owned restaurant in New Orleans I was highly disappointed in. We arrived at 9:15 pm I ordered two appetizers the BBQ Shrimp & the Sesame Wings. Did not receive my food until Midnight! This occurred yesterday on a Tuesday night!! This is not a very big restaurant by any means so to deal with that long of a wait made no sense. Oh yes it does because the bartender forget to print out our food. To top it all off we were approached by a condescending waiter who told us we should be grateful because we received our food in 2 hours unlike the Essence crowd who waited 4 hours and up for their food. Again this was a Tuesday night. The only thing I can give them credit on is comping our meals unlike the Half Shell on the Bayou.My Mom, brother, and I visited for dinner and came away smitten with Morrows.    We live in LA, and are in town for a few days.  Morrows has these signature oysters that BLEW OUR MINDS.   Charbroiled with crab, we were licking the shells clean!!!     Our server Fernandez teased us every time he passed seeing how quiet our table was-- heads down smackin our lips in delight.    We also enjoyed the red beans and rice, cabbage, crab, and fried chicken.   But the oysters Morrow are not to be missed.   We may go back tonight !!!Upon entering the restaurant a very nice young lady gave us the wait time which was about 15-30 minutes which wasn't so bad so we took a little walk around the neighbor to take in some sightseeing. We actually came back more like 45 mins however we still had no table which is no biggie so we chose the bar. Our waiter/bartenders were pretty cool and shared a lot of common interest so it made the dining experience special. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because my friend had the salmon which they felt was a bit undercooked so they didn't finish it, the brown rice wasn't warm nor hot so asked for a salad which took quite a while when it came it was a few pieces of lettuce with about 1 or 2 slices of tomatoes. But I will say my girls friend chicken and baked Mac and cheese as well as my gumbo was pretty good. It didn't hurt to have the cornbread with honey butter which made it even better. Overall, it was a nice place to visit!Food was great very tasty!! Must try! Prices are very reasonable! Service was great! Try the ginger chicken!!The food and wait service at Sunday brunch was quite good. There were 4 of us and we had 4 different meals--from grilled salmon with grits to steak and eggs. From waffles and chicken wings to shrimp and grits.  The waiter was careful to tell us to order as soon as possible because the restaurant was quite crowded.   The staff was attentive and kept my water glass filled and did not refill my coffee too hastily.  The restaurant itself is small and is decorated in modern style that includes a faux(I think) Living wall of greenery and much glass and wood.  Beautiful. 
Problems: they don't take reservations which was difficult to find out because the phones were not working--or so we were told.  We were told there was a 45 minute wait. We accepted that; the place was relatively new and hot. But then we were amazed to see tables empty, be set up and then remain empty.  When questioned, the hostess had no explanation initially.  Then when guests arrived later ( we were an hour in at that point), they were seated.     The hostess then admitted that these were friends of the owners.  
The restaurant environment in New Orleans is cut-throat.  Perhaps these were influential friends who could speak the right words in the right ears.  But I suggest that the owners warn his friends to show up on time or their table will be given away.  There are so many other choices in this city that are also new and popular, but don't blatantly prefer one customer over another.Food off the chain! Atmosphere and vibe real chill! Service is great! That's all you need to knowGreat food and great service! The drinks were good and fairly strong. I would recommend about anything to get. The gumbo is good, the crawfish bread is amazing and everything else I had. The service was really good and the ambiance is nice.Nice, new spot to eat. I like the ambience and the location but Parking is on the street so, hopefully, you don't have to park too far. I was shocked and impressed to see such an eclectic crowd inside. The place looked packed & I just knew the wait would be painful but we got a table immediately. We had a meal full of appetizers and they were all awesome. Crawfish bread was out of sight. Lettuce wraps were finger-biting good. I don't know what it's called but the paste/sauce that goes with it was a little too thick and salty so I used it sparingly. I loved that paste when I worked/lived in Korea but it didn't taste the same here. Speaking of Korea, I regret not trying the bibimbap but that's ok because I'll be back. BBQ shrimp were a nice size. They weren't the best in the city but it was still good & order that again too. Cup of gumbo was ok. It could have used a little bit more kick. I didn't taste the Korean BBQ but it looked mouthwatering. Like every restaurant there's some things you like and some things you don't but by and large, I enjoyed everything so thumbs up.Went to celebrate a birthday and was there in line prior to the doors opened for brunch.  Fairly large party and we knew the size was of the place was relatively small.  I ordered shrimp and grits and was immediately informed by the waitress "We are out of shrimp and grits." Impossible!! You just opened, how could that be and was given no explanation.  That immediately turned me off but made the best of it since we were there to celebrate.It's okay...I really don't understand what all the fuss is about. Yes, I'd eat there again but definitely not worth an hour wait.  Fun and friendly staff, good food selections but just your typical hometown restaurant in Anyplace, USAHow disappointing.  My Hunnie, always the planner, called the establishment on Wednesday to make reservations and was told none could be made. We arrive early, wait in line that was short when we arrived but miraculously grew as we stood. We get inside and are told, "we can put you on the list but we don't know how long it will be because we have reservations. " My Hunnie, looks, "I called Wednesday and was told no reservations could be made." The hostess says, "the owner made these reservations. " We left. The staff was rude and unprepared to deal with the day. We always try to support black businesses but this makes it hard. It's not uncommon to be reservation only on a day like today but don't set it up to mess with people's plans. Now its Mother's Day and finding another place without a reservation will be a task. So instead of relaxing on my day off, I'll be watching him stress to give me the day he had planned.So my friends are a married couple. She is leaving tonight to go to Cannes for the film festival. She is a chef. She will be gone for three weeks. We they invited me to go to dinner with them last night for her last night here and it was the worst experience at a restaurant ever. We are all three in the service industry and know that what we saw in that restaurant last night was unacceptable. 
We waited about 10 min for a table which wasn't bad given how busy they were. They sat the three of us at an 8 top. Then they sat a couple at the same table with us without even letting us know we were going to be at a community table. It took ten min for our server to even greet us and that was AFTER he greeted the couple that was sat at our table AFTER us. And he told us he'd be right back after he put their order in!! He could have went ahead and got our order at the same time and put them both in. Just treat us as a 5 top instead of two separate tables. then he came back like five min later and took our order. We gave him everything, drinks, apps, entree's. Then we sat there for 30 more min without him ever even coming back to the table to soothe us. WE NEVER EVEN GOT DRINKS in that 30 min. I even asked for a water to go with my cocktail and wasn't even brought that. Apparently all the servers do not believe in saying a word to their tables unless they have something in their hand to offer them. Training is very much needed for these servers. 
And the bartenders were acting like they couldn't keep up. So our server was back behind the bar trying to make drinks (as were other servers) because the bar tenders weren't getting them made. And he wasn't doing it properly. We were watching him read the recipe from a card and pouring, not even using jiggers which is definitely a no-no if you aren't a bartender and know how much of something to pour. So you know the drinks were not consistent. And he was not using a strainer to pour the drink after shaking it. Then he just poured the drink from the shaker into a glass using the ice he shook it in!!!!so right there the drink was already dead. Then he sat the drinks aside and left them at the bar to deliver drinks to another two top that was sat long AFTER us. And their drinks looked dead as well. But how are you going to make our drinks then not bring them. It takes less than two minutes for a drink to die. 
Finally we were like at what point do we leave? It's been 30 min since he took our order and we don't even have drinks and when we do get them they are going to be dead and prob not even taste correctly because he was obviously not trained on making drinks. So we got up and left. 
And there was Not a single manager in sight. And servers or bussers had got off work and were sitting at the bar taking up space drinking in uniform smh. I'm a very good server and bartender I know the industry. That is not how you run a place. If you'd like, my friend and I can come back and consult and tell you exactly what you should do to turn the service around in that place. In fact my friend is going to come back and offer his service to you as he is literally the best server in the city and is a consultant for restaurants. 
Oh and one more thing, you're using real candles on the tables rather than oil candles. The candles were scented which is a HUGE NO-NO! Nose receptors and taste buds are connected, that is why you can sometimes taste what something smells like. And also smells can alter the taste of food. So the scented candle would have ruined our meal should we have ever got to try the food. 
To sum it up - we spent almost an hour there. Got there at 8:10 and left at 8:54, was addressed by our server twice, then never spoke to again, never got drinks let alone food.Foods was excellent! Was disappointed that there was ONLY the brunch menu on Sunday's, but otherwise everything was excellent! Food was great, staff is very friendly!My first time and like many new restaurants the hype is just what it is "hype".  The service was good but the food was not impressive. I had the Ocean Delight. The salmon and shrimps had none, zero, absolutely no seasoning.  Cooked well but no taste. The sauce was good. I'm assuming it was assumed that the seafood would soak up the seasoning from the sauce but that wasn't the case. I may give it another chance and order something else. Everyone deserves second chances.Since I've known Morrow's has been open I've been multiple times, trying a different dish each time from the Crab Claws all the way down to the Red Beans, Fried Chicken and Catfish. I guarantee each and every one is cooked to perfection and made with all the love the good people of New Orleans can show you when you visit. This is hands down some of the best New Orleans cuisine you'll find and that's a promise! Morrow's is new on the restaurant scene but is definitely giving these prestigious restaurants a run for they're money.Baby when I tell you this was one of my favorite places I went to while in New Orleans. The staff was inviting and nice. The atmosphere was relaxing. On to the food....AmAzInG. We went there for breakfast. The steak was cooked the exact way we asked. The eggs are so fluffy. The grits and shrimp didn't need any extra salt or pepper. The pancakes were good. Bacon was great. It was worth every dime. Oh and ladies get a mimosa. There is no real parking but there are places to park.It's our new favorite restaurant in NOLA.  We experienced the best charred oysters ever and I had my first Hennessy sidecar which was perfect.  The gumbo was out of this world and the fried chicken would battle the best (please don't tell Willie Mae or Dookie Chase!).  It will be our first stop when we return to NOLA for sure.A delicious food journey worth trying again and again.  The restaurant is a bit small so make sure you plan accordingly or have enough time to wait if there is a wait.  They do not take reservations for groups smaller than six.  Alternatively, you can also eat at the bar - which I did.  Morrow's has a very lively atmosphere with good music playing in the background.   There are several classic New Orlean's dishes, so if you want a Po'Boy, you can have that here, but frankly, try some of the more interesting dishes.  The Morrow's Oysters are fantastic.  They are a take on char-grilled oysters and probably the best ones I have ever had.  My only regret is I ordered six instead of a dozen.  I also ordered the Redfish with a side of Collard​ Greens.  The redfish was delicious. Perfectly prepared with the oscar -style crab on top.  Coupled with the greens, it was outstanding.  If you want something light, try the salads - I had the spinach salad with shrimp and it was a healthy portion.  Like all shrimp salads, I could have used more shrimp but still worth it.  Don't order any dessert except the Peach Cobbler. In fact, start with the Peach Cobbler and then the Oysters! You can't go wrong.  Some others have said that the service they received was slow.  I sat at the bar so perhaps my experience was different, but my bartender, Blair, was as attentive and personable as any I've had in a very long time.Best red beans and rice I've ever had. I've had so many different plates/bowls of red beans and rice and this one literally stopped me in my tracks. Every bite is flavorful and had me scraping the plate at the end of the meal. I added fried chicken as a side to it. Pro move. Will be back ASAP to try everything else on the menu.Had gumbo which was good but too much sausage and not enough seafood. The fried chicken was very good as were the asparagus. The garlic mash potato was so so.
Service was a bit slow but friendly and professional.We waited an hour and a half to get into Morrow's on a Friday night about 7pm.  Once seated our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. We ordered the Dozen of Charbroiled Oysters for an appetizer. Great favor but the oysters were over cooked and very small. A few shells barely had an oyster. We shared the following entrees:  Korean BBQ ribs and Korean rice, Crawfish pasta with a huge piece of fried fish, and a shrimp platter with fires. All three entree hit the delicious meter at a solid 7 out of 10.  We would definitely give Morrows more business. The atmosphere is your typical  laid back New Orleans dining  experience.This was the worst dining experience I have ever encountered. I actually shouldn't even call it a dining experience because we never got our food. We immediately got sat and no one came over for 10 minutes. Once our server came over, we ordered our drinks and food and we waited another 15 minutes before even getting drinks. We thought our food had been put in and in the making, until 45 minutes later we ask where our food is and the server said they are about to start making it now. Needless to say on my vacation I am highly disappointed and would turn anyone away who was interested in going there.Visited on a Saturday around 4:00pm. Limited street parking available but I ended up finding a spot within walking distance down the street. We were able to be seated immediately at a small table for two. For fast seating I suggest going with a small party and earlier in the day. Our waiter, Fernando C, was very informative and professional. He suggested his favorite appetizers and entrees. I took his advice and tried the crawfish bread. This was DELICIOUS! I was disappointed that it was a small amount to be shared by two! Next time I will get this for myself only!! It came with three wedges loaded with cheese and crawfish. I had an Arnold Palmer drink and it was sweet just the way I like it. Easily one of the best I've had.  I had 3 or 4 refills. I ordered the 2pc white fried chicken, red beans and rice, and two corn muffins. My spouse had the fried shrimp platter. Both were hot, fresh, well seasoned, and fantastic. The only negative was the time it took to get the entrees. Our waiter did apologize several times but with the soulful R&B music and lively atmosphere the wait was pleasant. I ordered bread pudding to go. It was good, but not better than Lil Dizzy's bread pudding.  I'm glad I visited for myself despite the negative reviews. I will definitely be back.