We asked around for a great place that serves the best fried food, a doorman recommended this place so we tried it out. It didn't disappoint, we ordered the fish and chips with shrimp as well as a side of Cajun Gumbo, that was also very yummy and well seasoned. The waiters were all very friendly and attentive. Large restaurant you can definitely bring large dinner parties to this place, they also have TV's to watch some sports if that's your thing; do not get this place confused for a sports bar because it is far from that.We walked to this place in hopes to find some really good (authentic) NOLA food. At the time, the place was mostly empty. We sat at the bar, and the 'Amazing' Sebastian took care of all our needs during our stay.
Along with drinks, we ordered several items including, Pepper Jelly Shrimp, the Taste of New Orleans, and several types of cooked oysters.
The Pepper Jelly Shrimp was basically your run-of-the-mill 'bang bang shrimp', with more sweet than spice. It was prepared well, but I was a little disappointed with the lackluster flavor.
The Taste of New Orleans had Jambalaya, Crawfish Etouffee, Red Beans & Rice served with Smoked Sausage. The sausage was the hero on the plate, and the other items were bland. 
Oysters were over-seasoned. The seasoning was overpowering, and did nothing to complement the underlying oyster.
The restaurant is a little out of the way. The outside smelled horrible, because the sidewalk was overrun with trashcans. The inside was spacious and the decor was clean and fun.
Our host, Sebastian, was a true joy to be around. If I based my review on him alone, I would give 5 stars. Since food consistency might be an issue, and the fact that we love Sebastian, we will make a point to stop in again.Stopped by for a snack and a quick rest while touring the French Quarter.  Shared a seafood sampler which was spectacular and some broiled oysters.  The true star of our visit was our server, AJ, who was fun and entertaining.  He gave us tons of tips for our trip and went out of his way to provide great service.This was my favorite restaurant of our 3-day! The shrimp and grits were out of this world. I tried another version earlier in the week from a very nice restaurant and my daughter ordered the same at yet a third restaurant, this was by far the best of the three. My son ordered the crawfish crab cakes and my daughter the crawfish crab cake pasta. They were both excellent as well. We ended with bread pudding that was absolutely delicious!  Our sever Antoine was personable and made our dining experience even more enjoyable. The service was fantastic and the atmosphere light and casual. I would recommend to anyone.First thing first, great food and great server with super recommendations. But, reception and bar tender was out of this world. For 25 min, we waited on the bar until we get a table. Bar tender simply didn't serve us anything, even I have bagged for it almost. Couple people left the place just because she wasn't able to serve anything because she was panicking, may be her first day I don't know. There were more than 5 table available, I have asked to the receptionist if we can get a table already, and she was like "yeah let me check ". Like I said, great food in this place but the service needs to change a bit for better experience.This place was by far one of the tastiest spots we tried. The shrimp and grits were so creamy and flavorful we took our bread and swiped up every last bit of the bowl. The oysters were fresh and had wonderful flavors. The chargrilled one was tasty and the southwest flavor with the jalapeños was our top pick. Sweet little joint that was lively and had great customer service!This place is the hidden gem of New Orleans!  We almost walked right past but stopped to look at the menu at the suggestion of staff members outside. Fantastic place. Great, upbeat ambiance. Soothing colors and design give it a great vibe. Food is over the top.  Chargrilled oysters are outstanding. Plump and tender with just the right seasoning. BBQ shrimp nailed it. Perfect appetizer.  Crawfish etouffe was outstanding as was the artichoke cheese and crawfish dish. Portions are large. Service was outstanding. Thank you Angel for a perfect meal served with your beautiful smile and professional attentiveness!  Could not have asked for a better dining experience. Manager was hands on and greeted us and thanked us upon leaving.  Cannot say enough.  Keep doing what you are doing and the manner in which you are doing it!Came here after seeing the acme line and knew it was owned by the same Mr Ed's down the street.   Had the grilled oysters and they were delicious.   Big and cheesy and even the husband ate some and he doesn't like oysters.   We also had the redfish with jambalaya.   Everything g was delicious.  Good service and drinks.  We would recommend coming back.We stopped in here on a recent business trip and were pretty pleased with it. We had a group of 6 and no reservation, and they were able to get us seated without too much trouble. The food I felt was pretty good... The crawfish, spinach, and artichoke dip was quite tasty, and then I opted for the shrimp and grits. The description of this listed "Jumbo Gulf Shrimp sauteed in traditional New Orleans Butter Cream Sauce atop Cheese Grits", but the shrimp were seemingly cooked in some sort of sweet barbecue sauce that I really did not enjoy at all. Not sure if there is a disconnect with the menu for these, but I didn't think it remotely matched with the cheese grits and I left pretty unhappy with that aspect. That said, service was good, and others seemed to enjoy their dishes!So good and price is reasonable! Tried the oyster grill and they were finger licking good!So glad we decided to stop at Mr. Ed's for dinner before venturing over to Bourbon Street! Our server, Quincy, was so friendly and welcoming. We started with the seafood queso and half a dozen oysters, which were both delicious and full of flavor. I got the Gumbolaya and it was AMAZING! Hands down my favorite meal I've had while visiting New Orleans. My boyfriend got the fried shrimp and jambalaya and said it was wonderful. I wish we were locals so we could eat here all the time!Chargrilled oysters was a bit dry but still good. Red beans and rice would be what I recommend here.Arguably best value for charbroiled oysters, not super oily, but still enough to dunk French bread! Clean decor and nice staff as well.Not much for atmosphere but the food and our waiter more than made up.  We had taken a cooking class earlier in the day and asked the best place in the Quarter to get blackened redfish. Our Chef recommended Chef Paul and Mister Ed's. It was wonderful and my son's crawfish boil was more than he could eat. Which is saying a mouthful!I'd like to give this establishment higher marks as the food was good & our waiter, Quincy, was very kind. His service was actually the best part of our experience. However, after our chaotic start, the overall experience was mediocre at best. 
20 min wait till someone took our drink order. Servers at the end of the bar complaining about other servers. Bartender finally takes our drink order & 
we get them 8 minutes later. I tell him thank u & he says nothing as if we didn't even exist. They seat another couple in front of us due to a "mix up" in our names. We can't order food at our table until we pay for our drinks at the bar. The bartender won't cash us out for another 10 min. 
What a sh** show.
The worst part is...they weren't horribly busy.I recommend going to the Mr Ed's down the street (Bienville location).
Management here decided to seat a full house with only 1 (or 2?) cooks in the kitchen on a Saturday evening. I'd guess nearly 100 people were sitting when we arrived. After ordering, it took over 70 minutes for our food to begin arriving. You could look around and see all the annoyed customers waiting for their food. We weren't bothering her, but our server apologized to us every 15 minutes and said our food should be out soon. They definitely have some issues to work out at this restaurant.
The charbroiled oysters were absolutely delicious as expected. The other main dishes were lackluster. The Creole combo I ordered was incredibly small for $20. I believe the other location has larger servings.My friends and I arrived to New Orleans and  walked around a bit before finding Mr. Ed's. The restaurant was a bit empty as we arrived just before the dinner crowd. My friends and I ordered a variety of meals to try and were excited to finally get a taste of New Orleans. I have to say that while the food was ok it was not great. The crab cake on the pasta was mostly filled with breading, the shrimp on my po' boy was bitter (the oil is probably old), and a friend of mine returned her food because her sampler was not very good. The staff were very friendly and there was no issue in swamping my friends meal for another. This is definitely not were you will find great tasting food but you will definitely get your fix if you just need a meal.Came here the and pleasantly surprised it rivaled Dragos for Oystersso much fun here and great service.  Tons of Tv's for football watchingAlmost ate myself into a food coma! I had redfish and my husband had crawfish and the seafood queso. We were both very pleased! I will be adding this place to my list of NOLA favorites!Our waitress was Nikki she was the best she told us what taste the best. She was so nice and welcoming. Antonio was at the bar and made the best drinks I've had. Hands down the best place I've been while visiting New Orleans.Visited Mr. Ed's after checking out the outside menu. We were looking for a place with lots of menu selection - feeling a bit fickle on our last night in NOLA.  Friendly gal said hello and got us a table. Introduced us to our waitress.. she was sweet enough- but she disappeared often. Ordered jumbalaya and my husband had a soup. We asked about a side salad - they didn't have any small or starter salads listed, but our waitress suggested the house salad, "it wasn't too big."  Turned out to be an ENORMOUS shallow bowl of lettuce, some carrots i think, croutons and a few tomatos and cucumber. It arrived with no dressing, though she asked and requested honey mustard. So waitress is gone, we're got a bowl full of veggies and my husband starts to eat it plain. So finally she rolls around again and I say, Ummm... does this have the dressing? And she's like, "oh, yeah, we're out of honey mustard"  OH. THANKS FOR LETTING ME KNOW. So she suggested a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. OK. Fine.  She disappears and comes back with four small to-go cups of vinegar. JUST vinegar. I must have mis-understood her.  So I'm like, um... do you have any oil with this? And she runs off again and comes back with a "no. sorry."  HUH?  She scampers off- and i'm like, this is stupid... so I get up to go where she is now hanging out with some other servers and I say- "Sorry, but you don't have ANY oil?, like cooking oil or something?" and she's like, "oh, you won't want that." OK. Poor me.  Resolved, I go sit back down and try to dress up balsamic as much as I can with salt and pepper and she rolls back by like five minutes later and says "Oh, we have olive oil - would that be okay?"  Um... ARE YOU NEW?! Completely bizzarro.  IN the end, the jumbalaya tasted alright though it wasn't hot. Just warm. Husband's soup was warm, not hot. Didn't get a refill on my soda... she wasn't around long enough to order another beer.  We ended up watching America's Funniest Videos for a while before she got the bill tallied up.  All-in-all, looks alright, clean dining room. clean restrooms. Looks updated and might be considered fancy, but the staff puts a damper on that thought... don't bother dressing up- you'd be more disappointed.  The man (manager?) on the way out wished us a good night.  Bottom line: I'm hoping this girl just started and her service is't the norm. We might give it another shot next time we are in town. I'd ask that my food be served hot and my salad actually has a dressing.  C+   (Last visit:  Nov 3, 2019)Quincy is the best server hands down! Will not find this type of service In Jersey. Food is also amazing must tryUnderwhelmed. Had the crab cake platter. The texture was off.  It was late and the kitchen was clearly rest to close.... Wouldn't return. The gumbo was good, everything else was just okay.Thank you, Rachel, Charles, and especially Lyndsie! You all were the best. I wish I could run into the three of you everywhere I go here in Nola! Food and drinks are phenomenal! We are everywhere and this was one do the best!Can't say enough about this place. The food was amazing and the service was impeccable. Jerome, our server made the experience outstanding. He was the deciding factor in our return for a second night. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great dining experience in NOLA.Excellent! Went there with my dad tonight & ordered a dozen chargrilled oysters, a seafood gumbo, & a corn & crab bisque. The food was delicious & the service was wonderful! Our server was very attentive and friendly, & even a manager came to check & make sure everything was ok. The host & the food runner/busser were equally friendly. Our server even ran out to catch us because my dad left his phone at the table. We are locals & will definitely be returning!We ended up here because lines at other places were too long (sigh, oh bourbon st), but this happened to be a good find. The place was a little empty, but for my first introduction to NoLa food, it was great.
We got the blackened oysters, spinach artichoke crawfish dip, some po boy and jambalaya. Blackened oysters: they blacken the whole shell! Kind of smokey and excellent. Spinach artichoke crawfish dip was everything a spinach and artichoke dip should be with the extra deliciousness of crawfish. Po boy was a po boy and the jambalaya lacked depth. It was all good, but I think I was expecting more flavorful dishes down here.
The amount of food they serve here is a lot. We ordered four dishes between the two of us (two apps, and two main) and we could not even finish half. For the price tho, it's like two meals for one!The food is just as AWESOME as the others! This new location which opened in November 2018 is more upscale. Pretty interior, set up like a restaursnt/sports bar. Large bar for eating and drinking, about 8 screens for the games. Very nicely laid out. The staff is wonderful! Very attentive, professional and friendly. Service is great, as it is at all other Mr.. Ed's locations. My favorites are Debbie's rum punch, the chargrilled oysters (I think Mr. Ed's has the best in the City), 1/2 and 1/2 platter, fried green tomatoes, crawfish etoufee and bbq shrimp. I actually haven't had anything that disappointed at any Mr.. Ed's establishment. Ask for Meldra - she is great!!!Awesome service. Thanks Dominique S.! There was a cool, relaxing vibe to the restaurant. We had the gumbo, shrimp and seafood platters. Great taste of New Orleans and more food than we could eat! We may be back before we head home! Must  put this on your list of places to eat in NOL! 
We have come back here three times in our three day stay! Great food and great drinks! Thanks Gregory for treating us like old friends and Shaq C. for making our third visit the best!The food was really good! The pictures don't do it justice. Got too much but the gombo and shrimp and grits were amazing and the staff was super friendly.We stumbled here on accident as our original restaurant choice had an extremely long wait. The host was very friendly and welcoming so we decided to dine in. I ordered the Louisiana crawfish pies as my appetizer. It came with about 5 mini crawfish pies drizzled with an aioli type sauce. In my opinion, it tasted a little bland, like the bread lacked flavor. My friend, however, ordered the Louisiana crawfish bread and it was delicious!!
For my entree, I ordered the 1/2 & 1/2 combination (fried shrimp and fish) and it came with a side of jambalaya. The entree tasted okay, but the portions seemed subpar for the price of the entree. The fish was plated more like  nuggets than a filet so it can be deemed overpriced. Overall, I would rate this location 3.5/5. 
I've seen really good reviews for the other locations so maybe they are all slightly different.Actually we were going to dine at different oyster restaurant but that place was too long line and on the way to the restaurant we wanted to eat, our Uber driver mentioned this is good place to eat. So we decided to eat here.
We ordered some cocktails and beer first. The waiter was very nice.
My husband ordered wedge salad and beans and rice. I ordered a half dozen oysters and cup of gumbo.
Oysters were fresh and huge, also it's very reasonable price.
Gumbo was ok and I don't have much other experience of gumbo so can't compare.
The chef and manager were talking to us since we asked some questions and they were super nice to answer these questions. I love people in New Orleans so far and everyone is nice.(compare with people in LA)
I will be back if I would have an opportunity to be back in NOLA.This place is the jam and you must go! Great retro vibes inside, awesome background music, and all of the staff have upbeat personalities. The service is quick and it is a very laid back atmosphere. 
We sat at the bar and were waited on by Allen (he's the man!!) Allen made up the best oyster shooters I've ever had- strongly recommend, as they're not your standard shooters. The signature drinks are delicious and each made with tender loving care (had the Street Tea, Moscow Mule, and Bloody Mary). Food wise- we ordered the turtle soup, gumbo, gator bites, and a dozen raw oysters. We enjoyed every bit. They also served us complimentary bread pudding and turtle stew (when we were on the fence about ordering). All the staff here know how to enjoy themselves while providing excellent service, love to cut up, and truly want you to enjoy your dining experience. It may not look like much when you're walking down the street but this was hands down one of my favorite restaurants we ate at in New Orleans.Great experience. Wait wasn't too bad. Appetizers and drinks were on point and service, impeccable. All of the menu advisements by our waiter was on point. Will definitely be back. Thanks Mr. Ed's.The  blacked redfish was perfect. Food came out hot and quickly. Didn't try the gumbo but the Red Beans and Rice were also very good.Great gumbo and fried shrimp! I had the triple thing - I can't remember the name but it had creole, etoufee, and jambalaya. I'd definitely go back! Good ambiance, and we had great service too.my husbands favorite oyster spot in the whole FQ- he loves the chargrilled and I like their bread and red beans and rice- I'm not a seafood gal- but this is always his first and last stop every time we visit- which is several times a year.Food was average and the service was down right terrible.  Took them 30 mins to get my check, servers don't Move tables along and the atmosphere is cold and dark.  Doesn't have that New Orleans vibe at all.  If you want oysters go elsewhere.Best boiled crawfish in downtown New Orleans. Also, happens to be the most reasonably priced vs market price and all other restaurants serving boiled crawfish in the heart of downtown New Orleans. They were cooked perfectly, not a single bad one. Many of which, were pretty large in size. (I usually eat at least 3 lbs, I only needed 2 lbs before I filled up). Flavor and seasoning was a great medium spice full of flavor. Also, you get plenty of potatoes and a corn on each 2lb order. AND the clean up wasn't too bad, the flavor obviously came from the boil and not all that extra seasoning some places put on them after they take them out. Also, both the seafood and the chicken gumbos were great! 
Aside from food, the service was great too! A manager came up and asked about everything and the waitress was cool and applaud our crawfish eating skills.  
Highly recommend this place!Best restaurant, best service. Thanks AJ, you took care of our party of 12 as if we were the only customers in the place. EXCELLENT!!! Hope your 47th birthday was a blast!!! We wished we had gone here sooner for the excellent care we received.Wife and I walked all over Bourbon street trying to find a place and we happened to run right into Mr Ed's. This place is insanely good. The recommendation of the charbroiled oysters was outstanding. Seriously will visit New Orleans again just to eat these things. Our waitress Tabby was incredible and probably gave us the best meal we've had in a long time. Amazing place.Absolutely wonderful!! We are frequent visitors of Mr Ed's on Bienville whenever we visit New Orleans (2 to 3 times per year).  We were so thrilled to see the new location so close to our hotel, of course when you're use to a certain location, you are skeptical about the new spot! 
But this new location is beautiful, bigger, and you still get the same great service & food!! Our server Quincey was phenomenal, attentive & friendly!
We absolutely love Mr Ed's chargrilled oysters & the new location didn't disappoint. We went during mid afternoon, no waitlist! We had a dozen of chargrilled with garlic & Parmesan & half a dozen of chargrilled with jalapeño peppers, not too hot just right!The char grilled oysters are a-mazing. Didnt even know I liked oysters prior to my visit here. Shrimp creole is also very nice. Inside of the restaraunt is clean and modern.my boyfriend and i LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! food was so great. def get the chargrilled oysters.  Ambiance of this location is really nice and pretty.  service was great, food was amazing, tvs all around so you can watch the games.  What's more to ask for?I've been to every Mr Ed's and I have never been disappointed! The food is always amazing! 
I Recommend the Charbroiled Oysters and BBQShrimp! 
Da Bomb 
Forgot to take a pic, cause it was so good. The Iberville location is my faaaave! Eli Shia and Essence were the best part of our experience. LikeDion was the friendliest waiter. Great suggestions for food & local things to do. The food was hot, fresh &delicious. Great specials on boiled crawfish. House rum punch was tasty. Nice ambience & friendly staff.Very tasty drinks, great oysters. We really enjoyed it. Had a great waitress that made us some oyster shooters that were fantastic.We visit New Orleans at least once a year and hadn't made it to Mr Ed's until our recent trip last week.  Of all the places we ate Mr Ed's was our favorite. The fish house  seafood platter with fried oysters, shrimp and catfish was really delicious.  There breading was seasoned differently then most places which made it our favorite spot for fried oysters. The redfish Orleans  topped with crawfish etouffee was excellent!  We also enjoyed the Louisiana crawfish pies as an appetizer a nice twist on a Cajun standard.  Devon our server gave excellent service quickly taking care of all our requests and gave good recommendations on dishes.  Ask for Devon next time you visit.
The restaurant  is nicely decorated inside making it a nice place to dress up a bit for the start of a night out in NOLA or equally you'll feel comfortable if you go as you are. 
The only note is the sign on Iberville doesn't really stand out as it's hard to read other then "Seafood" so you might miss it.Great place for lunch.  The chargrilled oysters were fantastic.  We also had the crab crawfish artichoke dip which were yummy.  Service was great and waiter was pleasantVisited on Saturday evening and had raw and grilled oysters that were excellent. Service was great and would recommend you stop in and try for yourself!Great food: had the fish PoBoy and it was amazing, friendly staff: bartender was friendly and attentive. Definitely a great place to relax and enjoy the atmosphere, drinks and friendly staff.What an amazing dinner.   We are from California,  we've never experienced crawfish, Red fish and Cat fish before.     The entrees were OUTSTANDING.  What was even better was JEROME.   I couldn't of asked for a more caring server.  He took the time.to make sure we experienced Loisianna's flavor!!  I highly recommend Mr Ed's ans ask for Jerome.  Best part of our trip!!!The food was very good and they give you a decent amount for they price. The dining area is spacious so you're not all crowded  next to other diners--a rarity in the French Quarter. And Tabby was the best server I've had in a long time  She was pleasant and engaging, very helpful and knowledgeable. She made the dining experience truly enjoyable. Will return and recommend mainly because of her.We were just here 11/24/19 - a little bit skeptical but it amazed us! The Calamari was okay, but the rest was great! They have a happy hour menu ask if it's available. the crawfish spinach dip was AmaZing! Order the taste of NOLA, creole combo and the crab boulettes! You can never go wrong! We will surely be back at Mr.Ed's! and our Server Meldra was the icing on the top! She was amazing!The service and the food was amazing and Diana was the best!!! Gracias !! Happy ChristmasI went here with my coworkers during the weekend of the college football playoffs. Aaron was an amazing server. He was quick and efficient. He suggested great drinks from us. The food came out very fast and was very good quality. They had great deals going on for $5 for food and drinks! Can't wait to come back!!This place was old dirty and rude.  There is a problem if a dinner venue is empty on a sat night. Plus our food was ransid.Friendly staff but food was not impressive...more chain-like vs authentic Cajun creole.  Ordered two different gumbos in our order but same gumbo was given to both of us...lazy.  And luke warm.  Lots of fried options, not much fresh other than oysters.I read all the reviews and chose Mr Ed Oyster bar and grill. Thank you all for your great reviews   I loved all of the oysters char grilled, Bienville , and Rockefeller. Could have made a whole meal out of them. My husband and I are thinking of coming back again before we leave. Excellent customer service.Best Server hands fucking down!!! I personally work in the resturaunt industry and dont usually post on Yelp, but the service provided by AJ was absolutely phenomenal. the food was also fantastic. will definetly will come back here in my next trip to the big easyYou get so much food and very quick service.  The Po-Boys are amazing. The drinks are so official. The cheese dip is yummy.  No complaints.Truthfully, we were headed to Acme, but the line was out the door, so we passed Mr Ed's and decided to go there instead. We were not disappointed. The food was tremendous and the service rocked. As we were waiting, we checked yelp and the first post told about their waiter, that was Quincy, and how good he was, he did not disappoint, he was very good. We really enjoyed our experience. We will definitely come back.Can't Express how much I was impressed with the sevice by A.J. or the 5 star food!. I have been in the food sevice industry 30 plus years and this experience started with the hostess at 4:30pm as I strolled past asking for 6pm reservation. So gracious so helpful. And then wowed by  A.J
And his gift of gab that connected with my witty family. His support staff and bartenders didn't miss a beat during our entire dining experience.ahhh the food from apps to entrees and the desserts. All from scratch! 5 stars put them on the map with the New Orleans legends. Thank you A.J.!This restaurant was highly recommended by our Uber driver so I decided to give it a try. To say that my daughter and I were disappointed is an understatement. We ordered shrimp, red beans and rice and chicken. The shrimp had this, over salted breading. The chicken had a gravy that was too salty to eat and the beans and rice were very dry.  I would not recommend this restaurant.The food was good. However I waited for 45 minutes to get my entree. For this reason I give only three stars bThe service was phenomenal, I repeat the service by AJ was phenomenal. The first thing I will tell you, is you should request A J. He will tell you what to order according to what you like, you'll make sure it's delivered on time. The food was exceptional. The presentation was superb. Needless to say, every time I come to new Orleans from Houston I will definitely be back here. This is definitely a staple of New Orleans. I forgot to mention, you would definitely have leftovers and need to go take a nap before you continue the festivities.Our first stop in NOLA. What a fabulous choice. Alphonso was fun and informative. Food was outstanding, especially the crawfish oysters Rockefeller and redfish Orleans. Both were to die for!  Highly recommend.With so many other amazing places to eat, I would go here. I was thoroughly disappointed in the experience. They were extremely behind on orders and when we were seated we were told a 30-45 minute to get our food. We ordered grilled oysters, raw oysters, an appetizer, and two entrees. We got the raw oysters first, then our entrees, then the grilled oysters and appetizers last. The chips in our appetizer were stale and the raw oysters were basically room temperature. The other dishes were good and the staff was great despite obviously being overworked.Everything was really good! 
Apps:
Fried alligator amazing! 
Seafood Queso dip - excellent! 
Raw Oysters - didn't try, but the table enjoyed them.
Dinner:
Pasta chicken jambalaya - it was just ok, wasn't bad, but was not as amazing  as everything else.
Sea food combo  platter - it was amazing! Etouffee was really good! Must order! 
The staff was very friendly and the services was quick and everything came out perfect!This place has been awesome. Came to enjoy college game day, drink, and enjoy NOLA fare. These folks have rolled out the red carpet for us. Got a TV for the game we wanted, got sound on and som delicious food. Thanks, mr Ed. And Sedrick, our bar tender, is excellent.Stopped by for some oysters while at the market. Got a selection of 12 random oysters chosen by my waiter and they were all pretty great.
The spot itself is why I give it 4/5. Was busy and sorta messy around their dining spot but I packed up and left quickly.We were not heading here but they had the shortest wait and to our surprise we hit the jackpot!  Friendly Service amazing thank you devonwe had the Cajun  gumbo, oysters, two different ways and red fish over mixed green. Great atmosphere tables were not on top of each other totally recommend if your in the area.  The only disappointment I had was I love coffee to end my meal not good but they are not a coffee house.  Would definitely go back to this resterantWent to Mr. Ed's on Iberville street and had such an AMAZING dinner!!! Not only was the food absolutely delicious but our server Meldra was such a sweet heart and the manager Dale was so nice and polite and fun to talk to. Can't wait to go back!Awesome service. Thanks Dominique S.! There was a cool, relaxing vibe to the restaurant. We had the gumbo, shrimp and seafood platters. Great taste of New Orleans and more food than we could eat! We may be back before we head home! Must  put this on your list of places to eat in NOLA!It was our first place in NO for a meal and we were not disappointed. We started with a dozen chargrilled jalapeño oysters. Outstanding. I had a mixed platter which included gumbo, jambalaya, and beans/rice. My husband had the fried platter which came with fried fish and jambalaya. The fish was coated with a lighter cornmeal breading which was good. The mixed platter was good to get a taste of southern items. The oysters here have been by far the best we've had in NO.My wife and I had a great time here. The food was really good (the charbroiled garlic oysters were great) and the staff was super helpful. The BBQ shrimp and redfish are also great meals.Hidden gem just off of Bourbon St. The freshest oysters, greatest service and friendly staff. They go the extra mile to make your visit special. You will love the vibe.This place was amazing. I'm from New York and came with a group of 6. The food was unbelievable and the service was impeccable. If you want a great seafood lunch or dinner in New Orleans, come to Ed's, and ask for Quincy. Quincy was a great server who was comedic and provided great serviceI decided to to try Mr. Ed's tonight. The two of us were delighted that the restaurant was not crowded at all. It was rather quiet when we walked in about 6:45p. We heard so much about the seafood in NOLA that we were dying for some. We ordered 1 dozen of raw oysters for starters. Then the char grilled oysters. The raw oysters were decent in size. They were not the cleanest with some dirt but were acceptable. The char grilled oysters were really delicious came sprinkled lightly with bread crumbs, and parmesan cheese and garlic parmesan bread. When topped with horse radish, a little bit of hot sauce, a squeeze of lemon, they were out of this world. We dipped the bread in the drizzled oil and it's a meal. We then ordered the Fisherman seafood platter that came with lightly breaded and fried shrimps, oysters, fish tenders, and a crawfish crab cake over a bed of French fries and onion rings. The waitress, Tabby was a gem. She was exceptionally attentive. She changed our plates, came back a few  times to see how the food was and if we needed anything else. At the end she even wrote us a list of places to visit at the French Quarters. I would definitely come back to get more of the char grilled oysters.My boyfriend and I dined in for lunch and we were extremely impressed with the service from the min we walked in, to the moment that we left the restaurant. Sheila was our server and she was absolutely AMAZING!! Y'all the food... we had the seafood queso as apps and we shared the Fish house seafood platter . It was cooked to perfection and Sheila made sure it came out exactly when we were ready for our entree. We loved our experience so much that we talked to Mike the manager about hosting events there. As he was giving all of the contact info to book it, Sheila brought me my Saks purchase and umbrella I forgot about and left at the table. I highly recommend you spending your lunch or dinner here soon!! We can't wait to come back! Thank y'all for making our Saturday lunch so perfect!