The people are as amazing as the food. We came the day after hurricane Zeta and they had no electricity but still welcomed us and gave us the most amazing Mexican food with half the kitchen opened!REAL AUTHENTIC GOODNESS. I just moved here from Houston, Texas and everyone has warned me about not eating Mexican here. These folks just proved EVERYONE wrong. Their food is absolutely amazing! I have family in Guadalajara, Jalisco and I told my coworkers it tasted like food from back home (Mexico) and little did I know it was actually from home!  I got the enchilada plate. SO GOOD. Good oBest Mexican in town! Great location, better staff, even better margs! Had the taco salad with chicken and it was to die for, not excaggerating... call an ambulance. LOL !! Ingredients were fresh and the chicken was tender! Will definitely be frequenting this spot.Mr. Tequila NOLA
Taco Tuesday is always an adventure. Street tacos are one of the most common style tacos specifically made for street travelers. They are known to be a quick meal and are made quite simple: two corn tortillas, your choice of protein, cilantro, and onion.
 One rainy day for lunch on a Tuesday, I looked for tacos. I went right to Feret St. to @mr.tequilanola because on Tuesdays their street tacos are $1.00. I first started with queso, which I loved because it was very creamy! However, I did not care for the tacos. I ordered one of each and took one bite of each. None of them seemed to wow me. I even ordered the shrimp taco, which was $3.00 and it was just ok. The two shrimp that were on there could have been added to the 1.00 taco list because there was not much of a difference between it and the others. 
 The service was good, but it was freezing in the building. I hate being wet and cold. I asked the server if they could adjust the temperature, and the waiter stated others requested it as well, but the bartender refused.
OverallAll star staff and management. Paloma is awesome and as usual the shrimp fajitas come out sizzling and popping! My favorite restaurant hands down.This review is months overdue. Mr. Tequila has become our new Taco Tuesday hotspot for the past few months. They have a special where you get 5 tacos for $5. You can mix and match between all of their meat choices. They don't try to limit you to ground beef, chicken or al pastor only. All of their meats are included. They are normally busy, but not too busy to greet you as soon as you walk in and seat you as soon as a table is open. They are ALWAYS spot on with the hot chips and refills. I love that you actually taste the cilantro in their salsa. We most often go for On Tuesdays,but the occasions that we went on a day other than Tuesday the food we got was so good. My honey goes for the fajitas, and I've had the steak quesadilla plate, chimichanga plate and also the steak nachos. The staff is always so nice and accommodating. I look forward to going here every week!!  Keep up the great job guys! See y'all next week!!!Try the black and gold burrito.  Fantastic no frills Mexican food.  Service was great and portions were reasonable.  I got my food to go and they were prompt and easy to order over the phone.The food is amazing! Service was outstanding. Definitely returning the next time I am in town.
Hands down the best guacamole I have ever had.Food was sooooo good and the presentation of it was nice and clean. Loved it. Will definitely be back.HANDS DOWN the best margaritas. 
My boyfriend and I have become regulars for their happy hour and taco Tuesday specials. Besides happy hour they have a different special daily, so call and check in to see what it is!
The street tacos are authentic and delicious. Highly recommend the steak and carnitas! Also enjoyed a salad I had with some salmon when I was feeling a healthier option. 
If you're debating stopping in for a bite and marg- DO IT.Only been here once ... so far. Great addition to freret!  Food and service were great. The ceviche outstanding. The fajitas are definitely a shareable portion. 
They make their own chips and salsa which hit it out of the park. By the way, I'm not Mexican but should have been. My absolute favorite food group and this place is now on the list!!Honestly Mr. Tequila is my new favorite spot! They have an amazing happy hour and on Tuesdays you get 5 tacos for $5! 
All of the staff is super super friendly. Our server Mikey was super welcoming, helpful, and attentive! 
All the food was spice perfectly and big portions!I don't normally write reviews, but I just wanted to give a shout out because the food was so surprisingly good! I got the fajita nachos, and the steak was what blew me away, tender not dry, and juicy. All the other toppings were delicious too. Definitely will come back! Love to find new places so close to my home!My bad for thinking the salsa was not homemade. Props to the folks at Mr. Tequila for keeping it real, which is also why I'm adding back a Star. Thanks!such a fun hip new spot! super great food and atmosphere. we enjoyed guac, queso, fajitas, and more. our group of 9 had an unforgettable experience with a spectacular waitress, think her name was eyelash. will be back!Awesome street tacos! I'm from Southern California so I'm extremely picky about Mexican food, especially tacos. But they did not disappoint! I was super excited that they have barbacoa (shredded beef) so I got two of those and also two al pastor, both were fiiiiire. I never leave reviews but I want more people to know about this place. Skip all the hipster taco spots and go for the real thing! Also my margarita was perfect and our waiter was super nice. I didn't catch his name but he was our server for dinner on a Sunday night. This will definitely be my regular taco spot from now on!!This spot is located in a popping area with a lot of other restaurants, but there's a multitude of reasons you'll want to return: 
- Good, strong margaritas at a reasonable price
- Johnny on the spot service
- salsa for every person at the table, no sharing!
- and the FAJITA NACHOS! Fajita nachos were definitely a highlight of the meal for me, like fajitas but in nacho form. How can you go wrong?
I will definitely return and try some of the other stuff, like their taco salad! They have some reasonably priced lunch specials too that I plan on looking into!Food was really good me and my girlfriend got the fajita salad with steak. The only thing i would change is the amount of lettuce, it was more like steak with a little bit of lettuce. Our waitress was extremely rude and we had to wait 49 minutes for the food, thank god it was actually good.Hidden gem. Really appreciate that they offer an "a la carta" menu for smaller orders of tacos, enchiladas and tamales at reasonable prices. Skinny margaritas are delish and they keep the chips and salsa coming. We'll definitely be back!I went here twice this week, and was not disappointed!!! Everyone loved all the food! We tried steak, chicken fajitas, tacos, nachos, quesadillas, and nachos. All were fantastic!First off I love Mexican food.. This restaurant is clean!! And has wonderful Customer Service..I'm so glad they have Taco Tuesday!! And yes the Tacos are Good.. From the chips and dip to the guacamole and Tacos!!! You can go wrong.. This place has good foodToday was my 3rd or 4th time there. It's been better and better every time. Friendly service too! Today the soup was delicious and perfectly seasoned with lots of yummy chicken. Thanks mr. tequila!Was really excited to have a new Mexican restaurant on Freret and this place did not disappoint! Ordered carry out and it was very quick and hit the spot for the Mexican food craving. The portions are not so huge that you feel sick but still plenty! I had the grilled chicken burrito supreme (yum!) and my fiancé had the black and gold burrito and he loved it. Free chips and salsa with the meal, which is always appreciated!This is my favorite new Mexican place. The food is always fresh and well seasoned. The staff is amazing, always friendly and helpful. I have tried the tacos, enchiladas and taco bowls.Not a bad price for the street tacos. I ordered 6 and the carnitas were the better of the options. They weren't exceptional but had some flavor. They made a great Paloma. so they get points in the drink department.New restaurant in an excellent location on Freret.  They seem to have figured-out social distancing.
What a cool way to adapt to safe social distancing for Fall of 2020.  Now that Fall temperatures have arrived, I'm looking forward to checking this place out!I ate here last night for the first time & was pleasantly surprised! It's hard to find good street tacos & this place definitely has them! The tacos were flavorful & the drinks were a nice size & good as well. I had the Mexican sunset cocktail which is similar to a tequila sunrise. Everything was delicious. I'll definitely be returning on a Taco Tuesday night.Who is writing those 5-star reviews!?!? No way is this place going to last a year. Sure, the service is ultra-friendly and food comes out quickly, but... 
On our first (and mercifully only) venture to Mr. Tequila's, we were instantly greeted with small bowls of truly unimaginative salsa and a basket of rancid-tasting tortilla chips, alerting us to a kitchen that doesn't "change the oil" often enough. So we opted for non-fried fare when ordering.
The fish fajitas, while not unpleasant, were nothing to write home about. Sure, the ingredients seemed fresh enough, and everything was served broiling hot, but I'd be hard pressed to give 'em more than 3 stars for being just-average.
The shrimp tacos were even less stellar; more on the forgettable side. You come away with a sense that Sisco is making a lot of the condiment deliveries (in fact, yes, we did see an employee schlepping a huge vat of salsa into the kitchen from the back storage area).
Can't say anything bad about the passion fruit frozen margarita, thankfully, with a lightly salted rim to make it a classic girly drink.
This restaurant appears geared toward the swarm of t-shirt sporting Tulane students parked around every other table, and if you're into outdoor dining (in an alleyway) then this scene might suit you. But the garish lighting, always-on sports TVs on the wall, and mismatched music overhead tell you this place is NOT authentic Mexican fare (despite the native-spoken Spanish overheard by the bar).
No way Mr. Tequila has got the staying power needed to contend with Freret Street's overall game. Glad we tried it, once, but were extra happy to get out of there.Absolute best service! We were in town for a bachelorette party and Johnny and Herando made our lunch so much fun! The fajitas were great! Will definitely be back when we are in town!We heard of a new hispanic restaurant opening on Freret and were estatic to try this place! 
the restaurant was spaced out for covid concerns and looked great. 
we ordered the nacho fries which were the best thing on their menu besides the margaritas. 
they have the freshest margaritas we have had. the skinny margarita and the Mr. Tequila Margarita are highlights that should be indulged upon.
the entrees, however,  fell flat. My fiancee ordered the carnitas that was bland. I ordered the speedy gonzales that also tasted bland.
overall, this is a nice edition for a margarita pitstop but the food doesn't live to the hype.Might be my new favorite spot for tacos on a Tuesday. They are so good. I had the al pastor tacos and shredded chicken. The tacos were very seasoned. Also the wait wasn't long at all for the food. For my 5 tacos (including a side of salsa verde and guacamole) I paid 9.75 (before taxes). It's not the CHEAPEST food deal on a taco Tuesday but it's definitely not the most expensive so worth it I'd say. It's a nice quaint little place with very nice/kind waitresses and waiters. Some of the deals that are currently on Yelp might not be the same as what's online though. We looked them up before we got here and a few things were different but it didn't take away from the experience again. Probably still be back soon with more friends!!!I can't review the food because I literally called to find out if they have Taco Tuesday specials and the rudest man alive, with the worst phone etiquette says "yea, it's the same specials we've had since we opened" and that was all... NEVER DID IT OCCUR TO HIM THAT I MAY BE FROM OUT OF TOWN VISITING AND LOOKING FOR SOMETHING NEW TO EAT??? And NO he didn't have anything to add! He said that and was done! He never said it's the same specials we've always had, they are... His attitude was poor SMH I have never and now, will never patronize this place.Came here for the first time for they're taco Tuesday special! Street tacos were so good. 1$ each ( 5 taco minimum) Came within the last hour and was still seated and treated great with fast service! My new spot!We have been wanting to go since they opened but times being what they are we did not venture out. 
Finally this weekend we went and we were so happy we did. The food was amazing. 
Johnny was our server( he also part owner but gave staff some time off so he was filling in.) He could not have been nicer. I had enchiladas supreme and my husband the  tacos del mar. We are both super happy. 
They were social distancing and all had masks. All rules were being followed. We felt very safe. 
We are not big tequila drinkers but their selection looked pretty impressive
Will definitely go again.Newly reopened and I was curious to try! I asked if they had street tacos (they do!) and my Mexican tastebuds were fist pumping when I tried their al pastor and carnitas tacos. They are authentic and AHMAZiNG!! I also happened to stop by for happy hour and their margaritas are really good too! Trust me you can't go wrong here. The prices, the quality, and hospitality all great!This is the best tequila bar I've ever been to! The staff is amazing! Ask for Hernando! Johnathon also made our lunch the best!First experience here - excellent service and drinks, very reasonably priced with great daily deals 
Best refried beans ive ever had!Found Mr.Tequilas on yelp and went with my dad. Got the ceviche and chips and guac. Im from California and the food tasted just like it does back home. It was incredible! Our waiter was lovely and super kind. Definitely will be going back :)Great Margaritas and good food. Will definitely be back. Wait staff friendly and efficient.I normally hate being the bad guy and writing a bad review, but gosh-darnit, it is my duty to let my fellow foodies know what exactly is up. This place isn't great. Located in the smack dab of Freret st, this is a college town hang-out. If you're into that sort of thing, you'll love it. Crop-tops galore, this place takes you back to the early 2000's, Lizzie McGuire type-of-scene. By that, I mean, kids. Kids everywhere. Kids that are old enough to drink but not enough sense to know that a bra is not appropriate attire in public. 
I was craving tacos and perhaps it is my mistake, it was on a Tuesday. Dollar tacos, very inviting! Right under their emblem, the establishment claims they are "authentic Mexican." What a joke! My honey from Cali, I from Chicago, and we know authentic Mexican. This wan't it. 
The tortillas were soggy, the meat lacked any flavor and the side of guac ran us $7. The only decent thing we had were the chicken flautas. All around, I would skip this place, the ambiance is no bueno. 0/10 do not recommend.We ordered take out and enjoyed every bite of it. When we stopped by to pick up the food the atmosphere was fun and exciting. Enchiladas, burrito and tacos were delicious and freshly made.  Our picky eaters ( in laws and kids) cleaned up their plates.  Highly recommend.WOO hot stuff! The food was the bomb hands down flavored to perfection, the service has been spot on (thanks Hernando) and the hospitality Johnny has shown while here has been beyond words. Huge thanks and will be back any time i'm in new orleans. RECOMMEND times forever.GREAT FOOD! Queso is amazing and the tacos are $1 on tuesdays. The margaritas are strong and on your birthday you get a shot on the house. A good time overall and the outdoor patio is nice.Best tacos, best margaritas, free shots for cinco de Mayo and if anyone says otherwise they are lying. NAME ANOTHER PLACE IN NOLA YOU CAN GET FREE CHIPS AND SALSA. You can't? Yeah. Exactly.Great casual place for happy hour drinks and food!
I came with a friend on a Thursday night, which is all day happy hour ($4 margaritas!!) We were seated quickly despite it being very busy inside. We ordered margaritas on the rocks, and they were very refreshing and tasty. They also provide free chips and salsa! The chips were fresh and hot, and the salsa was great as well. We also ordered the Queso, which was deliciously cheesy and melty. I ordered the Burrito Supreme with steak. I've had better burritos in NOLA, but it was very hearty and full of meat and rice. It was so big that I took half home and had it for lunch the next day. My friend ordered the Chicken Fajitas, which were also a large portion size, and came with tortillas, rice, refried beans, lettuce, guac, and sour cream on the side. The service was also very friendly and efficient. Mr. Tequila offers different drink and happy hour specials depending on the weekday, so I'm definitely looking forward to returning for happy hour soon!Great food, full of flavors, highly recommend...Enchiladas with green sauce was amazing...This is a super great place to hangout and catch up with friends! The nacho fries was amazing! The plate was huge and such a great price for it as well! The fajitas were a tad bit salty for me but the side of beans, pico de Gallo, rice, and guacamole wrapped in the flour tortillas balanced it out really well! I definitely will come back to try more stuff from the menu! The portions are great enough to share with another person! I also had their al pastor tacos, that was pretty packed on as well and it was good!Ordered to go and the food was so yummy! Everything was packed neatly which made it so much more enjoyable. We also tried the trio dip which was a good portion for the cost.Great food first timer love it keep up the good work . Delivery was ahead of schedule which was great will definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family.Definitely come here for taco Tuesday!!! There's a deal of buy 10 tacos for 1 dollar each! It comes with complimentary salsa and chips. The tacos were pretty hefty and I was left full after just 3 tacos, so it's very great if you're looking for cheap eats! :)We went for lunch on Friday. The chips and salsa were delicious. The chips were fresh and warm, and the salsa was pleasantly spicy. We both ordered the lunch mahi-mahi tacos. The fish was fresh, the portions were ample, and they let us substitute beans for the rice. We enjoyed everything. We will definitely go back.I go there every week after my soccer game down the street. These guys are great.  They play soccer games on TV.  Incredible taco deals on Tuesday. And drink specials every night.  
Cool courtyard, if your worried about indoor dining.  
Get your margs on the rocks!Buenazo!!! Everything good! The rice the meat... the experience there was awesome  thanksssssssClose to my hotel.. Great food and service! Had the Street tacos Will definitely come back!!Found my new Taco Tuesday spot. Great place with great deals. Happy hour is from 3:00-6:00 so perfect for after work. Margaritas are only $4 during happy hour. Also, I recommend going on Tuesdays when tacos are only $1, yes you read that right $1 tacos. You must order five to get the deal but 5 $1 tacos, who can beat that?! And the tacos are very good! The staff is friendly and knowledge on the menu. Food was out within minutes of ordering so you will not have to wait long if you're hungry. 
Great location on Freret St but be prepared to pay a meter for parking or park on an off street. Make sure you checkin on Yelp for 25% off deal when you spend $35 (alcohol excluded)so good will definitely be coming back here :) got the ceviche which was so fresh. guac? perfect. stuffed quesadillas? immaculate. can't recommend enoughGreat service and excellent food. $1 tacos on Tuesdays and Happy hour all day Thursday! Great spot to chill! Highly recommend.Great food and specials. Staff is super friendly and patient. Outside (kind of covered with shades) patio, inside seating, and bar. The taco special on Tuesdays is terrific - 5 tacos for $5. These are street tacos. You get to choose from 8 different types of meat on the tacos. It's freret street, so the street parking can be very frustrating.Mr. Tequila was great. Was looking for a new Mexican restaurant to try and came across them. We happened in on Taco Tuesday, during happy hour and boy was I happy. Their Taco Tuesday special is $1 tacos with minimum order of five tacos per person. FYI if you need to take the rest home, the tacos, beans and rice did reheat well. The restaurant's grilled chicken taco  was my favorite with the street style barbacoa taco coming in second place by only a millisecond. I am thinking about those tacos right now. 
The house margaritas for happy hour were just what the doctor ordered. Can't beat $4 margaritas, $5 for top shelf. 
Our waiter was awesome, attentive, and remembered all we ordered without writing it down lol. 
I will definitely be back. Until we meet again!came here after their article in the Uptown Messenger. Not disappointed! Having lived for decades in NorCal and thus eating lots of CaliMex food, this was very nice! Flavors good, guac made without messing with the avocados, refried beans the right consistency and texture, the carnitas yummy (not usually mixed up with onions in my experience but that worked..). 
The skinny (aka not sweet) margarita was spot on, the decor fresh and staff very friendly. I'll be back!Popped in to this place on a whim. A good decision was made. The outdoor little patio is nice and made you feel like you were in little movie or something idk. The margaritas were decently priced for the quantity and were good. Ordered the fajita nachos and they were quite good. 
Definitely would visit again and prices are super affordable for the quality and quantity of food you get.Food was very good. Ordered the grilled chicken taco salad and it was so fresh. Would definitely recommend and will be returning soonWorst place was put on hold for 30 minutes heard great things about this place totally unacceptableThe food and service was absolutely amazing! There were a lot of delicious and authentic options offered. Cannot wait to go back!When because It was thirsty Thursday, $2 drafts and $4-$6 margaritas but will return for the food...ok we might go on a Thursday 
The assorted street tacos were excellent!  Just the right spice and flavor profile and the sauce on the side was amazing 
The burrito was fantastic, again flavor profile excellent and quantity was just right...full but not bloated when leaving 
Lastly service was super friendly and place had a real nice energy....food and drinks came out timely never waited too long for anything but also never felt rushed....we will be back!Great food, awesome service. Drinks are a bit too pricey but other than that no complaints. Worth a visit.Kept hearing about this place so finally decided to check it out! I contacted them on Instagram and easily made a reservation. They answered promptly and it was no issue at all! I literally got a margarita and then some appetizers, the quesadilla and then the guac, bean, queso trio. All were so delicious, came out hot, on time! Service was great! Everything came out super fast, super attentive and never once did I feel like I was being rushed! Great spot to start out the night, prices  were very reasonable! I can't wait to come back! Oh also they play great music!Barbacoa & Pastor tacos were awesome, unfortunately the service was extremely deficient,  ask for drinks and takes forever waitress didn't show to see if we need any more food or drinks.I was excited to eat at Mr. Tequila's. It's located in the Freret corridor, which is abuzz. The decor and seating were generic and unimaginative. The food too. There were a few issues with my first (and likely last) visit:
1. Improper wearing of mask (below the nose). 
The waitress approached our table with her nose in plain view. I motioned for her to put her mask in place but it was clearly too slack to stay put. Unacceptable. In food service, it is incumbent upon those serving food and interacting with customers to be vigilant with masking up. #Fail
2. Attention to detail. We each ordered Margaritas - 1 frozen, 1 on the rocks, both WITH SALT. Of note, the waitress was also the bartender, which was not optimal since we were seated at a table - and not at the busy bar. Not only did she bring both margaritas without salt but she offered to pour salt into the drinks to remedy her mistake. #Fail. I asked her to please bring two salted glasses back, which she did, reluctantly. The second round was the same order with the exact same result - no salt. Thankfully, a different waiter saw this unfolding and he resolved the issue. Overall, the margaritas were just too sweet, with the smallest kick. 
3. The food was average. The chips and salsa were ok but the nachos tasted weird - like they were fried in old oil. I ordered their carnitas hard tacos (3). It was absolutely the most bland pork that I've ever eaten. EVER. Aside from a garnish of cheese and iceberg lettuce, there was nothing more to the tacos. When I asked for hot sauce, the waitress initially said they didn't have any. (?) I was shocked and proceeded to name options, like Louisiana, Tabasco, Cholula, or any other variety. Finally, the gentleman who fixed the margaritas emerged from the kitchen with a brand new bottle of hot sauce. When he attempted to hand me the whole bottle, I said to please just put a small amount in a disposable cup because...COVID. In any case, there was no saving those tacos from Bland town. 
Final verdict: This is the perfect place for students (not looking for quality cuisine) to grab food and keep it moving. You can eat cheaply at Mr. Tequila. If you're in any other category... hard pass on this new spot.This place is awesome. Best tacos ever. The rice and queso dish makes you drool and let's not forget about the margaritas! Their happy hour??? Oh you can't beat it!This place is truly special. Probably some of the best mexican food I've had, including in mexico. 11/10 rice, I had to order an extra side even though i've been stuffing my face with gumbo and jambalaya for the past 2 days. Ordered the enchiladas suizas. Incredible food from the first bite. Didn't go wrong on a single square inch of the plate. Eat here for sure.I have been waiting for Mr. Tequila to open up all summer and it was definitely worth the wait! Mr. Tequila fills a unique niche in the NOLA Mexican food scene that I have been sorely missing. It is a fun, casual, and affordable restaurant. They have daily specials and happy hour. I went on Thursday for all day happy hour and $4 margaritas. The margaritas were very good and packed a punch. They have free chips and salsa, which not many places do in NOLA, and I also ordered the queso which was a silky white bowl of cheesy goodness. I shared the chicken fajitas with a friend and is was plenty for 2 people. My other friend got an enormous burrito that could have easily fed 2 people as well. Mr. Tequila is a great new addition to the Freret neighborhood! The restaurant was quite busy when I went and it was loud. The staff were quite friendly and I will definitely be returning soon!Disappointing.  We were there during lunch hours but were told lunch wasn't available without explanation.  My husband ordered steak enchiladas but what he received was ground beef. When he asked about it, he was told it was different from ground beef somehow.  I got a chimichanga which was not fried crisp.  Basically meh.amazing food in fantastic service. I ate here two nights in a row. Once a loan, and once with a friend. The service is ultra-fast and could not be more friendly. The food is freaking awesome. one night I had the carne asada which could not have been more perfectly seasoned. The other night I had shredded chicken enchiladas. Chips and salsa also perfect.
Everyone in the restaurant is carefully observing the covid-19 safety precautions.Great place taco Tuesday 
Food was excellent 
Customer service on point 
A must for any day of the weekThe service was fast. I stopped by for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. They have a special each day Monday-Thursday, and Thursday is all day happy hour. I'm excited to check out their happy hour with friends. I ordered El Trio which included three dips: guac, queso, and refried beans for their tortilla chips. It was absolutely amazing. I got the steak fajita, it was super filling. I can't wait to go back.Mr. Tequila did not disappoint for Cinco de Mayo! Margaritas were on point. Tried their chimichanga that was delicious! It was topped with white cheese sauce, I added salsa, guac, and sour cream, so good! Comes with rice and beans that I devoured while hot. They seem to give you a 25% off $35 every check-in that came in handy. 
Cinco de Mayo Goodies: Free shots, free cowboy hat, and free t-shirt. I will say it was a great Cinco de Mayo!
The staff was awesome, keeping up the the crowd and not rushing you to free up a table.Mr. Tequila on Freret Street is a Mexican restaurant that has tasty food and cocktails to satisfy your craving.
Some popular menu favorites include Traditional Fajitas ($11.50), a savory blend of grilled bell peppers, onions, and a choice of rice, refried beans, sour cream, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole, and tortillas; Freret Burrito ($14.25), a steak or grilled chicken burrito filled with rice, beans, pico de gallo, and guacamole with a side of fries; and Nacho Fries ($10.95) topped with steak, cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole and sour cream.
On my visit, I had the Black and Gold Burrito ($12.25), which the menu describes as a burrito filled with ground beef or shredded chicken, rice, beans, topped with chile con carne and white cheese dip. I got mine with shredded chicken and chile con carne on the side. It was a great size for the price; the chili con carne and cheese dip were the perfect touch.
With great food and great service, I will definitely be back!
I wrote about this spot for Uptown Messenger. Check it out here: https://uptownmessenger.com/2021/08/gonzalez-brothers-offer-authentic-mexican-flavors-at-mr-tequila/I had one of the best dining experiences of my time in New Orleans. This was our first restaurant stop of our weekend getaway, and it started out amazing. The food was delicious with a lot of flavor, and the service was personable and really great. 10/10 would recommend coming for the lunch deals! Also, a shot of patron while you're here. Thank you so much Johnny and Hernando for making this an unforgettable experience!Well, we weren't here for the longest time, but it was a great time. We sat at the bar which was like the fastest service ever. We came for taco tuesday about 4:45 maybe and it was very busy already. 
The deal for taco tuesday is if you buy 5 tacos, they will be $1.50 a piece making it about $7.50 for five. They also had drink specials but I didn't get anything. They serve you complimentary chips and salsa which is RARE in the city of NOLA. 
We ordered the small queso which is enough for about 3 people. Then I did the street tacos with al pastor, steak and barbacoa. Yall....do not skip this barbacoa. It was the best one I had! 10/10 would recommend all five tacos with barbacoa. I was instant regret when I only got one.