In a word... "OVERRATED!".  The food took forever to come out.  The burger was WAY overcooked (Especially when I ordered it Medium Rare) and the Seafood Jumbalaya was Decent.  Not worth the price.  There are better places to eat in the french quarter.  It was not horrible, but for everything that we had heard about this place, I would have expected much better.Excellent.  Went there for lunch (the budget option).  Prix fixe menu was tempting.  Wife had the prime rib po'boy with the soup of the day (tomato fennel).  Both were excellent (the po'boy being an upscale interpretation, with gruyere and a really good horseradish sauce).  I had the seafood jamabalaya and seafood gumbo, also excellent (probably the best I've had).OMG! What an amazing dinner experience. A friend recommended this place and it was incredible. We had two of their signature dishes -- the BBQ shrimp and bread pudding. This is a fantastic restaurant with great ambience and fantastic service. Highly recommend it if you're visiting New Orleans. Their fried green tomato appetizer was a great way to kick off the meal.If you're looking for a great brunch place in New Orleans, definitely come here!
My boyfriend and I had brunch here on Sunday, and we loved it! We both started with the Brandy Milk Punch, which was divine.  If you are of age, order this drink!  It is an alcoholic milkshake, and I could literally go here just to drink that because it is so good.  
They bring out fresh bread and butter, and then my boyfriend and I ordered the trio of appetizers.  The trio is quite small, but it includes a duck springroll, fried chicken livers and a fried oyster.  The duck springroll came with a wonderful tangy sauce, which I greatly enjoyed.  My boyfriend enjoyed the fried chicken livers and the fried oyster, but those are not two of my favorite things.
For my entree, I ordered the shrimp and grits.  Oh my goodness... so good! The shrimp are bacon-wrapped, and the grits are true Southern grits.  I will definitely order this dish again when I get the chance to return.  My boyfriend ordered the fish of the day, which was blackened Mahi Mahi, and he loved it.  
Definitely go to Mr. B's!Excellent food, good service, great location. 
My wife had shrimp and grits, I had the barbecued shrimp -- both were outstanding. The appetizers were good. The bread pudding was a tad dry in the city that is supposed to be the mother lode of bread pudding. 
Mr. B came close to snagging the fifth star but the service could have been more attentive and the place is freezing - - in July in New Orleans. Wear long sleeves or bring a jacket.We had a mixed experience at Mr. B's.  We started at the bar for drinks and a starter due to table wait. Bar was nice for a busy night. Our table was ready early so the bar staff transferred our starter to the table and things went down hill quickly. Starters were delivered and then we were ignored for over 45 minutes. No drinks, water etc. Finally a waiter in another section took out order. We ordered BBQ shrimp (best thing on our table), rabbit and wood plank grilled fish. Fish was a very small piece and not worth the $$$. Rabbit was good! Hit and miss service ruined the experience.This place was definitely the best dining experience I had in NOLA during my week-long trip! My husband and I walked in without reservations during their Sunday Jazz Brunch. We waited about 40 minutes, but we had the music and ambience to keep us occupied. 
Despite the place being ridiculously busy, our server didn't rush us at all. He encouraged us to take our time browsing the menu and placing our orders- definitely one of the friendliest servers I've encountered. 
The food here was absolutely amazing! The complimentary bread and butter was very nice. My husband and I started off with the seafood gumbo, and it was delicious! Both of us had a sea bass entree and it was definitely the best fish I've ever had. The fish came with a side of green beans and this DELICIOUS sauce that could make anything taste great. We finished off with chocolate orange ice cream and creme brûlée for dessert. The next table over was raving about their bread pudding, so I'm guessing dessert is usually a hit all around at this place. 
The coolest bit about my experience here was that my husband and I got seated where Ronald Reagan sat on his two visits to Mr. B's (far left corner)- Reagan just so happened to visit on my birthday! 
Our bill came out to be $100+ but it was worth every penny. If I'm in NOLA again, I'm definitely revisiting Mr. B's.This place is amazing!!! There aren't enough words for how amazing the food is here. The BBQ shrimp are a must and if you're into truffle oil/butter flavors I highly recommend the truffle fries (more than enough to share) and the truffle butter filet mignon. For dessert the bread pudding and white chocolate brownie are both good options!Looking for a delicious New Year's Day brunch was hard this year in New Orleans. We didn't want to wait in line and wanted instant gratification. Although we may have felt tired, my bf and I were appropriately dressed to go to Mr. B's. As soon as we walked in, I felt transported into a different world. Jazz music was playing and I felt at home. 
First of all, I could not have been more grateful for the fresh loaf of bread we were given. We devoured it in a matter of minutes. Then came the gumbo ya-ya. It was spicy and savory and everything I expected from a gumbo. Finally came the bbq shrimp. We had been warned that these shrimp did come with their heads and tails on. Bibs were placed around our necks and we were off. The shrimp were some of the most rich and delicious ones I have ever tasted. The sauce they were served with was divine. Although it was messy, there is no other dish on the menu I would have traded for this.
Overall, service was friendly and quick at Mr. B's. The food was delicious, although a little pricey. Definitely try the brunch if you are able to.We had an excellent lunch here. The food was great and the service was fantastic. Great Gumbo Ya Ya, great BBQ shrimp, delicious crab cakes. Everything we tried was good. I highly recommend this place.The BBQ shrimp is amazing.  Be prepared to get a little messy if you order it.  They have the head on and need to be peeled, but it is well worth the trouble.  The shrimp are huge too.I've been geeked up all week about gettin back to New Orleans so I could come to MR. B's bistro!!! When I say the shrimp and grits are the best Ever.... I do mean ever! I killed it!  I truly wanted to lick the bowl! Just greedy! My husband got the filet and loved it as well! Don't come to NOLA and not visit this place!!! The service was great too! We sat at the bar and Larry and Joshua were our bartender/servers!Had the specialty BBQ shrimp and they were pretty good but didn't blow me away. Making the mess was fun and the sauce was well worth sopping up with the bread. What really impressed me about this place was the excellent and attentive service I got at the bar.Great spot for Sunday brunch. We were sat immediately, which is always a positive. The servers were extremely polite and kind. Our drinks were delicious and the food was great. 
I personally ordered the Petite Filet with the truffle scrambled eggs, was the perfect portion. My fiancé ordered their famous BBQ shrimp, very tasty but were a tad over cooked, was very difficult to remove the shells. When we mentioned it to our server she was very nice and even offered a complimentary dessert. Also ordered at the table were the Eggs Benedict and the Fried Oyster Sliders, they were also enjoyed very much. A tad expensive for breakfast but it was all very good. 
To finish our meal we ordered the Bread Pudding....amazing, also the White Chocolate Brownie was very good!! Overall a great experience. 
Keep in mind they also have live music for Sunday brunch!New Orleans use to be all about service. My wife and I were running a few minutes late because our 1 year old needed to be changed right as we left the house. Mr B's would not seat my father until we arrived. It is time for Mr B's to get with the times.Wow, the BBQ Shrimp was killer.  Definitely a must.  Ted and Dwayne did a great job as servers.    I would come back for sure.  The decor is nice and the atmosphere pleasant.Mr. B's.  Yes.  I was walking back to my car from ACME, when I spotted a fisherman who was parked and selling his fresh shrimp catch to a chef out on the street.  I took one quick look at his catch and found the most wonderful looking jumbo shrimp I had ever laid eyes on.  Not your standard jumbo, but real JUMBO.  Huge tasty looking shrimp!
I was compelled--even though I had just gorged myself on chargrilled oysters and a po'boy--to inquire about these shrimp of his.  I asked him, "excuse me, sir, where is the absolute best place to eat those shrimp of yours around here?"
His answer: "Mr B's, you have to try the BBQ shrimp there for sure"
Who dat?  Mr B's dat.  My convinced my coworker (which wasn't to difficult) to come with me to try the BBQ shrimp.  We quickly sat at the bar, as we had already eaten lunch, and requested an order of BBQ shrimp to share.
When the shrimp came to us, and we took that first bite (after peeling the shrimp, of course), we found ourselves in decapod heaven.  They were served swimming (no pun intended) in a delectable buttery/spicy sauce, which was truly amazing.  The smokey and spicy flavors of the sauce were infused into the shrimp, which is truly no small feat.  The best part about a sauce like this is that it seems to build in nuance and intensity with each bite.  Each shrimp, as a result, seemed better than the one just before it.
I was so amazed, that I returned the very next day for another order of BBQ shrimp, to be split with a different friend.  I take great pleasure in sharing the things I truly enjoy with friends, and what better way to do that than over a bowl of BBQ shrimp at Mr. B's?The food was excellent, no complaints at all there. I was very happy with the hostesses as well. The waitstaff was okay for the most part. I would have been more happy if they stopped by a bit more than they did.
Certainly a must visit when in the city.It is a good experience, so give it a try.
When you walk in you can tell it is slightly more upscale than its surroundings.  It's near the bourbon street area, and most of that are bars and entertainment.
Mr. B's is that white table cloth kind of place and the servers all look like they are in suits.  The atmosphere is nice, and fairly casual.
The food is pretty good.  They have a pork and fig entree...the pork was very tender, but there wasn't enough of the fig to really make a difference.  There is also a pork chop entree that is really good, but not as tender as the pork and fig.
The bbq shrimp was really good....they give you a bib so you don't splatter on yourself.  
They had a fish special of the night which was a drum....never heard of that kind of fish, but it was also really good.
Overall,  good place.  I recommend trying itGumbo ya ya ...... most excellent!  The best!  A Texan in our party said it wasn't the real gumbo...how does a Texan know that?  We listened to our tastebuds and they over ruled her.  
Get the Gumbo Ya YaThe service here is pretty fast, seemingly even on at prime dinner time of 8pm. The portions for the main course that I got seemed small - but if you get an appetizer either to share or on your own, an average person should be in good shape. 
For the table we got an order of the Truffle Rosemary Parmesan French Fries, which were very flavorful. It had a nice earthy truffle taste, balanced with the saltiness of the Parmesan, and rounded out with the rosemary. 
Main course was the Bacon Wrapped shrimp with Stone ground Grits. This was exceptional - and was probably the best 'shrimp n' grits' i've had in NOLA. Shrimp was perfectly cooked, with a crisp piece of bacon wrapped around it. It stayed crispy even on top of the moist, decadent, and flavorful cheese grits.Great food & pleasant service.  Would order any of our dishes again & staff Robert & Gregory were both very entertaining but not overbearing.TWO THINGS: best SHRIMP N GRITS I've ever had (I live in TX) and best PECAN PIE I've ever had (literally melts in your mouth). 
That is all!!!!Good service in a relaxed, yet upscale atmosphere.  The Gumbo Ya Ya and bread pudding are highlights.Dined here because a friend kept telling me that the BBQ shrimp was a must! We made a reservation and specifically told the receptionist that we will have a baby in a stroller. When arriving right on time for our 6:30 reservation on Friday 07/17/15 the hostess had this mean face. I informed her that we had a reservation and provided her the information. In a not so friendly tone she asked me if everyone was present. We informed her no, but they were on their way. The door to the restaurant is one of those spiral hotel lobby doors. My dad didn't know how to get the stroller inside. The male hostess walked to the door and was informing my father to go around. When I saw they were here, I walked up to the mean women and informed her my party was complete. She watched with an even uglier face on as my father walked in with the stroller. She ignored me as she was watching him and I repeated twice that my party was complete. She finally decided to talk to me and informed me that the stroller cannot go by our table. I then replied that I specifically informed the receptionist about the baby. At that moment the hostess raised her hand to my face to tell me to stop. I was shocked and wanted to hit her hand out of my face. However, being in a nice place I kept it in and just walked away. The male hostess sat us at a table that had booth seating. He pulled the table out for some of us to slide in and he walked away! So the rest of the party pushed the table back. I then was telling my family how shocked I am about our dinner experience starting the way it did. Mr. B's is a more upscale and nice restaurant and I didn't feel the southern hospitality at all! I had better service the night before at ACME! 
Our server Kevin & Renata then greeted us but being so heated I asked for the manager. EJ (Manager) came and I informed him of what happened. He offered to buy us our first round of drinks (which was very nice, but was not necessary). 
Kevin & Renata were amazing! They turned our dinner completely around the recommended amazing dishes and treated us with respect. They both are great assets to Mr. B's restaurant. I dont leave 40% tips often, but when I do it's well deserved!
We ordered 
Appetizers 
1-1-1 soup
Sampler 
Entrees
2 BBQ Shrimps (AMAZING)
Butter Truffle Filet (meat was good and very tender)
Crawfish Ravioli (it was yummy but not as great as the other dishes)
Bacon wrapped Shrimp & Grits (delicious the grits were so soft and melted in your mouth)
Soft shell crab (yummy perfectly cooked not to hard and dry)This restaurant came highly recommended & it did not disappoint. It was exactly what I wanted from a NOLA restaurant. The wait staff was very attentive & professional, the food was exceptional & the timing the food came out was perfect. When I went in Sept they offered a restaurant week menu for $35, with a plethora of options to choose from. I started with their fresh crab app baked in a butter sauce with almonds. The crab was fresh & crisp & the lemon butter sauce was so fabulous, I had to dip some bread into it. For a main course I had their blackened & seasoned tuna served medium rare. It came in a delicious creamy pesto like sauce that complimented the tuna very well. For desert, I finished with their pecan pie with vanilla ice cream...easily the best pecan pie I have ever tasted, I could tell it was made at restaurant, absolutely phenomenal. I love that the chef recommends certain a wines with each dish too...the wine I had complimented the food well. 
I can see this place getting packed, so we went early. I would suggest getting a reservation & if you're not into crowded/somewhat loud places, this isn't your type of place, but if you're in the mood for some great NOLA style dining, definitely check it out!Our very foodie friend Marc recommended 
Mr B's as one of his top 3 in NOLA. We had a truly delicious dinner at KPaul's the night before, and we had high expectations. We walked in with a conference group of 6. Restaurant was fancy and crowded but they were able to seat us right away! Everyone enjoyed. The gumbo appetizers, 3 soup sampler, artichokes, and fried oysters were amazing. Best fried oysters ever. Huge pork chop. Red snapper delicious but portion a little small. Nearby tables had their famous shrimp--looked messy and tasty. We tried 3 of their desserts--all good, especially pecan pie. Three amazing servers for our table--very attentive. Definitely worth it.Was our best meal in NOLA. Fantastic gumbo and the BBQ shrimp is fantastic ... Different than I expected as it Comes in a bowl with fantastic tasting BBQ sauce which was consistency of soup. The give you bread to soak up the fabulous sauce. In New York when u order BBQ shrimp you get shrimp on a skewer with a thick BBQ sauce lathered on top. Me B version far superior. 
Great meal and great  service.Mr B's BBQ shrimp is of my favorite things to eat in NOLA. For those of you uneducated in this dish, it has nothing to do with BBQ. Weird, right? The large head-on shrimp are simmered in a rich sauce of butter, Worcestershire sauce and Creole seasoning and served with French bread. The flavor in this dish is beyond incredible, and after the shrimp are all eaten I'm sopping up every last bit of sauce with the bread.
For the rest of the review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/A great option in the French Quarter for good food and service.  Everyone was happy with their meal and the well-priced wine.  Only flaw was the terrible dry reheated bread with the over salted butter, skip that to save room for the meal, which, like everything in New Orleans, is not light.  Not the classic New Orleans dishes for the most part but brings in the flavors.  I had the crab cake and the red fish, both delicious.Lunch is the best deal in town and it is our favorite resturant in New Orleans. Great service.I cannot believe I haven't written a review for my favorite restaurant in Louisiana! Seriously, if I was on death row, the BBQ Shrimp would be last thing my taste buds ever enjoyed. I highly suggest wearing the bib they give you - unless of course you like to wear your dinner proudly. 
Even if you aren't a shrimp fan, their filets are always cooked to perfection and their gumbo is delicious. 
Don't forget to grab a cocktail too - their Bloody Mary's will save your life. 
They even have a room in the back for private parties - which is great for rehearsal dinners, graduation parties, etc. 
Mr. B's is the B's knees!Best shrimp and grits I ever had! I had read reviews before going and some were negative. Decided to try anyway and glad I did. The wait staff was wonderful and so was our dinner. Wine list is somewhat limited but had a glass of viognier with dinner. Yum!  They're a little overpriced but I would go there againLet me start off by saying the BBQ shrimp at Mr. B's was the single best plate of food I had while in New Orleans. Spent almost five days there, and didn't enjoy any dish more. 
Staff was really friendly and we enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. Felt like we were in a throwback New York joint. 
The only reason I'm not giving them 5-stars is because the crab cake, although mostly crab, was not very flavorful and overpriced for just being a single serving. 
So, if you want BBQ shrimp, I'd recommend this place 11 times out of 10.In town on business. Great food. Fried oysters, lamp chops and dessert were all A+, coming from a New Yorker. Reasonable prices. Great service.If you go you must try the barbecue shrimp delicious!! you get about 8-10 in a special sauce you eat them with your hands and a bib if you want to stay clean. (Highly recommended) the red fish was awesome as well. Classy place best service in New Orleans they pick up the plates from your table as soon as your done eating it's like they were watching me eat freaky but great :). Go here!!Make reservations!!! That is the most important thing about this restaurant. The food was a little better than average and the portion sizes were substantial but it certainly was not out of this world. We ended up going to the restaurant on a Saturday night after our first choice was so booked that we did not want to wait hours for a meal. However, we were fooled by the hostess at the restaurant. We we arrived we were told that the wait would be about 45-60 minutes, which was okay for 7pm and not something that would be unusually. Well as we sat and waited we noticed that everyone that came in after us no matter how many other people put their name on the list it was always 45-60 minutes. The wait time was never adjusted for the people that came after we did. So we ended up waiting almost two hours for a table. My wife ordered the red fish dinner and I ordered the steak dinner. After we ordered I joked with my wife that they might run out of food which was the wrong thing to do because they did run out of the steak. I do not run a restaurant but I find it very strange that they would run out of a staple dinner on a Saturday night when it was not on special. So I had to get the pork chops. Well while my wife's dinner was good the pork chops were so dry that it needed a sauce or something to make them edible. Also I got about two spoonfuls of rice and three measly carrots. If it would not have been so late I would have run to a McDonald's in order to get some more food to eat. We were also give only one loaf of bread and were never offered or asked if we wanted another. Honestly I think there are better places to eat in the area. I found it to be over priced and pretentious.Impeccable service, our servers Robert and Wade were excellent. The food was so delicious from the Mr. B's shrimp, garlic chicken to desert. Highly recommend making a visit here.The food is not bad (Though for the price you can do far better in NOLA), but the waiter ruined our experience here.  I think his name was Stephen, but can't remember for sure.  My wife asked him if they had any non-alcoholic cocktails because she is pregnant, and he talked to her like she was an idiot, and acted very put off.  When she did not like the daiquiri because it was too sweet, he replied "well, it's a daiquiri". 
Then, trying still to be nice, even though he was raising his nose at my wife, I said "Do you have anything like a martini for pregnant women?" And he said, "I mean, we have juice..."
I'm alright with the fact that Mr. B's hasn't jumped on the wave of hip restaurants that  understand that when you are pregnant, you'd still like to have unique cocktail option (who the hell is still serving daiquiris?), but the dude was just an ass about it.  It's not often I spend 250 dollars on a meal and get insulted.    
 He was generally short and put off by us the entire night (every 15 minutes when he would happen to come over to our table... we had reservations at 5:30, he didn't take our order until 6:45).  
Anyway, I hear there is good brunch at Mr. B's, but I don't think we will be going back.  There are too many great restaurants (We went to Coquette for dinner the next night, and it was amazing, and the service was excellent)  in New Orleans, and this place is top level price for mediocre food.Philippe wanted more BBQ shrimp. Not only did he get it here (with the head on!!), but he also got great gumbo-the Ya Ya-as well as excellent cocktails. The 201 drink with bourbon was divine. Martinis were a $1.50!! The service was excellent too. Places need not always be trendy and hip. Most often, simple and elegant food with good service wins!A-List. This place is busy and for a few good reasons. The food is excellent. The $6 a glass house red was also excellent. Their bread pudding is the best I have ever experienced. The service was solid and a bit hurried as mentioned in some of the posts. There are a lot of out-of-towners here to be sure. What makes this place special are the locals who I spoke with at the restaurant who drove in to wait in line to eat here. That tells me things are pretty good at Mr. B's. Yes, it is expen$$$ive. Glad to have visited this place.Great food. Enjoyed everything and the staff was amazing. 45 min wait for the table and the priciness warranted 4 stars.I ate here with a work group, table of seven, and it was beyond fabulous. From service to apps to mains to desserts. The only thing wrong was stomach size!!! We had two very attentive servers. All of our orders were recommended. We ordered three different shareable apps for the table and I honestly can't recall which three because they were gobbled up. One guy ordered shrimp and grits, I ordered the diver sea scallop app, and the others all ordered barbecue shrimp. My scallops practically melted off my fork. Devine! We all got a spoonful of grits which were beyond fab. And I ate at least 1/3 of my neighbor's shrimp. We had to get extra bread to sop up the goodness left over.  Ordered three absolutely fabulous desserts to share as well. I mean I'm glad I had a small plate so I could help others clean theirs!!! When in NOLA, do it in style.Oh man! This is the best BBQ shrimp I have ever eaten! The bread pudding is creamy, crispy edged deliciousness! Our server, Ishmael, was the cream of the crop!Had a great time here. Moderate wait at the bar - but we did get there pretty late. Our first table was freezing and the waitress was beyond rude. We asked to move and the manager could not have been more accommodating and understanding. The replacement waiter, Quentin was the real deal - he was knowledgeable, attentive and kind. We all had the red fish for our main course which was amazing!!! Bread pudding and profiteroles for desert did not disappoint. Great time with great company in a lovely restaurant - overall a perfect first day in NOLA.My partner and I went here for dinner on our first night in NOLA! It was simply amazing! Attentive and friendly staff, great atmosphere and of course best of all the best food I've ever eaten! My partner had the soup of the day which was leak and Brie followed by the pork cutlet. He said it was the most amazing pork he has ever eaten! I had theses food gumbo followed by the BBQ shrimp... The BBQ shrimp has to be the best thing I've ever eaten! I love that they delicately put a bib on you and then you dig in! Honestly if you eat one thing in NOLA it had to be Mr B's BBQ shrimp!!!!Slow service but friendly staff. Customized veggie pasta for my husband. I liked my shrimps. My friends took gumbo and oysters nd were not big fans. But the angel hair pasta with shrimp was pretty good. the best part was the bread pudding. Overall decent place. Not a place I would go again though.As a foodie I don't feel as though an establishment has to suffer a poor rating based on service. So .. As far as food is concerned  I ordered the Garlic Chicken with Rosemary .. It was fantastic . The Duck Spring Rolls were delicious . My friend ordered the highly recommended BBQ shrimp which were phenomenal,even after the shrimp were finished we kept dipping the French bread in the sauce .  Downside : we waited an hour for food and about a half hour for a table which is ok I guess were not impatient THE PROBLEM . Our server ALTON took our order and never said anything else to us for the remainder of the night .. It was weird and awkward .. He never checked on us .. He never gave us any food updates .. He didn't even ask us "how was everything?" "Would you like dessert"  there was a waiter who wasn't even our waiter who put the BBQ shrimp bib on my friend . We paid and talked to the manager . Sorry ALTON this was easily the worst service I ever had so .. Takes nothing away from the food . Only the dining experienceService is impeccable. Ate at the bar and Larry delivered some of the best service I've ever had anywhere. Other servers were great too! The food was delicious. I went back for my second visit to the city just for the BBQ Shrimp, and it did not disappoint the second time around. I also had the gumbo ya-ya and pecan pie, but the BBQ shrimp outshines. Great experience here, definitely plan on enjoying a meal or two here when I'm back in Nola!The BBQ Shrimp was totally the BEST dish I have ever eaten!! Mr. B's does not miss a single detail in the dining experience.  Everything was done to perfection. I cannot wait to go back!!!Gumbo Ya Ya Mmmmmmm smooth creamy dark rue, set along a side of crispy fried oysters they were perfect. Miss Jennifer had Duck spring rolls great as always. As with most eating establishments, the staff can make all the difference. I have been eating at Mr B's long before I could reach the bar. So knowing s good bit of the staff is great. That being said Mr. Dean at the bar is our number one reason to dine at Mr B's. I know, yes the food is excellent. Hehehe.It was raining and needed to eat a bite before we left town and we found Mr.B's on Yelp. We were lucky that we went there way past the lunch rush and so it was easy to get a table. And the food, oh my! As a vegetarian, I was resigned to eating a salad. I started out with eggplant sticks, which were not bad. To be fair, the waitress offered a veggie linguini and I was not sure if I wanted to order that because I try to avoid pasta/wheat even though I don't have celiac. But my son ordered fettucine with veal and one look at the fettucine, I wanted the pasta! He absolutely loved the veal. My pasta was oh so fabulous. It was tossed in lemon butter sauce and the vegetables were plenty. 
My partner ordered the BBQ shrimp and he thinks it is his best meal on this entire trip over the past two weeks. Order the shrimp. What else is there to say? The sauce it was served on was delicious, buttery and nicely spiced. It is not at all what you think when you think of barbecue. 
The only disappointment was the bread pudding. Perhaps we were too full to appreciate it. Perhaps another favorite bread pudding from  a different restaurant spoiled us. It was just okay.  Overall, a fantastic meal and a fantastic place.Mr.B's has seen better days. Service is lacking (we reordered bread and never received it, Wine was brought to the table well into the main course, my soup was almost cold).
The food is still good, but they really need to work on getting the service to the level it used to be.Great lunch experience while in New Orleans! All the staff was quick and extremely attentive, Renata provided me with great recommendations.  would definitely return and recommend to others.My first trip to New Orleans, and my first meal here. Ordered the fried green tomatoes and Crawfish Pasta, husband had the seafood gumbo and the Mr.B's Barbecued shrimp. Before I even get to the food, let me just say that the service here is impeccable. We had 3 different people waiting on us. Normally, this is a mess, but at Mr B's, they all communicated with each other. We got our food quickly (drinks took a little bit longer but we were hungry so we didn't care) and thy apologized for that. As soon as you leave for the bathroom, one of the waitresses comes over and  folds up your napkin-Michelin star style. The MrB's BBQ'd shrimp was my favorite, very smoky and peppery and full of flavor. Hey also provide warmed bagged bread. The bread pudding dessert was also great!Great spot in the heart of the French Quarter. Do yourself a favor and don't consider ordering anything other than the BBQ shrimp. If you look up the recipe, it's shrimp that's DROWNING in a flavorful butter sauce and, as you'd expect, it's AMAZING. Worth a stop for lunch or dinner when you're in NOLA.What a cool restaurant. Old school New Orleans. I had the grilled shrimp app, bomb... the gumbo, very good. And the truffle butter filet. One of the best steaks I've ever had!!!! Service was excellent. Highly recommended.Another Brennan's favorite, of course.  We went for brunch on Sunday as a little treat.  Service is tops.  Food is amazing.  We even had dessert because we could not resist.  Palace Cafe is nice as well if this place is full for brunch.My girlfriends and I came here later for dinner one night after a long day.... our waitress was amazing and accommodated some of the groups picky tastes. I wish I could remember her name! Maybe Renata? Loved her!This is probably my favorite restaurant in the States.  Partial emotional (as that is where I met my husband) but more than that, their shrimp and grits are LITERALLY to die for.  I had them on a first date with my husband and asked him "do you mind if I lick the bowl?"  I woke up dreaming about them.
Every time we go back to N.O. We make reservations there and it has NEVER failed to please!!The BBQ Shrimp and bread pudding was amazing.  We had the Pear Cosmopolitan (2 of 5 Stars) and the Blood Orange Margarita (3 of 5).  The service was excellent.We made Sunday lunch reservations in anticipation of a jazzy/boozy brunch. There was a live band but it wasn't quite jazzy and the music was drowned out by the loud conversations. The food was delicious though and the staff was attentive.
+ Seafood Gumbo: you could treat this soup dish as an entree since the portion size is a full bowl and it comes with rice. Lots of seafood but beware of the cracked shell pieces you may have to fish out. The gumbo was pretty good; it has a bit of a kick and was an overall very hearty soup dish. 
+ Soft Shell Crab: I almost cancelled this order when I saw the size of my seafood gumbo but since the waitress highly recommended it, I thought I would power through lunch and then follow that up with a power nap! :) The soft shell crab was my favorite at Mr. B's Bistro. The crab was nice and crunchy on the outside, seasoning was just right as you can still taste the crab meat. Tender pieces of crab.. I was so full from the gumbo but I just couldn't stop eating the soft shell crab!
+ Shrimp & Grits: The bacon wrapped gulf shrimp was delicious. I was so tempted to order this dish but just had shrimp & grits the night before. Creamy grits with good sized shrimp.. and that bacon made it even better! Perhaps a mention of bacon should be included in the name of the dish rather than just in the description. Yes, knowing there's bacon would make the dish sell better.. at least that's the conclusion our lunch party agreed on.
+ Bob's Coffee: similar to Kahlua. I found it a bit too sweet for my taste. 
The seating setup was a bit odd, for a party of 5 there were 4 chairs and the head of the table sat on a booth seat. Not too much room in between the tables. In case you're looking for the restrooms, head to the bar and go downstairs.Fantastic food and service! Gumbo ya-ya was delicious, as was the braised rabbit. Also, martinis were excellent.Great place for dinner. Super fast seating. A server we had named Nell was absolutely above and beyond. Food was super tasty, the menu is simple, a little of everything but worth the price.Two years later and still just as good as I remember it.  This was our final meal in NOLA and we wanted to go out on a bang.  Thank you Mr. B's for making it happen.  We each ordered the lobster bisque for starters, that came with a freshly baked baguette and whipped butter.  All I can say is that I am happy that I ordered the bowl and not the cup!
By this time, we were shrimped out, and though I really wanted the BBQ shrimp, my friend and I opted to order the special of the day, which was Amberjack with a olive tapenade on a bed of mint rice.  The fish was moist and flakey, though it had a steak-like thickness.  The mint rice was such a nice compliment to the saltiness of the olives.
We ended our meal with the bananas foster.  You can't go to NOLA, without partaking in this local delight!  It was the perfect end to a perfect meal. 
Again, THANK YOU MR. B's!One of the best meals during our NOLA trip. The servers have on bow ties and jackets and the furnishings are sort of Great Gatsby like. I had the filet mignon with spinach and garlic potato rounds-AMAZING! The spinach and potatoes were the best I've had. The filet however wasn't the best piece of meat, even with the truffle butter. But nonetheless it was still good, I've just had better. My boyfriend had the pork chop and LOVED it. But the carrots were underdone which was disappointing. We even got a free banana pudding because there was a mix up in the kitchen. It was absolutely delicious-melted in my mouth. Giving it a 4 because the service could have been a little better.I am giving this restaurant my highest rating even though I only had one dish- the famous bbq shrimp.  I had heard about this dish for years but only recently got around to trying it at Mr. B's.  Wow...where have they been all my life?  I could not get enough of that messy goodness, and the shrimps were huge and perfectly cooked.  After using up the French bread slices that came with the plate I took some from my wife to continue sopping up the sauce.  It wasn't diet food and I didn't care.
My wife had a plate of the truffle, cheese, garlicky fries and loved them.  We did not have a reservation but were able to eat at the bar, where we got attentive and friendly service from their excellent bartenders.  I will go back, but I'm afraid that all I will ever want are those shrimps.Just ok.  The best part about this place is the service.  I give it  but I probably will not rush here nor recommend this place to friends visiting NOLA; unless they are looking for a great building that is clean, staff that is attentive and service that is fast.  
I started with the Soup 1-1-1 which was Gumbo Ya Ya, Seafood Gumbo and Soup du Jour.  The Ya Ya was  a bland piggy broth.  I took one sip and pushed it to the side.  The Seafood Gumbo was typical, nothing spectacular.  The Soup du Jour was potato and was good.  Honestly, I've had better soups in the Midwest.
My main entree was shrimp and grits which totally made up for the Ya Ya.  The grits were super creamy and delicious and the shrimp were huge.  Definitely a good choice.
For dessert I had the bread pudding which was meh.  I've had monkey bread that was better.
I grew up on southern food so perhaps I'm a tough rated but I wasn't overwhelmed.  If you are looking for a safe bet for dinner, go here.  If you want to be wowed, keep walking.Excellent omg the BBQ shrimp sauce with the bread is excellenta (I made up that word). We were walking in the area and we were told by our dentist to stop in. I am so glad I remembered the name. The Bloody Mary was also really good. The staff is amazing so very good. Come in hungry or not you will find something good. I wasn't even hungry and I had to dip the bread in the sauce. After our meal they gave us the best hot towels.My family and I had a reservation here on a Saturday night (which I highly recommend), and we all enjoyed our meals! It states business casual as the recommended attire, but there were people who dressed casual. The staff are all nice and accommodating.
After we placed our orders, we were given complimentary French bread and butter. I tried not to get full from it, but the bread was too good! Some of our orders included: honey glazed pork chop, bacon-wrapped shrimp and grits, gumbo, burger, filet mignonette, and crab ravioli. Everything but the burger was a hit. My father-in-law thought his burger was a little dry, but he ate it all anyway...which states that he liked it in a way? When my mom's gumbo was too dry, the waiter gave her another gumbo. 
The place is a symbol of great dining. I would recommend this restaurant for those visiting NOLA. Since it takes reservations, it is advisable to do so!We have been to Mr Bs tons of times, unfortunately I will be labeling them as the next great restaurant who fell victim to commercialization. I'm appalled. Worst service I've ever had in a restaurant. The quality of food I will say was exceptional, minus burnt gumbo (southern ppl can tell dude). When we asked to speak to the manager to tell him about the service, complete JOKE! Managment is where it starts. MR Bs owners should be completely embarrassed. We will be spending our money at the other restaurants that haven't sold out to commercial life. Almost ruined our New Orleans trip. Shameful.Great food and service with a nice menu selection. Had the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp with the most amazing Grits (found out they have Marscapone Cheese in them). Also their Gumbo Ya Ya (with chicken and andouille) was amazing.How can something so simple become so hard? 
Ducked into Mr. B's for a quick lunch at the bar. I ordered a Mr. B's luncheon salad (dressing on the side) and a catfish fingers app. The salad came WITH dressing; the overly loquacious bartender was at the far end of the bar, regaling diners there with the tale of his losing another customer's credit card earlier in the day, and despite my efforts, I was unable to get his attention. So, I ate the dressed salad. Twenty minutes later, the bartender finally came by, and asked if I had received the catfish fingers. I had not.
The bartender ducked into the kitchen, came back, and assured me that a fresh order of catfish was being made for me. Waited (in vain) for another 30 minutes. When I had been waiting a total of 50 minutes and had still not received my food, I asked for a check (minus the catfish) and a manager. The manager heard my story and professed to be astounded, and he assured me he was going to investigate in the kitchen as to what went wrong. Then he jumped up and left.
Anytime that I've experienced a restaurant malfunction of this magnitude, I've been offered some measure of hospitality. Neither the bartender nor the manager cared enough to offer me a drink, a dessert, or any other compensation for the time I wasted trying to have a simple lunch. What a supreme disappointment from what I thought was a high caliber operation.Visited Mr. B's on the last night of a bachelorette party. Walked in at 8pm with 5 people and were seated immediately. It is definitely a splurge, but well worth it. Between the 3 of us we ordered a moderately priced wine, 3 filet's (you can change around the side orders if you want. The potatoes and asparagus were awesome.) Another friend ordered the pork chop, which was about 5 inches thick, and came with a soy/ginger sauce. I wasn't impressed with the pork chop but the filet was a great size and excellent. Only thing I should have requested more of the sauce that came with it as it was great as well. This was a great dining experience and I'm looking forward to going back on my next NOLA trip.The French bread is crusty an warm but... Ice cold butter? Seriously!
Their shrimp & grits meal is a sauté of applewood smoked bacon wrapped jumbo Gulf shrimp served with creamy stone ground yellow grits and red-eye gravy.  Overall, the dish was flavorful and creamy. The shrimp were plump but the amount of grits was severely lacking; as if a shortage had occurred. That's NOT a good thing when the meal costs $27. Not worth it.
For almost the same price, but a far superior shrimp & grits meal, visit Café Adelaide: Shrimp on Shrimp & Grits: dried shrimp crusted shrimp, grilled oregano red grits and absinthe-basil beurre vert for $26.00.I have never felt as compelled to write a review of a restaurant.... I have never written one before... But this place is THAT good. I loved the entire experience I had here. It is lovely inside, really a great place for a date night or dinner with friends.  The staff was so kind and made me feel right at home. I was checked on a perfect amount of times - not too often, but definitely never even had to think of flagging somebody down to get something I needed. I ordered the truffle butter filet, which was cooked just perfect to my specifications. The sides that came with it were also cooked well and seasoned just enough. For dessert, I had the hot buttered pecan pie, as suggested by a staff member here, which was to die for. I plan on coming back before the end of my trip to enjoy this meal one more time!Your mouth will never be the same once you try Mr. B's BBQ shrimp. I read the reviews and heard the ravings and to be honest I went in skeptical because yelp reviewers let me down 9/10. But this...this is the real deal. You will try this dish and forevermore be changed, never being able to eat BBQ shrimp anywhere else again. You'll spit on those dishes that try to claim they are BBQ shrimp. One of the very best things I have eaten so far in my culinary adventures. I dream of the day I go back and can binge on it once more.Mr B's didn't disappoint. Gumbo was very good. The soft shell crab was good. Nicely fried. The place got very busy so you need to make sure you make a reservation or you will wait a long time.First, food was good in this busy BUSY place, but service was not what it should have been for the prices...  Once the food FINALLY got to the table it was pretty good, but I had shrimp & grits and it would have really helped if someone had cleaned the edges of the bowl... 
Again, the place was packed, but my guess is that our server was just not up to the task.Wow! What a place! Food was just amazing. We got the famous shrimp dish and we are going back! A New Orleans must.