For the first time it was good, line was long but worth the wait. Had me some beignets with hot chocolate, yum.I think you can't go wrong with coming here. This place is awesome. I love the beignets because they're not too doughy. If you get some beignets too big thinking you're getting your money's worth, you'll be getting too much dough and they'll taste doughy when you eat them. This is the classic New Orleans cafe flavor (fast, loud and good). Be sure to try the Mocha ice coffee is GREAT. It really blew my mind because I wasn't expecting that type of flavor from a mocha drink. I'm use to having a  bold flavored drink from Starbucks but this was more of a mild/smooth flavored drink. Try it and you'll see what I'm talking about. It's not blasting with the coffee taste. Next time I'll post pics because they only have two available.Not much to this little things; think Pillsbury dough tossed in a deep fryer then doused with powered sugar. But they are more than that, light and crisp with a good, but not overly sweetness.Best beignets in New Orleans... There is the historical well known beignet cafe next door.... But Go ahead and get that out of your system then walk across the street to this place.... We came back here every morning to enjoy these beignets the remainder of our trip.  Not doughy but light and airy... Amazing!!!Way better beignets than Cafe Du Monde. We went there four times over four days.  Layers like a biscuit.  Pockets of air like a croissant. Run.  Their hours aren't great.FYI... They only take cash here. I liked the beignets. They kinda remind me of Sopapillas.The beignets are quite tasty. The staff are friendly and there is adequate seating inside and outside of the store.Definitely the superior beignet establishment in NOLA! Dare I say superior to even cafe du monde? Yes yes i do. Went for breakfast 2 days in a row- tried the pigs in a blanket, stuffed beignet and an order of beignet- the mister and I were two happy (albeit full) campers. Coffee was yummy too. PS much better service and cleanliness also.Amazing! Light airy, like a crossiont but more flavor. No one was thee and I have no idea why except atmosphere could use a boost. Would go back in a second after trying 3 other places.  Cafe at last was ok... wouldn't recommend but beignets were exactly what I expected from New Orleans. Peach filled was a but cold, but very flavorful.Delish! Their crab and corn soup is superb! Their beignets are definitely no Du Monde....but with that being said its a good place to check out and try their yummy dishes they have to offer. Try the corn soup. Seriously. You will not be disappointed.Wow! The stuffed Beignets here are to die for.  Take a picture at Cafe Du Monde and head down to this place to grab your Beignets. P.S: they have AC!Super greasy beignets.. I would not recommend this place. Go to Cafe du Monde instead just a couple more steps away.. Its the original and so much better!Awesome and fluffy beignets too yummy. And the gumbo...gaaaaaawd the gumbo....just try it. And Francis is sooooooo nice and friendlyFor my money, once you've checked Cafe du Monde off your NOLA bucket list, walk a few more steps uptown and come here. 
Number one, you won't wait forever in line or for somebody to wait on your table. Number two, they're the same price as CdM. Number 3, they're BETTER!
These little pillows of yum are more like fried puff pastry, incredibly light and delicately crisp. Topped with a judicious quantity of powdered sugar, you get them hot and fresh because they're not being made and served by the thousand. I pretty much thought a beignet was a beignet, but these are the best!Beignets are awesome and flaky, and so nice to get them and eat them with a view of the river. Customer service has been medicore but when you're in and out so fast it doesn't really matter. Were out of a few types of drinks last time but once again, just a quick morning trip so wasn't a big deal.If you have never had a beignet ever , save yourself a disappointment and never go here. 
These are oily and thin and nothing like cafe du monde. 
The sea food stuffed beignet is actually not bad considering the spicy stuffing. 
I wish I had waited in line and had the real thing at Cafe du monde instead of going here on my last day in NolaFound this place because Café du Monde was crazy packed. Luckily we did! Loved the beignets. Fluffy, sugary goodness! Yum. (We did eventually try Café du monde but these were way better in my opinion.) Went back twice in one day. They have a nice little seating area inside if you need to cool down or you can take them outside or to go. It's cash only as well.This is an alternate to the highly popular Cafe du Monde, since it's literally 1/2 block away and has much shorter lines.  You are less likely to be standing in the rain here.  They have more savory items on their menu, and are counter service, unlike their conpetition.
The beignets reminded me more like croissants than beignets.  I also tried the pig in a beignet and sausage and grits.  Didn't really like those though since the sausage was a little weird.
I'd prolly stick to the CDM line next time.We didn't bother with cafe du monde because a friend recommended this place to us.
We were not disappointed.  It was fast and they came out piping hot and fresh.  Just terrific.Go here for Beignets- light and crispy, ready in a couple of minutes, just delicious!!!!
This is a cash only place, but much better than standing in line at the 'named' place on the other side of the park.Thankfully our carriage tour driver told us you can go to the most famous spot "Café Du Monde" and wait an hour for famous beignet that's not good, or you can go a block away for the best beignet at New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.  Let me tell you the beignets at New Orleans Famous Beignets were so much lighter and fluffier not heavy like at Café Du Monde.  I wish I would have gone back before we left to have another.  I will be craving their beignets!!!!  Seriously in my opinion these were the best!!!Yummy, flaky, buttery beignets!! 
Wandered here when the line for Cafe du Monde was around the block. This place had a shorter line so we decided to try it. 
The beignets were melt in your mouth yummy! They are not the traditional style--lighter, fluffier--but they were delicious. They were also cheaper than some other places at $3 an order. 
Highly recommend!Bottom line these are the best beignets I've ever had. And this is coming from a local who knows all the spots...plus my mom made them for me as a kid for breakfast. The beignets here are thin and airy and flaky - like a breath of fresh air in your mouth. Very fresh and hot and the perfect amount of powdered sugar. It's not like 3 pounds of sugar caked on! The price is slightly more expensive than their main competitor who is 500 feet from them on the same street - Cafe du Monde. However the taste is about 100 times better! 
The price is right - $3 for 3 beignets. 
You can add on a $3 Pig-Nay (pig in a blanket) which is a piece of Cajun pork sausage in a beignet roll with powdered sugar on top. I tried one today and it's fabulous. A nice treat on top of your treat. 
I don't like coffee so I can't vouch for the coffee. 
Dare to eat them and replace your habit of going to Cafe du Monde next door. 
3 Drawbacks: 
    1. Cash only (there's an ATM inside)
    2. Closes daily between 4:30-6pm depending on whether weekend or weekday. Just make it a brunch or midday treat.
    3. Sometimes long line and relatively slow moving. Only one cashier. Good things are worth waiting for.
It's fun to hear them yell out your order to the chefs in back. Old school. Bon appetite!This was my first trip to New Orleans, so I had to get a beignet. Cafe du Monde was way too crowded for me. We found this little place right down the road from there. They were fantastic!!! They practically melted in my mouth. The next night I got some at Cafe Beignet in the Musical Legends Park. I thought if you've tried one, you've tried them all. I was wrong! The ones at New Orleans Famous Beignets were far superior, in my opinion. I highly recommend and will definitely go back the next time I'm in NOLA.This is a perfectly respectable deep fried puff doughnut.  But when you grew up on CDM, this just won't do.  Really, it's it's the opposite of CDM's, which are thick and bread.  Here they are thin and flaky.
Prices are the same.  But here they also have other flavor options.Forget the famous original beignet place in the french quarter or Cafe Beignet on Royal St.  This one is less crowded & my favorite beignet spot.   Light, fluffy,  airy & addicting!  You won't be disappointed.So the ICED coffee was WARM. Melted my ice within seconds and was pre sweetened. The most disgusting thing I have ever tasted. The beignets were flat and heavy and burnt tasting. They failed to put enough powdered sugar to cover the bottom one as If it was the bad child or something. But the music gave me a migraine because it was so loud and that did not matter where you sat. Everything was a mess. The sugar container was very clearly empty. I will not be coming back no matter how long the line at cafe du monde.They will charge $3 for hot water. But still, I like their beignet better. It is fluffy and light, not quite doughy like.I wish I could give more stars!!! Everything in here is amazing!  They have the best corn crab bisque and they have these beinget wrapped sausages that I can't even describe! They are soooo good!!! 
Just a heads up they are cash only totally worth the trip to the ATM though!!This busy cafe is right across from Cafe du Monde, which was wonderful, because I wasn't willing to wait in the line that wrapped around the building for a quick snack. 
We were seated quickly and were served our Beignets and coffee quickly. Our server cashed us out when our pastries arrived, so there was no wait once we were finished. The little pillows of fried dough had so much sugar on top that it fell all over the ground, they were delicious, light, and steam rose from the center when we tore them open. 
Maybe next time we visit NOLA we'll make it to du Monde, but New Orleans Famous certainly did the job.The best beignets I have had in New Orleans! Compared to Cafe Du Monde, and Cafe Beignet. 
On the beignet thick & doughy scale:
1. Cafe Du monde - thickest, doughy-est, not too much flavor
2. Cafe Beignet - less thick, and crispier than Du Monde
3. New Orleans famous beignets - light and flakey
I tried peach, seafood and original. Original is my favorite, because it is light, flakey and not overwhelming. The peaches in the peach beignet are canned peaches. 
At the end of the day, it all depends on your preference for how you like your doughGreat beignets! We had the peach filled ones and they were really yummy. The chicory coffee was also very good - note to self :-) order it iced next time as New Orleans is so hot :-).
The cafe also sells nice souvenir paintings that looked different from all the same stuff sold in souvenir shops throughout the city. Also please note they take cash only.Doesn't not have any clue on customer service or expediting orders. Waited for over 15 minutes to place are order and was told to take a seat. A group that came in after we did put in an order and we waited. Again we were ignored and walked out after another 15 mintues.We stopped here thinking it was CDM because the marketing looks very similar, I'm sure that's by design. I actually liked these  beignets better!!! they were light and fluffy. Also great service. We also had the pig in a blanket that was amazing. For the price it was totally worth it!Great service and less crowded than Du Monde. I thought the beinets were great. Bogo with the hop on hop off tour. So if you don't want to deal with the mob next door just go here. They're warmer and more fresh!Beignets are not my go-to dessert of choice but when I do have a craving for the sweet, fried stuff I bypass Cafe Du Monde and come straight here! These beignets are fluffier and more buttery tasting than the ones at its more famous neighbor. I really shouldn't say this b/c it means the line could be longer the next time I'm here but it has to be said!Great spot to purchase beignets! No hassle with the lines like at Cafe Du Monde. Also, just across the way so if you want a more efficient time option, come here. 
During my visit came here both times. Quick and delicious.Even though I don't reside in New Orleans, I'm so disappointed to hear that this place has closed. Their beignets were FAR better than the ones that I tried at Café Du Monde, as many other reviewers can attest to. Truly the best beignets I have ever had to this date!My husband and I recently visited NOLA and had to try all the coffee and beignets shops and this place had the VERY BEST beignets of all. They were light, fluffy layers of true scrumptiousness. Forget the crazy crowds at the other place and come enjoy the best!!If the line to cafe du monde is a block long and your dying for a beignet, try this place and the line will be half as long. Good deal with 3 beignets for $3 and they are nice and flaky, kinda like a croissant. They serve cafe au lait and iced coffee. If I hadn't just eaten lunch, I would've tried their savory seafood beignet.Take out Beignets!
Sometimes you want to walk and eat - this is the place for you!  They do have tables or you can take out and walk the streets of the French Quarter.  Wait in line to order from the full menu which includes excellent beignets. Easily as good as Cafe du Monde just a few feet away.  Paying in cash makes everything move more quickly.  
When your order is up find a table under the awning to people watch or stroll riverside along the walk to see the boats pass by. We tried the beignets and several lunch items.  All were great and so easy to transport for a picnic!
There is inexpensive parking in the riverfront lot if you need a space.  Just pay on your way out.Excellent beignets! Cross between a donut and croissant. The staff is so friendly. The line is worth it! More seats past the ordering station.The food here is amazing! The original beignet is where it's at! The only issue is the outside seating. While it is spacious, it is not well kept. Definitely come here and try their beignets.Best beignets in NOLA. Fresh, hot, light, fluffy. And no line!
Unlike the other famous ones which are extremely doughy.Better than Cafe du Monde. Thinner but more flavor, crisper, and we ate them all. Cafe du Monde were not hot and tough and flavorless in comparison. Go here!Not only are the beignets good, but we love to get the beignet wrapper sausage or grits special.  The coffee is what my husband loves about New Orleans.  Line is fairly quick on a busy day, but we cannot visit the city without a stop.  It's quick and easy.What good luck for us that the"other beignet place" was too busy! These beignets are the best!This place was totally awesome. We decided to try this while we were waiting to board the Streamboat Nachez. I say yum, YUM!!I absolutely loved these beignets. The texture and fluffiness was the best.  I cannot wait to go back to get these!Slow service, so slow my boyfriend was ready to leave after waiting 20 mins for a table. The beignets were amazing but the service sucked ass. After 20 minutes of waiting the waitress took the older Caucasian couples order before ours, meanwhile the older Caucasian couple had just sat down and we were sitting next to them and waiting to be served. On top of this the waitress was extremely pushy/aggressive  when it came to leaving her a tip. The beignets get 5 stars but the customer service gets zero I will not return due to the long wait and how my boyfriend and I were treated by the waitress. But if you do decide to go I would recommend taking your order to go.Wow, this place was great.  Had to wait a few minutes for them to make the beignets but they were absolutely delicious.  I'm glad we didn't cave and go to Cafe Du Monde.  The beignets were hot and flaky and not too sweet, and fluffy.  Even had to wait a couple of minutes for them to cool down, but I didn't mind at all.  I am so glad we really got to experience great beignets.  Plus the iced coffee was delicious as well (I think it was New Orleans style?).  Service was pretty good, too (you order at the counter, but the woman working the counter was pleasant).I'd have to agree with the masses. I concur these are the best beignets in NO.  Right next to cafe Dumont,this place is quite the gem.  The coffee was pretty good as well.  I normally take cream and sugar, but I opted for only cream and added some of the beignet powder sugar to my roast and it was delicioso!  :) The line was long, even on a Monday late morning, but not as bad as Dumont.  Be sure to check out the mimes and street dancers in the area while bashing your beignets.  :)Good, hot beignets, decent coffee and hot chocolate.  And that about rounds out the menu, and I'm okay with that.
Saw the line at Cafe du Monde before our morning tour, so decided to run over here.  Short line, and darn good beignets for our breakfast.  Small seating areas both inside and outside, nice when it cools off a bit.
Don't wear black as I did.  Or, don't be bothered by powdered sugar on your clothes, as I wasn't (Sweetie was, a bit...)The beignets are much better than cafe du monde. These are soft and light, while cafe du mondes are thicker and crispy. Also its much cleaner and not as busy. Definitely recommend!Wow! Out of this world fluffy light yummy powdered crazy food! Warning.  May cause addictionBeing an out of towner, and never having had a beignet, I was pretty happy with this place.  We tried Cafe du Monde first, but I'm not about to wait in any line that long for anything.  Went back to New Orleans Famous, got right up to the counter, and got a table outside.  Are Cafe du Monde's fried dough bombs covered in sugar really that much better?  I doubt it.  Count me out.Best beignet place in New Orleans. They make it true to the French style, light and crispy with a generous amount of powered sugar. The staff is amazing and it doesn't take too long to get them out really hot and fresh.Made a quick stop for a mid morning snack.
We arrived close to opening so there was no wait and the beignets were hot and fresh.  I must say as one of the reviewers I prefer these to Cafe Dumonde.  Not that theirs is bad because they are not. I eat those too.  I feel these are a little lighter and the powdered sugar stays on better because they're flatter.  Give them a try and compare.  They close early thought so pay attention to closing time.  I highly recommend.Not good at all. Cafe Du Monde is a few steps away, but they were packed so I decided to give this place a try. I was very disappointed. Next time I will wait it out at Cafe Du Monde.After walking past this place several times in several different days, the line was always out the door, and  sometimes all the way back to the street. We took a chance and went early on a Monday morning and walked right up to the counter to place our order. Nothing like fresh hot fried dough drenched in  powdered sugar on a Monday morning.  Top it off with a nice hot chocolate and a view of Decatur St, and you know you are experiencing some of the best New Orleans has to offer. These beignets are so light and go down so easy that 3 will not seem like enough(they come three to an order). We got lucky and didn't have to wait, but no matter how long the wait is,  it'll be worth it when you sit down and enjoy one of the main things that New Orleans is famous for.We were in NOLA for the Sugar Bowl.  
One morning we went out for beignets and coffee and were stunned to see the line at Cafe Du Monde.  I absolutely HATE to wait in lines, especially when it's 25 degrees.  So we turned around and started back to our hotel empty handed. 
After walking only a few feet we saw New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.  So, we decided to give them a try.  We were very pleased.  I actually believe their beignets are better than the ones at Cafe Du Monde.  Their coffee, however needs a little work.
If you're going to NOLA make this one your top choice for beignets and coffee.We tried Cafe du Monde, Cafe Beignet and here. This place has the best beignets hands-down. Fluffier, flakier and hotter. A must-try when you're in NOLA.$3 for 3 light and fluffy french donuts. Definitely a must! 
We ate the ones at Cafe Du Monde and found them heavy and greasy, like a donut shop.We walked in with NO wait. Highly recommend the seafood beignet and pignay. We didn't try the famous Cafe Du Monde so I can't compare but we have no regrets about skipping that long line and visiting here instead. Yum!Our vote for best beignets in New Orleans (and we tried every beignet place we could find).
They are crisp, light, amazingly delicious!!!Am Ufer des Mississippi unweit des Jackson Square gibt es zwei Möglichkeiten, die typischen Beignets zu verkosten - der Österreicher würde "Polsterzipf" dazu sagen - ein in Fett herausgebackener Germteig / rechteckiger Krapfen mit einer Tonne Staubzucker oben drauf. die übliche Portionsgröße sind drei, zu zweit hat man allemal genug von einer Bestellung. Eine Schlange bildet sich hier den ganzen Tag, sie ist etwas kürzer als beim nahegelegenen Tipp aller Reiseführer. Die Bestellungen gehen schnell, die freundliche Mitarbeiterin hat trotz der Hektik ein freundliches Wort für die Besucher übrig und die Beignets sind ein Traum. Ein Tipp: Nicht essen, wenn es windig ist, der Staubzucker verteilt sich überall!Dare I say better than Cafe Du Monde? Maybe. We didn't try them side by side, but they were at least equally as fantastic! If the wait at CDM is too long, you won't be sorry with this selection!Just walked six blocks back to my hotel to find that my to go order was missing a few things. My beignets had no powdered sugar. My stuffed beignet had no silverware, despite being told it would have silverware as the cashier handed it to me.
Guess we'll double check our order next time.MY LORD!  The best god damn Beignets I've ever fucking ate my whole entire universe.  I mean you get it all warm, with tons of powdered sugar.  And one bite is so succulent, the moistness of the flavor just comes right down your throat!  AMAZING!  I would go to New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.I've been to cafe Du Mon a bunch of times and thought it was the best because it's always open and so big.... But I was wrong.
This place is much better. Smaller, but a completely different taste and texture.
This is now my favorite.Not bad. Beignets are a little less fluff than some other places, coffee isn't great. The frozen cafe au lait was too sweet for me to drink, which is saying a lot because I drink my coffee pretty sweet. My husband got jambalaya and quite like it and he said the Pigney (Cajun sausage wrapped in a beignet)  was an interesting take on the pig in a blanket.
Over all my experience this time was just kind of meh. The times before were better but this isn't my first or second choice for beignets and coffee.Delicious coffee and B+ beignets, only because Cafe du Monde puts all places to shame with their beignets. 
This place hardly has any tables, enough to sit about 30 people, but it fills up quick and is hard to get a table.  The to-go line is loooong too.  'Service' isn't really all that it's more just order and 'here you go, cya later'. 
A good 'runner up' if Cafe du Monde, which is FEET away, is packed.Clean place, go inside and order at the counter.  They have indoor seating in a windowless room and patio seating.  There are restrooms for customers.  They have beginets, pigs in blankets, coffee, gumbo, jambalaya, corn soup, soft drinks and iced coffee.  People okay.  Beginets are rectangle, think flaky pastry type with powdered sugar, 3 per order and good.  Nothing like Cafe du Monde type.  Will come here again.  Parking right behind it in two different lots.  Saturday parking in summer 2015, $25.00 for 2 hoursWe did a beignet tasting of three different spots.  This version of the beignet is flat, piping hot (in my experience), and tasty.  Not my favorite version, but certainly yummy.Must have crispy, flaky beignets. Better than the overrated Cafe Dumond.I have yet to find any place called ["name of city]" famous ["name of product"] that actually does any favors for the city or the product for which it's named.  Ever.  
I ran into a friend I hadn't seen in some time and having no interest in spending a half-hour waiting in line at the much better option down the street, we came here. 
We were seated and waited on pretty quickly, so no complaints there.  We ordered the beignets and cafe au lait, as expected.  The food and coffee arrived quickly and both were hot.  Things deteriorated from there.  The first thing I noticed was how flat the beignets were, like slightly puffy pie crust.  Not an auspicious start.  What had me swallowing the rising bile was the oil sitting on the plate underneath one of them.  Seriously, there was at least a tablespoon of golden oil puddled on the plate.   I went no further.  My friend, on the other hand, took two or three bites, but must have had an iron stomach as he thought his tasted and looked fine.   I can't explain that reaction other than to say he had been out most of the night and probably was still blowing a BAC near.08.
The cafe au lait was okay, slightly better tasting than bathwater, but not by much.  You'd think with all of that, I'd be giving this place 1 star, but the live music here deserved a star.  As long as the act played the keyboards, he was all right -- pretty good, in fact.  It's only when he started to sing that he lost his charm.  Unless you're Dylan or Cash, please don't try to imitate Dylan or Cash -- just do it your own way.  The music was really the only saving grace of this place for me.   But this is not called N.O. famous music cafe. So if you want beignets and cafe au lait, move on down the street.Very good beignets! Coffee au lait was okay. We took ours to the river and sat on a bench. It was lovely! Definitely have to dip the beignets in the powdered sugar if you get them to go.First of all I think I originally mistook this place of the famous cafe du monde, but I am so glad that we did. My boyfriend and I got there right before the line started to form. The service was fast and very friendly. The beignets were super delicious. The were fried perfectly and not greasy at all. A tad too much powdered sugar but that probably bc we had it in a to go bag instead of just the normal container. The chicory coffee was nice too. Very strong and black. 
Service was fast and friendlyI do not know why this little gem does not get more recognition because the beignets are deliciously addictive.  They are light and fluffy with a slight crispy exterior similar to a genuine French croissant.  For comparison, Cafe du Monde's beignets were thicker, chewy and heavy and Cafe Beignet was somewhere in between.  Among the seven people in our family it was a unanimous coronation for these beignets as the champs.  Our hotel was over a mile away but somehow we kept ending up here every day.  What really pushed our obsession with this place over the top were the "oinkers" or beignets stuffed with Cajun sausage.  I am salivating just thinking about those savory little indulgences.  Pair everything with a small cup of chicory coffee and it was perfect.  Take your meal and stroll along the river a few steps away.  Everyone has a different take on what a great beignet should taste like, but this place is a must try.They serve much better beignets than Café du Monde! 
Their stuffed beignet was probably one of the best things we had in NOLA. Crab meat stuffed beignet topped with crawfish sauce served over jambalaya rice, this is New Orleans all in one dish! 
Their beignets were so light and fluffy my almost-2-year-old son loved it too. I definitely prefer this place over Café du Monde. The service here was nice too.
(We were initially headed to Café du Monde and saw the long line so decided to try out this place. We later tried the beignets from Café du Monde at the mall location but they were very bread-like... Heavy and not fluffy with too much powdered sugar. Definitely NOT worth the wait.)