In love with this hole in the wall. Def must get some of the biscuits. They're huge!!!Apple Goat Cheese King Cake. Oh my gosh. Seriously. Absolutely fantastic. 
I came in with my boyfriend for breakfast on a Sunday and just had to try the mini version of their apple goat cheese king cake, so I bought one to save for later. I ended up not getting to eat it until the next day, but it was still absolutely unbelievable! It took everything in my power to not eat the entire thing in one sitting! 
To eat while I was there I had a crab omelet, which was very enjoyable. But the biscuits and homemade berry jam were the real star! I could eat their biscuits and jam every day for the rest of my life! 
It was absolutely packed the Sunday morning we were here. Upon entering we gave our name to one of the staff members so she could find us a table while we stood in line and ordered- it was an interesting system but seemed to work! And we had a table ready for us right after we finished ordering!We came on a Saturday brunch/lunch and there was a small line that reached out the door. But once inside, it was pretty quick. One worker reserved us a table. Then we stood in line debating what to eat before ordering at the counter and sitting down in their small house-shop. The walls are filled with decor, mainly paintings to be sold.
The food was brought out to us at more or less the same time. I got the french toast, a side of fried potato salad, and a cinnamon roll. The french toast was unfortunately a little burnt. The fried potato salad was pretty good though: three deep fried potato balls, crisp on the outside. I actually didn't get my cinnamon roll, but they were extremely nice and apologetic when I asked for it to go.Amazing staff and attention to customer service.  The food is equal in measure.  Highly recommend.Stumbled on this place looking for the sax player we could hear from down the street. The special was eggs grits and oysters it was unbelievable. You have to try the homemade blueberry jam!!This is as good as it gets for a corner eatery. We love eating here and enjoying the fresh lemonade, the fresh salads, the sandwiches, and the deserts.Sunday Brunch had a line, but the staff handled the seating well. You can sit outdoors or indoors. Don't be in a hurry. Take your time and enjoy the food, the atmosphere, and the experience. I rate on food first, service second, atmosphere third, and price value fourth. This is a 5 star joint and you don't need to mortgage the house to dine here.Had Boudin, grits and eggs. My Cajun friend introduced me to Boudin although I do not want to ask what it is.....it is yum and the homemade jelly with the amazing biscuit.I don't think I've been this excited by a sandwich since the one I had at Stein's back in December. Don't get me wrong. I've had some damn good sandwiches in the past several months (how I love sandwiches...) but Cake Café's tofu sandwich (on today's special board) is simply fantastico!
Do they make all the bread here? Sure tastes like it. I ordered mine on ciabatta as opposed to wheat or rye. So fresh and chewy. The tofu is deep fried, Asian style (crunchy on the outside) and although I think I'd prefer it marinated and baked, I also appreciate the crunchy texture mixing in with the rest of what's piled on there. The pesto schmear is a flavor blast, as are the marinated tomatoes. I added on avocado (recommend!) and they give you a half of one. Nice. They top it off with fresh cucumber slices. It's been hours and I'm still full.
Add in shady sidewalk café seating on a warm, breezy Saturday afternoon and you've got serious idyllica (I made that up) going on.
Except for the no booze part. Not that I'm complaining, but if I were in that brunchy kind of mood, I'd be wishing for Bloody Marys. 
Props to the cook/runner who hails from Jersey!This little Hole in the wall is an excellent brunch place! You get a cupcake for $1 with each meal you buy. The cupcakes are homemade and the icing is overwhelmingly amazing!!! This is a must have because of the cupcakes!Great food and I love how it's located in Marigny neighborhood far from the tourist crowd! Ordered Corned Beef Hash with Yukon Potatoes, and Fresh Watermelon Juice. You order and pay at the cashier, and they will serve the food to your table. They have outdoor seating as well. Very friendly staff. If only I had more space in my tummy I would've tried their cakes as well!Highly recommend this place for flavor and quality of food! Go... get any meal. And the  $1 cupcake with it. The lemon cupcake was delicious! Located in the cute neighborhood of Marigny.We try to go here for breakfast when we are in NOLA.  Awesome!  Their bakery goods are wonderful as well.  King cakes are great too.This place was great. I had a local crab and spinach omelette which was delicious and half the price of the hoity-toity place near the convention center.  The coffee is serve yourself, they had a nice selection of baked goods, donuts, tart sort of things and they catered to vegetarians at least.  They have indoor and outside seating, the service was friendly, and the whole experience was down to earth. Everyone enjoyed their meal.Stayed in the Marigny for Jazzfest and tried a different breakfast place almost every day we were there (8 days).  Day one, just a couple hours after getting in from the airport, we went to Cake Cafe. Every day thereafter I ended breakfast saying, that was pretty good but we should have gone back to Cake Cafe.  Their biscuits are amazing.  Their 'healthy grits' are just incredible -the grits themselves, something I am very picky about, were perfect and the roasted veggies were delicious.  My husband loved the corned beef hash.  When we finally went back for a second trip I was feeling a bit worn out on huge, rich breakfasts so I stuck with the oatmeal.  It was delicious.  Seriously, good oatmeal!  The coffee is fantastic (something I found to be very hit or miss in New Orleans breakfast joints).  Strong strong recommend.Saw the good reviews and decided to take a walk from the French Quarter for some breakfast. I ordered the Spanish style omelet with a side of bacon. Very good!  The place isn't very big, but it was not a problem as it wasn't that crowded. Definately enjoyed it and it was worth the stroll away from the Quarter.Pretty good spot. Ultra-casual and locally hip.  Service was excellent.  Those folks bust it on a busy weekend brunch.  But, overall, the food was under-impressive.  Perfectly fine, but nothing remarkable.While I love just about everything from Cake Cafe, this review is about their cakes. The photo is of the cake I got for our daughter's birthday. It was really good and so pretty. We totally love this spot for breakfast, but they're just as good for lunch. I highly suggest the roasted veggies in the omelette or sandwich - it comes with creamy goat cheese! Also, my husband loves the boudin and eggs, while the kiddos are happy with tasty scrambled eggs and toast. A family friendly atmosphere and moderate prices.this is my go to place in the mornings 
and they are now serving french truck coffee come get some yall
food is allllllllways good
and the staff rocksFound this place very Yelp during a visit to New Orleans.  It was a few minutes walk from our hotel.  
Loved the "locals" feel of it.  The Cafe Au Lait had a fun heart drawn in the foam.
The shrimp and grits was delish.  The meat omelette was just TOO much food.The menu always sounds so delicious but it's never executed well. Everything just always needs to have one more element like a little more salt or something spicy or a different textural component. Overall it's just OK...nothing to be wowed by which is unfortunate because it is such a cute place with a great atmosphere & fantastic service.Nice and super friendly! The pastries are excellent and the food is good. Don't miss this place!Kitchen closes at 245. I got there at 215. Ordered. Received my cold food. Did not enjoy said cold food. 
Crab sandwich - wish I remembered to add avocado to it. Anyway. Brie, spinach, and bacon along with the crab. The crab has no flavor and there is hardly any bacon. Pretty sure it was one piece of bacon broken in half. I got it on challah and that was this sandwich's saving grace. Nice and buttery and toasty and just good. I really ended up just eating it as toast with my over easy eggs. 
Salmon and eggs - not sure why I thought this was going to be something special. Lol. It's literally salmon and eggs. Eggs over easy with a side of salmon. Not much else to say about it. Wish the salmon wasn't fully cooked, made it pretty dry. 
Shrimp and grits - I think I've been spoiled by the vast amounts of places that serve ridiculously amazing shrimp and grits in New Orleans because this was lacking. Their shrimp was abundant, but they were small and rubbery. The grits, I don't want to say congealed because that's not the right word but when grits get cold and they're just like gross... yeah. My boyfriend, who usually licks the plate clean, left more than half the dish uneaten. 
French toast - made with challah and served with orange pecan maple syrup. We ate it with the house made jam and it was so good. 
Biscuits (served with the shrimp and grits and salmon and eggs) - I remember these being soooo good. But today, they were dense, dry, not flaky, and not buttery. The jam helped. 
Cucumber lemonade, raspberry tea, freshly squeezed orange juice - all tasted fresh and good. The cucumber lemonade was a little bitter, but I added a little sugar and that helped. Each drink ranged from $3.75-4. 
Got 3 cupcakes for $1 each. Strawberry, lemon, and chocolate. For a dollar, no complaints from this girl. 
Can't remember how much each dish cost, but my total was $63.Nice place with amazing coffee and good food. Was our morning fuel when we were spending our weekend in Nola. Whether you eat there or take to go, u will love the ambience of the place for the entire time ur there.
I had the Cafe Au Lait and Tofu Sandwich. I didn't have any expectations (hunover and just wanted something to grab a bite and somehow that and Tofu scramble caught my eye). The sandwich was amazing, good taste (despite tofu) and right amount of crunch and moisture with veggies.I'm obsessed with this place. and that's putting it mildly. I have a thing for breakfast sandwiches, and theirs (and not just one kind!) are pretty amazing. I love coming here for breakfast, but lunch is great here too.. and regardless of the time I come, I always find myself adding a cupcake for an extra $1 (wild girl). 
I love the vibe of this place, unlimited coffee, and the food is great. Plus, sitting outside, Coops (my dog) can chill out and people watch with me.  It does get crowded, but tables turn around fast. 
This is one of my steady favorite breakfast places.. and actually writing this now is making me want to go back asap. I haven't tried all their pastries yet (there are a BUNCH).. but they look ridiculously delicious.. never been disappointed!Damn!  I picked this place because of the fabulous reviews on Yelp, but I guess it depends on what you order. 
 It was absolutely the worst food I ate in New Orleans, and the staff was not particularly welcoming.
The food - okay, in all fairness, there were several folks around us munching on large breakfast sandwiches that looked good, and they seemed well satisfied.
But everything I ordered was gross.  I got some kind of breakfast quichey type pastry that was 99% stale, dry, unflavorful bread, with a thin1% film of ingredients over the top (theorectically red peppers and goat cheese) that could be seen, but barely tasted.
I also ordered the fruit bowl which was flat out disgusting.  For $3.50, I got two sour orange slices, a handful of rock hard sour strawberries, some thinly sliced apple (which was good,), and a half of a ROTTEN banana!  That's right, they served me a rotten banana, and were proud of it!  It was mushy and gray (rather than firm and light yellow), and also neatly sliced and decoratively fanned out to take up half the fruit bowl. Soft, mushy, and rotten, attractively arranged.  Just disgusting!!!  Wouldn't you be better off telling customers, "I'm so sorry, but the fruit isn't very good right now."  WHO SERVES THEIR CUSTOMERS DECORATIVE ROTTING FOOD???
My husband got the standard breakfast, 2 eggs, bacon and biscuit.  The eggs were good, and he really liked the biscuit, but the butter had gone bad.  The bacon was 80% fat, almost inedible. 
Would never go back, would never recommend to others.This is a must stop.  I had the corn beef hash.  Nice big chunks of meat and not too salty.  Ask for the homemade jam for the biscuit.What a gem, this is where all the locals go.  
We enjoyed an order of shrimp and grits with a blue berry crescent and raspberry limeaid.  I had total food envy of just about everything else that walked out of the kitchen.  Service was quick and friendly, the coffee which we had after lunch was good and fresh, and the grits were suuuuuper tasty.Such good food and love the artwork in here! 
We had the shrimp and grits and the corn beef hash!We had breakfast here twice in our short trip to New Orleans! On the first day I had a flavorful and delicious portabello omelette and on the second day I had a perfect breakfast sandwich. Everything is well-seasoned, and the price performance is exceptional. Their biscuits are soft and flaky, and the coffee is excellent. The service is great, and all their baked goods looked awesome even though I didn't try any.After reading the reviews about this place, I was ready to love every bite of the pastries we ordered. It was very ordinary and nowhere near extraordinary, which is why we didn't pay a repeat visit during our four day stay in NOLA. The staff was very kind, which made the experience enjoyable. I wish the food was better.Sure, the cupcakes are crazy good, and the king cake is just perfect, but don't miss the cafe action at this cozy little spot!  We ate here a couple of times while visiting NOLA over Christmas and were so glad we stumbled on this gem.  It's a great escape from the typical tourist dominated food scene in the FQ despite being just blocks away from the spot on Frenchmen where we stayed.  The service was friendly, the food quality was outstanding, and the cupcakes were, well, the icing on the cake!  The breakfast sandwiches earned high marks, as did the omelettes, the boudin was perfectly crisp on the outside, and the biscuits are fluffy and moist.  But the star here is the shrimp and grits - simple, yummy comfort food in a place where you feel comfortable.  Can't wait to come back!
PS - If you are looking for some free WiFi so you can camp out at a table and write your screenplay, this is not the spot for you.  This is a popular but cozy eatery, so they don't have WiFi, and ask that you politely vacate your table if you are finished and others are waiting.  So grab yourself a cupcake, and take your Mac on down to the Orange Couch Cafe a few blocks away where they cater to those looking to linger.Some locals told us about this place close to Frenchmen St. It happened to be right across from our B&B...was it worth missing the breakfast at our B&B..YES! The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had! Ooooooooo weee....for $1 you can get a fresh homemade muffin or biscuit. Can you say delicious?!? Please find your way over to the Cake Cafe!My friends brought over a cake from this place and it was amazing!  Highly recommended!!Cake Cafe cupcakes are in their own category. This place will make any cupcake hater convert. Moist, delicious, with a generous heap of frosting. The flavors are unpretentious but enticing to the imagination and fully satisfying to the palette. The strawberry buttercream on any cake is fantastic. The praline cupcake is my favorite. Chocolate w peanut butter frosting. Oh my. Strawberry lemon... Perfect combination of tart/sweet. Lime. Coconut. I love them all and washing my cupcake down with their strawberry lemonade is a must! This is a before work spot for me so i rarely have time to sit down, but everything I have ordered has been wonderful. Fried potato salad is bomb. And the breakfast biscuit is my go-to morning sandwich, when I feel like spending $7 on a breakfast biscuit, that is. The $1 cupcake with my meal makes up for it, though. Five stars!There's much more to New Orleans food than the French Quarter, and New Orleans Cake Café proves it! The breakfast and lunch menus are inventive twists. Plus everything is made from scratch and so delicious. 
Especially on weekends the order line is out the door with taxis dropping people off. Somehow word is out. There is table seating indoors and a few outside if you can stand the heat and humidity. 
The croissant breakfast sandwich is really popular, but check their specials board. This time I had their special house-made corned beef hash, fried eggs with Yukon potatoes and rye. So phenomenally good!
Even with a full house, service is totally down home N'Awlins and neighborhood friendly. Coffee and condiments are self serve. The Cake Café is a block from my friend's home where I stay in the Marigny. Good thing it's not near my home or I'd be going every morning.I tried this place for lunch with my boyfriend. This is probably the best local brunch cafe we have ever been to in New Orleans! We had special dishes (crab, shrimp, and avocado salad & grilled chicken sandwich) and biscuits and gravy on the daily menu. Everything was so tasty, fresh, and pretty!!! We felt like all the dishes were carefully made with super fresh ingredients which made them more authentic!!! Thank you for a great meal!!!Wow.  We found a photo of this woman pouring icing over these fabulous looking cinnamon rolls in the Delta magazine on the flight over to NO, and so we walked from Bourbon Street and found the place!  AND somehow got the last cinnamon roll, straight from the woman in the picture!  AND it was absolutely delicious.  We also had eggs and biscuits and coffee and it was all scrumptious.  The staff here is wonderful and extremely helpful and kind.  It is definitely a place where the locals go and no wonder!  There's also a cool cat named Maitre D who hangs out outside the restaurant. I loved that we took the time to walk and find this place - it didn't let us down and is one of my favorite memories from the weekend.Yum!!! We are here two of our three breakfasts!! Rented mopeds to get back over there the second time. Great food, some of our favorites were: the pulled pork special served with grits and eggs, the "healthy" grits with roasted veggies on top and goat cheese and the biscuits and gravy. Also great coffee, pastries and  cupcakes!!Best food I had on my New Orleans vacation. Most delicious French toast I've ever had and loved my $1 lemon cupcake that I saved for later. Only thing not good was the sausage which was dry and inedible but everything else was great. They were very organized in moving thru the line, getting you a table, and serving food fast on a busy Saturday morning. Will definitely go again.our  favorite breakfast spot. We are regulars and go almost every weekend. Super sweet staff and a wonderful atmosphere. I love the roasted veggie and goat cheese omelet and the breakfast panini with egg roasted tomato, cheese and bacon on fresh baked bread. The pastries are very good too and the biscuits (at a dollar a pop) are HUGE and served with home made jam (if you ask for it). The coffee is good and self serve. Is it saturday yet??? Cause I wanna go back!This spot is the truth! We had a group of 6 for breakfast and they accommodated us with no problem. Service is great! Prices are right! Food is excellent (and we tried a mixture of Shrimp & Grits, Catfish & Eggs, Corn beef Hash, bagels, etc.)! We also took advantage of the $1 cupcakes. So good!Cake Cafe is the best! From the pasteries, to the breakfast and lunch options to the service. A+ everything! I pop in all the time and always enjoy both my exchange with the owners and employees as well as my tasty anything I get. Sometimes the line is obnoxious but they are really amazing at busting through and getting everyone sereved and happy! Also they have the bst biscuits in town.Cafe Cake & Bakery is a cute little corner cafe in a quiet neighborhood not far from Bourbon St. I ordered the catfish and eggs, which was good, but honestly, the cupcake (which comes with any meal for $1) stole the show. The grits that came with my meal were just kind of average but the catfish was very delicious! 
My friend ordered the chicken breakfast tacos and raved about them, so those are certainly worth a try. 
There's a ton of excellent food in New Orleans so it's definitely fierce competition, I would put Cafe Cake in the middle of the pack.De-lish should be the name of this place. 
For me, I LOOOOOOOOOOOVE the Marigny, so maybe I'm biased, but my palate is NOT hun!!!! 
This place has a NOLA meets Cali feel. The outdoor patio of Cali, but the laissez faire feel thats so 'naturally n'awlins'. But how-be-ever, inside or outside, whichever's your dining pleasure, charm & good food makes this place a winner in my book. 
Ordered, to go, a crab sandwich (crab meat, bacon, spinach & some fixings), an iced coffee & I'm a happy little lady (not to mention I'm watching the Saints vs da Bears = me tickled pink).  My sandwich also came with these fried (in peanut oil or canola idk) lightly salted chips... Oooooh la la... WINNING!!!
And to boot, they serve pastries... Hellllo Granny will love it here too. 
Street parking. Friendly, I'll go out of my way to help you staff. A little compact, but its great place, so deal with it. Go green/environment friendly.I am a boudin snob and search high and low for boudin in this city as good as boudin in cajun country outside Lafayette and am mostly dissapointed both by taste ad over pricedness. Well I did not feel that way about cake cafe boudin king cake. Whoever boudin they use is magnificent ad I literally picked apart my king cake. The boudin by itself had good flavor. It had alot of meat in it and a good about of seasoning not so spicy. I loved the bacon chunks on top and that syrup? Painted on the cake was the perfect touch! I wish they sold it year roud.We decided to go out for breakfast, since everybody told us how great the brunch scene is in the city is. Through Yelp we ended up here and THANK YOU GODS OF YELP AND THE INTERNET! 
We had the BEST breakfast of our lives!!! We ordered The French Toast with a side of seasonal fruit and iced coffee...... No words. We are in heaven! And the southern hospitality is on point!Awesome. My boyfriend and I were from out of town and we were having an interesting time trying to find restaurants with substantial vegetarian options. The biscuits with mushroom gravy was amaaazing. My plate was like a pool of gravy and I ate every last drop! My boyfriend got the French toast which was equally delicious. The syrup was really different than most places with just maple syrup. We also got an awesome fruit bowl that came with a nice variety of different fruits. I will definitely go back the next time we're in town!Shockingly delicious tofu scramble. (Not actually a scramble, but cubed firm tofu.) Outdoor seating. Very low-key, casual place. Coffee is just okay. Good food!Yes yes yes! 
Lovely little spot tucked in a sweet little hood! 
The staff were lovely and service was fast and awesome. 
THIS IS THE BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY IVE EVER HAD! And I loooooooove biscuits and gravy. 
So tasty!!!!The Crab Omelette was not great, too fishy for my taste buds. I chose not to eat it and left.I rode my bike down to the bywater on Sunday morning with a couple of friends and my husband.  We had been there before about a year ago.  It was a toss up between the Cake Cafe and Elizabeth's.  We opted for the Cake Cafe.  All three of my dining companions will tell you BIG MISTAKE.
I can't say much because I had two eggs over easy with toast (1 piece of bread - when I order toast, I want two pieces) and bacon (did I mention 5 pieces?).
My food was good but...  my husband had an omelet with shrimp.  The shrimp were the tiny things imported from Russia(?).  My husband is an eater, he pushed his plate away halfway through.
The other two folks we were with also chose some seafood items.   All I heard on the ride home was how awful the food was...
For me, I'll say give me two pieces of bread and two pieces of bacon...  other than that, it was ok.  Would I go back?  Yes for a pastry but not for breakfast.  I'll pedal the extra hundred feet or so and go to Elizabeth's.Always a bit of a wait.  But usually the line goes quickly.  And the food is great.  Freshly made pastries.  Great combos of eggs and breakfast.  Sausage was spicy.Absolutely love the place and love the staff that works here. The food is great, the baked goods are great, and the service is great.
A few suggestions:
1) They take your order when you first walk-in, near the registers
2) I try to go during (semi) off hours so I don't have to fight the crowd
3) I like to sit outside, but be weary of all the pigeons!! 
4) get the lumpcrab cakeThe Cake Café was phenomenal. We went here for 2 of our breakfasts the weekend we visited. The setup is easy to maneuver. You wait in a short line, order at the counter, and they have a table ready for you after you order. The food was great. You can add an exceptional cupcake to your order for $1. We really enjoyed the cucumber lemonade. There is indoor and outdoor seating. Unlimited coffee refills were not missed. The staff was friendly and efficient. Will return on my next visit to the city.So good that we came here twice on our trip. Pulled pork to die for. Outstanding cupcakes.Delicious fresh breakfast! The place isn't very large so it can get crowded fast. I can't imagine what the weekend crowd is like because it was pretty busy on a weekday but if there is a wait it's definitely worth it. Also definitely get the $1 cupcake with your meal...so good and moist!First of all: major shout out to the cashier/front-of-house employee. I can't remember his name but he seems to be the only one ever working the register. He is a shining beacon of hope in a town of questionable service. From remembering our names no matter how infrequent our visits to giving sterling menu suggestions, he really is fantastic. He marries attention to detail and a genuine attitude to a relaxed demeanor that is never overbearing.
Ok, on to the food. I normally have the daily special which has never steered me wrong. The only thing I ordered off the actual menu that wasn't my cup of tea was the crab sandwich--a little too fishy for my taste. Delicious iced coffee and dude, their pastries are off the chain. I know that is their specialty but they definitely live up to their reputation.
Lastly, the prices are super fair. I never leave feeling like I broke the bank. I also love that, despite the location, there is nothing pretentious or especially "hipster" about Cake Cafe. 
5 stars, bravo, encore, etc.mmmmmm Perfectly fried cornmeal crusted catfish and delicious grits with who knows how many fluffy scrambled eggs. Enormous biscuit with homemade jam. Freshly squeezed juice was very good. Very friendly. Highly recommended!We stopped in this morning for a quick bite to eat.  Ordered a few biscuits with a side of boudin and ham.  The biscuits were sooo light and fluffy!  Quite possibly the best biscuit I've ever eaten, and being from the south I've eaten A LOT of biscuits!  The ham was just normal ham, not country ham (like I was hoping).  The husband said the bourdin was really tasty.  Oh yea- you can get a cupcake for $1 with your meal.  Its vacation, so we said- sure!  It was tasty, but nothing special.Eats: strawberry deliciousness pastry, ham and cheese stuffed croissant
Drinks: cucumber lemonade, iced cold brew
We went to grab a quick breakfast before going on the Swamp tour. We were greeted with the sweetest and friendliest staff. Both of the pastry were fresh and delicious. (All their pastries are baked on site). The iced cold brew was one of the best I've ever had and the cucumber lemonade was super refreshing and light (perfect for the dehydrating weather). 
They have an endless selection of baked goods, as well as an extensive plated breakfast menu. Great cozy spot with good service, yummy food, a clean environment and no crowds!Friendly and welcoming staff.  Love their locks & bagel and their red velvet cupcakes are the best in the city.  Always fresh.  Wasn't too impressed by the crab omelette, but I'll give it (the dish) another try.  Love this place, and the surroundings.Nice little breakfast spot in Marigny! I stayed at an AirBnB right around the corner and was thrilled to find this place on a morning when I absolutely NEEDED coffee and a breakfast sandwich. They have a full cake bakery but also a full breakfast menu. Really enjoyed it!Cake Cafe never falls short of excellent.
Great coffee, friendly staff, and bakery goods to die for. Their king cake is the best in town, especially apple goat cheese. Chocolate glazed donuts and wedding cake cupcakes are heaven. 
I love their biscuits and sausage gravy for breakfast. The mile-high biscuits are fluffy and delicious. Go here now!Amazing pastries. We enjoyed the artwork and the low-key atmosphere. We all had breakfast and enjoyed our food!So far this season we are 9 king cakes in and the apple goat cheese has been the hands down winner so far!Great service. I have has the most delicious donut in the city of New Orleans from this bakery. This is my weekly brunch spot, and it is wonderfully delicious!$1 for a cupcake added to your meal?
YES PLEASE!! 
My mouth is seriously salivating before I write this review. All the great memories are just rushing back! A local had recommended this place and it was near our friend's house so we walked over here. As soon as we walked in it felt like home. It's an unassuming tiny little place, the kitchen and the counter take up most of the space. You walk up to the counter and just order..my breakfast alone was $20 BUT it was the most amazing breakfast ever. I had the shrimp and grits with eggs over easy on top, added a boudin sausage, added a biscuit, added a cupcake and ordered a cold brew coffee and of course got the jam! Everything was divine. I really just wanted to drink the jam. I was so full but kept eating and eating and eating and was pretty much in a food coma for the rest of the day. I come from Beaumont, where I believe the best boudin is produced..this homemade boudin came pretty close to 2nd though! My breakfast partner even ordered herself a side of boudin sausage after she tried mine. 
With all the delicious cupcake options I decided to go with one of the lady-who-works-there's favorite-- German chocolate..OMG I died when I ate it. Super rich, but super moist. I am a cupcake connoisseur and that was a mighty fine cupcake. Definitely worth the extra $1!
I want to come back and try the oyster/shrimp grits thing they got going and some of their other dishes. It all looked so fab. Service is more DIY, but food came out super fast. A+ for that.Came here on a Friday morning because it was close by and I was pleasantly surprised.  My friends decided to stay back and I'm glad they did because I had no desire to stop and talk while consuming the delicious plate of shrimp and grits that I ordered.  I was worried that I might end up with a couple of stringy shrimps on a heaping mound of grits but I couldn't have been more wrong.  The shrimp were thick and meaty and seasoned perfectly along with some sautéed onions and tomatoes.  I'm new to the grits game but those were fantastic as well.  Just be careful when you leave your table (you have to order at the counter) because it's packed and when I made my way back to my table I found two old men had made themselves comfy.  I almost had nowhere to sit but luckily a group was just leaving.  Staff was friendly and food on point!They have excellent bagels. I have been on the hunt for a decent one since leaving New York. Cake Cafe's are the love child between a bialy and a bagel with giant chunks of onion and garlic. The lox spread had large chunks of fish and the iced coffee was cold and strong. Double bonus points for being walking distance from my house, but that doesn't affect the rating.Awesome little place with great food and great service. Breakfast was delicious with fresh ingredients!Holy cow - this is a really good breakfast spot!  It's busy, so if you want a waiter/ess who will pamper you and take care of your every need, go to f-ing Disneyland and get lost in Your Own Small World.  These folks do the best they can with a space that is crowded with people like us who will take great food over great service...and their service STILL rocks.  
When you arrive, step inside if there's room, or wait outside if there isn't; they'll take care of you either way in a few moments with a menu and taking note of your party on a seating list.  Before you can recall all ten amendments to the Constitution, you'll be at the front of the line, ordering your food & drinks, paying up, and finding your way to a table inside or out.  Sit yourself down.  You won't be waiting long.
Soon, someone will come out hollering your name with your drinks.  Soon again, they'll be hollering your name with plates full of good food.  I dug into the fried catfish & eggs over a bed of grits like a hungry man.  OK, so I WAS a hungry man, but the flavor kept me eating all the way through.  Perhaps a bit more shaved scallion or a spoon of caramelized on top would help, but that's being picky.  My wife had the boudin and let me try a bite.  That was a mistake, as I nearly ate it all - so rich & smokey & tender!  Meanwhile, my daughter loves her scrambled eggs just so - which means browned and dry as a bone.  This is the first restaurant that got 'em right on the first try, and she was stoked.  Washed it all down with a great spicy chai & the terrifically refreshing cucumber lemonade.  At $13 each, it was a deal.
I'm only in nola for a week, but I expect that I can get three great varied breakfasts here.  Go check it out.Love this place. ESP the shrimp and grits! The goodies are delicious too.OMG, visiting from Tampa, stayed with a friend down the street from this "GEM" we absolutely loved everything about this restaurant. From the ambiance, the food, cappuccino, cupcakes to the cat who sat with us! You must try this place..... I would go out of my way to go again.It seems a pleasant neighborhood spot. Maybe best for coffee and pastries. Our hot breakfast choices were so-so at best. Spanish omlette and crawfish over grits. Not really impressed by either. Kind of bland, especially the omlette. For the long lines and limited seating, I was expecting something more notable. Their Cafe au Lait was not one of the better tasting ones we had either. But they have a bunch of baked goods that looked tasty, so maybe that is their main thing.Wonderful shrimp and grits, juicy fried oysters,  tasty sausage gravy, and huge biscuits.  I try to eat here at least twice during Jazz Fest each year.  Not to be missed.Your local diner that is just around the corner. You can't get a more local, authentic NOLA breakfast than you can here. We ordered the eggs & boudin, fried potato salad, shrimp & grits, and two individual king cakes. They've won several awards for their King Cake and have a variety of flavors. You cannot leave here without eating a King Cake!I love this place! We try to eat breakfast here at least once every time we come in town. The boudin is amazing! So are the cupcakes - I'm not usually a cupcake fan, but these are fantastic and probably the best hangover cure in NOLA. The service is friendly and fast, and even though it gets busy, they always find you a table in no time and with a smile. Great coffee too, which isn't as common as you'd hope this close to the quarter.grabbed brunch here with friends this a.m.  tables inside were full so we sat outside.  protocol is to order from the standard menu (which you can check out at their website) or the specials board next to the register.  go back to your seat and wait for your food to be delivered to you. there are no waitresses so tip at the register. 
minus 1 star for the chick who took my order and rolled her eyes (confirmed by one of my dining companions) when i told her no bread (i have a wheat allergy). yes, i'm aware that i'm at the CAKE cafe which sells lots of BREAD; however, i'm sure you and the patrons of this establishment don't want to see me die at my table.  i think this would be bad juju for business - not to mention the fact that it would ruin my day.
other than this, i thought my food was top notch and obviously made from quality ingredients. also relatively inexpensive for the amount of food you get. I plan to return to try other menu items.
note: i wouldn't get here any later than 10 since this place is popular with both tourists and locals.  so, if you can't (a) sober up  or (b) make bail prior to this hour, wait until 11:30 or noon since the place thins out around this time. kitchen closes at 2.45.I like to think of this place as more bakery than restaurant. Come here to satisfy all your bfast/brunch needs! We popped in for some coffee and pastries before we headed out for the day, and there was a line out the door! Luckily, that was only for people sitting down and ordering.
We shared a king cake (first one, delicious!) and ham/cheese danish. Both delicious. I love that you can see them baking everything in the back. Seems like a very authentic, down-home type of cafe.This my go to place when i feel like having breakfast! Awesome food. Friendly people. My favorite pastry is the pesto brie apple tart. Soooo good.