My girlfriend and I came to try this place (we were on a short Vacation) because they had a Groupon deal, $30 for $60 worth of food. We were seated immediately in the courtyard (which has a very nice ambiance). My girlfriend had Red Beans and Rice and added some grilled chicken and I had the Blackened Red Fish which came with really good green beans and a roasted potato mix. The food was delicious, better than any other Creole place I've tried, it seems worth the full menu price. We also shared a Voodoo Juice which tasted pretty good and felt kind of strong. The only thing we had wished is if there was a side salad option. Unfortunately the meal was too large for my girlfriend and our hotel didn't have a fridge and microwave so a lot went to waste.
For dessert, the server (Cliffton I believe) had given us a complimentary bread pudding and we ordered a key lime pie, both to go. We ate them later at the hotel room and they were both very good, the key lime pie was more like a layered cream cake, it was very tasty. Overall, the service was excellent and the food was amazing, I can't recommend it enough for a nice evening meal in the French Quarter.Do not go here!! Food mediocre at best.
Service terrible.  The waitress ignored us, bottle of wine delivered after our dinner.
Did not eat my meal  was not hot and not good. Talked to manager, to take off meal.  Waitress came back and literally throwed the check at me.  Find another place to go!!!!Over priced for mediocre food. Wedge salads were over dressed without any visible bacon. My redfish ponchatrain was salty with frozen green beans and salty breakfast potatoes. My gf returned her strip steak due to a terrible vinegary Demi glacé. Honestly, worst food we had and the most expensive. 
In addition, the man at the door was over bearing and the manager was underwhelming. Poor experience over all.Great great great char broiled oysters and superior service from Eric. Pretty court yard dining with a lovely breeze. It doesn't get any better in the Big Easy!  Loved it! Excellent!The jambalaya, red beans and rice, and red snapper is so great. You can't go wrong when ordering thisWow Lunch was simply AMAZING.I had purchased a Groupon  before my short visit to New Orleans because after reading the reviews I was determined to find out why almost everyone only had great things to say about Creole Cookery....SOOO Happy I did eat Lunch at this location.We ordered the Crab Cake and it was succulent,we ordered The Calamari and it was Yummy ,we also ordered the Jambalaya and it was simply delicious.What a great Lunch we had before our Super City Tour.I highly recommend Creole Cookery to anyone who is into spicy,tasty Creole Cuisine.We had a Groupon so we came while on vacation from Los Angeles. So glad we did. Best meal we had in nola, Just what I wanted to experience here. The restaurant is very nice we sat outside by the water fountain. Our server was very nice and charming and even tho we came late before they closed we felt no rush. So the FOOD: portions were big I got the crab and shrimp boil it comes with a fat sausage,potatoes and corn (beware it can be a bit spicy for some) the crab was very meaty and perfect. Mom got the "taste of new orleans" which came with 4 separate small bowls of different dishes, full of flavor and spice I highly recommend. And the hush puppies were really good very authentic. We left feeling a high you get when a meal just really satisfies you.We have walked by this place several times over the last few months.  Somewhat new, it never was our destination, yet every time we we passed we were in agreement to try it out. 
First impression was great, clean, cool, great atmosphere with a haunted past (ask your server).  
Service was prompt and professional. You could tell they are proud to work here. We ordered the Cajun Fried Pickles and a couple of beers. The pickles were better than any I have had. They tasted like they were house made pickles (vice from a jar) the batter in a Cajun seasoning then fried just right.  Very good!
I took a quick walk around the place; live jazz, beautiful courtyard, quiet dinner area and a lounge can accommodate most occasions. 
Since this was a starter for our dinner (reserved elsewhere) we didn't order an entree. We are going to come back and give this place a try! If the dinners are as good as the apps, this place may have earned a 5 star from me.
And they didn't charge us for water.First off I wanted to start by saying how friendly and inviting the staff were to us on our visit. The service was excellent and the food was good. Plates are big enough that they could be shared if you're looking for a smaller lunch. 
DanielReally fantastic food, solid drinks, and mellow atmosphere made this an easy place to love! I enjoyed my redfish with pecan breading: sooo tasty, well-seasoned, and HUGE! The sides were not throwaways, either. The roasted potatoes and green beans were delicious! I had a "Big Easy" drink, which is rather like a "Blue Hawaiian" at most Tiki bars, and it was generously prepared. Hubby said the fried catfish was the best since he visited a place in Leimart Park (Los Angeles) years ago. That's saying a lot, because ever since then he's never found a fried catfish that compared to that memory until he visited this place. We went around 4:30 on a weekday and were seated easily. Note: eating in-between meals in NOLA is a really solid plan, plus the food is so filling you generally manage to save some dough. That way, you can splurge on good meals like this one!Great service ,fantastic atmosphere and the food is delicious. Recommend the Bourbon street comboStopped in here quite by accident after being frustrated with several failed attempts to get seated at several other places. Glad we did had a great time.  I had 3 dark and stormy cocktails total 39.00 @. 13.00 each pretty pricy.   The rest of our crew had beer so the rest of the drink bill was good.  It was a rather comedic place with the banter behind the bar which is where we sat.  Came in at 3:00 or so and the first bartender we saw said happy hour starts at 4 we saw the sign on the way in that said during game time.  A basketball ball game was on so we asked the waitress and she said no not til 4 well the shuckers name was Irvin or Ervin not sure of the spelling-he said gruffly the sign is out- It starts now!  So we happily ordered our several dozen oysters fresh from the shell to the plate to the grill, or raw.  Grilled oysters 1.00 each raw .50 cents each. Ervin appears to be a master shucker he taught us how to shuck and what to watch for of the oyster is no good.  Great time.  The guy on the grill was named Kendel Morgan he was very engaging and kind and was really interesting watching him work very precise with each freshly shucked oyster that was put on the grill.                     Several oddities this place is huge so waiters came up from the back patio to order oysters and some were just verbally giving the orders and some were giving little papers with the orders.  It seemed confusing.  I was sitting at the end of the bar and as Kendel was plating the oysters the waiters in the back were coming to get them. On 2 occasions 2 different wait staff yelled at another wait staff about not taking their oysters.  It seemed highly unprofessional but it was quite entertaining.   We stayed a long time to watch the parade and second shift came on.  It was then a madhouse bartenders only waiting on the right side of the bar.  Major congestion the oyster plating area now tended by someone other than Kendel was having cooked grilled oyster orders sitting one time for at least 10 minutes which surely were cold by then.  Another order sat there and a guy from the street that had been waiting for a beer just started chowing down on oysters waiting to be picked up by the waiters.  Seems to need some better management after 4pm it turned into chaos and we left then.  Will go back!The food was incredible, the hostess (black female) not so much. We walked in and her wiping down the menus with alcohol was more important than greeting us. When she sat us she walked off to the table put the menus down and walked away without saying a word. She was already walking away before we had made it to the table. I watched her do it to other customers throughout the night. We all have bad days, but you've got to learn how to compartmentalize things and not let them flow into other areas of our lives.  If it's not that, then she just needs to clean her attitude up or find something that makes her happier. The Pork and grits were amazing!!!!We had a Groupon so we came while on vacation from Los Angeles. So glad we did. Best meal we had in nola, Just what I wanted to experience here. The restaurant is very nice we sat outside by the water fountain. Our server was very nice and charming and even tho we came late before they closed we felt no rush. So the FOOD: portions were big I got the crab and shrimp boil it comes with a fat sausage,potatoes and corn (beware it can be a bit spicy for some) the crab was very meaty and perfect. Mom got the "taste of new orleans" which came with 4 separate small bowls of different dishes, full of flavor and spice I highly recommend. And the hush puppies were really good very authentic. We left feeling a high you get when a meal just really satisfies you.THE BEST FODD IN ALL OF NEW ORLEANS!!!!! I have searched for what imagine to be the most authentic creole food you can get and this HAS to be it. I will continue to visit this establishment every time I'm in NOLA and it has yet to disappoint. The crab cake appetizer is TO DIE FOR!!!!Beyond question - you MUST get the grilled oysters (Heaven in your mouth ). We were in the bar during happy hour and all the appetizers are half price. The flavors are immense - Enjoy.The food was good, but the service was AWFUL! It took 30 mins to get appetizers and 1 hour to get our food. All the tables that got seated and ordered their food way after us, had their meals and were done eating by the time we got our food. Our water glasses were always empty and we would have to flag our waiter down for water. Our waiter would disappear from our section for 3-5 minuets at time. Also, he took my empty glass away and didn't even offer my another drink. Like what? Don't you want my money? Worst service we had during our time here.Excellent Redfish and crab which came with potatoes and greenbeans.  You can get it fried w pecan or blackened. They have 2 pound lobsters.  Specialty is oysters and std NOLA fare jambalaya gumbo etc.   Gumbo was very good.While most of the experience one has at a restaurant deals with the food, there can always be a subjective judgement on the part of the reviewer because of a mistake or a failed palate coordination between the customer and chef.  There is NO excuse for failed service at a restaurant as this is something that all good restaurants must provide in order to even meet minimum standards. 
On the evening we went we were seated in the patio by the hostess in a corner over looking a fountain and supplied a menu.  We were told our server would help us shortly.  The hostess sat two additional tables near us in the next ten minutes, and we were still not approached by a server even for a drink order.  The other two tables did in fact recieve service and had their drinks when we asked the hostess if we were neglected.  She said she was sorry and would immediately repair the problem.  She did in facr speak to a server who promptly disappeared from the dining area.
After several minutes more, about 25 in total, we got up from the table and began to leave the dinning area.  The hostess showed signs of surprise and asked where we were going.  We explained to find a restaurant with service, to which she had no reply.  At the front door the greeter, cannot be called a maitre d', thanked us for coming at which time we explained our frustrations.  He offered a free drink but we were well beyond being placated by a drink which may never have been served.
Dining should be a leisurely patient enjoyment of food and drink.  This place needs servers whose watches work and who can understand the meaning of service.
Never again for us, and a warning to all who read this.Try the chargrilled oysters-they are EXCELLENT! We sat at the bar and the people are awesome! Fun place and great food.This place was delicious & had a live entertainer - Spring! He was the cherry on top to a great find!Of all the places that I have eaten at this past week, this place is by far the best. It has good prices and the food has that New Orleans yest. I am not a big Creole kind of guy but my family is so we went here. I had the Vegetarian Jambalaya was just awesome. This is usually a dish that most places dont do or if they try they murder it. I want to go back just for the jambalaya.It was Sunday evening and all the well-known palaces of New Orleans cuisine were closed.  I was wandering looking for someplace for a final meal of local specialties and passed this place.  Its window menu seemed to offer what I was looking for and though it was in a touristy area and not much indistinguishable from the usual tourist traps, I went in based on earlier reviews here.
They had a jazzy singer belting out classics who was pretty good but I judge restaurants by the food and ambience, not entertainment--truth be told I prefer quiet dining but it would be unfair to deduct stars for what may actually be an attraction to many.
I was seated in the nearly empty room.  Perhaps 2 or 3 other tables were occupied.  My waitress, a sweet older lady, was very pleasant and attentive.  I ordered the red beans appetizer (unusual as an appetizer, it seems to me, but I love them) and they were OK though not special.  They were in an appropriate (for an appetizer) small portion, served in a cup with rice at the bottom (like the fruit in a single serve cup of yogurt) which I didn't immediately discover.
I followed with barbecued shrimp.  These are delicious but not for the mess-averse.  They traditionally come with heads and shells in a delicious spicy creole sauce, a bit more piquant and tangy than that used for shrimp creole.  One must peel one's own (or pull off the heads, then eat them shell and all--which some do but not this diner).  A paper bib is offered, as with lobster in some places, and so is bread for sopping up the scrumptious sauce.  Anyway, the dish in this establishment was well done.  The sauce had the oily depth probably attributable to the fat contained in the shrimp heads which Paul Prudhomme demands be used for the stock on which shrimp creole is also based.  And it was otherwise well spiced though not "spicy" in the "hot" sense.
Since I was terminating the eating binge that any trip to New Orleans must be but had not yet had any beignets, I skipped dessert here and headed to the nearby Cafe du Monde.  Total tab with ice tea to drink but not counting tip was $40.  The barbecued shrimp are among the priciest entrees on the menu.I've come by twice this week! Highly recommend the baked oysters and blackened redfish. While you're at it, try the Hurricanes, I tried all categories and they were amazing!We were eagerly anticipating dining in this restaurant.. The reviews, blogs, etc.. seem to indicate a wonderful time dining here. Unfortunately, the food was so-so. BBQ shrimp was overlooked - reason why the shell sticks to the meat. Been to a lot of area restaurants already and their "Taste of New Orleans" has no taste at all.
The dining experience ended with a bill more than what the menu, handed to us on our way in, stated. They said "it was an old promotion menu". Clearly that was no customer's problem but theirs. The least they could have done was to honor the "old promotion menu". 
Am not from New Orleans but next time I'm here, this is NOT the restaurant I will visit.Fantastic food - we had grilled oysters, gator bites and fried pickles. 
I was honestly impressed by both! I also need to mention Sydney - she was our server at the bar, and I thoroughly enjoyed her service! Very personable and attentive. 
Good happy hour deals. :)The best place I've been to for a real taste of New Orleans. Make sure you get the taste of New Orleans dish it's amazing and the service was exceptional. Ask for Terrence we will take great care of you !!Maybe it's because I'm from the Midwest or maybe it's because this place's jambalaya just wasn't good but I don't understand what all the fuss is about.
Service, ambiance, and appetizers (fried pickles, hush puppies, and crab cake) were good but the mains were disappointing. I also don't understand why the vegetarian jambalaya was more expensive than the original meat version. When I asked, they said that vegetables are more expensive than meat...
I'm super bummed that we chose this place as our nice creole dinner for our trip.We sat outside here and it was lovely! Great food, we had the taste of New Orleans and I loved the Jumbalaya!! Drinks were also wonderful and we were seated right away. We were hoping for live music but that seemed to be inside only. The atmosphere and service overall were great.Short on time with your New Orleans edible bucket list in hand? This is your jam. The shrimp creole and fried alligator are yummy!Ordered steak for me and broiled fish for my wife. The food was cooked right but we both thought way too much salt on both dishes. Of course that's a personal preference, so another person may like it that way. Vegetables were very good. What sets NOCC apart is ambience and service. Our waiter was absolutely on his game. There was a jazz group playing in the courtyard that was very good as well. 
There were only two of us but I would say that this would be a great place for a large group event. It's spacious and has a lot of tables. The staff are all very friendly and customer oriented. I gave it 3 stars this time because of the salty food but I will probably go back again to try something else. All in all I think New Orleans Creole Cookery is worth a visit.My husband and I had dinner reservations elsewhere but were walking down Toulouse Street looking to grab an appetizer and a drink before dinner. There was a man in front of The Creole Cookery who grabbed our attention and told us to come in and have a look. We didn't want to seem rude so we did and were kind of whisked in and sat down in their dining area to watch the entertainment. 
I had been craving oysters and this being my first visit to New Orleans, knew I had to try some. I ordered them here on the half shell with a vodka tonic. 
These were the biggest and best oysters I have ever had! I wish I had taken a picture but I scoffed them down so fast, I didn't have time! My husband doesn't even like oysters but had to try one when he saw the look of ecstasy on my face and he even he had to admit they were tasty! 
After I demolished the oysters I ordered a Creole Coffee and it was very good. 
The entertainment was amazing and the service was pleasant. 
I wish I had discovered this place before our last night, I would have gone in for more oysters!Loved it!  They made my husbands birthday perfect.  Great food, friendly people, even live entertainment.  They recommended the  boiled seafood bucket and it was a hit!  The biggest lobster tails I ever saw, and the oysters are huge too.  I recommend them for  parties as well as just a date night.First let me start with the door guy. Very welcoming and had me very excited to come in!  Our server was the best. He took pictures of of us, he made us roses from a napkin, and even gave my friend a pin and some dollars for her birthday. He made great recommendations for food and I had the shrimp creole. Very large portions and very good. This is my new favorite New Orleans spot and I can't wait to come again. Don't forget to check Groupon.  I had $60 worth of food for $30.  That's a greatttt deal.Excellent! Had the shrimp n grits and char-grilled oysters. Honest to God - One of the best meals I've ever had.Happy hour was great. Chargrilled oysters $1.00 each, raw 50¢, from 3-6pm. The raw bar is right there, fun watching them shuck the oysters.. The service was very good at the bar. The drinks not as cheap as the food but they were good. I had the house bloody Mary at $13.00. Strong enough to feel it and tasty. Near the river on Toulouse streetThis was our last dinner in NOLA and one of the best. We were seated in the courtyard, which made for a lovely atmosphere, and our server was excellent, very funny and knew how to engage with her customers. I had the redfish almondine with veggies, all extremely good and more than filling; I couldn't quite finish everything, and not for lack of trying. A bit of a splurge, but more than worth it, and we would definitely go back if we get down there again. Next time we'll save room for drinks and dessert.$0.50 raw oysters, $1.00 chargrilled oysters everyday from 5pm-7pm. Great service! Bartender Nathan took care of us at the bar. Reggie took care of us shucking oysters. I wish we stopped here first. We would have been here every day. The chargrilled oysters at Le Bayou were too small. Here, the oysters were fat and creamy! Best bang for the buck. Service was much better here than at Le Bayou. Highly recommend!Delicious food! Great atmosphere and excellent service. Ordered the vegetarian jambalaya. It was so good, even my non-vegetarian companion enjoyed. We even ordered seconds. Our waitress was really attentive as well. There was also live music. It wasn't too loud. Just right. You could still have a conversation without having to yell. The performer could sing, dance, play the piano, and play the clarinet. Felt like a super authentic New Orleans experience. Bathrooms were pretty decent too. I would definitely come back.We went for Happy hour on 6/28/16 because my daughter had a Groupon for $40.00 worth of apps for $20.00. We had just finished a VooDoo tour and thought we would give it a try. 
When we got in the Bartender who was female seemed nice and friendly but did not want to work very hard. She said that since we were sitting in the Bar area but at tables she would get someone from the restaurant to serve us so if her bar got packed she would not be too busy. Turns out she had only 3 customers the entire hour and a half we were there. Oh well if you do not work you don't get tips.
Only half of our group who left the tour early were seated so we ordered 3 app and drinks. We got the Gator sausage, umbo Gumbo and Calamari. It was all very good but our server was an older man and he seemed to have an attitude. After we ordered drinks he came back and said each adult would have to order a drink to get the 1/2 apps during happy hour which we had already done. So with the Groupon and the 1/2 price Happy Hour our apps were 1/4 the price and you can't beat that. Once the rest of our group arrived they ordered drinks and I got a dozen Charbroiled oysters. They were very good but not as good as the originals at Drago's.
The drinks and apps were all well worth the price paid but the wait staff needs to be a little happier about their job. The only exception was the very nice guy shucking and cooking the oysters. He was a great guy and promised us we would like the $1.00 oysters. He did not lie.Awesome! Amazing place, super friendly and very fun. We ate in the bar and watched oyster master Kendell shuck and chargrill our oysters. BEST EVER!!! Food is not to be missed (especially those oysters....)With the live music and old charm this place was a win! Taste of New Orleans and the Shrimp and Grits were amazing! Will definitely go back!Beautiful venue and courtyard. Live jazz! The service with Shane was a great. We had bacon bloody Mary's, shrimp remoulade, raw oysters, red beans and rice and the New Orleans sampler. Every item was presented well and delicious. What a great late afternoon.Wow.. $$, food, entertainment ( this guy Spring was out of this world), outdoor courtyard was perfect. And to top it off (in reference to others in nola) my wife said the lady's room was perfectly clean and beautifully decorated.Had a wonderful experience at
New Orleans Creole Cooking!
Jazz brunch , beautiful courtyard,
Great musicians and exceptional food!The service here was fantastic the food was incredible. Sabrina made our time so great here. Will definitely make this a go to when we are in town. The oysters were fresh, the drinks were really good made just right.  The sitting area in the courtyard is definitely where you want to be they have live music the setting itself is really intimate yet very hip . Did I mentioned Sabrina's service was incredible she made our time there very pleasant she was very attentive to us and we left a pair of sunglasses there and came back the next day and she made sure to leave them up front for us.  Try the tour of new Orleans.I didn't know I liked oysters, but tried the charred ones and after the first six, ordered a dozen with my husband. Our waiter was Theodore and he was delightful. Since we were willing to try his recommendations we ordered the special of the night. Redfish, topped with crabmeat and shrimp over a medley of white and sweet potatoes. 
We shared that and plenty of food that was DELICIOUS. After dinner we asked to be moved to the room with entertainment. "Spring " was a one person entertainer that played the keyboard, sang and played different horns. Very talented. We had coffee and Key Lime pie to finish the evening. Heartily recommend it.Lovely old building. Environment, and music is reminiscent of classy old New Orleans. Food was excellent and very well priced. I had taste of New Orleans and husband had Cajun catfish. Hush puppies were not greasy soggy but crispy and perfect. Wonderful suggestion from our server was the pimms cup ( my new favorite drink). Will def come back!What a great restaurant. We sat in the courtyard and our waiter told us stories if the ghost upstairs. The food was incredible, I had the taste of New Orleans and my wife had the red fish, Both were delicious. One of the best meals we had during our stay and we had some really good food.Stopped here for lunch. The food was very good and the oysters were fresh. We had red beans & rice and shrimp creole. Everything had good flavor and were good size portions.On entering the building we were greeted by a kind gentleman who seated us in the courtyard. However, he did not give us menus but I assumed a server would be with us shortly. We just beat a rush as the courtyard quickly filled up around us. Group after group was brought waters and menus but we were left alone. It didn't seem to be a lack of servers, there were at least four serving the area. After five minutes I asked a bus boy walking by for some menus. I thought this would alert the staff to our presence and our lack of service. I was wrong. We were left with our menus for about ten minutes before I finally asked a server for some help. After that, the service was reasonable, our drinks were brought quickly as was our appetizer and meals. However, a different server did attempt to give us someone else's dinner. 
Service issues aside, the food was reasonable, I had the BBQ shrimp (which comes with a disposable bib, wet wipes and a warm towel) and my friend had the pasta. Both dishes were to our liking. 
Clearly there are some organizational issues with the joint but over all, it was a decent experience.Just order a dozen char grilled oysters per  person.  Anything less is uncivilized.  Also the drinks were well made and they had a oyster sampler plate that had 3 different types of cooked oysters and it was excellent. I've been back in LA for 2 months and I still daydream about eating at the creole cookery!Sorry to say that I would love to give this place four stars for the food, but the night we were there, the service was slow and inattentive.Okay...walked by after a great breakfast at Stanley Restaurant and saw the "Wednesday 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine" sign.  That's all it took...went back for dinner and we were blown away with the customer service, fun, wine, and the fire grilled oysters!  My husband is NOT a fan of oysters, but LOVED theirs. Went back the next night...same bottle of wine (full price & amazing) and more grill fired oysters!  This is on our list of must stops in NOLA!!!This was our first stop upon arriving in New Orleans. Found the restaurant by using Yelp and wanted something close to where we parked. The atmosphere is neat - the courtyard area has a very European feel. Unfortunately the service was extremely poor, we went nearly 20 minutes before seeing the waiter at one point and the restaurant was extremely slow. The food was decent, but nothing great. When the check finally came, we left a nice tip. Afterward I was doing the math and realized the waiter had already given himself a 20% tip (there were 5 of us counting 2 small children). I was very frustrated that the waiter got a double tip, and felt like we had been tricked. I would not come back here and feel like they are trying to take advantage of unsuspecting customers. Take your money elsewhere!!The service and food were impeccable! Angelle was friendly, gave great recommendations and was prompt with the service given. We ordered the Cajun calamari appetizer, crab cakes and redfish ponchatrain. All were delicious and will definitely be ordered again on our next trip. Everything was great from start to finish. Thanks again Angelle!Food was good but the staff was horrific!! The hostesses were dressed in sweatpants and the server argued with us about the happy hour specials posted!!! He also mumbled like he was stoned out of his mind. 
Even if food is good it is not worth going back after being treated the way we were. NOLA is too amazing to spend time here.Whaaaaaaaaa????????? Did I see a vegetarian jambalaya?!? Oh yes I did! It was fantastic! I wish it was spicer though. But I can't complain. Since this was the only restaurant that had vegetarian jambalaya for me. Yummmmm. 
I know being a vegetarian is missing out on the Louisiana dishes here. But no thank you. I was very satisfied with this meal. :D
Get the VOODOO DRINK!!!!!!!!! IT WAS GREAT MINUS THE COCONUT PART. HAHAThe New Orleans  Pasta was delicious.  The pasta had a wonderful aroma. 
We had a very large portion with toast.  The meal was pasta but the taste was so different from any other Cajun pasta we had ever had before.  This New Orleans made us say "hmmmmmmm." and or eyes roll back in our head.  Yes it was that good. !!!!!!  I also bought a slice of Strawberry cheesecake for my husband.  Well let's just say I should have ordered 2 slices.  The cheesecake  was moist , just the right amount of sweetness, and it was yum.  This meal was definitely an A+ in our book. Next visit we will try a different entree.We ate dinner here our last night of 5 nights in NOLA.  Sat in the court yard and enjoyed the great vibe.  It was the priciest meal we'd had but so well worth it.  I splurged and ordered 2 entrees because I couldn't decide between.  Heaven!  Husbands steak and lobster was absolutely wonderful.  (Don't forget to get your leftovers to go, the homeless are very appreciative of the give) We loved that the chef came out to chat and after a great meal and a cocktail (or 2) I gave him a big hug as thanks.  Highly recommend!Spent a week with friends and family in NOLA. Hotel recommended the Creole Cookery our first night (Friday). Food was amazing. The entire week everything we ate was compared to that first night. So, we came back mid-week to try different options (Tuesday night). Food was out of sight again.  We even came back the last night in town. Recommend the Red beans and rice, jambalaya, grillades and rice cakes, and the calamari. Every thing we ate was outstanding. I will be back and will recommend this place to everyone I know who visits New Orleans.Hate to say it, but this place should be better.
Wife and I ate dinner here last night, late March. We had a reservation and were promptly seated in their courtyard, which is truly lovely.
Very extensive menu, which was nice.
We ordered drinks. Mine was great, but my wife had to send hers back, as it had almost no alcohol in it. When returned, it was fine. Oops #1.
I ordered a starter, and my wife a salad. But the waiter, a very pleasant fellow, pushed for the whole order at once, so we gave it to him. He did not write it down, just memorized it.
My appetizer, shrimp remoulade, was not very good by NOLA standards. Minimal sauce-I mean, come on, it's a flavored mayonnaise, so not exactly expensive. I will say the shrimp were PERFECTLY cook and chilled, though for the price, I felt a little cheated in quantity.
They forgot my wife's salad. Oops #2.
When the entrees arrived, they gave me shrimp creole. I had ordered crawfish etouffée. Oops# 3. It was quickly corrected.  My wife ordered Oysters Dia Avolyo (pardon my misspellings). She really enjoyed her food, and while mine was pretty good, I felt it was a little short on the crayfish, especially as it is crayfish season, when they should be the least expensive.
Were we served some little baguettes of French bread, which were excellent.
Lastly, we ordered dessert: Bread pudding for me, and a peanut butter torte for her. The torte was excellent, and while the bread pudding was decent, it had obviously been heated quickly in a microwave, as parts were cool while others were warm. Not an oops, just sloppy.
Lastly, when the waiter brought the check, he forgot the bread pudding. Oops #4.  Normally, I am a stickler for checks being correct, and in fact, in the previous 3 days in NOLA, I had corrected 2 checks, once in my favor, and once in the restaurants, but this time I did not correct it, as I felt 4 mistakes in a simple meal order had earned me a discount.
In summary, a lazy/incompetent waiter turned what should have been a 3 or 4-Star review into a 4-oops litany of errors.
Lastly, a side note: while we were eating, a tour group came in for a drink at the bar. 20-25 tourists, all with tour badges stuck to their shirts. To me, this is not the sign of a great NOLA restaurant. Commanders Palace, where we ate the night before, does not have tour groups tromping through, nor does Brennan's, K-Paul's, etc.Jack and Spring are a dynamic duo!!!! Celebrated my birthday here and they made it one to remember! The jambalaya, char grilled oysters, and the cajan pasta is a must! And the French Quarter cocktail was great!!!We were a group of 5 ladies who actually had a great meal in the courtyard.  I got a sampler of different main dishes - delicious!  The waiter was very attentive and the musician was also great.  
Once I returned home, when I received my credit card statement, I found I was charged $30 more than the final bill amount.  I called the restaurant management and they took care of the issue.  My advice when in New Orleans: save your receipts and check your credit card statements!  I would have given them 4 stars if I hadn't been overcharged, and 2 stars if they hadn't taken care of it.Basically just horrible service . There was a moment where our food was placed right next to us and the server walked the food to a table farther away from us served them and then brought our food back ....they arrived after us and left before us due to service . We were asked multiple times by the server and what seemed to be the manager if certain entrees were ours and they were not meanwhile we still hadn't received our food ...food decent service horrible won't be returning for either ...maybe the oysters but we will be giving the at a shot at their service next time .New Orleans Creole Cookery
Almost walked by this gem of a restaurant but caught the courtyard dinning area's gas lanterns out of the corner of my eye. My fiancée has adored the look of these lanterns which many houses thought the city have and we were told they left them lit nearly year round to welcome people. We took it as a sign and tried the restaurant. 
The staff and decor were fabulous. We shared the crab cakes (4.7/5) and shrimp creole (4.5/5) and enjoyed every last bite. Not a bit of food was uneaten, although the bread was a bit plain in comparison to the rest of the meal. Both main courses were so flavourful but not overpowering. They had such great and balanced flavour. 
The waiters and fellow customers were all in such great moods and it made our last evening in New Orleans an evening to remember. 
To our neighbouring dinner guest, bon appétit et enchanté.The food and atmosphere was amazing!!! I had the chared oysters and fell in love, it was my first oyster experience.
The drinks were delicious and you totally need to get the bread pudding if you get the chance!
We went late evening and we got seated right away and got ti choose where we wanted to sit.The food was classic nola very good but I'm really giving 4 stars because of our waiter Domenic this young man was very knowledgeable about all of the dishes and sold us on his amazing descriptions. He spoke ok the food like it was made in heaven.  He really was a joy. Everything we ordered was good.That Happy Hour here tho! 
You have no excuse to not eat here for Happy Hour when in the French Quarter! 
$4 pints of Coors Light, but FAR more importantly... $1 chargrilled oysters and 1/2 off apps! Forget everything else. Just get you about 32 of these freshly-shucked chargrilled oysters (per person), and you absolutely can't go wrong.A great quiet haven in the heart of the French quarter. Food was delicious, service was amazing, the courtyard and live music were beautiful. This type of place is one of the reasons people visit NOLA. Get the Osco bucco and eat the marrow!Got in to New Orleans around 8 on Monday evening and by the time we got out to eat dinner it was about 9:30. This was right around the corner from our hotel so we just stumbled upon it. They wanted us to come in then I felt they rushed us because they were closing at 10. The food was ok...I got the red fish almondine. I wasn't impressed with the fish itself it lacked flavor and was a huge portion. The potatoes that came with it on the other hand were so delicious. The drinks were ok too, they had 5 levels of hurricanes. I hadn't eaten much that day so I just went with a 2 (the 3 would get you buzzed per the waitress and the 4 & 5 would f&^$ you up). My friend got a 4 and didn't really seem to affected by it. The prices were steep so I probably would not return here by choice.The host pretty much dragged a group of me and my friends off the street as we walked by looking for a casual restaurant to eat. My level 2 hurricane was watered down and tasted like Koolaid with cheap rum. Save your money and get one elsewhere, go with their wine instead. Their wine options completed the food menu. Service was excellent and attentive.
My one friend and I had the taste of New Orleans. Classic popular dish. Jambalaya and red beans and rice were really good and flavorful. Not the best but really good. Now let's talk about the crawfish étouffée... upon the first bite I knew something was wrong. Giving it a second chance against my better judgement I had a second bite. The crawfish was not fresh at all and smelled and tasted like it had been kept warm out on the patio for the past week. My friend agreed that his étouffée was awful. Totally spoiled my dinner and kept both of us in the bathroom for the evening, which is unfortunate because we shared a hotel room with one toilet. Mostly because I didn't want be an embarrassment and go "Chef Ramsey Hell's Kitchen style" in front of my friends and accuse the chef of trying to kill me, I didn't send the food back to complain and get something else. Was overpriced for the amount of food.
Two of my other friends in the group had the catfish and both remarked it was the best tasting catfish they ever had. In fact, one of the made a repeat visit later in the week for the same dish. This is the only reason why I bump it up a star.This is probably the worst food I've ever had twice and was forced to eat the second time.
Classic case of over priced food with no value.
Waitress was unprofessional. Ordered new Orleans classic . I got gravy and rice with crawfish tails.at$$$$ 22.00 $$$ with all honesty I need to open a cookery if this is what it takes to cookThis was my first visit and I will be back! Wes provided an AWESOME orientation to the restaurant! He made THE BEST French 75 on this side of glory and he offered some wonderful suggestions for food! He's the best! I will be back!Went over spring break, restaurant was empty, should have been a sign!  I was really let down by my fellow yelpers. I researched on yelp before I went and was mislead by the 4 star rating. Awful all the way around. From the street side "barker" to get us in, to the one man band playing music directly in the face of a customer trying to enjoy her meal, to the pushy waiter, to the horrible food. The hushpuppies were the only high point. Five diners ordering a variety of dishes. None were finished. I will leave with the only two words that need to be said to keep you away from this restaurant - explosive diarrhea!Found this restaurant on Groupon. It was very flavorful. The staff was excellent in meeting our needs. I do plan on returning on my next trip to New Orleans.The jambalaya was some of the best I've had, but it stops there. The bulk of their dinner menu was $25-$35; prices I would expect to pay at a high end  restaurant, but the service was anything but. The gentleman greeting customers (not a host, maybe the proprietor?) was a nice touch but that's where it stopped. Our waiter was visibly disappointed when we said we wouldn't need the wine/drink list and the service nosedived. Similar reaction when we said we didn't want dessert. I understand both mean more tips for the server, but we nearly felt embarrassed for only ordering entrees and skipping the frills. Not exactly how you want to feel for dropping that kind of change on less than spectacular food.Everything we had here was really good and the entrees were a good value as the portions are very generous. There were three of us and we had the Red Beans & Rice, Blackened Redfish and Shrimp & Grits and all were fantastic. Well seasoned, well prepared, extremely tasty.  They have a good (but a bit pricey) drink selection, including a full wine list. The Key Lime Pie wasn't exactly authentic, but still delicious. Very good service. Overall more than pleased with this choice.Great food, terrible service. The entire wait staff seemed disheveled. We were promptly seated and greeted by our server and placed our drink orders. I ordered a whiskey on the rocks and my girlfriend a vodka water with lemon. The drinks quickly came but I received a whiskey sour and her a vodka with lime. We then placed our order and the food also came quickly and was delicious. As we ate we watched the staff running around confused and the manager busing tables and serving food. At one point an entire tray of meals sat by the register for close to 10 min because they couldn't figure out who ordered them. Our server visited our table once during the meal and after we had both finished we sat there for almost 30 min before anyone came to check on us. When she finally came back we placed a dessert order for bread pudding and the server asked if we wanted "regular bread pudding or the bananas foster?" We said we'd like the regular bread pudding and a check when she has time. Another almost 20 min goes by and she finally returns with the dessert in a to-go bag saying that it took so long because they have to deep fry the dessert... at this point we didn't want to waste anymore time so we paid our bill and left with our dessert. When we got back to our hotel we opened the bag to discover a simple piece of cheesecake and not the bread pudding or even the bananas foster.
Again, great food but the service was bad enough for me to not recommend this place.Ok first of A.J, hats off to you sir..... We were in town on an impromptu mini vacation. Nothing planned but the hotel..... we were wandering the streets looking for a good place to eat.. A.J stopped us and say come in for some great food..
not very often you get the owner of an establishment to greet you at the doorway. So we figured what the heck.....
We were so so hungry, not famished.... so we ordered the gater bites and the fresh crab.....
Gater was a bit different than we were used to, it was a sausage type plate served on a bed of coleslaw... It was very tasty even though it was not breaded like we usually get... and the crab legs... cooked perfectly... the only draw back would be that they did not give you the crab leg cracker that you ALWAYS get... so eating these were a bit difficult to say the least...But flavor scored this meal a 4 star review, that and the fact of A.J..... 
All in all, this is A.J's best restaurant.....Atmosphere, ambiance, and great folks...
Note though, please do not be in a hurry... the wait staff is fast to get you in but a bit slow to get you out... Knowing that i would still return here for the wonderful food and atmosphere :)
Great job A.J, if we return we will be back for sure!.