My friends and I have only ever been here for the lunch buffet, but man, the food is so good. It's a great opportunity for me to try lots of new Indian dishes for a relatively low cost ($9.99 buffet!). The chicken and potato saags were great today and I can never get enough naan. Yum!This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the greater New Orleans area.  Aloo Gobi and garlic naan are awesome.Great lunch buffet. Wide variety tasty chicken tandoori was bestMy co-worker and I went to NIrvana for lunch today. I heard before that Nirvana is heavy on dairy for their curry and for that reason, I took a look at the buffet section first before deciding whether to go with Buffet or the regular dish off of menu. Everything except one (Yellow lentil) had dairy in it. I did not even ask but the server told the cook about it and they fixed me non-diary version of one of the curry that was out! Really amazingly so nice of the cook. He brought out like a regular dish and the portion was generous. Charged us only for 2 buffet. 
My coworker tried all the curries and he liked it. I liked what I had too. Very nice and ample sitting area and I think this place might be the fanciest indian cuisine restaurant in New Orleans. Servers were very nice - picked up empty dishes on time. I am not sure about the price but i think it is about 12$ a head. Highly recommended.I went to this place two times. The first time i have been there during dinner time and the next time on the lunch. They had buffet. It was the worst buffet ever. They had everything left over food from previous night. There wasn't a single curry of paneer,since everything was left over .
No rice, no pakoras. Even the chicken wings were un fresh.
The worst food i ever had,
I would recommend not to go to this place for buffet. You might can try dinner since i feel that was the only good part.Came here on Sunday night. I called before we went to make sure they were still open at 8. They said they were open to 10:30 and to come on in. When we walked in there were a bunch of open tables with dirty dishes still on them. There were two people standing there ahead of us waiting for a table. They said they had been there for like 5 minutes and that no one had said anything to them yet. We stood there for about 5-10 minutes watching the waiters walk right past us and no one saying a word. I felt like it was so creepy. No one was even trying to clear off the tables. Finally someone came up and said they would clear off some tables.  After about 20 minutes of just standing there we were finally brought to a table.  
They brought us some waters and and asked if we were going to do the buffet. We said, sure why not.  We went up to the buffet and got some Naan and a little soup and salad. We got back to our table and the waiter came up to us and told us that we should go back to the buffet to get all the food that we wanted because they were closing the buffet down.  Why did they even ask us if we wanted the buffet if they were closing it down in 5 minutes?  So we went to the buffet and loaded our plates with what was left. There was no rice pudding left so I asked if they could bring us a side. The food was actually pretty delicious. Probably would have been better if we didn't get the scrap left over from the end of the buffet. Not sure if they have drinks. no one ever asked us about anything,. Just brought us water.
I decided that the service was absolutely terrible but the food was good. If I go back I will probably come in a lot earlier and not expect to have any decent service This way I will at least not be disappointed and maybe have a better experience.Best Indian food in America! Fresh, wholesome, authentic - and served with warmth and attentionWe have been eating Indian foods for thirty years and in Europe and the US. Nirvana is as good as any and better than most at real Indian cuisine
We split the Lamb Rogan Josh and saag paneer (sautéed spinach and cheese cubes) plus basmati rice and naan with garlic. Great! More than enough for both of us
Excellent service. Wonderfully Indian settings and music
Go soon
We will returnThe best Indian food in the city, hands down. The dinner menu is a little pricey, but you can circumvent this by going to their lunch buffet ($7). If you do plan on dining at night, I recommend their lamb vindaloo. So spicy and not for the faint of heart. Very, very vegetarian friendly. Try a mango lassi while you're at it. Yum.
2011 update:  Nirvana ain't what it use to be.  That is all.The buffet is a great deal. You really can't go wrong! Everything is delicious.I could eat Indian food all week long if I lived next to Nirvanas.  I dined in several times over the last year and always had a great experience.  The service has always been good and the food has always been delicious.  Their Chicken Tikka Masala and their Lamb Achari are two of my favorites.  I never got the opportunity to do lunch here, but they advertise a very affordable buffet that I wish I could have tried.One of the worst Indian restaraunts I've ever been to.the food was amateurish in taste. The butter chk was ketchupy and tomatoe pastey. The chicken 65 was horrendous, it was chicken in ketchup with spices. The mgmt however was very receptive to our dissatisfaction and did not charge me for anything other than the mediocre buffet. This place has potential but will need an overhaul of new cooks. The food is the issue. Everything else is fine.Great all you can eat buffet for $12.74 including the tax Sunday night - great value for what you are getting, includes vegetarian and chicken and shrimp options, soup, dessert, fruit, salad bar
The staff are also so attentive at filling your water glass - not sure why I felt this was important, but they always came at the perfect moment!
I'll come back for the buffet, it's definitely a dealFor a buffet, I was oddly impressed that they didn't have a bajillion options for you to choose from. It definitely made me feel like they really want you to enjoy the few dishes that are featured and not get lost in an Indian Ocean of flavors. The naan was just perfectly toasted and a great addition to our meal. Despite needing little interaction with the servers, they were constantly filling our water glasses and asking how we were doing.
Absolutely worth $10! Looking forward to going back to try something off the menu.I don't get to eat here quite enough. The bread and curry are great.Delicious food, especially the garlic naan! Will return. Nice outdoor seating as well, and they allow dogs on their patio.Was traveling from out of town and tried this restaurant.  I started the meal with a simple cup of chai, however after tasting it came apparent it was made much earlier in the day and reheated( it is now 8pm).  We asked the waiter if we could order another cup, this time made fresh and was informed they only make more if they run out.  This was a sign the dinner was not going to go well.  When the naan came it was still cold on the edges, it was replaced with undercooked naan, 3rd time was a charm though.  However at his point our entree was cold and our waiter was difficult to flag down.  We left without finishing our dinner.  One star because at least the bill was correct.If you love saag paneer, this is your place! I seek out Indian restaurants to try throughout America. I am a major fan of Indian food! This one wins in every category. I have eaten there many times. It's a beautiful restaurant in Uptown New Orleans. The butter chicken,lamb biryani,shrimp,freshest vegetables,etc. are masterfully prepared with a smooth blend of Indian spices.The naan bread,chai tea and desserts are perfect. Navil and the staff bend over backwards to please the customers. Five Stars Plus!!Loved the food, LOVED the food. Really surprised us, because we checked Yelp before going and expected passable a dinner - but we went because we are huge Indian food lovers. The vegetarian dishes were great, as was the garlic bread, and basmati rice. The servers were super nice and helpful, we had the dishwasher serving food to us because they happened to be short-staffed that night - and he was great!! We wanted to go back on a different day for the buffet because we heard that was the best thing to check-out, but schedules prevented us from returning. However we will, next time we're in NOLA.It was a horrible experience. Very slow service and food is 2 star if you are really looking for authentic Indian food. I ordered mix platter and I was told that we can't make any appetizer as we are short staffed. I then ordered paneer and Roti and it was below average. I was also give complementary rice and check the picture of the rice and you would know why I gave it a 1 star. It was definitely a few days old rice.Went here with some friends and my fiancée and it was some of the best Indian food I've ever had. Great spot for vegans!! Like most Indian restaurants they have tons of vegan options, but the ones I had here really went above and beyond. They also have a full bar and a great foreign beer selection that goes well with the spicy food!some of the BEST Indian food I have ever had - and I am Indian! portions are HUGE, taste is amazing, and menu has so many items! the hand crafted drinks were also really tasty!!We've eaten here 3 or 4 times because when the urge for Indian strikes, well, there is no other option in the Big Easy!
The dining room is decent with comfortable chairs and nice round tables. The Dinner menu is fairly diverse and offers several options as expected.
I tend to eat vegetarian when I have Indian and that's what I have done here as well. I can't remember exactly what I have had, but everything has been good and acceptable. Their Garlic Naan is tasty as well. I will say that they spice their food a bit hotter than normal for an Indian place in America, so be prepared!
We have had the buffet for lunch twice and both times were underwhelmed. I won't go back for lunch. The selection is poor and the lunch food bland and not varied. Not worth it.
All in all, it is standard as expected Indian fare. There is nothing exceptional or cravable about this place, but it fits the bill. The meals are large enough to fill you up, and the flavoring is as it should be.Oh Indian lunch buffet, how I love you so. So many good memories we've had... that time I was crying because of your spicy  spicy tastiness while shoveling as much bread into my mouth as I could... that graduation party I used as an excuse to celebrate your deliciousness... oh buffet, I miss you.  While you aren't freakishly cheap, you still offer me so much when I visit you. You know you're worth it, don't let anybody tell you differently!!!!
While I love this place, I can't give it 5 stars because truthfully... I've only had the buffet. For all I know, everything else could be complete rubbish! It doesn't matter anyway... The buffet knows it's the only one for me.So just the facts:  Buffet here is darn good but not the best Indian buffet I've ever had.  Menu is pretty awesome and I love the "Nirvana Special" most especially!!!  I have had terrible service here a few times but usually it is decent.  Buffet is everyday at lunch they are open and then on Thursday and Sunday nights (you can also get a FREE sample on Sundays at Rendezvous Bar).  Don't believe anything vegetarians tell you about this place as they have brain damage from a lack of meat protein and too many carbs :)Fantastic Indian lunch buffet. I eat Indian food all the time in New York and this is up to par. I particularly enjoyed the "homemade cheese and peas" and the "3 bean mixture." I'd definitely go back especially for the price!!Disclaimer: I'm not a fan of Indian food. I've only had it maybe two other times in my entire life but a group I'm in had a meetup here and so I went.
I ordered a chicken dish in some kind of almond sauce which was decent; I don't really like curry so maybe this dish was really good or my taste buds have changed in 9 or so years. I finished it off and started liking it more as I kept eating. 
The naan was very good but I'm not sure how you could really mess that up. 
I did have a drink called the Kama Sutra - it was some kind of vodka/mango drink and it was pretty good.
My biggest complaint was the service. Granted we were a big group but I arrived late, about an hour after everyone else, so they had already ordered. I ordered my food and it arrived, but I had to actually walk up to the counter to ask for another drink because they never came by to check on us after I had gotten my food. When I finished eating I asked for my check and waited about 20 minutes, holding everyone else up because they'd already paid theirs, before I had to find a waiter and ask for it again. By this point a lot of the group had left so it wasn't like they were still tending to 25 people.
I probably won't be returning here unless the group decides they want to. The food was actually okay but the service was disappointing.The one star rating is just because the ambience and service were 'good enough'. If you want to have some good Indian food then avoid this place.   The paneer felt stale, curry felt like it's made from Heinz ketchup and chilli flakes, and two koftas per serving will leave you unsatisfied.This is where we go when we want Indian food in New Orleans.  :)  I'm not an Indian food connoisseur by any means but I like it and they've been great to me.  I've never been to the buffet though.  All the times I've been here have been for a sit-down dinner.  
My favorite entree by far is the butter chicken.  I was very excited when I saw they had it since an Indian friend of mine used to make it for me back in college.  Now I'm craving the tomato-ey sauce just thinking about it.
The prices are in range with other typical Indian restaurants which is slightly pricey but well worth it.  The decor is nice and I love that part of the neighborhood on Magazine Street.  
If you like Indian food, try it out and see for yourself.29 Dec 17 : When 1st time to this restaurant at 9:05 pm when we asked them to seat two of us then they tell we cannot take more people. When their kitchen closing time is 9:30 we were visiting from different t city? I will never ever visit this place again.Good buffet... liked the food  What I didn't like was th 18% gratuity tagged on for a BUFFET! Table of 5. Who does that for a BUFFET! Lost one cusromer.I yelped the place! Definitely a very good place to try kebabs or chicken biryani! Loved the food, had the right amount of spices.The food and service was wonderful here! My fiancé and I stumbled across this place while we were in New Orleans and was excited it was on Magazine street. We loved their Dal, Pakoras, and definitely was a fan of the Kheer. If we lived in NOLA, I can guarantee we would frequent this place.With regards to the total selection of indian cuisine in this city Nirvana hits the closest to accuracy. They have almost everything I need! I'm less of a buffet person, so I've not too knowledgeable of their ready to eat section. But they do have a deliciously creamy Saag Paneer. And that's all I really need anyway. 
I wish they had Dosas or Bhatura though. Omg if they got on top of that, I'd incorporate Nirvana into my list of places to show visitors in town. Other than that, the spices are right on the money, it's clean and the staff are polite and helpful. 
You walk in and almost instantly feel calm. Then you take in that wonderful aroma....the sweet yet firely smell of fresh spices. Yes. This is a winner.This is a decent Indian option in Uptown. They have a buffet on Sundays and Thursdays (I think). It won't be the best Indian food you've ever had, but it will most likely satisfy your hankering for some Aloo Gobi.Unimpressed with the food and service! We went for the Sunday buffet and saw the smallest buffet served at an Indian restaurant. Not worth it. There were more chutneys than actual food items. Won't be going back. Ok food - nothing to rave about.I am updating a previous review....congrats to Nirvana for making a vast improvement on service! The staff now are incredibly pleasant and helpful! I had the lunch buffet recently with my Mom, and the server kept sweetly referring to her as, "Mom." The quality of good has definitely improved, as well. Good job!Quite pleased with this restaurant. Our food came out hot and quickly and the waiters were very quick to notice if we needed anything. The food was quite good and I was impressed with their variety of vegetarian dishes. I would recommend trying this place out.This was not the best Indian food I've had, but we were visiting NOLA for a conference and I had to at least try some Indian food while I was here. The food itself is pretty Americanized and, to my taste, a bit bland. That is not necessarily a bad thing and I would recommend the food to anyone new to Indian cuisine or who doesn't like a lot of heat. The spread for the buffet was pretty standard fare (butter chicken, vegetable korma, a few other veggie and meat curries, tandoori chicken, etc.) although they do have a really incredible mango frozen yogurt that is creamy and delicious. The ambiance is pretty nice with fancy chairs and table settings. My biggest issue with the restaurant itself was the strange flowery perfume smell that was so pungent it took over my ability to taste most of the food. At first I thought it was incense, but I've been in restaurants where there is incense and it tends to dissipate after a while--the smell here was so strong that even by the time we finished eating I was desparate for some fresh air. Of course, my husband didn't even notice the smell so maybe I am just a super-smeller but it did make the experience much less enjoyable for me.This was my first try at Indian food. I thought it was great for the value. Ten dollars for a buffet isn't bad at all. I love the thrones for chairs. The butter chicken was great. The selection for the buffet was however smaller than I would have thought. The creamy spinach dish is great! Good location. The seed/ licorice sugar by the door are a strange treat. Try them just out of curiosity. I am interested to try their menu entrees as others have said they are better than the buffet. Overall this is a fun way to try Indian food for a good value but I wouldn't frequent the buffet.I don't really understand why this place is so popular. Granted, I've only ever been for the lunch buffet, but in my opinion that is what's supposed to be good at an indian restaurant! The selection is pretty small compared to other indian buffets, and the quality is just not good. I have not had a lot of indian food in my life, but my experiences with it so far have been flavorful, fragrant, fresh, juicy, and saucy. Most of the food I've had there has been bland and dry. That's really the best summary I can make. 
The servers make you feel like you are imposing by dining in their restaurant and trying to get a drink and ask for the check is an awkward experience. If you want an experience 10 times better, go to Taj Mahal on Old Metairie Road. Someone told me they are owned by the same person?so amazing! I leave overly stuffed every time. They have a wonderful buffet that me and my mom often frequent on Thursday because they have the buffet for lunch and dinner on Thursdays (and on Sundays. Otherwise they always have a lunch buffet). Their butter chicken is amaze-balls and they have it pretty much every Thursday. Wait staff is very friendly as well. :) Yay nirvana!Yum.Yummmmmm.Yummmmmmmmm.
So happy to have found good Indian food in Nola. I have also tried Taj Mahal and like Nirv better.
The coconut chicken dish is delish.
Def recommend.Visit #2 can never be as good as you remember the place from your first time there, right? Hmm, maybe not always...
With hesitant steps and skipping heart, we walked into Nirvana, afraid it would disappoint and break the myth of the great yellow daal! We start slowly, with appetizers, wanting to built up the crescendo for the daal. 
The samosa and the papri chaat were quite mediocre (and as mentioned in the original review, their service is nothing to write about - it's very aloof and loose). We tried to decide whether we should head out as the appetizers were quite poorly done. But we decide to move forward with courage and order the yellow daal - only to realize they didn't have it on the menu!!! 
We asked the server if he could check with the chef whether they could do the yellow daal we had so fondly remembered and come back for. Server tells us they've never had a yellow daal. We explain to him we tried it as part of the buffet in November and loved it. Could he check with the chef to make sure they don't have it anymore? He comes back saying yes they do have it still, but only in the buffet! But then they finally agreed to make it. 
The breads were good actually and when the daal came, it made our day!!! It was still so good that this time we packed an extra one to take home for the next day! 
The reason it's not a 5-star anymore? The daal is really the only thing that's so spectacular about this place and it alone cannot carry all the stars through... 
Oh, and I do still recommend the lunch buffet instead of dinner!I am a sucker for paneer.   I am also a sucker for the lunch buffet, where I can mix and match various dishes to my content right along with various salad combinations, soup, and sauces.
some suttle heat up in the house.
butter chicken
mater paneer
crispy vegetable fry
basmati rice
red curry
green curry
each day they switch it up a bit.
with an ice tea...    spent about $20 total including tip.I usually try Indian restaurant when I travel different states. I was visiting new Orleans for spring break and I tried this place. 
I have to say it's got nice taste. I am a vegetarian and I tried couple of dishes frm menu. And they were really nice. 
More over they have nice interior that matches new Orleans.This was my first time eating Indian cuisine, and now I crave for it all the time. The kind server was friendly and helpful in explaining what each dish contained. I was happy that the menu also contained pictures of each dish...very helpful. We only ordered from the vegetarian section of the menu, and everything we ordered was absolutely amazing. Full of flavor and such generous portions, and enough for our lunch and dinner the following day. The entire experience was phenomenal. I can't wait to go back there.When it comes to Indian food, I am probably biased and naive, but I thought Nirvana was very tasty and affordable. We had the lamb with yummy nan and an app sampler, and cocktails. The imported decor and brown faces transported us to the Far East. We left smiling and without complaints. If you are on Magazine, and need your Indian fix, Nirvana does the trick very nicely.Ver good Indian buffet. We have not eaten off the menu as of yet, but the Sunday buffet is very good. 
Service is ok, a little odd actually, but hey I did not go there to make friends, but ha e a good meal, and I got one.We recently went for a birthday dinner and absolutely loved it. The food was excellent, the cocktails unique and the service was personal and amazing.
My wife called ahead to say we were coming for a birthday dinner, and was there anything special they could arrange. Unfortunately, they didn't have any sort of decorations, so what they did was decorate the food. The ornate garnishes on each of the dishes we ordered were beautiful and made our night special.
Oh, and the food was delicious and priced right. Lamb vindaloo, lamb stuffed naan, butter chicken and spinach saag were all wonderful.I had dinner there last week with friends.  I was amazed that a restaurant could make such a commitment to a chair.  Each person has a gilded velvet thrown.  The wait staff was cold and unwelcoming (though it may be a cultural thing not to smile).  I know nothing of Indian cuisine.  I was lost at the menu.  I chose a dish with the description of sweet and spicy.  It was just that sweet and spicy.  I was overwhelmed by flavor, I understand that is the point.  I make it a point to order shrimp when I am not sure I would be able to identify other meats.  my fellow diners ended up with dishes that resembled brown slop.  My food has to look good for me to enjoy it.  I will give it another try. I do love chick peas.Came here recently for the first time and had the buffet. 
Several factors play into my review. First, I love Indian food. I haven't had any an a very long time. So my delight level was high and needless to say, I was happy.
Like many ethnic or regional restaurants in New Orleans... Due to lack of competition... Their game level isn't at its peak. This plays out in New Orleans for Brazilian, Arabic, and Mexican restaurants. (Mexican restaurants in NOLA get away serving TexMex).
Needless to say, I've had better Indian food in other cities. Despite my observation, I will go back to Nirvana and sample the rest of their offerings.
If this is your first time eating Indian and don't like it. I suggest not to judge all Indian food by this one place.
I gave it three stars because the food was "ok" and the service was "ok".
I will be back.I know I've said it before...I used to love Nirvana but it's just so uneven these days.  After a long day of home improvements, we just wanted a simple meal and to crash.  We ordered a pakora and chat papri and both were fine.  But the saag paneer we ordered to share was borderline inedible.  And, of course, it made both us sick, so no sleep for us.
It will be a while before I give Nirvana another try.Passing through Magazine Street, my friend Jessica had never been to Nirvana and since I was visiting and up for a new restaurant, we headed over for lunch. 
Walking in, the restaurant was spacious and decorated with warm colors. Our waiter was very attentive and was very helpful. I had this cheese appetizer while Jessica had lamb curry. It was DELICIOUS. The curry was spicy but not too spicy and the farmer's cheese had this flavor I can't even describe. There were sauteed vegetables with the cheese that were still had a bit of a crunch to it. MMMM. YUMMY. Add in an order of the garlic naan and we were happy!
Next time I stop by, I will have to try the lunch buffet!I would love to write a nice review about the quality of the food and the value of my meal - alas I cannot.  The only reason to go here is if you crave Indian food and are willing to put up with what is at best over priced mediocre food.  Sorry - would love to say better things but after five visits over a 2 year stretch nothing has changed.It was not A ok.  It was just ok.  Spicy, but lacked that omg flavor.  If you are a chicken fan - they got it.  The plus side - their okra was wonderful and The naan was soft and fresh - even on the buffet.  I think a bathroom reflects how well the kitchen is kept - and it was impressively clean. I think that if they had any competition they might do better.   This is an ethnic cuisine that is barren in the greater NOLA area, so I'll be back.The only Indian cuisine I've had actually so I always eat or get takeout from here! My daughter loves the butter chicken and garlic naan. I like the Tandoori Chicken best with the garlic naan! Also really good rice pudding!I would never claim to be an "expert" on Indian cuisine, but I have had my share all over the U.S. and abroad (though not in its mother country...yet!).
   When I get a hankering for that rich, redolent, still exotic food, I go to Nirvana.
Not only do they have an enormous ( and ever growing ) menu, but it covers a broad range from the obligatory tandooris, vindaloos and curries to sumptuous biryanis to one of the most generous array of vegetarian specialties including my fave, malai kofta (vegetable dumplings in an onion and cream sauce). The starters also range from the typical pakoras and samosas to chat, ragda pati (potato cakes with curried garbanzo beans) and something called Bombay wings (!?).
      The decor is over the top in the best of ways, with dizzyingly colorful paintings, shrines and gorgeous fabrics and woodwork encased in an old New Olreans retail establishment with a fantastic pressed tin ceiling.
       Yes, there is the ubiquitous buffet at lunch, but it is generous and allows one to sate ones Indian craving quickly and inexpensively.
        I admit that the service is usually terse (most of the waitstaff are stone-faced Indian men), but the food comes out quickly and the owner, Anjay (sp?) is as warm and welcoming as anybody in town.My parents and I have been going to this restaurant for years for the Sunday $9.99 buffet.  On Mother's Day, my mom wasn't feeling great and we weren't all that hungry, so we decided to go here for a cheap, casual dinner.  Everything was fine until we recieved the bill.  The bill was almost double the price.  We questioned the waiter/manager.  He said that yes, once a year on Mother's Day they raise the price.  Here's an idea:  how about letting the customers know BEFORE you present them with a check that the price for the regular buffet is double as a special Mother's Day treat!  There weren't any signs indicating a Mother's Day special buffet price, we weren't given a menu and the waiter didn't inform us BEFORE he handed us the check!  Not cool!!!! The waiter/manager casually apologized, but nothing more... didn't offer any compensation.  His excuse was that they only do it once a year.  Only doing it once a year doesn't seem to make it okay to surprise guests with a double the price buffet.  Additionally, there was nothing extra about the buffet.  It was the same buffer but twice the price.  They just lost long time customers!Hmm.  Well, I am no connoisseur of Indian Cuisine, and I was raised on American Middle Class Buffets (Pizza & Chinese).   Nirvana was recommended to me by a friend, and though hesitant at first, eventually decided to try it out.     I was pleasantly surprised at the good eats and found the wait staff to be friendly and personal.   It is no Commander's Palace but neither is the price at $9.99.  Eat up!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE their $10 Thursday/Sunday evening buffet! Highly recommended. When I know I'll be going to Nirvana for dinner, I eat very little all day and then enjoy two enormous plates from the buffet, usually at 5:30 because my friends and I can't wait any longer. I'm not sure why anyone would come to Nirvana and order off the overpriced regular menu when the buffet is such a good deal. I've eaten from it at least 10 times and have never had a bad experience! The buffet always has butter kitchen, tandoori chicken, several vegetarian options, fresh, warm naan, and all the usual Indian condiments. The servers are very attentive, especially with refilling water glasses.
Skip the regular menu and come for the buffet!My son and I came here during our vacation.  The night before he had chosen The Gumbo Shop and what a disappointment that was:  LONG wait, cramped table and mediocre food.  Nirvana was MY choice and both my son and I agreed this was the BEST food we had on our entire vacation.  The flavors were so amazing we are still talking about this place as the zenith of cuisine to aspire to.  We live in CA and my son found a restaurant here also called Nirvana.   The CA Nirvana (no affiliation to the New Orleans location)  was very good food but nothing compared to the Nirvana in New Orleans.  If you have the good fortune of living in New Orleans, this is the place to eat.This is what I like to order if you take somebody to eat Indian for the first time. Nirvana Indian Cuisine has a dish called the Flag Of Inidia on the menu which has Butter Chicken (roasted pieces of tender chicken cooked in a tomato butter methi sauce), Malai Kebab (Mild cashew sauce), and Saag Paneer (chunks of farmer's cheese sautéed in curried spinach) which represent the colors of the flag of India, so you get three different dish in one order. Its a WIN WIN dish !I have ordered off the menu on a non-buffet night, but really the buffet is what keeps me coming back.  There is nothing better than walking back to your table with a colorful montage of Indian food deliciousness.
My favorite items are the nan, mint chutney and butter chicken.  Other than that, there is of course always something else on the buffet that I get to try.  This is nice because sometimes you find a dish you love at a restaurant and then you don't try out anything else because you'd be disappointed otherwise.
The service here is always friendly and the decor is nice as well.I've never written a yelp review before, but this experience was too terrible not to comment. 
We had an 8:30 reservation for dinner on Christmas Day. When we got there we were brushed off for asking about our reservation. We were seated at 8:45 and waited another 20 minutes for water and silverware.
The waiter came to take our order about an hour after we had arrived at the restaurant. 
We finally got our food at 10:30- two hours after we arrived. In between, there was no one coming to check on us, bring bread or any other holdover despite a two hour wait on food. 
A couple tables near us got frustrated and left the restaurant after waiting hours for their food. 
And once we got our food it wasn't even worth it. As my Indian mother said "this is terrible." She ended up eating the plain rice with yogurt. 
After all this- we waited another 20 minutes for the check and got no sort of apology from anyone on the staff. Terrible service, terrible food, would give it negative stars if I could. Do not eat here.First, I'm local and love Indian food. Nirvana used to be our go to for the lunch buffet. After going regularly, we noticed a turnover in staff, decline in food quality, and worst of all...incredibly unfriendly service. NOLA is a town built on loyal, local sevice. That's not appreciated at Nirvana. Boo hiss.The chef did an amazing job of convincing me to try some new dishes. I had the Lamb Rogan Josh (lamb curry cooked in spiced oil and yoghurt) and the Goan Shrimp Curry (jumbo shrimp cooked in a coconut and vegetable sauce. A recipe from Goa) along with a shrimp dish that was not on the menu but we really loved ! So glad to have tried something new, but I will need to get back soon for my Flag of India !$10 lunch buffet. That's all you need to know. I've probably been here ten times, and every time there is always something different at the buffet that I've never tried before. And there are always at least 3 or 4 vegetarian options plus soup. The naan is awesome. The rice is usually awesome, but last time it was a little overcooked. Overall, love this place.Took two friends to Nirvana the other night normally I love to go for the lunch buffet but this time I wanted to order off the menu to give my friends a good variety of food. 
This was their first time so I wanted to make sure it was a good experience !
Started with some Veggie Samosa, they were great, with just the right amount of spice. Also had some Onion Pakoras, their version of onion rings. Then I tried something new the Nirvana Kathi Roll which was an Indian version of a chicken wrap. They were all great and it left a great first impression.
Dinner time.. Order the Mixed Grill which was an assortment of tandoori items, along with the Lamb Korma and the Flag of India which is a trio of items, saag paneer, and two chicken dishes. Of course this came with some rice and I had some garlic naan to go with the meal.
Well for a few first timers they jumped right into the meal and never looked back, I can say that I know for a fact that they will be back as will I.
I think that Nirvana is a great place for not only first timers but for people who love Indian cuisine so make sure you put this on your list of places to visit.Have eaten their several times in the past with mediocre results, but most recently during mardi gras, my friends and I all got food poisoning, and we all had different entrees. Probably had them sitting out, ready to sling onto the tables. Possibly this is due to the heavy traffic during mardi gras, but I will not be taking any more chances with them.I consider myself pretty much a "regular" at Nirvana, for dinner. This was my first visit to their lunch buffet, and my expectations were exceeded. It seems that they save "the good stuff" for lunch! I had the creamiest mushroom dish with gravy, it tasted just like a buttery cream of mushroom soup. There was also some rich, slow-cooked eggplant that was unbelievable. The standard butter chicken was good. 
The buffet also had Tandoori chicken pieces and a fish dish, but I didn't eat that. The fried potatoes were a little bland. The naan was so delicious, I couldn't stop eating it. The rice was studded with peas, which was different than the plain rice offered on the dinner buffet.
The place always seems very clean to me. I lament the loss of the soft serve ice cream machine. That was a really nice addition and I hope they bring it back.Excellent food and service. Very family oriented. I highly recommend the Flag of India.Did the Sunday night dinner buffet. Loved the interior. Very colorful. Nice variety of vegetable and chicken dishes, plus salad bar and all the naaaaan you can eat! I'll be back.We went to have dinner here this past sunday, believing the yelp posting that it was open until 10.30. (That is the only reason why no 5 star, although that mayen't be their fault)           While perusing the menu, we were told the kitchen was closing at 9.45.  No problem. i just hate being THAT guest.  The one who is eating while all the waitstaff shuffle around glancing if you have an empty plate so they can go home or get on with their night.  
    My boyfriend and i each ordered appetizers: some sort of roll - his with chicken, mine vegetarian.  My lord were they good!  And they came with two radically different sauces that even tasted interesting when mixed together.  Since we realized they were closing, we told them to go ahead and bring the entrees.  Already we knew we'd need to-go boxes.  
    Lemme just say this: the staff were so accommodating and patient.  Two men were our servers.  Very sweet dispositioned and not intrusive. A very gracious host sat us and checked in on our experience.  
   D got the Flag of India and liked all the differing flavours.  I got the veggie version of a new item called 67 or some other number sauce.  The next day i was sweating at work and luxuriating in the aroma coming out of my pores. Sounds crazy, but that's how good it was! I want to learn how to cook this sauce and put it on every damn thing but know that i can never replicate their magic.
    Our next plan of attack?  Lunch Buffet- where we can try a whole load of different dishes and not have our eyes bigger than our stomach.
            Namaste!The buffet was fantastic, the service was outstanding and the price can't be beat.Of course I decide I LOVE Indian food only after moving to the South.  Oops...
I've only had the buffet and at $10 it can't be beat.  Literally.  Nirvana is the only game in town, so they could charge wayyy more because there's nothing else that hits the spot like Indian when you're craving it.  
Apparently THE Indian restaurant in Metairie is owned by the same folks...or so sayeth Saint Tom Fitzmorris, and I find the experience to be about the same at both places.
A steady rotation of standard fare along with staples like Tandoori chicken and all the naan you can cram down your gullet makes me a fan.
The only down side is the hoards of Tulane and Loyola kids that cram the place on Sunday and Thursday buffet nights. Not that I blame them...I'd just recommend hitting the lunch buffet or being the first person in the door if you choose to come on the aforementioned nights...
There's better Indian cuisine out there...but you won't find it in NOLA.No argument - the best Indian food in town. Spicy-hotness is oddly difficult to find in this town, but Nirvana can make you sweat and cry with just spinach and potatoes.They offered a lunch buffet, and it had a decent range of options, including a salad bar, fried appetizers, and plenty of vegetarian curries. Taste-wise, it was aight, as the locals might say, but rather basic on all fronts, from the hakka noodles to the rather watery potatoes and peas. The setting was rather ostentatiously decorated, but the service wasn't perfect; for the number of people working it took a while to get started and for us to pay and go. I wasn't dissatisfied as Indian food is rarely bad, but I expect that one could do better.I will admit, I'm kind of particular about food - I demand that it be delicious and not just meh. Nirvana never disappoints me. I almost always get the buffet, and it's perfectly acceptable to my picky palate. The buffet always has a decent amount of tasty options. Lovely, velvety sauces, hot naan, an array of condiments. 
Their hot chai is the perfect drink to sip on, on a cold, rainy night - it warms you to your bones!
It's also the best deal in town, in this era of rising restaurant prices. Buffet was $11.50 and better quality than you will find at any Chinese buffet.
My only complaint is that the desserts have gone downhill. They used to have mango soft serve ice cream that was so good, almost tasted caramelized. They got rid of the machine. The galub jamun I had on the last visit didn't look like any I had ever seen....every time I've had it at Nirvana in the past, it was light brown, fried dough balls in a sticky syrup. The other night, it was white, flour-y, raw tasting dough floating in cloudy water. What's up with that? Please go back to the old recipe!We have decided that we will make the $10 Sunday night buffet our new tradition.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.  The food is always savory and delicious.
Yes, the waiters are aloof, and they should perhaps staff a friendly hostess to greet and seat people.  But it's a BUFFET.  Sorry, but this experience = atmosphere + delicious Saag Paneer, and, to me, isn't contingent on how nicely they deliver your cocktail.