Came here after hearing rave reviews and I must admit that they have the best crust in town. Its crisp at the bottom and not bready on top. We ordered half sausage and half pepperoni. The sausage side as much better, legit Italian sausage chunks that was very tasty. The pepperoni side was very greasy and gave me severe indigestion. Two other issues here are poor service, poor menu and not enough available slices. Ive come there twice and there were no slices available.Best pizza around!! Highly recommend the #7, mushroom with a lemon cream sauce. So delicious, a love pat for your tummy!Lives up to the hype. The crust is chewy like a bagel and totally delicious. Had the square pizza and cannot wait to try more!Is better than Joe's in NYC. Pepperoni with garlic and basil is super good. Also the Hero sandwich was delicious. I had the chicken but switched it up to vodka sauce with cheese and broccoli rabe.Absolutely terrible service. The pizza took 90 mins. And then it was cold. Mediocre pizza at best. 
Don't waste your money.A #10 square with vodka sauce, pepperoni and basil for me please! Took this humdinger home to feast on for dinner. Threw it in the oven at 350 for like 10 min and it was perfect, like it was just made. I could honestly find nothing wrong from first to last bite. Had the perfect topping amount, perfect square cut and the taste is phenomenal. The vodka sauce is not overpowering and perfect on the palate. I highly recommend the #10 next time you stop in for a bite to eat or looking for something to take home for dinner.I'm updating my previous 5 star review in hopes that Yelp will add a 10 star review. Until today I have only had their pizza as takeout, and it was already the best pizza I have ever had. But if I were being picky, I always wanted a little granulated garlic, and out of habit would put some parm and crushed red pepper. Tonight, I at outside and had the pizza fresh out of the oven. I didn't feel like going inside for extras, so I tried the pizza by itself, and oh my. Putting anything else on this pizza would be like adding eyebrows to the Mona Lisa. This pizza is the definition of perfection when it is cold, and if you are lucky enough to have it fresh, consider yourself to be blessed by the gods.
Oh, HUGE props to the guy working the door. New Orleans has a vaccine requirement, and he is in charge of checking those. Super polite, and remembered me even though I kept coming in and out. Remember that the person in charge of checking is doing the work to keep you safe.Best pizza in the universe, dare I... combine with their on site brewery. It's a must.Having lived in NY and NJ for several years each this is the the real deal!  The space which I visited when it was another business has totally changed.  There are four different areas to eat...indoor, outdoor, covered outdoor seating.... perfectly suited for social distancing and staff is extremely affable...unlike a similar business in the Marigny!The only NY style pizza in the City. Pizza D is great, but the crust at Nola gives them the edge. Will be back again. And again. Phenomenal job, y'all.It's a pizza place and brewery so I don't think it can go beyond 3 stars just for the record. However, the pizza was lights out!!!  I've had the vodka sauce pizza twice now and it's one of the best pizzas I've had. It's square and has a ton of sauce on it.   No pics of the pie though. Will be back as often as possible.I had been craving NYC style pizza so when a friend gave me a lead on this place, saying because of the brewing equipment are able to RECREATE NYC water to get the sourdough crust right-I had to try! I couldn't find anyone to join me for a slice, so I drove over with the intent on picking up a whole pie. All covid protocols were followed so I felt very safe waiting for my pizza pie to bake. In less than 15 minutes I had a fresh pepperoni pizza just for me! It. Was. Great. And the crust was just right-once I got through that big 'Ol slice, I actually consumed and enjoyed the crust! It had that "flavor" know what I'm saying?This pizza is everything it advertises and more. Maybe the top five pizzas I've ever had. I always go with pepperoni the first time I try anywhere new, as kind of a baseline. The pepperoni here was amazing . I picked it up and took it home, and the entire drive all I could smell was the pepperoni, and I am not complaining. The cheese and sauce were fantastic. And the crust? Perfection. They say they use water with the same pH as in New York, and whatever other magic they work with it, well, let's just say if they sold their souls to make crust that good, it was worth it. Also, and again not complaining, we were riding in my wife's car, and I almost couldn't get the seat back far enough to fit the box, it was so huge. New Orleans seems to be in a pizza war right now, and I think I've chosen a side!I will preface this review by saying that I lived in NYC for over 12 years and know what New York pizza is about.  My first slice (pepperoni) was soooo good and the closest thing to New York pizza that I've had in NOLA - chewy crust, stretchy cheese, perfectly crisp and thin on the bottom - it was great!  It was so good that it made me hungrier and I went for a second slice.  Unfortunately, this slice was soggy and limp - not like the first slice, and very disappointing.  Come on - please be consistent!  I am in the restaurant biz - this is key.  I hope it's good when I come back as I would hate to think that it's a crapshoot.  This would be a 5-star review if there was consistency.NOLA can be a pizza hit or miss town to me but NOLA Pizza Co is the best addition to the line up I can ever remember.  It's instantly my the discussion for my favorite in town.  The pizza itself is amazing and super reasonable, the crust tops all others and in my 25 years in NOLA, I haven't had one that the crust and sauce combo is as on point for. New York style pizza. I called with a special request and the very friendly and hard working staff just hit it absolutely on the head.  THANK YOU to the staff and management for doing such an amazing job and opening a business that's gonna be on my very short go to list for sure!   Had two other couples with us and we all agreed that NOLA Pizza is the new standard by which others will be measured!  (Tried to find a place to add a 6th or 7th star but Yelp is so limited.) Don't think, just order!!I was extremely eager to try this place based on all the excellent reviews; being from the northeast, I thought perhaps I'd finally found the legit NY pizza I've been looking for. Unfortunately, I was not a fan of the sourdough crust. Not sure if it was overproofed, but the crust I had was very sour and unpalatable... the essence of sauerkraut. I ate one slice but sadly had to throw the rest away.The best pizza I've found in New Orleans (so far). The crust and sauce take my palate back to NY/NJ. 
One thing the menu doesn't show is that they sell slices. They had about 4 different types of pizza available.Yuuummm! This pizza is so great and super fresh. The #5 is stellar, and these brunch pizzas (only available during brunch) were epic! The one with Lox was a super interesting take on brunch pizza. Pair it with a beer from NOLA brewing and you have the perfect meal!
Next up I'm going to try their slice lunch special which includes a slice, salad, and beer or non-alcoholic tea if you can't have a boozy lunch.If it takes you an hour and 20 minutes to make a pizza, the people who ordered are probably over it by the time it arrives. 
Not worth the wait or $20+ per pie.This is hands down the best pizza in New Orleans. True NYC style crust, perfect thickness and texture. Great sauce and cheese and awesome toppings. They have by the slice and full pizzas available. Fast and friendly service and fun atmosphere indoors and outdoors. Inside NOLA Brewing so tons of great beer available to drink too! Recommend!!!This pizza is legit. A tad pricey, but 100% worth it. Pick up a sixer while you're there and you will not be disappointed.By far one of the best pizza spots in NOLA now. It's the newest edition of NOLA Brewery's kitchen.  Easy to access, timely service and a great place for semi outdoor dining with a group.  The crust is on point, toppings and sauce are perfect.  Loved the variety of toppings, sauce and shape.  Great size for the value also.  
We chose the square pizza with vodka sauce, pepperoni and basil.  Tons of pepperoni, just the right basil and the sauce is so zesty and good.  I would choose this pizza any day of the week!  Can't wait to try more.This place is AMAZING. The best pizza I've had in New Orleans, after living in NYC for 8 years. The sourdough crust is great, and they even process the water to have the same alkaline properties of NYC water.  Friendly service, great COVID precautions. There's indoor and outdoor seating as well.I've lived in Brooklyn for the past decade, and greater NYC my whole life. NPC is the real deal. Don't miss the #7 and #10. Oh, and chicken marsala hero + broccoli rabe is everything.Best pepperoni pizza in New Orleans!  Seriously!  This place actually serves real NY style pizza.  There are lots of pretenders, but few actually deliver real NY pizza.  Worth every penny.  Caveat:  they don't sell a "supreme" pizza, so if you are looking for a combination pizza at a good price, look elsewhere.  Lots of seating and parking.  They are located in Nola Brewing Co, and their beer is outstanding as well.  Highly recommended.This is seriously the best pizza in New Orleans. The pizza is good, especially the crust. We had the plate lunch special with different slices and a lunch beer. Definitely recommend!Delicious new york style pizza.  Good dough, with air pockets showing after baking.  Flavorfull pepperoni.8 years, 8 long years... Ever since I moved to NOLA I've been searching for a decent pizza place. I have finally found one. NOLA Pizza Co. is the best pizza place in New Orleans, period. 
I first heard about this new place during a cheese class and when the next pizza night rolled around (11/6) I thought I'd give it a try. I was a little skeptical of the advertised in-house NYC made water they use to make the dough, but let me tell you... it's no gimmick. I ordered the sausage and sage pizza and it blew my brain to smithereens. The dough was chewy, sausage flavorful, sauce zesty and cheese on point. 
Tonight (11/13) was pizza night again and I needed my fix. I ordered the vodka sauce-pepperoni-basil square pizza. EVEN BETTER THAN LAST WEEK! It's similar to a Detroit style pizza with the sauce on top in dollops and a crispy crust, just not as thick. I'm trying to savor it, but I'm failing - it'll be gone before I go to bed. The vodka sauce alone would be amazing on pasta. 
Online ordering is easy and their service is also excellent. They got swamped tonight and my man Eli texted just to make sure I got the email saying it would take an hour (the week before was 25 minutes). When I got there it was going to be another 15 minutes and he offered to buy me and my wife a round at the bar (NOLA Brewing Co. Taproom). 
I'm considering trying to get a job with them so I can learn from the masters. GO. HERE. NOW. See you next Friday.I loved this place. We found the pizza to spectacular. We definitely liked the square pizza over the normal round pizza. The round pizza is New York style with a thin crust, crispy and good. The sauce was amazing. The square pizza had a thick crust, I wouldn't call it a pan pizza but a little more than a hand tossed.  It was absolutely sublime. Love the atmosphere, it is in a brewery so it has a great vibe.Best pizza in New Orleans   This is real New York pizza
Can't wait to go back. I wanted to try all of them but am trying to watch my girlish figure   I tasted the # 3,6 and 10. Absolututely spectacularCame in on Sunday afternoon, the pizza was so good. The service was horrible though, walked in kind of took forever to get acknowledged. One lady told us we didn't have to be seated we could walk up to the register to order. Walked up, guy at the register was pretty much mute, asked him where is the menu he pointed to the printed post looking card, and then at the wall menu. We tried to ask about a specialty pizza, or popular item he pointed a the post card on the counter and said " that's the menu". Just straight up rude, I'm not going to give it poor rating because like I said the pizza was awesome and I don't want to put negative ratings because of the staff.I generally do not like pizza but NOLA pizza Co is good! Reminds me a lot of Pizza Delicious without needing to trek out to bywater. 
The pizza you get is huge and they have a great selection of toppings that they're very generous with. I'm usually a fan of white sauce but the one we got felt like something was missing - I'm going to try the red sauce next time because I think it'll have a better overall flavor.  The crust was a good consistency but not my favorite flavor when eating it at the end without toppings - reminded me of sour dough almost. 
We went on a Friday night and the wait was about an hour more than they told us which was frustrating. But they were nice about it and gave us a free beer for our patience. I would just be mindful of this on weekends. 
Overall pizza was great, fresh and had great toppings. Just wish the service was faster and the white sauce had more flavor, but that won't stop me from coming backOuch.   School cafeteria type of pizza. . Very disappointing in the pizza especially regarding the high ratings. The staff is amazing the place looks great it's very popular for live music but the pizza we ordered was second bestThis spot is my absolute jam! Since I first ate here about a month ago we have made it into our weekly Monday ritual. The combination of pizza and nice brew gets us through the beginning of the week. The pizza at Nola Pizza Co. has quickly become one of my favorites in the city, the crust is perfect and the sauce is just zesty enough to always hit the spot. Highly recommend the sausage and sage pie.I never leave reviews on Yelp. But this place is amazing. The absolute best crust in the city! Only place offering vodka sauce pizzas too. I highly recommend!Disclaimer: this review is written by a New Yorker, born and raised
I was attracted to this new offering from NOLA Brewing Company based on a highlight in Gambit. It boasted that the pizza was made with dough mirroring the ph and mineral content of NY water. As everyone knows, it's the water that makes NY pizza amazing. So I went on the second day opening since my pizza partner wasn't available on opening day (I'm taking applications btw). While my tastebuds weren't transported to NY, they tasted closer to central Jersey than any New Orleans pizza so far (besides Pizza Delicious, but for more on that, read my other reviews).
So, how was the pizza?! It was good: cheesy with the right amount of oil and sauce. They almost mastered the slightly gooey/soggy layer of dough with a chewy crust. We got plain slices for solid comparison and the mushroom onion slice for fun. We asked for sides of sauce, of course, which were good but lacked something...maybe garlic? The mushroom slice had a citrusy lemony note that was really good, but also could have benefited from garlic. So sad we found the garlic powder (and parm) after we finished eating.
Overall, will go back. Recommendations: add garlic knots, have more individual slices available, have beer and pizza pairings, and have more attitude if you want to evoke more of a NY vibe!Excellent Pizza served in a brewery.  Straight up or with all the fixings.  What more can you ask for?  Maybe delivery?Oh. My. God. May be the best pizza Ive ever had. We
Got the basil and vodka sauce and it's absolutely delicious. Chewy cheesy, saucy and crust is crispy! Can't wait to try the others. Plus they brought it out to my car :)Best pizza in town! I love the NY style slices and sauce. Perfectly executed. Walked in for take out order of the #10 pepperoni, basil and vodka sauce pizza. Bartender greeted us and reminded us to wear our masks until our pizza was ready. We were thankful for the reminder. All cooks wore masks and wore them correctly. We were able to see them baking our pizza through floor to ceiling kitchen windows which was pretty cool. My father ordered a beer while we waited for the pizza. We went to sit down at one of the socially distanced booths and he was able to take off his mask to sip his beer. We went at off peak hours so few people were there which helped with social distancing but I have seen this place jam packed during the day on weekends. I will definitely be a repeat customer. The pizza is on point. I like that they were requiring masks and have signs and touch less order & pay system.Located inside the NOLA Brewing Co. Vibe is awesome! Staff is wonderful. Large outdoor space. We saw a bluegrass band cover The Talking Heads. The energy was so joyous and fun. Pizza is phenomenal! Pepperoni pizza and the #10 square (vodka sauce, pepperoni and basil) were so delectable!!!Hands down, the absolute best Pizza you can find in New Orleans.  Straight up New York style pizza, with twist of New Orleans style at the same time.  Not to mention the fine beer you can grab at the brewery at the exact same spot.
If only they delivered.  I guess you can't have it all.I'm incredibly impressed with this place. After a long quest to find decent pizza in the city, this place does pizza justice. Pizza dough is thin and sauce is slightly sweet. I would highly recommend ordering. NOLA Pizza Co. may be my new pizza spot. Bonus points for being in the brewery.My friend and I went here for lunch and the service was amazing!! The gentlemen was so helpful and nice. We had the daily special. The white mushroom pizza was delicious. I like the sausage pizza that I had but I wish they had more cheese n sauce on it. We had the rose drink which was good. I ordered a special pizza to go for the kids. 
I love inside of the place  it was so fun. Love the barrels. Today was a beautiful day fo sit outside and enjoy the perfect weather.Tried this with a Yelp elite event and it was awesome. Taylor was great. The food was delicious. I will definitely be back.Pizza and beer, a match made in well you know. 
If you like thin, New York style crust this is your place! They actually use New York water for the dough so I dare you to find a more authentic pizza in town. 
I ordered the lunch special~two slices of pizza, salad & an oolong tea. My selections were the veggie and white pizzas and a salad. The crust is light so you don't feel like a stuffed glutten after eating the pizza.  I am not much of a crust person but it was hard to leave any on my plate.  The red and green peppers were sautéed which is different than what I'm accustomed to but it was tasty, just different.   The white pizza was delish but next time I'm asking for jalapeños for an added kick.  The dressings are made in-house and the garlic Ceasar dressing was simply divine. I will definitely be back for a salad~yes it made lettuce taste that good!
All of the wait staff were extremely friendly and helpful with selections. I love the fact they are willing to add or make substitutions to any order and it's not a big deal.Wonderful spot on a nice evening or for a quick lunch. Cheese pizza slices and a salad for the lunch special was a hit! Laid back atmosphere with friendly customer service. A great spot for a group too connected to NOLA Brewery with a nice selection of local beers on draft. Definitely will be back!Love this place! It's super convenient for a quick lunch stop during work, affordable, and delicious. I tried the lime beer as it came recommended than a friend and ended up having 3! It was like a classy Corona, you feel like you're on the beach in Mexico. 
Pizza is awesome, with a crunchier crust which I love. Salad was delicious, I highflying  recommend their Italian dressing.Great pizza! One of the best I have ever had in Nola. I tried a slice of the square pepperoni and I had another slice that was just cheese (I don't remember which types) and diff herbs. Both slices were delicious and left us wishing we had waited for a whole pizza (the wait time was over an hour). Cool vibe overall. We also had some great beer from the brewery to go with the pizza. Definitely can't wait to return.Atmosphere- place takes covid seriously! Asked for vaccination proof, all staff wore masks. Seating is tricky only 2 booths in the front. Order at the bar. 
Food - I love NY style pizza and this def hit the spot. The lunch deal is $10 and comes with small salad, 2 large slices of pizza and a beer. Great deal! The pizza was good, but I will say my slice looked a little old. It was room temp and not hot or fresh but still really yummy! A fresh pie would have taken this place over the top!Delicious!! Delicious!! Delicious!! It's always a risk trying a new pizza place in New Orleans because I'm such a pizza snob. Lived in NJ all my life until moving down south but Nola Pizza Co is now added to my top 3 favs.Enjoyed some delicious HUGE sized pizzas with football yesterday at NOLA brewing. Highly recommend the cheese and vodka sauce square pizza yum!!!!I was so thrilled to discover NOLA Pizza co. I love NOLA Brewery so I was on board to try something else from the place. I had a large pepperoni with extra cheese and it was perfect. Corn meal dusted bottom, not too thick - even with the extra cheese it was cooked all the way through and tasty. It was also a very generous size! I had to adjust shelves in my fridge to make room for the box. Also got the tirimisu, which was delicious, packaged in a round to-go container with a lid, smart compared to places that put a cube of it in a clamshell and it goes to hell the second you move it. I can't wait to try more.Cannot believe that this only opened last year because this is one of the best pizzas I've tried in New Orleans
Ordered a #5 with pancetta added to it and ate it to go. But the atmosphere was very comforting and inviting. I want to come back here to experience it in person where I can have that pizza again, this time with a nice cold beer.Who doesn't love new york style pizza? Found this place by accident but glad we did. The pizza is AMAZING and it does remind me of the pizza I've eaten while in NY. What I also love about this spot is that it is also a brewery so you can get a delicious beer to go along with your pie.
My favorite so far has been the mushroom lemon cream. Sounds weird but let me tell you, it is delicious. I love a white base pizza and these flavors together are amazingly good. We also tried the pepperoni,  and the white pizza. 
This is our new go to spot for pizza and it doesn't matter that we have to drive 45 minutes just to get it.I'm glad I got to swing by the NOLA Pizza CO. for lunch last week! It was a little out of the way and close to 3pm, so it wasn't very crowded when we got there. The staff were very friendly and thorough. They enforced wearing a mask inside the restaurant and checked our vaccination status upon entering, so it felt safe to eat inside.
They have an AMAZING value lunch deal. It's $10 for 2 slices of pizza, a side salad, and drink (alcoholic or not).  You can't beat that price for its value!!  We got two meals complimentary with a Yelp Elite Perk, and we purchased two extra slices to take home with us. The two kinds of pizza we tried was the veggie pizza and the white pizza (ricotta, parmesan, garlic).
Both types of pizzas were with a crispy thin Brooklyn-style crust, and that was fantastic!! Both were also loaded with cheese and toppings. I especially liked the white pizza because I'm a sucker for garlic, and it was bursting with flavor! The only complaint I had is that the pizza was not fresh. It seemed like it had been sitting in the display window for a while.  However, to be fair, I arrived close to 3pm and if it had been a slow day, maybe they didn't sell enough pizza to make a fresh one around that time that day! If the pizza had been fresh out of the oven, I am convinced it would have been phenomenal!
The side salad that came with the meal was yummy because I'm a cheese-lover and it was covered in cheese! They did NOT skimp on the cheese with these salads! It was a basic Caesar, but as a cheese-fanatic, I was in heaven!
As for the drinks, my boyfriend had one of their beers as his drink with the meal, and he said that was delicious.  He said he would like to come back for their beers sometime after work! I had a hibiscus sparkling tea, which was yummy too.
Thank you NOLA Pizza CO., for a great lunch!Tried out NOLA Pizza Co to check out their plate lunch and WOW--it was such a good deal. You get two slices of pizza, a side salad, and a beer or tea for $9.95! The veggie pizza was good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the green olives. Would definitely check out this deal again!I came here as soon as they opened to indulge in some tasty pizza. Today i came in for the lunch plate that includes 2 slices of pizza,, side salad and a draft beer or tea for $9.95. I grabbed a slice of pepperoni and slice of sausage pizza with a caesar salad and a rose hibiscus tea. The pizzas are freshly made and the sausage are made in house. The pizza have a nice thin crust with a crunchy bite that I loveeeee. Im a fan of Caesar salad so this was a nice side to go along with my pizza. I also had the rose hibiscus tea which was refreshing. I'm not really a tea drinking but this is definitely up my alley.
The service here is very welcoming. As soon as I walked in the door the staff greeted me before I ordered. The food came out super fast and the quality is A1. I also love that they have inside, upstairs OR outside seating. Since the weather is nice I chose for the outside seating.
Do I recommend... YES. The amount of food and affordability is something I always look for and the service makes me come back.