If you are looking for great food and atmosphere Oceana is the place to go!! Ask for the best server Emily!! I cannot say enough great things!Disappointing experience. ITEMS ON MENU DO NOT LIST ALL OF THE INGREDIENTS IN THE MEAL (that's gotta be some sort of food disclosure violation?)
We came at 8:30 a.m. and seemed like the first customers of the day.  Ordered the St. Louis benedict (4 stars). 
We also ordered the Maw Maw's cajun breakfast (2 stars) to-go.  On the menu, it says bacon bits, shrimp, scrambled eggs, and rice.  My girlfriend doesn't eat pork so we asked for the Maw Maw's without the bacon bits.  When the food came out, there was sausage and chicken in it as well.  I asked to send it back to have it made without the pork, but was told that I would be charged, even though the menu didn't list those extra ingredients.  Waitress made no attempts to even try to accommodate.  Did I mention we were the only ones in the restaurant?  I mean, it would make a little more sense if the place was packed and kitchen was bustling.  Baffling customer service response for a place with 3K+ reviews and 4 stars. 
With so many good cajun restaurants in the area, no need to deal with this nonsense.Not much of a seafood lover, so I played it safe with their fried seafood platter. Gotta admit, it was amazing! They do have items that cater to non seafood lovers. I ordered their blackened chicken po-boy. Equally as good!
Great and friendly service, paired with awesome food, made my visit most enjoyable!Really enjoyed the food and our waitress was so friendly and funny.  I had the crab cakes and with Sazarac for the drink. Great combo. We finished with the third special desert, browny with the Carmel praline sauce and ice-cream.   So good. Prices we reasonable for the area.This was our first place to eat in NOLA. The interior is pretty cool; we got to eat up stairs by a window, so we got to people watch as we ate. All the staff was extremely friendly, which was really nice after the craziness of the quarter, haha. We shared the fried platter that includes catfish, oysters, and shrimp ($20). I also got the Oceana Favorite drink, which is champagne, cranberry juice and peach schnapps ($7) which gave me a nice little buzz and it tasted good.Absolutely delicious food and incredible service. Highly recommend this restaurant. Family friendly too.The food here is GREAT!!!
Crab cakes, catfish, gumbo, pasta, dessert...I could go on. 
Expect to be in a food coma. 
We tried to make reservations, but we couldn't on a Saturday night. We went anyway and were very surprised to walk right on in!
Our server was Mike. Great service and an awesome N'awlins accent to go with it. 
I will be back!This is my second time dining at Oceana and once again, their service was awesome. We were greeted, seated, and served by people who possessed great attitudes. I ordered the 20oz steak paired with collard greens and garlic mashed potatoes. The potatoes were great. The greens weren't really seasoned to well and were kind of bland. The steak was cooked very nicely BUT the dry rub was a bit much. I was almost like it wasnt used to SEASON it but to COAT it and I ended up scraping alot of it off. I MAY BE WRONG, but upon my visit in July, I thought they served a bread and butter while you wait for entrees but that wasnt the case on this visit. ONCE AGAIN... I may have the restaurants mixed up. OVERALL, I enjoyed the meal and would definitely visit again. 
BTW... THERE IS A WAITER THERE NAMED DAVID. HE IS AMAZING. Ask for him. He will take care of you!We tried Oceana Grill for the first time mainly for the highly rated crab cakes. One of us had the crab cake platter which was rated as excellent. I had the Taste of New Orleans which has Creole jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice with smoked sausage, a little bit of everything I like. It was good with all of the various items having the correct taste and texture expected. We got there before the usual dinner time so we were seated immediately. The decor is clean and usual for a place in New Orleans. We had our order taken quickly and the food arrived in a decent amount of time. The did not have the IPA beer we wanted but the waiter, Todd, gave us a good suggestion.
If you watch the dynamics of a business you can quickly figure out that the wait staff have on blue shirts while the "bosses" have a burnt orange colored shirt. Just kind of strange to have the demarcation out in the open like that.
Recommend it.The food was mediocre to decent (pretty small portions for the price, the pasta was over cooked, the oysters weren't super tasty, the cream sauces covered the taste of the food itself), HOWEVER, the atmosphere is great, and the service was really normal - both of those things have been hard to come by here. It has been a welcome reprieve.I don't really get the negative reviews. I've been here several times and the place always amazes. They used to have turtle soup (probably the best cup of soup I've ever had), but sadly it's no longer on the menu. The etouffee is fantastic, and the blackened alligator is pure alligator -- meaning you get to savor the taste of its meat. Everyone I've come here with has always enjoyed their meal. This is a must-go-to whenever I'm in Nola.I finally decided to write a review after watching the episode of Kitchen Nightmares featuring the restaurant. 
I have been here on three separate occasions, usually when I visit NOLA for Mardi Gras - the first time was Mardi Gras 2010, then 2011, and last summer in 2013. From my first time to my last time, the restaurant's decor is still the same: tacky-ish, wonky colored carnivale-esque clutter. Each time I've eaten there, it's always been in the front room by the bar (I can point out each seat I was in) so my best friend and I, who's eaten there with me on two of those occasions, question where the white walls went that Kitchen Nightmares supposedly renovated. Basically, the decor didn't stick. It may be a nightmare to look at (the decor), but it's part of the restaurant so it wasn't a loss in my opinion. Plus, some online articles I found stated that the show actually didn't do much to renovate to begin with (it is a reality show, after all - Oceana's particular episode didn't really break down the changes and glossed over it so if they did put much effort into it, they sure weren't showing it off like in other episodes with a Before/After segment).
The food has always been good to me each visit, but I am a) not an expert on food prep of any kind and b) a tourist. I'm sure this would discount my opinion to some, but it is still an opinion of a visitor that makes a point to go each time. On two occasions, I had ordered the char-grilled oysters (which I know is available everywhere and I'm sure there are better places too) and the blackened catfish. I have never had a complaint for either dish and I finish the order every time. On my last visit, I went with two self-confessed foodies and they loved it as well. Their portions are generous and their desserts are insanely large though I'm fairly positive those aren't made in-house.
I have deducted a star because though Kitchen Nightmares is a reality TV show, I don't doubt that there is a pest problem, which really does cause me concern. One of my biggest fears are cockroaches and the streets of NOLA sure have their fair share that I've seen first-hand, so if that portion of the segment holds ANY truth, then I would certainly hope they at least cleaned up their act because if I do catch sight of something on a trip, they will lose a loyal customer and future recommendations. The owners made for great comedy and I sure hope Rami was able to get his brother Moe to see the light in really fixing things up. 
Hmm, seems I started to review the show and not the restaurant.
In any case, we would return on our trips as long as the pest problem is taken care of. Creepy enough, my second trip was within months of the show's airing so it's likely I would have eaten ex-Executive Chef Damon's style, which is terrifying to think about. I'm going to find my happy place now....
Give them a shot! If you see the owners (I have yet to), talk to the nicer one just in to be safe.This place was recommended by the lady at our hotel front counter for the "best sea food in town". We ordered the oysters Rockefeller with crab and boiled shrimp. It was some of the best seafood I've ever had. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone looking for amazing seafood. Our waitress Jennifer was amazing and extremely helpful with her recommendations for our meal.My husband & my go to everytime we go for our Bourbon stroll!! Love the food; it's always consistentThe food was incredible. I loved their grilled oysters a and po boys. The sauce that they use in their sandwiches where the best I've ever had. If only there was a oceana in California. The service was great abs the staff was friendly only downside wad that they took to long with orders and receiving and picking up the check.This was by far the best food since I have been in New Orleans. The food was spectacular and well priced. The server Deon was amazing. She was so nice and accommodating to our party of 7. Will definitely be back and hopefully Deon will be our server!My husband asked the kid checking us in at the hotel where the "locals" eat. He recommended this hole in the wall, Oceana. This is the best, most authentic creole food I've ever had. We shared the Taste of New Orleans sampler. Holy moly mother of God...it was amazing!!! The perfect combo so spicy and not too spicy with a little sampling of all the classics you want when in NOLA. Reasonably priced and the waitress was super sweet. We'll definitely be back!We were only in Nola for 3 days and ate breakfast there twice!  The service Errol gave us was awesome!  Personally, the biscuits and grave were beyond my expectations!  Soo delicious!  The bloody Marys were also fabulous!Unexpected. I was looking for a quick seafood stop and it worked out in my favor. The food was not as over priced as most of the places in the area. 
The wait staff was polite, some people dont think thats important or they take it for granted but its important. I had the taste of louisiana which is Oceana's sampler. Very good, you can see the cook making the gumbo in the kitchen, always a plus when he doesn't look like he hates his life. Atmosphere is dark, noise level was moderate. Great place, i would def recommend and I would go back again.Top notch.  Service was incredible.  Every person from our server to the chef that brought our food was on point making sure we were good to go! 
We had the blackened catfish special & jazzy crab cakes.  Sooo much flavor.  Also,  the  greens,  THE GREENS.  just eat them.  
So pleased with everything about our dinner at Oceana.This was my first time to New Orleans and this place was my first stop, so we went to do their brunch. Let me just say how friendly the staff was and quick to help you get seated.  They told us the specials on food and drinks, even did suggestions that would go great with our food. Our server was so friendly and even told us the best spots to go check out. 
Drinks came out fast and very tasty, food came out hot, didn't take to long but then again it wasn't as packed. I would say took no more then 10 minutes for all of us to get our meals. 
We did come back for their dinner which there was a line, this was around 5ish but again our party was only 3 in all together and only took us about 30 minutes to wait. Even though the place was full every staff member greeted us. Server was quick and always checked on our table. 
Dinner dishes are so good and I say their chicken, sausage gumbo was so mmm...yummy nothing like I've ever tasted and let me just add I tried some in Texas but not the same. 
Over all I give this place 10/10 Clean, Friendly, Fast and Outstanding Food.Loved this place!! The Taste of New Orleans is amazing!!! Two enthusiastic thumbs up!!Won't be going back. We were excited to try Oceana based on reviews...don't believe them. This was the worst meal we had on our trip. The house oysters were over sauced, the gumbo was good, the creole jambalaya was over sauced and not tasty, the Mardi Gras pasta was over sauced and way too expensive. We spent our time digging seafood out of the dishes without much luck. The manager didn't honor our online reservation nor did he even have the courtesy to tell us himself but forced the hostess to do it. Our waitress was slow on service and never asked why my entree plate was practically still full when she picked it up. If she had, she'd have learned it was too heavy on the cream, short on the protein and a bit gummy.Great food, great ambiance.  All the wait staff were so polite and courteous.  If your in the area,  Oceana is s must!!!On a visit to New Orleans, a seafood dinner is a must, right? On a recommendation from a local, we stopped by Oceana for the oysters we had been craving all day. 
We started with a plate of oysters. Fresh and salty clean, the oysters hit the spot. 
My friend ordered jambalaya. She's a local and seemed happy with her dish.
My bf and I split an order of the blackened bayou duck. As per usual, he also ordered french fries on the side. (Secret: He is always ordering french fries on the side...it's almost an addiction.) Anyhow, the duck was completely satisfying. Of course, blackened anything is darned good, right? It's hard to get wrong. On the flip side, the fries were blah.
Oceana obviously gets a lot of traffic. There were lots of families and larger groups eating. The ambiance reminded me of local seafood joint meets Applebee's. Initially, our waiter was perfunctory and efficient. There was nothing to complain about: he just seemed busy. At a few wise cracks from us, he immediately relaxed and joined right in.
For us, the duck was the biggest hit. The oysters were wonderful, too, despite our preference for Pac NW oysters. 
So, 3.75 stars for food. Good, even better than good, but just not great.
4.25 stars for service. Once he warmed up, our waiter was outstanding.
3 stars for ambiance. While they can't help being packed and a family-style joint, it does take away from the dining experience just a bit.
Total: 3.66, which I'll round up to 4.
It seems that tourists and locals alike are fans of Oceana. Expect main street seafood done right.Ok so the oysters Oceana I could do without. Worst chargrilled oysters I have had in the EZ. Shrimp Po Boy was much better, but not the best for sure. Service was prompt and good. No complaints there. All in all I say it's ok, but nothing special.The food here is delicious. The portions are healthy-sized, well maybe a little bigger than healthy-sized. I had their blackened redfish plate. So tasty and filling. I would highly recommend it. I would consider subbing their rice for something else as I thought it was the weakest part of the plate; their greens, however, were super delicious. 
Overall, I did think the cost of the plates were a little high for what you're getting. I went to several other places with equivalent vibes and food, and this seemed a little pricier than the rest.Ordered the fried and blackened alligator. The blackened gator came out somewhat cold. Fried gator was pretty good. Pasta jambalaya was ok. Ive tasted better at coplands.Has an amazing oyster, delicious food and great variety of drinks. Service was great.Pamela was a great server and made us feel very welcome. The St Francis Crepe was delicious!When we asked where to get good seafood, Oceana was recommended by hotel staff. Very disappointing, fried shrimp dinner was rubbery and greasy, blackened catfish was thin and overcooked to dry.  Quality of side items was just as bad.Take a walk down Bourbon St. and take in all the smells...that's what the food tastes like. Do not eat there!The redfish Ponchair  is amazing the fried catfish meal is enough for two. The best service I have received ever.Ordered on uber eats the crab cake and cajun fries. Food gave me a stomachache, it did not feel fresh. Only good thing was the sauce. Never again. :(We were seated quickly and we sat outside in a cozy little courtyard. The chicken alfredo with blackened chicken was DELICIOUS! I loved this entree, perfect amount of spice. The service was quick and efficient. I really enjoyed this place and would come back!Service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server Errol was on the ball! He checked in quickly and had everything out promptly. We started with crab cakes which were full of crab meat and delicious! The downsides were that our fries were soggy and the poboys were "overdressed" for our preference.My girlfriends and I are visiting New Orleans for the first time and this is our favorite restaurant so far. Hands down food and service is top notch (bloody Mary's #1). We plan on going back for breakfast tmrw!!Then y'all do come here! Oceana offers them as appetizers AND in you ask as an entrée! They are FRESH AND BIG as well as swimming in their tasty BBQ sauce. A little messy to peel but your reward will be in the TASTE! My partner had the fried crawfish tails and she said they also were mighty tasty! Crowded as it is very popular for a reason!I came for the oysters and they delivered. My server wasn't tell best but he wasn't the worst. My boyfriend thought his catfish & crawfish were alright and I thought his catfish was good. Will be back for those oysters thoughMy friends and I went here on our first night in Nola and I was fantastic. We tried a couple different apps before the main course and they were all fantastic. We had the oysters raw with there horseradish based sauce and it was great. My friend also had the garlicky  oyster dish and he loved it. We had the fried and blackened gator bites and wow amazing. My friends had the po boys and I had the taste of New Orleans and I must say it was a spiritual revelation for me. It was just ridiculously good.Food was delicious.  Had the taste of New Orleans - everything came out fast and was on-point.  Atmosphere was casual, jazzy/big band music, and friendly staff.Marvelous meal.  Redfish special was devine... crab cakes.. delish... bread pudding... yum yum yummy.  staff very helpful and very attentive to our needs.  We will probably go back before we go home...Everything everything great.Good food and great service. The food was good. We had gator bites as an appetizer and my husband and I had the seafood platter, which is a mix of catfish, gator, oysters, hush puppies, fries. It's a wonderful platter of crispy, fried deliciousness. Very pleased.This was the last meal of our weekend in New Orleans, and it was awesome!
We had the food delivered, and when it arrived, it was still hot and not dried out, so yay for the driver.
We ordered the gumbo - OMG, perfection; shrimp po-boy (tender and fresh shrimp, perfectly battered and lightly seasoned/not drowning out the natural flavor of the shrimp).  The barbecued shrimp are also awesome...
Everything was just perfect.  If it was that perfect on delivery, I can only imagine how great it is to dine in.
If you're in N'awlins, you won't go wrong with Oceana Grill.I loved this place! We came late on a Thursday night and there was so wait. Our waiter Shahan was extremely pleasant and patient with us. Everyone there the bus boy the hostess and other waiters were extremely polite and friendly. The food portions are large and worth it. The food was cooked fresh and quickly. I had the seafood platter and actually took half home. This is def a place to eat when in NOLA for real Louisiana taste.Loved our meal last night.  Great flavor, great service. 
We started with the chargrilled and Rockefeller oysters.  Both perfectly done.  We also had the crab cakes.  A generous portion of two, that fed four. 
The table had the shrimp creole, the red fish, the catfish special and the red beans and rice. 
Everyone was super satisfied with their choices. 
We finished up with coffee and the creme brûlée and bananas fosters cake. 
Everything was very well done. 
We'll definitely come back.The food here was delicious! Please try the blackened catfish and crawfish. Next time I come I will definitely try the seafood platter, I'm sure it's great!Came here on a recommendation from a bartender at a place on Bourbon. Was greeted pleasantly, sat promptly. Kevin C, our server, was fantastic. Incredibly knowledgable and personable, he made our dining experience great. He patiently waited as we mulled over the menu, offered recommendations and when I asked him what the best thing was on the menu without shrimp (allergy) he gave me a recommendation and offered to have the crawfish sautéed instead of fried in the same oil that the shrimp is. That is going above and beyond! The food was stellar, the service was great, too, and the hurricane was deliciously strong after a long day of meetings. I'll be back when I am back in NOLA in a month for our annual convention! Thanks Kevin for making our night memorable!This was the first restaurant my mom and I went to in New Orleans. We split crab cakes and a salad. Both were delicious. The line can get pretty long in the evening, but worth the wait.This is the BEST GUMBO in New Orlean. MUST HAVE. No doubt ab the chef, environment, friendly staffs... everything is excellent... ... the spot is so good inside Bourbon street (PUB street)3.5 STARS. Good food and service. The oysters were decadently presented and prepared. The gumbo was tasty and certainly worth ordering. The coffee was great! Service was pleasant. Value for the money: Expen$$ive.This was the only place open late on Tuesday night when we were visiting New Orleans. It wasn't very good, but the food wasn't awful either. The food is also not very fresh. It tastes frozen. I thought this place was a chain restaurant like Chili's. I asked the waiter and he said this is the one and only.
I can't remember exactly what drink we got, but it was very watered down. There was basically no alcohol in it. The barbecue shrimp was pretty good. It reminded me of an Asian dish my mom makes all the time. The shrimp was huge too. I had a Cajun Jambalaya pasta. It was very good, but I feel like there was a lot of dairy product mixed in. The alligator sausage was my favorite part. :)  My brother-in-law had the redfish. It was tasty, but rubbery. I assume it is because it might have been frozen. 
The service was great. Our waiter was very funny and helpful. The outdoor seating was beautiful. I wish we were sat out there. Overall, if you are up for a late night dinner and every where else is closed or has no more room.My friends and I stopped here for dinner before going out for the night. I cannot stop RAVING about this place! I have never met such a friendly, attentive, and welcoming staff. The food was stellar and the service was even better. It was the perfect place to get a little taste of the New Orleans culture! I am so glad we ate here!My family and I visited this place for dinner on a Monday evening. We had 6:30pm reservations. We were very surprise to see a line out the door when we arrived. I ordered the shrimp creole which was lukewarm and just "okay". My husband and son ordered the shrimp platter which looked, smelled and tasted amazing. The hush puppies with the shrimp platter were so so good with a spicy kick!!!! My daughter ordered shrimp Alfredo which she says she enjoyed. The icing on the cake was the bread pudding dessert. OMG, please do your sweet taste buds a favor and order this fantastic treat! What a way to end our BIG EASY meal in NOLA.Decent étouffée and Poboy but kinda run of the mill for New Orleans.Got the taste of New Orleans and there was nothing on there worth ordering again. Friend got a seafood platter and he didn't care for it. Pretty pricey, surprised there are so many good reviews but have good for them.Came here for a late dinner on our first night in New Orleans. We had just arrived and needed somewhere to get dinner. This place, located just across from our hotel was the perfect introduction to NOLA. We got the gator tail bites (highly recommend) and a rack of ribs. Food was good, service was good- a solid experience!George and I each had the seafood gumbo and it was truly amazing.  We could have just stayed with bowls of that. We then had shrimp and oyster po boys that were amazing.  We will be back before end of this trip!Yummy!!
This place was a good idea for our party of 8!
We had a little of everything but our favorites were the Duck Dish they had, their Red Beans and Rice and the BBQ Shrimp. 
The waitress we had was really short with us and was too intent on spitting out all of the information she had to tell us and would reprimand us by staring us down if she was talking and we were too...a little weird but not mean :)
I would go back for sure!Visiting NOLA this week while on business and I was looking for a place for all of us to dine last night. I had heard from several others in our hotel lobby that Oceana Grill (739 Conti Street) was a good place to experience authentic New Orleans cuisine. Plus, it was only a few minutes from our hotel and figured that would be a nice way to spend the evening.
We were impressed with everything here. I don't know a thing about Cajun food and didn't know what to expect, but it was really very good. Everyone recommended the jambalaya (not a surprise since we all heard this is THE dish get in New Orleans) and I can see why. It was great. Nicely spiced but not too over the top and filled with shrimp and Andouille sausage, which I'd never had before but really liked. In fact, I'm going to find a meat market on Bourbon Street and take several pounds with me back to Minnesota. I also had a delicious crab cake for an appetizer. It was nicely seasoned and fried just right, not too oily or over-breaded. You could taste the crab meat first and foremost.
The place was busy, but the staff was accommodating. Our waitress and hostess both were very friendly and we had the owner drop by our table and ask us if we were enjoying our meals. Everyone was very friendly and all of this, along with the good food, will bring me back next time I'm in Louisiana. 
The prices are not bad at all and are right on the mark with all the other establishments that we have frequented in New Orleans this week. We were so happy with our visit that we might just stop here for breakfast in the morning before heading back to Minneapolis tomorrow afternoon. 
I really liked Oceana and would definitely return here! Thanks for making our trip to NOLA a memorable one!Good place to come to with family. Although the design of the place didn't seem to smart. Was sitting at a table with my family with a view of the stairs and I saw a waiter trip going up the stairs carrying a bucket of dishes. Luckily he wasn't carrying people's food! Great service though, and definitely recommend people trying this place at least once on their visit to NOLA.What can i say...RAMSEY. This manager basically ruined the whole experience. From the stand point of another manager in the industry. Shame on you RAMSEY. It was uncalled for. You are rude. You need to rethink you customer service tactics and even reevaluate if you really should be in this industry. I made sure to over tip Allison the bartender to make up what you lacked in professionalism. Just know if you come to this place and order a steak and ask for medium and send it back 3 times. RAMSEY isnt going to ask you if you would like something else instead. Hes going to tell you that you have to pay for it NO MATTER WHAT. He is also going to just throw your already sliced open steak back on the grill. If you know anything about steak this is A EPIC NO NO. Thanks RAMSEY for ruining my meal. Thanks for ruining my boyfriends meal. Thanks for making your employees lose money for your lack of very basic customer skills. Please NEVER apply for another managment position. The only thing you managed to due was completely turn me off to your resteraunt. Please never treat another paying customer like this again. Being a bully isnt cool.We wanted to end our trip in NOLA with Gumbo, and Yelp had a 10% off check-in deal, and we were 10 steps away from it, so why not? They boast to have the "world's best gumbo", and it's pretty good! The rice and bread served with the gumbo left some to be desired though. Oysters were fresh and delicious, not much of a "fishy" taste.This is one of my favourite restaurants in the French Quarter.  The food is excellent, and the prices are considerably cheaper than other restaurants in the area.   A dozen oysters is $12 here as compared to $15.50 at Acme.  BBQ shrimp and the duck was excellent. My wife had the pecan crusted drum, and it was fabulous.   Portions are large as well.  We come here every time we visit New Orleans.We loved all the food that we ordered. Appetizers, entrees, and desserts! Service could have been much better.Great and convenient place right across from my hotel. The staff are friendly and great to talk with,  the food is soo gooooooodddddddddd lol. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and there open pretty late so whenever your hungry come here for some good food drinks and all the friendly staff, from behind the bar to the servers and greeters.Great French toast and crab cakes! And the Maw Maw's breakfast is delicious! And don't forget to get a Hurricane.Everything Errol recommend was the bomb dot com. Thank you, Errol for a great experience.Excellent food. Excellent service. Friendly staff. A totally outstanding experience. The catfish lafouche was perfect and my wife had delicious jazzy crab cakes. Totally worth the short wait.
I saw many families here and everyone was having a great time. I would absolutely come back again.I wish I could separate the stars! Let's just say FIVE stars for our server MICHON. She was outstanding and attentive. Our drinks never were empty never had to ask. She knew the menu and recommended a few things. The food well fair. Nothing I'd slap my mama for. My daughter just wanted a grilled piece of tuna. Well it was rare which is the way we all like it but it have no flavor except one. Fishy! So it wasn't as fresh as we had hoped. I had BBQ shrimp and it was my fourth restaurant to try it and this one came in third out of the four. Not spicy enough and the sauce was odd to say the least. Wasn't BBQ looked like a rue dark. The bread was pretty good. Also had shrimp fettuccini. Again nothing that said wow! Hubby had a good shrimp poboy. So at least he was happy. 
THE BEST THING WE ORDERED WAS THE GATOR BITES. TASTED LIKE CHICKEN. LOL. THEY WERE PRETTY GOOD. Whether they were real gator who knows. They were good. Lol! 
So food a 2.5 star but service was definite 5 star! Atmosphere was pretty neat. But well it was tourist food. So there ya go.I visited Oceana back in January during the polar vortex (not an ideal time to visit...anywhere), but I have to admit we ended up here twice in one day. First for the barbecue shrimp, gumbo, and a delicious ragin' cajun bloody mary and then late that night for some jambalya and oysters, Oceana style. All the food was super tasty except for the oysters which were doused in some kind of overloaded sauce that was just too much to handle. The restaurant seems like a tourist trap, but for a taste of that famous New Orleans cuisine it's the place to go. We also had a GREAT server named Tiffany. 
Definitely worth a visit!I love this place! They have some of the best fried oysters in the city. The service is usually pretty good as well. The only thing that I don't like about this place is that they don't have happy hour but its definitely on my list of must try places for visitors.First of all, excellent delivery service for a Saturday night.  One of the only places in Louisiana with a decent amount of vegetarian friendly meals, and that's me being nice.. there were like, 3 options.  
By the way, bananas foster is not supposed to be an ice cream cake. Might want to change the title/ description if you're going to have it on your menu. 
It was alright, but I'm going to continue to search for better vegetarian food in Louisiana.I can see why most people suggest going here if you're in the area. What a great experience. 
When you arrive at night you'll most likely see a line with at least 20 people waiting. Don't let this discourage you, it's worth it!  We waited in line for  about 20 minutes and once we were inside service was quick. We ordered drinks and food. Drinks came and not even 5 minutes later we were diving into our entrees. 
The crab cakes were incredible. The sauce just added to the seafood goodness. I got the corn casserole. I wasn't expected the burst of flavors and seasoning. It tasted amazing!  Everyone in my party loved their dishes. I have nothing bad to say about this place whatsoever.If you are NOT sure what you want to eat, ASK! The waiter reccomended the BEST food.
Crab Cakes with Potato and Zuccini----YUMMY
MY Husband ate the Ribs---OMG!
Service was wonderful.
We split an awsome Cheesecake!Our first night we stopped here and had the gumbo and blackened shrimp fettuccine. We were floored by the food, especially the shrimp fettuccine! The sauce was cheesy with just enough spice! We decided to go back for dinner again the next night. We had the crab cakes and again the blackened shrimp fettuccine! The staff was awesome, especially Fatima. She was friendly and offered suggestions. I'd definitely be back for crab cakes and shrimp fettuccine again!For the price, not worth it. 
We went in a big group and were seated in the upstairs area, which has a nice ambiance on sunny days. For appetizers we got the oysters, which were quite good. The rest of the meal was average at best. Except for the crabcakes and blackened fish, we didn't really like any of the entrees. My etouffee didn't have any fish in it at all! Never seen a place where the fish in a "crawfish etouffee" was a $5 optional extra, and the gravy and rice (which they gave me) cost $17. And our desserts seemed to be taken straight out of the fridge - the pecan pie and creme brulee were both served dead cold.
One last thing - 3 people in our group of 12 started feeling queasy in the afternoon/evening after our lunch. My wife had to skip dinner to avoid throwing up. So maybe some of that seafood isn't of the highest quality.Service was real good. Thank you Lloyd. 
Had the gumbo which was ehhh ok didn't have anything but rice in it 
Alligator bites were delicious though and highly recommend going with the blackened.Things don't get no better than great food at a great price!!! I love the Seafood Platter & Oysters! We actually going today!Loved the grilled oysters. Alligator bites were also quite tasty. Side Caesar salad was subpar. Errol was our server. He was great. Loved his voice and friendly demeanor!