Old Absinthe House is a New Orleans icon, and I agree with other reviewers that it is a respite from Bourbon St.  It's basically pretty low key - an old dive-type bar, serving drinks (not 4 for 1 daiquaris out of a machine).  We stopped by for Sazeracs which were satisfactory, but the rating is more for atmosphere and people watching.  Try to sit at the part of the bar nearest Bourbon St. for people watching.  The "zombie walk" is quite amusing from here, and occasionally a reveler will stick their head in, and seeing the sedate atmosphere, immediately exit.Dark and dirty....with a cool vibe.  The absinthe was very pricey....go to Pirates Alley instead!A chill, Day Drinking Spot!  They have Coors Light and a Jukebox!  Shifting gears for the night......Cheers!Got super excited about this experience . I had not had this drink properly concocted  like I had seen in films . Had it not been so packed and super loud  I would have had a better experience . Probably my fault fantasizing about it being a certain way.On our first night in NOLA we decided to stroll along Bourbon on a Sunday night.  For Bourbon it was pretty mellow overall and we did not want to get an alcoholic slurpy.  Looking for a place a little different, so when we spotted the Absinthe House we decided to partake in their namesake drink.  I live in LA and $15 for a drink is not uncommon, but for NOLA that is definitely on the high side.  The overall place was alright but the bartenders were pretty aloof.  Of course I really don't blame them.  If I had to deal with obnoxious drunk frat boys all night long, I would be a little pissy as well.Stopped here for our last drinks in New Orleans before heading to bed for an early flight home. I got the absinthe frappe, which was decent, my family stuck to traditional absinthe. They let the street artists wander around inside looking for a quick buck, and my mother had this guy draw her picture. It was just weird to me that they let them do that, but hey when in rome I suppose. They also have a jukebox with typical new orleans themed songs and more popular summertime hits. I apologize to everyone in the bar that night because my mother played that Kid Rock all summer long song about 10 times in an hour.First, the Bad:
The place is touristy, the beer selection isn't good, the liquor selection is passable, and the prices are high.
Now, the Good:
The Absinthe. They serve it with a flashy twist on the traditional style: they light it on fire. Hard core absinthe conisuers will snub their nosess at this, but it does nothing bad to the absinthe, but is does make for a fun experience.Don't go! Went last night (3 locals) and had the worse, most overpriced drinks eva! Been there MANY times and never encountered such rude, unprofessional bartenders in my life. Although I love the atmosphere, I'll NEVER go back! Pass it by and go up the street to the Chart House, where you will encounter cool folks, great drinks and NICE, attentive servers. Such a shame that this iconic place is being run into the ground by a bunch of nasty servers, who appear to hate what they do for a living.We came here for the Sazerac, believe it or not! The absinthe drinks run about $20 a pop, so we went for cocktails (~$13 each). My boyfriend got the Sazerac and I got a Ramos Fizz, a NOLA drink id heard about but hadn't seen at other bars. It was yummy and worth a try! This bar itself is very tiny, but unique.Madcrazy overpriced.  Filled with typical Bourbon Street nimrods.Cool bar.   Just a low key place where you can have a drink.  Bartenders are really friendly and will joke around with you.   We have a lot of fun here and frequent a lot.This is my second visit to the old ab house. The first time was definitely memorable...in a good way. The second was the exact opposite. I'm thinking the experience is dependent on the bartender and the bartender this time simply sucked. She said, "what do you want?"  I had a few questions, she walked away. My husband tried too....nothing. We finally ordered a sezerac for me and a Mata Hari for him. The sezerac was way to heavy on the bitters and the mata hare was a big glass of yuck. We had the same drinks last time and they rocked--sorry the drinks and the service affect the experience so much.Skip it. Out of ice in august? Bartenders beyond slow and unpleasant.Had  a delicious and extremely strong breakfast hurricane here, it was a cool old place to kill a little  time in the morning before bourbon street crowded.I'm not a very huge drinker but in New Orleans, it is so ingrained in the culture, and like the saying goes, When in Rome !!!!!! The French Quarter is so alive all the time and full of these bars with character to spare!!! I found NoLA to be like the anti-Vegas---less sleazy, scoring low on the douche/skank factor, ridiculously cool,  and bursting with genuine culture. My friend got an absinthe drink (that contraption with the spoon and sugar cube was enough reason to order the drink) while I enjoyed the light and refreshingly cool Pimm's Cup, recommended by the bartender. Drop by this funky pirate's den for a good drink and a break from the crowd. Thumbs way up for the surprisingly clean bathroom.I went there back in April during Jazzfest, me and a few buddies just went bar hopping in Bourbon Street. The atmosphere is amazing! This is the oldest bar in New Orleans and is quite historic. Being old fashioned I heart this place more than the other bars I crashed in. I tried the Old Fashioned and the hurricane drink and whoa! it was definitely a new experience for me . It's expensive but I will soon return for part 2!!It's basically what everyone has said. 
It's a dark dirty grimy NOLA staple. Service is usually meh and the Absinthe is expensive. 
You should probably go once. Probably. 
Should you get anything other than Absinthe here? No. 
Should you expect much in regards to experience. Meh.
And that's it. That pretty much sums up this place. (Shrugs)At first glance - nothing special vs other bars on Bourbon.  But then - I spy a couple getting an absinthe drink.  The bartenders serve it up traditionally or in unique cocktails, so if you've never tried absinthe this would be the place to do it.  The way they serve it up is part of the experience of ordering the libation.Hole in the wall bar with a fireplace and popcorn machine right on the corner of Bourbon and Bienville.
It has been said that this bar has been visited by many a historic persons like Mark Twain, Franklin Roosevelt, Oscar Wilde.. Yet, I'm thinking it's not quite THEE same or even quite the same location it once was.. Fun, nonetheless. There's sports memorabilia all over.. business cards covering a wall.. The thing that stood out the most for me was when we were sitting at the bar, you're sitting low. Like, usually you can sit at a bar and rest your forearm comfortably and grip your beverage but here-- the bar was near my head. The stools sit low. That was different. But they have hooks to hang your bag on the bar! Woot.
Good stop.
Try a signature cocktail.So this is also one of the oldest bars in Louisiana. Lots of famous, historic people have come here including Mark Twain, Roosevelt and Frank Sinatra!
I had two types of drinks---the Sazerac and Clandestine Absinthe (106 proof for~$20). I thought both were strong, but of course particularly the latter. It's real absinthe from Switzerland (birthplace of absinthe)---with the intense licorice aftertaste. I couldn't even finish it since it tasted pretty bad haha. It's only ~50% alcohol but that was enough to get me. 
Anyhow, it took awhile to get my drinks, and it wasn't so much a busy night. I also got carded, ugh. Service was just less attentive. There was a street brawl occurring right outside of this establishment (it is Bourbon street afterall) with cops starting to surround the emerging crowd. Low and behold, my two friends almost got caught up in it. Some crazy moment that was!15$ Absinthe House Frappe. 
I understand the liquor and the mysticism and everything behind it. I understand the necessity to over charge tourists on things they may not get anywhere else. But seriously? Ew. Get drunk somewhere else, and swing in to have one beer and enjoy the atmosphere.While absinthe is not something you'd drink (or should) drink on a regular basis, this place was a total gem and cute find during our recent stay in New Orleans.  Our cocktail tour brought us here as our last stop and we enjoyed learning about absinthe and seeing the bartender (who was an absolute doll) make the concoctions.  It was a little too strong for our liking so she poured it over ice and added some root beer.  The outdoor shaded seating was also an added bonus on a VERY hot and humid day.Seem like a nice friendly place I didn't only had a drink a the front bar and it was early in the night so it was quiet but I would come back to have another shotMy experience at the Old Absinthe Bar was unique in that the bar was DESSERTED. My mom and I popped in for, what else, some Absinthe, during the Sugar Bowl. With all the Virginia Tech and Michigan fans that had flooded the city during the day busy at the superdome, we had the bar, literally, to ourselves. 
We were shown all the absinthe options and given a little explanation of each one by our very knowledgable bartender, Jessica. A second bartender even made sure I knew the correct Sazerac technique after noting the "sazerac kit" I put together from Vieux Carre Liquors earlier that night (herbsaint rinse, rye whiskey, 3 dashes peychaud's, 2 dashes angostura, mix with ice, drain into glass with lemon rind). 
What really stood out was the tour we took. Having read the yelp reviews and seeing someone had suggested to take a tour, we immediately asked our bartenders if that was an option. Jessica quickly went to make sure Jason, the resident tour-giver, was around and available - and lucky for us, not only was he around, he was very bored (again, Sugar Bowl, the place was dead). 
Jason is studying to be a history professor and it shows - not only did he tell us tales of the Laffite brothers, Andrew Jackson, Napoleon etc etc, but he did it with such gusto! Truly fascinating. Even my mother, who not an hour before was begging me to go back to the hotel to sleep, was completely absorbed in the story. Very very cool, and HIGHLY recommended. 
Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll be sure to try and grab a drink in the back bar, it's separated from Bourbon street with a massive slab of wall (brick?), so it's isolated from the noise and bustle and features the original bar, ove 200 years old. It's where you would expect mob bosses to meet and make deals (probably also were the DID meet and make deals). Very cool, very quiet, very refined.The Old Absinthe House is a dive with pricey drinks.  This would be ok if the quality of the drinks was consistent.  In the afternoon, I had a very good Ramos Gin Fizz but the next evening it was horrible.  The thing to keep in mind is that if you standing at the intersection where Old Absinthe is, there are much bars a short walk in any direction.  I'd skip this one.Awesome bartender dope spot in the midst of a not so impressive Bourbon street 
Tried absinthe - kinda gross but interesting and now can check off the bucket list!
This place was cool because of its history and local'ish'ness vibeReally enjoyed our Bloody Mary's and the waitress was...fairly friendly. But, there's a big crowd so I would NEVER want her job! ;-P
Fun atmosphere with all the walls open to walk straight in from the sidewalk-great fun! In and out. Then, in again! HahaIf you are a first timer in New Orleans and wanting an Absinthe experience in an old New Orleans bar, this is definitely not a place to skip. Perhaps it's one of the more famous bars in New Orleans. They do the sugar cube and fire over the drink which is exactly how it should be.
Get ready to pay $20-30 for a little glass of it though. I've been here twice and feel like it's more of a touristy thing to do then anything. It's a harsh tasting drink that tastes like black liquorice. If you drink it fast enough, you'll catch an interesting buzz.
Next time though, I'd rather spend that money on a bottle of Jack.I want to give this bar more stars, but it gets a little lost in the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street, and comes out less of a true absinthe bar, and more of a bar with "Absinthe" in the name. Don't get me wrong, they will pour you absinthe and even light sugar on fire for you, but this feels almost like some sports bar that was converted almost as an afterthought. Honestly, if it was in another part of the city, I think it'd have a better time of being something other than a glorified Daq-shack.Was expecting to get a cocktail with absinthe in it, but even their Sazerac doesn't have absinthe. We asked if they would make that for us and the answer is yes but you would have to pay for the absinthe (around $20) plus an up charge for the rest of the drink. And it looks like a dive bar, so you're not paying for the atmosphere. I got a decent gin and tonic for $10. The bar tender was very nice and working as fast as possible but for some reason she was the only one serving the whole bar. So unfortunately the service was slow too. Disappointed overall but if you're willing to pay an arm and a leg you can get a big glass of absinthe.The variety of character in the diff establishments right in the middle of a major tourist area is what blows my mind most about Bourbon street. Across from Hustler club is a place like this, a true dive bar that is as real as they come. The waitresses here are friendly locals, ready to share a story or poke fun with ya at the drunk tourists. They were playing a Simpsons marathon when we went in, so we knew we had found a good place. 
When in Rome ... So I had to try the Absynthe. She handed me a menu with full descriptions and I chose Grande. She did the whole production. Sugar cube on fire, water mix. It was awesome. And the drink was very nice. We hung out here for over a hour just chilling with the ladies and enjoying our cocktails.Just slightly off the main strip of Bourbon, The Man and I casually walked in here for a mid afternoon drink.  The Man being from Virginia still gets a lil starstruck when he recognizes an actor or actress.  I think it's rather cute.  Anyway...  he noticed the guy sitting across from us was the dude from 3rd Rock From the Sun.  Not John Lithgow or the youngest dude that played Robin in the latest Batman flick, but the other guy.  Ya.. you know which one I'm talking about.  The quirky one.  Anyway, I noticed the bartender pouring a Jack into a water glass almost to the rim with a splash of coke.  I looked at her in awe as she said to me, "It's a double" and handed it to quirky actor guy.  He ended up drinking a couple of these and still managed to walk out checking his twitter feed.  Much respect for quirky actor guy.
Needless to say, my man had 2 drinks and was plastered.  This is not an easy feat.  He's a professional drunk.  
Go to this bar.Really cool and chill atmosphere specially to be right off of bourbon street. Only thing is the absinthe was pretty expensive. We got the grande absinthe for 19 bucks, but let me tell you! Absinthe is that drink to either get you in the mood, or chill you out after an argument ijs.I would consider this a must see bar in New Orleans. It is allegedly the oldest bar in the city and it def looks like it when you walk in. The seating is sparse and there is typically only one bartender so if it's busy it's not to easy to get drinks quickly. Our bartender was very old school and not the most experienced person I've ever made my drink seeing that we had to tell her our order 3 times before getting it right and she even forgot the water we asked for. One plus is that there is a cozy fire in the back of the bar so if it's cold out and you need to warm up, there are a few tables by the fire. The entire bar is plastered with people's business cards for whatever reason. I would suggest coming in here for one drink, two at the most but def don't plan your night around this place. It's boring real fast.The bar has a good vibe.  Old and new business cards cover the walls and (very dusty) football helmets hang above the bar.  There is also a fireplace that is lit and great during the colder nights.  
The Absinthe will run you $18+ a glass.  Very cool to watch them make, not so good to drink...but I'm not an Absinthe drinker.  Food is ordered from a neighbouring restaurant which is good, just not what you'd expect.  A definite must visit.Stopped in for our last stop of day drinking and by now I have learnt - alcohol ain't cheap in NOLA. Just like any spots along Bourbon St, your guess is as good as mine as to how much drinks are. BUT it is vacation... or so I told myself.
The place looks old (historic would be the nicer term) and probably has some history behind it (but no one told me any stories). Bartender lady came across as a no-nonsense type. I asked what's their signature drink and she pointed to a sign on the wall.
Absinthe at 1pm on a Monday sounded like a bad idea, so I went with the Ramos Fizz. BF got a pint of cheap beer (in theory, not in price - I think it was $5)
Here comes the fun - bartender cracked an egg, raw egg white went into a glass (MY glass to be specifi). Then more things went into the glass, including a few drops of I-don't-know-what-but-that's-a-white-vinegar-shaped-bottle. All topped off with milk and she shook it all up and now I have myself a Ramos Fizz. All for a "bargain price" of $12!
BF looked at me with a certain disgust on his face and said "you better like it because I'm NOT drinking that." Even I wondered what I have done. But NO WAY I'm wasting a $12 drink - so with a little reservation I took a sip, AND IT WAS GOOD! Not strong though, and for $12 I would have wanted more liquor.
Overall it was a fun experience - rather pricey, but it was different. The place was unique, friendlier service would have helped (maybe tell me something about the joint?). If you do stop in, do give the Ramos Fizz a try!The best on Bourbon St.
The atmosphere here is completely different than the rest of Bourbon... a welcome little escape from the chaos where you can have a good cocktail, chat with your bartender, and maybe learn something new about absinthe.
Shout out to my girl Julie who knows a thing or to about making a drink and has that Southern hospitality on deck! Having her as our bartender was completely worth the trip to Bourbon St alone.Great place to hang out. Don't bother getting any absinthe - I was warned away from what passes as the green fairy there by the bartender herself and opted for Irish whisky instead. Still a great place, and one of the most convenient for those "I'm strolling through the French Quarter and need a bloody mary to go" stops.  Met a few characters there, including one guy who had one of those unique Louisiana first names, like Everett, or Beauchamps or Atticus or something, who said, "I've had 24 girlfriends and I have two kids and I'm not gay." Not that I'd asked or anything... He said it five times, at least, while buying my drinks and staggering around with his own, and with the four top buttons of his shirt undone. Despite this dishevelment he was a gentleman. And I was not accosted.
Another thing - I forgot my debit card there (well, you know, it was a long night and I needed to head over to a jazz club across town with a photographer I'd met from Getty and I'd had a few whiskies and ....) and picked it up the next morning, paranoid that someone had used it while it was out of my hands. Not to worry - it was safe.I like this place because it's right on street corner in heart of Bourbon street. Their absinth is pricey but yummy. Hot dog cart outside woohoo!I never tried absinthe.  The great-dressed bartenders knew the product inside and out and recommended some to try based on my taste preferences. 
Great service, in an upscale dive with a variety of absinthe to try.  Absinthe is about $20-$30 per glass.  It's served in smaller wine-esque glasses with a sugar cube atop a strainer, lit on fire, then water is added to dissolve the cube and transform the clear-green liquid to an opaque potent concoction.  Even the not-so-licoricey flavor tasted of licorice.  My tongue became slightly numb after drinking it.  I was feeling pretty good after this glass for a liquid lunch!Bar.
A good dive bar for quick drinks. Their Bloody Mary is really tasty here. The bar is located right on bourbon street so there are many tourists in here. Waitresses are very friendly here. A bar I will be returning to because of good Bloody Marys and friendly service.They have specialty cocktails and it's Bourbon Street.  I'm not sure where you can go wrong.  The server was... not so smiley but knew her stuff.  I'm sure she says it a million times of day.  Cool insides- business cards everywhere, old football helmets, brick.  It's cool.I'd give less stars if possible. 
Came for the experience and rude bartender couldn't even light the sugar cubes.Way overpriced for such horrible service. 
Would only recommend to worst enemies.Finally made it here after all these years. $30 for 2 weak drinks by bartenders who could give a sh** that you came by to interrupt their day. Don't bother.Only reason for a 4 is I probably need some food on the menu - it's a great bar   Famous for absinthe drinks (surprise!) but any drink is high quality and the atmosphere is cool - fireplace, business cards staples to the walls and hand drawn portraitsI really liked this place. It wasn't too loud any time we went. The absinthe is GREAT and the bartenders pour it well. On our second visit, we didn't get such great service, and one of the bartenders kind of ruined a mint julep for us, but we still drank it! Be warned, the absinthe is STRONG and EXPENSIVE, expect $15-20 a glass, but i promise it's worth it!if u wanna party the right way stop here 1st off plane get a couple absinthe shots in they sort of pricy but worth it, good way to start having a fun timeJean laffite's blacksmith shop is one of our favorite places in New Orleans, due to the affiliation we decided to try the Old Absinthe house-- biggest waste of time and money. The service was among the worst we  have ever experienced and the drinks surely did not have the accurate alcohol amount. 
The lady behind the bar was nearly insulting she was so rude; She put a splash of alcohol in the mixed drinks; all while complaining about wanting to leave and get off as early as possible. 
Worst New Orleans experience ever.Really cool bar. Did not drink absinthe like my friends but enjoyed searching the walls of business cards. Found a few from current and recent employers. Stop in. Neat bar.Typical Bourbon street dump.  Lots of better choices even on Bourbon O, street.  the smell was so bad couldn't get myself through the door.Great place to drop in and grab a drink.  I've been coming here forever.  Great place to catch a game!Looks like an oldest bar around bourbon street. If you love absinthe, you should give it a try during day time. Unless you want or like to squeeze into the rowdy crowd at night. I'm not a fan so only giving 3 stars. Waitresses were average.Cool dive bar.....vintage football helmets hanging from the ceiling, business cards lining the walls, tasty drinks.  Loved the fireplace!  This is a unique and interesting spot, indeed.  The bar stools are too short for an average height person to sit comfortably at the bar.Went there last night,my beer was not good coming from the tap of Coors lite. But,my wife long island was good tho.Rude server, weak, pricey drinks. Go to Laffite's blacksmith shop instead-- better ambiance, stronger drinks, friendlier crowd. #YOLOLots of locals warned us not to bother with Old Absinthe House; they said it was touristy, overpriced, and that there were better places to get absinthe cocktails. However, at 10 AM on Sunday, they seemed to be the only bar open, so we ended up going in. I have to agree that the drinks were a bit overpriced, and not the best cocktails I had in New Orleans, but they were still fairly good. The bar had a surprising number of people in it, considering how early it was, and a chill, laid-back vibe, though I'm guessing it's less chill and laid-back later in the day. The sazaracs were a bit too sweet, but otherwise pretty good. At $10 though, they were on the more expensive end of the price spectrum, and this was the diviest bar we had them at, so definitely a bit overpriced.Terrible service. Only the barback around and he just kept staring without explaining where the service was. Waited 15 min and then just left..  I have been coming here for many years.   I love absinthe and they have a good variety.   I hate Bourbon Street but I like absinthe.  7 choices here and all good.  They do know how to serve it.  Study up before you arrive.  I have had this with Belgian friends so I enjoy it. I have had such excellent service here every time I stopIs it old? Is it a dump, that looks as though the entire building could collapse, at any point. Yes, and this is why this place is so great. Tons of character here, and this place will be a must stop, each and every time we come to NOLA.
Friendly bartenders, and most importantly, they serve absinthe- the real way. Expensive. Well, yeah, but what the hell do you expect being on Bourbon. At $19+ for the Grand Absinthe, it's not something you'd slam down like a shot. Sip it, and enjoy it. I mean at 134 proof, what moron would slam it. Ok, maybe I know a few that would...
Overall, a really cool vibe. Unlike most bars on Bourbon, this place seems to be a more relaxed, older crowd. We chased the "Green Fairy," but unfortunately, I didn't experience any hallucinations. Maybe next time, I'll drink two, and see what fun evolves.
Good times!I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
A visit to the Old Absinthe House was #1 on my list of things to do, and we went there on Friday afternoon, right after returning from the airboat ride through the bayou. (That was fun too)
I have long been intrigued by the whole absinthe ritual. Unfortunately, the absinthe fountains at the Old Absinthe House no longer function, and they light the sugar cube on fire with is a showy touch but apparently a modern affection. Still, I ordered Absinthe for my compadres and I. 
Absinthe isn't something I could have all the time, but we enjoyed the adventure. We returned every afternoon (the bar is small and gets crowded quickly in the evening) for another drink before continuing on down Bourbon Street. (I kept on with the Absinthe). 
Our last stop in New Orleans before going to the airport was to go to the Old Absinthe House for a mint julep. 
Unexpectedly, the bar is NOT particularly fancy inside but I do appreciate it's history.The bartenders should know the drinks! I ordered a mint julep, but ended up with bourbon over ice with some squished mint leaves in it (even their menu stated it would have simple syrup in it, but nope absolutly nothing sweet or good about this drink) after a failed attempt to get it fixed I decided to try my husbands drink, he got the Absinthe Suissesse which after waiting 5 min to get (bartender claimed in the 3 years she worked there she had never made it, um 1. shouldn't you know how to make the drinks on your menu and 2 no wonder my mint julep was so yucky) the drink was really good (hence the 2 stars) WARNING if you do not like the taste of black licorice do not order this drinkabsinthe...yummmm...fireplace for the cold nights...the rest is like you read already...expensice...service spotty...but still cool.Last time I was in New Orleans, absinthe was illegal and we had to make do with Jagermeister -- This time I had a properly prepared absinth cocktail at The Olde Absinthe House. The bartender did the whole thing with lighting the sugar cube on fire quite spectacular and cost $16. from there we moved on to  sazeracs... plantar's punch and I'm not sure what happened after that.This is a very good place.  It is in the "Red-Light District" of Bourbon Street and is a much appreciated welcome sight to see than all those peep-show establishments.
The bar is rather small.  Actually, that is pretty much all that is in the room.  There is a small bathroom in the back that is very dirty.  Well, most bathrooms in the Quarter are dirty because people are usually to drunk and pee and let gravity take over.
One good thing, and pretty smart in my opinion, is that they offer free popcorn.  Makes you want to drink more.
I am a big fan of mojitos now.  Mostly because they taste good and have less calories than most other drinks.  Something like 150 calories.  
The mojitos here are pretty good.  They used a bit too much mint, but that was okay.  The drink was very good and there is nothing like walking the historic French Quarter with a refreshing mojito in your hand.Fun little place, although I like the Pirates Alley a little better.
I am an absinthe nut.  I love love love the stuff.    We were drinking 2 or 1 beers here that day with the absinthe.  Needless to say, there are parts of the eveing that I do not recall.  
They also serve chartruse, which to some is disgusting, but I dig it.  
I'll totally go back, especially for the beers at happy hour.The drinks are not that great if you want a "proper" cocktail go to Fat Tuesday (kidding about that, but not really) don't waste your money here! But I did catch a Pokemon lol!!This is where everyone local seems to meet up after a nice looong lunch in the Quarter and it is an especially crowded epicenter around the Friday before Christmas and around Mardi Gras time.  It is always generally full and there always seems to be some interesting people in there.  The prices have seemed to be getting way ridiculous over the years and many people have just resorted to grabbing three for one drinks at the Bourbon Cowboy across the street and bringing them over.  They take credit cards but when they are busy it usually is much better to use cash here or you might be waiting awhile.  The bartenders are usually very efficient and get to you rather quickly all things considered when it gets crowded.Ordered a sazerac. The atmosphere seemed chill but I was quickly put off after being required to present a receipt to enter the restroom. To make matters worse I was then told I only had "2 more uses for that receipt." I would leave fewer stars if I could. 
Also it stank (cat piss).Touristy and divey. Yeah, it is that. But Old Absinthe House had something that I was sorely seeking: air conditioning. You see, I had messed up. I had tried to walk from the French Quarter to the trolley to get to the Garden District, leading my hapless band this way and that way. As my friends know, however, i am hopeless when it comes to directions. Enter Old Absinthe House.
We were hot, tired, and thirsty. I had already tried to go to Napoleon and Arnaud, but both were closed when we arrived. I was getting desperate, and was on the verge of just dousing my face with a hand grenade. Seeing as how that is a horrible idea, I'm glad I found Old Absinthe House. Inside, it is dark and cool. Business cards line the wall, and the place has the feel of age about it. There were a decent amount of people milling about, and our group was able to snag a table in the corner. My friend and I ordered two Sazeracs. The grand total? $24. The taste? Robitussin. Fortunately, I wasn't in Old Absinthe House for a tasty drink, I was there to take a load off. For that purpose, it was much better than the other random pizza joints and tourist bars that litter Bourbon Street and other parts of the French Quarter. 
So, if you're looking for a relaxing place (during the day) on Bourbon Street with expensive drinks that taste mediocre, Old Absinthe House should fit the bill.Let me preface this review by stating that I hate Bourbon Street. It is loud and smelly and full of people who thinking being drunk at 8 a.m. is getting life right. With that being said, I think the Old Absinthe House is one of the best bars I have been to. 
Visiting New Orleans, I made sure to stay far away from the margarita shops and strip clubs but on our last night we remembered that the Old Absinthe House is one of the oldest bars in New Orleans (est. 1847). I mean, Mark Twain drank at this bar! Knowing this, it was my duty to brave the debauchery of bourbon to have at least one drink at the Old Absinthe House.
The decor is a little silly and not what I was expecting. There are football helmets hung all around the bar area. But if you are a football fan, it is a lot of fun trying to find Steeler helmets from years past. 
The bartenders were amazing at this bar. Ours was a cute girl with a little pixie cut that definitely knew how to make a drink. While I know I should have gotten absinthe, I did realize I had never experienced a Sazerac, which is a New Orleans staple, so I had to try it.  Rye whiskey is something I feel romantically attached to so it was spot on what I love in a good cocktail. My friends did try the absinthe and they were pleased as well. The Old Absinthe House was the best way to end a great trip in an amazing city.Came here for their signature absinthe drinks.  Service was slow drinks were good I had one then left since I'm not an absinthe fan. Cool old divy bar that's part of NOLA history. The prices  were expensive the drinks were strip club prices.We went a month before mardi gras season so it wasn't packed and had a great time at this stop. This is a fun bar to check out... and enjoy some cool new and familiar drinks. Known for the absinthe drinks which tasted pretty good. If you've never tried absinthe, think of a strong black licorice flavor. My friends weren't all that thrilled with them. :P I really enjoyed them tho.
* Absinthe Frappe - strong and sweet. simple ingredients to let the absinthe remain the hero. 
* Irish Coffee - had to get one... bold and refreshing, nicely prep'd except for the added cherry on top. 
* Had this one drink that had egg white in it that my friend got, that thing was really good... looked interesting when they mixed it. I'll try and remember the name.
* Sazerac - strong. whiskey and absinthe with a little bitters and sweetener added
You'll also find yourself with a wandering eye, the dense decor is local, nostalgia french feel. I kept looking around the room in case i missed anything. I'm sure I did. 
Service is friendly and pretty fast. Bartenders were cute to. Prices are a little high, but was fine. On vacation, a couple bucks more ain't gonna hurt.
Bathrooms aren't that great, small and kinda stinky. Hold your breath! The "pee-trough" is filled with ice (which i saw a lot in places along Bourbon St)... pretty funny.This is an above average bar on Bourbon street if you are OK with the format. They do not have live music, or the large rowdy crowds that many places on the street attract. But if you want a bit quitter place where you can chill and carry on a conversation this place works well. Of course you can try some very over priced Absinthe here as well in addition to your normal drinks.Good booze.. way more casual than we thought it would be. When a place writes about their former famous clientele you show up with a few preconceived notions. Friendly staff!Our favorite stop so far in NOLA!  Drinks were good, awesome atmosphere with the doors open, and the Cajun popcorn you have to have.Looking for a cool place to observe the antics on bourbon st? This place is great. Pimms cup is very good. Would definitely return.Likes: delicious drinks, open bar stools, playing the NFL games, and free popcorn.
Dislikes: gross bathroom with a non locking door and extremely slow service.The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star review is the prices.  I didn't indulge in the absinthe, but I paid an arm and a leg and a kidney and a kneecap for the Jim Beam I imbibed all night long beneath the awesome football helmets and warm, warm fire.
Other than the exorbitant drinks prices ($9 for a Beam and diet; $6 for a Corona in a plastic cup), The Olde Absinthe House was a hit, both for me and for the rest of our large party which, in addition to most of us Chicagoans (who, in fairness, are more than used to pumped-up prices), included several locals who openly acknowledged they only come here on special occasions because they want to be able to send their unborn children to college one day.
In short: ridonkulous prices and a nasty bathroom (it *is* Bourbon Street, I guess), but the atmosphere and location are fab, and the barstaff was attentive and cool.  And honestly, we were vacationing in New Orleans; we didn't come for cheap boozing.
On a semi-related note, you might want to avoid the adjoining restaurant viewable through the French doors by the fireplace.  One member of our party watched a rat scurry past while the staff was cleaning up.  Gross, sure, but I'm not reviewing the restaurant.Old Absinthe house is a great bar, with a lot of awesome history behind it.
The interior is dark, comfortable and inviting with a unique choice of style and design.  Old football helmets dangle above you on strings, while the walls are plastered in other patrons business cards. 
As expected they offer a wide variety of absinthe, and absinthe based cocktails plus your wide variety of other liquor and beers. 
On the separate occasions I've visited it was pretty busy, but the bartenders were holding it down and we didn't have to wait too long to put in our drink orders.  They gave us a really nice presentation on the absinthe drinks we all ordered (The sugar cube on an absinthe spoon ablaze) 
I enjoy this bar quite a bit, and look forward to coming back when I'm in New Orleans!Our initial greeting by the bartender was so rude and the prices were so inflated, we didn't even bother ordering.  You know your bar is bad when you scare the customer off within 30 seconds.