Three stars, but it was hard to get there from two stars based on my meal. I will start with the good:
- blackened gator bites, tender with a tasty dipping sauce
- good service even though we were a large group
The not so good:
- crawfish fettuccine, the noodles were over-cooked and the alfredo needed some salt, that being said, there was a ton of crawfish in there
- the gumbo was underwhelming, nothing bad about it but it wasn't something that wished there was more at the bottom of the cup
Great:
The bananas foster desert was the best part of the meal. Had I only eaten this I would give the place 4 stars easily!Food was amazing. Had the Buffalo fried platter. Was big enough to share with the Miss. Couple that with 4 Purple Hazes life is good!!I can't say enough good things about Olde Nola Cookery.  Rachel, the event coordinator, was able to accommodate my wedding party of 50 guests in the 3rd floor Mardi Gras room after my Second Line wedding parade organized by the French Quarter Wedding Chapel.  She was very communicative, worked with my budget and food choices, and made the planning seamless and pain free.  
The staff was helpful and friendly, especially the manager Billy and the vivacious bartender, Jess.  
The food... Let me tell you, their Catfish Po' Boy is something really special.  Maybe my favorite Po' Boy in the quarter.  My wedding guests raved about it!
Folks, if you are looking for a venue with delicious food, a great staff, in the most electric area of the French Quarter, you need not look any further.Solid place, on Bourbon St so you know it lives off of tourism, in saying that, friendly folks, very good oysters on half shell, Po'Boys are solid - no beer on tap but life goes on.Good food, poor service.  Took about 15 minutes to get greeted. My waitress was absent after drinks were dropped off and I think consciously tried to ignore us. Someone else dropped off food. She never checked on us again. After a long time we finally had to get another server to hunt her down so we could pay and leave. The neglect was making us late for our appointment. The food was good but typical Cajun fare. You could get it at a million other places with prompt service.My wife tried the taste of New Orleans and said it was very good. She was surprised how tasty the sausage was. I had the chicken fettuccine Alfredo and it was very good as well. Chicken was tender and not gristly. Ate here for lunch.Amazing!!! Gator bites, fresh oysters, Tasting of New Orleans and the Gumbo pasts was perfect. Must have! Don't let the line out the door discourage you from eating there. It moves very quickly.I'm so mad I forgot to use my Yelp check-in offer! But I thank my Yelp app for leading me to this place on Bourbon street. Ugh, so good. I made a reservation on Open Table but upon getting there, I don't think they are set up to even check for reservations. They didn't ask for my name when I said I had a reservation. 
We brought upstairs and gosh, I wish we were a table of 2 instead of 3. There are tables on the balcony which overlook Bourbon street. How awesome that would have been. Inside, it was a little too dark for my liking but we had an attentive server and the food was fantastic. We all ordered the sampler with crawfish etouffee, seafood gumbo (with crab legs inside) and red beans and rice with an Andouille sausage sticking out. Gawd, it was yummy. I wish I could have eaten it all. It was $18 and you got what you paid for....so good.Yummy NOLA restaurant on Bourbon Street. Super busy. Line out the door. Food was good. Service was decent.
I had the  Taste of New Orleans. The taste is perfect with Gumbo, crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice with smoked sausage. If you check in, you can get a glass of house wine if you can avoid the hurricanes that are at ever stop in the French Quarter.
Hubby loves NOLA but is not a big seafood fan. He found something to enjoy as well. Blackened chicken hit the spot.
So if you're looking for a variety, this is the place.Amazing food!! Red rice and beans delish! Veggies delish and the special sauce is the bomb.This is classic New Orleans. You can get all the favorites here. They can even make you party jambalaya with just rice. The taste is great on all their dishes and the prices are reasonable. Anytime we come to NOLA on bourbon, we stop here.Terrible service, terrible tasting food. We waited over an hour for our bill and it wasn't even too busy. Food is watered down with VERY little flavor, I had to send the food back twice because it was cold. Go to acme oyster house instead.Came in late... 10 pm and was seated quickly.  Good service.  The crawfish etoufee was so so.  Rice was dry and hard, either uncooked or scraped off the bottom of the pot.  Server deducted 10% off the entree.  Single drinks were good... the doubles seemed to have more ice than liquor.  With so many options, I would go somewhere else.A good spot to grab a meal in the French Quarter. 
We had a nice meal here on a weeknight afternoon. The gentleman outside did a good job convincing us (and others) to come in. 
Service was good. Our server was a little quiet/shy, but did a good job over all. I had the shrimp Po Boy and it was good. The bread was a tad dry for my liking. But the dressing made up for that. As usual, my wife had a salad. Good selection of beer. The wine was a slightly limited. 
Overall, a nice place to stop to grab some authentic local eats.Good food and good service. Only rub is that appetizer came out with entree. Other than that is was good service.Last night in town and wanted more New Orleans styled food. Prefect choice, food was fresh and delicious. I went for the shrimp poe boy , my friend had crawfish etouffe. Both great choices. Step away  from Bourbon  so we were able to walk the food off lol. What wowed me the most the manager walked around to each table and aakes if everything was okay. My type of customer service.After being handed a 15% off flyer outside in Bourbon street and being hungry from sightseeing my friend and I were pleasantly surprised here. 
Service was friendly, and as a vegan there were a few choices on the menu- a pasta dish could be made vegan or some other veggie dish- I decided to go for an eggplant po boy as I was fancying something fried and greasy! The accompanying seasoned fries were really tasty and the po boy was lovely with barbecue sauce. My friends ribs and chicken she said was nice and on the whole considering we were in the centre of the tourist area the price was okay with our 15% voucher. I say this because I have been to lots of places while vacationing in tourist destinations where being hungry and walking into a place like this I have ended up paying very high price for awful food and I thought maybe that was going to happen here (but we were just too hungry to look further!) but for what it was it was a great meal especially considering my vegan requirements!The service was good but not consistent. The food was average. The restrooms were coed but it's New Orleans. Who cares.  We sat on the balcony as this was a very good experience. Enjoyed our food while watching the people below.We really enjoyed our meals. We started with the alligator bites which were tender and tasty. We each ordered a different entree: Shrimp Po Boy, Jambalaya Pasta and a sampler. All were top notch. The service was friendly and efficient.First time in New Orleans and we decided to ask the local wildlife for a recommendation for an authentic Cajun place. A couple of attendants at the Marriott Hotel came through masterfully with this place.  The crab cakes were superb; the Cajun Jambalaya (Pasta) incredibly rich in flavor; and the bread pudding was to die for.  Amazing place!!Delicious blackened chicken Caesar salad, gumbo and jambalaya pasta! Will visit this spot again when back in town! Wait staff was nice, place was clean! It is a must visit for sure when you are in Nola!So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our fourth and final stop together was the Olde Nawlins Cookery (this is the name on my receipt--obviously they need to settle on something and update all the signs since this is causing confusion) on Bourbon between Iberville and Bienville. I'll say that we had just finished watching the Crewe of Barkus parade and had just picked up some daiquiris over at Jesters so we were looking for greasy eats and a place that would allow us to bring in our Styrofoam cups and this place fit the bill. We were seated upstairs which is a nice large area with some tables overlooking Bourbon.
We started off with the fried eggplant sticks and remoulade sauce which were lightly fried and on point. I went for the full load--fried seafood platter with oysters, shrimp, and catfish piled up on some fries. Oh how delish is fried seafood--really good here let me tell you. At $20, this platter is really large enough for two people. Wash it down with a hurricane and you'll be tight for the rest of the night. As I mentioned in other posts on New Orleans eateries, this is not a cheap eats place, but the servings are hefty so you get your monies worth. If you're on this end of Bourbon (and I'm sure you will be), I would say duck inside and check it out.Great food, quick and oh so savory. By far the best po boys I have had visiting here! Also the prices are great as well, specially to be in the French quarter, very reasonable.Happy I came to this little spot. Plenty New Orlean's inspired food options to choose from. 
I had the jambalaya pasta and a side of red beans and rice.  The RB&R was good until I got a couple scoops of under cook or old rice. The jambalaya pasta was perfect and fulfilling.  I had a Swamp Tea to wash after my meal. It's a green concoction alcoholic beverages that wasn't bad but a little to sweet for my liking. 
I did do the yelp check in the get a free glass of wine and that didn't happen even though I showed the waitress. Oh well 
Price for the meal and a drink was reasonableThe food was great.. we got the baby back ribs and the taste of New Orleans. Pretty affordable compared to the other restaurants on Bourbon Street. Would have been given five stars if our waitress was more pleasant. She just seemed bothered by our presence. Not the southern hospitality you would expect when you're paying good money for food.The fried and blackened gator tail was awesome!!  The redfish cookery was awesome as wellWe popped into this joint on New Year's Eve to grab a quick bite before heading over to check out the NYE festivities in the area. 
Our waitress was great and we thought the servers were attentive to all the customers, not just the ones in their section. The manager was quick to tell a patron to go outside when he lit a cigarette at the bar. This is a non-smoking establishment, but they do have an outside area. I'm not sure if there's food service out there though.
I'm giving 3 stars because the food prices are just super high for what you get. We ordered the blackened catfish poboy with fries and an order of fried eggplant sticks to share. $16 is outrageous for a poboy with 1 piece of catfish in it. The eggplant sticks were good, but $9 is high and it isn't that many sticks - maybe 18 and they're the size of french fries. They had a little kick, but they didn't seem fried to order - I thought they should have been crispier. The remoulade that came with everything was good. 
If we're ever back in NOLA, we won't be back here.I had the Jazzy Crab Cakes that came with Collards and Mashed Potatoes.   The crab cakes were the best I have ever had.  "They were a turkey and dressing with seafood."  Soo Good!We had the taste of New Orleans and the gator bites. The beans and sausage were great in the taste of New Orleans, which also came with gumbo and some crawfish. We got half and half with the gator bites, the fried we're definitely better. I only have had gator a couple times, but this was a little chewier than I remember.Okay food, not horrible but not great either! The service so-so although Matt at the bar was great. They were not prepared for a wait and the kitchen got way behind.Oysters, oysters, oysters!! The oysters were huge and oh boy how delicious :) I'll be back when I get back to NOLAFirst time here, ordered the half rack of ribs it was good. Had chocolate mousse for dessert it was delicious.Came here around 1pm on 2/28/14, last weekend of Mardi Gras. 
PROS:
-Sit at the bar for quicker service, Brent was awesome and quick with our requests!
-Gator Tail bites are really meaty and delicious. 
-Crawfish Entouffe was lovely, lots of seafood.  
-Great friendly service and sociable manager 
CONS:
-Small place but still great 
-$13 for an appetizer and $18 for a plate (fried food) is a bit high but it was good fried foodFirst meal ever in New Orleans and I was NOT disappointed. Talk about make you wanna slap ya mama!i had the Taste of New Orleans and the red beans and rice were so dang delicious. Never had anything like them before. I would definitely recommend!Must get the Taste of New Orleans! We stopped by as we were hopping around on Bourbon St; and the menu + feel of this place definitely drew us in. We were lucky to get great service even though the place was pretty packed (Saturday dinner crowd).
Can definitely say everything we ordered was really, really good. The drinks, the appetizers and off-course the full plates. Definitely recommend the Eggplant sticks which have a tendency to be overwhelmed by all the others delicious sounding treats on the menu.Late nite pop-in while walking Bourbon St... wanting to try their fried gator.  Our server James (such a damn cutie pie) was very sweet and attentive.  We sat right in front of the window for some good ole people watching.  
Fried gator - real good with the sauce 
Cajun Jambalaya Pasta - so bomb!!  That sauce is everything. 
Bloody Mary - therapeutic after a day of drinking (per the hubby)
Bread pudding - delish!
Would come back for that pasta!This place is awesome! they have the best crab cakes and the best crawfish etouffee. Great drinks. Great prices. Bri was so sweet and attentive. This is a must on Bourbon street.We came here for a quick dinner before heading out on mardi gras.  The restaurant was packed and full of drunk rude people.  I think if we had come at another time the staff would have been less stressed. My server was really friendly and accommodating even though some people were so mean and rude towards him. 
We ordered the cajun jambalaya pasta, fried fish dish , and chicken Alfredo.   We also got a free banana ice cream sundae pie with check in!!! 
The cajun jambalaya pasta was my favorite dish,  it had massive chunks of sausage,  great cajun flavor and not too salty . The portion was also very large and enough for 2 meals.  
The free ice cream pie dessert was amazing, and super shareable. It is huge and hard to finish with one person.  I dont think I would come here again, because even though the food tasted good the menu seemed the same as all the other restaurants on bourbon street.Loved it, small but very nice little place, the food feels authentic (I'm not from here) and I loved it! Will be back! Oh, the hurricane cocktail was the strongest in flavor and alcohol of of the places I tried, loved it as well.Wow! Service was great. The oysters were huge. The peel and eat BBQ shrimp are so worth the work of peeling. The redfish blackened is great. Must eat at!Alright, my first meal in Nola had to live up to some pretty high expectations.  Olde Nawlins' lunch delivered!  
While it appears to be a chain of some sort (I think?), that never stopped me before (and we were hungry).  I went with the catfish po' boy, two others enjoyed shrimp po' boys, and the final member of our party enjoyed the shrimp platter.  Coming in, I was not a fan of catfish, but was told it tastes different down south.  No doubt there, as it was fried to perfection - surprisingly light as well!  The portions on the shrimp platter were plentiful enough for my friend to share and I couldn't refuse that offer.  Drinks were decent and service was friendly as well.
Absolutely a solid lunch stop on Bourdon!I was pleased with my meal here overall. We shared the fried seafood platter and gumbo.  The seafood was fresh, seasoned, and cooked well. The jalapeño hush puppies were great as well. The gumbo had good flavor and it wasn't too thick and sludgy like some gumbo I've had. Another person with us had the shrimp Poboy and was pleased. My only complaint was that the gumbo wasn't up to temperature- it was almost room temperature. A bright spot was our waiter, Johnell. He was personable, attentive, and knowledgeable. Wonderful service!!This was our first stop in Nola and I can really say that we couldn't start in a best way ever our vacation. The staff is extremely kind, smiling and helpful; the food is just "AMAZING" and absolutely "DELICIOUS".
I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Sat in the courtyard and one of the mangers was smoking in the alley way with smoke blowing right in the dining area outside. Not a good start. Server took our drink order after 20 mind and I was clear to him we were ready to order. He walked away. Came back 15 mins later asking if we were ready or order. Said we were going to leave because we were not willing to wait that long. I was nice about it. So 35 mins in and I guess the manger needed another smoke so again we are subjected to cigarette smoke. Waited another 10 mins for our check. Maybe the food is good maybe not. Service and experience unacceptableWent here for a night time snack. My husband ordered the fried shrimp poy boy he said, with every bite it tasted better & better. He loved it! Oh & their french fries are the bomb. I ordered some fried pickles...so good(but not on the menu). The service was great!Simple, but amazing food! The service there was beyond the expectation of good customer service. Bobby was very welcoming and friendly, as well as helpful. The food there is seasoned to perfection and fulfilling as well. The portions can feed 1-2 people depending on how hungry you are, and is simply one of the best foods my family and I have eaten. The Jambalaya Pasta is definitely recommended and is the best out of all the other restaurants that offer is as well. All-around this restaurant is one of the best I have ever eaten at.My friends and I were down in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, so we wanted to try some good creole food. We didn't realize that the Old Nola Cookery is legit the same as Oceana's (just different names) which we had visited the day prior. At Old Nola Cookery, I ordered the crab cakes off the appetizer list. It was kind pricy so I made it my main meal with an order of fries. I was not disappointed. The crab cakes were THE best crab cakes I've ever had. 
I gave this place 4 stars because it we waited over 30 minutes for our food. Moreover, two couples came, ordered, ate, and went before we were served although we arrived and ordered before them. 
My friends ordered the Taste of New Orleans (which I had ordered from Oceana's the day before). Unfortunately, they both were disappointed by the Taste of New Orleans from Old Nola Cookery but my crab cakes were great so... 4 stars!Great food and short wait time. Went during essence festival and was very pleased. Great customer serviceHorrible wobbly balcony with wobbly tiny tables and tiny chairs. Served my $10 subpar martini (20 minutes later) in a plastic cup because they can't have glass on the balcony, yet our plates aren't plastic. Ordered decent tasting blackened gator bites (35 minutes later) we get half a plate of fried gator bites and half blackened. Also ordered a cup of seafood gumbo and the only piece of seafood was a uncracked crab claw with no meat in it. Another 30 min to get check, and manager didn't even care.Fantastic crab cakes and red beans! Great service too! We've been to several places for crab cakes.... This is the place to pop in and eat and enjoy the people watchingWho are all the people having good experiences here? In town for the weekend with friends and we stopped in for lunch. Food was ok. Everything was overpriced. Portions were small. Server was alright, a little on rude side. 
In all seriousness, I don't get how this place could have mostly positive reviews. Of the 8 meals I had this weekend, this was easily the worst food, and I paid about the same as my best meal (around corner at Bourbon House). The $12 alligator tail was 10 small pieces. I ordered same appetizer 7 hours later at Felixs and it was twice as much. The red beans (of red beans and rice) were refried and bland. The gumbo was mostly rice, and crab so hard I couldn't crack. Etoufee was alright. 
To get 1-star, you have to do something egregious in my mind. Mess up food, be late, let me sit forever. None of that happened. But other than those types of things, this is the most disappointed I've been in fellow reviewers for so greatly leading me astray. Only thing I could think was that people mixed up this place with the one of a similar name which is 2 blocks away.Mediocre at best. Waiter service was terrible, and the food wasn't good. He came three times to our table. Once to take our order, once to deliver the food, and once with the bill. I will never eat here againWe just got off the plane and were hungry. We had a list of restaurants to visit but this was not among them. We took a shot and were pleasantly surprised. I had the Blackened Cajun catfish which came with rice/beans and collard greens. They fish was delicious and blacked nicely. The waitress brought water in anticipation of the nice kick I got from the spices. My other half asked for a personalization of a blackened chicken dish (asked for it over fettuccini with Alfredo sauce. They were happy to oblige. It tasted delish (although the sauce had broken a bit). The server, Bri was extremely attentive and so upbeat and seemed to love her job. She did a great job!We were walking in Bourbon street and some restaurants had long lines. We were too hungry to wait so we decided to keep walking when we found this place. There was a short line but we were in in less than 5 minutes. Delicious crabcackes!  Fast and friendly service. Our waitress Trina was amazing. 5 stars to her! Cheesecake was delicious and free with our check in.New Orleans never disappoints in delivering great food.  My friend and I stumbled in here as we were walking down Bourbon St.  Loved the fried shrimp po boy!!!  The slaw on it was spicy and so flavorful. Delicious!!!  He had the fried catfish po boy and devoured it.  Will definitely be back. See u in November for my birthday...Thanksgiving weekend!!!I enjoyed this place, definitely a cheesy atmosphere but the staff was friendly and fun and I really liked the food! Our expectations weren't high so we were presently surprised! I let our waiter Brian pick my meal for me and he picked the jambalaya pasta it was delish!!! Reasonably priced plates for sure and very good portions!We went here for my birthday. The service and food were pretty good. Didn't know they had an upstairs bar and area, will have to ck out next time.Wasn't expecting much from a bar on Bourbon Street, but the crab cakes, "BBQ" shrimp and blackened catfish po' boy that we had were so, so tasty.Waitress Jess A is one of the most observant servers ever. She was very attentive and made I used the Yelp check-in discount.
If you like spicy seafood and yummy cajun large plate - say no more and go for the Cajun Jumbalaya Pasta for a decent price ~$20. You'd be pleased.Almost 20 years ago I visited Olde N'awlins Cookery when it was located on Conti Street.  It was great food and one of my favorite places.  When I visited in 2007, I believe they were closed down post-Katrina and gone forever.
On the first day of my trip this last weekend, we popped into this place wanting po'boys for our first meal.  We glanced at the sign and thought it was NOLA Po'Boy which we had read about.  I didn't realize where we were until we sat down and looked at the menu.  I recognized the logo at once (I still have an old collector mug from my first visit.)  So I find out this place is owned by Oceana and that restaurant is located at Olde N'awlins Cookery's old location on Conti.  I recognized a few menu items like the Red Fish Cookery but really wanted a po'boy.  
My cousin and I both ordered oyster po'boys with BBQ shrimp to start.  The BBQ shrimp was THE BOMB!!!  It should come with a bib cuz it's a messy thing.  I think there were 5 large shrimp, prawns really, swimming in this sauce that I wanted to bottle up and take with me.  OMG.  I wanted to put my whole face in it but settled for mopping it up with the slices of bread they give with it.  There were only two slices, totally not enough, but we asked for more, no problem.
The oyster po'boys were huge and neither of us could finish the bread.  I only ate a couple of the fries that came with, but they were good.  The oysters though, OMG, the oysters... All I can say is that I am writing this review right now because it's my first day back from vacay and I can't stop thinking about the oysters.  Fried to perfection.  I don't get how they can do it.
It was a great first full meal for this trip to NOLA.  It was so good in fact, we came back for our last lunch before we had to leave for our flight home.  That time I had the red fish cookery and it was as good as I remember from 18+ years ago.
Anyway, I see reviews calling this place a tourist trap and overpriced, etc.  But I felt like the food was amazing and I got every dollar worth... In fact, this was way better than a $90 meal I had at Commander's Palace.... and that review is in the works.I have a food allergy that made it hard to try the exciting food NOLA had to offer, and they figured out a work around and were super accommodating and nice about it!We loved Olde Nola Cookery!  We ordered the fried seafood plate+crab cakes and everything was cooked perfectly and was tasty and abundant.  Deserts were delicious too.  Our server, Jess M, took very good care of us, very attentive and efficient.  Highly recommended.
CandyThis place has a nice vibe being right on the strip! Drinks and food are great, especially the staff. Jess M was DA BOMB! She was very helpful in helping us choose our drinks and food. The Mardi Gra Fettuccine is what i got! Bomb!!Amazing food and the most friendly staff! Jarvis (sp) lured us in with his wonderful personality and Nicole was the best server! Definitely worth a try. Perfect place for a bite on Bourbon!We don't eat much fried food, but we shared a seafood platter and it was really good. The bread pudding was sublime and excellent service.Do not go here. I only gave it a 1 star because I can't go lower. I got the ragin Cajun Po boy... Which they don't tell you is a Po Boy with a $10 side of crawfish. Food came out cold and we sent it back. Food came out cold a second time.. warm on top with the rest of it cold. Huge waste of money.Stopped in for an app and some drinks mid-afternoon. Initially was seated inside, but asked to move us upstairs to balcony, after checking availability host said "sure head right on up and will send a server". Done. Had Ahmadi (sp?) friendly enough and efficient. Drinks were delivered quickly and decide on the seafood sampler (cheaper than 2-3 apps). Now I don't even like fish but tried it and was AWESOME, along with the shrimp, oysters ect. was all very good and over battered. Overall great experience.I had an incredible experience here. Jess M was my server and she made my entire trip worth coming !!! i got a hurricane and chicken fingers and everything was great. I had the best experience here.Maybe it's all about the dish ordered. Our server said the seafood platter was big enough to share and we're both small eaters, yet found it was a small portion (especially considering the servings at other places!) It was just a plate of fried food; not a garnish or veggie in site (the server totally forgot the side of veggies I asked for). 
So, meh. There are far better places to eat.I worked off my meal before even sitting down.
In fact, I lost track of how many times we walked up and down Bourbon Street -- and even into another Olde Nola Cookery down the block -- searching for this place. Locals we asked for directions weren't helpful. They just wanted us to visit their bar instead, which wasn't an option when we were meeting our friends.
At long last, after a nearly 20-minute hunt, we walked into a restaurant named Oceania Grill...which is apparently Olde Nola Cookery, too. I don't even know.
Tables were incredibly compact and I hardly had room, but our server was super friendly and helped ease the stress I was feeling from trying to find the restaurant for so long.
I ordered the blackened chicken poboy and was apparently already supposed to know that blackened anything equates to heavy spice. I had no idea since I never order blackened things. I was just looking for grub not pulled from the sea.
Fortunately, my friend didn't want her poboy's mustard so I used that to cut the spice a bit and it was otherwise enjoyable.
I also tried a taste of fried catfish and that was surprisingly really good. I probably could've eaten that for my meal! Noted: Do not hate catfish.
While the meal was pretty good, I probably wouldn't return. Nothing about the spot popped out as distinctive or worthy of a second look.Food was really good, but don't get duped into the red cup double drinks. Not worth it.Ordered a bowl of "Gumbo" if you can even call it that..had no sausage, chicken, crab and received 65% rice smh little shrimp that you would find in a cup of noodle soup, lacked flavor..skip the visit here, there are plenty of better gumbo places near by!Places like this one are a great hole in the wall find!  As you approach there is a host out front eager to seat you, and that he did.  
We ordered a few beers from a local brewery, Abita Ambers.  Good beer, I would definitely try again.  I decided to get the taste of New Orleans which featured gumbo, crawfish etoufee, and red beans with smoked sausage.  The red beans had a really nice heavy smoke flavor to them, the texture reminded me of refried beans.  The crawfish etoufee was stock based and was very flavorful as well.  The gumbo was gumbo perfection, all served with a few slices of buttered bread for dipping.  
Next trip I will have to head back to Bourbon Street and try that smoked duck on the menu!Food was just ok - everything came out in a very thick sauce which made it hard to taste the texture of the food. The actual taste was good, but was we were pretty underwhelmed with our meal in generalI loved Olde N'awlins. The value was good. The service was great. The food was exactly what I'd expect from New Orleans! Husband had the Catfish Po'Boy which was a new experience. He said he'd order again. 
I had the Taste of New Orleans because classic New Orleans cuisine is my favorite and it's hard to find elsewhere in the country. As others have said the Crawfish Étouffée was simply delicious, and the Gumbo was classic. I love Red Beans and Rice and these were perfect. 
The restaurant is small, and the prices reflect the establishments location on Bourbon Street. They're open late and are a definite don't miss if you're in the area.This was our first stop in New Orleans and it was really fun!! I had a hurricane and a shrimp po boy--both really good! Yummy sauce on the po boy. Shrimp was delicious!! Service is great!! Glad we stopped and tried Olde Nola Cookery!!Excellent food, good atmosphere and good service.  We had the New Orleans sampler. The crawfish étouffée was my favorite. Will definitely come back.You almost can't go wrong on Bourbon Street, but some places are better than others. Fortunately, we happened into this place. The oyster was fried perfectly: very crunchy and delicious. The portions were enormous. And, the service was fast and friendly. We were only here for two days, and we stopped in here twice. Highly recommended!Had the redfish cookery with crawfish étouffée and mashed potatoes. IT WAS EXCELLENT. The staff was very friendly and I even got 10% off of the meal with a yelp coupon. Anyone on the fence about trying this place should definitely jump the fence and give a try.Okay.. holy crap. Maybe I'm drunk, maybe I just have good taste in food but the jumbalaya pasta was FANTASTIC! I was skeptical about the alligator sausage, but damn; it is just fantastic! Total 5 stars.. everything is perfection!