Good food and good service. Tasted pretty authentic. Nice new and clean dining room. Two thumbs up in the CBD. Will be back.Was in Nola for a week and ran across this gem on the last day. As an Arab the hummus was bomb.com, the entire dish was delicious actually. If I was a local I know where I'd eat at least once a week.Seriously everybody, the best healthier option for breakfast, lunch, or dinner (late night snack in my case right now) in the CBD...the baba ganoush is fanfrickingtastic...have had amazing meals here every single time... the flavors of every dish I have tried is popping, including the falafels, beef shawarma, even the grilled veggies are somehow infused with the most incredible smoky flavor that is unforgettable.My falafel wrap combo was very tasty! The falafel itself was very flavorful and perfectly crispy, and the wrap being lightly grilled was a nice touch. Hope to be back in town soon to sample more from the menu!Incredible!! Really a must try! Outstanding prices for terrific quality and portion. I lived in the Middle East for a bit and this place is truly authentic. DO NOT SLEEP ON THE LAMB BURGER. Much loveThe food here is amazing!   The Hummus?  the best I have ever had.  Have eaten here several times and everything ordered is great!   I love the fried cheese....YUM!Beautiful restaurant with absolutely delicious food! This quaint restaurant is off the foot traffic corridors, but it's close enough to walk to Bourbon Street. From the hummus with fresh baked naan bread to the baklava dessert, our meal was perfection! The service was friendly and attentive. Overall, a perfect date night in our book!I can't recommend this place enough! This was our first time and everything we ordered was fresh and the flavor was delicious! We ordered the sautéed vegetables plate (added lamb), the half and half entree, the yogurt salad with cucumber and the Arabic salad. The portions were very generous for the price and the service was quick. We ordered take out this time, but we will definitely be going back and can't wait to dine in! The restaurant is beautiful and very clean. So excited we found a new place to order Mediterranean cuisine! (Random side note...they even packaged the food with care. They used foil to separate the meat from the to go packaging because it comes out so hot on the half and half plates. I really loved that.)Go here. The 5 star reviews aren't for nothing. Fantastic food. It's a semi take out place so it's not fancy but service is still good!Relaxed and funny owner, quality Mediterranean food and prices not reflecting the quality of the food.  Yes, my whole family recommends y'all dining at Olive.
-RussGreat spot, locally owned, not a franchise chain restaurant.   Sandwiches are great for lunch and priced right.  Portions for the platters are generous.     Overall a great spot for lunch or dinner.Very clean restaurant and bathroom. Totally love the food! And they are SO nice! They work very hard to make sure they get the food perfect. The chicken and hummus is delicious. Also I love the pita bread! I highly recommend the restaurant.Wow! What a fresh and flavorful menu. The two dishes we had were nothing less than perfect. So full of flavor and just what we needed. You won't be disappointed.I loved it so much, that in four days I was in NOLA I went to eat there twice!
Very, super legit and authentic Lebanese food. 
The owner is very warm, welcoming, and friendly. He'll exchange a few funny words with patrons here and now.
I felt very comfortable and relaxed dining there. I loved every bite!
I true gem!Excellent food and very reasonable prices. Portions are good and the gyro meat is amazing, falafel is best I've ever had and hummus and baba were great.  Service is excellent. Nice atmospherePHENOMENAL. ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING. Our table had ordered Greek salad, gyros, and chicken kabobs. Every single thing that came from the kitchen was perfect. From the salad dressing, to the seasoning on the meats, the perfectly smooth hummus, the freshness of ingredients, to the temperature of the food when it came out - this was an incredible meal.This place is so welcoming, the food is great, good presentation, you will be eating very fast,  and those prices very affordable.
The attention must to have a special mention because I thought you can find many places to eat, but not al of them have this guy to make you feel very well treated.
Is obvious I was in love with this local restaurant and I ate there all my dinner for the entire week in my last trip to NOLA!
I'll be back.I don't do ratings ever, but I have to give a shout-out to Olive.  My wife and I have been all over the world, Turkey, Greece, etc. and these people have the best Hummus that we have ever had anywhere!!  Go eat here, they are great!This place is delicious! It's been hard to find good Greek food since I've moved to louisiana. This place really delivered though. The owner or man who took my order on the phone was so pleasant for starters! So sweet and respectful throughout my order. 
I had a hold up that caused me to be about 45 min late to getting my order. Usually pita bread is pretty gross after too much time, so I was prepared for my meal to have gotten a little soggy, but it was honestly still really good! 
I got the chicken shwarma wrap, it did feel/taste/look a bit more tortilla like than pita bread that I'm used to, but maybe that's their style? It tasted really good all the same.
We got meat grape leaves which I had zero complaints about, delicious! 
Then we got hummus with beef and lamb in the middle, soooo good! Really enjoyed this. This was served with regular pita bread that I'm used to and thoroughly enjoyed. 
Lastly, it came with a salad. The dressing was impeccable, I need to find out what kind it was bc I really enjoyed this. So yummy! 
Came with a side of tzatziki sauce, it was good, but a little more of a liquid texture than I'm used to. I think it would've been better had it been a little thicker, but it was still tasty. 
Overall, really enjoyed our food and will definitely be back! We were starving so ate it before we could take pics oops!My first time eating at Olive - I walked in for lunch to get some takeout. Got spinach pie, chicken kebab for my husband, and chicken shwarma sandwich. It was made/brought out quickly, and I got to chat with the owner while I waited. Very nice guy. The food was fantastic - fresh and delicious. Perfect Friday lunch, highly recommend.I got the vegetarian platter as my meal and it was fresh and delicious. The mint tea and baklava for dessert was perfect as well! Great service too! I would recommend!Tasty Mediterranean. We stopped in tonight and ordered two gyro platters. Nice flavor. Nice service. Nice atmosphere. Not bad!Outstanding!  Best hummus, chicken and Gyros I've had ever.  And I travel all over.  Hidden Gem.  Highly recommend.Fast, friendly, authentic, and delicious!   Excellent Zaatar bread, Shawarma,  gyros, and falafel in the Lebanese tradition. Sandwiched and the platters were so very good. I highly recommend everyone to try it out.  And the restaurant is meticulously clean.  Cleanest public bathroom I've seen in New Orleans. Five stars.    Going back to try their breakfast tomorrow!We were headed to Cajun food when we passed this Mediterranean spot. It was everything we could of wanted and more! Best lamb I've had! Must stopMy family had partied a bit too hard but I knew they would wake up starving 
This little gem was around the corner from my hotel and they were open till 10.  
The family woke up and inhaled their meals 
Could not have asked for betterWe needed a break from all the seafood we had been consuming on our New Orleans trip. We opted for Olive. The food is very good but the service is a little slow. If your not in a hurry, stop in and have the food.Delicious food freshly made we got the mix grill, hummus & arabic salad, for dessert we got baklava & kullage everything tasted really good couldn't be happier we'll definitely come back again highly recommended.The food here is delicious! The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. I highly recommend giving this place a try!Solid Mediterranean food. Had it while on the road for travel. Loved the gyro platter, the baklava, and the side of falafel was phenomenal, even cold the next dayFood was great, service was very good. Wait time to get food was reasonable. Table service or take out available. We had falafel, gyro, chicken shawarma, hummus, baba ghanoush, and tabbouleh...all so good!
Prices and portion size all reasonable as well.This spot is perfect! The service was great and the food was even better, and def get the desserts, AMAZING!!!Great, new spot. Outdoor seating where dogs are allowed. Fresh food, great service- very friendly. Fast! Can get in and out. Definitely recommend!Hidden gem! Came in simply for dessert but wound up having the Zater bread and hummus first. Then finished it off with Kullage and Baklava and Turkish coffee. 
I wish I hadn't already eaten earlier or I would have tried more items on the menu. Definitely will return to this place and try more things. If the food and service today was any indication of more to come, I can't wait to return!Service was fantastic! Food was amazing! Schwarma was on point as was the tzaziki! Perfect dressing!On our first night in NOLA, we happened to find Olive Restaurant. The food was wonderful as was the  friendly owner of the place.My husband had  the combination Kabab plate,  and I had chicken kabab along with hummus. Everything was really great. We will return the next time we are in New Orleans. Don't miss this great restaurant!Great food, really nice people, clean restrooms, and the prices were totally fair! I recommend the baba ghanoush, seafood and veggies, and the gyro platter. The pita bread came out hot and the seasonings were delish!Really amazing find!! My bf and I found this place 4 days ago and have ordered 3 separate times already it's that good! I forgot to take pics for a good amount of it but the lamb burger was really really yummy with feta and tomato and lettuce. I love lamb burgers and this was a great one! We also had the falafel one day which came piping hot and was AMAZING I kept burning my mouth because I couldn't wait to eat it. We also had the beef and chicken shawarma plate which was really good and so much food for the price! Lastly had the spinach feta pie that was different than any I've had before it was really good and unique but do not expect that standard spinach feta pie but again still delicious. Would order everything I've had again and will probably go back tomorrow!Deeeeeeeelish 
Such great and fresh food close to the main drag of Bourbon street. A close and safe walk for women . You must try the shrimp and veggies. So authentic and delicious.Tabouli, Babaganoush, Hummus, salads, yogurt, shawarma all fresh, delishous and top grade. The owner enjoys making customers into friends. What more do you need? Oh yes, very reasonable prices!The food was hot, fast, and delicious. The staff were friendly, prompt, and responsive. The restaurant was clean with decent decor and lively music.
The #10 came with a salad, pita bread, lamb, and hummus. It dawned on me far too late the use the pita to make gyros myself, a bit embarrassing since it's in the name. Regardless, the individual ingredients were all very good. The combining blend was a nice fusion of the flavors.
The Lebanese tea was a surprise. It was refreshing and sweet. The hint of pine was a bit too much but I would get it again.This location is soo unassuming.   So easy to get to. I don't know why I don't go here more often when we are doing a few drinks in the area?!?!
The staff, possibly the owners,  are fast with taking your order and are there to please.  That have no issues customizing the offerings.  Double rice, no hummus, things like that.  The tea is sooooo good.  
Parking is pretty easy. Usually get a spot right in front.  There is some outdoor seating.  
Many times I see the same faces in there getting stuff to go. Also smiling customers here. Just a nice good happy vibe.  Makes me like coming back when I can remember its here :-)
I tend to over tip hereThe salad was very plain and dry, the rice was nearly flavorless, the beef kabob was way overcooked and I was still hungry afterwards. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean but those are the only positives I can give unfortunately.DELICIOUS! Place was swamped and short staffed, so be patient. Owner was really kind and said it's tough to get help right now. The traditional plate was delicious. When I'm in Nola, I'll go back- for sure.Great place, we ordered takeout and we're very impressed with the service and atmosphere. When we got back to the rental we were MUCH more impressed with the food! Great food, great service, will go back!Some of the very best Mediterranean style food we have experienced. The hummus is smooth and delicious well flavored and fresh. 
The chicken was perfectly spiced and cooked without being dry.
Their Gyro meat is not greasy or dry and has an excellent level of spice. 
The red lentil soup was tasty, hot but not too hot to eat right away. 
I also recommend the Lebanese tea as a unique and refreshing drink. Not too sweet and has a pleasant floral note. 
For sure a place to try and come back to again and again. 
Also the service was very welcoming and responsive. The staff is friendly without being intrusive. The music choice was pleasant and made us want to sit and relax after we ate.Everything we had was absolutely amazing. The falafel, hummus, and baba ganuj were ridiculously tasty. It was my first time trying kullage (kinda like baklava except with a milk custard filling) and it was so good. All the flavors hit, and everything felt light but satisfying. Best food I've had in New Orleans on this trip.Wandering around the area near my evacuation hotel and stumbled upon this gem. The server was incredibly sweet and charismatic; answering my questions with care. I had the shrimp and vegetable plate with Greek salad and hummus. THE BEST HUMMUS IVE EVER HAD. will be returning.Food is amazing, will definitely order again if I'm ever in the area.  Every single dish was amazing that we ordered, and the falafel was so freshLiterally perfect meal. The hummus was so creamy and good, the chicken shawarma plate was incredible. Best seasoning I've ever tasted. The pita was warm, a huge plus for us! Service was also very fast and yet still informative. I would happily eat here again.The food is amazing, the best falafel sandwich and Zater bread I've ever had!! Would definitely recommend and go there again if I went to NOLAWe came to Olive looking for good food after hitting up some of the tourist spots the day before that just weren't good (as expected but it was late and the only thing open at the time).
We got the hummus with meat and grape leaves as appetizers and the half and half Kabab and Shawerma as our meals. 10/10 for all of the food! I've had a lot of middle eastern food and this is definitely at the top. The rice was so fluffy and delicious, the meat was tender and so good. 
The service was awesome too, they're just so nice and accommodating in here. 
I would highly recommend if you're in the area!Great restaurant with an even better owner. Very kind with authentic food. Humus was wonderful and pita was warm.Great spot. Probably one of the best chicken shawarma I ever had. Ingredients are fresh and hand made. Highly recommend.Shawarma was so delicious. We did the 1/2 chicken and beef. Both are tender with oh so much flavorSeriously the best falafel I've ever had. The z'atar bread is so delicious. All of the food is very fresh, perfectly seasoned and coated in rich olive oil. In a two day trip, we went three times and got food for the road!!Omg who would have thought I would have had to travel all the way from California for the BEST Lebanese food. 20/10We fell in love with this food. Had the veggie plate with guava juice and it was amaaaazing! The guy behind the counter was super nice. Great service. I can't wait to go back.Great food, amazing service. All the food tastes homemade and the man working the front end was hilarious and very welcoming. Definitely recommendI spotted this gem while looking for some place to eat. It wasn't far from my hotel and prior yelpers had many good reviews. They were spot on. I ordered falafel platter with salad and humous. Fresh pita accompanied the dish. The falafels were of good size, hot, crunchy and very tasty. The salad was plentiful without large pieces of greens. The dressing was so good I could have enjoyed it with just a spoon lol. Delicious hummus and warm pita. The size of the meal was very generous and i was not able to finish it all. Yumm leftovers. When you want tasty homemade authentic middle eastern cuisine this is the spot.Awesome middle eastern flavors, inexpensive, very generous portions and fresh ingredients. If you're staying in New Orleans do yourself a favor and checkout this clean and neat restaurant. Turkish coffee and amazing baklava finished off a great meal.WOW. I had been in town for the first time and ate my fair share of New Orleans cuisine. I happened upon Olive and was super excited because I am Lebanese and will eat Lebanese food anytime, anywhere. This has to be one of the best plates of Lebanese food I have EVER had. I got the half and half with chicken and lamb kabob, hummus, pita, and salad. The meat was so tender and seasoned perfectly. The salad dressing was the biggest surprise and was out of this world. I am very picky about my hummus and was extremely impressed. I wish I could have gotten the grape leaves and other appetizers as well, but I was so full! I would recommend to ANYONE. Best food I had in NOLA.Came across this hidden gem while walking back to our hotel and we are SO glad we tried it! The place is such a refreshing stop in the city and the service is so kind! My husband and I ordered one Lebanese tea just to try and the man (I'm assuming was the owner) gave us another on the house! The food was so delicious and fresh! Highly recommend trying this place if you're looking for something lighter than what's usually around.We've been trying for all around downtown and this is the best we've had. It was very fresh and delicious. The seasoning was what we expected from this style of food and the deserts were excellent. The only down side is they don't have beer but that isn't a requirement for a great meal.Don't usually write reviews at all, but as a HUGE fan of Mediterranean / Greek / Lebanese food this spot is a MUST.
Friendly owners, great server with sense of humor, and of course -- DELICIOUS. Hidden gem in the CBD for sure!Looks not great from the outside, but wow is the food good!! The servers are very friendly. I ordered chicken shawarma and it was fresh and so good. Definitely going to order again, we were very impressed.Coming from NYC, I've eaten at many Mediterranean restaurants.  This place is cheap and outstanding.  Five stars!Great Mediterranean food.  Best hummus ever.   The owners are very friendly and the food is authentic and good.   We have been there four times and have left happy every time.   The gyros, shwarma and salads are great.   Love the fried cheese appetizer.I popped into Olive after trying to find a delicious place for lunch. It's a few blocks from my office so not something I pass regularly.  The food was delicious, service polite, and atmosphere great. I'll put this into my rotation of tasty lunch places.Food was DELICIOUS and service was excellent. We got the Olive combo platter and falafel. We were wiping our plates clean!Friendly owner, delicious Shawrma, great vibes. 
Stumbled across this spot on the way back to my hotel- the owner was so cool and the food was so good- that I came back 3x in 2 days. 
Highly recommend: Chicken Shawrma (shwarma plate/sandwich), the Gyro was good, the falafel was absolutely lip-smacking good with hummus and pita. 
If you want to change it up Olive is great spot.I got lunch from here today with a coworker. They have a decent sized menu with a variety of options. Our server was friendly and remained masked. They seemed to be following the COVID-19 precautions.
I got the Kafta Kebabs and chose salad and Hummus as my sides. It was very good. They serve a complimentary basket of Pita Bread also. My coworker got the grilled shrimp salad and she liked it as well.
The prices are reasonable, too. It's a nice addition to the CBD for sure!Great and affordable food with amazing portions and flavors. Would go to New Orleans just for it!The food is absolutely amazing! We walked in and the energy and vibe is just so positive. The service was the best we had while enjoying our girls trip in NOLA. It's a cute spot and I cannot emphasize enough how amazing the food was. The hummus is authentic and super tasty. I ordered a lamb burger with egg and it was out of this world delicious! The hummus with feta was super delicious as well! Definitely visit this place while in Nola.Hands down, the best Lebanese food I've ever eaten! The hummus is insanely delicious. The chicken shawarma is seasoned & cooked to perfection. The service is great, cleanliness is impeccable, & prices are reasonable.So excited! I finally am trying food from the restaurant OLIVE.  I wish I lived in this area of NewOrleans so that I could eat here weekly! Sooooo good!