OMG!  Seriously, some of these best cornbread I have ever had.  We discovered this family owned place during our last trip to the NO back in 2005.  It was so good we went back for 2 additional hits of their buttery cornbread.  It's crack I tellya, crack.  Why the hell else would I take a picture of it.   The fried seafood is really good too.  Go for lunch, if my memory is correct they have a different menu at lunch and I think they only serve their cornbread at lunch time.The concierge at our hotel recommended this restaurant after we asked for a creole restaurant nearby.  My friend and I both had the jambalaya and fried catfish and were both sorely disappointed.  The catfish had no flavor and the jambalaya was dry and lukewarm.  The atmosphere was no better.  Our server was nice enough.  I give it two stars, one for the service and one for the free cornbread with honey butter sauce.First off all the really good local restaurants are closed on Sunday nights so we ended up in the tourist trap water front area for dinner. Went to Oliver's with a party of 8. We had a variety of entrees from the menu and all I can say is for $40 per person (total bill including the already added 18% gratuity and tax and a $40 bottle of wine) what a disappointment. Took 45 min to get our food, and of the 6 different dishes only 1 had any real flavor (ravioli). If you're looking for bland and slow close to the quarter this is the place to go.So I'm quite certain I will never be returning to this restaurant. Upon walking in the manager greets us and asks where we were from. A friend of mine, and the only one amongst us from Louisiana, responded. The manager came back with a comment about my friend being from a trailer park when he heard where he was from (he's never lived in a trailer). So immediately not a good impression. 
We get seated, the manager tells us our server is going to be male, a female shows up. Clearly bad communication. The waitress greets us and asks how we're doing and I return the question. She responds that she has been better. I'm a server and I know from experience, even if you're having a bad day, you don't show it or just come right out and say it. 
The waitress suggests homemade hurricanes to drink. Two of the people in my party decide to try one. They were horrible. They were so potent u could hardly drink them. They definitely needed to add a little juice. Some cornbread with a honey sauce came to the table. It was very good! As an appetizer, the 4 of us split a sampler platter.... Which took 25 minutes to hit the table. The shrimp were good. The catfish was plain. The salmon patties were just OK. The red beans were pretty good. The turnip greens were very bitter. Overall not impressed. 
For our entrees: One friend got the rib eye, it was undercooked. His wife got a blackened fish. The only reason the fish was "blackened" was because it was burnt. My fiancé got the jambalaya and catfish plate. The jambalaya was decent but the catfish was again plain. I had the shrimp scampi. It was pretty much the only positive thing about the whole meal besides the cornbread. Oh and did I mention it took 45 minutes after we finished our appetizer for the entrees to get there...Ugh, what a disappointment. My husband and I love creole, Cajun cooking and had such high hopes for this place. We had heard great things. The appetizers were great, the bloody Mary's good and the service was fantastic. So why only two stars? The entrees were not good. I had crab ravioli and it was ok. Decent sauce but not real pizazz. My husband had the jambalaya and cat fish and to be honest it seemed as if it was left overs. The jambalaya was horrible-old. The shrimp and sausage were falling apart as of cooked way too long and there was just no flavor. Very disappointing.Olivier's is a bit away from some of the more popular streets in the Quarter.
I wanted to start off by saying that our service was great.  Our server was very ingratiating and took time to get to know us.
Secondly, the dessert was great!  We have had bread pudding after every meal while we have been here and this was, by far, the best.  We also got the bourbon infused pecan pie, which was delicious, especially if you like the taste of bourbon.
The entrees, however, were just average in my opinion.  I did not think the rabbit was very good at all, even though it is supposed to be the house specialty.  The oyster dressing that came with it was very sagey.  
We also got the trio sampler, which had way too much dried parsley as a garnish.  The Shrimp & Chicken Andouille Jambalaya was good, but there was only a small scoop of that.  The sausage, in particular, was delicious.  The blackened fish filet turned out to be catfish, which I do not really care for.  The Crawfish Étouffée had good flavor, but they put it over top of the catfish, which took away from the flavor of the fish and did not let the Etouffee shine - I would have liked to see it separated.  
We got some cornbread with our meal, which was decadent - I know that seems like an odd word to describe cornbread, but it was.  A generous mixture of melted butter and honey was poured over the top of the bread and made it amazing.  
We did not have one, but they have a homemade hurricane that is steeping in a glass cooler with all kinds of fruit - it looks like it would have tasted amazing.  They also had two other cocktails steeping in other flavors that you might want to check out.  
My suggestion is to go to a different restaurant for dinner and then stop by here for dessert on your way back to your hotel.Ahh.  Ok, but not great.  Wait service was really poor and the wine list wasn't current/accurate.  Got same wine, wrong year and waiter didn't seem to understand.  Another at the table loved his dinner, mine was Ok but not great..I don't think my husband and I ordered the right things.  I had the vegetarian pasta and he had the chicken smothered in cheese.  The pasta was good, I just did not like the sauce it came in because it was kind of bland.  My husband said his chicken was dry.  The best part of the meal was the salad that came with it, have the garlic dressing, it was amazing.  I think as long as you get the specials of the house you will be happy.One of my favorite things to do when in New Orleans is check out restaurants. The difference this time around was that I had my kids, so I wanted to find a place that they felt comfortable in (see Grand Isle). We stayed at the Westin near the river this time around, so I decided to ask the concierge about some places close by. She told me about an Italian Creole Place on Decatur and also about Olivier's. So we treked from the hotel on foot and ran into O's first (right across the street from the House of Blues. We met one of the owners who was "barking up" business outside and he was a consumate gentleman. We looked at the menu and while there wasnt any kid centric dishes, he assured me that they could accomodate a special order.
Have you ever sat down at a place and it took more than a few minutes to get waited on, so you think its an omen for a bad experience and you know you should leave? If I had been by myself or with other adults, I would have encouraged it. My kids get a tad embarassed when dad is a hard ass (never rude mind you), so we decided to stay. Unfortunately, it was the wrong choice. With so many great restaurants in this town, you just hate to suffer through a mediocre experience. Let me summarize. Waiter was smarmy, unattentive and ill trained. Who ever taught you that it was ok to go around the table stacking dishes when picking them up. Ugh. The rabbit was flavorless as was the "oyster dressing" ($18.95), shrimp scampi was nothing more than grilled ($16.95) and even the open food pasta with fettucine and chicken was overun with vegetables, etc. Wine (good bottle selection) by the glass was ok but smallish and the dessert at $7.95 was certainly not prepared onsite and was average. I am all for family recipes but just like what Professor Colonel Sanders told the Waterboy....Mommas wrong again! What passed for fine dining here just didnt cut the roux. If you look at  my 100 reviews, you know I dont give out two stars lightly, but this place was every bit deserving.Walked in on a quiet Wednesday night, where only three other tables were occupied.  We should've walked out right then and there, but we figured it was just a mid-week lull.
This is not an exaggeration, but FIVE MINUTES after we ordered, our food came out.  At least they could've *pretended* they were cooking our food to order, rather than simply reheating leftovers.
Our dish of complimentary cornbread was bone-dry.  Perhaps it had been drenched in honey butter a day or two prior, but it certainly hadn't seen any moisture that day.
Our gumbo was cold on top but piping hot on the bottom, so we mixed up the bowl to get a lukewarm appetizer.
Based on other Yelpers' reviews about the "tough" creole rabbit, Olivier's preys on people who have never eaten rabbit before.  We've cooked numerous rabbit dishes at home and know how tender it can be.  Again, the rabbit might've been tender at some point, but it was certainly not cooked fresh that day.  It was also cold to the touch, and the accompanying rice pilaf was super dry.
All told, we were seated, ordered, fed, paid, and out the door in 35 minutes.
Another minus:  Olivier's website shows the creole rabbit priced at $22.95, so you're ready to spend $20ish, but once you're in the restaurant, it's $27.95 and you're spending almost $30 for a reheated plate of mediocre food.
The only plus is that the waitress was super nice and made us feel right at home.
That wasn't enough to save the experience, though.  
I expect to see Olivier's on Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares soon.Place is great and not the usual tourist trap in New Orleans.  Food is authentic, great service and food taste and quality was top notch.Not quite a tourist trap...but pretty close. 
Good: The cornbread with honey butter was almost worth the visit by itself. Granted, overly sweetened cornbread, but c'mon it was glorious!
My wife had the pork medallions with a killer plum sauce. Killer, but could probably be made at home with very minimal cooking know how.
I had the classic trio, blackened fish, jambalaya, étouffée. It was moderately good.
Bad: Not cooked to order. We had both of our orders out of the kitchen to the table in under 10 minutes. Probably closer to 7. I was shocked.
Classic trio sampler was bland and basic. Nothing special about any of the components on their own.
Each entree was like $25. Let's be real, the food was good...but it wasn't $25 a pop good. If you're going to drop that for dinner, go to Domenica or NOLA. Infinitely better.WE LOVED THIS PLACE...IT was a very nice bistro.  The service was great, the food was delicious, and the WINE menu was very reasonable.  We loved the cornbread with honey!! YUM YUM, and the salad dressing - well we bought a bottle for $12 - it was that good.  This is definitely a place to come back to.  We enjoyed our meal and the service was good, and most importantly, it was not that expensive.  Real creole authentic food.Let me start off by saying I grew up eating here with my Grandmother every other Friday when it was in the "neighbourhood". One of my monthly dinner crews went just this pass Friday and for the price point I was not pleased! I spent $50 total and let's just say I left wanting a hot sausage sandwich from any corner store. I was born and raised in nola and consider myself somewhat of a foodie. While the food was kind of tasty the amount seemed to not be worth the price. Now I get they are located in the "quarters" but for my hard earned money I can think of a few more places to spend $50.If only for the food, to be honest, they are probably over-charging. 
But the ambience was so nice - intimate yet classy.
Seafood gumbo was a complete indulgement.
Comparatively, the shrimp etuffee was good, but not as good.Was introduced to this nice restaurant by the concierge at the Sheraton Hotel where it came highly recommended.
The best quality by far here, was the fantastic food. Everything was absolutely delicious. The corn bread was to die for, and my roast beef Poboy was oversized and left me incredibly full. To top it all off I had a perfectly made Hurricane, that left me perfectally buzzed at the end of my meal. 
Service was decent and our waiter was very friendly. This restaurant has a quieter atmosphere for lunch.
Will come back next time I am in New Orleans.The house gumbo is just astonishingly good, as was the eggplant with Creole sauce. The jambalaya with fried catfish was dry and flavorless, though. Advice: go for appetizers.Slow, the food was so so. The gumbo was actually bad. I thought the fried shrimp were good but by the time they came to the table all i wanted to do was get the hell out of there. For the price we paid i expected far better which is why i left a one star.ALERT!! They absolutely will not split the check.  A completely ridiculous policy.  I brought 20 people there for my birthday and they refused plastic and splitting the check.  
The food is good. The rabbit was outstanding.  The waitress did a great job.  However, if I had it to do over again, I would pick another restaurant.Pros: attentive and super friendly staff, elegant yet not stuffy ambience, tasty bread pudding, fun history and family recipes increase the charm.
Cons: butter(for bread) very cold and entirely unspreadable, salad had not-so-fresh wilty greens, Creole rabbit had very bland brown gravy which surprised me. Maybe I don't know Creole cooking enough, but when do "bland" and "Creole" mix?  The carrots that accompanied the rabbit seemed just boiled and that's it.I came to Olivier from a recommendation of my hotel's concierge after asking for recs for Crayfish Étouffée (I had a craving after a 8 hour drive). 
The elegant cursive sign above the restaurant made it stand out amongst the bars and nightlife on Decatur St, but it was exactly what I was looking for. The ambience was calm and relaxed, with fun old jazzy music playing in the background, nicely framed photos and paintings on the brick walls. 
I read through the other Yelp reviews and was excited to experience "real Creole cuisine." I ordered crayfish with a glass of parallele 48 (a french wine). First I got a basket of bread ( no corn bread alas) and a really good salad with the original creole dressing (waiter didn't come by with freshly grown pepper). 
Next, I got my plate of Crayfish Étouffée which contained the sauce and crayfish surrounding a large pile of rice, some raw kale, a slice of carrot, baby corn, sliver of red pepper and a lemon wedge. The etouffee portion tasted good, mild in flavor but a good sauce. 
As I was eating my dish, I noticed some really hard pieces of rice that I couldn't chew. The maître d' came by at that moment and asked how everything was. I mentioned the rice issue and he said that they must be scraping the bottom of the rice cooker. He left afterwards, and I expected he would make an adjustment to my bill to compensate. 
Later, I decided to splurge on the bread pudding based on the raving reviews. It was very good, but I could only eat 1/3 of it. 
When I got the bill, I saw I was charged in full, talked to my waiter who then talked to the maître d' and ended up getting my bread pudding comped. It was nice of them, but would've been great if they had thought to adjust the bill without my asking.Great food, but I'm not Cajun expert. What I was more impressed with was the excellent service. Very well trained staff. A little pricey, but that's the only negative thing I could say.The service was excellent and friendly, starting with the host -- in jeans on a Saturday night, which I preferred to some of the over-dressed stuffiness elsewhere in the FQ -- and I'm guessing from another review that he is the owner. The food was just ok. I had the rabbit, which was reasonable but nothing special. The most striking thing about it was that carrot appeared in three forms: diced in the stew, carrots among the baby veg side, and a pickled raw carrot unnecessary garnish. And, seriously, baby veg? I expected classic Creole, and didn't need to know that the chef cut his teeth in the 1970s or whenever those were popular. If you're looking for a restaurant with no wait at 8pm on a Saturday, this is an option, but you might prefer to look for a better one.We came across Olivier's Creole Restaurant somewhat by happenstance.  We were returning from a visit to the WWII Museum (which B/T/W, was a must see, but we'll save that review for later).  On our way back to our hotel in the French Quarter, I was craving for some gumbo and pulled Yelp on my iPhone to see what was on the way.  I read the reviews for Olivier's and thought that this was worth stopping by for a quick bite.  It was about 5 p.m. on a Monday night, and we were immediately seated.  There were two other tables occupied at that time, so we had a choice of tables and took the one against the front window.  The host was very courteous, and our waitress came immediately with ice water and an offer of a cocktail or drink.  She asked where we were from and was quite friendly.  She was also very knowledgeable about the items on the menu, and make several recommendations.  
We had the special appetizer not on the menu, "eggplant Olivier!"  Winners!  It was an excellent choice of generous slices of eggplant perfectly cooked, and smothered with an exquisite creole sauce with shrimp.
My wife had the blackened catfish, and I had the gumbo sampler.  Both were delicious, and not overpowered by any particular flavors or seasonings.  I felt like I was eating "home cooking" at a good friend's house.  We were even greeted by the owner, who was checking on our comfort.  We both definitely would recommend this fine restaurant.This was our last super fancy meal in town and we enjoyed it a lot. Between the 2 of us we got the 2 "tasting" plates they had so we could get as much variety as possible.  We started with the gumbo tasting and it was awesome. My jambalaya and etouffee were delish. Also I think some people are under the notion that creole food should be spicy - it's not and it's not supposed to be. It's more down home and therefore a much milder taste - and it was great. The bottle of wine we chose was perfect for the meal and the service was excellent. I would however quibble with the two $$ sign rating sign on Yelp.  This is definitely a more pricey restaurant and our bill for 2 people came to well over $140.Quick Summary:
-Used to love
-Terrible experience with service and food last visit and cannot justify going again.
Rant:
Olivier's used to be my favorite NOLA spot for a special dinner in town. Not as famous as some, but just as delicious. Naturally, I was very eager to take my girlfriend there a week or so ago. We're greeted nicely, seated promptly, and served relatively quickly. We ordered the shrimp cocktail appetizer, the signature rabbit dish (one of my favorites on their menu), and the fried catfish and jambalaya. The only thing that was cooked properly and actually delicious was the shrimp cocktail (really, how hard is it to make a cocktail sauce and boil some shrimp, though?). The rabbit that arrived came with a side of some kind of rice and steamed carrots. The rabbit was overcooked, stringy, and damn near inedible. The rice was overcooked to the point where it was practically a mound of mush. The steamed carrots were just that: steamed carrots (nothing special). The fried catfish was fine but nothing special at all. However the jambalaya was dry and just poor. I've had both of these dishes before, they were fabulous both other times I've been to this restaurant: tender, delicious, cooked expertly, etc. I stayed in a Bed and Breakfast and the jambalaya they served at breakfast one more was superior in every way to this dish...and that was free. I ate the catfish and jambalaya nonetheless, but my girlfriend and I both agreed that the rabbit needed to be sent back (neither of us has ever sent food back to the kitchen anywhere); it was easily the worst meal I had ever tasted at such a "high caliber" restaurant. It was something that I might have expected to receive at a pub.
So we sent it back. The waitress was very nice and asked if we wanted something else instead. My girlfriend ordered the salmon and crab cakes instead. The crab and salmon cakes arrived and were edible as it's nearly impossible to screw up something that is fried (but again, this was nothing special and really not that great). The potatoes that came with them were just potatoes; essentially they were either boiled are steamed without any spices whatsoever. All three dishes we received were below par or worse. What's worse is that no manager came by to apologize. It would have taken less than a minute to ask if there anything he could do or simply just apologize for our dissatisfaction with the food. Not a peep. The rabbit was comp-ed but we were charged for the salmon and crab cakes which were more expensive. No comp-ed food (except what was unacceptable and sent back), no apology, no complimentary dessert, no anything. We spent $100+ (w/ a bottle of wine) on three dishes and an appetizer for a decent app and three terrible dinners. I would have rather eaten bar food. We paid the bill and got up to leave. No one said anything to us as we left. 
This entire experience was heartbreaking for me. I can't even imagine what happened to this restaurant. It's not difficult to not overcook meat and/or rice. If the rabbit wasn't up to par, it shouldn't be served. Certainly they've cooked these dishes thousands of times. They know how they should come out. I am still baffled. It's like I'm in crazytown giving Olivier's a 1-star out of 5. This is just my most recent experience. I can assure you it will be my last. I'd rather spend my time at Jacques Imo's or Galatoire's and I can't justify paying this amount of money for a dinner that might come out like this.
I hope they can turn things around. It's unacceptable for this kind of restaurant with such a history to phone it in like this.
UPDATE: Sent this review through Olivier's website in addition to Yelp. The owner (Armand Olivier) replied to my email with deep regrets. He thanked me for my candidness and seemed deeply upset by this information. Perhaps the variability evidenced by many of these Yelp reviews was unknown to him. I appreciate the response and have bumped my review to 2 stars.Perhaps I had high expectations since my friends and food blogs recommended Olivier's for traditional Creole food.  The place is definitely traditional-- the waitstaff is formal and the decor is reminiscent of an old-fashioned Southern Auntie's dining room.  Since it was our first night in NOLA, we ordered a round of the house made Hurricane-- not a go-to drink generally but I thought it was strong and tasty (but maybe had too much cherry liqueur).  The gumbo appetizer was probably the highlight of the meal-- each was sooo delicious!  I ordered the Taster's Platter-- a fried combo of fish, shrimp, a crab & salmon cake with greens and red beans.  The fried food was cooked well and not greasy since it was battered lightly with corn meal.  Pretty good but all the fried food became one note and I couldn't distinguish one from the other after a few bites.  The cakes were bland and mushy-- I didn't like them at all.  The collard greens and red beans though were well seasoned and tasty.  My friends liked their dishes: the roast duckling and New Orleans Classic Trio, and both tasted better than mine.  Overall, the dishes are a hit-miss so I'd suggest getting the waiter's recommendations."Quand boyaux grogne, bel 'evite pas fait ye pe."  This old proverb never rang so true.  I had to watch my budget the last time I was down in NO, because I really only wanted to spend on the most important part of my trip - food!
Thank goodness my sister's graduation dinner was held at Olivier's.  I was determined to save my ever growing appetite for that meal - even skipping breakfast.  We started with a salad & some fresh cornbread, which were both great.  The three entrees she chose for her menu were: jambalaya w/fried catfish, poulet au fromage, & shrimp creole.  My other sister & I went the jambalaya/shrimp creole route - 'borrowing' from each other's plates as we've always (lovingly) done.  
The food was good - albeit, expectedly,  a little mild on the spices.  I frequently make shrimp creole at home, so I tend to prefer my own.  I loved the jambalaya & catfish - in fact, I'd like some right now.  I had some merlot; and, then, another glass of an obscure blush wine.  I thought I was set for the evening after that....
I'm never prone to using profanity, but the bread pudding here = obscenities!!!  Maybe I need to add a star to their rating.  My mother gave me a lecture about using whiskey versus rum, and what's the 'traditional, authentic' Louisiana recipe.  Hmmm, thanks Mama, but I really can't pretend to care when it just tastes so good!  Even my 2 year old niece knew that that was the best item served that afternoon.  I took my other half home to eat later & it was soaked in sauce. Yum!!!!  
The service was great, and my entire family had a great time.  The staff was very cordial and pleasant.  I will return.... definitely.My boyfriend and I came here for a pre-concert dinner (House of Blues is right across the street). I ordered some shrimp entree and my boyfriend had the rabbit. The only thing I enjoyed was the pickled okra, everything else was too bland or too salty. I was terrified I was going to get ill because everything was not hot, just lukewarm. They need to revamp these recipes, it was awful.I went out here with some of my former coworkers and I enjoyed the experience. I had rabbit, oysters, mushrooms, and eggplant. They were all pretty good. I do not think I have had any of these dishes before and they all presently surprised me. I atmosphere was great for a group of 5-6 people as well as probably smaller groups. I would definitely come back here.Nice place with attentive staff.  Food was overpriced, options were limited and not very good.  The shrimp scampi came in a milky kind of sauce with a large pile of brown rice.  There were seven small shrimp, so you'll need every bit of the rice.  Left  there hungry.Do not eat here. Do not waste your time or your hard earned money. Quite possibly the worst meal of my trip. The cornbread was good but even that was microwaved before they brought it out and it most definitely didn't make up for everything else being awful.Cornbread is akin to crack cocaine. Louisiana BBQ Shrimp was such an amazing appetizer that we asked to keep the dish to dip pieces of our entree. The staff was extremely kind and helpful but not too overbearing. Highly recommended!If I could give this place 3 and a half stars, I would. It just wasn't quite 4 star good... My husband and I visited Olivier's, and we were slightly disappointed. Here are the ups and downs of our visit: 
Service - Man our waiter was awful!  Not rude or anything, just way too scatterbrained to be a waiter.  I think just about every other waiter in the place was great though. We did have a couple other waiters help out at our table though, and they were very good. 
Food - The bread was nice, but the butter was darn near frozen solid. The salads were great, and they come with every entree (always a good thing!). I highly recommend the Creole Vinaigrette. My husband tried the Spicy Blue Cheese and it wasn't nearly as good as the vinaigrette. I ordered the Shrimp Scampi, which was excellent. I later found out that it's actually the staff favorite. My husband ordered the Crawfish Etouffee and it was very, very bland. DO NOT order the Crawfish Etouffee if you decide to visit. Fix yourself some Zataran's at home for better flavor. 
Decor - This restaurant is very pretty. It's very elegant with beautiful chandeliers, dark woods, and pretty linen tablecloths. However, on our visit we saw everything from suits to shorts, so don't worry about having to get dressed up. Anything goes here. 
Overall - I would go back and just cross my fingers and hope for a better waiter. The shrimp scampi is definitely worth a repeat visit.this is the number one resteraunt I recomend.  It is a third generation creole resteraunt with some fith generation recopies.    Prier to entree , the bring out corn bread soaked in honey butter, and I would order the $4 house saliad.Worst restaurant ever. Potatoes and caviar looked great until I cut in and realized the potatoes were raw in the middle. I told the server and he simply took it away and didn't say anything. 40 minutes later, I got tired of waiting for my entree. I walked to the bar and asked for my check and told them to cancel my order. The server came out and I told him I wanted my check. He simply said "don't worry about it,  bye bye" and walked away.  He acted like I was the problem. I stood there stunned for a few seconds and then left. At least I got 2 beers for free.Fantastic. if you want an authentic local cajan/creole place with great value, this is it.I had the Jambalaya with fried catfish, and a bottle of wine. Service, atmosphere and wine was good, but I was not impressed by the Jambalaya (and it was way too salty for my taste). We didn't reserve, and they gave us a tiny table next to the wall which was a bit too small to stay comfortably for a long time.Uninspired duck, oily pasta that needed salt, and a short by the glass wine list. Also, simply incompetent service. I'm told that others had a better time, but I will not return.Was looking for a good place to eat, and since I was traveling, I did not think to dress up for the restaurant we wanted to go to. On a whim, we went to Oliviers looking at the stars on Yelp, but not reading the reviews.
We ordered the Taster platter and the Catfish Jambalaya. The Taster platter was "okay." I mean, the fried catchfish and fried shrimp was pretty good and tasted fresh, but other than that, the crab cake was too mushy, the potatoes were too oily, and the gumbo has little flavor.
The Jambalaya did not seem to have a lot a flavor. 
Other than that, the service was fine. Being visitors in NOLA, I probably would not come back and continue to explore other restaurants on subsequent visits.If you enjoy excellent  food, service and atmosphere at the same time and place, you will get it here!
My wife took me here for my B'day while we were here on vacation and I must say it was one of the best dinner's we had in New Orleans!
Had reservations for 8:30 pm and arrived early. We were greeted with a smile and the maitre d' said Welcome and sat us immediately.
Our waiter / server was named Sam, he was great, smiling and joking with us the whole time we were there.
The food was excellent, we had the rabbit and the gumbo sampler. The corn bread was so good we wanted more!!
The owner was there and walked around to every table thanking you for choosing Olivier's for dinner. He was more than happy to take a picture with us.
I am highly recommending that you go here for dinner when you are in NOLA...Next time we go to New Orleans, Olivier's will be on our list.....
Enjoy,
James W.Overall a good meal. We went on the suggestion of a friend who lives in NO. We had the crab ravioli and the eggplant appetizer. I thought the appetizer was so-so, but the ravioli was AMAZING! Delicious cornbread and the salad was very good as well. Our waiter was a great and very friendly.It was my first night in New Orleans and the concierge at the Marriott suggested this place for some good authentic New Orleans food on Wednesday night and that they would be open until 10pm.  My group walked by at 9:30pm and they had a closed sign up despite posted hours till 10pm, so we went somewhere else.  On my last night in town we decided to give this place a shot again and made a reservation for 5.  My group arrived and half the restaurant was empty but it still took them some time to seat us and they seemed in disarray we didn't even get menus for the first 5-10 minutes and they were running a limited menu for some reason.  We order our drinks and food and it didn't take long for them to get to the table.  I had the creole gumbo to start and it was good with bits of sausage and shrimp.  For the main course had their New Orleans trio with jambalaya, blackened fish and a roasted corn and ham which all tasted great.  The fish was flaky and flavorful, and the jambalaya had big chunks of shrimp and sausage.  While the food was for the most part very good here, our server wasn't very attentive.  Waters didn't get filled, we had to wait a while to order another round of drinks, my buddy ordered a bourbon and was brought  Jack Daniels whiskey... These things aren't enough for me to rate this restaurant badly but enough for me to rate it average instead of good or great.Avoid. Overly sassy service, overpriced everything, mediocre food, took over an hour to get food. So many better restaurants for half the price. 
It was a terrible experience. I've had better bar food.A small place with a unique menu.  The food was good and the service was decent.  The decor is nice, if a bit cramped.  They staff takes great pride in the food.  A friendly feel helped add to the evening, but it's not a special occasion kind of place.My husband and I left this restaurant very dissatisfied. We visited just yesterday (July 19, 2014) because it was highly recommended to us by a New Orleans native. I wish we would've chosen to dine elsewhere based on both the food and service. 
My husband ordered the trio platter and requested that his fish be fried hard. When the food was brought out, his fish was not cooked as he ordered it. Cool... He returned his dish to the kitchen for a quick fix. Well, when his meal was brought back out everything else besides the fish was cold. Plus, the other items (greens, red beans and rice) lacked seasoning and flavor. We let the hostess know (who we later found out was the manager) and she was apologetic and assured us it would be resolved. In the meantime, our server Chris, came over with an attitude and asked,"What's the problem, now?". He rolled his eyes, shook his head and very flippantly took the sides back to the kitchen. Mind you, the restaurant was pretty empty as it had just opened so I'm sure the kitchen was not that busy. At that point, my husband didn't ask for anything else... He ate his fish without any sides. The manager was great! She comped my husband's dish due to the inconveniences we encountered. She also apologized on the behalf of her server who never came back to attend to us. The manager pretty much became our server while Chris stood behind the bar chatting with his coworker. 
I ordered the crab ravioli and would actually recommend it. Just beware that it is a rich and greasy dish. 
It was an experience and we will not be returning to Olivier's. It sad that a restaurant with such great history didn't live up to its reputation.When I walked in, I was convinced that vampires inhabited the house. I was excited to eat here! It was lunchtime on a Saturday around 1pm and it wasn't too busy on this quiet street. We just sat wherever we wanted.
There is a long staircase right by the entrance and I was very tempted to use it. It's also very dimly lit pass the dining room and the bar. I was almost reluctant to use the bathroom in the back. I love that feeling.
The waitress/bartender recommended these new drinks she was mixing up so four of us each had one. The other two were staying away from alcohol. Let me tell you something, their corn bread with syrup (probably family recipe) was the best thing I've ever had. We devoured it in 2 minutes. I love sweets before the meal.
We proceed to order our entrees. Everything was fried, it seems like; except the salads. The pork chop was pretty. Two of ordered the jambalaya with deep fried catfish strips. The rice was a bowl's worth but it was surrounded by fish. It was battered pretty thickly so it was a lot to eat. We stripped the fried crunchy stuff and ate most of the fish. 
Disappointed that this wasn't a vampire house, I left happy and full stomached.Horrible food, bitter waiter, slow service, bad beer selection... Not sure what all the good reviews are about. With all the good options to go to in New Orleans, this one shouldn't even be in the top 50.
The cornbread they brought was good. 
The potato/caviar appetizer was so so. 
The mushroom appetizer was good. 
The BBQ shrimp appetizer is a travesty to shrimp, I felt bad they gave their life for that dish. 
The gumbo is the worst I've ever had. 
No one liked the trio or scampi.We were directed here by the hotel on our first in town.  We had the jambalaya and a bottle of wine.
Wine menu was pretty good but the food was nothing special.  The atmosphere was less special.  
The place was clean but seam to play on the tourist concept versus a dining experience.This family restaurant has stood the test of time and couldn't be more authentic and inviting. As an homage to their lineage, the menu is charmingly arranged by the family member who originated/perfected the dish.
It's been years, but I still remember the "New Potatoes with Caviar" app and start to salivate. (New potatoes, steamed, hollowed and filled with gingered dill sour cream, then topped with caviar.) The bread pudding with whiskey sauce is amongst the best in the city - and believe me, I made sure to get a representative sample from which to judge.Went to this restaurant on Sheraton hotel guy recommendation. It's average we had Rabbit and Catfish. I would give an average rating compare to other restaurants in New OrleansI ordered the Eggplant appetizer special and Roasted Chicken. Both dishes were strongly recommended by the waitress. 
The eggplant dish was tasteless slop.
Next, they brought ought this black piece of wood that my knife couldn't cut which was called roasted chicken. It may have been roasted chicken six days prior.
For $75 per person without coffee or desert, we needed to get some real food after leaving.
This place was pathetic.I came here for the Proctor & Gamble Essence Festival 2010 sponsor dinner. I have to say that if you want authentic NOLA food, this is not your place.  I've heard wonderful things about this place and maybe I caught them on a bad day our entire group thought the food was a sit down version of Creole fast food restaurant.
The meal was average and the desert was downright awful!  The owner said the bread pudding was his mother's own recipe and if it is, it should have remained with her and not shared with a single soul.Went here on recommendation and I was not disappointed. The Eggplant Olivier was really good. The crawfish in the sauce scared me a bit as I'm not a crawfish eater, but it was delicious and I was so glad I tried it. The waiter talked me into the Crab ravioli. Wow! A must have. The real treat of this meal was the honey soaked cornbread they serve you right away. I could have eaten 5 of them. All in all a wonderful experience in a city of amazing food choices.The Redfish was OUTSTANDING!!!
The Shrimp & Andouille Jambalaya, and Crawfish Étouffée were both Very Good, I only wish the portions for these sides were larger.
This is what we had: New Orleans Classic Trio $24.95
Blackened Redfish, Shrimp & Andouille Jambalaya, and Crawfish Étouffée. All three are prepared in the unique Creole style, reflecting the traditional preparation of the individual neighborhood in which it originated.This is a cozy place a bit off the beaten track.  It has nice white table cloth service and the waiter was great.    I thought my roast chicken was a bit on the salty side, but my companion was happy with his meal.  The cornbread is great.    I gave it four stars for trying very hard to make this a good restaurant although my impression was more on the lukewarm side.I lived in New Orleans for three years but never had the opportunity to eat at this restaurant.  A few weeks ago, while visiting the city with a few friends we ended up at this spot for dinner. The restaurant was in an old house which is pretty normal for New Orleans, but it made for a very nice and intimate atmosphere.  I'll start with the drinks. Being in New Orleans, I had to get a hurricane (I'm pretty sure it's a law) and it was delicious. I think they make the rum in-house and it's infused with fruit. It packed a good punch. I'd definitely recommend their hurricanes. Another friend of my had a drink (I don't remember the name) made with their own sweet tea vodka. She loved it. Next, we skipped appetizers and they weren't really necessary because they served this delicious cornbread that came with the honey butter sauce. The cornbread was great. We had to discipline ourselves and make sure to actually save room for our entrees (a nice segue) . I ordered the catfish with jambalaya. The portion was larger than I expected, which was a nice surprise. The catfish was excellent. It was piping hot and well-seasoned. The jambalaya leaved a lot to be desired. I've made and had better jambalaya, but the catfish was so good, I didn't mind it too much. One of my friends ordered the shrimp scampi which she really enjoyed, but unfortunately wasn't very filling. My other friend ordered a seafood sampler which she also enjoyed. However the greens that came with it were just ok. As you can imagine we were too stuffed for dessert, but overall the food was pretty good and the experience was great. I'd eat here again.Nice atmosphere for a date. The food is over priced to be just average. The service is okay too, but nothing exceptional about this place... Just regular.I was part of a large birthday dinner here.  Perhaps Olivier's is fine for small groups of diners, but for larger groups (which they seem to specialize in with their upstairs facility), they fell well short of reasonable expectations.  So, ignore the people who tell you to ignore the unfavorable reviews.  This review and series of observations are all based in fact.
They were understaffed to accommodate our party and three other large parties.  Fail.
We had a multi-round debate with the kitchen over whether one of their appetizers/dishes was, in fact, meatless (and had asked in advance that our menu be planned with vegetarians in mind).  After swearing up and down that said dish was meatless, they eventually conceded that it was not.  Fail.
Gumbo wasn't anything to write home about.  Fail.
Carrots, a side dish with my entree, were woefully overcooked.  Fail.
Rabbit, my main entree, was overcooked and tough.  I've never had rabbit like that.  Fail.
I've worked in a restaurant kitchen - timing dishes for large parties can be extremely challenging, but this crew didn't really seem to have it together at all, and disappointed heartily once the food actually arrived.  
So why two stars instead of one?  The servers, even though they were running like crazy, were actually very nice, and did the best they could (or so it seemed).Here is where I went crazy for one bite. 
One bite of the shrimp scampi ($25) was so much different from my hometown's own version. Pair up the rice, the shrimp, the light garlic and chive white wine sauce on your fork----BAM! The taste buds are happy in one bite.
My friend had the creole trio ($28) which was a variety dish of blackened fish, crawfish étouffée and shrimp jambalaya. The best part of her dish was the crawfish étouffée. It was nothing like my dish but had a little more spice and a grittier bite to it. Personally, I'd opt for another menu selection but she was happy.
There is a complimentary cornbread that is soaked in honey for those who crave the taste of something sweet.
The staff was attentive and friendly! Our waitress looked young enough to be in high school but she really knew the menu for us out of town visitors. While the price was a bit much, this was our fine dining spender for our trip and I had no regrets.
Side note: my left overs were boxed up for one of the street performers I ran into later. Waste not want not is my motto. Besides, that was 'some good eats'.Was okay but not great. Too many better options nearby for same price range and better atmosphere.I was in NO for a long weekend a few weeks ago and stopped in for a bowl of gumbo. It was delicious.  In fact, after trying it at 3 or 4 other places around town, I preferred Oliver's.  I'd go back for gumbo for sure.Perfect cold weather warmth combined with Southern Hospitality at it's finest.Our server seemed like a pro, and went out of his way for us. Really liked this place, and will go back. The food was memorable because they seemed to have some stuff that I couldn't find anywhere else. The Yelp Monocle made it happen.Cornbread was awesome. Raspberry Vodka was phenomenal. However my fried seafood platter was a bit under seasoned.The best food in French quarter...one of the best salads I have ever had. Buy their salad dressing, its mind blowing.This place embodies creole cuisine. First off it is NOT a tourist trap. If you want to escape the loud restaurants that claim to be authentic then look no farther. 
thank you Thank You THANK YOU. this restaurant made our trip.
The food was out of this world. we had:
-stuffed mushrooms
-eggplant olivier - shrimp, crawfish, crab, and magic stuffed in two thick slices of eggplant = heaven
-three salads - spicy blue cheese dressing, homemade bourbon vinaigrette dressing
- gumbo sampler - three gumbos that were like nothing I've tasted before
- the seafood sampler - no oysters due to gulf coast oil spill :(
- the rabbit - carrots, herbed rice, corn bread dressing, and the best rabbit I've ever had
- bread pudding
- bourbon pecan pie
- bottle of red wine
all for under 150.00 including a healthy tip.
the host, the owner, and the chef came out to talk with us making recommendations and tell some stories of the city and the food. I felt like family while i ate here. We will be back and tell everyone about it!!!!!!
to really enjoy this restaurant you first need to realize two things: 
1) They are not interested in the "turn and burn" it is a place to sit down and really spend your time. it is not packed full of tables or over crowded. If it takes 10 minutes to see your waiter then simply use the time to talk to your date - remember this is the big easy. 
2) may not be for children. I'm sure children are welcome, as is anyone, the menu and setting is ideal for a romantic date. the menu does not have hamburgers or fries on it.  They do offer superb food for an educated palate.Wonderful attention to detail.
The restaurant offers the foodie lots to love.  Layer on layer of flavor and texture.  A nice wine list, very capable friendly staff, wonderful friendly ambiance.
The cuisine is sort of Creole meets Nouvelle Cuisine.  The portions are generous:  I'm a big guy, and my 1 appetizer/1 entree/1 dessert filled me to bursting.  My mushroom ragout came with a heaping pile of flash fried asparagus juliennes.  The rabbit came with a cup of wild rice mix, another cup of braised carrots, and a half cup of oyster dressing.
My dessert was a pecan tart, nearly 2 inches thick and infused with rum, on an artistic spray of chocolate sauce.  The extra ice cream I ordered was wonderful:  just melted enough to complement the tart.
The cornbread (with real honeycomb-stored honey as a topping) is another nice touch.  Now where is the wheelbarrow to ferry me back to my hotel on Canal Street?
The wine list had perhaps 50 labels.  I had a nice low priced Cote du Rhone at $8 per glass.  The list goes up from there.
All told, with 2 glasses of wine and a glass of Drambuie, my bill was under $90 for one person.
Justin Wilson would love this place were he still here.  Congrats to the Olivier family.
Located a short walk from Bourbon Street, you can escape the drunken revelry, yet still easily find your way back after dinner.
Take your special someone there for a special dinner.
********* Update ******************
I just added a fifth star, after reading some of the negative reviews.. Ces gens sont pleines de merdes.  Creole does Not Equal hot.  Spicy yes, but in a red pepper way, not a Tabasco way necessarily.  Sorry you didn't enjoy your meals boys, but you short changed this joint.  Maybe I can offset some of the damage you've done with my slightly high rating...We just a fabulous dinner and dessert at Oliviers!  We were greeted by the son and daddy was inside making sure everyone was comfy and well taken care of.  I had the shrimp scampi delicious.  My husband and daughter feasted on the classic trio.  And for dessert we loved the homemade ice cream and bourbon pecan pie.  Well done. Felt like a little oasis off the craziness outside of the french quarter.  Highly recommend this gem.Stopped by for an early dinner after getting out of a conference, ordered a Hurricane (described as being prepared with *fresh* fruit juices) and the Jambalaya w/Fried Catfish ($17.95). They gave me a window seat, were incredibly attentive about keeping my water glass filled (no easy task, it was sweltering outside), and were very enthusiastic to recommend a number of their dishes. 
- Received a complimentary green salad and a basket of rolls and cornbread with regular and honey butter. Nothing extravagant, but you won't complain if you're hungry.
- The Hurricane didn't skimp on the liquor, leading me to wonder what the fuss was with *fresh* fruit juice if their flavors were going to be overpowered by rum anyway. Not a bad way to relax after a long day, though. 
- Jambalaya was decently-executed, rice cooked well without being mushy. I was able to detect a few small pieces of sausage and shrimp, would have wished for better portioning. (The dish might've been renamed "Fried Catfish with a side of jambalaya") The catfish was lightly breaded and fried, good texture, but "lightly seasoned" translated into almost no seasoning for my palate. Tartar sauce helped, but eventually I got bored of eating the bland fish sticks and had to stop. 
Wouldn't mind coming back, but now that I know I need stronger flavors, I might be traveling with a bottle of hot sauce in my purse.This was my first experience with creole food, I had the Mama Cheryl's Crawfish Étouffée, and my husband had the pork tenderloin.  I've never had craw fish and it tasted like it was a day past its prime to me and the dish didn't have the flavor I was expecting.  Not a fan, my husband didn't like his pork tenderloin, my in-laws also ordered the same thing but they loved it.  I had the bread pudding and they nuked it before bringing it to the table as it was not only hot but scalded my entire mouth.  This was not oven fresh if it's that hot it's been in the microwave.  The staff was nice and the atmosphere was great too.   Way over priced for microwave food.  $250 for 4 of us to eat.Our limo driver suggested this place because he said the locals like to go here. I had a crawfish dish, my friends had the gumbo and rabbit. There was a nice eggplant appetizer dish too. Not a great wine list, but we found something. It was a nice quaint restaurant.We went to this nice little restaurant located in the French Quarter yesterday night for dinner.  The atmosphere was nice and quiet.
Our server said that they are the only authentic Creole restaurant in the quarter.  The service was pretty good, we got our waters refilled promptly and we were always attended to.
We tried this eggplant special as an appetizer, it was about what I expected, good but it's nothing special.  My friend wanted to try it since he had never eaten eggplant before.
For entrees I had the New Orleans Classic Trio which I thought was pretty great.  It's a good-sized portion of Blackened Redfish, Shrimp & Andouille Jambalaya, and Crawfish Étouffée.  My friend had the Shrimp Creole which he did not really enjoy.
One thing to note is that they do not do separate checks here, which is not too out of the ordinary here.  But the really odd thing was that they will only split your check evenly if you want to use multiple credit cards which we were quite surprised at since we've both been working in the area for months and this the first restaurant that would not let us split the charge into 2 different amounts.
If I ate there by myself I would give them a solid 4 stars, but since my friend really did not enjoy his meal and the issue with the split payment, I'm gonna go with 3 stars for now.We visited this place a couple of weeks ago. Sister-in-law recommended it as she had been here last year and really enjoyed it. This visit was terrible. The waiter was slow, inexperienced and couldn't care less about service. The food was cold, dry and flavorless. I've had better seafood at a fast food restaurant.The atmosphere, wait staff and Maitre'd were great.  But the food wasnt that great.  The rice we has was made with what tasted like a can of vegatable soup.  The ambiance was beautiful but the food disappointing.We had the Rabbit Creole,New Orleans Classic Treo and bread pudding for dessert. It was very well prepared and the taste of both dishes were great.  The serving portions were large also. The service was attentive and I will be going back again. Only open from 5-10pm daily.Food was not great, the only redeeming item from our order was the fried fish. The Gumbo and Jambalaya were poor at best.i too really wanted to like this place more than i did.  the bellman at the Hilton raved about it so that we made the walk in spite of the rain that was coming and going.  
the dress code says "casual" but i felt out of place in my shorts and flip flops.(per the bellman, we would be fine).  the host was a bit abrupt when we arrived.  the restaurant was not nearly full and he acted taken aback that we did not have reservations?
in spite of him, we stayed to see what the rave was about.
hubby and i both ordered the seafood sampler.  with exception to the gumbo portion, i wish we would have ordered just one sampler.  the food was generous enough and nothing stellar that we required two orders.  i will say the oysters are very plump and cooked perfectly, not fried till they are dried!  the creole gumbo was very good.  i'd love to try the sampler of gumbo's if i ever returned.
loved the bread, but as mentioned ..the butter is near frozen!
the standout was the dinner salad that is included.  ditto on the creole ving. being the star!  zesty!
our server was a bit odd.  "that one" mentioned to her that we have bunnies in our backyard sometimes(random banter) and she stoically answers "really...well we have bunnies on our menu to be ordered for eating"  Uh really...your telling a five year old this?  thanks for the nightmare boost maam!My husband and I just left Olivier's and I couldn't wait to get to my laptop to yelp about our experience. "Touristy average," says it all. The gumbos (we tried a sampler of all three) were under seasoned and missing anything of substance by way of ingredients. The jambalaya was dry and the crawfish ettoufee was lackluster and also suffered from a lack of seasoning. Although the service was friendly and the desserts were good, it did not make up for the dry and over seasoned "blackend" fish included in my husband's entree.  My husband complained about his entree and finally sent it back 80% uneaten. The waitress apologized and we even saw her go to inform her manager.  He did not come to our table to inquire further about us or the sent back meal. The rejected meal was still included on our bill for $25.00!  I've never experienced such a thing.  I guess they do such a good tourist business, they don't have to do the right thing and offer customer care for a client who has obviously not enjoyed a dish.  Appalling, really!  I can say, without hesitation, the meal was not worth the $140.00 we paid.  Especially when my husband ended up sharing my entree and paying for one he didn't eat. We've easily and happily spent that much and more in restaurants ... when it's worth it, it's great. Stay away from Olivier's and find some authentic Creole food that is seasoned properly and where they know that pleasing the client is what it's about.
I just made mine 1 star after reading some of the insane compliments given. This place is blah for the regular palate and is snooze or worse for any credible foodie!Like an idiot, I ignored the bad reviews and hoped the good would prevail. Do not waste your money.
The hurricane, the martini, and the corn bread were fine. My stewed chicken was drier than any chicken I've ever eaten. The rice had no flavor whatsoever, and the turnip greens w/ ham were just weird.
My wife said her gumbo had no flavor and her shrimp tasted strange. 
I wouldn't wait an hour at Acme (around the corner), but you couldn't pay me to eat here again. 
The service was fine.I had the shrimp creole and it was great. Wife had the crab and salmon cakes and they were also really good. Not too expensive.