Good food - good service nice ambience. You can taste that the Sushi is fresh and not out of the Freezer.
The noise-level is good - the wooden benches - I had to get used to it.
Parking in this area is a challenge.
The noodle soups are very good.If you like Little Tokyo, you will like Origami which was started by a few people who used to work there, so some of the rolls are the same as Little Tokyo. The miso soup is good, and all the rolls are great.  The Poboy roll is as good as the Little Tokyo original..  Would like to see them create a few more original rolls and other menu items.This is one of my favorite sushi places in the area.  The foods amazing and prices are reasonable.  I tried the Carpaccio white fish for an app.  That's a must try of you visit Origami.  The sushi of course was great.  What made my dinner experience was the service. We were greeted by friendly wait staff.  Quang and Ngoc were our serves and they made me and my wife feel like royalty.  I think they always smiled which can make a meal even that much better.Currently my favorite sushi in New Orleans. The burning man roll was one of the best ive ever had. the origami roll with fried banana around it is a fun novelty but not something I will get regularly. Good ambience and good service. I will be back. If this place was a little cheaper, I'd be there more often.Eh....I hate to say it but I wasn't impressed.  I mean from the tap water lemonade to the bland teriyaki I just left wanting more. Love the space and the waitstaff was so kind but they gotta do more with the menu. Omg that salad dressing in the salad served in the bento box was like chewing minced meat. And idk what kinda soy sauce they have but it's a salt lick! Man,  I wanted to love this place. ...eh oh well.We ordered a salmon avocado roll and yellowtail roll to go and ate it by the river. It may have partly been the ambiance, but I found the sushi delicious. There was ample fish in each roll and the rolls were a good size. It was nothing spectacular, but I was not disappointed.When I'm in New Orleans I probably go to Origami about once a month.  This isn't because it's super tasty, it just happens to be the closest sushi place to my house.
I can not speak to their other entrees since I have only ever gotten sushi, but from what I've experienced the food is mediocre. Their sushi rolls are huge, I'm talking some of the biggest rolls I've ever had.  Some people love this, but in my opinion makes it more of a rice ball more than a piece of sushi, as well as increases the difficulty of eating.  So while you are getting more of a bang for your buck, you are also not getting that desired sushi full. 
On top of that, they use imitation crab. This is a huge pet-peeve of mine because a nice sushi restaurant should be serving fresh fish not fake crab! (This might be my northern blood talking though.) 
Last time I went there I got the yami yami roll, the tiger roll, and a snow crab roll. The yami yami was by farr the best. And it was covered in eel sauce which makes any meal taste good. 
All-in-all, the people at origami are really friendly and it's atmosphere is pleasant. On top of that, you can go there without spending too much and get really full. I'll go back to Origami, and if you live close, you should too but just keep in mind nothing you order will be drool inducing.Place is nice. We came at 3.30 and ordered 2 rolls and 2 soups, it's 4 now and weee! rolls r finnaly on the tableFish was fresh, I especially liked the salmon, it was like eating fatty salmon. Eel was perfectly made, better than most eel I've had in California. Was slightly disappointed that the chef couldn't make the special open sushi plate because it was busy, therefore we didn't get to try smelt and oyster. There's always a next time when I'm back in this city.The sushi is fresh and good.The miso is flavorful, yet mild. The noodle bowls are large and delicious. The staff is friendly. It is family friendly, while still feeling like a nice restaurant.The BEST best Japanese restaurant in NOLA. We live in the neighborhood and eat there often. Everything is consistently fresh, delicious, and beautifully presented. I'm not a big fan of sushi, but the rolls and sashimi that I see coming out of the sushi bar look incredible. Our faves are the curry soft shell crab appetizer (OMG!! Best soft shell in NOLA, except maybe Clancy's), the Zaru Soba, and the salmon teriyaki side. A great meal to share with 2.The ambiance is nice and the sushi is pretty good for New Orleans. The best time to come is definitely for lunch because they have great deals at lunch. Overall not amazing, but very solid restaurant.Sushi was pretty good. A little too much rice. Good prices though. No one ever greeted us, they were busy... But still. So we sat at the sushi bar and had our menus thrown down and greeted 5 minutes after. Got our appetizers after the sushi. The spicy exams is not spicy, actually too sweet, wasn't good.  So I would say 4 stars for sushi 2 stars for service...I'm a big fan of origami! The miso soup is really good and the sara roll is my go-to. It is overflowing with the crunchy stuff on top, but I love it. There is a "hidden" menu that doesn't show up on their website that has some delish rolls (including the sara roll and fresh salmon roll that I can recall off the top of my head). If you go to the restaurant, their menu lists everything. I typically order to go here and it's always pretty quick, even when I just go and order at the bar. Would definitely recommend!needs better ratings because this is a great sushi spot
order the shigure appetizer!I have had several delicious meals at Origami. I love their Poke salad and could probably eat it everyday. All the roles I have tried were really yummy as well. Their specialty roles are huge and a good value for the price point. I haven't had any major issues with the service such as the other reviewers have mentioned so I think time has allowed them to work out some of the kinks. I will note that one of the servers I had had a challenging time understanding special requests because of a language barrier but in the end our whole order was correct so I won't hold it against them too much. Overall I think this is now my first choice for sushi in the area (over Sake Cafe, Kyoto and Ninja).Unfortunately, this place has really gone downhill in the last few months. When it opened, we were very hopeful that there would be a good clean, sanitary sushi restaurant in New Orleans, finally!
Sadly, we were there today and it seemed dirty. The window ledge next to the booths was  covered in dust and filthy. The tables were sticky, and oily. The place needs a deep cleaning.
The food is still pretty good. I want to like this restaurant, but I wish they would clean up the place. It's a bummer.The service was fast and efficient. No complaints. Good Japanese fare. Great location and great interior.The sushi is okay as are the other plates offered at Origami. Nothing over the top or amazing... Decent sushi.Really good food. Steve is the best chef in the city. Modern, clean interior design. We come here about once a week.Like other commenters mentioned, the service is slow. Between that and menus that severely needed cleaning, they lose a star. We sat there watching the waiter joke with the cooks and bartender for a while after we had closed our menus and made it clear we were ready to order. 
But the food was great. They serve Poke salad which isn't always on sushi menus and I really love it. I got a fairly large portion of it for $10. I requested the sauce be served on the side in case it was too spicy for my sensitive palate. For some reason, the waiter placed a fork on my plate when he served it- but he didn't do the same for my friend who ordered the same dish prepared in the same way maybe ten minutes later. I wasn't sure if I should be grateful or offended but I just went ahead and tore it up with chopsticks.
Ultimately left full and happy. Would go again but will definitely go knowing the service won't be stellar.I have been to Origami a number of times. It is average in service, presentation and sushi. It is always consistent. Recently I had a bad experience while leaving the restaurant. I was walking out the door when someone bumped into me. It was a server and the bump caused a bottle of beer to drop off their trey. TBH it caught me off guard. I looked at the server thinking they might apologize for running into me. They gave me a dirty look. I did a double take and the dirty look went to a look of anger with the server shaking their head. There were numerous employees standing around and they all looked away or made a joke of it. Total lack of professionalism. This will be our last time spending money at Origami.So far, this is my favorite sushi in the city.  Haven't tried them all quite yet, but I personally love this place.  They're very rarely busy, but service is sometimes hit-and-miss, though never actually poor.  I've never waited for a table, which I love, and the rolls are AMAZING and well-priced.  I've liked every roll I've had but my favorites are the Burning Woman and Chocolate City.  Their miso and tempura are fantastic as well and the sushi pretty much always comes out promptly.  My only complaint is that they always close their kitchen way earlier than necessary, so even if we want to order take-out at 10:20 (when they close at 11) they turn us down and we end up going to other sushi places, which are never as good.Poke was fantastic. Sushi was solid, they had a very unique roll the Origami Roll (eel & avocado inside, fried banana outside with honey, this was as close to dessert sushi as you get and quite the change of pace. The only drawback was that they were clearly understaffed that evening and it did slow down service quite a bit. Will go back.Origami is my favorite sushi place in the city. The poke salad is delightful and their fish is so fresh. Fun atmosphere and never had a bad roll!Just wanted a quick bite of sushi 30 minutes before they closed the kitchen, but they immediately turned me away. If you're not gonna accept new customers before you close change your damn hours!On a weekday (evening), we walked in and were immediately seated. We really enjoyed this place. High quality sushi, hot saki, and ice cold Sapporo. Winning combination.This place just didn't do it for me. The first time I visited was during lunch hour so I guess with it being significantly cheaper than normal hours I over looked it but when I had to pay full price I wasn't excited at all about it. 
There isn't anything special or creative about their specialty rolls. I can't remember what they called the roll I ordered but it was just a cucumber roll with what looked like whipped avocado on top. If that's even a thing? Yea... not easy on the eyes at all.
They don't do hibachi so tried to create my own rice and veggie dish for my son. They tried. LOL. They only offer plain white rice which doesn't bother us but I know some people enjoy fried rice better. The veggies were all cooked until they were mostly colorless so besides the carrots I couldn't tell u what they were. The sauce was way too salty also. 
One good thing about it is its toward the less busy end of Freret so parking usually isn't hard. Also they just completed an awesome deck addition so I think that would be cool for autumn and spring evenings.I ate here with 3 of my friends and I have never experienced such rude service. One of my friends was wearing a t-shirt but definitely still presentable but as soon as we walked in, the guy who looked like he owned the place immediately gave us this vibe that we weren't really welcome. 
In addition, once they finally sat us down, they not only sat us in the very back of the restaurant, but they sat us in the back towards the side behind a wall so that you literally couldn't see us from anywhere in the front of the restaurant. We were in the prime hide-n-seek location inside this restaurant. Also, it was obvious that they put minimal effort in getting our table ready. The table was still very wet from wiping it down as fast as possible. They also forgot to give us our napkins and chopsticks etc and it wasn't until the food arrived that they noticed and got it. 
Also, the food took forever to get to us. After at least 30 minutes, the waitress came back to our table to ask what we ordered again because she had forgotten our order and realized we haven't gotten anything yet. 
I've eaten at many sushi restaurants and loved most of them, but this is by far the worst sushi place I have ever eaten at, mainly due to the horrible service. The food was alright but not enough to compensate for the worst service I have ever witnessed. I definitely would not ever recommend this place to any of my friends and would never go back to this place to eat again.After searching and searching for a good sushi place in New Orleans, I'm happy to say the search is over! Origami is reasonably priced and generous in proportions. The sushi is always fresh and they have such a wide variety of flavors that I've never experienced at other Japanese restaurants. Among a long list of other things, my boyfriend and I always get the Poke Salad and the Mussels (Sake or Curry? It is always a debate because they're both great!) We recently tried their special, Oyster Shooters, and they were a huge hit at the table. They don't come with cocktail sauce but don't worry, there is plenty of kick! We sent a compliment to the kitchen and the chef came out personally and told us the ingredients, which included a wasabi oil. MMM definitely been dreaming about those :) Looking forward to our next visit soon!Pricey but soooooo fresh and delicious. Must have tropical roll. Love how they make the mustard for the shumai.Went here for dinner with a close friend. I had peeked at their Yelp reviews before going to get a handle on the best menu items which turned out to be their special rolls. After having the Geisha roll and the Margarita roll, I couldn't agree more. They were absolutely delicious --- much better than what I've had at Ninja for the price you pay! They have a very nice interior and very roomy booth seats with large tables. Service was excellent. Would definitely recommend for any occasion.The first time I went to Origami it had only been open a couple of weeks & the service was comical rather than bad. I watched confused waitstaff pinball off of each other in confusion over who was responsible for what. The rolls & sushi were good though, so knew I would be back.
Fast forward to my most recent couple of visits, both times we were large groups (6ish) and were seated right away (even over Mardi Gras weekend). The staffing issues seemed to have been solved.  I've now tried a good portion of their menu and I've not been wowed by anything.  The portions on some rolls are huge (which can lead to massive over ordering).  And I've gotten a couple of items that had ingredients that weren't listed on the menu which was odd (and off putting for one of my friends).  
The space is lovely and the location is convenient for me. But I've not been wowed by the food, so while I won't cross it off the list, it won't be my first choice.Best Sushi I have had in New Orleans. I had none of the problems other yelp reviews claim. We were seated as soon as we walked in, the service was great and the food was awesome! 
Just a few years ago when I was a Loyola freshman I used to frequent the disgusting bar called Tucks. The new owners of the place have done a FANTASTIC job remodeling this place. The decorations are very nice and it feels VERY clean in the restaurant! 
The food was also great! We started with the salmon and cream cheese tempura which was even better than I expected! Then we got a crunchy roll and the funky margarita roll. The crunchy roll was really good but not what I was expecting. It isn't your typical crunchy but it is really fantastic, just beware it is almost twice the size of a typical sushi roll. I loved the funky margarita roll but our waitress later told us some people don't like it. It is almost an Asian Mexican fusion sushi roll. It has spicy crawfish inside and topped with tuna and salmon. Then they put a guacamole with a bit of wasabi  mixed into it on top of the entire roll. Sounds really weird but I thought it was great! I will defiantly be going back for another of one of those. Defiantly try this if you are in to fun creative sushi. If you just wan't classic sushi this is not the roll for you! We also got the cheese cake tempura which was great too!
All in all, go try this place! Really nice people working there and they provide great service and have fantastic fun creative sushi rolls. A very nice change from the typical sushi you find in New Orleans. GO.I noticed a lot of complaints about service, but I experienced nothing but excellent service at Origami. They were very polite and prompt. The person who appeared to be the manager or owner even directed me to the bathroom when he saw me get up from our table. The sushi was great, and they have a large and interesting menu. I especially liked the Burning Woman roll (it had peppered tuna) and the Tropical roll (salmon and mango). The atmosphere was nicely decorated and the booths are generous and high backed. I will definitely be going back!It's Ringo's birthday! Mine, too, so we went out to celebrate. We've been to Origami before, and enjoyed the food. Plus, we like Cure for cocktails before, so off we went to Freret Street. It was a little crowded when we arrived, and we were seated at one of the small tables to begin with... after a little difficulty, we moved to a booth. What should have been a joyous occasion was made mediocre by perfunctory and surly service. Our waitress was very young, and I suspect we weren't young or hip enough to suit her. Ordering a second bottle of Asahi Super Dry took a little more time than it should have, despite the restaurant being far less busy by then. And she delivered it along with the check... an unmistakable bum's rush vibe. Even so, because the sushi, sashimi, and chirashi were good, we left a 20% tip anyway... I hope they share tips liberally with the sushi chefs. Next year, we'll probably try another sushi place. Meanwhile, for those young and hip enough, this might be the place.good sushi but the chefs are mostly douche-bags.  Don't sit at the counter unless you like putting up with it.Some of the best sushi I have tried in New Orleans - I will definitely be coming back.
They have a good selection of rolls, as well as salads, other Japanese entrees (grilled dishes, sushi & sashimi etc), noodles, tempura and a few desserts. I ordered the tiger roll (highly recommended) and tried a few others - they were loaded with decent quality fish and were delicious. Some of the dishes on the menu show a Vietnamese / Chinese influence - for example, you can order sriracha sauce on top of your sushi, if you like a bit of extra spice.
The only downside was that the service was a little sloppy, although we did have a group of more than 20 people.Really enjoyed meal there with my wife last night. Only thing i can complain about is the booths. Seats are a little too far from table to eat comfortably.  Sushi was fresh and flavorful. We will be back.Origami is one of my favorite places to stop in and pick up some food.  
I am absolutely in love with their poke salad!  It's an AMAZING deal at $8.95. It's loaded with big chunks of tuna and veggies. What really sets it apart from other poke salads is the slightly spicy dressing.  I could literally drink it.  
On my last visit, instead of just doing my regular pick up, I decided to sit at the bar and order an appetizer.  I got the curried soft shell crab.  It was to die for and a reasonable $9.95.  I easily made a meal out of that and a small house salad.
The reason for four stars instead of five?  I found the service at the bar to be slow and lacking attention.  
All in all though, I still highly recommend Origami for the tasty food and very reasonable prices.Had Squid salad and Burning Man roll.
Squid salad was pretty good...although a little more seaweed would cap it off....it was sparse.
Burning man Roll was quite good. Middle was crunchy, fish was fresh and the roll was a good size. I would definitely come back.
Service was pretty good as well.Nice ambiance, pleasant staff, very fast and efficient take-out ordering, large menu with a lot of options (appetizers, miso, udon, soba, salad, teryaki, sushi, etc.), and very fresh-tasting fish. 
The Poke Salad ($8.95) -- with sliced cucumbers, tuna sashimi, squid, a little bit of seaweed and a spicy ponzu sauce -- is very refreshing and flavorful. It could be a light lunch all by itself.
But here comes the negative: Too many menu items usually indicates a lack of focus in the kitchen, and this appears to be the case at Origami. They would do well to focus on a few things that they are very good at, rather than trying to cater to everyone. 
One thing that they are not very talented at, I am afraid to report, is the creative sushi roll. The combinations sound really good on paper, but aren't so great in execution. For instance the Burning Man Roll (~$12) contains two kinds of spiced tuna, avocado, panko and eel sauce. The mushy tuna mix inside had an unpleasant texture and flavor, and the roll was not well constructed, so that it fell apart when being lifted with chopsticks. The size of the roll was very generous, but it is not something I would ever order again. Ditto for the Tiger Roll (~$15) with three kinds of fish, eel and smelt roe; again, the construction was very poor, and the flavor was mediocre. In my mind, what distinguishes great sushi from merely competent sushi is excellent construction and fresh, bold flavors. These sushi rolls were lacking in both departments.Terrible service, food is average at best.   Red head girl at bar doing to go orders is rude and inconsiderate.  Too many other sushi options in the city for me to ever return to this place.Food and service were terrible. We ordered the sushi, which seemed to be a mistake as the no one around us ordered sushi. We ordered about four rolls. One of the (some sort of spicy shrimp roll) was so inedible we each spit out the bite we tried. It was oddly crunchy and almost bitter, not spicy. Truly gross. The stuffed jalapeños with cream cheese and crab were very good but not good enough to make me go back.If I could rate this place solely on the food it would be five stars, hands down without a doubt. 
It was the BEST sushi I have had in New Orleans-It was amazing.  The rolls were truly original and they were so delicious.  
However, I have to give Origami just three stars because the whole experience was prettty terrible.  I know it was opening night, but, like I said the experience was so bad I really can't cut them any slack.  After sitting at our table and waiting for 20 minutes without anyone approaching us, I finally had to stand up and go get menus myself.  We were NEVER waited on. After waiting for 30 minutes we had to flag down the waitress multiple times to get her to come over to the table.  We only ordered two special rolls (again-they really were incredible). After WAITING AN HOUR, the waitress brought over one roll- the wrong roll!! Ugh. Finally, one of the rolls came out and thirty minutes later the second roll came out.  We were there for about TWO HOURS.  We never even got water! :-( 
Origami, the food was so so yummy.  Please work on the wait staff situation so I can come back and enjoy my experience.Their hours are merely a suggestion.  On Saturday 08/06/16 they decided to close their kitchen over an hour before their posted closing time of 11:00pm!  My wife was dining in at their location and she tried to order me a take-out order while still seated at 10:00pm (again, their posted closing time is 11pm).  They said that their kitchen closed early and she could not order my take out.  No warning was given that they were closing early, so my wife did not know that her order was going to be refused.
I will not be visiting this location anymore (and my wife and I are semi-regular customers).  If you cannot be honest with your hours, or at least warn dining patrons that you are closing early with a "last call" announcement, then you do not deserve my money or my business.  I will go to Kyoto in the future.Origami is my go to spot. Is rather my husband take me here vs a fine dining. I know I'll be serve well and honestly.A very pleasant experience!  I was very hesitant to try this place because of the previous reviews, but this place is literally 2 minutes away from my school so what the hay! Why not?!  Upon walking in the door, my eyes were immediately drawn to the big round lights hanging from the ceiling.  They literally look like balls with cut paper hanging around them!  They're very different, but pretty cool I have to add.  The restaurant has nice decor and a very chill atmosphere.  Very spacious too!  My friend and I came around 5 pm on a weekday so the restaurant was pretty much empty when we came.  The waittress was very sweet and benevolent and the service was spot on!  I didn't expect any less since we were one of the few people in there. Hahha.  So my advice would be to try this place on a weekday when it's not busy, then your experience would be as delightful as mine!
Now on to the food business.  We ordered the Beef Tataki as our appetizer.  Let me start by saying that this is definitely not your typical beef tataki.  At most Japanese restaurants, beef tataki is thinly sliced beed cooked rare on a bed of onions and ponzu sauce.  Here, it's completely different!  The pieces of beef are larger, but still tender and good.  It's served with lettuce and spinach!  Never seen that before!  The sauce is more of a citrus lime/lemon flavor and it comes with sriracha sauce on the side of course!  We both really enjoyed this dish; it may be different but in a good way!  As for rolls, we decided on three special rolls: the Tiger Roll, Gustav Roll, and Jackpot Roll.  All of them were really good!  The fish was fresh and they really hit the spot.  The Tiger Roll comes with salmon, tuna, whitefish, eel, crunchy, and eel sauce.  Very standard, but good!  The Gustav Roll came with cream cheese, spicy tuna, salmon, mango, and a sweet chili sauce.  I'm not a big fan of cream cheese, so I took it out,  A very refreshing and light roll!  As with anything with mango, YUMMM!  The Jackpot roll was a deep-fried roll with tuna and a couple other things I don't remember. Teehee.  Sorry, long day of school!  It came with eel sauce, spicy mayo, and sriracha.  I was worried I wouldn't like it, because i have tried other fried rolls before that I thought were a bit overwhelming, but this wasn't at all!  The rolls are very good, but not the best I ever had and not enough for me to give 5 stars. Sorry!
Dessert time!  Of course only my galfriend and I would be fat enough to eat all that and STILL have room for dessert!  No meal is complete without something sweet!  Teehee :)  We got our beloved fried cheesecake and mango ice cream (red bean ran out :()  The tempura cheesecake was decadent and fresh!  I lovedddd that the batter was crispy!  Just how I like it!  But the mango ice cream tasted more like melon.  Hrmmm maybe they mixed it up.  Overall, still very satisfying!
I can't wait to come back and try some more of these goodies!This is a lovely restaurant close to Tulane's campus; it is about a 15 minute walk. The sushi rolls were yummy and the cost ran from $5 to $15 per order. I went with a group of 6 so we were able to get a large variety of sushi to share. We had everything from eel, spicy tuna, smoked salmon, crunchy roll, stuffed jalapenos, to shrimp and vegetable tempura. All and all, the bill came out to $13 a person. Also, the sushi chef was extremely friendly. He stopped us right before we left the restaurant and held a brief conversation with us.I've been here twice, both times to get their lunch special. It's $11.95 for a salad, miso soup, and three different rolls of sushi (24 total pieces). It's filling, delicious, and the service is good. This is one of my favorite spots in Nola.I went here for the first time on a whim this week, and was totally impressed. This was the best sushi I have had in New Orleans. The service was very good, although our soups could have come out a little faster. Everyone was exceedingly nice and friendly to us. The food was awesome. We ordered the eggplant-miso appetizer, which was really really good, the fried chicken appetizer, also really good, and the rainbow roll. The tuna sushi was the best I've ever had, I think! Really nice place. The prices weren't bad either. It was a great experience, and I can't wait to go back. This will be my go-to sushi restaurant from now on.Pros: modern decor, new building in an area experiencing a renaissance - props for investing in the local economy.
Cons: similar to other reviewers, service was non-existent.  My wife and I decided to give it a shot last weekend (or at least look at the menu).  We walked in and stood at the hostess stand for literally four minutes before we left.  Many servers walked by - some even made eye contact - buy no one acknowledged we were there.  We started laughing because the other reviews were so true.  We figured that if they treat us this way before they have our order, the rest of the experience would likely be bad.
Hopefully this place will get its act together and we might give it another go.Yummy, cheap sushi! Nice service and good food. Convenient location. But bring a jacket -- it's always freezing in there!I love this place. From the moment i walked in I fell in love. Working here was also a blessing. Sushi is always fresh, seeing everything being made in the back definitely made working/eating here more enjoyable. The chirashi is my all time favorite thing. Fresh fish, seaweed salad, squid salad, rice soup and salad. Definitely worth it. Haven't found a single place in this city that does it like them. Sushi chefs are amazing and funny! Talk to them, they have amazing stories to tell you! I'd say my all time favorite sushi place anywhere in the country. Hamachi is to die for, stuffed jalapeños as well. Special rolls are huge so eat with caution but totally worth it for the pricesHad the worst experience ever in NOLA. The food was great, but we had the waitress from hell. She is a short white woman with pink dyed hair. Took my friend to eat here so she could try sushi. Came in and our waitress threw the menus on our table, treated us like we were stupid, didn't give us chopsticks, never refilled our drinks...oragami is great, just avoid the short white girl with the pink hair!I guess I was lucky to get there early on opening night. The service was great and I can honestly say that the rolls we had were superior to any rolls I have had at other sushi joints. I had the eggplant with miso sauce which was terrific. Now, as the place got slammed I can see why others did not get the service our table recieved. I only saw three wait staff and there was no hostess from what I could see. Things got crazy once the place was full. I have seen this at a few other openings as well in the past. Amanda, the guy that you spoke about that was clearly an employee, staring at everyone was actually the guy that set up the registers. He was there helping the wait staff if/when they had problems ringing things up. He was not an employee. I know because I wondered the same thing and started a conversation with him. I am going to assume either the owner had no idea it would be this busy or some people did not show up. Either way they need to fix the service quickly. I think maybe this is why I make allot of opening nights at new places. They can get very interesting. LOLI am moreso writing this review to counter the bad service reviews from the opening weekend of Origami.  I went last night with a friend and the service was fantastic - we were promptly sat, our drinks arrived quickly and were refilled constantly, the servers checked in on us frequently.    I also liked that they updated us on how long things would take ("your other two rolls will be 5 more minutes, but I wanted to bring what was ready now!"). And most importantly, I saw a true sign of service professionalism when our server didn't bat an eye at our gigantic sushi order (we were having a "LAY OFF ME, I"M STARVING" moment, and will not apologize).  I think that perhaps Origami had a rough take-off regarding service but seem to have ironed out the kinks nicely.  
As for other aspects: I can't believe this place used to be Friar Tucks.  Very spartan-chic interior, with especially amazing light fixtures.  The sushi was extremely good (but not the best in NOLA) - very fresh, very interesting, well assembled, and the rolls are HUGE for the price.  I am serious about the size - even the order of edamame  was giant.  Remember how I said that we were eating our stress/feelings?  Well, we spent the same amount of money that we always do for sushi but ended up staggering out to go fully realize food comas that lasted all night.  With finals coming up.... we'll be back, Origami.  Oh, we WILL be back.  With LOTS of feelings to eat.  Prepare accordingly.After my second visit to Origami I can say I will not go back, very poor service, ridiculously priced cocktails and fake crab in the rolls.  There are just too many fantastic restaurants on Freret and in New Orleans to throw money away at a less than satisfying dinner house. Buyer beware!Had a pleasant experience at Origami last night. As other posters have mentioned, they did a great job renovating dingy Friar Tucks. It is well decorated, with a calming atmosphere. We had great service, and our waiter worked hard to be sure we had everything we wanted, were never short on water etc.
Pretty typical roll prices - $5 for the standard rolls, $10-$15 for the specialties. While that may seem high for specialty rolls, these were huge! We got the Tiger Roll (which was fine) and the Burning Man Roll (which was amazing). There were a lot of other interesting specialty rolls on the menu that I am excited to come back and try.
Really my only issue was that my Special Eel Roll was completely falling apart. 6 of the 8 pieces unravelled as I picked them up, and it was just not very impressive. This isn't the worst thing in the world, but I would expect a sushi restaurant to be able to make a standard roll correctly.
I definitely plan on going back to try the rest of the menu. Its nice to have a new sushi spot in New Orleans.in being allergic to fish (not shellfish) I had never had sushi until 2 years ago when I took a chance on one of their avocado rolls. I've gotten more adventurous and have never had a problem. they even make the lobster roll for me with out imitation crab. I recommend the poboy roll and the shigure appetizer for any fish allergies!! their soft shell crab specials & oysters shooters are also fantastic! perfect rice, crisp fresh ingredients, great presentation & a beautiful atmosphere! perfection all around!!Okay, I get it, it's opening night. But my experience here tonight was, without a doubt, the worst restaurant experience I've ever had.
We got there around 6:45, and waited at the podium to be seated. There was no host in sight, but there was someone (who was clearly an employee) standing at the back of the restaurant and staring at everyone. Um, ok. We were seated after a few minutes wait, and we were stuck in a small room behind a wall. 
We waited at least 15 minutes for them to bring menus over. Once we determined what we wanted, we had been waiting at least 25-30 minutes. The waitress had been in and out of our little room multiple times, completely ignoring us each time. She finally came over and, not looking up at all, grabbed the menus and our sushi order. I had to stop her from leaving in order to ask for water, a bottle of saki, and some edamame. 
She appeared to have heard me and yet we waited AN HOUR and we had gotten two out of our three waters, the waitress had not checked in on us, and we had gotten neither our appetizer/sake or our entrees. We checked with another table in our room who weren't even lucky enough to get water yet, and they said that they had been waiting about an hour, and they had been there before us.
We complained to the manager, and to more than one waiter/waitress. They did...absolutely nothing. Did not even acknowledge us. We walked out so angry and hungry that I desperately wanted to be snarky when the owner/manager said "Thanks" to us on our way out.
We drove straight to Ninja and satisfied our sushi craving within 20 minutes. I could have swam to Japan, married a Japanese guy, brought him back to America, and asked him to make us sushi before this place would have given us food.
Absolutely ridiculous, and the whole staff was completely unapologetic about our experience. I'm extremely disappointed, and probably won't be going back any time soon (or at least until they learn to train their waitstaff).Usually a huge fan of this establishment.  Maybe it's their intricate specialty rolls or the nostalgia of being back at my old stomping grounds, but tonight's dinner was worse than the morning after a night out at tucks.  The sashimi dinner was with out a doubt the worst I've had in the city.  Very disappointed considering the pictures all look so good.  
I give the one star for our waiter who was tonight's only redeeming quality, otherwise a total washI am SO glad that I waited for Origami to get settled in before I tried it.
On the night that we went it wasn't crowded at all and the service was great! We were seated at a booth and after looking over the menu, we decided to order the salmon sashimi, the tiger roll and the margarita roll.
The salmon sashimi was really fresh and cut thick. This might sound silly, but I liked that it was cut into an even number of pieces so that each person gets their fair share. The margarita roll was excellent was reminiscent of the margarita rolls I had had at other sushi places. By far the star of the meal was the tiger roll. I can't find a menu, so I can't find the exact ingredients, but it was SO GOOD.  Like... so good I might order two the next time I go. I could have eaten the entire thing on my own!
Origami is a little more expensive than other sushi places, but the atmosphere and service was great and the food was excellent. I will definitely be back!I have eaten here several times over the years, but I don't think I'll be coming back. It took us 30 minutes to get seated. While we waited at the bar, we tried ordering drinks but the bartender was helping someone else, for over 10 minutes. He then informed us that they were out of clear tequila, so our margaritas were oddly oaky, not good, as they have been in the past.  The Mango Marg, which he told us would taste poor, was better than the regular one. 
Finally we were seated in a booth, not outside as we requested. Yet, we saw another party get seated outside 10 minutes later. It took 20 minutes for anyone to notice us. We ended up flagging down the hostess to put the order in. Finally, after about an hour, our official server gave us water. It then took another 30 minutes for our food to arrive.  We are not the only group tonight that experienced an abnormal wait time.  Our hostess literally had to act as our server, due to how understaffed Origami was.  Then, when our check came, they billed our party incorrectly  
If you are looking for good sushi, and decent service, try Ninja instead.The rolls are delicious, not too huge and not too greasy~ I order different rolls every-time I go there, but there are still many palatable rolls that I didn't try~ I also tried udon noodles, the soup of the noodle is fantastic!
The place is a bit difficult to find without Google map.
The waiter is so nice, and all of the staffs are friendly. I always go there with my friends recently~Very solid sushi joint. Owner is friendly (maybe too friendly), service is fast, and free poke salad at the sushi bar! Good neighborhood sushi joint.Waiting 45 minutes to and hour for two salmon Teriyaki dinners in an empty restaurant at 4 on a Monday. When I called to speak to the manager once home, the lady argued and yelled at me. I got to the point of saying I just want my money back to which she started yelling at me in her native tongue. After a minute, she told me to bring back the food and she would give me my money back. 
   When my boy friend and I got there, the place was nice and beautifully decorated. We were greeted at the door and asked to wait while the manager was told of our presence. They lady swooped out of the kitchen snatched the bag in my hand almost taking my fingers with it. She threw it away in the most dramatic gesture I have ever seen then told us,
"Don't ever come here again!"
Don't worry, we won't. Neither should you.I can't believe the way I was treated at this place. I asked the bartender to ask the sushi bar to change my order from a  white rice roll to a Brown rice roll. The sushi chef said "no, I already started." So I walked over to the bar...literally there was nothing on the white rice roll except for cucumber. I asked, "could you at least make the second one with Brown rice?" He insisted that he had already started as if I'm not looking directly at the bar. When I attempted to ask him why he couldn't change it, he called for the bartender and gestured him to talk to me with his hands as to dismiss me entirely. I went back to my seat at the bar. The bar tender was super nice and went to ask him again. He then agreed but it was clear that he was very unhappy about it as he peered over at me several times. I started to feel uncomfortable with him preparing my food and thought about just paying for my soup. I'd just had a wonderful massage down the street at Roputics MASSAGE  (oh GOD, her hands are magic) and was really hungry. Then I see him turn around and pick up his cell phone from the counter shelf behind him. He scrolled through for a second, put his phone back on the second shelf, wiped his hands on his apron and continued to make my sushi rolls bare handed. My stomach turned at that point and I followed my first mind out of there...but not before tipping the bar and making a complaint to the head sushi chef who talked over me and rushed me off. Listen, I know there's no telling what you're eating when eating out but once I see it, it's over. I no longer want it for sure. Bad manners and bad hygiene... ewwww. Never again!This place is literally to die for! The seafood was so fresh and mastered  so well it literally melts in your mouth.an excellent choice for good Japanese food in our city!Kudos!!!I'm in love, and it's not my husband lol... Damn sashimi so good.Origami has such good miso soup! If you are a fan of ginger dressing on your salad then this restaurant also has really yummy ginger dressing. I got the salmon nigiri here as well which was fantastic. My friend had gotten a New Orleans inspired roll with crawfish and he loved it as well.The service here is snail slow and they could care less. The food is average at best and overpriced. As my 4th visit here, I kept hoping it would get better. No such luck. The ambiance is nice, but that's about it. Waiting 40 minutes for sashimi is ridiculous, it's not like they have to cook it ! 
Pathetic!Sushi is mediocre but the miso and pan fried gyoza is delicious. Plus they have coke products which are my favorite.The food here is good, but it's nothing special. The rolls aren't that filling so I always end up ordering more. Nonetheless, I like coming here because it's close to my school so it's convenient to walk here and order rolls with friends. The sushi and noodle plates are definitely not bad but I've had better.This delicious addition to Freret St. Origami is on par with the best sushi restaurants in the city with a modern fresh flair. Service was better than most and the rolls are creative.  Just before posting this review, I read the others.  I think they've worked out some of the kinks others complained about just after opening.  Our server was fantastic, our rolls were amazingly good and everything arrived in a timely manner.  I will be back to continue sampling the unique special rolls category!Awesome lunch specials, I think it was $12 for a bento box with apps, salad, soup, tempura and sashimi! Dinner was much pricier but overall really great!I was quite impressed with the decor here.  The restaurant is extremely clean and very modern looking.  My lady friend and I decided to go for a visit last night after hearing about their tempura banana dish.  We love fried banana dishes so this was right up my ally.
It was a Monday night at 9PM.  So, I wasn't that surprised that the place was fairly empty with just a few people sitting at the bar.  They attended to us reasonably quickly and let us sit wherever we liked.  We ordered two hot green teas and the tempura banana dish.  
The tea was good.  The banana dish arrived beautifully displayed with a small dish of ice cream.  I ordered mango ice cream to go with the banana.  Either the mango flavor was very strange or we actually had lychee ice cream.  I'm not sure.  Either way, the ice cream was good but different tasting. 
The service was good and our tea pot was refilled when it was empty.  For $10 it was a good evening dessert and tea outing.I am an Origami regular. Probably some of the best sushi you will get in New Orleans. I love the noodles and soups. We usually get the soba or the udon with tempura. Very good.I went for the first time ever today and LOVED IT! I got the grilled mackerel dinner plate. I guess nobody really buys that, because the owner and employees were surprised. I enjoyed the food, and also got a free miso soup and red bean ice cream (which they don't sell). But I had a nice conversation with the owner and 2 employees. The service was good and I will for sure be back.I think this place is underrated at 2.5 stars. I would personally give it 3.5 stars if yelp would allow me to but won't go up to 4 because, being from the west coast, I'm accustomed to better sushi than any of NOLA's offerings.
First off, I'd like to say that the decorating staff did an amazing job of covering up the fact that this place used to be Friar Tuck's, one of the frattiest and grossest bars known to mankind. The place looks very clean. Contrary to all the complaints about slow customer service, we were seated almost immediately and our orders were taken and food were brought to us in a very normal time frame. I wouldn't say it was "fast," but it was Saturday around 7:30pm and very busy, and service certainly wasn't slow. Our server came by regularly and someone else, possibly an owner or manager, came by to check on us as well. They're really cleaning up their act. 
I had a Tiger Roll, which I'd definitely recommend, and the miso soup. The food itself was good - nothing I'll be raving about, but very solid and I'd definitely come back to satisfy a sushi craving. My only other complaint was, though it was a specialty roll and quite filling, it was priced at $14 which is a bit much for any roll in my opinion.