Raw wings and pizza stuck to box. I was also short changed. Pizza looked good but not much flavor. If they improve the quality of cheese, add more sauce, it would get rid of that salty taste.Atmosphere was good. Restaurant was only open for 2+ months when we went. The Spinart appetizer was delicious. They substituted flatbread for fried dough (similar to beignets with Parmesan instead of powdered sugar) and it was not only excellent but showed their true culinary expertise. Pizza was excellent and the crust was well prepared and cooked.Listen, Linda. I came in here because  a handsome man was dancing in a pizza costume telling us to come in after our show at Republic. Their cheese pizza is the best I've literally ever had. And as a vegetarian in NOLA, I feel like I have the authority to make this claim. And no, I'm not joking. Their pizza is bomb. Worth the late night visit. Find Travis. In the pizza suit.Very poor service. The waiter never came to the table to get our orders and they avoided eye contact at all costs. They were not friendly and did not acknowledge or existence. Worst service I have ever experienced. Save your money, don't go.We stopped by after a concert because it was one of the very that was nearby and open. As we stood in line, we looked over the menu and had our minds set on a couple of things. Just as we are about to order, they tell us the only thing they have left is pepperoni and cheese pizza and it wasn't even ready yet.  There was one party ahead of us and several people sitting down that didn't get their pizza yet. They only made two cheese and one pepperoni. I was afraid we were going to leave without any food in hand. I don't know why they didn't just put a sign up or let everyone know they weren't making anymore food especially when there was a line right behind us and more people kept walking in. Yeah I know, its 3AM and I'm thankful we got a slice but late night pizza is in demand. Overall, the experience wasn't great. Can't compare but better late night pizza experience and a dollar pizza in the city that never sleeps (NYC) whereas its $5 for a slice of pizza here. It's Mardi Gras. New Orleans doesn't sleep either..Great space, great atmosphere and amazing staff. The bartender, Nate, had a down to earth quality about him that makes you feel like you where catching up with a childhood friend. And he gave me a monkey.Extremely roomy place. Great music and classic movies always playing on a projector on a big wall. Great environment to relax and have a good time to. Great employees Frankie and Kasey kept us laughing the whole time. Very homey place with great hospitality. I wish I knew about this place sooner in my vacation.This place was close to our hotel so we thought we would give it a try. The service was good and the bartenders were friendly. We ordered 2 large pizzas for 4 of us and only had a few pieces left over. We did try to order a medium but were told they were only making larges at that time. The pizzas were good but I would suggest eating them there as they do not reheat well. A large specialty pizza, a large cheese pizza, a few beers, and 2 mixed drinks was $77. It is worth a stop especially for a late night dinner.Stopped by here while visiting New Orleans. Was nervous at first seeing the ambience, but the pizza...was phenomenal! We ordered "The Godfather" and it was so good we stopped by the next day! 
Things to note:
Customer service is not that great. 
Only late night menu (pizzas only) is available after a certain point and they might tell you all you can order is a large. This happened to us the second night!I'm experience with Outlaw Pizza is overwhelmingly positive. I ordered from Outlaw Pizza last night of my conference. We had to be at the convention center at 7:30 and it ordered around 5 p.m. with the station of a third party app delivering the pizza to our hotel by 6:19pm. However there were flash floods and the driver from the third party app was not able to get to the restaurant. I called Outlaw Pizza to talk in to find out what was going on on my pizza didn't show up and the staff was more than courteous and was incredibly helpful I ended up picking up my pizza from them because of my troubles based off of the weather and a third party app that they had nothing to really do with except for that they picked up their pizzas and delivered it the restaurant manager gave us a pizza for free. The pizza was really flipping good. It was very nice to have a restaurant take responsibility for something that really honestly wasn't their fault make it right and give us delicious food in the meantime.Outlaw pizza what a great place to hang. It's pizza with a play attached. Great beer menu and tried the outlaw pizza, surprisingly was really good! Who would've thought crispy onions could make a pizza!! Not a big fan of the dough though, seemed to process and not much yeast like a real pizza dough. Other than that I enjoyed my time here and the Mozzarella logs look incredible, might come back just for that.Late night order delivered to hotel. Ordered the Outlaw Pizza. Loved the fried onion on it! Pizza was good and hit the spot. Driver was very nice. Order was delivered a half hour before the delivery time stated.  Will definitely order from them again!!!It probably isn't the best idea to order pasta from a pizza place, but I did and the order I got for delivery was underwhelming. I had the roasted broccoli pasta which comes with "anger" sauce which I assumed meant arrabbiata. Arrabbiata should be deliciously spicy. This was not. The sauce wasn't bad but it just tasted like it was out of a can and it was not spicy at all. The pasta was overcooked, though not quite mushy. One redeeming part was at least the broccoli was not overcooked and still had a good crunch. The delivery guy called because he had been told by Outlaw that I had "already been in to pick it up" which I had not. Luckily, despite having to have them remake the dish (maybe it would have been better the un-rushed first time around), the delay was minimal. I would use the delivery service again, not Outlaw-- or at least try pizza next time.To say this restaurant has good food is an understatement. Their specialty pizza "Desperado" is beyond excellent. The crust is cooked to perfection and each ingredient is used in the perfect amount. The atmosphere is unique and shows a great deal of character that is a sign of worthwhile restaurants. The staff couldn't have been nicer. Would definitely eat there again!Really good pizza off the tourist path. Service and selection were really good. If you want a break from the crazy Quarter, definitely a good stop to make!This little hole in the wall was SO good! We had pizza and Mac and cheese. The pizza was delicious. I wouldn't recommend the Mac and cheese. It was good, but greasy.My job these days is one where I can't exactly leave the joint without the drunk babies burning it down so I rely on delivery experiences when I'm desperate for something more than the apple and peanut butter health jam that I packed myself in a moment of fit-spiration. Thanks to Yelp's fabulous Eat24, I discovered Outlaw Pizza. 
My experience is based on delivery only, but I've sampled my way through the menu and had a variety of customer service experiences. 
Let's start with the main hurdle: how is the customer service if you've never actually been to the joint? Well, friends, the customer service is great. Just tonight, I ordered an appetizer they'd sold out of. I got a super prompt, super polite phone call from someone at the shop asking if I'd like to sub in one of the other items from their menu that was the same price. Sure! Let's do it! The suggestion wasn't pushy, either. I could tell that they wanted to make me happy as a customer. I would love to try my original selection (stuffed mushrooms) when they are back on the menu since they seem to be a fan favorite. 
How's the bike delivery, you ask? It's great! Their bikers vary, but all of them are fast and kind. I make a point to tip them really well because I appreciate that they are out there on bikes, often braving weather I don't want to brave. This may result in my food getting a priority in delivery rotations because my orders always come before they are expected. Love it. (Pro-tip: if you use Eat24, you can tip before your order even arrives which will result in prompt attention if you are a tidy tipper.) The single hitch with delivery is that you can't order a pizza for delivery...but you can order a calzone with the same toppings! Probably better! 
But suz, I'm just here for the food. Well, cool, me, too. And it's good. There are some parts of the menu I don't understand yet (Pizza beignets? Nah. I ordered them tonight, and I did not get it.), but there are other parts that are firing on all cylinders like the speciality combos and the mozzarella logs. Those pizza/calzone options are both named thematically and really great. I order the Unforgiven (artichokes, mushrooms, kalamata olives, red sauce, cheese) as often as I can, and my co-workers steal it from me just as often. This is a damn fine calzone. The crust is also different from most of the crusts in NOLA, and I appreciate that quite a lot. 
Having cooked at a lot of spots, I do recognize that the team at Outlaw is pushing to get the food out without the perfection of a fine dining spot. Things will come out a little more or less done or a little burnt on the edge or whatever. It's not supposed to be Antoine's, though. This is a neighborhood joint, not that stuffy place your grandma took you when she turned 80. We have to acknowledge the difference and feel a little weird about it all at once. But eh. We've all been that cook that is trying to do a great, from-scratch menu at a joint that is casual enough to not fully care. 
I really appreciate that Outlaw is doing something a little different here in the NOLA pizza scene. They haven't knocked my #1 pizza joint (Magazine Pizza) off the top spot, but I've been calling Outlaw more and more lately. Perhaps it's possible to love two things equally, hrm? 
Accessibility notes: online ordering available.Great pizza in the warehouse district. Close to convention center hotels the meet it to go.Awesome pizza! You can make any of their pizzas a calzone for $13.00. Great deal and they are delicious! I got the Magnificent 7 as a calzone and it was great. 
Very friendly and cool atmosphere. 
If you are near the Convention Center/Downtown New Orleans area you should stop in. Outside seating also available.Yeah, it's not the BEST pizza in the world, but there's something about it. The crust tastes like a Popeyes biscuit, and if you're lucky, Lydia will be your pizza spirit guide, err, I mean server. They've got more toppings than you can shake a stick or wag your tail at. You can try one of the menu pizzas or build your own. Unless you're set on going to Pizza D or Domenica, it wouldn't hurt to give Outlaw a taste test.The pizza was a pleasant surprise in a kid-stuff kind of way.  The crust was a cracker-like style similar to Pizza Hut thin.  The ingredients were better quality.I rarely review things badly because I generally don't want my words to harm a business but, sometimes, food is just so awful that I feel I owe it to anyone else that they might avoid the experience. I had ordered once before from Outlaw Pizza and it was mediocre but not terrible. This time, I ordered because it was one of the only things open on UberEats. Firsty, the UberEats driver took quite a roundabout way to get to my house (making me wonder if they're paid by the mile) and so my pizza arrived lukewarm. That's not Outlaw's fault and UberEats should force their drivers to use some form of warmer, but really good pizza is even good cold. This was not good pizza. The cheese was burned throughout. There was barely any sauce at all. If it were anymore sparse, I would have assumed that maybe they don't use sauce, but it was there in tiny amounts. In addition to the burned cheese and microscopic sauce deposits, the mushrooms were the most amusing part. I may have to get the photo off my phone because a picture is worth a thousand words. All I can think of is that they forgot to add the mushrooms and then realized afterward. The entire pizza was sprinkled with uncooked mushroom pieces that looked as though they were added after the pizza came out of the oven. Seriously. Who does this? All I can think of is that, like many places in New Orleans, they've had employee turnover and whoever is there now is incapable of making a pizza. New Orleans is not exactly known for its pizza. You will find the occasional gem. But this was literally the very worst, most untasty, most horrific pizza I've ever had in 47 years.When your drunk and desperate eat here! Slow and the people who work there don't seem to like their job and it shows.Visited Outlaw with 3 other people in my party, while in town for a conference. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and more reasonably priced than many places near the convention center, which is really nice if you want to grab decent food on a budget but don't have time/transportation to go far. The Fist Full of Dollars pizza was really delicious, and the pizza and calzone my companions ordered garnered equally good reviews. This was at lunchtime on a weekday, and it wasn't overly busy.
The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the next night I called to see if I could order a pizza for takeout (as I was staying at a nearby hotel) and got a really odd response (it seemed like the person who ordered wasn't clear if I could place an order for carryout, and finally said it'd be 45-60 minutes before she could take a carryout order (not that they don't do takeout-- that's fine, though the lack of a website makes it hard to know that info-- but not being willing to even take an order because the place is busy, was a bit odd. I ended up ordering food from someplace else.) Was a bit of a bummer, as I would've loved to enjoy this pizza again, even if it would've been a bit of a wake till it was ready.Don't do it!!! 
Who sends out an unsliced pizza for delivery! 
Had the Outlaw-it's. Different and edible but it's kinda like gas station pizza with a little bit of fancier topping options. 
The crust is horrid.
Update 4/29 I got some great comments about my gas station pizza, and grease spots mentions. For clarification, I don't mind that this greasy. It's a pepperoni pizza, it's going to be greasy and that's normal. I reference the grease so one knows what kind of crust to expect. A dotted bottom crust represents a certain pizza crust that I feel like I've only found at gas stations. I'd actually probably eat gas station pizza over this. 
I still can't believe no one responds to the fact that my pizza was uncut. Just imagine being in your hotel crazing pizza. The pizza arrives, you open it up and see it's greasy glory. Then you go to grab a slice. Oh wait you can't, just grab a slice, because it's not cut. You feel a fool attempting to pick up the whole pizza. You're uneaten pizza stares back at you uncut and getting colder by the second while you ponder how you might cut the pizza. You attempt tearing a slice the crappy dotted crust wants to tear in odd directions, you're hands are a mess, and you settle for a 4 square inch section that looks like Georgia.... this is no way to eat a pizza!!! That's why pizza comes sliced. DUH.Pizza was perfect and exactly what I needed right before midnight! It arrived in a timely manner and it was delicious. So much so that I wanted to order the next night! But I simply couldn't justify coming to New Orleans and eating pizza more than once!I don't like exaggerated reviews. Still, I just had the worst pizza of my life. It was burnt black all over, cold, and had to wait for it almost 1 hour. I live 5 min away, btw. Unfortunately, I had it delivered via Postmates so I can't get my money back. There are way better places for pizza in New Orleans. Go somewhere else.Got in late, first night in town, decided to get some pizza. We were warmly welcomed, service was fast. The server was super sweet.We were on vacation and wanted pizza, called Outlaw Pizza talked to a very nice women who at first told us we would have to order on line to get it delivered to our hotel and it would be delivered through a company called Wayter. We were not really sure how to do this so she said they were kind of slow so she would have it delivered by someone there within 30 minutes. They arrived in 30 minutes, Pizza was great!Great, fun place to eat late night! Travis and Coleman handled our order and they were not disappointing. The food and service were fabulous at 1:30am. 
We're from Los Angeles and had a party of 8. Order took less than half hour and food was fresh, hot and delicious!! The guys made ordering fun and it was accurate. Thanks so much for topping off the end of our night.Neat little place to grab a pie.  Very clean and nice inside.  Had a 10" pepperoni personal pizza.  Ordered to go.  Was not busy so it only took about 10 minutes and I was on my way.  Pizza was good, sauce was very good and overall was a good experience.In town for convention. This was a short walk from our hotel. It was a great pizza experience!
The food came out hot and fresh.beer was ice cold and tasty.
 The pizza had great flavor and was in large portion. The staff was friendly and the food was good. Price was reasonable!
If in the area again I would stop in.
Respectfully,
Bryan 
OKCAbsolutely amazing customer service. Right from the guy that took my order down Charles who delivered the pizza.  Ended the transaction with a handshake. Extremely pleasant experience, delicious pizza. Reminiscent of a new york-style crust.Its a hole in the wall, but really good food and service. The Outlaw pizza was good (really flavorful), but the pepperoni beignets were amazing. Fried dough with pepperoni, cheese, with parmesan sprinkled on top is a really good combo in general, but this place did it extremely well!  
Good selection of drinks too.Enjoyed my pizza after the Kehlani concert a few weeks ago, and great late night spot! I recommend anyone to visit this spot and they also sell by the sliceWe ordered through Grubhub. 1 Large Pepperoni Pizza - easy on the sauce for $25. The order was scheduled to arrive 45-55min later, but didn't arrive for 1hr and 45min later. The order was correct, albeit VERY greasy, but it was a meat pizza, so I'm not super picky about that. The quality and taste were okay, not exactly a $20 pizza, but we were very hungry and it was late (9:30pm). Definitely not in the Top 5 worst pizzas I've had, but I wouldn't put it in the best, either. It was an average pizza -- better than a retail chain/franchise, but not a gourmet pizza. Good if need something as a late night, last minute meal, though. I bet their specialty pizzas are probably really good though. I'd give them another shot.Delicious hole in the wall pizza joint in the warehouse district. We almost didn't try it because it wasn't on Yelp yet and we were hungry....but it was walking distance from our hotel so we took a chance. This place has a decent beer and wine list, cocktails and soda. There is also a unique but very tasty selection of pizzas...All at very reasonable prices! Considering we spent over $100 on grilled cheese sandwiches for our family of 6 just down the street, spending $70 on 3 pizzas, soda and beer was the icing on the cake. If you are in the area and want something other than fried food, be sure to give it a try!Great pizza place. Tasty wings and pizza. You order and pay ahead, then sit down. It's nice because when you're ready to go, you don't have to wait for the bill.My boys and I decided to get pizza while staying at Embassy Suites around the corner. We were very happy with our choice. We ordered a medium, half cheese half pepperoni and it was plenty for the 3 of us. The cost was reasonable and staff was very friendly.The pizza here was excellent-nice blend of cheeses and a nice thin and crispy crust. The server was very nice and attentive.  Moderately priced as well.This Pizza place was fantastic! Me and my girlfriend stopped there on the way to the Sugar Bowl game and was delighted to have delicious Pizza and affordable drinks!  Lydia and Travis was Incredible with service and food! We will be back! Thank U!! Roll TideReally enjoyed this place. Had the Pepperoni Beignets- they were great- we really enjoyed the texture. And we had pizza- I did one with cauliflower, Alfredo and prosciutto, which was delicious. Affordable with big portions- I would eat there again.Christmas Eve 8:30 p.m.  I go in to a nearly empty restaurant and order a Medium Godfather pizza from the menu.  The guy tells me he won't do a medium (even though it's on the menu) but for $6 extra he will do a bigger pizza than I can consume.  Guess he thought I was some dumb-ass Falcons fan.  Went elsewhere; had a nice meal.Got the desperado pizza, very good. Def recommend this place, probably the best pizza I have found in New Orleans.  Service was good and fun atmosphere w music and sports playing. Give it a try you will like it!I had to leave the place and ask for my refund, because the guy who was cleaning was so disrespectful and racist. He was so rude, and he didn't leave us sit in any table.This service isn't the best. The worker seemed distracted talking to someone else, but the pizza is goodMy visit to Outlaw Pizza on Mardi Gras day was super weird.  When we walked in the place was empty except for a couple guys at the bar.  The bartender/server told us that they're dead and sending home the regular servers but that we could still get pizza. While my first urge was to leave and go to the mexican place next door (that was packed), I decided to stick it out.  I ordered a personal pizza and a soft drink.  The food came out pretty fast but was overall the service was lackluster.  We were never offered refill or even silverware.  
The thing that saved this experience was that the pizza was really tasty and I enjoyed the crust.  I still couldn't get over the feeling that they just wanted to close up and go home.  I'll probably just skip this place next time I'm in the city.I was in town for a convention and found this gem across the street from my hotel! I had a pizza and the cheese logs and everything was spot on! High quality cheese is where it's at. Great job!Made last minute reservations for xmas eve for a party of 8. Got there and the bartender informed us that it was bar service only and there were people sitting at every table waiting for take out. Why take reservations if you can't honor them? Messed up our family's xmas dinner - and the place looks dirty. Avoid.Interesting and fairly new... The pizza I got, the magnificent seven, was great! Nice thin crust, fresh peppers and large roasted garlic cloves, very enjoyable! I do wish they had more vegetarian options, for instance a simple salad without ham and a broader wine menu.  I did enjoy the new wine I tried, that saddly is not on the online menu so I can't recommend as I don't remember the name. And they advertise a happy hour but messed up on the check and we missed it before we checked out and got home. With a visit if you're in the area, nice open atmosphere and outdoor seating available.I went this past Saturday night and experienced some of the worst service of my life. I honestly think the people working their were intoxicated or on drugs. The line was long and the girl who was supposed to be taking orders was just talking/yelling to the man at the front of the line for about 15 minutes, ignoring the rest of the line like we didn't exist. She couldn't even put the slices of pizza on a plate without difficulty. When we asked another man working there to help out because she wasn't taking orders, he got a extremely mean attitude and told us to wait in line like everyone else....which we had been doing. He didn't offer to help or attempt to investigate that the lady at the register was doing her job.  After waiting for 30 minutes without the line even moving we left. Don't waste your time or money at this ill run establishment. (I have also eaten there in the past and the pizza wasn't that good)Great pizza! We started with pepperoni beignets! Light pastry with cheese pepperoni and a little red sauce. We got the desperado pizza. Ham, pineapple, onion, cheese, jalapeños, and red sauce! It comes with a New York style crust. Really good. Good ambiance-showing Rocky3 on the wall, playing Led Zeppelin for tunes. In a converted warehouse. Prices reasonable. Highly recommend!!Good pizza options. They provided helpful advice to tourists regarding the area. Would return to this place in the future because they are open late enough when other restaurants have closed.Music was slapping . Came during happy hour 4-7 which was dope . All employees were super chill and laid back . BEST PIZZA IVE HAD IN MY LIFEAtmosphere was great, very chill and welcoming. Ordered personal pizza great size, super full. Chef mad a desert pizza and gave us a slice for free! So good, cookie crumble pizza! Pizza crust for desert and regular pizza was in between thin and regular crust which I loved.Places like this are the reason that this app and others like it are of no use to people in the restaurant industry. The pictures are obviously fake once I got my pizza. Severely understaffed. 50+ seats and one person behind a bar taking cAre of all of them. The staff was doing their best but people were angry and something needed to be done. Multiple items on the menu were 86d early in the night and the food took very long and was just not very good. Again no complaints to the staff they were working hard.The absolute worse experience ever! The service was TERRIBLE. The staff were all over the place, messing up orders and tickets, playing around and taking shots. They were rude and making excuses for their lack of good service. Seems like this team needs to take holiday preparation a little more seriously for busy days/nights. The kitchen staff and floor staff seemed ill prepared and it showed through their tone and attitude. We never even received our food!Had dinner delivered from here.  Left me disappointed.  My appetizer, the mac n cheese au gratin, was a greasy mess.  The portion size was small, and not even close to worth it for the price.  The spinach salad was underwhelming, and the strawberry vinaigrette was very thick and overly sweet.  The homemade mozzarella logs were ok, my fiance liked them way more than I did.  The portion size on them was great, but they tasted like they had been fried for too long.  Fiance got the "build your own" calzone, which he enjoyed, and the thing was huge!  Nothing about the food from here justified the price though.  Not a fan.This place was pretty good. We weren't originally planning to come here, but after a last minute change of plans we found this restaurant. It seemed a little "hole in the wall" which is always fun to try! The food was good and the employees were very nice and accommodating. One of the best things was that we were able to park right in front of the restaurant for free since it was after 6pm, which is rare for downtown New Orleans. 
Overall, good pizza place close to a lot of downtown sites.I still call this place Pi haha.  It's essentially the same place as the original.  Solid slice for either lunch or great for the late night slice without the grease of bourbon street.  Outlaw also offers a selection of other italian type of items besides pizza and their salads aren't bad as well.  During late night hours, you can buy pizza by the slice here.The mozzarella logs are to die for and the pizza is pretty good as well. The staff was very friendly. The food came out bou 5 mins after orderedReally great food and drinks but even better service. Our bar tender Julie was ready at a moments notice for another slice of pizza or another drink. She went the extra mile for me when my phone was dead and searched diligently for a charger where as the majority of places in the area would not do the same. The management was also extremely helpful and polite when there was a mix up with my Payment (my fault.) I am a Louisiana native and I would recommend this place for both my out of town friends and my friends who are just looking for a place to get a reasonable priced meal and an awesome environment to drink at. 10/10 Ill be there the next time I return to New Orleans. Music inside was great also which adds to the general experience.This place is an absolute travesty in every which way - pricing, food quality, knowledge of what they serve (They have no idea what is on their own menu - The menu wasn't even outdated!) and service. A last minute desperate decision, this establishment was located literally across from my hotel stay in New Orleans. When the food was finally delivered after almost TWO f**king hours, it looked like they created pizza out of garbage scraps and tasted as such. I couldn't stand to eat this disaster, and believe me, I can eat A LOT of food and ate my fair share of sh*t. I immediately discarded my order and ended up wasting money (and an unnecessary amount for such a place with their pricing) and decided to eat a protein bar and waited several hours to have actual food. If you stay at the Marriott, and Outlaw Pizza is your only option, my advice to you is to just starve. I understand why this place is called Outlaw Pizza - It should be outlawed.The restaurant was on the next block from our hotel for a couple day visit to New Orleans. The interior is dark with high beamed ceilings, a warehouse conversion. We visited before the later arriving crowd. We ordered a medium veggie pizza with artichokes and olives. The crust is thin with a plentiful amount of toppings. There was ample amount for the two of us. This was a good stop and a good buy. The pizza was an good choice.Good for that last bit of food for the night. Don't expect good service or a smile. Maybe we just picked the wrong night.Great place to hang out late nights! good pizza and drinks...bartender's service is a little slow but pizza is worth itOutstanding pizza! Was thrilled to see that they offered artichoke as a topping which is such a delicious option but not one seen everywhere. Overall pizza quality was far above average and could actually be compared to Venezia's, which is very high praise from my perspective.
I am looking forward to dining in to sample more of the menu as this review is based on delivery.Pretty good place for a pizza and beer.  Nothing fancy.  Just good pizza and good service.  Highly recommended for what it is, good pizza place, reasonable price.  Five stars in its category.Ordered for delivery via Postmates. Even after calling and confirming my order with an employee when placing it online, the order still came wrong and was missing items :( the pizza had no flavor and the dough tasted undercookedThe pizza was fine but it is always alarming / horrifying to eat at an establishment when there are rats running around the restaurant.Stopped in late night, had the Muffaletta calzone!  It was so good really hit the spot, I would try any of their pizzas, the King Creole is nextGreat food! Lydia was awesome server and bartender! Customer service was exemplary!Had the Wild Bunch, Margherita pizzas as well as the muffaletta calzone. All were great. People are friendly and easy to talk to.Horrible, horrible service. The woman who took our order was extremely rude. "Are you going to order or what?" After we've been waiting in line for a while only to find out the only thing we were allowed to order was a large pizza. No single slices. No appetizers. No drinks. She made us feel like we were a huge burden even after the restaurant advertised for "late night eats from 11:00 p.m. - till" and we arrive around 1:00 a.m. 
The woman also handled the food with no gloves after touching money.Awesome pizza and staff! Bartender and cook were very personable! Pizza very well-priced. Very generous amount of toppings. Would definitely come back next time I'm in New Orleans!CHANGED FOR THE WORSE***This used to be one of my favorite pizza places in New Orleans. They had the thin-ish crust and real chunks of Italian sausage. I don't know why they decided to change the meats they use (assuming financial) but the pizza we got tonight was very generic. The dough was thick and spongy. The sausage was small and flavorless. The pepperoni was smaller and super thin. I've had better pizza from Sam's Club (not even joking).I used to come to this pizza join ALLLL the time when I was younger and a club rat. Pizza has always been great. Finally came back about 3 years later and it still exists! Pizza is still delicious, great customer service, and beer selection. I only have one issue with this place. Why do you guys not offer the current games that are on. Would it seriously be that much of an issue to get cable? The boyfriend and I stopped in after a saints game and were trying to watch the game after , we were sad to find out that there was no cable here and an old football game playing on the screen. We wanted to have some cocktails and hang out for a few BUT we just couldn't do it due to the fact that we couldn't watch our Sunday night football. We left disappointed but full. Def will not come back on a Sunday!One of the worst service experiences of my life. Waited in a short line for 30 minutes to find out that the girl taking orders was either on drugs or unable to perform her simple job. She was in a conversation with the same guy in line for ten minutes and was ignoring everyone else, couldn't even plate a pizza. I went to tell another employee that was doing nothing but talking to another employee doing nothing, and he told me to wait in line like everyone else, which i had been doing, and pretty much said i was lying and that she was doing her job. Everyone seemed intoxicated or on drugs that was employed. We ended up leaving after 30 minutes, never eating. I will never be back. I have worked in the service industry for almost ten years and the way the man I complained to talked to me was disgusting. Please don't eat here, especially late at night.Awesome because they were one of the very few that were open for Mardi Gras and even better because it was like midnight on Mardi Gras... the pizza was solid too.The toppings are good but the dough is not and it seems everyone is high..... even bringing us the wrong food and leaving it on the table.