Take it from the Duke, best breakfast deal in the area. Get out of your hotel and eat where the hard working LA go for grub.  Clean, friendly staff.  True breakfast food for a great price.The ladies were lovely and so hospitable. Only waited 7 minutes from the time we ordered to the plate at our table. Drinks never ran dry and the sweetness was plentiful. Would recommend for breakfast and coming back to try their poboy for lunch.Very unassuming from the outside. Have a seat and enjoy a sausage and cheese omelet with hash browns , fantastic. I'll definitely be back.First breakfast in NOLA and I was highly disappointed.  I decided on the 2 eggs over medium with a side of sausage, grits and a biscuit.  The eggs were cooked perfectly. The sausage on the other hand, it tasted like a cross between gyro meat and a frozen sausage patty. Nothing stood out about the grits and unfortunately my biscuit was hard (not even the butter could save it) and not flaky as the others wrote about.  
What made the experience worse was that the man at the register who manually inputted my family's first breakfast plate into his cash register was in the middle of a phone call, then interrupted by a waitress to make change (so he had to input her ticket), then went back to entering ours. He gave us a total for 3 breakfast platters of $23, swiped our credit card. As we signed the receipt, he mentions that he forgot to charge us for a plate. Really??? We didn't want to argue and our first day exploring NOLA to be ruined, so we paid the extra $9 he was asking for.  
Maybe they have better lunch items but I wouldn't even want take that chance.  We found better options literally just blocks away!Basic breakfast joint with simple menu.  Pleasant staff quick to get drinks and take the order.  Basic 2 egg breakfast with hash browns, bacon and toast.  Hot and quick. All was good.  Can't beat the price for what you get.This place was recommended to us on our trip to new Orleans & it was so fantastic we went back twice. Delicious shrimp & catfish po boys.Their seafood gumbo was as good as I have had in NO recently. It was only $6.15 for a large bowl. Seems they may only serve the seafood gumbo on Wednesday and Friday. Came with warm buttered french bread for dipping. Had some crab, shrimp and sausage. Did not see any oysters in the gumbo but with oysters prices so high that is to be expected at this price. Get some for you and yo momma.Stopped here for breakfast while stating in the French Quarter.  The eggs, bacon, and sausage were cooked as expected and were good.  The biscuits were lacking - did not care for those.  Our server was amazing.  She was very attentive and really added to the experience.Huge portions!! Very casual...the shrimp and oyster po-boys were delicious.  The cocktail sauce was great.  We just were walking by and this place was very unassuming, very local.  The people serving you were definitely were committed to the food....we would go back...but this time I would wouldn't order so much food.  THE GUMBO was YUMMY.  Glad we walked into this place.I enjoyed the reasonable prices and good service. All my joints were lubricated post breakfast since there was more than sufficient ingredient of butter. Grits and biscuit were fantastic. The one egg was over easy and as good as I do it. I will make it my regular place. Also was not crowded but looks like some regulars or locals there. They usually know the good spots. The owner appeared to be an immigrant appreciative of what opportunities exist in America. God Bless America!Had the gumbo and creole for lunch. Both tasty and reasonably priced. This is solid no-frills restaurant. No table clothes or mood lighting. Get in a cafeteria-style line, order, food dished out in front of you, and pay. Shrimp, oysters and catfish fried to order. Other diners swear by the shrimp. But alas just so much a visitor could taste in one visit. The cajun owner at the register added character. Note closes at 2:00 on Saturdays and closed on Sundays.One word. Underestimated! No fancy bells, whistles, or artwork. This is just a classic dinner-request with heart and soul thrust into the food. This is a true blue collar establishment with that southern hospitality and tried-and-true recipe of good inexpensive food. Yes, it's a bit grimy to look at, but being good... Has nothing to do with looking pretty!This is easily one of my most favorite restaurants in America. Sure, it looks like an abandoned hospital cafeteria, but that's part of the reason they can keep their prices low low low!!!
There's really little to say here other than that the staff is amazingly friendly--"amazingly" in the sense that they're genuinely extremely friendly without being even a tad creepy--and the food is good--so good it makes eating any other food depressing and sad. On a related note, they have what I would consider a really authentic representation of the Cajun food they serve. Like others have commented, the shrimp po-boys are clearly imported from a magical planet that consists of nothing but shrimp po-boys and are delicious.
In sum: Eat here, become sad that all other food no longer satisfies you, then come back here again and again as you slowly make peace with your new station in life.Yes! The catfish, shrimp, mac and cheese are must haves. Bacon omelette with cheese and hash browns were good, especially for the economical price. The service had true southern charm. Mac and cheese wasn't on the menu but our server was sweet enough to check in the back and found two servings. Ask if something isn't on the menu & you want it. The club sandwich was good and the fries were super crisp. The place is roomy and clean. Definitely a solid choice for breakfast or lunch.My introduction to the Po' Boy was at this little shop, oh so many years ago.  I think they moved to this spot sometime during the last century, or perhaps they just had the entire thing power-washed.  
In any event, the vibe of this place hasn't changed in 20 years.  The same familiar faces of the owners greet you, a duo of gentlemen, along with their hardworking staff.
Ordering can be a bit hectic, but there is a method to the signature madness.  If there's a line, get behind it.  As you approach the counter, shout your order to anyone who doesn't look extremely busy.  If you don't, the person behind you will.  Which may seem annoying, but the losers on their cell phones starve to death instead of slowing you down.
This is greasy spoon food at its finest.  I have gotten the plate lunches on occasion, and they are okay.  But you need to come here for the shrimp Po' Boys.  I mean, really...I know more than one displaced native who comes here on every visit.  They aren't the best of the best po' boys you can get in the greater New Orleans area, but if you are a CBD worker or a tourist who isn't leaving the vicinity of the Quarter you should give it a try.I try to limit myself to one visit per week, but this is my favorite hung-over-at-work lunch spot.  Something about the balance of carbohydrates, grease, cholesterol and sodium (more Crystal? yes please!) in the shrimp po-boys hits the spot EVERY time.  The mac-n-cheese is a delicious hangover side but you might want to split cuz it's huge.
They have several other flavors of po-boy, platters and sides, all generously portioned.  Their meatballs are as big as tennis balls.
Order cafeteria style.  But don't worry, everything is fresh, as you'll see them running back and forth from the kitchen to replenish their serving line.  We get there a little before the lunchtime rush but I've never seen it too crowded to get a table.Stopped in here for lunch one afternoon. The staff was friendly but the food was nothing special. It's "okay" but when in New Orleans there are much better options out there for lunchReally yummy and cheap. THE spot in the CBD for cajun food. I had a cup of gumbo which was big, thick and rich. Fried catfish plate which was three fillets a piece of bread and a large scoop of potato salad. Very good. About three blocks from the Hyatt.Love this place, the owners and staff are extremely friendly and always give a smile when I come in!!!!Best Bacon Egg & Cheese Biscuit EVER!
The biscuit itself is unique - squarish, soft, buttery, moist -- Perfect. AND they delivered it right to my hotel room to complete a lazy staycation morning. Can't wait to eat there in person!Hands down the best breakfast I have had since arriving in New Orleans! I had the a bacon, egg and cheese on a French roll! Delicious! Very close to my New York bodega sandwiches. My husband had the pancakes and an omelet. The pancakes are fluffy and golden without the typical diner hard crust. Amazing! The location is simple but the service is impeccable. Homestyle with A+ service. I will return!Awesome spot for a quick, cheap lunch. Friendly people working behind the counter too. If you don't mind a little grease, Gus' baked chicken is some of the best around. Did I mention cheap? Enormous plate of food for like $7.Best place for a homemade breakfast biscuit with bacon, egg, and cheese. - server offers jelly on the side (why not!).
Cedric, from La Pavillon, is great- and he recommended this place when we asked where to go for breakfast sandwiches. Didn't disappoint.
Love the mom and pop shops - they are closed Sundays so make sure you go prior.I love this place so much.  PERFECT for lunch if you're in the CBD.  Great service and delicious food.  Not much more to say so just try it and thank me later.Best breakfast I've had in a long time. Very friendly service and great prices. I highly recommend it!No frills cafeteria with an enclosed turtle garden of sorts for idle eyes. The nicest staff member here was the busboy in offering to refill our unsweetened tea and waters; the lady on the assembly line was brusque at best. Small bowl of shrimp creole is generous in size and flavor, and one of the few pleasing items they had to offer. Mac and cheese used a country gravy sauce to make it extra filling. Fried oysters were on scale with the area's average size, and certainly better than the somewhat soggy fried catfish. Unfortunately the stale bread used for sandwiches was hardly improved by butter, and the generic shredded lettuce was somewhat wilted. Bathrooms offer the looping towel thing that gives me hygiene heebie jeebies.The food was awesome and the service was great.  If you want an inexpensive place to go downtown,  this would be the spot!It's a cafeteria style diner. Good food, good prices. Local workers come for lunch. We had red beans and rice with smoked sausage along with gumbo. All very good. Yes, service was curt but that's OK.Delicious and practical. One of the best places I visited in New Orleans. Diamond in the rough! This local diner is gracious with portions and has delicious local foods such as gumbo and poboy sandwiches.Perfect for what it is.  Went for breakfast as we were tired of paying fancy hotel prices for a marginal breakfast.
This is a classic southern dinner feel.  Staff is super friendly. The food came quickly and was prepared well.P & G Restaurant 
345 Baronne St
New Orleans, LA  70112
United States
Simplicity come a long way !!
Modest place 
Rita my server always smiling ....
Love her vibes
$18.35 for two breakfastI just ate here about 5 minutes ago and had to write a review.  This place embodies what new orleans is all about.  I ordered the seafood plate for about $11 and they went out of their way to give me over 30 pieces of shrimp.  I was so moved.
I also got a bowl of gumbo and its better than any other place.  When you bite the crab, the soup has already sunken into the meat.  
The portions here are super friendly and its a joint where locals not tourists go to have a nice breakfast or lunch.  Highly recommend this place.Surprising good hole in the wall place only went due to yelp recommendation. Upon walking in for lunch I was kinda shocked that they didn't have any markings of what the food was. Anyways ordered shrimp plate with mac while the lady ordered the same with fries. Shrimp was crisp and delicious and seasoned just right. The highlight wad the muddy green looking gumbo....that goop was the best I've had and better than acme (probably not the definitive place for gumbo though). It had whole pieces of crab that was probably cooking for hours on end. Don't let the look fool you, try the gumbo. Friendly old man at the counter and cheap a$$ prices.This place is what makes New Orleans awesome. Not special in appearance, basically a diner. But no wait like some other hole in the wall spots in the area (e.g. Mother's and Johnny's). They have one of the best fried oyster po boys I've ever had. Very reasonably priced. I love any place whose menu is up on a board too. Great service. Only downside is you can't try this place if you're laid up all day in bed with a hangover. But that's your problem not theirs.Fantastic service, food, price.  Absolutely nothing bad to say about this place!!This is a place where the locals go. I walk in on a Thursday morning and there are cops, construction crew and business folks eating. Standard Diner fare. Not a huge menu- breakfast standards. Big portions. Fair prices. Nothing fancy. Just good food.Lawdddd. ...the fried seafood at 10am is on point!  That potato salad,  yes indeed!  This is a little piece of southern heaven. In the middle of bar prep I found joy in the form of a shrimp and oyster plate. Definitely will be back and people had breakfast plates with creamy buttery grits and big slices of hot sausage and a glazed over look in their eyes.... p and g must stand for pleasant and good!Don't let the sign outside scare you at all. This is cafeteria style, good cooking.  Easily the best shrimp po boy I have ever had in the Big Easy. I have also had the red beans and rice special with smoked sausage, about $7. It's only available on Mondays. It's flavorful without excessive heat.  
My husband's shrimp PO boy was amazing and only about 9 bucks. Hot and fresh and loaded with shrimp.  Forget Johnny's. Walk a few blocks here.  The service is friendly with excellent pricing.Best plate lunch spot in the CBD. Its not much to look at on the inside (or outside),  and the service isn't exactly white glove, but after you eat the food you won't care.
My personal favorites are:
Fried shrimp plate
The seafood gumbo
The smothered chicken
Shrimp Creole
I've yet to have the red beans and rice, but I've never heard a bad thing about it.Excellent and casual lunch stop recommended by our hotel.  Oyster poor boy pretty good and the bread excellent.  Also had gumbo ; hearty, and a generous bowl.Just like most folks here in NOLA friendly and warm. Food is home cooking, so far we just had the breakfast but now everyone is standing in line for lunch. This is one of those, don't judge a book by its cover.Great Gumbo even though it has an Etouffee flavor. Delish PoBoys and Great Prices! We have eaten here several times and will be back.We came here for breakfast thanks to good reviews. The breakfast was simple and to the point, my fiancé got an omelet with a biscuit and I got two egg breakfast and coffee. Total check was $18, but we were pretty full; not nasty stuffed but satisfied. Service was friendly, the room- kinda old but clean. The only reason I gave it 4 stars because sanitation must not be all that great- all food handled with bare hands, biscuits cut and serviced also with no gloves, and I didn't see any hand washing done; whatever condiments (jelly, creamer) wasn't used was given to the next table. The guy came in to do some prep work for lunch was handling all bread and hoagies with his bare hands as well. Didn't notice him wash hands since he came in either, but I also wasn't watching him every second. We personally didn't care as much but I can see how it could be a problem for some people.Really good food, a place where locals go, and very affordable. Also they give you a LOT of food. Recommend oyster poboy and red beans and rice and gumbo and macaroni because that's what I had and I'm sure their other stuff is really good too.An inexpensive option in NOLA.  Very down homey.  The servers were genuine New Orleans (with a Greek owner).  We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast that was under $20 for two.  Eggs, bacon grits and a biscuit were delicious.No frills, just very friendly service and great food. Definitely worth the trip to this little gem!So I recently went on a vacation and New Orleans was one of the places we went. When you are in a new and exciting town, you really want to get a feel for their culture. Of course FOOD is huge part of it. So this cute little place was right down the street from our hotel. We walked about 3 blocks and BAM there it was!
 Right when we walked in the door, we were promptly greeted with a friendly Hello and lots of smiles. We sat down, looked at the menu and were shocked at how awesome the prices were. Super inexpensive. My cousin and I ordered the hot cakes, and sausage. My auntie ordered the eggs and potatoes. Austin, my other cousin ordered a ham and cheese Omelette. My uncles James ordered eggs, gritts, and bacon. All came with biscuits. 
  OH Emmm Geeeeeeee! Deliciousness!!! Everything was absolutely incredible. My 9 year old cousin put his fork on top of the pancakes and all you could see was the butter streaming out of them....Anything you could ever want from a Pancake..This was it! So Fluffy and moist and hott and buttery, oh and so much syrup...mmmmmmm Thinking about it is makin me crazy. This is a MUST HAVE.
 My uncle looked at me and was like " You have to try these grits and bacon" ...Now I'm not usually a grits fan, but sure enough super tasty as well. Oh and the bacon? Bomb. com, not too greasy, not overcooked, not undercooked.  It was justtt right. :) At first  Austin was a little hesitant on eating because it looked a little different than the typical Omelette but once he tried that sucker, it was over.. I looked over and in about three minutes it was gone. He said it was the best he has ever had.
  Last but not least, another must have would definitely be the biscuits. Michelle referred to them as nothing short of a miracle. You know how when you receive your toast, muffins or biscuits you always have to make sure you butter them and it takes lots of time, and sometimes the butter is too cold and doesn't spread evenly...Well you don't have to worry when you're here. It is already pre-buttered to perfection...I felt like i was eating a cloud, not to bready not too sweet. Best Biscuit of my life. no joke.
                                                                                       Love, Satisfied customerI ordered a hamburger.  I know they had specials -- salisbury steak and mashed taters, spaghetti, etc., but all I really wanted was a hamburger.
The lady taking my order and preparing the bun side of things was friendly and warm.  
The burger came out and it was HUGE -- really, the equivalent of two hamburgers!  
The owner or manager there -- who was fully engrossed in eating his own lunch at the time -- apparently trusts nobody but himself.  The nice lady had to call him over from his lunch to ring me up.  I asked incredulously, but quietly, "Only he can ring me up?"  She nodded.  How incredibly stupid!  To me, such lack of faith and trust in his employees makes HIM look like a jerk!
Now, the hamburger.   GROSS, GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!!!!  I swear to you, it was 80% FILLER.  And not even edible filler -- like oats or breadcrumbs or something.  If it wasn't roof shingle filler, it surely was cardboard!  I gnawed off and choked down five small bites only because I was starving and was on my lunch break.
After talking to a co-worker and reading some reviews, I would consider going back for the hot plate specials -- but never ever ever ever for a hamburger!We had travelled to New Orleans for a race. Being clueless about the city we relied on Yelp to find our breakfast. This place was amazing! Cheap and delicious food! The staff is incredibly friendly. If you are looking for breakfast go here. 
Don't let the appearance discourage you! We ate here 3 out of the 4 days we were in town!
Thank you P & G!The famous  shrimp po-boy def lived up to its name! I would give it 4 stars but the waitresses had terrible attitudes..Great bargain.  Very friendly and efficient service.  Great prices.  This is a breakfast and lunch place only.  The servers are fantastic!  The owners work behind the counter and are real New Orleans characters.   Love. it.Tremendous!  One of my favorite places on NOLA.  Food is great as is the service.  Great variety.Really quick breakfast. The staff is really friendly. The owner was there both dates that I went. Carry out or eat in.  Seems to me that's where all the local blue collar workers go to.P & G is a great value at lunch.
A fellow Yelper suggested I try P&G and I am glad that I listened. The restaurant is set up like a diner. You enter, order at the counter, get your food, pay and find a seat. 
One of the daily specials was red beans so I didn't need to look any further. The portion was very large. In fact, my entire plate was covered with so much that it was difficult to carry back to the table without spilling some. I opted for hot sausage, but they also had plain smoked sausage. The red beans were very good. While not spicy, the beans were well seasoned. 
All of the staff I encountered were very friendly. Although there was no traditional server, employees were circulating asking if customers needed refills, etc. This was a nice touch since most diner style restaurants are self-serve for drinks.
There is a cool looking courtyard area towards the back of the restaurant. This area had at least six turtles crawling around. While you can't sit out there, the tables nearest this area are the best spots to sit.
I will definitely keep P&G in the lunch spot rotation.
If you are looking for simple, good food and don't want to break the bank, try P&G.This place is very under-rated. More people need to know about this place. It comes off as a hole in the wall but there is a lot of variety. The food is very consistent and affordable. I think I've had everything on the menu here but I now stick to a simple turkey and cheese omelet.I mean really... talk about your humble, approachable place, full of locals and with great food!  We stopped in after arriving for lunch and ordered the shrimp po boy, chicken po boy, fries and a cup o gumbo.  Po boys = 100.  Oh so delicate yet crispy bread stuffed with perfectly deep fried and abundant shrimp, L, T, and awesome cocktail sauce and creamy tartar.  The gumbo was funky, complex, and delish!  Buttery soft shrimp and blue crab legs sticking out like Loch Ness made it a gumbo to remember.  Top it off with friendly service and good prices.  Hey when you see the fire captain here,  you know it's money.Stopped in here at 8 a.m. on a Saturday morning after asking our hotel bellman for a spot close-by that served a quick, basic breakfast.  We got exactly what we asked for.  No such thing as turkey bacon here.  No such thing as a brunch menu.  Eggs, sausage or bacon, grits or hashbrowns and toast.  Did the trick.  The price was right, and our waiter was as nice and as helpful as he could be.The place doesn't look like much but the 2 egg breakfast was pretty good. Bacon and sausage had good flavor as well as the hash browns.Where the locals eat; hotel & casino employees, construction & utility workers, suits & overalls, cops & drivers, sometimes the mayor.  Cafeteria line (Petra & Gus presiding over), menu on the white board, tables spread out in the large, utilitarian room.  Good, basic food, in large portions, cheap.  Surprisingly quiet; have a conversation, do a deal, read the paper, play with your phone.
Many po boys, 3 or 4 "plates", a few daily specials.
Fried shrimp, oysters, catfish were all very good: lightly battered, not at all greasy, correctly cooked, good flavor.  Potato salad and tomatos were a good step above standard.  Gumbo was excellent; "cup"= small bowl.  
Looking for romantic, fine dining and innovative dishes?  This ain't it.  For a lunch - for what it is -  it's excellent.One of New Orlean's hidden gem. Get the shrimp po boy. And their seafood gumbo - best in town.While wandering for a breakfast spot that my fiancé remembered from a previous trip (that we never did quite find), we stumbled upon this place. 
It's not much for looks, though as we were lingering unsure in the entryway, a local assured us that "this place is good." Enough encouragement for us. 
Our simple two egg, meat, hash, and bread breakfasts were quick, if utilitarian. Sausage patties were just okay, and they were out of biscuits, but my over mediums were pretty well cooked, and the potatoes were flavorful. The service was polite and lovely, and the coffee meant serious business. 
I'd be more curious about their lunch menu - business and blue collar folks alike started coming in around 11:30a for po boys and stew chicken and red beans & rice. We're hopeful we have time to come back for that, and (naturally) the gumbo.As you can see by the number of yelp reviews, this place is a bit unknown to the tourist crowd. Be forewarned- you don't eat here for the décor or ambience. You eat here for the good southern, creole, Cajun food. It's a cafeteria style. Food is in a glass sneeze guarded steam table. There are plenty of items on the menu. One that stood out was the muffaletta. It was really good. We split it and sampled eachother's orders. None of us were disappointed. Serving sizes were generous and the food was fresh, homemade and tasty. I absolutely loved the deep-south, 1950's feel to this place. We stopped in here for lunch during our Summer 2012 family vacation and left with no regrets.Nice place, good people, good food
Second time here, first time had a breakfast sandwich, eggs were perfectly cooked. And traveled well. Came back for lunch, had a po boy, not the best I've ever had but excellent and well priced.My 10 year old daughter and I just had breakfast here. The service was impeccable! The food was good too. I had a turkey and cheese omelette with grits and a biscuit. My daughter had a shrimp po boy. We both left full and happy. I'm very glad we stopped by.I really enjoyed my experience at P & G. I came here during their lunch rush so things at the counter were a little confusing but I was served quickly and everyone was friendly. I got take out - fried shrimp poboy and the catfish. I ate three poboys during my visit to New Orleans and this one was by far the cheapest and was as good or better than any of the others. I'll agree with the other reviewers - this place isn't fancy so you shouldn't go there for that. If you just want to grab a delicious lunch and you don't want to spend a ton of money come to P & G. This place is in a great location just a few blocks off canal and very close to the super dome.The BEST shrimp poboy! Wonderful friendly staff.  Only open for Breakfast and Lunch. Just go!Great place for an inexpensive and filling breakfast.  Buttermilk biscuits are huge and made from scratch.  Definitely no frills.  But you can tell from the clientele that this place is well known by locals.  They also deliver.  Staff was very friendly and remember me from the time before.  Next time in NO will definitely stop again.Couldn't ask for anything more.  A line, some good seafood and a place to eat it.  The gumbo is probably the best I've had in the city.  The poboys are incredible and the fried seafood is melt in your mouth good.  We go here from work at least once a week.  P.S. Ask for extra french bread with your Gumbo, delish!Disappointing food. Gumbo was flavorless and fried catfish was barely seasoned. After all the good reviews I expected betterWe were staying at the Moxy and needed a place for breakfast.  All of the hipster places had a ridiculously long wait so we ended up here based on reviews. Delicious, homestyle classic breakfast offerings. Between the 3 of us we had 2 omelettes, eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, toast and pancakes and everything was delicious and buttery and well seasoned.  If you're looking for classic,  no frills and tasty, this is the place to go.I get a fried shrimp poboy over here just about every week.  Consistently delicious!I'm so glad I came here! It's a no frills, friendly place to grab some great food! It definitely had a local vibe and our server was so sweet.  I had a catfish po-boy and it did not disappoint.  My husband decided to get breakfast- 2 eggs, bacon and hash brown , and an order of grits. Nothing fancy, but hearty and delicious all the same. I really wish we had found this place on our first day of our trip and not our last. I would definitely check me back again!Good prices and a HUGE poboy for the price. The reason I'm only giving it 3 stars is because, at least when we were there, they did not clean the shrimp and they had the vein in them. They give ALOT of shrimp for the price, but it needed a little more sauce and the cleaned shrimp. If they fix that, then 5 stars for sure.Ample portions, tasty food, kindly service. Don't expect anything fancy. Though even if you did, you'd still come away happy you ate at this little hole in the wall cajun cafeteria. I did!One of the last remaining lunch counters in the city. I hope you know what you want walk up because they have several servers and the two owners taking orders to keep the line moving. Don't expect to be wowed with anything but you can be assured you'll get a decent meal at a decent price. I got the chicken fried steak today and it came with mashed potatoes and green beans for less than $9.The food and service was superb! I had the chicken fried steak with macaroni and cheese with mashed potatoes and brown gravy! The locals eat here for lunch. My husband had the omelet with mushrooms, green peppers, and chorizo potatoes. He loved it! My little one had a cheeseburger. They have daily specials and it's a great place for families or groups. Everything tastes homemade! I also had a cup of gumbo that was more like a bowl. That was good too!I just arrived and checked into my hotel and wanted a place to grab a quick lunch.  So right across the street I find P &G.  It's a cafeteria style place where you can get some good food for less than $10.  I kept it simple with the fried shrimp and french fries.  I was happy with my decision.  Plenty of food, well cooked fries, and tasty shrimp.  This isn't a touristy place, instead it seemed most people in there worked in the area.  It was a nice glimpse into the real world of NOLA as opposed to the tourism.Greek family sets up great lunch diner downtown for great homestyle cooked meals. Similar to their cousins over at please you, P&G offers a great deal for a lot of food in the CBD. I ate with some friends for lunch while I was in the area, I had the catfish plate with potato salad. The catfish was underwhelming as it was strips that added up to just one filet of fish. The breading was too heavy as you really couldn't get much taste from the fish. The potato salad was excellent so was the french bread. They offer different food options daily. If your in the mood, try it out.Solid breakfast offerings at a good price. Eggs made to order, cheese grits, biscuits (but no gravy). Substantial biscuit sandwiches.Great place for lunch! The food is very flavorful and they give you huge portions when you dine in. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I'm the type of person who asks alot of questions when it comes to the menu and pairings and they were very patient with me and answered my questions and my request for extra condiments graciously. I'll definitely return!