Had another amazing meal!!!! Cantaloupe Caprese Salad, Pork Chop, Homemade Rigatoni, the food is on point every time!  It is by far the best restaurant in NOLA.Most flavorful and enjoyable food! The tripe was outstanding and the zucchini bread was unforgettable! Drinks were great too!This place kills it on food, drinks, and friendly service. What's not to love? I was only in New Orleans for 4 days and went there twice for brunch and twice for dinner! Unusual and delicious wines by the glass. The tuna crudo was amazing, as was the braised rabbit with sweet potato gnocchi and for brunch, house made chicken sausage with polenta and blistered cherry tomatoes. Attentive and relaxed service( even solo at the bar) and a great, open feel to the space. GO!I love this place and they definitely serve my favorite brunch in NOLA.  Great staff, great food, and great ambiance. I thought the prices were reasonable, the cocktail and wine selection good.  It's location is very accessible and whenever I am in town I find my way back.I had the pleasure of eating here for brunch on my way through NOLA, and fell in love with the quaint ambience and the open warehouse decor. I had the Korean Steak and Eggs and a nibble of everything else my friends ordered as well, and ALL of it was delicious.
I rarely finish my entire meal in one sitting, but this time I cleared the whole plate and could have had seconds as well. Honestly wish I could pick up this restaurant and bring it back home with me!Went here for my friends birthday! Food and service was amazing. I will definitely be back. The eggplant starter was awesome with the melted cheesy mozzarella is so yummy! We also had the pesto pizza which was so good as well!!Made reservations for Sunday brunch and were not disappointed. We waited about 5-10 minutes for our table, but then were able to order almost immediately. Even more amazingly, our food arrived extremely quickly after it was ordered. So quickly we felt like they had read our minds and already had the order in the queue! The lemon-ricotta pancakes were delicious, as was the crab Benedict. Both the mimosa and the bloody mary were good, but the cocktail that was the true hit of the day was the Lizard Boots.I ordered the asparagus pizza and we had the tomatoe basil pizza too. We also ordered the ravioli which I was disappointed because it was just one large ravioli. The cheese board was delicious though.Place is fabulous, every single thing on all the menus. Brunch also, absolutely fabulous. Get milk punch and then a Bloody MaryFriendly staff, and a mostly pleasant dining experience. I think the portion sizes are small relative to price ($22 braised rabbit with gnocchi and brussels sprouts was not filling, maybe 4 oz. meat at best). Flavor was good, but poorly butchered rabbit with several bone fragments--some large--served in a bowl with a spoon was a major turn-off.
Did not try the pizza, but the panna cotta was quite good. Overall though, I could have spent $42 better for dinner, a glass of wine, and dessert. 
If you're staying at an AirBnB in the neighborhood, this place should be right up your alley. If you're from around here, though, you no doubt know of better options.Love the interior, love the seating, received fantastic service. Pizza was excellent, nice crust consistency and lovely ingredients. My whole party was happy.
I got the cobia, which was cooked beautifully on the surface. Great seasoning, incredible hard sear for a nice crust. I think it was in the oven after the burner for too long because the interior was just slightly dry. It came in a lovely broth with beans and artichokes, all delicious. 
Overall, very pleased, and looking forward to returning.Great place , decor and ambiance. The food is really good the prices are fair , is a great place for a romantic dinner or anniversary. Love the arancini balls and the fish . I would recommend this place to everyone!Delicious! I damn near overdosed on traditional Cajun cuisine during my last trip to New Orleans. Not complaining, but variety is a good thing! I was really craving some pizza, so my bf and I - who doesn't eat pizza - comprised on Italian.
Lots of really unique menu items and flavor pairings. I tried the lamb pizza which included some really delicious Tzatziki sauce --I don't even like that stuff!! 
The venue is very contemporary with an industrial,chic feel. Service was also great. They were behind on my pizza order, so they graciously comped my meal AND my second glass of wine. Thanks! 
It was pretty busy on a Friday night so reservations may be smart.Perfect informal brunch. Our food was delicious, especially the Korean steak and eggs, lemon ricotta pancakes, and egg sandwich.  The space is cool, if a bit noisy, and in the growing Bywater neighborhood.
We'll be back.Delicious trendy food spot. They have a local, fresh menu that updates every few weeks depending on what is available. The space is inviting with an open kitchen and high, exposed ceilings. I thoroughly enjoyed the food and experience, but I am a little off put by the fact that this is another in a slue of new restaurants doing the same thing. Whether it be in New Orleans, New York, or San Francisco, I could point you to a handful of hip restaurants that are insanely similar. 
Anyway, good food. Trendy place. Check it out.I've been to Paladar 4 or 5 times now and consistently find it one of the most enjoyable dining experiences in NOLA. Start with the layout which - in the vein of north northwest being more north than west - is industrial-chic chic. I have a problem branching out at Paladar because I'm stuck on some of my favorites like the arancini, ravioli and roasted carrot appetizers. Papardelle (homemade) makes me happy and I finally tried the pizzas which came highly recommended and surpassed expectation (egg, bacon, frites and collard greens). And finally, the cocktail menu always tantalizes and usually delivers.We went to Paladar 511 to have a girls Christmas brunch. I am so glad that we picked this restaurant because it was delicious. Our table was very indecisive so we finally decided to split the lemon ricotta pancakes, bacon and warm banana bread while we decided on our cocktails and main meals. 
I had a beautiful brandy milk punch and a cocktail that I cannot remember the name of (but you can see it in my photos!).
My main meal was the Korean steak and eggs and man this was to die for! In fact, after I ate my food i looked at my friend and exclaimed "I could eat this again"
The steak was cooked to perfection and the eggs ran the perfect amount. When the dish came to the table it was Insta-ready (and of course went straight onto my Instagram). 
Come here with an empty belly and you will leave a happy camper.Took my wife here for a birthday dinner last night. The staff was fantastic and the food was excellent. I highly recommend the braised rabbit but you can't go wrong with any choice from their menu, we were staring at all the dishes coming out of the kitchen.I have been to this incredible restaurant 5 times. Everytime it has been stellar. I only yelp for the best of the best and the worst of the worst... this place: chart topper!! Don't let the daunting walk through 2 blocks of dicey 'off the beaten path' deter you. You will be rewarded with a palate-splosion of yum. Decadently decision food that somehow still leaves you feeling healthy and light. Just go... you will be soooo glad you did.OMG, brunch at Paladar 511. So. Good.
Let me just say I was really glad I was with two people, so that I could sample the menu pretty well. We ordered the Korean Steak and Eggs, Eggs Benedict, Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, a side of Bacon, and an order of Zucchini Bread.
I expected to like the pancakes least, and I was so wrong. You see, I consider myself #teamwaffles and don't really think I like pancakes, but these lemon ricotta pancakes were so fluffy. They were served with powdered sugar on top and blueberry compote and butter on the side. I did put butter and the compote on my pancake, but man, you don't even need em! Just go and try them yourself, you'll see what I mean.
The Kr steak and eggs was delicious. This Korean gives a stamp of approval. The eggs benedict was actually my least favorite. It was good, but the other dishes were *very* good. The zucchini bread was delicious, but I thought a bit pricey at $5 for a slice. 
I really want to go back and eat the pancakes again. Please keep those on the menu!Am amazing place to brunch! Some of the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. The pancakes are incredible and melt in your mouth. Love be vibe. We walked in without a reservation during a busy time and they did a great job taking care of us!Absolutely amazing in every way. Service by Noah, food and atmosphere too. Love love love. New fav!!!So so so good!!! Came for brunch on a Saturday and was impressed! The menu definitely isn't your standard brunch menu. There is a Spanish influence to everything. The restaurant itself is gorgeous!  Worth it just to see inside. Was there with a large group and everyone's food looked amazing. Definitely try and homefires if you go!!I don't want this place to be too popular but seriously the best restaurant in New Orleans, they take their food seriously and with great pride. Wonderful date place or for a cozy friend get together. My favorites are the ravioli appetizer, pappardelle dish w lamb sausage and the pizza w egg but everything is knock your socks off melt in your mouth unforgettable!!!The pizza is absolutely delicious and has a lot of flavor. The dessert is also very good. The restaurant is in a good area and not too far from where I live. The atmosphere gives a very warm feeling.I have had good experiences at Paladar 511. If you're looking for a small plate Italian place, then you've found it.
Fried Arancini (6$). I love this. Mainly because I am a glutton for fried food.
House Made Raviolo (11$). You simply can not go wrong with anything truffled.
Pan-Seared Snapper (24$). Cooked well and tastes okay. It's not bad, but it's not the best dish that Paladar offers.
Crispy Chickend Roulade (20$). GET THIS. The chicken is so flavorful and juicy. Normally, I stray away from chicken dishes, but I would order this again.. again.. and again.We were disappointed in ourselves that we didn't eat here for all of our meals.  Excellent service and phenomenal food.  This is our new go to for New Orleans trips!There is a new star in town and its Paladar 511. The space is within a converted warehouse with a 2-story high ceiling, beautifully decorated with cool lighting and artwork. It features an open kitchen which can be scene by almost every table or if you were like me you can sit at the food bar and see everything prepared right in front of you. They have only been open about 6 weeks but constantly updating their menu to offer you the freshest options available. The establishment really has a great concept of "team", making sure things run smoothly. There were times I even saw various chefs run food for large orders to keep things moving and running like clockwork. The menu isn't huge but offer a nice selection of pizzas, salads, pastas and various meat and fish dishes, a well thought out selection. The vegetable risotto was outstanding. Reservations are recommended but if you don't have one walkins are available at the food bar and drink bar and its not a bad place to be to watch it all happen. Loved my experience and will be back again soon.I turned up, all windswept from a boat trip but, even though I wasn't dressed as well as the other diners, I was treated exactly the same. As I hadn't reserved, I sat at the bar which I found fascinating, watching the chefs preparing the meals. There was good camaraderie with no Gordon Ramsey swearing! I had the most delicious red snapper followed by poppyseed cake which was an absolute taste explosion, brought to me by the chef who had prepared it!  I highly recommend this restaurant, which is probably a converted warehouse, and has a relaxing and buzzing atmosphere.The best entertainment here is the open kitchen. Everyone that works here looks essential to creating, serving, hosting, bartending. It really looks like a coreographed performance. We were seated promptly and given explanations for the menu. We ordered the house salad which is similar to a cesar salad. They had just a tad too much anchovy for my taste, but it was a very fresh and delacate salad. Then we just had the pepperoni pizza and the riccota ravioli. The pizza was good, hand made from scratch. I love a good rustic style pizza with a lot of fresh tomato sauce, and this delivered. The ravioli was served with brown butter and mushrooms. The mushrooms were my favorite part. The ravioli was good. I really want to come back and try some of their other dishes. The meal left me wanting a little more for my money, but overall a delicious meal.Truly spectacular breakfast in Nola. We've always struggled for a good breakfast spot, which is why Ruby Slipper has like 10 locations.
But this is a different league! The juevos, Korean steak and eggs, and pancakes are beyond heavenly. And the tuna crudo!
Came back a second time, with three more locals, and all of us are blown away.I came here a couple of months ago with my boyfriend- the food is absolutely amazing!
We came in early for our reservation and had to wait a bit, but not horribly long.
I like the ambiance- the decor and building is pretty cool. One thing I don't like are the tables. Some of the tables are small and just way to close together. I could literally reach my arm out and touch the table next to us. Not a lot of privacy when the people next to you can hear every word.
Another thing I didn't like were the bathrooms. They have unisex bathrooms, which is fine- but they weren't as clean as I expected. Also pretty bad lighting in the stalls.
I don't remember all of the details for food and drinks- but everything we had was delicious. We each had a pizza and enjoyed them both. 
We also asked for a recommendation on appetizers and ordered the tuna...which is a must-have! It's so good that it's been months and I still think about it. Absolutely amazing dish!one of the better meals i've had in a good bit. Everything was great but these stood out:
Tri Color Salad
Raviolo
Tuna Crudo
Pork Chop
Bolognesecouldn't get better than this!  Blows Pizza D out of the water. everything was exceptional.Paladar is now serving Brunch on weekends, and boy is it delicious.
We started off with very flavorful bloody marys and then some house made zucchini bread. Delicious. It had been lightly grilled and was very nice.
Four of my companions had the Korean steak and eggs over rice which was quite tasty, but for me the star was the eggs benedict that I had. This is certainly the most standard of brunch fare, but their take on it was fantastic.
The base was a moist corn cake with the egg on top and then crab and sweet corn. The play between the rich, lemony hollandaise and the the toppings was fantastic. Perfectly cooked egg too. The whole thing was just amazing. 
All in all a nice addition to their excellent pizzas. I was extremely impressed. Definitely worth adding to your roster of brunch places.BLUF:  Crazy good everything.  Pizza, cocktails, apps.
I love this part of town.  So much character.  This place is hidden and huge and you wouldnt know it was there.  Very nice place but still felt relaxed.  Very modern and hip inside.  Great staff and service.  We got there early and it was empty and was quickly full.   
I started with a cocktail because... 'Merica.  It was great.  I forget exactly what it was but it had egg whites.
We started with the raviolo (kinda like a ravioli) with mushrooms.  It was crazy good.  Very very good.
We shared 2 entrees.  The egg pizza was amazing.  The egg was cooked perfect and ran so you had to eat parts of it with knife and fork.  It was really good.
We also go the crispy chicken entre which was also very good but less intresting than the other 2 things we got. No complaints at all though.
There was absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.  They exceeded every expectation for each thing ordered.  Great place.  (I just checked their menu and it looked different so all the more reason to keep going back)OH WOW. 
I can't believe I have been missing out on this place all this time. Date-night was fabulous xs 10 because of this New New Orleans restaurant. 
What a breath of fresh air to walk in a place that is very fast paced yet everything flowing so well.  There are several sections to choose from in the restaurant. Tip: make a reservation at least a day in advance and come on an empty tummy. 
I am pregnant and craving delish foods crazy. I had a margheritta pizza. Not so sure I spelled that correctly. Hubby had a steak. He is a a steak man and said it was really good. For desert we got the blueberry pie and peach with ice cream. Both were really good. Oh yeah, DRINKS!!! I will let you know in a few months. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the libations, so rock on!!! 
All of the staff were extremely helpful. This restaurant is a pleasant addition to the New Orleans world of food and pleasure. 
Yelpers, this should be on your 'must try' list.5 stars forever. We ordered 8 different dishes family style including the rabbit, pizza, cheese plates, ravioli, and truffle pasta. It was all delicious. Some of the best food I have had in the last decade. What a gem of a restaurant. Please do yourself a favor and try the cuisine.Delicious for dinner! We had a lot of great things but highlights were the Fried Arancini and the Braised Rabbit with sweet potato gnocchi.Open kitchen, great food. A friend recommended the lamb and it was excellent. The staff was great in the kitchen and front of house. They are probably paid enough and treated with respect.... they seem to care about the food and experience:
Recommend!Awesome experience took us right away. Beef carpaccio was to die for and the pizza had very bright sauce and was also amazing.Sunday brunch with some friends. The interior decoration is beautiful. Ordered coffee, lemon ricotta pancakes, huevos rancheros, and spicy breakfast pizza.
The food portions were not large, but the flavors were good. The pancakes came with  three pancakes and sides of maple syrup, kumquat marmalade, and butter. Huevos rancheros used pinto beans, which was a pleasant surprise. The pizza was light and thin crust, which was good for a brunch meal.
The only coffee option was drip coffee with half and half. No milk or other creamer options. The coffee is not listed on the menu and it turned out each cup was $3.50, which is very pricey for plain coffee.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the flavors of the food. A welcome change from the typical brunch options. I would give them four stars if they put the coffee price on the menu.I had an amazing experience at Paladar. The food was incredible and the service was great. My only nit-picky comment is the restaurant was not well air conditioned and August in New Orleans isn't exactly comfortable. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone. As a local it is my favorite restaurant.Great industrial atmosphere. Not too noisy given the exposed brick and steel dining room. Menu just changed that night for summer. Pork chop was smoky and black eyed peas with greens were spot on. Arugula and spinach pizzas were oven crisp and tasty.my new favorite restaurant in new orleans. excellent and attentive service, great wine and beer selection, and every single dish is just right. the pizzas can be a main, or you can split one in half as a starter. the margherita pizza is one of the best i've ever had. you won't go wrong with mushroom raviolo, shishito peppers, melon -- or the incredible short-rib arancini (a meal unto itself). this place is as vegetarian-friendly as any restaurant in louisiana. parking was not a problem--lots of places just down the street, and an easy two-block walk to frenchman street if you'd like to listen to music afterward.I'm totally in love with this place...everything about it! The space is gorgeous with high ceilings and an open kitchen. Stop #2 on our NOLA tour, my gf and I walked in and grabbed two seats at the bar where we could watch the kitchen staff work their magic. 
Though I wasn't planning on ordering another cocktail after the strong drink at stop #1, I couldn't resist a whiskey drink called the Overly Aggressive Old Man. Not only does it have an awesome name, but it is a combination of all my favorite things- rye, cynar, campari, carpano antica. Could not have asked for anything better.
We went with the waitresses recommendations when it was time to order and I'm so glad we did. Everything came out looking beautiful and tasting fabulous.
- Yellowfin tuna crudo- ($14) chunks of avocado and thin sliced fennel were tossed in a dressing, topped with chunks of fish, and salty pistachios. All the flavors and textures combined perfectly.
- Raviolo- a single large ravioli stuffed with ricotta and served with a mushroom sauce. The flavors were delish and they brought us a few slices of bread to sop up the tasty sauce. For $11, I wish there would have been more than one.
- Roasted carrots- these were amazing, served over a pea puree. So fresh and delish.
I desperately wanted to order another cocktail and more things off the menu, but since we had plans to make a few more stops, we called it quits. Would definitely come back to this place!I was smart enough to pick this place for my birthday dinner. We had a group of 12 people and I don't think anyone had a less than wonderful experience. The food was phenomenal- fresh, light, unique and tasty! Our server was attentive and very helpful with recommendations. From the decor, to the cocktails and the ambiance- definitely 5 stars! One of my new faves in NOLA!My fiance and I had a date night here. Every dish was fantastic. We started with a tuna conserva that was a delightful burst of flavor and texture. Lightly cooked tuna with green beans, potatoes, heirloom tomatoes--all on top of a basil aioli neither of us could get enough of. As my entree, I had a seafood cioppino. The bread was thick and grilled and buttery and perfect for sipping in a lovely tomato broth. The seafood was good, though I don't know that it was the best I've had here in New Orleans. But very good (NOLA just sets the bar absurdly high)! My fiance had the lamb sausage pizza. It's an interesting combo of flavors, accompanied by red peppers, tzasiki, and pine nuts over some sort of white-brown sauce. He loved it!
Finally, we were tempted with a blueberry pie, topped with honey lavender ice cream. I consider myself a pie connoisseur, and this was one of the best slices of pie I've ever had. The crust. Y'all. The crust. To. Die. For. 
We are moving to NC soon and this dining experience legitimately made me regret our decision somewhat. 
My only real complaint: if you don't make a reservation, they sit you at the bar and the stools are possibly the most uncomfortable I've ever sat in. Seriously. My bum is not happy with me.Best restaurant in New Orleans. The charred okra dish with the yogurt is possibly my favorite dish in New Orleans. There's something about the arancini that gives me cravings. I think it's the chewy consistency of fried parmesan. The desserts are simple and just done right. I order everything when I go there and take leftovers home. 
It's consistent. It's not overpriced. I've gotten a bottle of Champagne for around $60 before. It's my favorite kind of restaurant. It's upscale but not fancy. It's comfortable and you won't leave still hungry. I come here ready to EAT. Blah, blah, blah I love this place.This place was recommended by the bartender in our hotel and we scored an amazing find. Although it is classified as Italian, the menu has plenty of amazing options. We ordered gnocchi and the hanger steak and this food could not be beat. I highly recommend itThis was an amazing meal! Every dish was fantastic. We had tuna crudo, arrancini, raviolo, pickles peach salad and the chicken entree. I haven't ordered chicken in a restaurant in over 10 years and i did on the advice of my server. It was phenomenal! 
Highly recommend.New restaurant for us to try and so glad we did!  Homemade pasta/ great pizza.  Interesting drinks
Topped off by yummy blueberry pie and homemade ice cream.  Don't miss this gem in the Marigny!Food was good but small menu, mainly brunch items. Some were large and others really small dishes for similar prices. The gazpacho was excellent but more of an appetizer. We ended up ordering huevos rancheros afterwards because we were still hungry. 
The place became packed right after we got there on a Sunday for lunch. Make reservations!I started to get hungry while exploring the Marigny one night, so I turned on my Yelp app & found this gem.  The reviews were great, so I decided to try it.  The inside was perfectly lit & nicely decorated, but the place was packed.  Luckily, I was able to sit at the bar.  I enjoyed the musical selection (the Sugarcubes!!!) & apparently one of the people cooking did, too, because she was dancing around as she prepared the food.  That made me smile.  
I ordered the Lamb Sausage Pizza, which was fantastic.  So flavorful, & by that I mean that I could taste the flavor of each individual topping/ingredient on the pizza.  Talk about your "taste sensation."  mmmmm  The lady next to me ordered the same thing & we sat in practical silence while grubbing down on our respective entrees, sharing grins & pointing to our delicious noms.
Prices aren't bad for what you get.  This seems like a great place to go out on a date.  I'll be back to sample more from the menu.Incredible experience all around. Outstanding food, cocktails, service. We sat at the chef's counter and had a really special dinner.This was the best meal I've had in a long while! We started with a round of cocktails--all interesting, tasty and very reasonably priced. Between the three of us, we split three appetizers: the grilled gulf shrimp with pork belly, tuna crudo with avocado and pistachio, and fried arancini stuffed with short rib ragu. I personally do not like tuna and usually find arancini dry and disappointing. Both of these dishes made me eat my words. The tuna basically melted in my mouth and the arancini, well it was stuffed with short rib ragu! I don't think anything more needs to be said about that. 
For our main course, we ordered the lamb sausage pizza with pine nuts and tzatziki, the house-made pappardelle with spicy pork sausage, and the duck confit agnolotti. Despite being stuffed after the first course, we ate every last bite. Again, these were not ingredients I would normally gravitate to, but everything was perfectly cooked, balanced and delicious. It's definitely a place where you can put your faith in the chefs and trust that whatever they've put together will be delicious and satisfying. Of course we forced ourselves to order dessert, and the little ice cream sandwiches with amarena cherries were the perfect last bite. Also, the space is beautiful--a large open kitchen, high ceilings, rustic furniture, relaxed atmosphere--you really can't go wrong here. This will be my first stop next time I'm in town!This place is a good find-seems like mostly locals, which always is good.
The best thing that we had was a pizza with butternut squash and ricotta. The surprising ingredient, however unknown to our waitress, was little bits of mozzarella.  That was unfortunate, because the menu didn't say that and that's why you order a ricotta pie. 
Otherwise, it's a little bit loud but the nice atmosphere if you can put up with the noise.Wow, the brunch here is... just amazing.  Definitely eat here.  Making a reservation is probably a good plan.A bit off fmFtenchmen st...around an empty lot is a glass door leading to a night of fresh eats and fine staff. 
My girlfriend and I were initially greeted "do you have a reservation ?" I get this place is hipster but how about "Welcome to Paladar 511"
Otherwise I love the open kitchen and the napkins are my favorite.The restaurant is cozy and pretty. We ordered about 18 items on the menu and everything was so delicious!My wife and I had low expectations due to the way too hipster crowd and location. We were completely wrong, Paladar totally delivers. We decided to order a huge variety of dishes and get a real idea of what Paladar is all about. Service was knowledgable and not hovering. Wine list is well thought out with some great European gems. The very open kitchen works with precision and speed. The cold station chef is brilliant, her salads and cold dishes are perfection. The carpaccio is divine. Also don't miss the bean soup, it's a serious challenger to the versions we've had in Tuscany. Chicken liver pate was more mousse than pate and was sublime and light. Pizza could've used a little more time in the oven and more crispness but tasted fantastic. Pappardelle was loaded with big flavor and not greasy at all, a simple and great dish. Rabbit dish was the only clunker due to excessive salt. We travel to New Orleans a lot and we will be eating at Paladar a lot. Great place.Have been 3 times for dinner in the past month. Very good on all fronts.  Pizzas excellent. Apps excellent. Pastas excellent. Very hip space.Love that we can enjoy light Italian or Mediterranean dishes as well as delicious pizza with the best ingredients at Paladar.  The cocktails are great too!  Great service, gorgeous interior, and fabulous food.  Some of our favorites were the lamb sausage and couscous, italian sausage pizza, red snapper crude.This was an unexpected surprise. Due to a flash flood, we were able to get in without a reservation and what a great place. We were looking for pizza and also ordered pasta and crab. Everyone was thrilled with their entrees as well as the asparagus appetizer. I had the pizza with lamb sausage with a Greek twist and it was a hit! Great wine list. Great ambiance and even better food.The food was totally delicious!  Fresh ingredients and such a great atmosphere.  They also have a superior wine list.  The ground lamb sausage on the pizza was simply divine.  Highly recommend and will be going back.Yes, the tuna crudo is terrific - wish there were a few more pistachios in the dish but overall it is a thoughtful, balanced, delicious dish. My friend's salad was huge and looked great. Three of us shared 2 pizzas - the brussels sprout pizza and the arugula with spicy tomato sauce. Both were great and light as a feather. The tomato sauce was delicious but not spicy at all. The ambiance reminded me of Tribeca in New York - high ceilings and a cool factory-like feel. I had a great cocktail - wish I could remember the name.... bourbon, egg white...sigh, oh well, it was THAT good. And the price for three people with tax and tip: $85.We stopped here for an early dinner before heading to the early show at snug harbor. The inside is so beautiful I couldn't stop commenting on it. They have done a really good job with the space from the  tiles and open kitchen and funky wooden shelves to the nice chairs and beautiful lighting. If you are looking to impress someone you could definitely take them here. They take reservations via the Resy app. 
Unfortunately my husband is lactose intolerant so we couldn't really eat most of their appetizers, but we really appreciated that our waitress knew what was in everything to tell us if he could eat it or not. For my meal I had the house-made lamb sausage pizza and I thought it was awesome. The flavors of the lamb with the tzatziki sauce and red peppers went together so well for a perfect bite every time. In fact it was so good I ate the whole thing because I didn't want to waste any. My husband got the gulf shrimp pasta which he enjoyed, but felt it needed to be a bit saucier, as the chorizo sauce was somewhat dry. To drink I had a nice glass of rioja but didn't try any of their special cocktails. 
All in all it was very good, and I'd like to come back with friends who can eat all the cheese with me.Excellent! Excellent!! Tuna crudo, pork chop, salad, pappardelle  w sausage. Entire staff is friendly & efficient. chefs are amazing! Definitely a great place for a meal, again & again.The ambience and the food was excellent and spot on!! We first got the naked and famous drink which was amazing. For starters we got the fried aranchini which I recommend and for entrees we split the house made lamb pizza which was to die for!! We will definitely be back to try more!!Was brought here by my friend living in the French Quarter. This was an amazingly beautiful birthday dinner to celebrate her life! 
The interior was breathtaking. The open kitchen was sooooooo cool!!!!! We got to see the intensity, the love, the focus and attention that all of our food received!! Bravo and kudos to the kitchen staff! It was an honor to watch them create. 
The good was spectacular. We ordered a lot...per usual. 
I got the gazpacho! Holy wow oh wow oh wow. It was so velvety smooth. Not a traditional gazpacho. The chunky components were spooned on afterwards in four separate corners. You could try them one at a time or mix them right in. It was cool. 
I ordered the asparagus pie with no cheese (I'm mostly vegan). They put a garlic confit down as my sauce base!!!!!!!!!!!! What?!?!?! It was delicious!!!!! 
The birthday girl ordered the housemade pasta dish. I tried a non-meaty noodle. It was delicious. 
There was a farm fresh egg pizza that the table moaned over. 
The beef carpaccio came with fried oysters!!!!! I had an oyster (mostly vegan). It was so big and very well seasoned. 
We had some kind of chocolate cake for dessert with a candle. Also delicious. 
It was a magical night of magical food and company. 
This place is a MUST go-to spot!!!!!!!!Had the huevos rancheros.... the best hangover cure ever. Incredibly delicious and really cool place. Great cocktails too.I've been to Paladar a few times now, always for dinner. It's an incredibly versatile place with a great dining experience to offer no matter your party or seating. I've been with a big group where we sat in the unique loft space. I've been on a date in the main dining area. I've just grabbed a quick bite and sat at the bar. They have both a drinks bar and food bar to choose from.
The pizzas never fail. They have a diverse selection with one to satisfy everyone. The margarita pizza is a solid choice too. My very favorite dish is the ravioli small plate. It's not a lot of food, but it's so tasty! The chicken is just as mouth-watering as the steak! Both come in a unique sauce. 
The cocktail menu is complex. I generally ask the bartender lots of questions before ordering, and have never felt like I was annoying anyone. I don't drink white wine, but I've enjoyed each red that I've tried. I've always taken Paladar's staff recommendations on wine, without fail.
Reservations are unpredictable in my experience so I would say it's always better to have one unless you don't mind sitting at the bar. Sometimes I've had no problem getting a table, other times they're jammed. Sunday nights are packed!Paladar 511 is one of my new favs!  They make amazing vegan pizzas (just ask for a vegan pizza and pick out some veggies elsewhere on the menu or just let them surprise you on the toppings - like we do!)  You can taste the freshness of their ingredients.  Plus, the wait staff are super helpful and friendly, and the ambiance is great too!Amazing food, but not too many choices. I'll recommend you to sit at the bar and have a free show of all the "drama" that goes into making every dish with all the chefs.Came in early for brunch on a Sunday. The place was packed, but we were able to get a table upstairs without waiting.
Ordered the Korean steak and eggs and the farm egg pizza. Both were great, but the Korean steak and eggs was one of the best dishes I've ever tasted. I'm definitely coming back to Paladar 511 for more.Great atmosphere and the wait staff was attentive without being pushy. We got the lamb sausage & the basic mozzarella pizza, both were delicious. The desert definitely stole the show though; we got the peaches n' cream which had grilled short cake, peaches and mascarpone and peach ice cream. I would've been happy with just a bowl of the mascarpone ice cream by itself it was so good. Definitely recommend!Small menu but everything done well. Pizza s are great. Great starters. Order dessert early, fresh daily and they run out. Highly recommended.Simply delicious. Great atmosphere, friendly staff and excellent food & drinks! Can't wait to go back.Amazing food and drinks. An interesting Mix of everything I love. The pizzas are to die for.Stopped in for dinner on a Monday night while staying in the Marigny area for dinner based on recommendation from a local resident. We were very glad that we did! Service was excellent and the food was delicious. We had appetizers and entrees, but didn't have room for dessert. The restaurant is definitely a hit with locals (and lucky tourists) so plan ahead if you can, but definitely try this place!