The scenery is good, but the service (at least the night I went (9pm)) was lacking. Two young ladies were bartending apparently in the absence of true bartending staff. If you do get the chance to order, you need to order by the bottle, because the two gals tending bar didn't come back to check on me and my date one time. Too bad the service is so lacking and unprofessional because the bar itself looks like a friendly place, the wait staff/bar staff is not. Another party next to us left after being ignored.Number one checklist for you to accomplish when you visit New Orleans
The dish is the most delicious food I have ever tried in New Orleans. not only the food but also the customer service is so sweet which cheer me upTuesday is Italian night.  We had spaghetti, pizza and  salmon.  Ask for Coral.  She is a delight.  Entire staff is very up beat.  Too bad we are only visiting.  Will have to try and return before we leave.I went on Thursday for the happy hour and tacos. I went early as I expected a business crowd and was surprised at the turn out. The staff was very attentive and delightful and informed me that the crowd is a later younger crowd. The waitresses are attractive and friendly as well. 
The tacos were VERY good, some of the best in town. They are small app size which allows you to taste the many different ones they have. Great mexican beer selection and cocktails. Poor wine menu but expected for the target consumer. They also have a steak night.Phillips is definitely one of the nicer places on Maple St.  When you go in, you feel as if you are in a high end place.  I have never been in here when it has been packed and it isn't packed with college kids like the other places.  There is a nice older crowd here and although the drinks are a little more expensive, it's worth it if you don't have to deal with a huge crowd.
Phillips also has pool tables and nice seating areas for groups, if you don't want to sit at the bar.  The lighting is dim and cozy and the music isn't super loud, so you can have a conversation.Left my phone at trivia night - Phillips Bar's staff were nice enough to save it for me and leave it in the mailbox so I could pick it up when they weren't open! Thanks guys! :)
Also the pizza is delicious. Especially the spicy Sicilian!!While visiting, my friend suggested a trip to Phillips for the $3 martini happy hour on Friday.  The martinis were excellent.  The bar had bacon strips as the bar snack, which was oddly great (perhaps it was the 5 martinis talking). Phillips was a wonderful change of pace from Bourbon St.  The customers were all mature-acting; it made for some great quality-people-watching instead of the usual omg-that-person-is-going-to-drunkenly-kill-themselves-people-watching.
My friend ordered the quesadillas, which he enjoyed.  There were pizzas coming out to other patrons and they looked delicious.What a great place to have a get together! The setting is also great. Big projection screen for football and great friends. What can you ask for more? Did I mention that the food there really hits the spot!I fell in love with Philip's about 4 years ago. I began going there for Happy Hour on Friday nights. So.Much.Fun. The Martinis are $4 and there are so many different ones to choose from. The bartenders work hard and don't leave you waiting to take your order. The place is nicely decorated and offers comfy couches to sit on, tables and chairs, or big bar chairs.
Throughout the past year, I started going to trivia night on Tuesdays. They have some good apps to choose from and the drink menu has had a makeover. There are more upscale drinks to choose from such as pimm's cup(which is delish) and some other drinks with fresh ingredients. The owner is very friendly and chats with the guests often. He makes sure everybody is happy. 
This is a great neighborhood place, despite the fact that is looks drab on the outside and is surrounded by cheesy college bars. 
In short, good drinks, good food, friendly staff, and fun people.Phillips bar is the older, more respectable neighbor of TJ Quills and Bruno's on Maple.  They actually ID for 21, and have a slightly more aged customer base because of it.  All the bartenders are hot girls, and they wear tight clothes for your viewing pleasure.  In the back there's a small bar in the red room, and that's a good place to sit and talk if it's not too loud.  Ask for Katie.I used to avoid Phillips and head to Bruno's on my weeknights, but Phillips has really drawn me in in the past few months.  They have great specials nearly every night of the week, my favorite being Thursday for taco night (deeeelicious tacos and cheap mexican beer!).  The vibe inside is upscale, with great seating.  The pool tables are a great addition.   Finally, my favorite part is the awesome patio in the back.  It's huge, and on a mild night the atmosphere can't be beat.
I would recommend trying out Phillips whether you've been before or not.  They're doing a great job!Fun atmosphere, with great cocktails and appetizers! They have the best hummus that I have ever eaten! It had a strong lemon flavor, and was served with pieces of garlic Naan (Indian flatbread that is not as dry and tasteless as pita bread). We were fighting each other over this stuff and had to have a second order! It was a total steal at $3.95!!
The happy hour cocktails were an extremely good deal at $5 as well. Good selection of drinks. Comfortable places to sit, chat, nibble, drink, and socialize. The music does get a bit loud at 8. The waitresses are very professional and get the job done. Can't wait to go back!Phillips is a surprisingly entertaining place. During my freshman and sophomore years of college, it always seemed so mysterious when I passed in order to make my way to Maple and Hilary. Now that I'm older, I went for happy hour a few weeks ago and had a lovely time. The martinis are almost disgustingly sweet, but that's why we love them right? And for the good price of $4, you can't really argue too much about them. They're sufficient to get your head a little spinny if that's your goal. It seems very suave on the inside. It wasn't terribly crowded and crazy when I went (because we went early for happy hour, of course), but it seems to get pretty hoppin' as the night progresses. I'm pretty sure I would go back if the opportunity presented itself.This was my first time to Phillips and it was a Thursday.  They have a special on Thursdays, $10 all you can eat tacos and $3 Mexican beers.  I had a great time.  The food was great and the staff was awesome.   They just kept brining us food.  I can't wait to go a again.I used to like Phillips a whole lot more before they remodeled/renovated!  It felt still a little posh, but with a little more laid back feeling.  Not it feels a little too faux uppity and stuff - can't quite explain!  But then again, that depends on what night of the week you come here.  
It's really much more aesthetically pleasing post-renovation - kind of sets Phillips apart from the other more divey bars of Maple Street.  The ladies and gentlemen here are usually a little dressier here, so if that's your kind of thing - bring it!The Ladies Nights on Thursdays is pretty awesome in that I drink my three free drinks and leave immediately (ha).  I've been here a couple of Fridays for unofficial Gay Night and it's probably my favorite night because there's far less college kids.  The $3 martinis on Friday? are also really delicious!
There's pool tables, jukebox (I believe!), and comfy little couches up against the walls . . . 
I just don't really like Phillips though!  It's primarily a young college crowd so I feel mostly out of place here.  It can feel borderline club-like on Thursdays with the throngs of ladies in their itty bitty wares and the sexually frustrated males who arrive in order to oogle.
Unless it's a specials night, I feel the drinks are kind of not that great and overpriced compared to other bars on Maple.
So yeah . . . definitely try NOT to come here, but every now and then, BAM - here I am . . .All I have to say is... ROB ROY!  These people can mix a mean Rob Roy, a descent Sidecar, and a smoking Jack Willie!  The bartendresses are beautiful, the crowd is fodora packin' and the vibe is upscale latin with a touch of hot sauce and a side of fries.  The place to go when you're having more than one.  Your head will be on a swivel... the place and crowd are hard to ignore (except for the occasional fatty in a short black dress and 'that guy' who seems to be in every bar).  All in all i give it 5 beans, 6 stars, 4 yellow moons, and 7 green clovers!I have only been on fridays, which my friends refer to as "gappy hour" because the 5 dollar martini special attracts a large crowd of gay guys.  but the place is good, and the drinks are great.   and the best part is, they give you free bacon when you order rounds of drinks.   bacon!  are you serious.  and it is really good bacon!Beautiful atmosphere, I love the way they remodeled this place. If you are over 21, you might consider somewhere else to hang out on a Thurs night.I threw my boyfriend a 40th birthday party at Phillip's, and I couldn't have been happier with the atmosphere, food, and especially the service delivered by Jason and his staff.  
They keep the tacos coming, were on top of making sure drinks were filled, etc.
The back courtyard is a beautiful oasis!
They do $6 all you can eat tacos and salsa on Thursday nights, and raw and char grilled oysters on Fridays.  
Definitely give them a shot!Great service! So friendly and great atmosphere, bar tenders are so friendly - so hospitable!! You have to come here! And mousse the dog is adorable!4stars for Thursday night, Ladies Night. Pretty hot waitstaff and bartenders!In the deluge that is Maple Street Phillip's is indeed a change of pace. Just because young people like to go out frequently doesn't mean they must be subject to the dive/cheap college bar scene. Living down the street, this was somewhat of my neighborhood bar. I frequented it because I loved the classy decor, but the publike friendliness given to regulars. It's like bars used to be, classy, but good hearted.
This is why Phillip's is such a welcome difference from what most would say is a get drunk with your frat brothers scene on Maple. This is where the college, young professional, and older crowd go to dress a little nicer when they go out. As well as maintain their dignity while under the influence, which I can't say is the atmosphere of other bars on Maple street. The decor is smooth and elegant, especially after a remodeling with what looks like a shale stone suspended bar and other accouterments. They have a few pool tables in the corner near some low couches, beautiful elegant booths immediately to your left when you walk in, and an excellent jukebox with modern hits all the way to 80s and early 90s staples and Aretha Franklin. There are plenty of tables, but this doesn't mean the place doesn't get crowded. They have a famous Lady's Night on Thursday, with I think cheap $3 Martinis for the girls. I'm not sure which night but there is also a pizza and pasta buffet. This is a good place to order an excellent Martini or a good liquor drink. 
Friday nights are also the unofficial (according to friends) gay night. Not necessarily a gay bar, because there are many straight hetero males and females, but more gay friendly. It's not brash or in your face. Also Phillip's has hands down the most beautiful barkeeps in the city. How beautiful you might ask? So beautiful that they released a calendar about 2-3 years ago. A free calendar that me and many others got autographed by the vixens in person. Phillips is great after work place if you're business class or a good place to dress up and get cocktails before you head to a nice club. It's maintained it's classiness over the years despite the college scene on Maple Street, yet has the heart of a friendly pub.Good spot.  Great Patio.  Expensive drinks and my Grey Goose tasted like well vodka. Weird hours, seem to be closed a lot.Like many reviewers have already stated: excellent happy hour! Who doesn't like a colorful fruity cocktail? I've been here a handful of times, all on Fridays around the 5 o'clock hour, before the rush, so it's been a breeze to find a seat and get service from one of the hot waitresses. I've never stayed long enough to see the place get packed but I hear it's a festive crowd. All in all, definitely worth your time to check it out.If you had told me two years ago (when I was living in New York, having grown up in New Orleans) that one of my favorite bars would be a converted "tavern" on Maple Street, a Tulane stronghold, with cocktail waitresses in short dresses serving appletinis -- I'd have said you were crazy.  But Phillips is sort of crazy. From the outside it looks like a typical neighborhood bar, but it's all loungy and glam on the inside. Not up-to-the-moment glam a la some Meatpacking District club, but that's OK.  It's comfortable, upscale, and feels like a more... civilized experience than your typical Maple bar, even than most Uptown bars period.
But here's what I really love about Phillips:
1) The prices are reasonable.  I've only gone for Friday (gay and gay-friendly) happy hour, and martinis of all stripes are only $5, and they pack a punch.
2) The music is good.  A good mix of new stuff and old favorites.
3) The staff is super sweet and nice, sans attitude.  This is despite the fact that it can get very crowded. While it's sometimes hard to get a bartender's attention, they're always super nice.  Love those ladies.
4) At least on Friday, there's always a diverse crowd of folks from all over the city.  It's really one of my favorite happy hours in New Orleans.
5) It's clean, well-staffed and well-run.  Whoever is managing this place has a good thing and gets it.  
Yay, Phillips.We always have fun. Great place for cocktails with friends. Wonderful happy hour.Beautifully updated Uptown bar with an amazing courtyard out back!  
I love going to Phillips on Thursday nights for their "All You Can Eat" tacos, chips, and salsa!  You pay $6 at the door and receive and armband for your tacos.  The tacos are grilled out back, and they keep them continuously coming.  Last visit, they had beef, pork, fish, and shrimp!  The salsas are homemade and delicious.  I do wish they'd step up their chip game, because the salsa is crying when I have to use the crappy chips to scoop up their deliciousness.
The drinks are priced o.k. with 2 for 1 Mexican ($4) beers, and $6 pints of margaritas.
The reason I have to deduct two stars is because it was INSANELY LOUD inside the bar.  They had music blaring!  I could understand if it was Friday at 10 pm, but it was Thursday night at 7 pm...a night when people are obviously coming there to eat. Not to mention that the clientele at that time isn't a bunch of college kids.  It's mostly professionals in their 30s.  There were four of us and we seriously had to scream to hear each other. I asked the waitress if it could be turned down, and she flat our said no.  I then asked the bartender, and he said he'd ask, but he knew the answer would be no.  Wow.  That's pretty terrible customer service  I'm not sure why they would take such a firm stand against lowering the music some and trying to create an atmosphere where people could conversate.  It was really upsetting because like I said, the tacos were so good, and the atmosphere is really pretty.  It's a classy bar that's really making itself unclassy with the blaring music at 7 pm.
I'll definitely return for the amazing taco deal, but I'll wait until the weather is warmer so we can sit out back in the pretty courtyard and not have to be inside at all.
I would love to see them install a bike rack.Loved what they have done with this place! The decor is outstanding! Drinks are cheap and packs a big punch! 
Likes: 
Decor, You wouldn't think this place sits on the corner of Maple and Cherokee. It's like walking into a whole different world. 
Cheap drinks.
Atmosphere 
Hot bartenders.
Dislikes:
Wish they had a cocktail menu and more extensive food menu. The place does say restaurant, but lacks food.Great drinks.  Free bacon.  Need I say more?
Well, if I haven't sold you yet, Gay Happy Hour is fucking awesome here.  Worth a trip or several.This bar has certainly tried to modernize and reinvent itself, including everything from its interior furnishings to its bartenders to its customer base.  In my short time as a Yelp member and contributor, it's most likely come as no surprise to my readers that I like to weave my reviews through intricate stories.  I believe that in that manner, one can obtain a stronger connection with my experience.  This review will be no exception.  Enjoy the tale of "Preternatural at Phillips!"
I had visited this bar several times over the course of the previous (6) years.  In my earlier experiences, the bar was a classic watering hole for college students.  It wasn't very clean or welcoming, the background music was overpowering, seating was strangely situated and consisted of very strange patterns and materials (cow print chairs??) and the drinks were cheap.  Even when I lived in Uptown, I never made a trip specifically to hang out here.  Unless I was in the area already (Jamila's or Maple Street Café), I just never ended up in this joint.  However, in this tale, my journey into the night DID end here.
A few weeks back, I was out with some friends enjoying some drinks.  We were playing pool in the most gangly, drunken stupor one could ever imagine in the rear of Monkey Hill.  Someone cried out that they wanted to split the joint and check out Phillip's Bar.  Apparently, I didn't object too strongly because I ended up there after a short time. 
First, the music selection nor the decibel level had not changed from my last visit.  However, everything else did.  The interior almost reminded me of Le Phare on Gravier St., with couches situated along the outer walls, complete with a table and single candle burning in the center.  The narrow support pillars were adorned with what appeared to be mirrored tiles, reconditioned stained wood slates over the walls and various potted plants.  
The joint was very busy for it being a Thursday night and it was barely 9 PM!  There seemed to be an overabundance of men in the bar but we'll get to that later.  Our small group made our way around and sat on the other side of the bar.  The entire bar, itself, had been redone in frosted glass (acrylic plexiglass??) with colored lights flashing from within.  
Seated at the bar, we put an order in for drinks but I kept it simple with Jack & Coke.  Mine arrived cheap but strong.  The last time I had been in here was 2-3 years ago, before the remodeling had been done.  They even upgraded the bar staff to good looking women, although I think their outfits were a bit TOO revealing.  Yeah, I'm a guy and I said it.  I know, their job is to sell drinks but even so, I don't need a set of breasts with every single order....or do I?  I'll have to think about that.  Either way, the drinks made behind the bar by the shuffling, large breasted and literally falling-out-of-their-tops bartenders were very good.
So, what's the bad portion of this story?  Well, after a short period sitting at the bar, we all began to detect an incredibly foul stench.  The trouble was, it wasn't exactly constant so it's origins were difficult to locate.  It seemed to permeate the entire bar area in waves, which had us all reeling from the noxious malodor!  It either seemed to be getting stronger or we were being weakened by its utterly unholy powers.  Finally, we found out that we were sitting just across from the restrooms.  The 'waves of black death' originated from the bathroom doors that swung open and closed as customers entered and exited.  Ugh, the stench was so horrible, it was like raw sewer!  Someone MUST have died in there or at the very least, required stitches for their most recent "evacuation".
We moved to the other side of the bar and as I was drinking, men continued to tap me on the shoulder to strike up conversations.  Odd that this has never really happened to me before.  Why would all these guys be interested in what I was doing??  I must have been in too much of a drunken fog to take notice of the immense amount of men in the bar that evening.  The guy to the right of me got up and left and another seated in his place.  Minutes later, he tapped me on the shoulder and began asking me questions.  Finally, he comes out with it: "are you gay?"  "No, I'm not.  Am I supposed to be?"  He didn't reply but simply got up and left, too.  Then, I looked around at the bar again and noticed all the men again, in their tight fitting attire, orange skin, slicked hair and huge smiles.  I think we arrived on gay night??  My friends were all getting chatted up, too and looking at me with this look of "Help!  What's going on here?!".  Nicely, we vacated the premises.  Not sure if Phillips is always like this but we were bombarded with men the entire time we were there, which was annoying and strange.  Also, whatever creature is producing the stench in the adjacent restroom MUST be destroyed!  It took me countless drinks to get over it all!This is a fun place if you can find it! I went there with my daughter and her friends after they worked out at Tulane. We ate at the bar. I think most had the quesadillas, which I tried. It was great! I had the fish tacos and they were perfectly crunchy. The service was great. We were in a hurry so that's all we had, but I'd go back.Looking for Authentic Maple St. uptown bar? I found Philllips to be a great blend of collegiate crowd and uptown folk.Wow...went here for Mardi Gras.....
Warning....if you are trying to go here for Mardi Gras...be fore warned...OVERPOPULATED..it will take you 2 hours to walk 1 block.....the bar was awesome though....cool place to drink...lots of women.One night I plopped in a car with 3 guys and was told we are going uptown to find some more respectable men. After about a 10 minute drive from the Quarter, we ended up in this cute neighborhood. There was parking on the street, no problem. 
We then enter Phillip's which I had assumed was a gay bar,  and I guess it is but there is also a heavy mix of straightys here too, so it is kind of hard to tell. Place was really packed. 
I had some really fancy cocktails mixed well and tasted great. Then I stood around watching people play billiards and my friends get hit on right and left. Nice! 
I wouldn't say I would come here for the ambiance, it is really nice but it isn't anything unique from any other bar/lounge I have been to in L.A.. I would come again on a night where we wanted to 'keep it classy'Phillips is my go to Thursday night (Taco Night, hell yea!) slash any night fun bar! My friends and I love coming here to hang out and get a drink, and the whole staff is so friendly and awesome! Plus, bonus, there's a really cute dog named Moose that hangs around and is welcome to lots of hugs and kisses from any and all dog lovers in the house. Definitely stop by when you're in the area, you won't be disappointed!4/5 it's finally friday night and it feels alright!
so about that friday night HH life. they are sweet and dangerous, and i also like that they'll come around and offer finger foods. i think dj's are starting up residencies and the music was cool. overall the ambiance is a nice pick up from the usual nola experience, so it's a nice wind-down from the office before dinner and more drinking!As one of the people that went to the FIRST Phillips Friday happy hour after they remodeled, let me just say, I really miss this place. One of the nicest, comfiest uptown bars for sure, altho in my opinion they are little enthusiastic with the air conditioning.
The best thing about Phillips: free stuff. The first time we went, waaay back in fall of  of '07, there was NO ONE there, so they gave us a bottle of champagne for showing up. Since then, the bar has gotten way more popular, especially on Thurs. ladies nights and Friday happy hour, but their generous attitude is unchanged.
The bar bacon, ah the bar bacon. Who would put their fingers into a communal nut dish when you can just grab your own slice of crispy, not-too-greasy seasoned bacon? Phillips also promotes their menu by having the cocktail waitresses walk around with bite-size squares of their delicious pizza...beware tho, if you order the food does take a while to get to you.
the $3 martini happy hour is habit forming. In season they also tend to have $3 watermelon mojitos- to die for!!! Sadly, the quality of the martinis varies GREATLY depending on the bartender, but they're never bad. Still the girls are always super nice and efficient, and will also put out platters of seasonal fruit (read: watermelon, strawberries) on the bar to promote whatever fruity cocktail is the special. What more can you ask for?Wow. A far cry from the Boot or Bruno's, this place is awesome. I've gone twice this week, and it's likely I'll finish the week out there. I've been going with my friends, and we went for Italian night, to our surprise. We thought we were going to just order bar food and drinks, but when they brought out the Italian menu, we figured we'd go foe it. A measly $20 will get you a salad, a large pasta portion, a desert, and an Italian wine, port, or beer selection. Our meal was nothing short of phenomenal, and afterwards we ordered a round of drinks. Later, when we got our bill, we were shocked to only have a tab of $100. He forgot our drinks! We went to let him know, but he said he felt like we waited too long for service, so the entire round was on the house! Wow!
Great atmosphere, great service, great food, what else is needed?This is the best place in the universe.  Since I moved away from New Orleans I have not found its equal.  Guys keep up the great work!If you haven't been to either their Thursday ladies night or Fridays happy hour you have not discovered the true jewel of Maple St! It's probably one of the most comfortable bars I've been to in New Orleans, even though the decor might seem a bit posh and intimidating at first, Phillips welcomes everyone...and I truly mean EVERYONE! Can you really go wrong with a place that has a selection of 15 different flavored martinis ($3 ON FRIDAY HAPPY HOUR!!) and bar-bacon? yes...bar bacon, beats cashews any day (which they also offer) so they even take care of your empty stomach so you don't end up a lush or dry-heaving...if you happen to be there on their better days sometimes they'll even make pizza and the waitresses will hand the slices out like free canapes, and trust me when I say Phillips pizza is finger-licking delicious.....Heaven?? I think so! 
The juke box is brilliant and not that this matters much, but the waitresses and bartenders are some of the coolest chicks you'll meet, and they always look super hot in their black attires! Trust me, check it out next weekend...you can thank me laterRun far away from this bar.
The problem is a barfly that has sort of taken over his corner of the bar and claimed Phillips as his personal living room.  He's loud and obnoxious and nobody working in the bar wants to manage him 'cause he comes in and spends money "every day".
We had stopped into the bar before but really never hung out there 'til tonight.  It looked promising at first, in particular because we live in the neighborhood and would looking for a new place to watch Saints games.  It will f'r sure be some other bar for that.
We won't be back to this bar ... ever.  Not only that, I will be warning friends about it.  It was such a distasteful experience, that the evening with this boor is the kind of anecdote that you'll drop into casual conversation with friends.
I like hanging out in bars and, generally, I'm not only tolerant but kind of like their quirks.  This was different.  It's one of the few bars that I will actively avoid.This place is to a lounge what a bourbon street drag queen is to a girl. A little bit off, but very friendly and way more interested in you.
Yeahs
- Have been here a couple times and though a bit posh looking on the inside, no one there is gonna scoff at you for wanting the rail vodka.
- Hot waitresses. Even the girls I was with were appreciative. They must catch a lot of fish with those stockings.
- Gets good and danc-y at night.
- Two pool tables if that's your scene.
- Seating!
- Great ladies night special. Doesn't help me directly, but I appreciate the company.
- Well stocked jukebox...
Mehs
- ...but there is always a hidden dj
- can get crowded late at night.
- I bumped into a girl wearing a feather boa and man, was she pissed.The best happy hour on friday!!!  $4.00 martinis until 8. Really cool music. I know where I'll be on Friday nights!Staff was very gracious, hospitable and just relaxed enough. We were a large party and we were all pleased. The steaks, though done just a snitch or two past med-rare, were very tender with excellent beefy flavor. All of the sides: spinach, mac n cheese, smashed herbed potatoes were presented nicely and all were scrumptious. Not one of gave a hoot about having quinoa so no comment here. The accompanying wine was pleasant enough but I don't usually go for Malbec and it was more than adequate. Overall, it was an overall good dining experience.I've been coming to this place since the 90s and let me say its ten million times better. I don't get tired of coming here. Good service, great ambiance, espectacular-looking bartenders and the food is why I keep coming these days.The interior decor is gorgeous. The restrooms are not. The bartender I encountered came across arrogant and rude to me. Not much reason to go here again.This bar has the best staff and amazing drinks! Between Steak Night Wednesdays and Taco Thursdays, I spend most of my week here. 
There is an awesome indoor bar area and cool outdoor patio with pretty strong lights. The food is always great. 
Would highly recommend for a casual night out!!Phillips has a refreshing atmosphere that's different from other Uptown bars--it's classy and possesses a friendly neighborhood charm. Tuesday trivia nights are always really fun, and you have to order a pitcher of their mojitos. The berry ones are amazing! Also, you can't beat $4 Friday happy hour martinis. Love this place!!Lexi is a cocktail goddess. Not only is this bar incredibly well decorated, it also has a well-curated and delicious cocktail menu that the gorgeous bartender makes perfectly with ease. Philips is an unexpectedly awesome uptown spot and bartenders like Lexi make it amazing!Jackpot! Ladies night on Thursday= 3 free drinks to get your evening started :)
Friday night happy hour:The Sweet Tea martini's are delicious. A bunch of choices to choose from. All result in you feeling a great buzz. 
 I'm growing out of the college scene so I didn't feel out of place visiting a bar so close to TU/Loyno.  Plenty of grown ups but not stuffy or pretentious at all. 
Oh yeah, the bacon (yes, bacon) strips they give out are a score too.Let me preface this review by saying that I am not a New Orleans native. So, when I first arrived here, it was a shell shock of bars, dives, clubs, venues, and the like. Back home, I considered all of the aforementioned spots to be one and the same. Phillips, then, is a neighborhood bar through and through.  I spend quite a few nights there regularly, and when I describe it to friends back home, the first words out of my mouth are, "swanky as hell." Go figure, a classy, well maintained and friendly bar so close to a college campus. While welcoming to the college crowd, Phillips doesn't limit itself like some of the other bars on Maple.  You could easily bring a date here and find yourself a private lounge table to occupy, or you could post up at the bar with a group (if only to chat up the smokin' lady bartenders). Whether you're a fan of the $4 martinis during "gappy hour" (probably the passion fruit or the blu kiwi), or you keep it straight with a Jack and Coke, Phillips will serve it up right. Not to mention the home made buttermilk chicken tenders are ridiculously delicious.This used to be just a basic cool college bar.  Now it seems to rotate between being a gay bar, a lesbian bar, and whatever else bar.  I liked it when this joint was just a plain bar and I don't have the patience or inclination to discover what rotating night of the week which sexual orientation will be spinning through.  They have remodeled and attempted to reinvent themselves but I've got no desire to play the sexual orientation roulette wheel that this place has become and neither gay or lesbian bars interest me so I will just stick with plain ole regular bars.A couple from bible study invited us out to this place because they new the owners, and they were having a deal called Steak Night on Wednesdays. For $19.95, we got a 7 oz filet mignon, two sides, and a glass of wine. I'm somewhat picky about grilled steak and quick to point out when the chef doesn't get medium rare right, and I am happy to say that this gentleman nailed it. The one owner, whose name I believe is Jason, was gracious enough to give us a round of jelly shots. The rest of the wait staff is pleasant and attentive, if not a little nervous. Phillip's just opened, so I imagine that some of the staffers are a bit inexperienced, but if they keep this up they should get in to the swing pretty quickly. 
The outside dining patio is great, but the only drawback is the cacophany of frogs and cicadas that make conversation a little difficult at night. The bar has a nice ambiance and layout, and at this point in my NOLA experience will probably be the go to place for a night of drinks and merriment.The first thought to enter my head when I entered Phillips was "Who Knew...?"
After dinner, some friends of mine invited me to come uptown to one of the neighborhood bars. I was expecting the regular dive-esq bars you always see in neighborhoods.
The exterior of the building lead me to believe that nothing was out of the ordinary. I figured I'd find a few locals perched on bar stools with a few tables for us to sit at while we ordered beer and whiskey shots.
Then... I opened the door. Huh? Who knew?!?
Phillips is pretty nice and swanky on the inside. Couches and pillows for those who want them. A nice, full bar. Dim, romantic lighting with small candles on the tables along with a menu for bottles of alcohol.
I first opted for the Watermelon Mojito which was on special at $5. The mint wasn't too crushed and there were actual hunks of watermelon in the mojito. Pretty good.
Later, a friend suggested that we order a bottle of champagne. One glass being $10 and one of the cheaper bottles being $25, it just made sense for us to buy a bottle and split the price. By the end of the night we had purchased two. Needless to say, we had a BLAST.
There were quite a bit of people in there, but comfortable. The bar never got overly crowded, which I like. There was some good music playing, though a little too loudly.
If pool is your game, then you will be excited to find 2 nice pool tables available for use, and even a few video poker machine.
I hear there was a restaurant in the back, but I never did make it that far.
This is one of those little known gems. A local uptown bar, with a sexy trendy vibe to it. I will definitely be back.All I can is wow! This has to be one of the most racist bars I've ever been to. The Platinum blonde bartender is beyond rude and disrespectful to minorities(African Americans). She refused to serve me several times. I asked her once more and she replied "I don't have to serve you and I don't have to give you a reason, my bar my rules." It felt like like I was in the 1920's.Hello 23, its me Faith. Ah yes, Phillips...home of the classier nights spent on Maple street. Fridays are gay happy hour to clear up any confusion. Not sure if that declares it a gay bar since they only cater to that specific clientele one night a week. It's definitely a mixed crowd here, but  think that is because they welcoming to all. Either way you swing it, gay happy hour is the shit. I love everyone and I love $4 martinis. Thursday is ladies night (3 free drink tickets). They have a few couch areas that you need to get early for or be ready to pounce when you see another group leaving. Clean bathrooms, score!Awesome corner bar off of St. Charles. The bartenders (all girls) are amazing and defiantly easy on the eyes! They have an outside patio which is a nice setup and pretty big. If you go here wanting to eat which is only certain nights and it's steak dinners which are excellent. Also they have random crawfish boils and again you won't be disappointed!! Defiantly a place to check out and that you will enjoy!Phillips is an interesting place. Despite spending a large portion of my formative years on and around Maple, I had never been here. A buddy from work was always telling me how much he enjoyed this bar so we decided to give it a try.
Apparently my buddy's memory of the bar is significantly different than what the bar has become. According to him it was a more upscale version of a college bar. I agree that it is more upscale, but the night we went did not seem like a typical college bar.
Over the years Phillips may have become a gay and lesbian bar. This realization came to me when I realized the girls next to me were making out and that a large majority of the customers were gay men. Since we like to consider ourselves open minded people, we sat there an enjoyed our drinks. No one bothered us, and the staff were very friendly.
Would I go back? Maybe. The place is nice inside, but if I am on Maple, I prefer the more classy establishments like TJ Quill's.Having visited all other bars on Maple Street, Phillips was quite a nice surprise.
This is a place to have cocktails, not cheap draft beers.  The pizzas are also delicious.  Bartenders are cute, and the (somewhat out of place) pool tables really nice.  Can't wait to be 21 and not have to worry about the hassle of not being able to buy at the bar.Did a quick trip to NOLA and stayed in the Garden District.  On an afternoon run, I spotted this place - it looked interesting.  It was not far from my hotel, and decided to give it a go.
Great Drinks, simple menu (pizza's good), uncomplicated and a really friendly crowd - made for a most pleasant experience.  This is not "high cuisine", but solidly GOOD.Tonight was my first time visiting Phillips. It was a pleasant surprise. I truly liked the atmosphere. The set up was cute and comfy. It's a great scene for a group of friends. Decent drinks, pretty nice watermelon mojito I tried. This bar also has pool tables.
I definitely recommend checking this place out, if you looking for a different atmosphere when you are in the uptown area.I hated this place. I hate MOST of you Yelpers that exclaimed that it was Lady's night on Thursday? You're so full of shit. 
10 dollars for a fucking Gin and Soda... I know, I know I ordered Hendrick's, fuck off though. 
It's uptown right near Tulane. I know that most of the college students will vouch that 10 dollars is a lot and probably won't tip on top of that, but Jesus Christ. I understand the bartenders and waitresses were really hot, okay? That's fine-- I like staring, (This is why I give two stars) but god, having to hear a story about going to the gym and shopping made me remember why I left Miami, and I hate conversations that don't start with "When I was fisted..." Just get to the point.
If you're into divey, dingy, and dirty; then this place will make you barf all over the place.cool uptown bar, for a personal experience seating at the bar for a more group like experience theres booths and tables... great drinks and food  friendly staff, a more mature and professional crowd.. tues wine night half price bottles of wine, thurs ladies night gets kinda crowded a more clubby atmosphere, friday happy hour is allways fun.. would def recommend this bar to anyone looking to go out and get a great experienceAbsolutely hated this place! Very rude and not friendly at all. My wife and I went here for all you can eat tacos and had no clue they had a cover to pay, which is cool but was told it had to be cash. Another couple came in and the same guy told them they could put it on their tab. Now on the tacos, we were told we couldn't modify any of the tacos because they "Just Make Them" and bring them out but we were never told this before paying our money. We don't eat pork and my wife has a food allergy with avocados so when we asked what was on the tacos we got hit with a rude comment and attitude.
This is from my wife's review:
 I wish there was a way to give this place NEGATIVE stars. Pi** poor service and too many rules for something I'm paying for. So, my husband and I dropped into this place this past Thursday night. Our attempt was to give taco night a try. So based on the website, a lot went downhill off the bat. Cover is NOT $6 as it says on the site...it's actually $10. No one informed us we could've paid the cover on a tab we started instead of rummaging through our pockets and purse looking for scarce cash like homeless people. Bartender then tells us the drink specials (which partially didn't match their site) and the bare basics of the taco special.
When I asked about the contents of the tacos, I was met with irritation. She was annoyed that I was asking. She couldn't tell me about the slaw that apparently comes on EVERY taco. She then proceeded to ask me, "what are you trying to figure out?!?" I said excuse me??? I proceeded to tell her about food allergies and dietary restrictions (like the fact I don't eat pork and haven't for about 6 years) and OVERALL INTEREST BECAUSE I'M PAYING FOR THE DOGGONE TACOS SO I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW!!!! Then, she says "Well I'll try to make sure things come out according to your specifications because we premake them and just serve them." I DON'T CARE! 
THEN...we finished the first batch which was a beef and a chicken. They were decent. She brings out the next (of the exact same thing despite their being 5 varieties) and my husband asks if his next round could be both chicken instead....ANOTHER employee CUTS him off and tells the bartender "nip this in the bud because we don't' even do special orders". I then said, please close us out and give me my tab please. I was told there was no need to close out and she tried to explain, I told her "honey I don't care, the manner in which this is happening is unacceptable, close me out now please". 
Needless, to say I will NEVER be returning...lackluster service and overall lack of concern for us being there and below average tacos doesn't exactly make me wanna gas up my vehicle and hurry over there. I'm good. They've gotten their last $29.00 from me.
P.S. I've been telling everyone I know and don't know how terrible this place is from the moment I walked out of the door.Just got off a long flight, looking for a good place to eat around town. Came across taco Thursday and was excited to check it out! It says they're open until 1 am so I figured we'd have plenty of time to eat. We walk in at 10 pm only to be greeted by a rude blonde bartender who ID'd us, then proceeded to tell us that she was closing up and suggested that we get our food to-go. When there were still guests sitting on the patio... we won't be back.I usually like this place a lot, but my experience last night has changed my mind. My cocktail was clearly watered down. The bartender combined my tab with my friends as requested, but I was also charged! There was some kind of craziness going on in the kitchen as well. We had an issue with our food, was told it would be comped, and we were still charged for it. It wasn't crowded, so I don't understand how all of these things were an issue. 
And don't even get me started in the ladie's room! The Toilets rock, are askew, one overflows, paper sits on top of big dispenser, missing tiles everywhere, doors don't lock. 
Please get it together, Philip's!I've been out to Phillips a number of times with nary a disappointing visit. In particular, a surprise birthday party was thrown for me here, and it was fabulous.
Product: Mainly a bar, but on Thursdays there's tacos. The drinks are decent and not over-priced, but the tacos are awesome. They make them (minus the tortillas) from scratch in the back yard. (4 stars)
Service: I'd say it's been so-so to my recollection, but they *did* cater my birthday with tacos, and we were never hungry or waiting long. I find going to the drink or backyard taco bars superior to waiting on staff to bring you items, though. (3 stars)
Facilities: This is a nicely refurbished corner lot building. The inside is slick looking, and the backyard is a nice addition. Even when it's busy, you shouldn't have a problem finding a seat if you're looking to set yourself down for a spell. I do find the music inside to be insanely loud, and the one time we asked a waitress to turn it down, nothing was done. I find the inside to be chilly like a meat locker. I, obviously, prefer the back yard, assuming it isn't frigid outside or raining. (4 stars)
Overall: It's a great place. I'd've given it 5 stars if the service was a bit better. You should definitely check this place out when you have the chance. (4 stars)My friends and I wanted to have some drinks on Saturday night. We are all black. But the security requested to see our ID, which was fine.
Then the security started to comment on the dress code. One pointed at my friend's shoes and trousers, saying he is too casual to get in the bar. We didn't see any dress code at the entrance of in Phillip's. But our dress code was similar to most of the white guests in the bar. Everyone was casual. We thought this was completely RACIST. We asked to talk to the manager. One employee agreed to call the manager, but the other was too dodgy and afraid to call the manager. He claimed he had the right to deal with ALL issues and he said we could make a complaint. We wanted info l  to make some complaints. He said he didn't have any forms. There was absolutely NO COMMUNICATION beyond that. What's up Phillip's?i like this place. a lot.
tuesday night trivia? YES PLEASE! That is nerd cred right there. they have $4 martinis from 4-8, and they have some great appetizers.
we order the chicken tenders.
their fries are.. phenomenal. i forget what Jason said they use to cook them, but it was outstanding.
we also had the chicken/pesto pizza and it was also equally delicious. the chips and spinach/artichoke dip is great as well.
i like the ambiance of this place, because it is chill. it's quiet, nice seating, and besides trivia, the drinks are alright.
i'll be there. every tuesday.Not a big fan of the late night bar staff or the cocktails, took a while to get a drink and the bartender was not approachable. Did think the interior was super pretty.Horrible service 26 min to get a drink both bartenders passed by us a group of 5 more than twiceThis place is amazing, Taco Thursday is amazing, as a student I appreciate the discount, I mean $6 for  all you can eat tacos! Come on guys that's pretty cool.Ahhhhh... Let's take a trip down memory lane. I have been frequenting Phillip's for 10 years! My sister has bar-tended here on and off for a better part of that time. This is truly a family of staff and patrons. My sister had her engagement party here. I took a picture with Anderson Cooper here. I also met Ricky Williams here. I won $100 bucks on the video poker machine once. I also have probably lost a few hundred.  I have seen it transform its look slightly over the past decade but at the end of the day Phillips truly is your neighbor hood bar. Stiff drinks.Great theme nights and happy hours. Friendly (scantily clad) bartenders. Jukebox with A LOT of Classic New Orleans hip hop and frat boy favorites. And of course the owners Jason and Joseph, they always greet me with a shot and a hug. 
PLEASE, check out Phillip's. YOU will go back again and again.I wish there was a way to give this place NEGATIVE stars. Pi** poor service and too many rules for something I'm paying for. So, my husband and I dropped into this place this past Thursday night. Our attempt was to give taco night a try. So based on the website, a lot went downhill off the bat. Cover is NOT $6 as it says on the site...it's actually $10. No one informed us we could've paid the cover on a tab we started instead of rummaging through our pockets and purse looking for scarce cash like homeless people. Bartender then tells us the drink specials (which partially didn't match their site) and the bare basics of the taco special.
When I asked about the contents of the tacos, I was met with irritation. She was annoyed that I was asking. She couldn't tell me about the slaw that apparently comes on EVERY taco. She then proceeded to ask me, "what are you trying to figure out?!?" I said excuse me??? I proceeded to tell her about food allergies and dietary restrictions (like the fact I don't eat pork and haven't for about 6 years) and OVERALL INTEREST BECAUSE I'M PAYING FOR THE DOGGONE TACOS SO I HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW!!!! Then, she says "Well I'll try to make sure things come out according to your specifications because we premake them and just serve them." I DON'T CARE! 
THEN...we finished the first batch which was a beef and a chicken. They were decent. She brings out the next (of the exact same thing despite their being 5 varieties) and my husband asks if his next round could be both chicken instead....ANOTHER employee CUTS him off and tells the bartender "nip this in the bud because we don't' even do special orders". I then said, please close us out and give me my tab please. I was told there was no need to close out and she tried to explain, I told her "honey I don't care, the manner in which this is happening is unacceptable, close me out now please". 
Needless, to say I will NEVER be returning...lackluster service and overall lack of concern for us being there and below average tacos doesn't exactly make me wanna gas up my vehicle and hurry over there. I'm good. They've gotten their last $29.00 from me.
P.S. I've been telling everyone I know and don't know how terrible this place is from the moment I walked out of the door.The Happy Hour on Fridays is legendary with strong, cheap, and delicious $3 Martinez! I'm a lightweight so they are dangerous! Went on Wednesday night (day before thanksgiving) and it started off quiet and picked up as the night went on! The French fries were amazing with real Parmesan cheese! Yummy! Plus the bartender, Jennifer, snagged some bacon for us! Love this place! Reminds me of places in L.A. With comfy and big bars tools, red pool tables, comfy couches, and the back room!  I miss living near this joint!I randomly came across this place with a few friends of mine when we were bar hopping uptown because downtown was impossible to get to that night. 
This place is surprsingly nice. They had 2 pool tables on the side of the room and modernize couches on the side of the whole room. There were a few tables in the center too. 
Who knew they had food there! their flatbread is great! We ordered the Prosciutto & Pear flat bread and the Texan flatbread. the texan flat bread had garlic spread with roasted red onions, corn, smoked gouda, and bbq chicken. They also have some tapas dishes and pasta dishes. Drinks here aren't bad either with special cocktails of the night.Nina is my favorite bartender. Such a sweetheart, super personable, and always on that drink order like white on rice!
We've only ever been for their taco Thursday special where it's $8 for all you can each tacos for students ($10 normally). You really don't get an option on what they bring you (but you can ask nicely if there is a certain one you want), but the options include grilled tortillas that can be topped with shredded pork & slaw, grilled shrimp and slaw, Spanish rice and black beans, and grilled shredded chicken. Oh! And their man n'cheese taco is actually the bomb... Whoulda thunk it?! When the weather is nice they have a super cute patio out back that you can order drinks at, or at the bar inside, and they have a couple little nooks indoors with couches and comfy chairs for more of an intimate bar experience. They've also got a pool table! 
Favorite drink by far is their sangria-rita, and if you befriend the owner, Joe, he actually comes up with some pretty creative shot mixes!Cool little bar.  Went to Friday happy hour.  Easily got our $4 martinis even though the bar was packed.  Crowd was a little older and diverse.  Not a college atmosphere, which is what we were looking for.I'm Canadian, and I've been living here in New Orleans for a while... I just came to this bar with my passport with a workvisa in it with a bunch of my good friends and they did not let me in. I'm pretty angry at this, however, noone withany international ID should ever try to get in. Extremely lame**I worked here as the of head security from roughly 2012-2013**
I wanted to post this years ago, but after reading comments since I've left, I'm hoping this will resonate and give confirmation for those questioning the "racist" accusations. I haaate pulling the race card, but here we go. 
Phillip's truly was a nice lounge type of place that catered to older college students 21+, young professionals and locals. I'd always invite my friends to visit while at work, take dates there etc. The bar owners are "Jason Warrington" and his husband who's name I can not remember, who at the time lived upstairs.
I quit on the spot around the time the staff began setting up for a Friday "Gappy Hour (Gay/Happy)" as they called it. Jason began to put a sign that had dress code "dont's". Stuff like - no earrings for guys, no hats with sports, no Jordans (not tennis shoes, JORDANS) etc.... I cant remember exactly and it's since been taken down. 
I proceeded to ask why the sign and verbatim Jason said, "The blacks are scarring the locals." 
I said, well I'm black and I work here and he responds, "Don't worry, your'e a good one." 
I told him that in some cultures nice Jordan's are equivalent to a suit and tie and how my parents are well off, so what if they showed up in nice attire, nice Jordan's and in their nice car and he respond's, and this is burned in my memory, "Black people buy nice things to cover up the pain from inside."
The last thing I remember saying was that with him being a homosexual male, it's sad to see him stereotype people to this extent before even meeting them and I walked away. 
Don't support this place. New Orleans has PLENTY of better places with health scores above the 70's. Feel free to reach out with any questions.