I made a special trip all the way from the Quarter to try out this highly rated vietnamese bistro.  It is located right at the Oak Street trolly stop along the St. Charles line, one of the best ways to get here is by streetcar of course.  They have some unique items you can't find at vietnamese soup kitchens in Houston.  Like the oxtail and filet mignon pho.  
I ordered the Vinh's special beef pho with brisket,  oxtail, filet and meatball.  The meatball is nothing special, but the one medium sized oxtail was delicious as well as the 6 or 8 slices of filet.  The brisket was tasty as well.  The broth wasn't the best, since it was strongly anise-flavored and I just prefer a weaker broth.
I gave it an extra star since it had a modern, open kitchen interior.  Prices are a little high, that's one bad aspect.Still giving you guys a 5 star.  I would have just sent you an email to let you know about this, but I can't find one.  Been in the service industry too long to even come close to wanting to hurt your reputation with something so trivial.   However, you lost out on a big take out order on Friday to Jazmine (down the street) because no one answered your phone.  I did try 3 times, and it kept going to some generic voicemail "no one is available to take your call" each time.  Made sure I had the correct number. Thought you may just be closed the day after Thanksgiving, but I had to drive past from where I live to get to Jazmine, and Pho Bistreaux was very much open.  I know I can't be the only one who's calling and no one is picking up.  This was around 5pm on Friday.  From a business standpoint, you may at the very least want to consider changing your message.  Let the caller know they've indeed reached Pho Bistreaux, and you may be busy, but to try again.  But this can't be the only order the restaurant lost due to this issue in the past, or even the same day.  I was kinda bummed.  Really wanted to order from you & not some other place down the street.Great veggie pho! It's my go-to pho take out spot bc a) it's convenient b) it's fast and c) it's tasty! Veggie pho comes with broccoli, carrots, jalapeño, bean sprouts, basil, onion, and fried tofu! The waiters are all super kind as well. Definitely a good spot to check out!I, like others, was excited to see the signs go up on those windows for a new Vietnamese restaurant. I slipped in here before work for a quick bite on a Friday afternoon. I sat at the bar and it took some time before I was helped,but I think they were finishing up lunch service so it was fine. The menu is simple and that is fine with me. I ordered the iced limeade which was refreshing, the tofu spring rolls, and beef pho. The rolls were good, but had just a little too much noodle for me. The pho was so good!! There was so much flavor in that broth....omg! The beef was in large pieces which made it a little difficult to eat ladylike, but I didn't care. I slurped and gulped down this deliciousness. The staff was sweet, but could've been a little more attentive. I would still choose this place over Jazmine's...it's delicious!I don't get it. This place isn't that great. If you want pho... drive down the street for Pho Cam Ly or Magasin kitchen or that place on Feret, but skip this one.
They get 5 stars for staff friendliness. Absolutely wonderful service. They one server that was there came by our table even though you can order and pay directly at the counter. He came by and refilled my water at least three times which was awesome since i always make my pho spicy and then drink a ton.
I ordered the brisket pho. The broth is just ok. Good news it's not oily which happens often when the broth is subpar. It didn't have too much flavor but managed a tad of an after taste. The brisket was completely dry and the noodles were closer to a dente than cooked which isn't what i commonly expect in pho.
Overall i was sad that i wasted my calories here.Very very good! Excellent pho (the oxtail is a must) and terrific cabbage salad. My preferred Vietnamese joint.Nothing better than a good bowl of pho!
I was very happy with my meal here. 
For starters, the place is clean and bright. I really liked watching the kitchen staff doing their thing. 
I started with a grilled shrimp spring roll, it was fresh and tasty. My taste buds were loving the peanut dipping sauce, arguably one of the best peanut sauces I have ever encountered. I finished it off with a spoon. 
For my main course I had the pho combo, which gets you meatballs, brisket, and eye of round in a rich beef broth with rice vermicelli noodles. Standard condiments are sriracha, hoisin sauce, limes, bean sprouts Thai basil and jalapeños. You mix it all up to your taste and enjoy!
I will return here time and again to try out the rest of their menu!Best veggie pho in the city, hands down. I've also tried the chicken pho, which is amazing. Definitely the go-to when I want something hot and delicious. The bao is also amazing, and the service is always great. The place is a little small but cozy. You can see the staff prep and make the food behind the counter, and it always smells great inside. It's also in an awesome location right off Oak St.Proper Pho. Don't recommend adding fresh veggies as like one reviewer noted, it drastically changes the taste of the soup. Sliders are proper as well.Love this place! I come here anywhere between 1-4 times a week because I live right down the street, and the staff is always cheery and accompanying. I took some grad school classmates there once and was a little embarrassed because we had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table at lunch time. However, the staff brought us free pork sliders (AMAZING) and comped our drinks to make up for it. I've come here with my two roomies a couple of times, both of which they have given us an order of 3 pork sliders instead of 2. I usually get the pho and personally find it delicious. The pork sliders and vermicelli are both to die for. Oh, and always, ALWAYS add on the egg roll to your meal.Pho was very good and staff were nice and incredibly accommodating. Well priced and nice spot.AMAZING! I take my pho seriously. It's my favorite, my breakfast, my rock. I could live off their vietnamese po-boys and spring rolls. num num numI freaking love this place. Super fresh ingredients, awesome flavor, i love the mix of the new and traditional. My go to is always the white meat chicken soup it is so aromatic yet savory and they definitely give you your money's worth in chicken, fresh basil and cilantro, perfectly cooked noodles, and crisp sprouts for days. After make two meals out of it.
My other weakness is the pork sliders, the meat is so tender and then then top it off with perfectly sliced mountain of cucumber carrots and one jalapeño for kicks. 
The staff has always been nice and courteous for me, i love that you watch them make your meals. Place is always super clean and i love the decor! I am so much happier with this place being at the location then the mystery steamed burgers please if only they delivered.I absolutely love this pho place!!!! It's currently my favorite place to get take-out when I'm busy. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean.Amazing restaurant! First impression of this small restaurant was fresh and vibrant. Waiter was on point and very courteous. Food was fresh and delicious! Thanks for a great experience.I got a small bowl of the white, chicken pho and it was BOMB. 
super cheap tooGood solid Vietnamese food. Manshape said his beef meatball pho was very flavoursome, the fresh spring rolls (one with fried shrimp one with shrimp and avocado) were good. I went for the vegetarian pho which was delicious and tons of additional veg as well as fried tofu, broth was mushroom based which made a nice change and more flavour than normal in veg pho. 
Staff super friendlyI really liked this place. There pork buns are awesome! The pho was good. The egg rolls were good as well! Everything I had was awesome! Would definitely go back.Amazing. Aaron and John were right. The "baco/sliders" were amazing. Recommend the pork. Very clean, fresh, and great taste.  Excellent customer service. Also, The Nail Lounge, is next door for a nice PEDI after all  the walking in NOLA.  I  NOLA.  Nice peeps.We ended up here after our other lunch plans fell through. Yelp said it was a good place, and it didn't disappoint. 
The restaurant has a unique design. The kitchen is open to the restaurant. The service was quick.  
We had the pork and chicken spring rolls as a starter. It's kind of hard to mess that up, but they were some of the best I've had. 
I had filed Mignon pho, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
To date, this place has the best pho I've had in the city. 
If this place was a little closer to the cbd, I would be a regular. But I will be bringing my wife back here soon.I love this place and go often, and have always had a great experience. Everyone here is always very accommodating and polite. The food is wonderful and very affordably priced.Had very good food. They have a "New Orleans" spring roll which has an egg roll inside of a regular tradition spring roll. May not sound as appetizing but it was surprisingly delicious! Very unique. Haven't ever seen that before! Pho was average.I like this place A-lot! The decor is modern with tables and chairs and this long high top bar that stretches the length of the kitchen. At this "bar" you can watch as they cook, create, and roll out their dishes! The kitchen is small but clean and lit up with wonderful greens and whites! All the food is right in front of you - encased in crystal clear glass.
The steamed buns with the grilled pork were crazy-good!!! The bun was sweet, soft, and sticky! It really countered and complemented the pickled carrots, jalapeno, and peppery pork. The grilled shrimp and avocado spring roll was as beautiful to look at as it was to eat. Again, you get to watch them make these things right in front of you! The Oxtail and Brisket Pho was incredible. The broth was amazingly flavorful without being salty like most other places in the NOLA pho scene.
I didn't wan to mention the costs but I will. The food you eat, in the portions they serve, at the price you pay, is like a gift instead of a value! I've already told my friends to check this place out, as should you!Overall, VERY impressed with Pho Bistreaux. The food served here holds up to some of the best that you can get in New Orleans East. 
First, the Pho with brisket and oxtail. The broth was outstanding--flavorful and satisfying. The broth at some restaurants can be quite oily. Not here, though. It was clean and flavorful, the obvious product of a long simmer. I learned later that the broth for the brisket and oxtail is stewed with that meat. 
What about the rest of the pho? The noodles were perfectly cooked. The meat was tender. What more can you ask for? The size of the dish is big enough where you can easily split it, making it a pretty good value. 
I also had the Bun with grilled pork and egg rolls. The portion of meat was more than generous and the marinade was just the right mix of sweet-salty. The egg rolls deserve a special shout-out. At a lot of places the egg rolls are an overlooked accoutrement to the Bun. Here, though, the egg rolls were fresh and full of flavor. Try to order 1 or 2 if you feel you have the appetite. 
I'm so glad this restaurant is in the neighborhood. I will definitely be going back.The pho and tofo spring roll is delicious! Oh, yes! I strongly suggest you try the Tai Tea here! It has the most yummy Tai tea I have ever taste! The tea is a little sweat, and better taste if iced.  For pho here, I think oxtail and brisket is the best.As others have commented, the menu is somewhat limited, but I have loved everything that I've tried. I feel like it can be hard to get good tofu in this city, but the tofu po-boy here is awesome. It probably doesn't hurt that they make their own mayo in-house either. At $4, it really can't be beat.
When I'm in the mood for lighter fare, the tofu spring rolls are my go-to. The veggies always taste fresh, and the peanut sauce is amazing. The vegetarian egg rolls are super yum, but also super greasy.
While the atmosphere inside is nice, if it is busy, it is pretty difficult to hold a conversation, as it gets fairly loud. So, I'd recommend going early/late to beat the lunch/dinner rush. I've also just called in a po-boy order and eaten it while taking a stroll down Oak St. Whatever works, right?!Really good Vietnamese food! Don't skip the grilled pork sliders. Friendly service which is sometimes a rarity in New Orleans.The service sucks! I was seated by the hostesses and I literally sat for over 20 minutes watching 2 servers pass me up! A gentleman came in and was seated and immediately he was attended too and served. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone...I love this place so much!! They simply have the best flavored Pho in the city. And not at the crazy high prices of some of the other Vietnamese restaurants.Amazing foods here , but the Pho just a little salty for us Asian :) ... But yeah I love this placeHearing all the buzz about this new place, my wife and I decided to pay a visit last Saturday, and boy, it's so worth our trip.
We walked in around 5:30 pm, 1/2 hour after they had opened for dinner.  The place was 2/3 full, so we were greeted right away with a very friendly waiter.  He told me that almost all servers are in the family, so they do care to make sure their customers happy to keep the business moving.  They sure did, the service was excellent during our dinner!  The place is very clean, and they are proud to cook in open space so you can watch if you choose to sit by the bar.  The decoration and lighting are unique, noise level is average.  My wife loves the embroidered pictures of the Vietnamese models wearing  "ao dai" on the wall.  Another thing I should mention is your clothes don't smell when walking out of the place, a 5 stars for their ventilation system. 
Now, let's talk about food.  My wife ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli (bun) with extra egg roll, and I had pho filet mignon.  We also ordered a grilled pork sliders per our friend's recommendation.
Vermicelli: My wife loves it!  The vermicelli is boiled just right, the chicken and veggie are so fresh.  The fish sauce is mixed well, not too salty, not too plain.  I like their bowl, it looks...cute :)  I took a picture so you guys can see.
Egg roll: Very crispy, fresh, and perfectly cooked.  This is a must have if you eat here.
Sliders: My friend is right!  This food is new to us.  The closest I had before was Peking duck with steamed bun.  This is steamed bun with grilled pork and vegetable sandwiched inside. It tasted so good!
Pho filet mignon: When it comes to pho, I'm very picky.  I intentionally ordered pho to judge their cooking.  The pho is excellent!  I can tell it was cooked with all fresh ingredients, no msg, no commercial power in order to raise profit.  If you want to taste a true Vietnamese home made pho, this is the place.  The filet mignon was very tender and just melt in your mouth.  I couldn't tell myself but wondering how they make their money when making their pho at this quality.
Obviously, I would recommend this place to anybody who wants to try Vietnamese dishes.  I haven't given any 5 stars to any establishment, but I must make an exception here.  We will come back  for sure to try other dishes.  I hope this restaurant's food/service will be be kept intact for good.This place is great. Love the atmosphere! Love the location! Good pho, and the sliders, or tacos as I call them, are too die for! The bubble tea, or Boba is also really good. Just make sure to not get jelly in yours unless you're completely sure you like it. I personal prefer tapioca pearls. But overall great place!I ordered to go but I must say, the place is very nicely decorated. Modern, clean but a little confusing- they share a front door with a nail salon (lol)! The cashier lady, who I'm assuming is also the owner, was super friendly and understood my need for just Sriracha in a ramekin. We also share the same dislike of the packet sriracha so obviously I'm already biased to like this place. Now my order: Vinh special! The oxtail was SOOO good and the amount. What a deal! The rare beef was too thinly sliced but was good. I didn't care for the meatballs or the other slice of beef (I think it's brisket?). I enjoyed the broth immensely. It has the right hints of pho, the right amount of fat but still tasted lift and refreshing. All in all, I would totally come back if I ever drive thru NOLA.very delicious! Especially the chicken bun, tofu spring roll and pho noodle. Will recommend to all my friends!My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans (and surrounding areas)! It's a very friendly, family-owned and operated establishment with the most amazing food and none of the pretension of many other new eateries in that area. The pork sliders are perhaps the most amazing thing I have ever ingested, and the pho is absolutely PHO-nomenal! Just looking at quality of the meat, the broth, and the veggies makes you wonder how they heck their food is that inexpensive! You can bet I'll be back there faster than you can say "oxtail."Ok. I'll admit. I was wary at first. It's not on the westbank and its in a weird spot. But boy were my misgivings WAY off. Best Vietnamese in the city IMHO. Better than any of my old haunts. Fresh clean delicious friendly. All bases are covered.Food quality ok. The pork sliders are good. Pho just ok. Egg rolls are good but not memorable. Service is very slow though. So overall just ok.We have had this pho on our list to try for s while. We should not have waited for do long. This place is GREAT. We had the spring rolls and pho ga. Both were excellent. What a fabulous addition to Oak St.  The service was very good and we had the best jasmine green tea we've ever had. We will definitely be back.A friend recommended me this place while I was looking a good spot for pho. The pho is delicious and the service is just great. I am now a regular customer and the service and food never disappoints me.As good as it gets! The best Vietnamese food in town by far. Authentic, the best quality, good prices, awesome service, and terrific ambience. We just moved from New Orleans to Iowa and we miss this place so much. We have been trying Vietnamese restaurants here and are always disappointed. I highly recommend the sliders, the spring rolls, the beef pho and the New Orleans roll... All my favorite. All the other items are awesome as well. You can't go wrong with anything. Miss my Pho Bistreaux.This is the best bahn mi (Vietnamese po boy) i've had in this city. and i've tried quite a few.Excellent shrimp poboy and hot tea. Nice atmosphere. As legit as it gets! Fresh to death!
Gosh these reviews have to be a novel don't they.
Don't forget to wash behind your ears.Love this place! Inexpensive and delicious. The staff is friendly and personable. I don't know how they make their grilled chicken but it is PACKED with flavor. The peanut sauce is super tasty. Would highly recommend the cabbage salad with grilled chicken. Bahn mi poboy or a big bowl of pho will cure your hangover quicker, I'm convinced. The price point here is pretty unbelievable. Get in there!Yummy in my Pho tummy! #NOLAFOODIE
Pho is the new CRAZE!! 
I work in Black Pearl and LOVE  the chicken pho with white meat the winter time. The portion sizes are extremely generous. They are really quick with orders and the nail shop next door is very convenient. 
PhogirlOutstanding. Food and service were both A+. I've driven by this restaurant a thousand times and never tried it. The Pho is incredible and tasty. We had 4 different types in our group and everyone loved theirs. The bun are very good- the spring rolls were good too. I would definitely eat here again.They need to change their menu on yelp as well as their website! Prices are completely wrong! You go to pick up your order and it is twice the price you are expecting to pay!  And you go home to find your order is wrong. Completely frustrating.I love Pho Bistreaux! The brisket pho is great, and the egg rolls are amazing. Love the iced coffee too!WOW!!! This is damn good food Pho Sure!! No really Pho places come and go..but the owner and staff at Pho bistro take mucho. Pride in the food they serve you..fresh ingridients, delicious appetizers and the pho..is the shit for sho!! Stupid I know right!! If you are craving Thai coffee or delicious Asian food in the New Orleans suburbs getcha ass down to Pho Bistro! !Highly recommend it, the food was amazing. I love the beef noodle and summer roll a lot .Super Yummy. The people are exceptional and the tofu sliders are to die for!!! The decor is fun, fresh, bright, and appealing. Pho definitely gives Vietnamese food a good twist. Everything is fresh and green. Love it!!The food and the service was fantastic! The bun sliders are a must try. One of the best things I have ever eaten! The pho was fantastic and we had the best service.I ate here twice this past week! Having moved from Minnesota, where my mom makes the most delicious pho ever, I thought I wasn't going to find a place that sold pho that was up to bar. Pho Bistreaux's filet mignon pho is SO GOOD. I love Filet Mignon, and the meat is so tender. I also tried the grilled chicken sliders and the New Orleans roll, can't go wrong with those. Definitely my favorites.What can I say... I've sworn to everyone I know that Lily's is hands down the best Pho in town. But I also haven't tried every Pho spot in time... So after giving Pho Bistreaux I try I was pleasantly surprised! Delicious broth! Absolutely amazing! Definitely putting them in the rotation .... Well right now the rotation is only Lily's and Pho BistreauxSo excited to have more Pho options Uptown. I usually make the hike to the west bank for Pho but now there are many places to explore on the east bank. OKay so we sat outside, brought our own wine (they did not charge a corking fee, hooray!), and had a lovely waitress. The Vegetarian Pho was just as good as Pho Tau Bay. The tofu was firm and the broth was tasty. I had the veggie egg rolls which were piping hot and delicious. The waitress was awesome and very friendly. I will definitely be a regular there.
The only negative( and it's not even really that bad) thing I would say is that there could be more vegetarian options for appetizers. Magasin (another Pho restaurant Uptown) offers a little more on the menu for vegetarians. 
All and all I was very happy. Yum!The food and service are excellent! Everything tastes and smells delicious. The restaurant atmosphere is welcoming. Staff is knowledgeable and attentiveness. It has been a pleasure eating at Pho Bistreaux. I highly recommend great prices for the quality of the food.I had chicken pho ga, and the tofu spring rolls. Both were very good, but it wastn't much to rave about.  I wish the had a smaller portion for the vegetarian pho. The prices with tip was a little bit pricier than other pho restaurants.  I have been meaning to check this place out, and I finally did.  It's okay, but probably won't be returning with  places like Magasin and Pho Noi Viet around.This place is great. I've lived in the neighborhood for 20 years and have passed by the location thousands of times but never went inside any of the businesses that previously occupied the location. These guys did a great job. The place feels clean. It's family run. I like how the kitchen is open, on display for all to see. I definitely recommend the pork on steamed bun sliders for an app. AMAZING! I thought the filet mignon pho was very tasty. The meat tasted very good. Everything tasted fresh. Staff was friendly.  I can't wait to come back. 
My only negative thoughts and advice to the restaurant owners is to get rid of the TVs and pop music playing in the background. The atmosphere would be better without that junk, IMO.I tried it for the first time not long ago, and I have to say that for the most part it was cilantro. Seems that all I could taste was the cilantro. Maybe it was just an off day.This place is tasty, fast, and efficient. I like that you can order pick-up from the Yelp app.What a pleasant surprise!
Coming from Philadelphia, which arguably has some of the best Vietnamese food in the US, I was prepared to be underwhelmed. I was a little concerned when I heard the rice wasn't "broken" and the waitress wasn't sure if the pork was marinated in lemongrass, so I opted for pork on vermicelli noodles with a fried egg. The pork was marinated in lemongrass and the dish was fresh yet did not compromise on explosive flavor. 
We also ordered the pork sliders (on a bun, not tortilla), which were delicious, and shrimp and avocado egg rolls, which were also excellent. The oxtail pho had tender meat and tasty broth - a well-executed pho dish. The pork banh mi here was also great - not too dry and with good flavor.
I'd probably rate the food 4/5 stars  but their service carries them to a 5/5. The waitress was super friendly and humored all of my questions, and our server was prompt and accommodating when we asked to be moved from the counter to a table. Our food came quickly and everything was well-timed. He also was very willing to split the check - hooray for being college-kid friendly! The kitchen was open so you could see they keep it very clean. 
We all ended up having a surprisingly great meal and experience, thanks to the fresh food (a welcome change from all the typical heavy, fried New Orleans fare) and the fantastic service.- Been to Pho Bistreaux twice. It's become our only go to place for Vietnamese so far since moving down to NOLA. 
- Po-Boy sandwiches (tried the pork roll & pate and grilled pork) are delicious; crisp and flavorful bread, flavorful meats, and pickled vegetables!! 
- Vermicelli bowl with grilled pork is eye-catching, delicious, and plentiful (plenty of meat)!
- Pho soup was standard - not as robust in content or flavor as some I've have at less Americanized Vietnamese resturants.
- Boba teas are more like slushy smoothies, which is an interesting twist great for a hot day! The tapioca balls in them are softer and more flavorful too.My wife and I live nearby and used to eat at this restaurant quite often. They seem to be going downhill as of recent, but we decided tonight to give them another chance for takeout after a hard day if packing boxes. The food we received was subpar at best. The lettuce in our spring rolls was brown. Lettuce is cheap; if it is bad, throw it out. My vermicelli combo was ok, but my wife's combo rice platter was swimming in grease. Her meat portion looked and tasted like it was 3 days old and that the cooks tried to liven it up with oil. Needless to say, they failed. In any case, we are moving to Chicago where there is wonderful Vietnamese. Rest ashured, howerver, when we come back to NOLA to visit friends and family we will be going elsewhere for dinner.Two words... Pork sliders!!!  Amazing!!! You'll regret it if you don't eat these pillows of greatness!!!  I reordered another round after The Pho Ba fillet- which was also great ...Plenty to share
Our new favorite spot!!I feel a bit unworthy, since I haven't tried their pho yet, but the food I did try was fantastic!  Everything was fresh, well made, quickly served, and had a wonderful combination of flavors, colors and textures.
My companion chicken sliders and we shared the tofu spring roll.  The next day we went back for lemongrass tofu vermicelli and the Vietnamese fried pork poboy!  It was all great!  The poboy and the sliders had lots of crispy veggies, some hot pepper, and the wonderfully seasoned meat.  The veggie dishes were quite tasty too, and I appreciate their willingness to have so many veggie options, and not just as afterthoughts.  
We also had the New Orleans spring roll, which is a small egg roll wrapped in a spring roll.  You can get it with meat or not.  Great again!
What a wonderful spot, it is clean, pretty, and the service is very friendly.  We sat at the bar which was fun.This has quickly turned into one of my favorite weekly stops. The shrimp sliders are absolutely delicious though, then again, I haven't ordered anything from here that wasn't great. Friendly staff, flavorful food.I know my Pho, and I was pretty disappointed by what I had here.The broth was flavorful, but it wasn't as good as the reviews had me hope. The biggest problem was that the meat portion in the large was skimpy - just three or four small pieces. That was a huge surprise. I may go back for the sliders, but I'll be trying other places for the Pho.This is by far the best place for tofu spring rolls in all of New Orleans. I actually have been to every other place and nothing beats it. I am no longer living there and I actually miss them every day it's true. Also their peanut sauce is the best. I asked for the recipe but all she told me was peanuts :/ anyways if your a vegan like me .. Eat these cheap 6-7 dollar spring rolls that will fill you up for at least half the day.Stopped here during my visit to NOLA, and I'm glad I did. The spring rolls were refreshing, and the sliders were delicious. The Pho was also very good, with a broth that leans towards the savory side of the spectrum. I would definitely come back if I was from the area.This is a great find. The food is spectacular. The pork sliders are a bite of heaven on a soft bun. The beef pho was fresh and flavorful. I would also recommend the NO egg roll and the bistreaux egg roll. The restaurant is fun open and inviting. Definitely 5 stars.Ordered from here last night. Have been in the usual post Mardi Gras body revolting against so much fun phase and not feeling 100%. I also gave up meat for Lent. This could have been a terrible combination, as ALL I wanted was some Pho but most broths are beef based. Enter Pho Bis!! Got the vegetarian pho and an order of the tofu steam buns-both things were EXACTLY what I needed and I'm fairly certain it put me back to feeling 100%. Also, the woman who took my order and then processed my pick up was super friendly. Great place, will gladly go back.The grilled pork is amazing. The pho is heavenly. The staff is extremely helpful and more than any other pho restaurant I've been to, they make their food accessible to non-Vietnamese guests. I will miss this place!Our last meal in New Orleans, was surprised by this great little place. We all love what we ordered.
We had combination pho soup, summer rolls, and thai tea with tapioca. Decent portion and taste, we loved everything. My friends we have the noodle salad and some other dishes all like their orders too. Our waiter was super patient with us. Great experience here.I have been living here for a year and I just tried Pho Bistreaux for the first time the other day and I have been missing out!!!! Their pho is the best in New Orleans... definitely add veggies to your soup for some added flavor and excitement! Love that option... 
It's also really cute when you dine in and the owner's daughter is there... she is so adorable! 
Definitely try this place if you havent already!!Just dropping in to mention how amazing the Grilled Beef Vietnamese Po-Boy is here. It comes with freshly seared shaved beef, with grilled onion in a very savory lemongrass-garlic-chilli sauce, served on freshly baked french bread.  Definitely in the top 5 po-boys I've had in my lifetime!Short version: A MUST TRY!
Long version: I found this spot via yelp, and I was not disappointed. The Pho was delicious. Many time, you have to add a little soy, hot sauce, or Hoisin. This broth was spot on. I only added a touch of Sriracha, because I like it spicy.
I ordered the large beef filet Pho and sucked down the entire bowl. I finished the entire bowl, so I recommend getting the large bowl unless you are not very hungry. There was a generous portion of rice noodles, but I wish there had been a little more broth. 
The broth already has some spice to it, so try it before adding anything. It really doesn't need anything. 
I was watching the other food being made, I and I could have ordered the whole menu. Everything looked fresh and delicious. The kitchen is open, so you can see what is being made (great for OCD clean freaks like me). 
I will difinitely be back next time I'm in town. A+My favorite Pho in the city! Decent price for a large bowl. They aren't skimpy with the Ingredients. Try the shrimp steamed buns as an appetizerBest sliders in town & the shrimp salad looked delicious! Always great & friendly service. Conveniently located!Yummy avocado boba tea and that New Orleans roll is killer! Fiancée had vegetarian pho and liked it. Service was good. Quaint location. Will visit again!Really good soup, pork bahn mi, and spring rolls. It gets a little hectic when they're busy, but worth the wait. Ask for Savannah -- she's super great.This is the best pho I've had in new orleans. The vegetarian pho (with tofu) is incredible, I come at least once a week.