Slow service. Like, snail's pace. Food mediocre and not worth the wait.This place has the best chicken pho in the city!  The other broths are good too (2nd favorite is the vegan) but the chicken broth is spectacular.   If I'm not in a pho mood, the curried tofu bun is consistently delicious. Also their iced tea is refreshing and unique.Didn't have chicken pho, so I ordered the pho tai. I didn't like the broth but the egg rolls were very good.Ordered the Chicken Lemongrass for lunch. The favors and spicy left me wanting more and more. Very fresh and a great summer dish....They should change their name to Bun Noi Viet, because the pho is flavorless, but the beef bun is pretty excellent.  The service is horrific.  I recommend take out because dining in is a stressful experience.
2 stars because the service is AWFUL.  I've been to this place 3 times, and each time, even though it is a "seat yourself" joint, all of the open tables are dirty.  They tell you to sit down and then come wipe the table once you have been sitting there for a few minutes.  Tonight I saw this happen to pretty much every person who came into the restaurant.  I've been a server and I know there is no excuse for dirty tables when you aren't that busy.  Even if you are having a bad night, you need to be somewhat pleasant to your customers if you're going to wipe nasty crumbs onto their laps..  Do not take someone on a date here.   They slam your food down on the table and walk away before you can ask for your utensils.  You are going to wait a long time for e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g.  You even have to wait for the check to be returned to you, which is ridiculous.  Service like this can't last much longer in NOLA.  They need to step it up.
The last two times I had two different servers and didn't have a napkin or chopsticks/spoon when my food came.  Nothing worse than having to wait a couple minutes for utensils when you have fresh hot food in front of you.  Also, they run out of things. Ran out of pork tonight.  I think they've been around long enough that they should know what needs to be ordered.
I tried the pho gha when they first opened, and the pho tai a couple months later.  The pho is the worst I've had in the city, and I have tried most of the pho in the city. Tan Dinh, Dong Phoung are my faves. The broth is bland, bland, bland.  I was also served blackened wilted basil with it and rotten mung bean sprouts.
However, tonight I tried the beef bun - very delicious!  This stopped me from only giving the place 1 star.  The beef was tender, seasoned and seared to perfection and the vegetables were fresh and plentiful.  The egg rolls were also some of the best I have had.  One downside was the noodles were a little on the mush side.
Pro tip #1: Bring utensils with drinks.
Pro tip #2: Get a bus boy.  The dirty tables and slow service is unacceptable for any restaurant on Magazine Street.
Pro tip #3:  If you don't want to hire a bus boy, get some napkin dispensers and wrapped wooden chopsticks on the tables.  This will help your incompetent wait staff.Honestly. When eating Pho it's all about the broth. And this broth was very bland and lacked flavor. It's not Vietnamese Pho. It's American Pho ‍‍One guy was very versatile in this restaurant. He had to leave mid order to pick up the phone. Drinks took a while and so did the food. Same guy greeted every table and took their order and food as well as cleaned up the table after. Summer rolls were amazing although I asked for no mint but mint was still in it. The shaken beef had a bit too much pepper for my taste. Pho was good, asked for the rare beef on side and was surprised by how big the portion size was!Surprisingly very good pho in NOLA.  I'm from CA and we wanted to see how pho was here.  Will come back again if in the area.  Better than some places in the bay areaReally this spot (which has poor exterior lighting and signage at night) is probably a 3. It's pretty bare bones Vietnamese. ACCEPT I had the curried tofu bun this evening and it was super tasty.  As this is a spin on the dish that I haven't had elsewhere and I really liked it, they get a plus 1 star. My dining companion loved her crispy fried egg rolls (and they looked really meaty) and her pork banh mi.
Y'know they may have gotten that star anyway for being open on a Sunday evening.  The servers were brisk and the menu is limited. The space is pretty stark and can be loud when full, but it's clean. And they take credit cards. 
In conclusion, not my first choice, but I can see craving the curried tofu again.Went here for dinner the other day and enjoyed it. Springs rolls are ok but the pho (w/brisket and rare beef) has a delicious rich beefy broth. It's perhaps a little heavy but an excellent dish. Also very impressed by the prices - extremely affordable - and great service.The spring rolls were super delicious.  Also had the grilled pork rice dish.  I will say that I've definitely had better.  This place was cheap but could work on the speed of the service. Overall it was a decent experience.Shrimp Spring Rolls we're very delicious and tasty.  Chicken Pho was excellent.. Service is okay,  overall very much enjoyed the food. 
Will be back for Pho again and a few other things look good on the menu.I was looking for some Vietnamese food and this place is the closest. I never dine in here before and thought I should give it a try. I ordered a small bowl of pho with brisket. Everything was perfect and my food came in a timely manner. I was hungry and ready to eat this bowl of pho on front of me. I have this weird habit of tasting the broth first before adding sauces and other herbs. I tasted and the broth was creamy with a little bit of salt. Ohh it was bad and not authentic pho at all. Since I already ordered it, I tried to make it work somehow and consumed the pho. Midway through my pho, my server randomly dropped off my bill on the table without saying anything. That was extremely rude and I wasn't even finish eating yet. Plus my date and I was there for only 15-20 minutes. It's not like we stay there for 2 hours trying to finish a bowl of pho!Great to see a full house and people waiting to eat this delicious food. Vegan Pho on this extreme hot and humid day.Had lunch on march 30.  Spring rolls & shrimp fried rice were excellent.  Iced creamy coffee!  Everyone enjoyed their meal.Brisket & rare beef pho was rubbery and inedible. Broth was a bit under seasoned but not that bad. Not the best service. Seemed like they only had one person in the whole front of house. Won't be coming back :/First few startup months were a rough ride but it was well worth the wait: you can tell the food is made with loving care, or at least respect. The Pho is artful and authentic, with real vegetable stock broth that is obviously not a bullion.
Excellent breaded-tofu poboy, great spring rolls and the vermicelli was really good too, but vegetarians beware: the side sauce is fish based. It already has a nice curry dressing, so I found the side sauce unnecessary. 
Extra Pho takeout for lunch the next day is still excellent. 
I really like the elegantly simple menu. Have tried each veg-friendly dish and was very happy every time. Very reasonably priced.Since my last review, I have tried most things on the menu.  Everything has been great. Have never had a bad meal here.  I crave the spring rolls and the peanut sauce weekly.I have lived near this restaurant for years and just tried it for the first time today. Everything about it was outstanding. The place has an open floor plan with minimal tables. So you do not feel claustrophobic like in some other restaurants. The service was friendly. We started with the pork spring rolls per the waiter's recommendation. They were awesome. Best spring roll I have ever had. The tofu Báhn mi was excellent. The Pho with rare meat was superb. A great taste to their broth.
I cannot wait to get back there.It's ok.
Most of the Vietnamese restaurants on this side of the lake are closed on Mondays so we ventured here. Service was fine, food came out hot but the flavors were strange. I found the pho broth, while a beautiful color, very sweet. I wish I had the time to compare the pho to another restaurant in NoLa! Maybe this is how they like their broth in NoLa?
Their cha gio was wrapped in Chinese egg roll wrappers.. *eye roll* which is a major, MAJOR PET PEEVE of mine. The dipping sauce was good, love my fish sauce.
They also have pad thai on their menu which threw me off....I really enjoyed the pho here. The broth was rich, and I didn't feel like I needed to add anything to it, like some of the other places around the city. 
The interior is a little sleepy and outdated, so don't expect to be wowed by the decor. But the food is good, and the prices are cheap. A huge bowl of pho with an order of spring rolls was only $13 with tax.  
This place probably gets overlooked due to the number of great pho restaurants on Magazine, but it is worth a stop. 
I'm pretty sure they don't have a liquor license yet, but I think you can BYOB.As the third of the new Vietnamese restaurants on Magazine in the small distance between Market and Napoleon, Pho Noi Viet already has some stiff competition with which to contend. Perhaps, if they had in fact, opened soon as promised in May of 2011 (!!!), they could have staked out a strong foothold in the Magazine hipster corridor. As it is, they are a welcome addition, with tasty and fresh spring rolls, solid Bun and even vegetarian Pho (which I really appreciate). Extra points for being the only Uptown Vietnamese restaurant to have fish sauce on the tables. Their iced tea is abysmal and I think it is on purpose, so we will have to agree to disagree (I think they use some authentic but skunky greenish blend instead of my favorite, jasmine...thank you Lilly's!).
    Of the aforementioned new Magazine spots, I think this one has the best combination of style and comfort, which is saying quite a bit.
    The staff is not super sharp but are nice enough- I've noticed some of the negative reviews and I have a feeling Pho Noi Viet has ironed out some of the kinks. Service was friendly and attentive both times I ate here.
    I'm just so grateful for all of the new Indochine spots on Magazine that I will patronize them all as often as possible.The best in town. Always fresh and made to order. 
Their spring rolls are actual real Vietnamese rolls and delicious. 
The pho are very well garnished with fresh ingredients and taste awesome. I really enjoyed going there at least once a week for the few month I spent in New Orleans.
I am very picky on food so when I say it taste great and fresh I m not just saying that. 
You might feel like you wait a bit longer than regular asian restaurant but if you want eat fresh that's how it is. Nothing is pre prepared and you can tell the difference in your mouth
Enjoy your mealNO meatballs in pho!? 
Good service but the food took a while to come out.
- Pho tai was excellent. A little bland but after I asked for the homemade xa te it made it a lot better! ( i need my meatballs though) 
- Eggrolls had a different twist! Chicken instead of ground beef? ANDDD BUTTON MUSHROOMS instead dried mushrooms? YUM!! ( i love mushrooms!!) Very delicious
- Pork springrolls........ BANGIN!Food was watered down. Would not recommend to my worst enemy.  Owners told us to go to a
Different pho restaurant. SmhFor the last 2 months this has been my spot. Vegan Pho 5 stars..... Sweet and Sour Chicken 4 stars..... Combine Rice 5 stars..... pad Thai 5 stars.... Egg Rolls and Springs Rolls 5 stars.... Tofu bun omg 5 stars.... Good food, excellent prices.  Service is great too.... Family owned and they take pride in each dish.The vegan pho and the tofu spring rolls were AMAZING.  Service was great.  I love that it's open on Sundays.  Will be coming here more often.Less expensive than the other place down the street, and pretty much just as good. I was able to add a bunch of veggies to my rare beef pho for only a dollar more, and the takeout size was awesome. There was enough broth and veggies to eat my fill and still have another serving for lunch the next day. A hangover cure for less than $10, and a bonus lunch- priceless.Have known the owners and cooks for a very long time. It's hard to find food prepared by those who have lived where the food originates. This small but roomy restaurant provides just that. Genuine, delicious, oriental food that is beyond just sushi. Something that can excite your taste buds.I've been to this place couple times for take outs and liked their food. Waiters are always polite and food is always delicious. Very good prices. The only thing I didn't really like, but can't complain about was the time you have to spend waiting. Usually it's 8-12 mins. Location is perfect as well. P.S.: interior and the place inside is pretty cool and spacious too.*sigh
I've given this place a million chances, and really wanted to like it given its proximity to my apartment and my love for good pho, however, on multiple occasions, Pho Noi Viet has not delivered.
I've tried the pho, the banh mis, the vermicelli bowls, the fried rice, and the spring rolls. The pho lacks flavor of any kind. The vermicelli bowls have had pork that quite frankly smells old, tastes too chewy, and has made me even feel sick the last time I dined there. No more Pho Noi Viet for me, I think I've finally learned my lesson.
I would also agree with what other Yelpers have said in that they invite you to pick an open table but they're always dirty -- which is fine if they are going to clean it -- but one particular time, there was a napkin and soup spoon left on a table and so the waitress left it there for me and brought my boyfriend a new set of utensils. Not only did I not have chopsticks, but she expected me to use the remnants of someone else's meal. She had a number of other blunders, which I know is waitress specific, so I won't hate on the entire restaurant for it, but I was so not having it.
Lastly, the restaurant is designed strangely with a huge partition down the middle of it. They don't seem to optimize the space with tables, then again, I've never really seen a huge crowd there. All the same, it feels awkwardly sparse and cold.Best vermicelli in town. The Chicken vermicelli is so good, I visit this place atleast once a week.Bland and slow. 
I came here on a Sunday night and waited 25 minutes for my bowl of pho to arrive. I've eaten lots of restaurant pho and never has it taken that long to come out, unless I order with a party ordering a slower dish. The kitchen should have the broth already boiling and ready - just need to assemble the bowls and pour the broth over it -- 5 minutes, at most 10. 
The only pho options were pho tai (rare), pho tai chin (rare, brisket), pho ga (chicken), and pho chay (veg). No tripe or tendon. Bonus points for having a vegan option though. I got the pho tai chin. The broth was quite bland. I doused it with fish sauce and hoisin sauce, but that could not create the rich beef flavor I sought and that it should have. Like another reviewer suggested, I think they use bouillon instead of beef pieces slow cooked for hours, and don't have a giant pot of broth ready to pour (which would explain the wait time). 
While eating, I chewed on something that felt and looked like plastic. The waitress said it was likely uncooked noodles. As much as it did feel like plastic, the straight cuts in the object did suggest they were noodles. She told the kitchen and comp'd me 50%, which was very nice. That said, the fact that they are using dried pho noodle instead of fresh noodle is sad and unauthentic. 
Menu (still current) found online here: http://www.tigerdroppings.com/rant/p/32690266/Pho-Noi-Viet---new-restaurant-open-on-Magazine.aspx
Service was very nice and attentive, but again, the food was slow to arrive. Decor looked modern and clean. The pictures of the bun dishes look good, but I do not recommend the pho.I do not know much about Vietnamese food. I do know that since trying it for the first time three weeks ago, I am hooked. 
Pho Noi Viet is the fourth restaurant I have tried in that brief time. The food was very good, but the service seemed unreasonably slow.
Located on Magazine street in the block where it becomes two way traffic, there is only street parking available. This was not a problem as I was able to park within half a block of the restaurant. 
Inside the restaurant was very attractive. My favorite feature was the two gas meters near the front door. You don't normally see gas meters so it had kind of an industrial feel to it. The door handle was also very cool as I exited.
Service was very friendly, but very slow. Our server was attentive, but the food took well over over 30 minutes from ordering to arrive. Normally I wouldn't mind a lengthy meal since it gives me time to talk, but for lunch, that was excessive. Because the entire meal took nearly 1.5 hours, I had to work late to make up the time lost at lunch.
The food was very good. I ordered the grilled pork bun (vermicelli noodles) with egg roll. This was my first experience with bun, but it was great. The egg roll in particular was very good. In fact, it was so good that it may have been the best egg roll that I have ever had. Unlike other egg rolls, it was loaded with "stuff" and pre-cut in the kitchen into several bite sized pieces. This saved me from trying to cut it (I had no knife), which normally leaves the "stuff" squirting out anyway.
Because the food was so great, I will be back. I just hope the next trip doesn't take as long.Excellent authentic Pho.  The chicken pho is superb, as is the vegetable pho.  Always very nice and helpful staff. Takeout is really easy.The cute and minimal decor and friendly staff offer a sweet respite on a hot, humid summer day. Their tasty vegan tofu curry vermicelli bowl and delicious lime black iced tea are going to become staples back at my house (unfortunately I don't live nearby - or else I'd be a regular!) Their menu is not extensive, but the options they do offer seem to be done very well.Beef and brisket was very fresh and cooked in the traditional way of pouring the broth over raw meat. It was extremely tender. They also give you a generous amount of meat. The only reason for not 5 stars is that the broth was a tad bit salty.Great, fresh, high quality food at affordable prices. They're only a week old, so they still need to work out the kinks (and add a second servor for Sunday nights!) but we had a great time and enjoyed the food. Spring rolls and egg rolls are especially good.I've been here four or five times now and have decided to upgrade my review to 4 stars.  It still isn't the best Vietnamese food around but they have a few dishes that are very good.  The grilled shrimp over rice is delicious.
Also, the owner, his wife and daughter are very nice people.  That counts for at least half a star in my book.A weird variation of Vietnamese food. The pho was just ok, tasted like ocean water. The service was super slow, do not come here if you have anywhere to be, do not be fooled by all of the open seats. Your food will take 30min minimum to come out. The noodle dishes were...different.  I had the curry tofu and it tasted like dry curry powder sprinkled on top of uncooked tofu over very white dry unseasoned noodles. I guess I was looking for a sauce of some kind.Amazing restaurant. We had the Veggie Pho, the Pad Thai (Recipe from the owners home town) and the chicken curry. Everything was delicious. The restaurant doesn't have alcohol which didn't matter. We had a pot of tea and really enjoyed our meal.This place has improved steadily since their initial opening challenges.  They were one of the few options open on Mardi Gras day and seem to be working hard to run a good business.  They have a decent selection of items on the menu while the service is usually in the range of acceptable to very slow so they could be faster on refilling drinks.  Overall this is usually a decent place to grab some affordable Vietnamese food in the area.Tried chicken pho today on my lunch break. It was alright, I do believe the broth could have had a better taste. I've had better.I absolutely love the food here. I've been a regular here for years. Try the fried tofu bahn mi---it's to die for! I give four stars not for the food or service but for the atmosphere and decor. It's never super busy so sometimes it's you and your pho alone in a quiet room which can be a little disconcerting.Had the pho tai and it was tasty. Bummed that they don't serve tendon here though. The lady had the vegan pho and that was on point. Definitely recommend checking this little gem out. It's also BYOB! Can't beat that.Good Pho and pleasant staff there. Seems like it's family owned and very low key environment.I lunched with a friend here whilst finishing my Christmas shopping on Christmas Eve.
There was actually a nice little lunch crowd in the place at about 12:30, but my friend and I were able to grab table and assess the menu. We started with the pork spring rolls, and since the day was unseasonably warm, I decided to skip the pho and got the pork bún (vermicelli bowl) with egg roll instead.
The pork spring rolls were excellent. They were packed with pork, lettuce and vermicelli and really delicious. Of course, there was peanut sauce for dipping- perfect.
The pork bún did not disappoint at all. This bowl came PACKED to the brim with huge pieces of pork, lettuce, peanuts, carrots and vermicelli noodles and an egg roll on the side and there was fish sauce to mix into the dish. The pork was perfectly cooked and I loved how generous the portion was. It was perfect for lunch and definitely hit the spot. I also got a Vietnamese iced coffee and, even though it was a bit sweet, it was really good.
Just a note about some people complaining about the wait. Yes, there was a wait. It was about an hour from the time I sat down to the time i was walking out the door. I will say this: there was one woman waiting on every table in the place and clearing tables as people left. She never stopped and she was even running from table to table to make sure everyone was happy. I'd be willing to bet there was only one person in the kitchen cooking, as well. This is a small operation and they are really working hard here to keep everyone happy. If there is a bit of a wait, just be patient. I went in with open eyes, having read past reviews, so the wait wasn't an issue for me. More time to chat, I say!
I loved my experience here. The food was excellent and the staff was polite and friendly. While I won't say that it's the very best Vietnamese food New Orleans has to offer, I was left happy with my food and I would return.I never really had Vietnamese food before I moved to New Orleans. Upon discovery of the West Bank and the magical tastes that reside in Pho Tau Bay and Tan Dinh I fell in love with the food. Unfortunately, the West Bank is essentially in a different world and my consumption was limited. 
This all changed with the sudden influx of Vietnamese restaurants along Magazine, and Pho Noi Viet has the honor of being closest to my house. My review: 
One Star: Location - located within walking distance of anything in the Garden District/Irish Channel neighborhoods it could not be more perfect for my own selfish needs. 
Two Stars: Pricing - this food is cheap for 12 dollars you can get a big vermicelli bowl and two spring rolls... enough to feed a small family or one single person for two days. 
Three Stars: Taste - Fresh, tasty ingredients come together to make solid Vietnamese cuisine. So far I have had Vermicelli with pork, the shrimp spring rolls, and some delightful skewers. Based off what I have tried from the plates of friends I am foretelling a tasty exploration of their menu in my future. 
Four Stars: Ambiance - This is real laid back place to enjoy a easy meal with friends. The business is still growing into their location, and hopefully turning down the AC, but I enjoy heading to Pho Noi Viet on the regular. 
Minus One Star - Service - It can take some time to get your food. This is probably not the fastest Vietnamese food in New Orleans. It is a bit obvious that the staff is still new and green to running an efficient restaurant. Still, the positives at Pho Noi Viet outweigh the minor inconvenience of having to wait an extra 5 minutes for delicious, conveniently located food.Currently sitting in the restaurant and it is taking phoever. The shrimp skewers were good.Good food! Had pork po boys, lemon grass chicken and rice and beef curry noodles. Happy with all of it! Excited about adding this Resturant as a regular go to! Nice staff and nice atmosphere.This haphazard setting may fool you, but you can have a quick, solid lunch here. It's not the greatest in Viet food I've ever encountered, but the fine for the price. 
Note: please work on a better presentation for iced Viet coffee; the pan leaked everywhere and were quite stingy with the condensed milk.The pho here had a different taste, the broth sort of had a cinnamon taste to it which was ok. On the other hand, two of my family members and I had to wait 45 minutes after we ordered to get our food. On the positive note, their Thai Tea is pretty good (if you have a sweet tooth like I do).I stumbled upon this restaurant while leaving New Orleans during spring break. I was driving down Magazine St, looking for something quick to eat. I am a sucker for Vietnamese food and figured I should try some in the food capital of the country. 
When I walked through the door, I first noticed how nice the atmosphere looked. I ordered the spring rolls, lemongrass chicken and rice, and a pork banh mi. The spring rolls were decent but seemed to fall apart fairly easily. The portion for the lemongrass chicken was awfully small, and had little -- if any -- chicken, and the flavor was bland. However, the banh mi was delicious. They used some type of mustard dressing on it, which left my mouth watering.
The service not what I would expect from a restaurant in New Orleans. The man was very inattentive, and seemed to be overwhelmed. We sat at our table for about ten minutes and finally got to put in our drink order. (Two waters with no ice). Five minutes later we received our drinks, only to be left again without placing our order. After our food came, our server never checked up on us, nor did he refill our water. He pushed the checkbook on our table while we were still eating and returned within one minute to ask if we were ready for him to take the check. 
After paying, we slowly stood up and started to walk out the door. Sadly, the server looked directly at us and did not wish us a "good day," or even a "thank you."
I would not recommend this place, I am sure there are much better Vietnamese restaurants around. 
P.S. - I gave 3 stars for the simple fact of how delicious the banh mi was. Otherwise, I would have rated this place at 1.I walked in and sat myself the guy comes up to my table and informs me that they're closing in 15 minutes so he wanted me to hurry up and order my food so he could run my check.
No greeting. No joy. Didn't even offer me a glass of water. 
I had literally been at the table for about 10 seconds. After he said that, I decided to just leave because obviously the service was about to be trash. When I was getting up to leave, he felt the need to tell me that they had been dead for about 40 minutes as if that had anything to do with them closing in 15 minutes or anything to do with him coming to me with that rude introductioni really want to like this place but was not impressed with their grilled pork banh mi.  the pork was not grilled, was a little too fatty and needed to be seasoned better.  while i did appreciate the generous portion, it consisted of two top halves of bread which made the banh mi too bready and difficult to eat being like 6 inches high.  also, the bread was not particularly good and i associate good bread with banh mi.
on a positive note, the service was friendly and good.  i will be back, try more things, and amend my review accordingly.Food was okay. Nothing too spectacular. The waiter was polite and nice. My only complaint was the 40 minutes waiting.Looking for something a bit different we decided on Vietnamese food. The place is huge and very clean. Service was quick and friendly. All we had were the  spring rolls, something small and light for a snack just to try it out. We were pleasantly surprised, it we needed in the middle of the day.It seems to be a theme for people to stop in here on Sundays when other pho restaurants are closed. And there is a reason for that: The food here is fine. The service is pretty good. The décor is not much, but fine. Overall, it's OK. I had the brisket and flank pho which was tasty, not the worst pho I've ever had, but I've had better just down the block. The spring rolls were pretty good, but again, I've had better.  My friend had the beef bahn mi which was large and he devoured it with a speed that suggested it was delicious, so maybe that was the way to go.  So I guess my overall outlook on this place is if you are in some major craving for Vietnamese on Sunday and on lower Magazine, this isn't the worst place to eat.The food reminds of some of the best Pho I've had in NYC and DC. Spring rolls, chicken & beef pho and shrimp fried rice were all very good; both fresh and flavorful!We came in on a rainy Sunday of a Saints loss. The food was delicious. The broth was rich, not too salty, not too fatty. I asked for meatballs added to my pho and they were happy to do it. Their menu isn't as big as I'd hope but the pho was delicious.A solid "good" across the board. Came here on a rainy day and it was a sleepy atmosphere. Hot tea and curry tofu was the order of the day. Generous portion of noodles with fresh veggies. I will get the spring rolls next time.Spicy and good! 
At first I was skeptical because the items on the menu were so cheap.  I gave it a chance and was pleasantly surprised.
The atmosphere was not quite that welcoming but the food was well worth the lack of atmosphere.  
The egg rolls and spring rolls were delicious especially when they were served with homemade peanut sauce!
The iced coffee was also AMAZING, served with the perfect amount of condensed milk!
The service was a little off, the waiter never brought us forks or napkins and our food was brought out by someone other then our waiter, but these things are easily forgiven because the food was excellent!
BYOBThis place is awesome. I go here about once a week and have been, on and off, for over a year now so I decided it was finally time to write a review. The vegan pho is amazing, so is the chicken pho which has a slightly all-spice flavor that i really love, even though I'm not normally an all spice fan. I've never tried the other pho dishes, but I have tried the spring rolls which are really good, I get pork, shrimp, or tofu ones every time I go. An important highlight about pho noi viet is that its vegan friendly, has vegan pho like i already mentioned, AND even the peanut sauce for the spring rolls is vegan. My vegan cousin from out of town craves pho noi viet, so we get it every time he's in town. The servers are also very nice, and while its not the fastest place, its not the slowest and is always worth it. OH YEAH, one last important thing - you cant beat the prices for vietnamese food in nola (cant speak for the west bank).Great spot family owned. Go for the pad Thai or keep it simple with pho. The pad Thai is killer with your choice of spice. BYOB, make it hot and cool off with the beer. Family owned and cool.I also was excited to see a Vietnamese restaurant move into my neighborhood. And this evening, we finally tried it. I was totally underwhelmed.
First off, the waitress didn't know the menu well. And the menu is small and not impressive. The spring rolls with shrimp were good, but the peanut sauce was gritty and unappetizing.
The pho had little to no flavor. There is much better pho down the street at Magasin.
I asked the waitress about the bread used for the ban mi (Vietnamese poboy) just to make sure that I would not be served something non-discript out of the WalMart oven, and she didn't know--she just said that it was bread. So, I didn't order that.
Instead, I ordered the shaken beef with rice. I do enjoy spicy food, but there was black everywhere on the plate--as if about half of a pepper shaker was used to prepare this dish. I could not even eat that, so I switched with my boyfriend, who had the chicken bun. The bun was much more edible, but the lettuce served were the tougher outer, bruised up leaves.
Lastly, if you are thinking of going here for Vietnamese coffee, skip it. I was not served the wonderful, delectable drink that slow drips over a glass with condensed milk. Rather, I was served a watered down version of iced coffee with no visible or obvious condensed milk. There was sugar in the bottom of the glass, and it tasted horrible. It really had a bite to it.
All of what I've said, along with pretty poor service--even though I live around the corner, I can say unequivocally, we won't be back. Money spends the same for good food as for bad. So next time, I'll go with a sure winner and go back to Magasin.Hits the spot! A tasty addition to the neighborhood. Highly recommend the curry BunThis is the kind of food that you crave after you eat it once. It's very vegetarian and vegan friendly. 
My favorite item on the menu is the vegan pho. Most vegan pho has a bland and flavorless broth. This vegan pho will blow your mind. It's fully of mushrooms and veggies to give it lots of flavor. The noodles are cooked just perfectly. The tofu is heavenly. Sometimes this pho is the only food I want to eat.
The tofu spring rolls are very good. The tofu is cut thick and adds a lot of flavor. Plus the peanut sauce is very tasty.
The tofu bahn mi is perhaps the best bahn mi I have ever had. The tofu is perfectly fried. The seasoning is the perfect combination of sweet, spicy, and salty. The veggies are crisp and it has just enough cilantro for good flavor without being overwhelming. 
If you love Vietnamese food (or just food in general), you are in for a treat.If you are looking for the best bowl of pho in New Orleans, look no further Pho Noi Viet is it! As an Vietnamese american I would like to think I've tried my fair share of Vietnamese food and have a good pallet for it. The pho at Pho Noi Viet is absolutely consistently  delicious and you can even taste the care they put into making it.  Each and everyone one of their pho is tasteful and filled with authentic flavor. I've tried most of all the Vietnamese restaurants in town and other places too but I've yet to find one that compares to this place. Typically I don't really like brisket but the brisket here is absolutely tender and melt in your mouth and the proportions of everything is just right. 
My friend typically gets their vegan pho as well as the vegan pho around town and this is hands down the best vegan pho. You can taste a blend of vegetables stewed to basically perfection.
I've stepped away from the pho and tried the pork vermicelli bowl and was also presently fulfilled. My only objection is that the pork isn't grilled, which is what is typically done, however you will be hard pressed to find a Vietnamese restaurant  in town that grills the pork anymore. However the pork was marinated terrifically and the bowl was delicious so no complaints here!
The ambience and calmness of this place is really welcoming and the people here are the nicest! There is a man who is the owner/manager who occasionally walks around sparking conversation with customers and making them feel welcomed!Lilly's is closed till Aug 4th.  Hopefully the junior varsity team will step up their game. It's super packed in here since their superior is out of town. Not bad. Just not spectacular like Lilly's. Please step it up folks. Cmon?Very good beef pho, just as good as in Cali. Worth a try! The service was good, and they were fast bringing out our food.We had lunch here on a recent Sunday and loved it. We had a beef k-bob appetizer, chicken pho, veggie pho and a curry tofu bun bowl. All were super tasty. The broth on the veggie pho was so fragrant we all stuck our noses over the bowl to waft the yummy smelling steam. The curry was the best!! This is one we would definitely stop at again.Interestingly had the Pad Thai here and was impressed.
Went back for the Pho, and not so much maybe they were off that day?  
Very good pad thai.Went on a Sunday night and ordered pork spring rolls and a Banh mi. Spring rolls were pretty good, but the Banh mi was a tremendous disappointment. When bringing out my sandwich the server apologized and explained that they had run out of they typical baguettes and decided to put it on french bread. I'm not sure why they had his bread available, but it was completely stale and tough to chew. I gave up trying to eat it as a sandwich about 1/3 of he way through and just ate the filling.
The only reason I gave 2 stars is that the server noticed how I couldn't eat my sandwich and he did try to make it right (and I enjoyed the spring rolls). I would say that the kitchen should have been more proactive about communicating the issue to the server who then could have addressed it with me in time to allow me option to change my order. Also, don't serve stale bread to paying customers...I have gotten take out twice from here in the last three days.  The Pork Banh Mi was very good and had some nice spice to it.  The beef pho that I had wasn't spiced too heavily other than the Jalapeno.  The beef was thin and tender.  It came with the Thai basil, sprouts, and noodles.  Pretty basic.  The vermicelli with egg roll and beef was good.  The fish sauce was a little different and not as much garlic as I normally expect.  The pickled vegetables were perfect but the noodles were a little overdone for my liking.  The egg roll, however, was one of the better Vietnamese I have had in a while.  I am going with a four star for the Banh Mi  and egg roll, alone.  For the Pho or Vermicelli, I would go three stars.  
My word is that I work fairly close by and I will support this business when I need a quick Vietnamese fix.  My go to will be the Banh Mi and egg rolls for now.Ordered the curry beef bun and shrimp spring rolls, with a glass of iced Vietnamese coffee - all of them came quickly and were really solid dishes. Yummo!!  plus the ambience of the place is pretty spot on - clean, Vietnamese music playing and nice and cool inside on a hot summer day.This place is so worth going to.  The vegan pho is so delicious and always hits the spot and the wait staff is super friendly and attentive. The quality and authentic flavors of the dishes here make the difference. I don't mind waiting a little longer for my food because it's made fresh, not from pre-prepped ingredients.   Excellent indeed.Very, very average food but it's cheap and the service is good. There are better Vietnamese places in town. It's not bad, it's just average.Saw the low rating but decided to try anyway. We were not disapointed at all.  Great food. Tasty and refreshing. Our waiter was outstanding.  Hope to return soon for dinner.This restaurant is yums in my tums. Everything I've had has been masterfully flavored and the owners are lovely people. My favorite comfort food lately is the basil chicken with rice. And it's very affordable, which I hope never changes. I could eat here everyday, no joke.Looooong wait for food. Entre's brought to the table before appetizers.  Food OK, not special.