I'll give this place 3 stars until another trip to check out other items.
They did an ok job on the buildout.  Pretty nice for Vietnamese restaurant standards.  Owner and staff seem friendly.
Happened to be there for happy hour so I tried the Vietnamese pork tacos and Vietnamese crepe.
The tortillas for the two tacos were stale but the pork was good and fresh vegetable fillings.  $4
The vietnamese crepe was AWFUL.  I'm not sure if it is the way it was prepared or if I just hate Vietnamese crepes.  It was like an undercooked eggy tasting omelet with tons of cold bean sprouts and thinly sliced cold shrimp and other grossness.  This could have been a delicious example of a Vietnamese crepe, I just might not like them...  - $5
We also ordered pork egg rolls.  Ok.
I would go back to try other menu items.The food was good. Service was acceptable. Prices were also very good. Ambiance was lacking.Definitively, the best large pho combo this part of town. True combination of meats, tripe and meat balls for a Monday pho lunch. Can't vouch for other menu items but it's a pho restaurant after all. Enjoy your next pho combo here.I've been here a few times now, each time I'm in town I try to stop here. The food is good and verbally the device is good as well. However, tonight's visit in was a bit confusing...
I entered the restaurant around 5:45pm, and upon entering there were three people seated inside, a couple in the back corner eating and a lady at the bar eating. Standing there for about 30 seconds or so, unsure if I should wait to be seated or seat myself, a woman in the back of the restaurant started yelling something towards the front of the place. I thought I did something wrong. 
She yelled something again and the guy in the corner turned and looked at me and went back to eating, once more she yelled and then he finally got up confused looking and started walking to the woman at the bar... and again the lady in the back yelled, he finally seems to notice me, and as he looked at me, confused, he said "oh?". At this point I looked at him and said: "Just one please". He still seemed confused as to why he was helpin me but told me to just sit anywhere. He followed me to the table and gave me a menu. Then immediately walked away.
A minute or two later he came back to get my drink order, to which I ordered water. When he returned with the drink he sat the water down with the woman at the bar, she said "this isn't for me, I think that's his drink." Pointing at me...
He then smiled and was like "oh yeah." Picking the drink back up and bringing it to me. He then just stood there, not saying anything - I took this as my queue to order so I pointed to what I wanted and said that I also wants to add an egg roll. Fairly quickly the food came out. Thankfully he not only brought the food to me but he also brought me the right food, with one exception - no egg roll. But after quickly setting it food down he darted outside for about 10'minutes - I believe he was trying to bring in customers who were walking by as he finally returned inside with a small group of people. 
At this point he takes care of their order then brings me a check. $30 with a soda, beer, and two meals on it, and again goes right back outside before I can even pick the ticket up to look over it. Not in a rush I waited a bit, sipped my water. He returned 6-8 minutes later and comes to collect the check. I tell him it's the wrong check.
He smiles and apologizes and comes back with another check. This time it had the correct meal but also had a $2.50 charger for a soft drink, to which I pointed down at my cup of water and told him that I only had a water and that there was a soda charge on the bill. He grabs it back and looks at it for a few seconds and then says he will be right back. 
At this point he finally brings the right check, my card was still in my hand but he darted off again before I could hand it back to him. So  walked up to the bar, near the register and stood there for about 5 minutes before someone would ring it out. At this point there were two tables with 5 total people and the woman at the bar, not a crazy rush by any standards. 
Paid and left... I will definitely think twice about returning, sadly.Great place to stop for Pho! The servers are very attentive as it is often pretty empty. The food is exactly what you would want when it comes to Pho, and the prices are very reasonable. I'd recommend getting the large pho for $1 more, as it easily becomes lunch or dinner for the next day. They have a full bar and TVs, should you want to go in and watch a football game and eat Pho.Although somewhat on the expensive side, Pho Orchid offers quality Vietnamese Food. They offer the basic array of Vietnamese dishes (rice, noodle, bahn mi) along with some specials and one very unique dish -- buttered chicken wings (which are a must-try). 
As I mentioned, some of the prices are a wee bit high and they are closed on Wednesdays, but the quality of the food is consistently good and I've never been let down by their service. Although I enjoyed Le Viet Cafe, which previously occupied the space, I find Pho Orchid to be a improvement.No complaints about this place! My group ordered pork/shrimp & shrimp spring rolls, beef "tacos" (which are really steamed buns), a banh mi, and chicken bun. My favorites were the beef steamed bun and banh mi! The bread was perfect. The service was fast and efficient. I definitely suggest giving this place a try!!!My friends and I stayed down the street from this restaurant and we decided to get some food to go.  We came by shortly after they were opened and ordered:
Pork bahn mi
Spring rolls
I think I'm spoiled with a lot of great Vietnamese restaurants in San Diego that I wasn't satisfied with the food we received here.  We got our food 20 minutes after ordering and took it back to our time share.  Food was small and just okay.  Nothing to really special to write about.Excellent Vietnamese cuisine! The Pho is phantastic. We started with shrimp spring rolls, which were fresh but unremarkable. A little crunch in the form of cucumber and a little punch in the form of say, cilantro, would have made these stellar.  The pho itself was perfect, and my partner had their take on pad Thai, which was made spicy, just the way I like it. Service was friendly. Price was fair. I will definitely return.Got to go bahn mi's since I had their pho in house before and have eaten at the metairie location. Man, what a disappointment.  There was a miniscule amount of meat on our pork bahn mi. And it was very dry with hardly any cumber and too much carrot.  I don't recommend it for  to go or if you want a quality bahn mi. Eatwell and Hong Kong market do better  and at a better price point. I feel like they put the product they should have put on one sandwich and put it in two. 
 Not worth the money.I was staying at the Hotel Indigo two doors down and stopped in because I needed to grab something quick for lunch. Restaurant is clean and the waitress was attentive and very nice. I ordered the Lunch special which was a Half Bowl of Pho with a Half Po Boy. Both were o.k. but neither were anything special. Maybe it was just a one time thing or it could possibly be that it was the very inexpensive lunch special. Either way I would probably go somewhere else next time.Came here with the fam after a 7-day cruise. All of us had pho tai. Very tasty and authentic broth. I personally appreciated the small bite sized pieces of beef. Generous with the dressings (I'm talking about green onions and stuff). Overall very enjoyable pho. 4/5 would eat again.This is one of the best Vietnamese spots I've been to, and I've been to a few around the country.  The spicy beef noodle soup is on point and the banh mi is the best I've ever tasted.Our Spring Rolls were delicious. I also enjoyed my Combination Bahn Mi although it was a bit small. My wife's Vietnamese Crepe wasn't too good, but maybe it was just a poor choice. Was greasy or oily and the crepe itself had an odd flavor. All in all, it was okay.Not impressed. I love their other locations in Metairie but it bothers me that everything is more expensive at this location. I can't believe they charged me for a to go order!! That's crazy. I'm going to stick with Magasin Restaurant instead.This is a convenient location for me as it is near my home.  They have some of the most flavorful chicken meat in their chicken pho here.  Generally the food here is decent to good but it doesn't seem to always be as good as their other two locations in terms of service and consistency of food.  In this area I generally prefer Pho Cam Ly, Lilly's and Mint Modern over this place but you can certainly satisfy your Vietnamese cravings here.  They don't seem to stay open late here usually and tend to close right at 10pm or earlier.We were in the mood for pho and this place was closest to our hotel. What a find! The pho was good but the bright shining star was the spring rolls. I had the grilled pork and shrimp and they were big, fat, and tasty....just excellent! We liked them so much the next day after we checked out of our hotel we stopped by to pick some up for on the way out of town but unfortunately they don't open until 11am. We couldn't stick around so no tasty rolls for us..next time. Definitely!I normally get the vegetarian pho, and I pick it up (yes, they charge extra for pick up).  It's normally okay, but there's better places around the "area" like Lily's or Magasin (the latter is AWESOME).  The last time I picked it up, I waited FOREVER.  They said about 15 minutes, I got there twenty minutes or so after the phone call, and waited for another 15-20 minutes.  It's okay if you're in the area, but if time allows, trek to the other Vietnamese places.The Korean BBQ and fresh fruit chillers are really good. My only complaint is the very small amount of meat that was a little fatty the first time I ate there, but on my second visit it was just right.Dissapointed due to the fact that we were led to believe that they would be open until 12 am in the morning. We took a fifteen dollar ride there to be ignored by their closing staff. Left in the rain we left broken and wet from the rain.Fantastic food!! I had the tacos and they were delicious. My daughter has the bun (noodles) with tofu and it was amazing. My son had the pho (soup like) and even though it was a tad salty, it didn't stop him from eating all of it. It was a huge bowl as was the bun. There were four of the "bun type" tacos and they were filling. We also has the egg rolls and they were just as good as everything else. The place is small and quaint. Service is great. Anything you don't know is explained to you. We will be going back again and again. Price is perfect!Pretty good! I usually get a combo pho, and shrimp spring rolls. It just annoys me that there is a minimum for a "pick up". Is that a common thing for places? I understand a delivery minimum... But pick up... Come on...So I'm not sure why this place has uptown in the name when it's clearly in the Garden District. But that's just me being picky.
I stopped in during the 1st weekend of carnival season and they were serving a limited menu and all orders were handled at the bar. No problem.
I ordered a couple of bahn mis for me & my family and they came out quickly. Both sandwiches (grilled shrimp and tofu) were delicious and huge! 
Staff was very nice and gave me a huge glass of ice water which was much needed on that warm first Sunday. 
4 stars for life-giving food during carnival. Now I'll just have to get back over there for a meal when they have regular service.Used to be my default because they have vegetarian broth for the pho. Now that my pho is sitting on my floorboard I have decided to stop supporting this place until they figure out how to do a to-go order, Jazmine is better anyway, the location convenience is not worth the trouble with this place.Thank you for introducing me to fried tofu as crispy as a chips on the outside and soft in the inside! The bowl (salad) was delicious! I'll definitely come back.I absolutely love the Metairie restaurant so I was stoked when this place took over Le Viet Cafe. The owners did a great job fixing up the interior - it's easily 1,000% better than before.  Decor is modern, minimalist and most importantly, clean! 
I only got a spicy beef noodle bowl to go - so I can't speak for the dining service or any of the other dishes, but their to go packaging was AWESOME. They really take that extra step to maintain presentation and I really appreciate that. I got a styrofoam container for the hot broth, a fancy plastic bowl with the noodles and meat and ziploc bag for sprouts and herbs. The soup was not as good as the Metairie restaurant, but overall, I was still satisfied. 
Looking forward to trying more of their dishes and hitting up the happy hour. I appreciate that they employ servers who speak English. I wish that they would add delivery to their services, which would definitely make this a 5-star joint!AUTHENTIC PHO in NOLA!! The restaurant is very clean and service is fast and friendly.  
Pho Orchid combination was a little bit of everything. Broth was amazing and was a great cure for the morning after. Pork summer rolls & duck buns(?)- amazing!!! Can't forget the Vietnamese iced coffee! Prices were reasonable! Make sure to get a large since the small looks kid size.Stopped by for an early dinner after work. Service was nice and really fast. Got myself the wonton soup which was amazing ! Fanciest wonton soup I've ever had - had shrimp, chicken, beef, onions, and some greens plus the wontons which were very soft and has amazing filling. Shrimp and pork rolls were good too but I wish there was a little more meat and less noodles! Great price too - full dinner for one, plus a drink, for $16!I got the Pad Thai combo special and it was delicious.  The coconut "chiller" (kinda like a boba tea smoothie) and it was straight up delicious.  Good service and fairly price.  Great, simple location.  I'll be back.Pho Orchid Uptown is one of the best pho restaurant in New Orleans. Their foods are to die for especially their spicy beef noodles. Their happy hours are also incredible from 3pm-6pm and 9pm-12am. The staff and service was amazing, everyone is extremely nice and funny. This place is cleanest pho restaurant I ever been to. It's a very causal and chill place to have lunch or dine. I 100% recommend to try this place out if your in New Orleans!!!I always go to Viet restos wherever we go because I just love Viet food, lol.  Pho Orchid did not disappoint... I am surprised by the "meh" reviews.
We took the trolley down, so parking wasn't a problem for us.  We also went in a little before they closed, but they welcomed us.
What I can recall, we ordered:
- Bo Ne
- Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio
- Pho 
My mom's Bo Ne looked and tasted delicious.  It came with beef cubes and onions, sunny-side-up eggs, baguette with butter and pate (OMG, my favorite),  and a side salad.  My Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio was good and very flavorful.  The hubs' pho was decent, too.  I forgot what my pops and cousin ordered, but they enjoyed both dishes much better than Lilly's and Magasin's.
I know some people prefer Lilly's and Magasin's, but I would definitely recommend Pho Orchid over Lilly's and Magasin.  When we go back to NOLA, we will be back to eat at Pho Orchid.  Hope the food tastes just as great!The hrs listed is wrong. We took a cab ($15) at 10:00pm and it was closed. They didn't even bother to pick up the phone.  Too bad we couldn't try the food.Absolutely a must! Only a few steps from our resort Food is delicious especially the Orchid combination over crispy noodles. The coconut milk with tapioca was yummy! The staff was very attentive. Look forward to eating here again. We told our family and they went and enjoyed it as well.Great pho, TERRIBLE service. If you're busy, respond by being nice, not acting like a surly douchebag. My partner and my son had been here before and thought it was pretty good. The last time, it was a bit busy so we decided to try to seat ourselves. We were told by some angry guy that the area we were going to was closed. That's fine.  We walked back to the bar to wait and we were utterly ignored for 15 minutes. I finally mentioned to Mr. Angry that we could go somewhere else, and that seemed to please him a great deal.  And so we will, always, given that there are three other fantastic--and friendly--pho places within walking distance.
Update:  +2 for the manager taking the time to contact me and apologize for his employee's appallingly inappropriate behavior.  He was even nice enough to offer me a gift certificate, but I have a job and I'm not looking for free food--I'm specifically looking for a positive experience in a restaurant, particularly when I'm starving, have already dealt with parking, and have my young son in tow.This place is improving. Came back for another try. This time I dined in instead and ordered the bo ne, pho, and torpedo shrimp. The pho and bo ne was delicious. Their homemade bread was to die for! Torpedo shrimp was alright. I just wish they add a little bit more cream cheese to it. Overall, I was happy with my visit.Some of the best Vietnamese food we have had!  The crab ra goons and duck tacos are a must! Fast and friendly service!!Great! Our waiter was super nice -- I forgot to tell him I had a peanut allergy before he brought out our food and he brought us out new food without us even asking. It made my night. The meatball pho is great - try the avocado bubble tea!Anyone who knows me knows that I am a freak for Pho. It's probably the most perfect food ever and Pho Orchid is one of the few Pho places I had never been until recently.
Pho Orchid is a pretty laid back place and I was excited to see what they had to offer. I got my usual pork spring rolls appetizer and eye round steak and brisket Pho. The spring rolls were really good. The pork was flavorful and the rolls were a good size. The Pho was okay- it was nothing overly spectacular but I definitely enjoyed it enough to return next time I am looking for lunch in the area.
I think this spot is probably best for "to go" food pick up, because the tables are pretty small and I felt a little cramped. It wasn't a huge issue, just an observation.This is a welcome option on St Charles Ave. Hop off the streetcar at Jackson and grab a bowl of pho, or their Spicy Beef Soup (Bun Bo Hue) or their Vietnamese Crepe (Banh Xeo). Everything is good. Really. Full bar and attentive service round out this great new place!Above average Pho, just never enough meat in my opinion. Always have had good service there and it's a clean, professional place. Lunch special is a great go-to if you're uptown.This review is based on the service only and not the food. 
Came to Nola for Halloween! Following day, I had a craving for pho. I checked around on yelp to see any place close by was open and this one fit our bill. Paid 11 dollars to taxi from my hotel. I arrived  at 8:10 and noticed there was a closed sign on the door despite their business hours stating that they open until 9pm. Walked inside and was promptly shooed out. The staffs explanation was that it is a full house and we cannot accommodate Anymore people, even though there was about 5 empty tables and I can see more in the back. Pho is supposed to be quick service so I don't understand why we couldn't be served. Waste of my time and money. 
TLDR: came in 50 min before closing and wasn't allowed to dine in regardless of there being a bunch of empty tables. 20 bucks for a round trip taxi for nothing.My 3rd visit to Pho Orchid in a week because they are close to my house. I really wanted to like this place. i ordered the Korean Beef to go and had the same experience as the first visit. 3 very small slices of fatty beef. I complained to the gentleman at the bar and was told the amounts used are prepackaged. He walked off and didn't look back. I din't get upset but I won't go back.I love this place!  The service is always prompt and the food is always fresh. Never a problem with customer service or the food. They are always there to accommodate your needs are a reasonable price. Their  lunch specials are awesome and the drinks.. even better!Superb.  My wife had veggies with shrimp and I had the Pho bowl.  We also had egg rolls.  All excellent.First time in. Nice clean restaurant. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty.  I planned on getting Pho but ended up getting one of the weekly specials which was the scallops with veggies.  $9.95.  The food came out hot and there were good sized scallops and the dark sauce had a fantastic taste with hints of garlic and ginger.  This is a great little restaurant and very reasonably priced for a restaurant on St Charles.  The staff was friendly, prompt and knowledgeable. We will be back for sure.A good, no frills pho place in my neighborhood. Good atmosphere and has a nice little bar. Excellent service. I'm here a lot. 5 stars why not.Great Vietnamese food on one of America's most beautiful streets! The pho here is a bit different; one reviewer was caught off guard by the savory-sweet broth. There's just a hint of anise in their broth that gives it a welcome individuality. Try the Bun Bo Hue on a cool day to warm you up; split an Orchid Pizza (Banh Xeo) with a few people for a different appetizer, and try your hand at rolling lettuce wraps. Oh-and finish off with some delicious Vietnamese coffee! All in all, a welcome addition to St. Charles Avenue!Won't come back due to the horrible service from the lady bartender. Many times I came in to pick up my carry out, she always forget my sauce for my vermicelli bowls and rice platter. I have to consume my food plain. If I can give 0 stars I would.Coming from the SF Bay Area, we have had our share of excellent Pho and Vietnamese food.  Our dinner at Pho Orchid was easily as good, if not the best we have had.  I had the rare steak Pho and my wife had curry.  Superb!Excellent drinks from the full bar.  This place appears to be a bit of a sleeper.  Not to be missed!Uptown location is excellent. The pho was outstanding. The best broth in town!  Also great was the Vietnamese crepe. The tacos were okay. Service was good. It seems they do a brisk business with tourists from nearby hotels, but the quality of the food is not compromised one bit!  Very reasonably priced, too. A great meal and my new favorite Vietnamese restaurant!Just left this great place. Early dinner for the kids and me. We started out with the asian fries which is new to the menu for happy hour I think. They were delicious.  The service was great also. We'll definitely go back.The Pho here is good however it has a sweetness to it which I  am not used to. There is better pho and Vietnamese food around but when it comes to location I would choose this place most the time. 
Bar is nice and egg rolls are good too. 
I would recommend it!Had a late dinner here one evening around 10pm. The restaurant is a bit small, with not much room to feel comfortable. Our server is nice, so no complaint there. Now on to the food. 
Ordered: duck tacos appetizer, fried wings, Bo ne, and rice with grilled pork. 
-Duck tacos were ok. Had better elsewhere (pho bistreaux).
-Fried wings with butter is a disappointment. I was expecting wings to be deep fried and then cook in some kind of garlic butter sauce. Instead, I got regular fried wings top off with burnt onions. It tasted quite bland. My bf and I each ate one piece. The rest I took home for my babies(dogs).
-My bf order the rice with grilled pork. Entree came with white rice,vegetables,and two pieces of grilled pork. Total waste of money. He took one bite of pork and didn't even bother to try another bite. I took one bite myself and that was enough for me too.  No seasoning on pork. No flavor.
-I had the Bo ne dish. And I must say this is quite tasty.  Chunks of beef and two sunny side up eggs cooked a hot skillet. It also came with bread, butter and pate spread. The sauce on the skillet is hot and flavorful. This dish is the only thing that I would recommend trying. 
So to sum up my experience. Decor C, service B, food C-. I probably won't go back. There are so many other better vietnamese restaurant to choose from in the city.Ordered the Orchid Combination Pho and pork & shrimp spring rolls to take out. First, you must order the large Pho to take out......so happy because I have a great midnight snack and all I have to do is reheat the absolutely delicious broth. The spring rolls were filled with crunchy fresh ingredients and tasty pork and shrimp. Great dipping sauce with just the right hint of heat. 
The Pho flavors are still dancing in my mouth. Beefy broth, freshest veggies, cilantro, basil and bean sprouts. Soooo glad I have seconds in the fridge. 
I will definitely be returning here before the last day of my vacation.PLOP PLOP, FIZZ FIZZ, OH WHAT A RELIEF IT IS....GROSS!!! Maybe because "Pho" was in the name I should have ordered that, but come on! Ewwwww I still haven't eaten a full meal since I ate here, I  am finally getting back to solid foods. I got the shrimp fried rice and tofu fresh rolls. I knew when I was eating it that something was "wrong." The little shrimp in the fried rice that looked like dirt were "Chernobyl" orange in color and tasted bad. I think there was an uncooked one in there somewhere but I just covered it up by the overly dry, horrible tasting rice. The fresh roll tofu was going slightly bad, and the lettuce inside was old and the rice paper was slightly dry and chewy, but I ate them anyway because the rice was so bad and I was starving. I didn't have full blown food poisioning, but I had a slight version of it that makes me never want to eat Asian food again for a while.
The one star goes to the great staff and clean place. Full bar. Everyone else who has written reviews must have been drunk or the pho is better. Sorry but I am being brutally honest here.My husband and I come here so often they put our order in when we walk in.  We get the same thing every. single. time.  Why?  Because it's delicious. Literally every single time we leave so completely contented from our meal.  I get the brisket pho and my husband gets the combination pho.  We top it off with taro tea and tapioca.
We have definitely ventured out and gotten each type of spring roll and they're AMAZING but splitting the spring rolls and eating pho is just too much food for two people.  But if you're hungry and you like authentic Vietnamese pho, this is the place to go!The food is decent. The pork bahn mi and chicken bahn mi are both good. The pho broth is a little sweet for my taste. The staff is always attentive. My one complaint about this place is that I'm never quite sure if it'll be open. Hours are posted as 11am - 2am, closed Wednesday. I've tried to go here several times after 10pm and it's always closed. It'd be nice if the hours on the website and posted on the door were accurate. Definitely go for lunch, but don't count on it for a late dinner.Unfortunately, I had to update my 5 star to a 3 star. 
Service is not up to par like it use to be. There was only one server and one cook it seems. We came with a big group and one by one dish came out- imagine that frustrating scenario. We waited for about two hours to get all of our food. 
Food is still mostly tasty, except the spicy lemongrass noodle. That wonderful dish is now just blah. 
I might return if I'm just dining for two.The pho was DELICIOUS.  The staff VERY FRIENDLY and accommodating.   the egg rolls were fab and I finally have found my go to pho place in uptown (and I have tried them all!). thank God for this gemOn a cold, rainy day during mardi gras, my friend and I just wanted to grab lunch near our place and started walking down St Charles.  Most every place was closed or just not that veg friendly for me.  As we walked down, catching some items from the parades rolling by, we happened to notice this one open and I'm so glad we did!  I ordered the veg pho noodle soup which I usually don't seem to find anywhere and boy was it just what the doctor ordered for the cold I caught.    They brought fresh basil, and not the American basil, bean sprouts and lime which helped add a little freshness and flavor to the soup.  I tend to like my soups a little sour so I added some vinegar to it and of course sriracha sauce to spice it up a bit.   Service was great at the place and being that it was mardi gras, there was a security guard sitting in the restaurant to make sure none of the drunk partiers were getting rowdy.It was just ok. I was not impressed with the Spicy pho noodles. The location is great but they didn't have a great selection of wine.Was looking for a nice Pho on a cold rainy day and found it here.  Delicious Pho with white meat chicken, fresh veggies and flavorful broth.  Clean restaurant with friendly staff.  Our food arrived quickly and was nice a hot.  We also had the chicken spring rolls, very fresh and delicious.I'm a big fan of the other two Pho Orchid locations in Metairie but this one needs serious intervention by management ASAP! I'm done with this location until at least the end of Carnival and I had been excited about it as it is near my home and I had planned on eating here often BUT this is not up to par with the other locations. They have a limited Mardi Gras menu with jacked up prices and only are doing to go orders. I wasn't happy about discovering this after walking down from my house! Next on arriving home and opening the package I find I've been given a mostly uncooked "Pho kit" with raw meat and noodles with the broth separate. I stir fried the beef and noodles as the broth had no heat to cook it. Thank God I was home and not trapped on the street trying to eat this mess but I think I need a refund after having to cook my own food. Unfortunately it seems I didn't cook it enough as I've had non-stop stomach issues since eating this worst pho experience of my life and it has ruined my Carnival fun for the weekend! I'm not happy and I hope management takes rapid action to fix the unacceptable situation at this location!I had pho and the torpedo shrimps an they were really good, got my food in a really good amount of time, i ate before a parade and it was almost full, but they only had a bartender who was the waiter and a server, they need more staff for days like that. I cant complaint about the foodVery good. The hot beef soup is great!! Pork spring rolls are great!! Very reasonable price. 3 meals and 2 orders of spring rolls $41!!!Wonderful food and the night's waiter, Chris was most helpful and congenial. We came on a night with terrible weather. They had decided to close early because of the storm but when we walked in, they graciously remained open and made us feel most welcome.  The shaking beef was especially good but everything was fresh and flavorful. Even my who was not keen in having Vietnamese is now a convert. Recommend to all.They deliver within 2 miles (which is not publicized too much)... yay!!!!  Free if order is above $20, small delivery fee if order is below $20.  Also, their pho came in the best take out bowls I have ever came across for pho... great set-up!  
The pho was amazing and had the spring rolls too.  Service was friendly and fairly quick (40 min delivery).  Overall, so glad I found this place and will be ordering from them again!This place doesn't close at midnight as Yelp says. Another couple we saw outside were also disappointed. 
1. They need to fix there times on Yelp.
2. There were employees inside who didn't even bother to answer the phone. 
The listing needs to be fixed asap to avoid confusion to patrons.To celebrate the Vietnamese New Year, and this awfully cold water, I decided to order some pho to go. 
It's not the fault of these great restaurants that I'm inept at my attempts to eat pho and the confusion as to whether I should be using a fork or a spoon, or a spork. So my only option with pho is to usually eat it at home...and alone so no one sees me looking like Dr. Zoidberg of Futurama or Davy Jones of "The Pirates of the Caribbean", but enough about me, let's talk pho!
I placed my order, and it was ready when I got there. While $20 does seem a little pricey for one person, my order of a largo combo pho and Korean beef tacos (4 mini tacos to an order) could've been easily split into two mini meals if I wasn't hoggin' out. 
Ok, for those that aren't savvy in the dishes of a spot like Pho Orchid (and totally new to Vietnamese) Bun Vermicelli doesn't refer to those delicious fluffy buns you see in pics. That may have happened to "a friend" once who was utterly confused...If you want those fluffy buns with just the right amount of sweetness, it's the tacos and my favorite, thus far, are the Korean beef that have a nice crunch with carrot and cucumber, some slivers of tasty beef, and fresh with cilantro. 
Their pho has a great cinnamon-y smell and I like how well it's all packaged. I want to say the combo has a little bit of everything for the indecisive type (right here). If fresh jalapeño makes you flinch a little in fear of heart burn, chop those puppies up before mixing it into your pho with the fresh basil, sprouts, and squeeze of lime. 
For my dinner of one, I usually have sriracha and ponzu sauce on hand because sriracha goes great with nearly everything, and ponzu gives just a little bit more kick to the pho. 
In terms of to go, Pho Orchid is pretty great even if you got to put on your flashers for a hot second and park illegally!Nothin but good to say about this place. Came here today in search of some good pho and found it along with great service from the guys that work here. Some of the best pho broth I've had in awhile complete with all the trimmings. I ordered the brisket pho which had plenty of thick, tender pieces of brisket. My husband ordered his pho with tripe and tendon and he loved it. Also ordered the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk. De-lish-ish. Definitely will be visiting this place again.This was my first experiment with pho. It was ok, I very much liked the aromatics in the soup that open your sinuses. I think that this is just average pho and that there are better versions out there. I hope to try them soon.This is not the same pho orchid as in Metairie. That place is amazing. I knew this place as it was before and the same mediocre food. Don't be fooled by the name change. It only hurts the reputation of pho orchid in Metairie, which by the way I've been once and highly impressed.You probably don't know, even among Vietnamese, that a fresh raw egg adds a rich taste to your pho. I used to have a raw egg on the side when I was a kid in Vietnam. Coming to this restaurant, I didn't expect much from them. But when I ordered a raw egg, they correctly serve me one in broth on the side. That's when I realize they know what they are doing. Unlike Vietnamese cafe on Magazine street disappointing me by serving cilantro with my pho. It's a dish often imitated. But to have it together is not quite easy. Will come back.I had two orders of spring rolls, one pork and one tofu. Both were great! I had a small bowl of meatball pho which was more than large enough. The broth was really tasty. I prefer my meatballs to be spicy, and these were not. But no worries, the siracha was liberally applied and the meal was quickly consumed."They get a star just for existing and being open on Sunday. First, they got our order wrong. They got a bum outside begging for money and harassing people. They don't even give us f**** sprouts or anything!!! The peanut sauce sucks, spring rolls tasted like they've been sitting there for days, the meatballs are disgusting, tasted like a chewy sponge, a moldy sponge. Actually, forget the bum, he's irrelevant. If you're gunna own a restaurant, do it right or don't do it at all."
These are some of the words my boyfriend is spouting off as he is very displeased at the to-go meal we just had (and didn't really eat at all). 
We ordered takeout from this place, as it's close to our house and I've read good reviews. When I called to order, I double checked to make sure they got the order right: a brisket pho, a chicken pho, and spring rolls. He repeated it and all was correct. Get home to find we had a meatball pho instead of the chicken. Strike one. I ordered a milk tea with tapioca balls while I waited, which was probably my favorite part of this whole "ordeal."
The place seemed pretty busy and there were maybe only two people working the front of house. The food looked pretty good. I feel like sometimes you need to sit down and have a bowl of pho in the actual restaurant instead of taking it to go, in order to get the full experience.. I had high hopes. I noticed that they charged me for large soups, even though I wasn't asked if I wanted small or large when I ordered.This isn't a big deal, except when I get home and the portion seems pretty small to me. Definitely not worth the 9$. 
Spring rolls were bland and obviously not fresh, peanut sauce tasted like it was cheap store-bought stuff. The broth was nothing special, just kind of salty water. Even the noodles weren't cooked right. They give you a small bag with a measly spring of basil and a couple jalapenos. I like getting sprouts and a little bit more basil. My boyfriend couldn't even eat the meatballs. The brisket in my soup was okay.
Overall, this was just not a good experience. I am hoping they were just having an off night. The location is great, right on St. Charles, and they had a nice big bar in the front with 2 big screen TVs.  The lady who helped me was very nice, but unfortunately that's not enough for me to make a return visit soon. Sad :(Awful "soft noodles" dish. Sauce tastes watered-down (it drowns the noodles in water) and tastes bad. My mom's pho was decent. My bro's duck bao were average. Though I also had wonton soup which was good I guess. I took the noodles to go as the portion was generous but I never felt like eating them after so I threw them away... (For ref my family is chinese-vietnamese).I used to order delivery from here often but they are under new management :( aside from that, i love their pho. A lot of people prefer Lilly's but I find their broth to be a bit overpowering. Also, their buns are amazing (no pun intended).Amazing! $5 bathroom bracelets SAVED our bachelorette party during Mardi Gras (we only had to pee illegally maybe 30% of the time)... Not to mention the finest NOLA cuisine and best Pho slingers on the block! Thanks Tommy and crew for taking care of our soupy, drunken cravings.I ate dinner here last night and the pho was decent but the spring rolls I had were not good with the sauce they provided. Also, there should be more than one waitress on staff for dinner time.I'm not quite sure how food can be both Vietnamese and French, but whatever they're doing at Pho Orchard is pretty tasty. My recommendation: Get the pho! It's a conglomeration of salty savory broth, meat, and soft noodles cooked to perfection. You can add baby bean sprouts, mint branches, and lime to your liking. Watch out for the jalapeños though, unless you like your pho hotter than hellfire and brimstone, I'd stay away from those jalapeños! What's not so hot, and the reason for only 4 stars, is the service... It took a lifetime for the check, and another reincarnation for them to return to take my payment. I was tempted to just up and leave while they got their ish together, but food that good needed to be paid for. Pho real!