What a great idea. Casual delicious picnic type foods with cocktails. We have the pimento cheese which is so stretchy and cheesy you cut it with a scissors.  And the 6 piece got fried chicken. It isn't hot without the pepper mash and you can control the heat on your own. The mash itself is spicy but not too hot and tangy. We went on a Saturday at 4pm and had no wait at all.Disappointing  ! I was really looking forward to some great fried chicken what I got was dry flat pieces of ok tasting chicken. I understand it was supposed to be served with some crystal mash didn't get that.My husband and I sat at the bar we were not welcomed by the bartender she seemed to be in a terrible mood made our visit very uncomfortable didn't ask how anything was or if we would like a refill of or drinks ,she also sat on the floor texting .I really expected more from this group of owners. I also overheard the waiter telling another guest all the things they were out of one was coke really run to the store for goodness sake .The spicy chicken "basket" was incredibly delicious - 4-5 big fillets of spicy goodness. Definitely a good thing to split between 2 people just add an extra cornbread biscuit. The s'mores dessert was also great to split.We had great food and great service. We tried the fish collars, pig dip, and chicken basket. All of the food was delicious but the chicken basket was the Star. It was nice to have boneless chicken and it was topped with dehydrated crystal peppers. I also enjoyed the crisp vegetable medley that accompanied it, as well as the cornbread. Overall it was one of the best meals we've had. The staff were very friendly and gave good recommendations. I will definitely be back.Cute place with some interesting touches (ie our bill was brought in a John Grisham paperback), but pretty underwhelming overall.  We started with a very mediocre chicken Cobb-like salad and then all shared the fried chicken.  The chicken was boneless and not nearly as good as even Popeyes.  The menu is extremely limited and our waiter told us they "no longer serve crab in the restaurant" which reduced the menu items even further as crab accounted for three of the options.I want to preface this review by saying that I by no means want to bring negative attention to this restaurant with this review. I saw Picnic on several "best new restaurant in New Orleans" lists and I thought I'd give it a shot. My girlfriend ordered the fried chicken sandwich and I ordered the basket, we got the potato and bacon soup to start and it was the highlight of the meal. 
Chicken sandwich: okay but nothing special, no flavors were overwhelming or special, pretty basic but it looks nice. 
Chicken Basket: the appearance was great but the chicken just doesn't deliver. No matter what you do to the chicken, the crystal pulp, hot sauce, ketchup; it always just tasted bland. 
I expected much more from the chicken but it's really average, it's not anywhere near a place like Willie Mae's. And no to be mean, but I think I'd also opt for Popeyes.I have been hearing great things about this place since they opened and I was excited to finally try it. I felt a little bad as my boyfriend and I were the last ones inside the place (well before closing!), but that just meant we got all the attention. Everything was great! We got the pimento cheese to start and I could have eaten another one of these. We each got the crawfish boil fried chicken sandwich and the cornbread biscuit cake and split an order of the potatoes. The cornbread cake was great as side and sweet enough to be desert. The chicken sandwich was piled high and full of flavor. The potatoes were also great. My only regret is that we did not have room for the s'mores dessert. We will be back soon for that.This is one of my all time favorite places. The food is incredible, the staff is friendly, and the drinks are excellent!The restaurant is adorable. Light and airy with a real casual feel. There were three of us and we ordered one cheese on the board, two biscuits, the pork debris and egg biscuit, the chicken salad, and the pig dip sandwich. The cheese was fine and nicely arranged. The biscuits were delicious-a cornbread and biscuit hybrid. The entrees were just okay. The pork debris and egg biscuit was supposed to have a poached egg but it arrived boiled solid. Our server quickly brought him another one properly poached. The mix of the honey with the debris gravy was just off. All three of us tasted it and agreed that it was not good. My son ate just the egg and the dry biscuit parts he could find. My chicken salad had a lot heat to it which I didn't expect. It's a cold salad but the chicken is spicy. I thought I was getting chicken salad (like tuna salad) but it was an actual salad with all the ingredients separate. Again, it was okay. My husband liked his sandwich alright but said he wouldn't go back. What we did agree on is the s'mores. Delicious and enough for 3. Also, they served espresso in a water glass. Weird. Our server was great. I don't think we will return.There are hardly any good late(r) night spots here, and amongst that exclusive group are very few notable places. P&P is notable - the chicken was amazing, the service wonderful (Ian), and the restaurant atmosphere is so detail-oriented. I really enjoyed my experience, and I hope this place stays in uptown for a long time running. Also the s'mores cookie dough dessert is 11/10. DONT MISS OUT ON THIS PLACE!!Meh, it was OK. I guess I had high expectations (I mean come on, crawfish boil chicken sounds amazing) but it just didn't reach those expectations. I really didn't taste the prominent crawfish boil flavor I was expecting; instead it just tasted like regular spicy fried chicken. Also was disappointed that there was no pepper mash like I'd seen in photos. Cornbread biscuit was good.I came tonight with my boyfriend and friends. My waitress page was phenomenal. She had a lot of knowledge of the menu and provided wonderful recommendations. 
The food was some of the best I've had in years. I was a little disappointed in the dirty martini. My boyfriend felt his old fashioned to be poorly made as well. Other than that, love this place. We will  be back and hope for better drink quality. 
Overall, great atmosphere great food and warm service.AMAZING FOOD. Started off with the tomato soup & grilled cheese ( SO EXCELLENT ) , and followed with the friend chicken, potatoes & boudin. 
Lets just say we were saying Yum to every bite. 
We finished off with the s'mores dessert & would %10000 recommend to stuff your tummys with that as well.
Our server Will was super accommodating & really professional.
We will definitely be making this our new dinner place & recommending to friendsI needed a to-go order that I could take with me.
Picnic and Provisions did not disappoint! When I arrived my order wasn't quite ready yet (I'm sure they were out picking fresh collard greens or slaughtering the chicken - the food was *that* fresh), so I took a seat at the bar to wait.
Everyone in the restaurant greeted me warmly and with big smiles. I didn't see a single cell phone out the entire time I was there! The bar had a very limited, but impressive, selection of liquor for cocktails. The cocktail menu had a selection of six cocktails to choose from and I chose the "black tie affair". I'm very particular about the way someone prepares my gin, but I shouldn't have worried.
The bartender, David, was amazing! He had an easy-going, professional demeanor and definitely knew his way around a drink! It was one of the best classic vespers I've had in this city in a long time.
My experience at the restaurant was wonderful, but the true treat was once I arrived back at my house. Oh my GOODNESS. The crawfish boil chicken fried sandwich was the singular best chicken sandwich I've ever had in New Orleans, hands down.The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the pickles were at the perfect ratio to make every bite wonderful. I also ordered the collard greens and tomato basil soup. The collard greens were wonderfully seasoned and were insanely fresh. The tomato basil soup was my least favorite part of the meal, but was also quite delicious. It just wasn't anything special.
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant! I can't wait to bring my best friend here this weekend for lunch!This restaurant is experiencing a serious identity crisis. Although the location is well decorated and the staff friendly, the menu leaves one confused and slightly disappointed. 
Fried chicken is the obvious champion of this spot. I ordered "Crawfish Boil Fried Chicken Basket" which includes 6 pieces of fried chicken (dark/light boneless mix), sweet cornbread, and "Louisiana crawfish boil" vegetables. 
The meat was perfectly brined, tender, and fried hard to a crispy finish. If only I could order the fried chicken by itself... It's easily one of the best recipes in the city. The vegetables on the other hand were overall bland and out of place. Price wise, it's not a good deal. 
I also tried the Pork Debris and Egg Biscuit. The gravy was thicker than peanut butter and too sticky to enjoy. 
Is it a picnic or a crawfish boil? The restaurant could benefit from focusing on what's working and cutting what doesn't. More side dishes, and better deals on fried chicken!It was a pretty "instagram-worthy" display, but I did not love the taste and flavor. I thought the chicken was dry - there wasn't too much meat on the bones either.I was super excited for this but was really disappointed. The thought of chicken brined in crawfish seasoning seemed like genius! The interior is nice and the service was excellent. But the food was mediocre at best. First of all, the chicken is boneless and I believe skinless. WHY? Why on earth would you make fried chicken that way? Means less crunch, less moisture, less good. And the main seasoning I got was salt, which went for the rest of the meal too. We had two of the salads, which both tasted identical despite different ingredients, and which were both unremarkable. Tomato fennel soup was super salty.  The smores dessert was really bad -- how can you make a baked smores somehow tasteless? Couldn't taste chocolate, just a few graham crackers on the side that had gotten soft from the steam in the casserole... The best thing we had was the smoked fish dip,which was absolutely delicious. 
All in all -- eh. Sadly despite high hopes, I won't be going back.After reading about the restaurant and the pedigree owners, it was on our bucket list to try the food.  Needless to say, we were disappointed in both the food and the service.  For instance, prior to ordering the pimento cheese from the Happy Hour menu, we asked our server if anything came with it.  She answered it was served with "saltine crackers".  It was not saltine crackers, but more of a wafer for dipping.  Although the presentation of the pimento cheese was elegant, there was not much in the dish.  In addition, it was very greasy.
We then inquired about the Hot Crawfish Fried Chicken Basket.  Our concern was how hot was it.  The same server told us it was spicy, but not so hot that you had to drink water after each bite.  Being the first time there, I asked if the basket included a breast, wing, thigh, etc. and was told that she didn't know what was white meat and what was dark meat, but that it came all together.  We ordered it anyway, and after a couple bites of the boneless chicken, our mouths were numb.  It was so hot, not even the cornbread biscuit could cut the hotness.  
We decided we had had enough and requested the remaining food be boxed up.  I doubt if we will visit this restaurant again.  If we are in the area again, we would opt to go to Reginelli's across the street.This is a review specifically for Picnic's crawfish.  In short, they were terrible.  I was interested in trying them out because I like a lot of things from Picnic, but crawfish was not one of them.  Shari V and I ordered 2 pounds to test the waters and I'm so glad we didn't get more.  They were small, lots of cracked or damaged crawfish, under-seasoned and overcooked.  At the end of the platter, Shari V and I were just laughing about how bad these were.  
After the two pounds, we walked over to Monkey Hill bar.  They also have crawfish on Fridays.  In short, we will not be back to Picnic for the crawfish under any circumstance.  2 stars is generous on this one.I was sooooo excited to try this restaurant out after reading a couple of articles about it before they opened. When I saw "Crawfish Boil Fried Chicken", I just had to try it! I tried it the second week after they opened, and I was lucky enough to come when it wasn't busy yet. I came with a large group and the servers were very welcoming and accommodating. I knew the restaurant was small, but there were more seats than I expected. My friends and I had their Crawfish Boil HOT Fried Chicken Basket, Crawfish Boil HOT Fried Chicken Sandwich, Salad, Heirloom Tomato Soup, Campfire S'mores.
The décor and atmosphere were nice. It smelled like fresh wood, which was different to what I'm used to. Really makes you feel like you're really about to have a picnic. The food didn't take too long to come out for me, but for a couple of my friends it took much longer. The Fried Chicken Basket came with awesome pieces of chicken that were fried nicely. They're boneless, flattened, and came with Crystal Hot Sauce Pepper Mash which really made the dish for me. Sadly though, I did not taste anything related to crawfish boil seasoning in the batter, but it was good nonetheless. I added the pepper mash to every bite of my friend chicken. I was a bit disappointed in the crawfish boil sides. I expected it to really taste like it came from a New Orleans Crawfish Boil. The portions were small and not as flavorful. I thought the smoky sausage would be sausage links like in crawfish boils, but they weren't. I really liked the fried chicken sandwich. They put both white and dark meat in the sandwich and topped it off with a nice and creamy sauce and homemade pickles. In combinations with the brioche bun, it was an overall delicious chicken sandwich! 
We were already so full from our food, but we were ready for dessert! One of the servers brought out the campfire s'mores and it came with a half-baked cookie with a giant marshmallow on top. The server enthusiastically torched it up with a blow torch! It was something really fun and different. It was the perfect dessert to end our meal with! 
Overall, a nice spot to have lunch with friends. The atmosphere was nice, and the service was prompt. It's a different approach to fried chicken, but I accept it with open arms!I feel like this corner restaurant spot always has issues... I really wanted to like this new spot more, but...
I thought it was pricey for what it is. And as a non-meat eater, it was hard to find something on the menu. I mean who opens a new spot without thinking about vegetarians or maybe event Lent in our extremely Roman Catholic city. The menu on the website is not the menu that I experience in the restaurant (just an FYI). I had verified that there was a shrimp dish that I would eat online. But it was not on the menu when I was on site. No big... there's a shrimp salad... that included burnt ends. No thanks. My friend got the hot fried chicken salad. 
So both salads were good. My friends said that her chicken wasn't that spicy after the first bite. Mine had some nice kick to it. Both were a bit on the high side. We also ordered a starter of one of the cheeses of the day. The presentation was lovely but the amount of cheese on the plate for $7 was sort of sad. That was just a bit of a snack for me!
My old fashioned was tasty and my friend also had a lovely cocktail but I can't remember the name. 
Service was good and they did a nice job sprucing it up since the last restaurant. But the prices are too high for it to last.Food was pretty decent but they leave their doors wide open so you'll be swarmed by gnats the whole meal.I had an incredible lunch, an unusual combination of Chon de Late with egg an a delicious fused cornbread/biscuit.  The pork was perfectly smoked and so delicious!  I will most definitely go back!  Magazine & State Streets.  Yummy yummy yummyWent here for lunch today, and ti was delicious!  There was almost no wait for a group of 6, and as soon as we sat down the waiter was pouring water and asking about drinks.  Our orders were all placed correctly and we didn't have to wait very long for our food.  We all ordered something different, and everyone enjoyed what they had.  The breaded chicken was a little spicy for one of my coworkers, but she still enjoyed it.
Also, you should try the Cornbread Cake Biscuit - so good!Just by the name you would think this place is family friendly...but it's far from that! We sat down with two kids and asked for a kids menu and the server said "we don't really cater to children!" So that should have been our cue to walk out! The rest of the time I felt like they wanted us to get out of there, rushing our meal and trying to take our plates before we were even done. The food was tasty but not enough to act like SABA down the street. I would understand it from a place like that...this place, not so much! You have a bean toss set up outside? If you don't want kids, perhaps you should card at the door! Half the patrons had children and most of them asked about a kids menu. Guess what, the place before you didn't cater to children and they are no longer in business. Learn a little bit about your community! On top of that I overheard one of the staff members say my son was like the Tasmanian devil!! Really?After  walking all of magazine street in the humidity (from Chicago where it's cold) Picnic was a saving grace. We were greeted by a friendly crew. The decor is so on point and you can tell they're dedicated to the picnic craft. The bartender was awesome and we felt like we were hanging out with friends. Wish I could give her a shout out but didn't catch her name. 
We had paradise park brews and split the House salad. It was bomb!! Not your traditional creole/Cajun but give this place a chance!! 
P.S. Cleanest bathroom is all of New Orleans.The food is either way too spicy or extremely bland and tasteless.  We were hoping it would be a neighborhood "go to" place, and it is quite cute and nicely done but food is terrible.  Only thing to go for is spicy fried chicken, and Popeye's does it best!This is an inexplicably tone deaf, pretentious, inauthentic, whitewashed imitation of a Southern neighborhood restaurant that misses the mark, literally from beginning to end of the dining experience. 
Authentic local restaurants which this is imitating, like the old Eddie's on Law Street, have limited menus because there's generally only one person cooking in a very small space. This spacious establishment, which has been lovingly and expensively renovated to look like a Johnny Rockets tricked out by a Manhattan branding agency, has an unnecessarily and ridiculously limited menu. I had the pretentiously crab-boil fried chicken, the greens, and a shrimp salad. The chicken was tender but by comparison, if you like fried chicken you'll be just as happy with Popeyes or Brothers, which you can buy at local gas stations. The shrimp salad was a remoulade not unlike everybody else's and the greens were standard issue and unremarkable. The biscuit was first class, and the only truly good item I tried. (Not even worth mentioning is the garnish which is dehydrated Crystal Hot Sauce, and I'm not kidding, that's what it apparently is.)
I was greeted at the door by an over-solicitous, insincerely super-happy African American bus boy who insisted on unnecessarily sweeping the floor under the table I chose to sit at, and was waited on by a very uncomfortable African American woman who was clearly reciting sales lines she had been taught to describe to sell dishes. I mention the fact that both these people were African American because being waited on by young, coached, African American people in a predominantly white Uptown New Orleans fried chicken restaurant added to the discomfort and dislocation of the whole experience. 
The final tone deaf insult came with the check. The check was delivered in a desecrated paperback book which the waitress invited us to further desecrate by writing comments to add to others that included at first glance such plaudits as "fuckin awesome."
Whichever branding company is responsible for this pretentious and insulting horror show might be able to pull off a concept restaurant like this in Las Vegas or even Natchez, Mississippi, but, please, not here in New Orleans. If they don't make some changes I wouldn't expect this place to last very long.Nice atmosphere and decor. We had the cheese, potato soup and cornbread which were good. Service was great. Not sure about the return due to lack of more vegetarian options.Favorite hang out uptown! Great food, drinks and service. I always have a great time there, and my servers are full of great recommendations.Picnic has delicious food and the most friendly wait staff I think I've ever encountered! I went there twice on a recent visit to New Orleans and I'm still thinking about how great the food and cocktails were! On both occasions we had the sweetest and most helpful waitresses! They were truly delightful to talk to and clearly took pride in the fantastic food at Picnic and their wonderful city.This a great local find.  Excellent food. Friendly service.  The menu is authentic and worth the visit.Picnic Provisions & Whiskey was a delightful find.  They were on the Coolinary List for New Orleans restaurants and we decided to stop by.  Everything that we had was very good.  The shrimp roll was so tasty and the crawfish boil fried chicken had just the right amount of heat.  
But the S'mores were the best.  It was chocolate with pretzels and potato chips inside with an extra large marshmallow on top that they flame at the table.  
The service was excellent and very attentive without being overbearing. 
It is on the small size and not too good for large groups.  Very child friendly.Had been hoping to try this place for a while after looking at the menu online - multiple crab dishes and a blue fin tuna salad all looked amazing.  Somehow in the span of a couple months of being open, they went from multiple seafood/fish options to literally just the smoked fish collar dip.  When I pointed this out, the solution was to take the burnt ends out of the salad.  When I said that wasn't really what I wanted/expected, I was told the restaurant was not vegan-friendly.  (Important note - I am not vegan, nor did I ask for anything vegan).
Really disappointed with this place.  I've lived in New Orleans for over a decade now and this is the first restaurant I've been to that couldn't give me a fish/seafood or vegetarian entree - that includes Cochon and Boucherie, two restaurants with meat-influenced names.
I hope, for their own sakes, they remedy this before Lent.Three New Orleans icons got together to create and open this place. You got to love the story the preparation and the results. 
See my photos, I love the inside of this place. The decor is beautiful and love the music jukebox. 
We tried many things, the biscuit/ cake concept, this was good. 
The salad was outstanding. The fried chicken plate was very good. And then the campfire cookie Doug dessert was outstanding. 
The service was above average today. 
Overall 4.5 and we will return again. 
Enjoy!This place is great food is awesome drinks are great staff is very friendly strongly recommendedReally great food and really great prices. We ordered two entrees, two appetizers, one side, and a beer and it was $57! All the food was amazing but the things we ordered were pretty spicy so if spice isn't your thing make sure to ask the waiter about what you're ordering. The service was also fantastic! I would recommend coming here with a large group or families a lot of the appetizers and the fried chicken basket are great for sharing!
What we ordered: 
-boudin egg rolls: this was the special appetizer and it was incredible. It was really spicy but had a great flavor and would definitely recommend getting this if it is offered when you go 
-smoked fish dip: the fish dip was really tasty. It wasn't super spicy and had a nice citrus flavor because it had lemon on top. Bonus: if you're a member of the JCC you get it for free with the purchase of an entree 
-crawfish boil hot fried chicken basket: this is a great entree and good for a group of 4. Since we were only two we didn't finish it all but are happily eating it for dinner. It comes with an amazing cornbread biscuit that was probably one of my favorite parts of the meal 
-shrimp roll: the shrimp roll was very refreshing and delicious. I would definitely order this again! It had a great flavor and was nice to eat along with the spicy food since it was very mild 
-the crispy fingerling potato's: these were a perfect side dish and are a very good sized portion perfect for sharingFood=good; service=EXCELLENT! Samantha from San Fran was absolutely fantastic!!! She sold every dish with her awesome descriptions! She got a group of full bellies to order dessertMy husband and I loved Picnic! We had the pimento cheese dip to start and shared the fried chicken basket. It was all so delicious! And huge portion sizes. We were both very full and had plenty of leftovers to take home. Service was great too. We will be back!Bad service, bad food. Asked for a salad with no eggs because of an egg allergy, but the salad came out with eggs. There was so much mayonnaise on the chicken sandwich that we were grossed out and couldn't eat it. We also ordered the Coolinary menu and the "third course" included a frozen pina colada, which we assumed was a dessert, not a drink given its placement on the menu.  They tried to bring that out during the middle of our dinner and acted as if that was normal, when I clearly already had a drink. We were charged full price including the salad that had eggs in it.  We both feel sick today. Bad experience overall and would not go back.I decided to check this place out after seeing multiple friends visit on Instagram. I'm sure glad I checked it out! II started out first with the Spotted Greyhound cocktail. The subtle hint of pepper in this cocktail was refreshing and different, it was totally awesome. For an appetizer, I group decided on the black skillet melted pimento cheese and the Boudin egg rolls. Both were pretty stellar, the egg rolls had a kick to them. For my entree, I chose the Cochin de lait egg biscuit. Oh my gosh! This cornbread cake biscuit was to die for! Make sure to get this scrumptious biscuit and thank me later. For dessert, our table shared the s'mores. Did I mention the marshmallows are torched table side? That was an added bonus. I'm already planning on what I'll order the next time I visit, till then I'll be dreaming of the s'mores.Get the Crawfish boil fried chicken...it will not disappoint!  Literally tastes like your having some crawfish on the first bite.  The decor/atmosphere is nice and welcoming.  The pimento cheese was really good, just wish I could've gotten more.  Will bring friends by soon!We went here for Mother's Day. I have been so excited about trying this restaurant because fried chicken is one of my faves. Unfortunately it's not the best fried chicken I have ever had. The hot fried chicken was too spicy for my liking and the tenders were too hard to bite into. The other items we got like the pimento dip, cracklin' fried potatoes, and chicken salad sandwich were just ok. Service was great and very attentive. The atmosphere was very cute except for the fact that all of the doors were open which invited flies in. I can't tell you how many times we had to swat them away from our food. Not sure if I'll go back which is disappointing because I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant out.Average at best. Started off on a bad foot when I saw the weak whiskey selection. Very disappointed since it's in the name. The food was lackluster. Fish dip misses the mark- mostly sour:lemon taste. Chicken sandwich is pretty good. I won't be going back.I went for brunch with a friend last weekend. The food here is very good but the hospitality/management is so spotty that it was a bizarre experience.
All of the servers here are great, let me start with that. Our waitress was great and the other servers hanging around helped us out a bunch too. But even they seem constrained by some of the bizarre aspects of the restaurant.
For starters, our two top came with a giant basket of silverware that took up almost half of the table. We had to move it to the booth to just have room. Why does a two top need at least 10 sets of silverware in a basket? As previously complained about, the cups are super small which meant our poor waitress had to run back and forth to refill for the perpetually thirsty me. There was also no diet coke available which I thought was an isolated problem, but other reviews complain about it too so I guess it wasn't just me. Ummm...is it really difficult to ensure that regular sodas are always present? 
The menu itself has some kinks too. We both ordered the crawfish boil sandwich but when my friend asked for ketchup, we were informed that they don't carry ketchup? Ummmm...why? Also I personally get annoyed when restaurants sell a $12 sandwich without any sides. And no french fries as a side option with a fried chicken sandwich? Ok, whatever. The cornbread biscuit I got was truly excellent as was the sandwich but I want some side that I don't have to order separately. The smoked fish collar dip we started with had "too much cream cheese and not enough fish" in the words of my friend. It also came with like 4 crackers, and one of the servers anticipated that we were gonna ask for more and just brought them for us. If this is a perpetual ask, why not just send out more to begin with?
I really thought the issues we had were isolated, but after reading the other Yelp reviews it looks like these issues tend to persist which just seems to indicate that the owners (experienced restaurateurs who should know better) aren't interested in responding to customer complaints.
Also although their restaurant has been open nearly a month, their website still doesn't have a menu posted on it? What is going on?
I really did enjoy my food here and the servers are so good...but I won't be coming back unless there's some indication that these issues are addressed.Chicken was good, quite tasty especially if you like spicy chicken. The chicken was boneless and the coating is more like what is used for paneed chicken or veal and not the crunchy crackly fried skin bone-in chicken like one gets at Brothers or McHardys. It did keep quite well and was good cold the next day for lunch. Crystal hot sauce pepper topping was great mixed with mayo, better than Sciracha. Biscuits were scrumptious! Greens were extremely spicy. Chicken salad was great. Prices over the top ouch!Lovely place and yummy food! Noah was the sweetest waiter. They had there crap together during the boiled water advisory and best customer service. The chicken sandwich was the bomb and the whiskey smash was on point.The cocktails were very refreshing and the boudin egg rolls were delicious. Hubby and I both got the spicy chicken sandwich. He absolutely loved it. It's a little too spicy for my taste buds. Guess it was the Crystal hot sauce pulp that got me. 
I would definitely go back and try other menu items.Not a long review...but if you're in the area, stop in. Literally anything on their menu with chicken is worth it and so delicious you'll wonder how you ever enjoyed another piece of fried chicken before theirs.The food was very meh. The chicken sandwich comes stacked with three fried thighs, which were mostly fat, covered in a vinaigary mayo sauce and covered with thin sliced soggy cucumbers that wouldn't get out of the way.  You have to break it down just to eat it. 
The cornbread was more like a mix of cake and cornmeal covered in honey.  It was the highlight of my meal, and I give it a 2/5. 
The host was also rude when I walked in. He didn't seem very happy to be there. There were only two occupied tables when I walked in, and when I told him I'd like to sit at a certain table, it seemed to piss him off.  I watched him walk around trying to make small talk with tables as they tried to eat while people who had walked in were waiting to be seated.  The waitresses were very nice and accommodating. 
If you're going to charge me $20 for a chicken sandwich and cornbread, it better rock my world.Really don't get the fuss here. Food was average at best, but there's infinitely better fried chicken options in the city. Decor is cute (if I'm trying to be positive) but that doesn't make up for a bland sandwich. Boudin app was good, cornbread OK, but the chicken is supposed to be the star and my wife and I both thought it missed the mark.One of the best fried chicken sandwiches in New Orleans.  SO GOOD.  Great atmosphere, and very fast service.  I will be coming back to get the s'mores dessert and get more chicken sandwiches.  Yum!!  Corn bread looked amazing - just a wonderful experience all around :)Tasty moscow mule & old fashions. Shared smoked fish collar dip, BBQ shrimp roll, grilled cheese, boudin, (not so) hot crawfish boil fried chicken, and cookie dough s'mores with three others--family style. Chicken left a little to be desired in terms of flavor, but was good. Everything else was very good. Great atmosphere & decor!I didn't think to read any reviews ahead of time before my bff and I went to Picnic Provisions for lunch (on Fri 9/28), because of the reputation of the chef and owners, and the menu seemed straightforward enough. Plus, we knew we were going for the Crawfish Boil Fried Chicken "basket" (plate), which comes with 5 pieces, not 6 as shown on the pdf of the menu I'd seen online. Not a great start but still enough for two.
Most of my disappointment has already been described by the other 2 and 3 star reviews. 
We started with a house salad that I don't remember the name of. We had to ask for more dressing on the side since it all seemed to be lumped into one spot, and it was missing the blue cheese, which I guess got lost in translation because we did ask for it on the side. 
For the entree, we weren't expecting boneless, so you only get breasts and thighs. I'm not sure why that's not just specified on the menu. I didn't mind no wings but missed drumsticks. The flavor and texture were fine, and the Crystal mash helped. The 'sides' were a total disappointment. Usually when I see 'mirliton' my eyes light up but everything was just chopped up and mixed together,  including sausage in crumbles. I get that they tried to elevate crawfish boil fixins, but I didn't enjoy that presentation or the flavor. I'm not sure how it's prepared, maybe just a light sautee in crawfish boil seasoning, because the carrots and garlic were barely cooked; crunchy carrots are still edible but not raw garlic. And the one tiny piece of corn was useless, esp when splitting a plate. 
Other glitches: 1. The glass that came with my can of beer was very warm, probably right out of the dishwasher. Easy fix, I just poured my ice water into the warm glass and used my water glass for the beer instead. 2. Later when I asked for a Coke, I was told they were out -- as another reviewer mentioned, if that's really the case, just go buy some -- but a few minutes later my friend noticed another table had some. (I think all soft drinks and beers are served in cans, I guess to emphasize the picnic style.) I asked the waiter to double check, unless the other table just happened to get the last two. She did and found one for me, not cold but at least she brought ice. (You can see I have a thing with expecting my drinks to be cold, ha.)
Prices were okay and servers were friendly. None of the glitches were deal breakers and I'm sure they'll work them out over time, but the signature fried chicken dish was disappointing and I'm not tempted by the rest of the menu, so I don't see any reason to go back.For a restaurant known for their fried chicken, the pig dip was outstanding! The pimento cheese spread is a great Smokey compliment to the dish but the best component was the melted hog head au jus dip. Delicious!The best thing I had there was their pina colada. 
The waitress was a little too excited about her job and was bugging us every 3 minutes.  I think she came by three times to tell us our food was almost ready and we'd only been waiting about 15 minutes.  Came by three more times after the entree was served and tried to have a whole conversation with us while we had food in our mouths instead of just acknowledging our thumbs up and moving along.
We got a hot chicken sandwich, a naked chicken sandwich, a biscuit and the fish dip.  The fish dip was good but the crackers were wayy too salty and I like a good amount of salt.  The chicken sandwiches were fine but nothing special.  My naked chicken sandwich was kind of bland.  The biscuit was really good and was more like a cake than a biscuit.  The options for sides are also really limited and the sandwiches don't come with anything. 
The whole thing was fine but overpriced ($55 for an appetizer, two sandwiches and 2 drinks).  
Probably won't be back.We were just walking by and saw this place. We stop by for a beer and then couple of snacks and it's really really delicious. We love to stop back by and have a whole meal sometime soon. Give it a shotPhenomenal chicken and amazing service! Great place and great people! Had the hot chicken and it was hot and at the same time very flavorful. The cornbread was amazing and the egg roll special left us wanting more!I had high hopes considering the pedigree for this restaurant.   It was not to be.  Let me say first that Kalie was a super server.  Very good service.   The meal not so much.  Drinks are served in clunky short squat glasses.  On a two top table drinks and water take up space.  We had the Naked chicken sandwich and a Crawfish boil chicken salad.  The chicken was mediocre.   Sadly the salad greens were wilted and unappetizing.  Frankly I was surprised.   The dining room with includes chair caning material on the ceiling didn't feel very authentic.   If I wanted Disney I would go to Florida.   Magazine St is typified by organic Orleans decor.  Not some interior designer's idea of smart.  Sorry to write this but I was disappointed.We've been passing this place for months but finally stopped in and we're glad we did! The menu is not overwhelming and the fried chicken is very, very good. We also tried the naked chicken sandwich which was pretty good and the whisky smoked chicken salad which was a little too heavy on the mayo for me. Pro tip: ask for the Crystal hot sauce "dregs" (they have a better name for it but I can't recall now), props to our waiter Will for recommending it. It's like hot sauce in powder form, but so delicious! I believe it's the sediment from the hot sauce making process that doesn't make its way into the bottle. Something very unique in a unique food town. Speaking of which, the s'more for dessert was spectacular!First off...
I would love to give Picnic Provisions and Whiskey a 5-star review.
But.
I was waiting on by Vincent.
Who, in all of my travels has probably been the most least attentive and worst waiter I've ever had in any establishment.
As soon as I stepped in, I was not sure if I had to wait to be seated or grab any table, so I asked.
Vincent, just responded "yeah, any table."
No "here's a menu," "I'll be right with you," " just a moment," nothing.
So I grabbed a seat, and waited. Without a menu.
I spotted one sitting on a "stump" near the door, so I grabbed it.
But I already knew what I wanted.
I was there for the Crawfish Boil Hot Chicken Sandwich.
I'm from California, and during the Popeyes/Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich wars, a "Visit NOLA" post came through on my Facebook page spotlighting this sandwich.
So here I am, now in New Orleans on a mission for this sandwich and my first impression is Vincent.
So anyways, back to my experience...
So after a while of just sitting there just looking around, Vincent approaches me with some water in a plastic cup, and apologizes saying "They're out of glasses."
My first thought is...
"How is this place out of glasses at 3:30 p.m. on a Friday afternoon?"
Now right away Vincent turns his back on me, but I call him back and let him know that I can order now if that's okay, I know what i want.
Vincent takes my order and returns about 15 minutes or so later with my sandwich on a plate.
That's it.
Just my chicken sandwich, on a plate.
No utensils, no napkin.
Just..
my....
chicken sandwich...
on a plate.
Vincent, may have a napkin please?
Thank you. (Still no utensils).
I ate this entire really big chicken sandwich with my hands.
But that's OK, that's how you eat a chicken sandwich. Right?
And while all of this was happening, I was witnessing the same service (or lack thereof) to the couple who came in shortly behind me with a baby.
Where the lady asked for a glass of water, and it ended up that her husband had to remind Vincent twice that he had not giving her water.
Now I know what you might be thinking in reading this review.
And no, the place wasn't very busy.
The other waiter seem to move smoothly through his customers without any problems.
Now, as for the Crawfish Boil Hot Chicken Sandwich...
AMAZING!!!!!
Everything I hoped it would be, and then some!!!
Picnic Provisions and Whiskey definitely gets a five star rating on their food! 
And I will actually go back!
Note to Management,
Great place! Great food!
But if your customers first impression is Vincent..
You're going to have problems..Thought I'd give this establishment another try. My initial visit although it was a to go order left me underwhelmed. I was really looking forward to the seafood boiled fried chicken! It was just ok. The second time around didn't make much of a difference. I really enjoyed the corn bread on my initial visit but this time it was hard and dry... a big disappointment! I also tried the collard greens ; they were just ok as well. 
My order of chicken was missing the vegetables that was supposed to come with it. I remember that being pretty good the first time but it was just not there this time and no one mentioned that it wasn't available. I wish I had more good things to say. I don't think I'll be returning for a third time.I don't know what happened but they took a turn for the worse. Went in to get the chicken sandwich and something was off it's the bun!! Switched it for a regular old sesame seed bun. And the chicken although a hefty amount not up to New Orleans standards. I hope they get there grove back.My wife and I went here for the first time and really enjoyed it. It is in our neighborhood and we were excited to see what was going to open up. I had the Vesper (James Bond) martini which they did a good job on and she had the 'this old thing' which was good as well.  I had the pork shoulder sandwich which was delicious and my wife had the whiskey chicken salad which she enjoyed very much. We had the cookie dessert as well which was yummy. The management was very pleasant to us and welcoming. We were very pleased and will definitely be coming back!I love fried chicken, it's my weakness. Popeye's, Brothers, McHardy's, Dookey Chase, Wing Snack Express, LOVE THEM ALL. Needless to say, I was looking forward to trying Picnic Provisions & Whiskey. The use of seafood boil in the seasoning intrigued me, as well as the Crystal Hot Sauce Mash you can get sprinkled on top. 
Most importantly, the chicken tastes delicious. Excellent seasoning and expertly friend. But it's boneless, and comes in strange, huge pieces that are like unwieldy chicken cutlets. It's not "finger" food, but the "basket" is actually served on a plate that is piled so high there's no room to use a knife and fork. I guess I should have asked for an extra plate. I knew it was boneless from reading previous reviews, but wanted to try it anyway. I guess I can't help but think if you're gonna open a really special fried chicken joint, then everyone knows it needs to be ON THE BONE. Offer the boneless as an option for the weird people, but give us enthusiasts the real thing dang it.
The "fixins" are a total disappointment. Menu says served with "spicy corn, mushrooms, garlic, mirlitons, smoky sausage" but what comes out is not what you're expecting. Seriously, y'all, that "corn" is shameful and you know it! Two half-inch rounds of corn on the cob (think the typical piece that comes out of a seafood boil cut into several smaller pieces.) The smoky sausage is sparsely crumbled in the veggie mix, which last night was mostly carrots and celery with sliced mushrooms. The fixins really miss the mark, I'm sorry. I wanted to love it and was completely underwhelmed.
To end the food portion of the review on a high note, the warm cornbread biscuit was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. An insane hybrid of two of my favorite bread items out there! YUMMY! 
Also, the overall hospitality was excellent. I was greeted promptly and warmly, and I asked to be seated at the bar since I was alone. The bartender was very attentive and friendly and made me feel as though I were a regular even though it was my first time. The hostess held the door for me on the way out and was extremely gracious. 
I'll go back for more cornbread biscuits and try some of the appetizers.HIGHLY recommended. We Randomly found this place while looking for something to eat along Magazine. The boudin egg rolls were fantastic and flavorful. Smoked fish dip was really nice and subtle. Throw away your preconceptions about what a po-boy should be enjoy enjoy the pig-nic po-boy for what it is, a delicious sandwich with amazing flavor. It is on a round bun so don't get annoyed that it doesn't fit your thought of a traditional po-boy. The cochon de lait biscuit was AMAZING. Great gravy, great meat, great biscuit. It was a little sweeter than expected but the flavors worked well. Noah was a great waiter and very courteous.Based on prior reviews, I think Picnic is better than it was and is finding its voice.  Went last weekend and tried the boudin egg rolls, delicious deep-fried goodness.  The crawfish fried chicken was pretty good, crispy, flavorful, for being boneless (which I preferred).  The biscuit served with it was sweeter than expected but also good.  Cocktails are great but the Whiskey Smash comes with a mound of ice like a snoball, with no practical way to drink it, even with a straw.  The only thing missing in my opinion is an option for sauces.  I understand the Crystal crumbles are an original way to add spice, but some people crave something to dip the chicken in, particularly since it is in chicken tender form.  We first asked for Crystal sauce itself, which we received, and upon further inquiry about sauces, the server conceded we could have a white barbecue sauce, as well as the hot mustard sauce that accompanied the egg rolls. We asked for both, but did not receive them until we were nearly finished.  Overall good food and service, I would go back to try the grilled cheese sandwich, which apparently gets rave reviews, and would order the chicken again, but ask for the sauces first thing.We wanted to give a local neighborhood restaurant a chance. We ordered the smoked salmon salad salad and the avocado salad without chicken (forgot the name. ). We also ordered a side of crackers because that did not come with the salad. The crackers were completely stale and very salty. They brought us fresh crackers which were crispy, but also very salty. The salads have yogurt-based dressing, which in itself is fine, but there was absolutely no flavor whatsoever to the salad dressing. The smoked chicken had smoke flavor but also had no seasoning of any other kind. Really a boring salad. The portions were plentiful. The drink cups were very small and had to be refilled. Our waitress brought a warm Diet Coke and then later asked if we wanted a cup of ice with it. Probably won't be coming back.Upon walking in, you lose yourself in the vintage diner aesthetic. I found a lovely meal in their old fashioned--showcasing a very healthy dose of bourbon--their crawfish hot chicken salad, and s'mores dessert, but enjoyed an even lovelier conversation with their staff.First off-I am super picky about my fried chicken. Don't get me wrong,there are sometimes when I just want some fried chicken,and I'm not as picky as normal. But,as I've aged and the weight tends to stick to me longer because it takes more work to get it off,I've become more picky and selective about the foods that are both not healthy and can cause me to look like a female version of Fat Albert. But this chicken.......I'm more than willing to walk a mile to get there,and two miles after just so that I can justify the caloric splurge. This chicken is so perfectly cooked,that I can honestly say that it is the best chicken that I have ever eaten-in my life! You just can't go wrong with this place.This place was amazing, we got sat very quick and the food was delicious. I was not only impressed with the food but with the service we received the server was really attentive and made sure we had everything we needed/wanted. When we were done eating and asked for a to go box he actually boxed it up for us which I thought was really nice. Definitely a spot to try and ask for their krystal pulp it's really delicious and adds a flavor to anything! If you're from nola or just visiting this is a great spot to go to!When it first opened I liked the chicken box with the crab boil vegetables. Last time I ordered it it was just chicken with some sauce and I don't think as much chicken as initially. My last order was the beef rib which is advertised as "Feeds a crowd!" Well it has to be a very small crowd. The bone was 8 ounces of the 1.5 lbs advertised. There was probably 2-3 ounces of fat. So that left approximately 12 ounces of beef and that was pushing it. They put it in this huge box which was kind of bizarre. The service seems so aloof. They had me sign my credit card on an old paperback book. What is that? Not like the service at Commander's Palace.Wow! Great food, friendly service. Will definitely come back.  Food and atmosphere very unique.So we arrived shortly before happy hour ended waited 2 minutes before a table 20 minutes for 1 bucket of beer and 2 happy hour special drinks.  Dinner who knows how long that took Too LongPortions here are definately for sharing! Ian and Drake was ouR AWESOME SERVErs.  We are definately coming back for more!Thanks to Chef Tory McPhail for nurturing this unique restaurant it is going to do very well. The chicken sandwich is so delicious. Can't wait to get back and try more menu items! ChefTim Twin Cities.Great tasting chicken!!! Lovely neighborhood joint. Chicken basket is our favorite item to order!My boyfriend and I went last week for my birthday, and I was super excited about having fried chicken! I will say the service, setting and small touches are perfect. They have that part down. However the food and menu itself leaves much to be desired. 
The menu is confusing if coming from a 'picnic' point of view. The waitress mentioned that the food is meant to be shared picnic style (which adds to the confusion) so I ordered the fried chicken basket and my boyfriend ordered the naked chicken sandwich and we decided to share. neither of which come with sides so we ordered the potatoes that I believe we're supposed to be fried. The fried chicken was boneless, flattened, very bland chicken. I was very disappointed. The sandwich was cold and the potatoes were very weird, not fried. Also they don't have Mac and cheese, fries or ketchup, which to me is what goes with fried chicken and especially what I think of if thinking 'picnic'. At the end we ended up spending way too much for a mediocre meal in a confusing setting.wow this fried chicken is good!!! I was a bit skeptical based on the reviews but this is definitely a place I will be coming back to! Our server Hannah was so sweet and had great recommendations. They had special for 2 for $5 boudin egg rolls and they were AMAZING. I ordered a tequila mockingbird which was also great. For the entree we decided on the crawfish boil hot chicken basket. The chicken is nice, tender and flavorful. Make sure you get the crystal pulp sprinkled ALL OVER. The chicken also comes with this lemon miso mayo and whew I would buy bottles of that stuff.  The cornbread cake is also to die for , it's moist and crumbly.They also have an awesome picnic specials and you can add on a bottle of rosè. They also seem to have a great happy hour. I really wanna try their new po-boy it sounds great! Def check it out and ask for Hannah!!!!I didn't think to read any reviews ahead of time before my bff and I went to Picnic Provisions for lunch (on Fri 9/28), because of the reputation of the chef and owners, and the menu seemed straightforward enough. Plus, we knew we were going for the Crawfish Boil Fried Chicken "basket" (plate). Most of my disappointment has already been described by the other 2 and 3 star reviews. 
We started with a house salad that I don't remember the name of. We had to ask for more dressing on the side since it all seemed to be lumped into one spot, and it was missing the blue cheese, which I guess got lost in translation because we did ask for it on the side. 
For the entree, we weren't expecting boneless, so you only get breasts and thighs. I'm not sure why that's not just specified on the menu. I didn't mind no wings but missed drumsticks. The flavor and texture were fine, and the Crystal mash helped. The 'sides' were a total disappointment. Usually when I see 'mirliton' my eyes light up but everything was just chopped up and mixed together,  including sausage in crumbles. I get that they tried to elevate crawfish boil fixins, but I didn't enjoy that presentation or the flavor. I'm not sure how it's prepared, maybe just a light sautee in crawfish boil seasoning, because the carrots and garlic were barely cooked; crunchy carrots are still edible but not raw garlic. And the one tiny piece of corn was useless, esp when splitting a plate. 
Other glitches: 1. The glass that came with my can of beer was very warm, probably right out of the dishwasher. Easy fix, I just poured my ice water into the warm glass and used my water glass for the beer instead. 2. Later when I asked for a Coke, I was told they were out -- as another reviewer mentioned, if that's really the case, just go buy some -- but a few minutes later my friend noticed another table had some. (I think all soft drinks and beers are served in cans, I guess to emphasize the picnic style.) I asked the waiter to double check, unless the other table just happened to get the last two. She did and found one for me, not cold but at least she brought ice.
None of these were deal breakers  and I'm sure they'll work out those service glitches overtime, but the signature fried chicken dish was disappointing and I'm not particularly interested in the rest of the menu, so I don't see any reason to go back.