Loved the samoan pizza. They only had two draft beer options, unfortunately. Not a bad pizza joint, but not the greatest place either.Came for lunch & sat the bar. Busy, but friendly atmosphere! The Crawfish Monica was delicious. Would definitely come back.We decided to stop in for dinner here before watching a show at Republic next door.  The restaurant definitely has the small pizza-diner atmosphere going on, complete with the pizza tray platforms.  Very CBD.
THE GOOD
Service:  We sat at the bar, and our bartender/server was extremely nice and accommodating.  A particularly nice touch was when we ordered our Caesar salad with cheese on the side, and she offered to split the salad in half and put cheese on one plate and leave it off entirely from the other.  Also appreciated how prompt she was in providing extra utensils and ringing us out.
Pizza:  Although it was TINY, everything about our "Carnivore" pizza tasted delicious.  Completely overloaded with meat, but not overcooked or over-dried, even though half of the pizza was ordered with no cheese.  From our experience, it seems like pizza makers have more trouble than expected when baking pizzas with no cheese...they're always too dry.  Maybe the cheese helps maintain moisture balance in the dough or something.  In any case, Pie didn't have an issue with that problem.  Bonus points for having crust that was tasty enough to eat instead of just leaving on the plate (that is, if you're partial to breadsticks like I am.  Their crusts are just like soft chewy breaksticks.  Score.)
THE BAD
Wait Time For Food:  30 minutes is much too long to be waiting for a pizza, regardless of how intricate or complicated it may be to put together.  And the pizzas here are certainly not that complicated.  I don't know why it takes them so long.  The restaurant was about 3/4 full, but most of the people there had already received their meals before we even ordered, so it wasn't like the kitchen was backed up or anything.
Caesar Salad:  The most important quality of salads is freshness.  Unfortunately, the romaine looked and tasted a little old, the croutons were a tad stale, and the parmesan cheese was dried out.  Tolerable if it was a side salad, not acceptable as a meal salad.
PURGATORY
Price:  A little on the expensive side, but I guess that's what one should expect in the CBD.  $13-$14 for a very small 10-inch 4-slice pizza is way too much in my opinion.  Salads were not overpriced in the traditional sense, but for the money you should get more than what we were given.  Other items looked to be more reasonably priced though, so if you're eating for value, maybe go for the pasta or the sandwiches instead.
OVERALL
Good service, decent food, tolerable ambiance.  Definitely a good place to go for a pre-show or post-show meal since they're open until 4:30am Thursday through Saturday.  I would go again and try their non-pizza (and non-salad) items next time as well.For the past three years my family & I have been regulars at Pie. We have so many fond memories that I make it a habit to go every time I go home to New Orleans. It is a cool late night spot that offers mixed drinks, shots, hot pizza, & a good atmosphere. The drinks are really good and will get you to your happy place quickly. Staff changes often that there seems to be new bartenders the last few times I have gone.
It is in close proximity to the renowned Republic night club, the Howlin' Wolf, Harrah's Casino, a hookah bar, and various bars & clubs. I have never gone to Pie before 10:00 pm and probably never will. I enjoy their pizza after working up an appetite partying or need some grease to soak up an abundance amount of alcohol consumed. Either way it does the trick & I am still a satisfied customer.Came here solo. The server was very nice and accommodating. I ordered bruchetta and a ceasar salad. The kitchen was out of ceasar dressing so they subbed it for ranch... Which is the most boring salad ever... Lettuce and ranch!? So I swapped it out for a Greek salad which came piled high with all sorts of yummy veggies. Half the lettuce was wilted however, so I had to pick through and eat good lettuce only. Kinda gross the lettuce was wilted and mushy. The bruchetta was nice looking but haf maybe 4 pieces of tomatoe and onion in it with lots of cheese and basalmic. Was very unsatisfied with my food.... Guess I shoulda got a pizza... Those looked amazing!First time here and all of our dishes were consistently good. Had pepperoni pizza ,fettuccine Alfredo, meatball sub, and Italian sub. Friendly casual atmosphere.If you plan on eating, this is not the place. We waited over and hour and never even received our soup and salad, let alone our entrees. When we complained, the server told us she's about to go cook it. We walked out without eating, as did other patronsGood pizza. Reasonable prices. They accommodated our large party well on a weeknight. I recommend the Swamp Thing or the Bayou.My husband and I were walking back to our hotel after a long day at French Quarter Fest and came across this place. It was good but not great. We shared a pizza with ricotta and roasted garlic. The toppings were amazing, I love garlic on just about anything, but what I loved most about this pizza was the roasted garlic. Wow, that added a nice flavor. I was not a big fan of the crust. It was too doughy for me. It almost tasted like it was not cooked all the way.  I much prefer a thin crispy crust or a traditional Chicago deep dish. 
It was an average lunch but I was grateful for a place to sit and a server that was very consistent filling our drinks on a hot day. The service was great and very friendly.   If you are looking for great pizza, this may not be the place. If you are looking for decent pizza with great service, this is a safe bet.LOVED IT! This place was across the street from our hotel, and after seeing someone in the lobby having one of their pizzas, we decided to go try for ourselves! Big screen to watch the games, with a friendly bar tender/server, the small sized pizzas are a good individual portion. We tried the "swamp thing" which had duck sausage and alligator sausage and this was really good, the sausage had great flavor, the "bbq" pizza which had pulled pork and bbq sauce on it and was fantastic, and finally "the carnivore" which was piled with meats and was perfect! We also shared the alligator and duck sausage plate, which comes with two large, chopped sausages and was a great plate to share around with our pizza (because, y'know, we needed more meat!). They have an OK beer selection and multiple good mixed drinks. This is a great place to have dinner, carb up and get ready for a long night out!I think they have the best pizza in the area.  Their duck sausage is a great topping!  A little more expensive than the chain pizza delivery places, but better pizza and a small but fair priced bar too...The place used to be ok. Now, it's time to close the restaurant or call the guy from Discovery or Food network to teach them about food quality and customer service.
Food is below average. Cold calzone, almost enough sauce or meat. Sad looking wraps and non flavor. Super slow service and the server is lost on orders with only 3 tables.
This is a nightmare of restaurants
The "chef" big time no chef. 
I am sure this restaurant will be out of business soon.First, let me preface by saying I am not a pizza connoiseur. However, it's darn tasty after a late night of drinking. And I love that it is still open after a late night of drinking.The late night menu is great and the gal behind the bar was friendly and efficient. Good pizza, great beer.I would recommend going to this place or having it delivered to your room. I had sausage, bacon, and ham and it was a perfect midnight snack. My friends had a Hawaiian, and sausage and mushrooms and they both liked theirs also. You won't be disappointed.Wish I could give more than 5 stars! This is by far the best place for pizza and pasta! I am not usually a fan of this type of food but after having the Penne ala Vodka I was hooked! We have been there four times this week and it is amazing every time!! Had the Carnivore Pizza tonight and every topping was fresh. I always say I am not happy until I make my self miserable at Pies. They only have one server per shift so when they are busy it can be a little bit of a wait but it is totally worth it!!!Awesome pizza to be had here. Stopped in while in town twice. Had the carnivore pizza both times. Crust is awesome!  Ambience is cool. Loved the music being played.Being a vegetarian in NOLA is not easy but thanks to PIE Pizza I did not have to starve. The cheese pizza was hot and tasty and the bruschetta was as fresh as they come!  The whole staff was very nice and I definetely felt a sense of southern hospitality! Can't wait to go back!I was completely blown off by the only, overworked server. First she said "I'll be right with you"  Then after tending a few tables she just stacked glasses behind the bar while trying to see if I'd left yet. Yep. And never going back. Its a shithole anyhow.This place has great pizza. We went here twice last week and both times the food was great. The Swamp Thing pizza with alligator sausage was especially tasty. The restaurant is small and they were short one or two waiters each day so it took a while for the service but everyone was very friendly and the food was worth the wait.Great vibe and great bartender to my boy drew! Wish the buffalo pizza was spicer but it was good. Digged the alligator and duck sausage. Happy special is legit. Today 2 for 1! Can't beat that.Let me first say my visit to Pie was during Superbowl weekend in New Orleans so it was a very busy few days for them I am sure.  My kids were super hungry and we were having a difficult time finding a place for us to eat that was kid friendly and did not have a wait.  We were staying across the street from Pie so I thought I would give it a try.  It is not very big inside and no surprise that it was packed.  I decided take out would be the best option instead of waiting for a table.  The staff just looked completely stressed out of their minds.  I politely asked the waitress (there seemed to be only one on duty along with one bartender) where I should order take out at and before I could even begin she snapped at me that is it too busy right now.  I finally determined to wait at the bar and order there for take out since ordering from her would have been not a fun experience.  Once I got the food it was good, nothing great though.  We just got a cheese pizza for the kids and a salami and sausage for us.  If I was in New Orleans again with my family I would probably give them another try just to see if it was in fact because of Superbowl weekend but still that was no excuse for them not to have enough people on staff given how crowded New Orleans was going to be that weekend.Tasty. Kind of a long wait. Busy fun artsy Saturday night crowd. Good service!If I could give this place no stars I would! This place has absolutely the MOST horrible custom service ever!! My sister and I were staying in a hotel near by. We called several places to see if they could deliver to the hotel, where we were staying. Not being a person to frequent big chain restaurants, I was happy to find this local place that was willing to deliver to us (plus they had both pizza and pasta).
My sister and I have similar taste in pizza, aside from a few variations, so we asked the young lady who answered the phone if we could do a half-and-half pizza, which she assured us was fine to do so we ordered a pizza and a small pasta dish ($40 for a large pizza and a single serving of pasta?? Really?? Whatever! they deliver).  The girl on the phone quoted us a time of 25-30 minutes for the order (it's about 8pm at this point). I gave her my information, phone number, and hotel name, then paid with my card over the phone and we thought that was that.  So about an hour later we started to get concerned... what was taking so long? After calling approximately 10 times and the answering machine picking up saying it was after hours, we got an answer. Somehow they had deleted our information from the computer and the poor delivery guy had stood in the lobby of our hotel  for about 10 minutes (according to the lady that worked the front desk of our hotel) trying to figure out how to contact me. We told the person over the phone, no big deal, this is where we are, can you redeliver the pizza? Sure she says. The delivery guy is on foot, she says, so they are going to try to find a car for him to bring it to us... Ummm odd, but okay, whatever. So pushing two hours later, we finally get our pizza and pasta. Wrong, wrong, wrong, ALL WRONG!!!! It wasn't even close to correct!!! Plus the pizza was all smushed, like it had been flipped upside-down at some point in its two hour journey. The pasta tasted like the sauce had scalded, YUCK!! So I called the restaurant back. At this point, I explain my dilemma to the on duty manager (it's now pushing 10 pm on. Sunday, not much is open around our hotel). He tells me they are closing and WILL NOT make us a new pizza or pasta dish. So I said that what we received was not edible and asked for my money back. The manager, then, proceeds to actually starts making fun of me to his employees, which he obviously knew I could hear!! He then comes back to the phone and said if I kept the pizza and pasta I would have to pay for it, the only way he would refund my money is IF I brought the pizza and pasta back OR, IF his delivery guy came and picked it back up!! At this point I told him, fine, send him back, but I have a broken foot and am in a cast/ boot and to send his people to our room. All of a sudden his delivery situation got real accurate and very speedy.  They were there in about 15 minutes, BUT refused to come up to my room, so I had to hobble back down to the front desk to return the pizza, which was untouched and the pasta that had two bites missing. I have never felt more miserable for employees than in that moment. I know that the poor delivery guy was exhausted and the horrible manager had sent another girl with him as a "witness"!!! They actually made us stand there while they opened the box of pizza to inspect it and to make sure we hadn't eaten any of it. Long story short, I got my money back but I now have no pizza and no pasta.... Luckily Domino's Pizza, who I normally steer clear of, was open late and got some descent pizza and pasta to me and my sister (we were on our last day of a sisters vacation before she gets married). We finally got to eat at 11pm, thanks to Domino's, 3 hours from our original order time! It's sad to say, but thank God for Domino's. 
I would just like to say, I waited TWO weeks to write this review to make sure I wasn't acting in haste or being hotheaded. It makes me just as furious, right now thinking about it, as it did that night!i love this place their wraps and salads are huge enough for 2 to share.i too love the tomato basil soup. i wish there was several more locations.Really horrible service and horrible staff. THey charged me double on my credit card! ANd added a sweet amount for tip without my consent. jerksI've been going there for 2+years.  
Food is always great.  I love the coach pizza.   The ONLY issue, the service.Worst service I ever had. There wasn't 1 table in the place bused and no one cared to do it for 1 hour food never came tables never cleaned. When I got up to check on it the order was never put in. Not even an apology. Horrible!Own a place nearby but rarely visit. Walked over for a quick bite. I was between lunch and dinner so it was blissfully quiet with sports recaps on silent on the TVs. Immediately served by a friendly waiter who was attentive but did not hover through the meal - even gave me tips on where to see the Caps playoffs game tomorrow.
Pizza was good but I had an AMAZING sweet bruschetta - a sweet balsamic drizzle cut the taste of the onions on the perfect crusty bread. I could easily have had another order
Really enjoyed my meal and would not be surprised if I ate there again before I returned home. Excellent all around!Yesterday, we went here with a group of 7 people for lunch.
My wife and I ordered and split the follow:
Traditional Caezar Salad $7.99.
The Coach (pizza) $12.99 small consists of roasted garlic, ricotta, mozzarella, parmesan, feta and fresh basil with roasted garlic butter.
We enjoyed both items.  
The salad was fresh and crisp.  What surprised us was that the waitress gave us two separated salad plates without us asking.  The salad portion was very generous.  We also had plenty of time to finish our salad before our pizza arrive.
The pizza was very delicious.  The combination of cheeses with the garlic and basil made the pizza delicious.  The crust was medium in thickness but tasted light and flavorful.
The portion sizes of our friends was also generous.  More than one meal.Had this while on vacation in New Orleans.
The pizza and lasagna were both fantastic.
I've had many pizza's and this one is one of the best I've ever had!Great pizza. Customer service was lacking. Had to ask for silverware and napkins. She never came back to check on us.Delicious!! I am in town for a conference so I got a small pizza to go and it was one of the best pizzas I've had in a long time!! Would for sure go back.Went here the other day, in their defense they were understaffed as someone called in sick, walked in waited a half hour for a personal pizza , I didn't complain once, they skipped the guy next to me and gave his pizza to someone that came in after him, finally got my pizza , asked for ranch, walked back to my place sat down an hour later opened my pizza dunked it in the ranch and it was blue cheese! I hate blue cheese. Haven't been back. Really nice staff tho I'm sure this wasn't the normThis place isn't really anything super special, but it's a great place to check out if you are heading out for a night out in the warehouse district.  They have really good pizza and the place has a nice "party" atmosphere on weekends and even has a dj.  It's open pretty late, especially on game days and during special events, so if you get hungry after a night of celebrating, then it's a good place to check out.Ordered food at 6:30 pm it was 8:30 when I finally received my food... The food though Cold was very good... The restaurant gave me a full refund and refused to let me even pay a tip to the delivery guy. Happy in the end!When you visit a new city, it's not always a good idea to venture out and try a new place you pass by without prior recommendations, and when there's not a listing on Yelp, you're really pressing your luck.  Fortunately, after passing Pie Pizza & Pastas earlier in the day while on our way from our hotel to the French Quarter, we decided to stop in for dinner.
The restaurant is housed in what appears to be an old warehouse.  The decor is very simple with a few original paintings on the walls.  There are plenty of tables and a bar area, but everything is spaced comfortably and not crowded.
Our waitress greeted us right away and took our drink order (unsweetened iced teas) while we were left with menus.  Appetizers, wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, and desserts were plentiful.  My companion ordered an Italian sausage and cheese calzone, and I ordered a a small pepperoni & jalapeño pizza.  While they didn't appear to be very busy, it took a while for our fod to arrive, but when it did, we were quite pleased.  The calzone was huge and looked delicious.  The outside looks like it had been brushed with butter or olive oil prior to baking; it was golden brown and wonderfully crispy.  My 8" pizza was almost too much for one person but would have been enough to split if an appetizer or salad had been eaten prior.  The crust wasn't too thick or too thin, and while it didn't taste homemade, it was good  It could have been baked a bit longer, but that's just my own preference.  Our total came to just under $30, which seemed pretty average for the area.
Nice place, friendly staff, tasty food.  Thanks, Pie!Great pizza, decent service. I got pretty excited about the swamp thing pizza but they were pretty stingy with the gator sausage. The carnivore was great though! Piled high with toppings! 
Not crowded. Pretty far from bourbon street.The restaurant was nearly empty when we went in but we still gave it a chance and I'm very glad that we did. We had the Coach pizza with tomatoes and spinach. The butter garlic sauce was delicious! I also had the sweetwater blue beer that was tasty and I would absolutely go back for another slice again!Came January 2015 pizza and service was amazing! Fast forward exactly a year pizza still the best ever service is not so great!
Pizza 5 stars 
Service 1 starStill can't figure out why this place was nearly empty on a Friday night. I heard they get a good late night crowd but really more people should check this out for dinner. I am extremely picky when it comes to Italian food thanks to my Italian background but I must say they have one of my favorite Lasagnas. We also got a caprese salad and bruschetta for appetizers. This is one of the largest caprese salads that I have been served. Huge slices of mozzarella, delicious balsamic reduction. The bruschetta was also something special with a gooey garlic bread with the perfect amount of crisp. The server was laid back, not pushy or in our face. He wasn't too great with drink refills but he was nice and I could tell was just giving us our privacy.  Definitely will go back. Even if the service lacks, the food will make up for it.Had the tomato basil soup - yum yum!  Nice small-diner feel.  Great for a quick bite.A nice lobster-stuffed ravioli appetizer (a little cold) and then a wonderful Goodfella's pizza pie; excellent crust!It's pretty unfortunate that I was extremely hungry when I ate here one evening. Usually that clouds one's vision a bit, as everything seems great when you're practically starving, but this wasn't the case. 
The pizza was very doughy and pretty much undercooked all around, without any distinctive flavor in either the dough, sauce, or cheese. I think they pay more attention to the pasta dishes and other offerings, which looked more appetizing than the pizza.
Service was particularly off, with a very rude, angry bartender muttering under her breath as we sat awkwardly waiting for our food, and it was nearly an hour before we ate. I probably won't be back unless I'm desperate and there aren't other options in the area. There are too many other good options for pizza in the city, in my opinion.Wow really impressed with the pizza at this place. Whoever runs this place is doing a great job, even the bartender was super friendlyWas looking for some good Italian eats near the hotel where we were staying.  Used the app on my phone which turned up Pie, Pizza and Pasta. Went in and there were only a couple of other people in the restaurant.  Ordered a large pepperoni and black olive pizza and it was outstanding!  We ordered hummus and pita bread as an appetizer. Outstanding! There is a fully stocked bar. Was definitely worth the walk as the food, drinks and service was incredible. I read other reviews where it was posted that the service was not good. We did not experience that as all food and drinks were brought out from the time of order to our table in about 15 minutes. Drinks and appetizers were brought out within 5 minutes. Give it a try and I can assure you that your experience, and quality of food, will not disappoint.The pizza was incredible, if only it didn't take and hour for the bartender to even acknowledge us after we arrived. Granted, she was talking to her friends so I understand I was not a priority.  After she finished her conversation she disappeared for about 10 minutes and then, when she finally came back, was completely rude. It's as if we were an inconvenience. Sorry I'm making you do your job.The only thing I ever eat here is the pizza by the slice, which is available I think only late at night. It's a thin crust in available with a few different options. It is my favorite pizza in New Orleans, right up there with Slice, New York Pizza and Vieux Carre.
Not sure about the pastas and sandwiches. I did order a whole pizza once and it seemed different than the pizza by the slice. The crust was different and didn't come close to the quality of just the slice.Ordered pizza and some fettuccine Alfredo and everyone who ate it is now throwing up. Stay away from this restaurant. I just read a review finding out that 4 days ago a rat was smashed in the dough machine and workers were vomiting and people were screaming. This place is awful. The food wasn't even mediocre. It was just bad.Pretty good pizza, cheese sticks and calzone. The place is definitely a dive. The men's room was kind of dirty, and it was 2 pm. Not a good sign.R u kidding me?  I'm not even buzzed and this is insane pizza,  from the Ocean and need this at home!Went during the last weekend of jazzfest a and had a great time! Awesome service and food was pretty effin good. We had a big group and ordered several different types of pizza, as well as apps. 
The standouts were the bruschetta, alligator nuggets (I think that's what they're called), cheese pizza but was also impressed by the BBQ chicken pizza, since I usually hate it but was tasty here. 
Would def return on my next visit!I was in town on Fat Tuesday and everything outside the Quarter was basically closed.  I wandered down the street from the hotel and found this place.  I had the swamp thing pizza. Alligator, duck sausage, onion, etc.  It was a bit greasy as to be expected with the ingredients but it was very good.  The waitress was horrible but the owner was there and started picking up the slack for her.  It's a dive but the food is good.Pie is a solid pizza place with an imaginative menu. Friendly service, although we showed up at a slow restaurant time. Food was good and didn't take very long to come out the oven. I had the Samoan (their version of the Hawaiian style pizza). Overall I enjoyed my visit and will certainly return if the opportunity presents itself.A group of friends and I were in town for the Rock N Roll Marathon.  Pie Pizza and Pasta was close to our hotels.  We had heard it was good and often there was a wait but it was worth it.  I am sorry to say it was not.  There was a line at 5:30pm, there was no employee directing anyone, so we had to find out from other diners that we had to order at the bar.  We had already looked up the menu on the Internet, so we knew what we wanted.  They were out of lasagna (already at 5:30 on a Saturday), so we got spaghetti and the caprese salad.  We paid and had to clean our own table to sit, and saw that many other patrons also had to bus a table to sit down.  We had to go and track down our order after a considerable wait, only to find that they no longer serve caprese salad, although they let us order and pay for it and it even came up on our ticket "caprese salad".  They were nice enough to change it to a greek salad.  Our spaghetti and meatballs was tasty, but cold and a little hard to eat with the tiny plastic fork we were given or shall I say that we went and got ourselves.  I joked that "Don't they know there's a race in town, and runners like pizza and pasta?"  The lady behind me replied, "no, and it was the same last year too".  It made me wonder why she returned.  So, unfortunately, they get a D for unpreparedness and not learning from the previous year, and not appointing someone to direct traffic, serving cold food, taking money for something they don't even serve anymore, and forcing patrons to bus their own tables.Considering the proximity of this place to my house in the Warehouse District, I was shocked that this was my first time ever checking it out....or, am I?
After consuming enough alcohol to put the late Andre the Giant into an inebriated slumber under a table, I found it to be midnight and I was in a desperate search for late night eats.  I was suddenly overcome with a sense of urgency, as if I was Batman, emerging from my bat-cave after detecting the bat-signal high above the cityscape, to apprehend a greasy evening foe the likes the world had never engaged before.  I spread my wings, pushed out my chest and descended into the night, making a visit to every location that a late night dish might frequent.
Eventually, I found myself at 'Pie Pizza & Pastas'.  While I did not detect any pastas in the vicinity at such an hour, there were definitely pizzas to be had.  I think it is worth mentioning that the joint was filled with some rather large, rowdy looking fellows.  For a moment, I stood in the doorway; my hand on my utility belt, half expecting that one of my many weapons of attack/escape would come into play.  Luckily, the goons held their positions at the bar with no intention of getting into an exchange with a super hero.  Good thing for them, too.  The LAST thing they would have wanted would be for me to get physical.  You've read my comic books.  The bad guys rarely get the upper hand on me.  ALWAYS bet on the guy with the cape!
I sat at the bar; a gnarly young female asked me for my order.  Eyeing the cheesy perpetrators from behind the glass case, I requested a meeting with the villainous pepperoni and cheese.  As a Batman that has been around MANY cities, I have to admit that as greasy (and I do mean greasy - I could have oiled some squeaky door hinges with the grease left over on this particular slice) as this pizza was, it tasted delishus.  I could just be making this claim because I was heavily intoxicated at the time and hell, even a Batman can make a mistake from time to time.  However, I believe if I came back for a visit, I'd get more of the same.  That's a good thing.
The atmosphere is nothing to look at so don't expect much.  Stained walls, severely limited bar, 'sort of' clean counter.  Don't, don't ever bring a date in here.  This is a good place for a guy to slip in, grab some quick food and take off again.  The people in here are oddities of the night, too.  There were a couple of huge henchmen seated on the stools next to me that were so big, their belly-buttons must have had an echo.  If this place had a buffet, the waitresses would all be wearing riot hats.  I'm not sure what was up with their beards, either.  They looked like a cross between Grizzly Adams and ZZ Top; if you wring out their beards, you get a hearty broth.  They could have been bouncers from Republic next door.
That brings me to another point.  The noise is pretty crazy in here and I'm chalking that up to the club, Republic, situated next door.  I noticed all these young guys and girls lined up outside the door to this joint.  I wondered to myself, "why are all these kids out so late?  Is the Children's Museum having a slumber party??"  Then I realized they were partaking in the club's wild times.
If you're in the Warehouse District and looking for some late-night, greasy eats, this should be a solid stop for you.  Just don't spend a lot of time in here.  It's a little depressing.  Just get your food and get out.Worst Pizza Ever. Anywhere. At Any time. Awful. I took it out.  The pizza had a very thin crust which could have been made as part of a 5th grade bake sale to raise money. If I could give the place zero stars, I would.
The cheese was burned. I ate part of one slice and honestly became ill almost immediately.
In fairness, I had some clues that the pizza was going to be awful. It was about 7 p.m. and there was no one in the restaurant save two folks at the bar. (Bad sign.) There was very little in the way of take out orders. (Worst sign.) And they brought me the pizza in no time at all.
Not only would I never go here again, if my pizza experience was duplicated, I'd strongly recommend no one else take that risk again.AVOID this place at all costs!  The liquid - hopefully water - on the chairs in this seat yourself dump should've been an indication as to what was in store. The service is the absolute worst, no one has a clue what's going on, and the waitress/bartender looked to be under the influence of something pretty powerful.  After waiting 40 minutes only to learn my to go order had been sitting on the counter for at least half the time, I got back to the hotel only to discover it wasn't my order at all. What was in the box was frankly scary, so I can't attest to the actual flavor of something inedible. There are very few places I would never give a second chance to, but this is definitely one of those. Yelp really should allow zero stars for places like this.The food was fantastic - had a pizza that was seriously delish. I'm from Jersey so it's hard to impress me with pizza but their ingredients were fresh and awesome. Hard to really tell what kind of place this was from the street - it's in an area that isn't really hopping - but you really can go wrong with the food. The service on the otherhand was not great - waitress wasn't attentive, but the food way overshadowed the service.I used Yelp to find this place.  The food was excellent, had a "Goodfellas" pizza.  Bartender was quite nice, and let me try a local brew before committing to a full glass...pretty good by my standards.  Atmosphere is that bar that everyone knows your name kind of thing.  Perfect for my mood, and I felt more friendly when I left...so job well done Pie!Coming from New York this is not you normal pizza place. Had pasta dinners both were okay no thrills we didn't try the pizza. When walking in we were the only ones in the place at the time. Also was told walking in that they were out of there lasagna so that wasn't an option.Don't expect any southern hospitality here. Service was nonexistent, first order was wrong. The second chance order was missing the cheese sticks. No apologies, no charm, no class. Asked for a refund on the missing items and it was given without a word from the employee. Literally not one single word. Weird and scary. I'd pass on this one.SWAMP THING PIZZA = CRAZY DELICIOUS.
This place stays open super super late on the weekends so it's Drunk Town, USA and packed with people who are out clubbing. Full menu for lunch and dinner but just pizza by the slice after hours. Fight your way to the bar and get a few slices to sober yourself up before you bring home that that girl you picked up next door at Republic.
I'm not giving this place 5 stars because the food is anything special but because their pizza keeps me alive when the room won't stop spinning.Saw this place as we were passing by, and decided to try it out. The tunes in here are great; however, the service here is terribly SLOW. It took an hour just for our drinks to come out (and it was just water). Not to mention the bugs in the drinks...
This place is certainly isn't what I expected. Rather disappointing, because the servers are nice folks.I went in the early evening and there was only one waitress working. Needless to say, the service was slow and the pizza wasn't that great. We had a small cheese and sausage and their bayou pizza. The center of the pizza was under cooked which made eating it rather difficult.It was a Saturday afternoon. They had only one Bartender/Server. Waited 45 minutes before we were able to order. Place was dirty. Gnats flying around. Food was meh. Will not be back.Date - May 14 2016 Sat.  8:30pm
We were in town for a convention.  The hotel was across the street from Pie 
(or Pi, as in 3.14) Pizza.   Did not read any reviews of the restaurant, but took a chance. 
Walked in, sign said "Please seat yourself."  Restaurant was half full; 2 tables of a family, a table of college friends, etc.,  70's classic rock were on the speakers, but not to loud.  Took a table across from the bar.   There was no flatware on the table, so didn't know if the table was clean or yet to be cleaned.   Restaurant had college like feel, dark tables, dark brick walls and was  but a bit dim on the lights.  
The waitperson, Maggie, gave us the menus, and came back for the order for drinks; the beer and soda were served correctly, no ice in the soda, beer was ice cold.
We placed an order for the mozzarella sticks; as soon as they were on the table, Maggie quickly brought the plates, flatware, napkins & hot sauce.  They were cooked well; flavorful. etc.  The marinara sauce was like any other, we made better by adding the hot sauce. 
In the same minute as the pizza (chicken with buffalo sauce) was brought to the table, the used plates were exchanged for fresh ones.  :)   Pizza had the right amount of spice and cooked well. :)  One plus point -  pizza was placed on the pizza stand, no burning of knuckles on the pizza pan. 
A few minutes later Maggie came by to check up on us for refills on the drinks.
Half way through the dinner, the other wait staff showed up for work.  
Every one was in a good mood.  
By the time we left, young couples were walking in for drinks & pizza. 
Will return when we are in  N.O.L.A.  :)Dropped by for some pizza after Jazz fest and the BBQ chicken pizza definitely hit the spot. Also tried the good old cheese pizza and that one was actually my fav!To begin with there is mold on the air vents by the bathroom- too bad noticed after we ordered- bathroom and hallway was flooded. No ac working. Pizza came with burned cheese - didn't taste terrible but not what pizza should be like- Place overall seemed disgusting.  My guess is that many of these reviews must be fake-Worst service ever. They clearly are not in the business of selling pizza. Oh and they deliver on foot so if u live more than walking distance don't hold your breath.Not much open in the immediate area after 10 pm, so we ended up here. We had a small Swamp Thing and a large Coach/Veggie-Mite. The total was around $35, so reasonable for four people. The Swamp Thing definitely needed more meat, but it was our favorite. Coach and Veggie-Mite both had lots of toppings, but were nothing special. The crust and sauce on both pizzas was great.
Service was relatively quick and waitress was friendly.They were OUT of penne pasta.  What's the name of the restaurant?  Oh, yeah.  What's the shelf life of penne pasta? 
It took 90 minutes to get our food served to us on Sunday, April 28, 2013 arriving at 9:30 p.m.
The girls each ordered penne dishes, and they got fettuccine instead, because they were "all out of penne"
The female staffer was working hard, but the males were apparently not, the entire place was waiting for food service for over an hour.  Never again.This place I found when I needed a quick bite on a Saturday evening before the Rock and Roll New Orleans Marathon and it was down the street from my hotel: the Hilton Garden Inn - Convention Center. No mess, no fuss with Italian cuisine. Problem is that it can get super crazy with the marathon in town that weekend. Sure enough it was. There was a substantial line of people waiting to get in and be served. I must've waited a good 1/2 hour before introducing myself to the people at the bar and wanted takeout. I had second thoughts about eating here, versus eating at the hotel, but pizza tends to be cheaper than hotel food, so I decided to stick it out with this one.
I got in and out within an hour. I ordered the large Swamp Thing, which ended up to be decent, but not great. Tanked that s.o.b in 20 minutes by myself @ the hotel while preparing for the race the next morning. This is a good place to check out if you are in the mood for Italian and need a change of pace from Cafe du Monte, Poboys, and the numerous Cajun / Creole cuisine joints scattered throughout the French Quarter. It was a decent joint, but I probably thought it would have been alot better if I went earlier than 6pm when it was full on nuts. 
The restaurant itself is small, with seating for at most 30 people, with a bar that's in the middle of the restaurant. I'm sure they're a full bar, so you can order anything you wanted. The atmosphere was moderate to loud, but probably the first impressions can be wrong. It probably would be low key on most nights anyhow. For me, I partied with plenty of liquor after the race, but not before. Still haven't raced with a hangover yet, but there's always a first time for everything - down the road. 
BIf I could rate zero stars this place deserves it. I walked in with a toddler and newborn baby and 3 adults. Place was busy but customers didn't look so happy (should have been my first clue). I asked for a menu but ten minutes later asked if we could order to go. Waitress was too busy giving people their drinks and never bothered to attend us. In the 15-20 min of sitting around no food came out but plenty of rounds of beer. We left hungry and made comment for incoming customers not to waste their time in there. Some others were exiting too and agreed since it took over an hour just to get a couple of orders of spaghetti. None of the workers cared so don't bother. The Gato Negro Mexican restaurant next door was awesome and my toddler ate like a king. Food, service, and atmosphere was exceptional there. So if you're in the mood for pizza, skip this Pie place...unless you just want a beer.The food was decent, at best. Husband's chicken Parmesan sandwich was "just ok."
My biggest complaint is about the service. It took 35 minutes to get a to-go order of a salad and sandwich. About 25 minutes after placing the order we inquired as to how much longer it would take and the waitress rudely replied that they only had one oven and one cook. Huh? Are you for real? Let's say it's true and they normally take incredibly long to fill any order, the experience should still be completely different for the customer. 
At the very least offer the people waiting some water or a drink menu (never happened). Also, perhaps you should mention before order is placed that they are backed up and it will take x minutes to make the food so that said customer can decide either to wait or move on to another business. This is the bare minimum anyone should expect at an establishment. 
Even though we aren't from New Orleans, we wouldn't return if we lived here. That being said, I think we were kind giving this place 2 stars.Fast service even though the bartender was the only wait staff.  Good, solid sandwich for under $10 and an easy walk to the convention center.One of the best cheese pizza's I have ever had!
In NOLA for vacation and the hotel recommended for delivery (kids done with seafood for the night). Quick delivery and well priced. Wish we had one in Austin.Food was decent, but they were severely understaffed. One hostess/waitress/cashier/bartender for the whole place. We literally picked up our own pizza from the kitchen for her because the restaurant was busy.What's all the complaining? They are super nice, the salads were extremely fresh, and the pizza was great! Service couldn't be better. We're here from Seattle and very picky.The pizzas here are off the chain!  I've been here about 4 times, and I've loved the pizza every time. This last weekend we had The Bayou, The Carnivore, and the Spaghetti Bolognese. The spaghetti and the Carnivore were awesome!