THE BEST PLACE TO EAT IN NOLA!! There were 5 of us & we all ordered something different . I had the shrimp & grits & their grits are fried & amazing! Great portion of shrimp & the sauce was to die for. My son had the catfish-excellent. My husband had the burger & he couldn't finish it. We get here a couple of times a year & this is on our permanent list!Go see Sam "The Man at the Bar" A True Entertainer for the New Orleans Night Life and great food recommendations.Food was great customer service was even better. Colleen was an amazing server! Most definitely will grub here again!Located on Bourbon st. Ordered the...
Boiled crawfish - 1 pound for $14 (Market Price)
Jambalaya - $7
Gumbo - $6
The boiled crawfish came with a corn on a cob, sausage, and potatoes. This dish was pretty good, it had a nice spicy season to it.
The gumbo was pretty decent, and was served with chicken and sausage.
The jambalaya with chicken and sausage was a little too salty with little spice or flavor you would expect from a jambalaya.Only had grilled oysters at the bar but the service and the food was so good we went back 3 times!Awesome!  Terry came and introduced me to the restaurant and took my order. Teddy (yes different young men) delivered the drinks. Terry followed up even though I was not his section
Highly recommend. Awesome service. Team atmosphere. These two gentlemen will make the great food here even better. 
My experience is exceptional servers along with great food make this a must stop in the French Quarter. 
Thank you Terry and Teddy!The menu had some interesting things on it that drew us in. We tried the alligator appetizer and the blackened ahi. The alligator was just ehh but the blackened ahi was great. The red beans and rice and the fried shrimp was ok (for lack of a better description.) Took a while to get our order and our server wasn't that friendly. The server for the table next to us was very jovial and seemed like he enjoyed being around people. 
If you check in, you get a free appetizer.Trash! Garbage!. Food quality is mediocre. Waited about 20/25 minutes for lukewarm blackened shrimp pasta. No genuine hospitality. Crew and manager just going through the motions of business. Oysters were small, shriveled up and NOT FRESH! Do not go here on the weekend! They're interested in numbers- not quality food & beverage service.Omgoodness! The food was sooo good! We had a party of nine and didn't have a long wait at all. The waiters and greeters were very friendly. Our waiter was very catering, I wanted to try new food and she suggested some great choices. I tried the shrimp and grits, and loved it! She also recommended the frog legs, which was something I had never tried, and we all loved it! I don't like the restroom set up. The sinks are too high for small people to wash their handsAfter an late afternoon/early evening of walking around the French Quarter we decided to stop in here for some dinner and to experience a dinner on bourbon street!
The waitress was really nice and helpful..we ended up ordering the crab dip for an appetizer and it was so tasty!  I ordered the red bean and sausage for dinner it was good, but nothing to special.....I def. would go back and try something else though....Sat at the bar so we could see the ppl dancing in the street. The bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area. I had ordered the Trio which consisted of three small sample bowls of crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice, and gumbo and I have to say that this meal did not blow My socks off. My husband ordered the Shrimp Po'boy; the bread was soft but the Shrimp was bland, no seasoning at all and instead of giving him boat load of shrimp they filled the sandwich with lettuce and tomato. We were both disappointed seeing that this was our first time in NOLA and we wanted to get a real NOLA experience on Bourbon street but we did not.First I was impressed by the GREAT service. The red beans & rice was delicious. It's a fun place to people watch or to catch a game. My hubby had lobster and the taste of New Orleans platter and enjoyed both. I think we would go again.Fried mushrooms where juicy and hot.
Ahi tuna is not worth mentioning.
Oyster with Tasso and cream sauce was good.
Charbroiled dozen oysters was good as well. 
The oyster Po boy was average, very bland and requested the remoulade sauce to help add some flavor. 
Good spot to people watch while taking a break from all the walking, except for the annoying carnie barking stupid absurdities for the strip club across the street.
All in all a good place to park your tired dogs and grab a drink and bite when you canvass bourbon street.We went here on our last night in NOLA, and it didn't disappoint. We tried the oysters, chargrilled, because we had had them like that at Felix's. They weren't as flavorful as the ones st Felix's, but still tasty. I had the gumbo, which was quite tasty. My sons had a shrimp poboy and an oyster poboy. The consensus was that the shrimp one was better. They were so stuffed full and overflowing with the good stuff, they had a hard time picking them up and eating them! The daughter had jambalaya and pronounced it delicious. I'd say give this place a try. Ask for Ty as your server. She was very sweet.George had gumbo and shrimp and grits.  I had corn and crab soup and pecan crusted catfish.  Everything was delicious and the service was friendly and fast.  Just 10 feet away was the insanity of Friday night on Bourbon Street.Pier 424 has become our go-to place whenever we visit NOLA! The service is friendly and welcoming, the atmosphere is comfortable, and our meals are consistently delicious! We ALWAYS get some raw oysters. They're seriously among the best I've ever had!  Occasionally we'll get the charbroiled oysters as well. Their gumbo is pretty killer too, along with their boiled crawfish. Friends of ours get the crawfish queso blanco every time and they're always happy with it!  I'm looking forward to my next visit!Decent but not outstanding seafood place.  It benefits from a nice interior.  The fish and oysters are just okay for the area though and the location on Bourbon street is either a benefit or a detriment depending on how you feel about it.This restaurant is GREAT!!! All of the food was absolutely delicious!! Right on Bourbon street so SUPER convenient. No wait at all even though Bourbon was a little crowded. The waiters were super nice & helped up with everything!! We got the Seafood Eteuffe and we finished every last drop. I also recommend the Crab & Corn Bisque .... SO DELISH. Will definitely come back here on our next visit!!Ive been here a few times (over the years) but i never sat at the bar, this time i did. The service was much better, we had two bartenders and both were very kind and attentive! The food was good as well, we had the typical Hurricanes but def one of the best ive had there.Food was really good. I got the gumbo and charbroiled oysters. The service was even better. I had no problems when I redeemed my coupon for a free dessert.Decent food, the worst service I have had in years. The waiter disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time despite having several tables in our section. The entrees came out 15 minutes apart. They were out of several of the beers. I guess this explains why everywhere else on Bourbon St had a wait and Pier 424 had empty tables.My friends and I normally don't go to places twice in a year but we came back again the next day so we are giving it 5 stars.DO NOT EAT HERE! Total tourist trap! My husband and I were looking for somewhere convenient to eat after checking out Bourbon Street. We ordered the Shrimp Boil, $24. Not a bad deal had it been halfway edible. The shrimp were so under-thawed that we couldn't even get the skins off. We told the waiter we were disappointed and he offered the Manager. The Manager came over and offered us a whopping $3.60 savings off the dish because the water was too hot. This is our first night in NOLA and probably my second Yelp review ever, but I'm totally disappointed in this place. If you know anything about seafood, do not eat here!First the good: Their chargrilled oysters were absolutely delicious. If you are looking for grilled oysters definitely try them and then get the hell out of there. I am not sure if they are consistently good so beware.
Now for everything else: The service wasn't bad, hostess greeted us and our server was friendly and reasonably attentive. BUT, we ordered 3 lbs of boiled crawfish (May 5th) and they were the worst we have ever had. We are crawfish fanatics so we know what good crawfish tastes/looks like. They were small, the meat was grey, my wife had to spit 3 out because they tasted spoiled, the potatoes/corn were very overcooked. I suspect these had been boiled hours before and were sitting in a cooler for a while. They must have re-heated them either by microwaving them (unlikely) or throwing them back in the boiled pot. Now here is where we screwed up: We didn't complain and we suffered through them and ate most of them. So when we got the bill and saw that it was $14 a pound we threw a fit ( in Austin, TX we pay $8 a pound max!). At that point the manager said there was nothing she could do and that we should have sent them back when we got them. She is right, but we still don't understand how any self respecting cajun restaurant could serve crawfish in that manner. The manager was nice enough to take off 1 pound. 
Our bill of half dozen raw oysters, half dozen grilled oysters, 1 Manhattan and 3 pounds of crawfish came out to nearly $100. We learned to not eat in the French Quarter again.We decided to pop in while on Bourbon Street for dinner before partying. The initial service was good, but it didn't last long. The food took forever to come out and when it did it was not hot. I order the burger and added the Aged cheddar. When the burger came it had shredded cheese sprinkled on top which I can deal with. However the tasteless burger and lukewarm fries were deal breakers. When we were asked about our food by the waitress she didn't bother to apologize when we advised of our issues. The manager came over and asked for feedback which was provided and  she apologized.  Then the waitress brought our checks to the table and left them at the end of the table for us to disturb ourselves. The manager offered to make an adjustment however once the bill was received nothing had been adjusted. Overall the worst restaurant we ate at during our trip.This place is amazing! First time I came here was a year ago, had the best oysters in New Orleans. One year later came back again, still the best oysters in New Orleans. I've tried them at every place I ate, nothing even compares with this place. But what truly made my experience amazing was the bartender Sam. This man should get at least a raise if not an award of some kind! He joked around with us, made us feel very welcomed! Honestly the best experience ever! I've traveled a lot around the country and have never met such an amazing bartender. He's the reason I will be coming back every time! Word of advice, if you can go sit at the bar and ask for Sam, I promise you will not regret it! And order oysters and Crawish Queso Blaco. It's truly amazing!The N.O. Trio of crawfish, chicken, and red beans was like rice soup with flavoring. Hardly any pieces of meat. They added a shrimp dish without me ordering. I thought it was on the house. Few slices of bread, so I had to order more and got charged. All in all, a steep priced dinner for 3 small bowls of gumbo rice...Awesome staff, Sam and his daughter really make the bar with with great customer service and friendly atmosphere. Had some apps with drinks and good times I can't wait to go again.Cool place right down on bourbon. Their food was good but not the best I have had in New Orleans so far, but their Smores bread pudding was AMAZING! You should definitely try it if you stop in!awesome food and service while im visiting NOLA..shrimp platter crab cake complimentary from yelp, great ambiance   thanks for being ok with n MC clubHad a great meal here. First meal after arriving in city. Ordered a burger which was super yummy. Partner got blackened fish Alfredo and loved it. Staff were very friendly and helpful in giving us ideas about places to go. Came back the next day to get the smores bread pudding which was Amazing!!!! Would definitely go back again. Only gave 4 stars as there was a lot of adult activity going on right across street and it was midday. Just a lot to take in while eating lunch... Even for NOLA!!Husband and I walked by this restaurant on our first night in NOLA and made it a point to make sure we would check it out before leaving town. We arrived on a Friday night around 8pm and it was pretty busy but got seated right away. The place is very cute and was really eager to try this place out. It quickly went down hill though once seated. We sat at the table by this hut looking section (two steps, roof, and cute little fence), however this table we sat it and the one on the other side of the steps have got to be by far the worst tables in the restaurant ever. The A/C was blowing so hard that my hair was blowing and it was ice cold air. My husband asked if they could turn it down, however our server said they have to keep it at a certain temp so their floors don't sweat and people don't sue them. That's fine if that's the case but how about trying to accommodate your guest and moving them to another table where it doesn't sit right where the vent is blowing on them. The other issue we had was our drinks. I am dead serious when I say our drinks took 25 minutes from the time we placed our order and by the time it arrived to our table. Our server was nice but it seem like she was extremely overwhelmed when other servers seemed more relaxed. They do however have great oyster and the red fish special w/the potatoes was full of flavors. I don't recommend the Ahi tuna and the only reason why I say this is b/c it's cut so small that the tuna is mostly cooked and I preferred my ahi tuna edges only to be cooked. Overall, I think this place has great food and worth checking out......just be careful where you sit and hope your drinks don't take as long.Pier 424 had the feel of a corporate restaurant that was trying to pull off a local vibe. We placed our drink order and waited 15 mins for one and another 10 for the other. We had placed an appetizer order when the first drink arrived, however, those 12 Oysters Rockefeller we ordered arrived 20 mins later, there was 12 shells, but only 11 oysters. Maybe the meat swam away. When she finally came to take our dinner order, we pointed out the issue, she said they would discount a couple of dollars for the missing oyster. By now, we had had enough and decided to try our luck at another establishment.The food was good.  The staff was amazing! It wasn't the best we've had since we got here,  but,  the bar staff and vibe made up for it.  Lots of fun.  Had a mint julep that was fantastic. The oysters are shucked at the bar. Fun fun.Ordered the dozen grilled oysters. Followed up with
Crawfish claws in a white sauce I can't pronounce.
Drinks: Mojito and the hurricane. Smashed off two 
Not watered down or stale. The hush puppies I sent back as I don't eat raw food. No problem ordered them
Well down. No extra charge. Ask for Dee she is really good and can explain the questions @ the food.
 Gonna go again for tomorrow.Horrible service. Great food. They took FOREVER on food and drinks and getting our check back to us. The bartenders were nice, just SLOW! 
Got the marinated blue crab fingers and a dozen raw oysters, also 4 shots of
tequila and a red dawn and a voo doo doll. Wonderful fruity cocktails.
I did check in to get a free dessert. BUT waited maybe 20 minutes for it and just told the manager to forget it and left. 
I don't get why they were so damn slow...?The atmosphere is really cool and unlike any restaurant I've been to. The marinated crab claws and s'mores bread pudding are amazing!Got the seafood and oyster platters for takeout. Flavor was good, but I was saddened by the small portions for each.This restaurant is not dark like most of the restaurants on Bourbon Street it's very clean the staff look very presentable and the food was great but it's not closed in so you can see all of the street action on BourbonMy only bad food experience in Nola.  The shrimp creole tasted like shrimp in a slightly spicy ragu and the service was ridiculously slow.  I could expand, but quite frankly, this place isn't worth my time (or yours).My family and I took a recent trip to New Orleans and we ate at Pier 424.  The food was really delicious and we had a great server, Julie Ricks.  We thoroughly enjoyed our food and service.Cleo is the greatest waitress ever. She is fantastic She made our experience here the best dinner ever during our vacation to New Orleans. We ordered the shrimp boil, charbroiled oysters, and the alligator!!!Best restaurant in our New Orleans trip!  Every dish we tried here was execellent and once at this place was not enough.  We could not find a better raw oyster in the city.  The service was great! Friendly and cheerful atmosphere.  The choices of truly gourmet meals were plentiful, and surprisingly did not break the bank for the quality found here.  This will always be my first choice in this city!  Try the Dueling Pistols Margaritas while you're at it!We visited  New Orleans Louisiana. We had dinner at Pier 424 and want to say thanks to Sam Cornelius; he's was so kind,  caring and professional.  He makes you feel as though your business is truly desired. Pier 424 is blessed to have such a great employee. Thanks Sam. The food was great.The shrimp and grits were disappointing. I expected big NOLA flavors and it was not there. The crab claw app was great. Service is wonderful. You can sit and look out into bourbon st and watch the craziness.Oh my goodness. I had the shrimp and grits. I could have made a meal out of the corn hash that was lovingly draping over the grit cake, that's right GRIT CAKE. It was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were very tender and cooked just right. You won't be disappointed, everyone in my party was very happy in the tummy after our meal.This place was an amazing surprise! We had walked by before and talked about going in, the next day we actually had the chance! Our dining experience began out well with the very friendly, hostess who sat us and asked about our reason for visiting New Orleans. We then had a young woman named Tyriana who was an absolutely wonderful server, very attentive as well as knowledgable about the menu and area! We began our meal with a cup of the Corn and Crab Bisque which was extremely tasty. Tyriana recommended the Sweet Pecan Fish, which came with a side of candied sweet potato fries. It was extremely well done. One of the other members of our group ordered the Shrim and Maque Choux Grits. This was one of the best meals we had in the area, and paired well with the drink recommendations Tyriana made, as well as the people watching we were able to do from our table by the front window.There was 5 of us on a Sunday night we were staring away.... I should have thought twice. The service was good but the food was just it great, not bad just expect better from a NOLA seafood place.My husband and I were sick all night the first night of our honeymoon after eating here. We asked for bread to settle our stomachs by the end of our meals. Complained and were told that there was nothing they could do. The manager did not care that the food they served made us both sick. The only bad experience we had at a restaurant in New Orleans. Just spend the money and go to Nola. Trust me, it will save you a night of vomiting.Now first of, I've never had Oysters and that's why I had to try them. I had the Oysters Mignoinette and my brother had the some baked oysters. I'd like to tell you that I was swept away in a breeze of sea air and transported to a place of pure taste... but no. There really isn't a lot to do to the oysters, sprinkle with chopped red onion and spash on the vinegar. The onion was a little too coarse chopped and my oysters had not been cleaned sufficiently on the outside therefore upon shucking them some dirt had been pushed into the oyster. Now this got me thinking and therefore I had a shot of whiskey at the end of dinner to ensure a quite evening. 
Now the baked oysters where far supperior too the oysters mignoinette in my mind.
Would I revisit, NoCame in on a Thursday night.  Had a very confusing and long wait.  They do not have a good hostess system in place.  Their waiting area is non-existent and it's impossible to tell who has already been helped.  About 3 different people came to ask us how many we had. We were quoted 20 minutes initially and 10 more minutes about 30 minutes into our wait. Some 20 more minutes later we were finally seated. 
Our waitress was very nice. +1 star for her.
For food we got a popcorn shrimp, fried alligator, fried fish platter, crawfish boil, and shrimp & grits.
Popcorn shrimp, alligator, and fried fish were just okay.  We marveled over their Treme sauce (I would add a half star just for the sauce if I could) more than the proteins.
Crawfish boil wasn't properly purged.  Really killed the whole dish.
Shrimp and grits earned them their 2nd star.  This dish was flavorful, satisfying, and traveled the table because everyone had to try.Made reservations at 8:45 and got shafted in the seating arrangements.
The door man and other host staff were not very knowledgable and inviting. I overheard them say that they are "waiting on the kitchen". If you own a food joint on  Bourbon Street and you have to wait on your kitchen...you're failing at the food service game. This is ridiculous. We left before we got our seats.
Quite possibly the worst dining experience I have had in New Orleans.
AVOID THIS PLACE. Go spend your hard earned dollars on Lucky Dogs.Outstanding.  I was there on a Monday night at 6pm.  Place was not busy yet, but plenty of staff on hand.  
Ate at the bar, and bartender/server was nice and well attentive.  
Food was phenomenal.  I ordered the fresh fish catch of the day.  Asparagus was crisp, potatoes were well seasoned, and whatever the sauce was on the fish was good stuff!!!  
If I lived in the area this would be a regular spot for me.  Price was a little high, but you get what you pay for.  $4.50 for Bud Light bottle doesn't compete with the other places around, but I guess that's the price you pay to have very good food go with it.Food was tasty. We had the crab claw appetizer my husband absolutely loved it. Pricing is average for the area so no surprises there. Definitely recommend if you're in the area.Got to try! Seafood heaven, everything is fresh, great customer service! Cleo was our server, she was very attentive all of her food recommendations were on point!The food was absolutely amazing... my waiter Sam was amazing... he took our orders and even when we were unsure of our choice, he waited. Never been here before. Originally from LA... but would definitely come back again.... THANKS SAMEverything that i ordered was very good here. We started off with a dozen oysters with some special Louisiana HOTT Sauce. Then we got some corn on the cobb and some frog legs. The frog legs were great, taste just like chickenStopped by for oysters and crab & corn chowder.  A great meal!  I would recommend a stop here for good food.Yum. right on Bourbon Street, Shrimp platter amazing and huge portions, crab cake snob approved, and Lawanda made dining at the bar entertaining and home feeling. Def worth it! Tourist approved.I had a bowl of boiled shrimps. It was good but a little bit salty. $24 for 1 pound of shrimps, 2 corns, 3 potatoes, and a slice of sausage was a bit high. Thinner shells so it was harder to peel. Very nice and fresh. Right before this, I returned 1 lb of shrimps to Deanies because I tried one and it did not taste fresh.Service was very friendly. I was boring and got the boiled shrimp, and when it came out I was shocked! Now, keep in mind that I am from Kentucky, all the seafood we eat is imported frozen. When the shrimp came out, the heads were still in tact. I expected to peel, but not have to cut off heads. I gave three stars because it wasn't what I thought of NOLA cuisine. Seemed bland, and came with only one andouille sausage. It wasn't terrible though.COME HERE FOR THE WORST BOIL IN TOWN, TOPPED BY THE MANAGER'S  PERSONAL INCLINCATION TO UNDERMINE THE INTEGRITY OF HIS RESTAURANT WITH A BALD-FACED LIE AND INSISTENCE ABOUT WHAT THEIR KITCHEN PUT OUT.
I would give this restaurant negative stars if I could, for the worst service in town, topped by the Manager's personal inclination to undermine the integrity  and reputation of his restaurant rather than own up to the fact that his kitchen erred egregiously in making our dish. Instead, he would rather continue on with a bald-faced lie and insist on what clearly isn't what their menu indicated they would put out.
Around 3 in the afternoon, we strolled in and ordered 1/2 dozen fresh oysters and the Peel 'N' Eat Shrimp cajun seafood boil at market price. The manager himself personally seated us and took our order. Despite this, 30 minutes later, the oysters had not been shucked yet. Either he had forgotten to place our order altogether, or the person shucking behind the bar did. In either case, we never got this order and I later canceled in light of how bad our other order became.
About the boil... first off, this was advertised as shrimp, andouille sausage, potatoes and corn boiled in their special cajun spicy seasoning, so that you would get "spicy potatoes". What came was in fact, a sad bowl of shrimp, two half ears of corn, and 3 small potatoes boiled in...nothing but saltwater. NOT EVEN ONE SPECKLE OF SPICE WAS ANYWHERE TO BE FOUND.  That was so obvious to anyone looking at the bowl that NO SPICE WAS USED AT ALL. PERIOD. When I pointed out to the Manager that the sausage was missing and more than that--there was no seasoning to the boil whatsoever?!!!  He BALDLY LIED, responding, "This was boiled in our cajun seasoning, what you see is how we do it here in Louisiana."
Really??? Wow, I may not be from New Orleans, or anywhere else in LA, but that doesn't mean that I'm stupid, nor that I haven't had Creole food, or been to ANY OTHER RESTAURANT IN TOWN in the 4 days I spent there on this trip. The Manager asked if we had even tried it. NO, I told him, the boil was visibly lacking in seasoning. You should try it he said.  To humor him, my husband and I cut a potato in half and tasted exactly what I told him it would be...a plain boiled potato, without ANY SPECKLE OF SEASONING. We called him back and told him it was a plain potato with no cajun seasoning (or ANY seasoning), but he insisted that we were wrong.
I sent this dish back to the kitchen and canceled the 1/2 oysters (which still hadn't arrived yet). We paid for our drinks--$16 for one Bloody Mary and one ice tea. No apology from the Manager of Pier 424 for his kitchen's obvious mistake. Course not, he already lied through his teeth just 10 minutes ago, and he and the rest of the staff proceeded to ignore us altogether until we walked out.
Please, save yourself grief and money. There are better places for food, where Managers of restaurants WILL take responsibility for their kitchens and uphold the quality and integrity of the restaurant's kitchen. Pier 424 isn't one of them.Below are the reason this place gets four stars:
1. Everything we ordered tasted great
2. They had no problems making a special drink for us that was not on their menu
3. When the manager heard us say the food was not hot when it came to the table he immediately corrected the problem
4. The drinks were strong
I say go check it out!I'm totally not understanding all the good reviews. Maybe my palate is off, or they were having a bad day - but I can't say that I enjoyed my meal here. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the Seafood Platter, which came with the "Southern Fried Fish". I immediately noticed that the title of the fish is "SOUTHERN FRIED FISH" and not "SOUTHERN FRIED CATFISH".  My boyfriend asked the waitress what kind of fish was on the platter, and she went and asked someone, and returned and stated that it was catfish. Well, we ordered it anyway despite my better judgment. My family is from Arkansas and Mississippi, and the BF is from Louisiana. WE KNOW CATFISH. The fish they served us was NOT catfish (I'm guessing it was whiting, swai, cod, or some other China bred substitute) - which is probably why the menu states "Southern Fried Fish Fillets". 
There was a lot of "filler" on the plate, such as a pile of onion rings (which were cold), fries, toast, and hushpuppies. I'm pretty sure most of the food (including the seafood) was frozen, especially because some of the hush puppies and shrimp were still stuck together. Then, they dressed the plate up with parsley flakes, I guess to make the food look more "homemade" and less frozen. 
The food was also overpriced, we paid $30 for our frozen seafood platter. 
Service - OK. Our waitress wasn't rude, but wasn't overly friendly. I do appreciate the manager walking around and asking if everything is ok. 
There are better places in New Orleans to get your seafood fix. This ain't it. Try GW fins if you want some good seafood in NOLA and don't mind spending a few $.Had a great time on the balcony for the parade food was good I had the wings and they are good
Grab legs thumb down
Boiled shrimp thumbs down
Po boy very good I will try this place againTwo things stuck out about my first experience at this restaurant...
1) The staff was amazing with the children at the restaurant. At several points in the evening, I saw the staff bring out a lobster to show children around the restaurant. You always see children flock to fish tanks, lobster tanks, etc. to see these creatures, however, having eaten at many of seafood restaurants over the years, this was the first time I've ever seen that. Kudos to the staff! We had young ones in our party too and they went above, beyond to cater to this group.
2) The fried shrimp - wow! It was almost as if it melted in my mouth. So many places do not know how to do fried shrimp or fried anything for that matter. Think about it! Breading matters. In a big way. Pier 424 did a great job with the breading on the fried shrimp that I ate and they knocked it out of the park with the hush puppies too, which was just bonus.Slow start but ended great. 
Seafood Lover's Steal!
Had a great time at Pier 24. When my girlfriend and I came inside, there was no one at the door. We gave it about two minutes assuming the greeter might have been seating a table. One gentleman came to front and seemed a little confused as to what was going on. He greeted us then left without seating us. Then greeter Strawberry (I think) came to front and was very friendly and seemed a lot more comfortable at the door. She seated us toward the middle where it was extremely cold. My girlfriend went immediately to the restroom and no server had greeted me for about 5 minutes. Finally Rosa came over and said again she would be right with us. Granted it was hot outside, it was freezing with all the fans going. We even joked with other tables about the air as another lady at another table had her arms covered with her linen napkin. 
Between the million fans and the initial lack of attention I was kind of turned off. Instead of waiting, I went back to the front and asked Strawberry if my girlfriend and I could move to another table towards the front without so many fans circulating. Without hesitation Strawberry got a table closer to the front where there were no fans. 
The ambiance is calm and mellow for a rowdy Bourbon Street which can be a nice change of scenery. A little cold in the restaurant for my liking but that was most restaurants on Bourbon St. altogether. 
Clean and spacious. 
Jamie was our server. She suggested different drink specials as to us being undecided dining here for the first time. She was efficient with taking our orders and knew her menu. I'm a picky eater so I asked plenty questions as to what was in what entrees. She answered all questions without any second guessing. We ordered wine, the seafood trio or combo (red beans & rice, crawfish étouffée, gumbo) and a pound of crab legs that came with corn on the cob and red potatoes. The food came out FAST. At least within 10 minutes. I was quite impressed because the restaurant was pretty busy the entire time we dined there. A manager came over about 5 minutes after we began eating and asked about the food and service. I consider myself a more needier guest and Jamie was very happy to get me anything I asked for immediately. She was friendly and consistent our entire dinner even though it was obvious that she was pretty busy. She was very bubbly and changed my whole mood of what I thought the place would be. Jamie always came to the table smiling and happy so you couldn't help but be happy back. She added to the overall Pier 24 experience and NOLA hospitality. She even told us about some of her favorite places to eat so that we could try other things out. The food was great although I've had better gumbo at other places while visiting... somewhat under seasoned; but it's still good. Also, I asked for no type of chive or green onion garnishes (my receipt showed it was put in) and my food still came with all garnishes. Wasn't that big of a deal because I just picked them off even though I shouldn't have to. 
I didn't find it too expensive. Seafood Dinner and wine for two was only $65 which was great. Average prices was about $11-$20. I am from Maryland where the prices are a lot steeper so I felt like ate great for dirt cheap and the service made it 10x better. Easily would have had a $90 bill up north.  Would give this place 5 stars if the start wasn't so rocky. I definitely recommend this restaurant to the seafood lovers though. Ask for Jamie!We went here on a hunch before we did the bourbon street tour during the week. We went on a wednesday, we were seated immediately at the back of the restaraunt next to the bar & cashier stand. We waited at least 20 minutes for someone to bring us water and a waiter to say she'd be right with us. When she finally came back she was not friendly at all to us. She took my order wrong, i ordered a shrimp plate & received a seafood plate so i had to pick at it. She hung around the restaraunt sitting at other people's tables & chatting them up but never smiled at us the whole time we were there. She also never asked how our meals were. The entire staff stood at the cashier stand talking & hanging out instead of serving customers. The food was terrible too, everything was over cooked & flavorless. We gave her the lowest tip we had given our entire trip, but to be honest she didn't deserve a dime. You'd be better off going to McDonalds and getting better service than going here.Fresh food and friendly staff, only problem was the strip club owner across the street soliciting patrons but not there fault.In the French Quarter you always have a choice for a seafood house; we came to Pier 424 to accommodate our large group of 11 during the Sugar Bowl. 
The service at the bar was friendly, but still had the typical sugary drinks of NOLA-nothing special. Our wait was shorter expected and all of us were excited to have oysters. 
They were out of raw oysters, so I opted for the famous alligator po'boy. It was bread with some alligator., tough meat and disappointing taste. A friend of mine in the group had a plate spilled on her by a waiter. Only offered a managers card for need repairs or cleaning needed to be done to her purse. We were thinking they might pick up her tab after having a half eaten salad spilled into her lap and purse!
We were throughly disappointed with the service and underwhelmed by the food. Might have been different with a smaller group but that should not effect the service. I would recommend going elsewhere if you are searching for savory seafood.I stopped in after the Charger/Saints game for a bite and got some oysters and a beer.  The beer was cold  but the oysters were shucked by an amateur.  There were bits of shell all over the inside.  It kinda cut into my enjoyment.  The horseradish was powerful and the flavor was good.
Other than that it seemed a professionally run restaurant and they had plenty of seating and were open after midnight on a Sunday.I had a great experience. Sat at the bar and ordered crab claws.  They were perfection with toast! The bartender Erika was excellent and really took care of me. I went back again another day while there.I stopped here with a few friends for lunch and we weren't disappointed. The corn & crab bisque came in a fulfilling portion size. The bisque was hot and delicious. It is topped with a hush puppy which compliments the dish well. The shrimp platter was more food than anticipated. The platter comes with shrimp, fries, onion rings, and hush puppies, all piled upon each other. They did not skimp on the amount of shrimp served in the dish. The shrimp had the right amount of breading and was seasoned nicely. The service was friendly, especially since we were a larger party. The menu is fairly priced. Couples dining ranges around $80 including 2 alcoholic beverages (the hurricanes here were great), 2 appetizers, & 2 entrees. The corn and crab bisque alone would lure me back to this restaurant the next time I'm in town.This is one of the best restaurants I've eaten at on bourbon st. The service was on point the food was great and the music was ok.So if you are in town visiting or just a local stop by a grab a bit to eat.Good place to eat, I wouldn't call it amazing, but the food was pretty good, the service was a little slow and the drinks were just so-so. Started with the NOLA bites, then got the crab stuffed shrimp, they were okay, the menu didn't mention the they were fried.Went here for our first nights dinner in NOLA. Sat right near the street so it was fun to people watch while we enjoyed our meal. The food was good! The waitress seemed like she had a lot of tables so service was a little slow but still quality. We got fried alligator for an appetizer which was delicious and then split a Seafood Platter. Delicious but so much fried food! Overall pleased with the visit! 
The place is across the street from a strip club where the ladies try and bring in a crowd. It was more than entertaining to see!VERY slow service, food just ok, ordered raw oysters they never were served. Gave up paid $35 for ice tea diet coke shrimp skewer small gumbo and 6 oysters cooked in cheese.Great oysters and great meal! Raymond working behind the bar equals a good experience. He rocks! Best personality on Bourbon Street! A real guy! Ask him about his kids!  We loved him!Date Night!
Decided to stop for drinks and a couple of appetizers-Raw oysters and fried crocodile. We ordered drinks. We received the drinks, but I asked for water. The waiter never brought water. My husband asked for another margarita and he brought it to my husband 20 minutes later. It was in a plastic cup. The waiter chuckled and said they ran out of glasses. I had to ask for my water again. By this time we had been waiting for our appetizers over an hour! I told my husband that maybe we should just pay for our drinks and leave. We than noticed another couple sat down by us and ordered food. 1/2 hour later their food came and they were eating. My husband and I were still waiting for our appetizers. My husband went up to the staff and told them that we wanted to pay for our drinks because we were tired of waiting for our food! The only thing good out of this is that they didn't charge us for the drinks. 
Service was very bad at this restaurant. It was as if they didn't have enough staff to run the restaurant.Great food and they take good care of Military. Our server Alyssa was super attentive and had a very postive attitude. I'll definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends back home.