One of my favorite places - great coffee, food, and bar.  The staff here is the best - always pleasant and they know their customers.  If you work in the CBD, I recommend this as your morning coffee stop.  The lunch menu is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.  After work is the perfect time to hit the rooftop bar - happy hour and daily drink specials abound.  I've been coming here since they opened in April - highly recommend it!Great location and the rooftop lounge area of the hotel is beautiful, but the service killed the experience. The bartender took a while to make two drinks, and even though she was lacking a key ingredient to make them, she handed us the drinks and explained she "made it work". The drinks were bitter and very hard to drink. She then charged us a different price than what was in their menu, and acted as if she was doing us a favor by giving us correct change. Lastly, when we asked her for a wifi password, she smugly gave us the wrong password, which we had to ask another employee for.Very cool spot regardless if you're inside at the Pisco Bar or enjoying the scenery from the rooftop.
Excellent happy hour, daily specials. Tristan was our bartender both times and was so attentive and made a damn good cocktail.
Highly recommend, especially since Pisco isn't something I've really seen around the city.Service with a smile was on point and the conversation with the people was lovely! Super friendly and gave some great recommendations to try as this is our first time to New Orleans. Personal touch on the drinks as well as the coffee. Looking for a great 'mule', Chilano is the drink to get.Yelp, this was a joke. Almost none of the menu exists. No table service and prices, for the existing menu are a joke.Attached to Cata Houla Hotel. Environment is twin: one is Bar side the other is upstairs deck.  Pisco sour is real, no short cuts and they have a full bar. Lomo Saltado was as a sandwich with a salad- both were very good or excellent if you like Peruvian spices, And for the area inexpensive. Cool plate that was a heavy piece of polished stone. Service was very good and bar tender was a listener. Public parking nearby. I'll be back! But earlier.I love this place! Came for lunch the other day and just wanted to try a bit of everything. The tuna ceviche was fresh and delicious, also had a pisco and tonic and espresso afterwards. Zoe helped explain everything well and really delivered. The cocktail was refreshing, interesting too with their grapefruit Campari ice! I think the espresso was Ethiopian. I'm hard to please with coffee, but this one hit all the right spots. I'll be back for more--can't wait to see what happens with their menu expansionTruly a beautiful place to get incredible drinks that are better than fairly priced. 
However the pièce de resistance is the incredible bartender Lydia who serves quickly and beautifully. Moreover, she is wonderful to talk to and has a fantastic energy that has truly made me feel at home. Coming back for many more drinks!Rude ass staff haven't been here 20mins and they attitudes are horrible. This is a fairly new hotel it will make 1 yr this April. Just the greeting from them especially the workers at the bar was horrible !! So horrible we're cancelling and moving hotels I won't tolerate shitty attitudes from nowhere where I'm paying my money! I also ordered food from the bar fries and a burger. They said they didn't have any ketchup. Then the guy proceeds to a table in the area and scoops me up some ketchup that has been sitting there. I asked could I have something that hasn't been sitting out. He said no we don't have any. So why would u give me some ketchup that's been sitting out in a cup on a table all day. So unsanitary and rude. It was disgusting the way this guy talked to me! I will never recommend this place to anyone. the lady that checked us in was friendly however but not the bar staff or waiters! Seems as if they hate their job!Stumbled upon this bar whilst exploring the town and it was the best experience. The bartenders are super knowledge and a great time. Definitely recommend!Located in the back of the Catahoula hotel I thought I had found a hidden gem.  It is very hard to find and has a cool rooftop setting.  These are the only two good or resounding points of this place.  The bar tender was a super rude girl who obviously had no interest in being there.  The drink prices were a bit high even at happy hour for the quality of the beverages.  And to top it off had to correct the bar tender on her math for the bill.  Definitely not the hidden gem I had hoped for.  Go somewhere else!Cool cafe spot to do work or relax. I didn't feel like I was in New Orleans... It felt like I was in a cafe in Hoboken or in the city. I came here with the intent of eating ceviche (couldn't find any other spot around!) but was told kitchen open up at 4pm. Merp. That was a fail. The espresso here is great, though!Perfect stop while you are bar hopping in the quarter. Great drinks and bartenders,could have stayed all night!Stopped in for happy hour today. Has the Chileans to drink. very tasty. Nice quaint bar in the CBD. Located in a quaint Botique hotel. Had an order of Catahoula fries, which were quite tasty. The bar has a very large selection of Piscos.From start to finish, I was wowed. Spicy corn guacamole, sweet potato bisque, hearty, loaded avocado sandwich... all delicious, unique and packed with bold flavors. The service was impeccable, and I appreciated how attentive the service was without being intrusive during our large group dinner. Their dinner menu consists of lighter fare, and the prices are moderate for a great delicious dinner in a beautiful courtyard setting. I'd recommend for an intimate dinner or date night, as it's a cozy neighborhood restaurant that will impress.What a beautiful way to make use of gorgeous old structures. Amazing architectural resourcefulness of using multiple buildings to create a hotel and a cafe/bar with a unique indoor/outdoor blend.
Enjoyed a mixed drink at the rooftop bar, but ducked inside so that we wouldn't interrupt the film viewing put together on the rooftop (popcorn and jambalaya inclusive!). 
Tapas-style dinner downstairs in the cafe was fun, super gourmet/tasty, and visually appealing. Our bartender Travis was helpful in helping us choose the plates and even designed a drink for us with his unique touch. 
It's the whole package. I'm planning to stay at this hotel next time I'm in town.Great varieties of Pisco in an eclectic atmosphere. Nice service and beautiful rooftop. Perfect for groups and have a great time. I'm Peruvian and was impressed with their Pisco selections!Nasty service behind the bar especially the girl named chelsea. The chef was friendly but the lomo saltado was overcooked, the bread was stale, and the ceviche was disappointing. Time for the hotel to reboot and clear out most of the staff.The food menu really didn't inspire me much as other than traditional Spanish tapas I'm not that inspired by small plates and a great deal of the food seemed to be some type of ceviche with a Peruvian flair to all the dishes.  The cafe & bar space really seems much more bar than cafe.  They do have some happy hour specials here and the space is still very new so not many people even know about this spot yet with the result that the space is sparsely populated with customers.  The location is a bit off the beaten path but some intrepid tourists and locals might be drawn to escape to this location as it currently offers an excellent space for privacy or introverted reflection.
Overall I'm a bit confused why they called this place Catahoula as that is a very Louisiana dog and Parish which isn't reflected in anyway whatsoever it the food or culture of this cafe & bar.  I'm really not sure why they didn't go with some Peruvian name as this place seems to be all Peru and nothing Louisiana other than location.Tiki bars are my calling according to my husband!? I don't mind a good cocktail and an umbrella once in a while to make myself feel better so I won't argue him.  Even though I want to roll my eyes everytime.
The drinks here are very personalized and the vibe is definitely a bit more lounge than tiki.  Had a few with the girls and it was a great time.  Our drinks were strong and definitely not the typical sugary beverage.  I had the ALGARROBINA - a creamy drink made with sap from algarrobina tree pods which also contained raw egg yolk.  Tart, sweet, bitters and a unique creamy texture from the egg.  All to make for a interesting cocktail.  
The Service is great and the outdoors is a nice touch.Stayed here for one night and I must say it was all good and very nice but they blew me away with their espresso. Even if I don't stay here again I'm going by just to grab a latte from this place. Random gold mind of a coffee shop. A coffee lovers dream.Perfect cocktails, reviving espresso and basically everything is made in house. We didn't eat here, but stopped in for drinks mid-afternoon. The Pisco Sour is as good as any you'll find in Peru, the orange juice freshly squeezed and the coffee will bring you back to life. 
Keep it classy and add this place to your tripWe stayed in the Catahoula hotel for our recent trip to NOLA and decided to eat an early dinner in the hotel bar. We ordered the Peruvian ceviche - not bad, but a very small portion - and the Catahoula fries, once we were told they were out of the corn fritters. It's never good when you already have a small menu and something is not available. 
My biggest "complaint" about our experience was the service. After the amazing staff we encountered at the front desk, we expected the great service to extend into the bar, but unfortunately, the bartenders seemed more interested in other customers than us. Also, a smile would be great!Great location, terrible service. Staying at the hotel, so I made my way into the bar twice. The first day it took about 20 minutes to get a drink. The bar was anything but busy, and the bartender could not care less about his customers. I figured it was an off day, things happen. Went back again our second night and it was even worse. Sat at the bar for ten to fifteen minutes as the bartender (bleached blonde hair male with tattoos) completely ignored me. It was so bad that the locals next to me tried to order me a drink. When I asked for his attention politely, he said he'd get to me rudely. I walked out. Don't bother with this place. Plenty better locations in this great city.We were staying at the Holiday Inn around the corner from this place and I LOVE pisco so we definitely wanted to check it out. The drinks are on point, well priced, and the ambiance is amazing. You can sit inside or outside, and the staff definitely knows how to balance attention to you and leaving you alone. 
One of the best parts of this place is the vegan pop-up, Midnight Noodle, that was there (and I believe I heard them say it is there every Friday! We tried the scallion pancake and the mock pork dumplings. The pancake was amazing! The dumplings were great, but the sauce was the best part rather than the filling. 
Certainly check this place out if you're visiting and want something slightly more relaxed than the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street.We didn't try the food but the cocktails were unbelievable. The bartenders were extremely knowledgeable and friendly. I was super impressed with the quality of the drinks and the info on piscoWent on a Monday night with four friends and had a great time! Not a traditional sit down restaurant they have an indoor bar and a few indoor tables, an outdoor courtyard, and a rooftop bar (closed on Mondays & Tuesdays). There was only one bartender/ server working when I went so service was a little slow, only reason I'm not giving this place a 5.
They have an extensive drink menu and specials for every day of the week. The bartender was super knowledgeable and friendly in helping us pick out drinks. They have a smaller food menu but a good variety of items. Portion sizes are on the smaller size but it's also inexpensive. 
I'd say this is best for a smaller late night dinner or just going out for drinks. But a solid place downtown!Hidden gem with great cocktails, service, and ambience. Love the rooftop bar nestled in a canopy in the back. 
BONUS: If you order the banana smoothie, you get a banana/dolphin garnish. Why the hell not?Stopped by while my bf and I were in town for a conference in October, being from the northeast I wanted to take advantage of something we don't have too often... a sunny rooftop bar. So funny thing is we never made it to the rooftop, because we ended up sitting at the downstairs bar and it was too good to leave. The cocktails are amazingly crafted and the bar staff were great to watch as they crafted drinks and chat with. It's an intimate space but never felt crowded. After exploring the  bar/restaurant scene for a few days and not finding a better cocktail around we even came back a second night (still didn't make it to the roof!). We were treated to an impromptu piano performance by another one of the patrons that night. The piano sits in the entry/hall between the hotel reception area and the bar. The back leads out to an open courtyard that the guest rooms open on to; too bad we didn't know about the hotel before or we definitely would have stayed.Bartender was very attentive only reason why 4 rather than 5 was the upstairs bar was not open. We didn't have an opportunity to try the food, but definitely will return.A group of about six of us stopped into this bar for a drink on New Year's Day simply because it was the closest bar to Clue Carre. I didn't expect anything special from it, but boy, were we in for a surprise! But I'll skip the anecdote and get right to the breakdown:
THE GOOD:
+ Creativity- this bar should get 5 stars alone for their creative cocktail combinations! I'm sure you can get your "usual" here, but don't! Try something new- order off their menu, and you'll be delighted. In our medium-sized group, each person got a drink nobody else had ever tried before... so we all got to try six new drinks!
+ Presentation- not only have they mastered new flavor, but the folks here go out of their way to present the drink with some... pizzazz! (not to be confused with pizza. Thanks autocorrect.)
+ Service- I cannot speak to what the service is like on a busy Saturday night, but on our trip, the gals behind the bar were friendly, vivacious, and happy to answer any menu questions we had. 
THE BAD: 
- Not a lot of big tables for big groups (I didn't actually have anything bad to put here.)
THE UGLY:
No ugly here!
RECOMMENDATIONS:
Get the "Coolest Kid in the Class" Cocktail ... I won't ruin the surprise of why it's awesome, but it's awesome. Order it. Trust me.You come in and the bar is very unsuspecting, tucked in a cute corner with vintage charm. You'll see a sign for Midnight Noodle before you get into the bar. I really appreciate the Peruvian drinks, although they aren't the best pisco sours I ever had, they did a pretty good job. There are a lot of places to sit while still being a cute, intimate bar: the outdoor courtyard, the bar, the hotel lobby, and some cute tables. Overall, a nice find for a couple Peruvian cocktails.I had been dying to check this place out for a while and got the chance today. The hotel and patio are really well done. The cafe leaves a little to be desired. The menu doesn't have a lot of plate lunches and most of it is ethnic so if you don't know what it is you can be in for a surprise. It looked like all of the items were small and you have to order at the bar. The server brought our food at different times and never followed up see if we needed anything. Might stop in for a drink but not a go to place for food.This bar was absolutely wonderful.  The bartenders, Lydia and Adrian (Adrien/Adrienne?), were so friendly and were bursting with knowledge and fun facts about their liquors.  My friends and I killed nearly 2 hours there and they flew right by.  I do not drink, but Lydia made me 2 non-alcoholic drinks without me even asking.  What an absolute gem of a human being.  My friends loved their drinks and we would all recommend this bar without hesitation.  We will 100% be back.Really unsure if it's just a secret or if it's just new because I'm in love.  Coffee is just top notch, I'm here for a work trip and happened to stumble upon this place while walking.  Totally peaceful atmosphere in the morning, great vibe.  Good coffee and friendly baristas.So many hotel bars are soulless... just a spot to unwind after a rough day of travel. Not this one. It's so frigging cute! 
It's small space but that just makes it cozy. It has vintage charm for days. Plus if the light/weather is right, the patio is perfect and lots of folks were wandering out to take selfies in front of exposed brick walls.
The bartenders were solid and the bubbles were cold. Plus there's a pop up for snacks and you can pay for that at the bar. Definitely a spot I'd pop into again.Absolutely fantastic. By happenstance, stumbled upon Pisco after a recent menu change - drinks were great! The Card from Karen was a favorite of our group. And the pop-up brunch on Sunday by Kinoko was one of the best meals I had while visiting New Orleans.Rude.
Ok so you dont open for 45 minutes, what is the reason to state to a group of locals not only that fact but that your from Florida and "hate" New Orleans(?) all in one minute! we will spread the word for you, got itI wanted to really like this place for a lot of reasons BUT, my experience was less than favorable.
They are very short staffed behind the bar. I waited over 15 minutes for a drink and then they didn't even have what I ordered :(
I ordered a different drink, but in the process of her making it, she dropped the bottle of rum and we were all hit with little shards of glass and covered in rum. My drink then had to be substituted again, and I wasn't a fan.
Another woman and I both told the gentleman that was cleaning the broken bottle that pieces of broken glass flew into the ice container... he simply said "it'll be okay" and ignored it. I switched to a beer after that, not wanting to risk it.
My food was served-but not exactly to me. It was placed on the bar somewhat close to me and after a few minutes of no one saying anything, I just assumed it was mine. I waited another few minutes for silverware until I finally just got up to get it myself. No one asked how my food was.
The bartender was veryyy sweet and she did give me a discount on the bill, but they just need more help behind the bar... So many people were waiting for things. It was too busy for just one person. I felt bad for her. Through everything, she kept a smile on her face and held her composure. Honestly, I even feel bad writing this because of how sweet she was.
Kudos to the bartender
Suggestion to the establishment: you need to be better staffed
And finally, a warning to the man who cleaned the broken glass: ignoring 2 customer's concern about a possible hazard is a liability waiting to happen.This place is a hidden gem, which is why it took me so long to write this review. But, I decided that I should share this deliciousness with you. I'm sorry to say that they have since altered the menu, but I'm sure everything on it now is phenomenal as well!
I was blown away by every single bite I put into my mouth. My favorites were the spicy stuffed buna and Mardi Gras dumplings. I'm not even ashamed that I dream about them sometimes...
Spicy Stuffed Buns: filed with glass noodles, shiitake mushrooms, spinach, and ginger. Topped with house chili oil and sweet soy vinegar
Night Market Dumplings: filled with cabbage, shiitake, carrot, zucchini, and tofu
Pickled Bok Choy: pickled with ginger, garlic, and Thai chili
Mardi Gras Dumplings: filled with yams, cabbage, and scallions. Served with yellow curry sauce
Y'all need to check out this place in the Catahoula Hotel! I'd give 10 stars if I could.I'm giving this bar 1 star for not doing anything to correct the wrong information in yelp. The reviews and the pictures show a Peruvian menu that doesn't exist, the barman told us they stop serving food a year ago and now is just a bar that serves like 4 or 5 kinds of appetizers none of them Peruvian. The drinks were decent but the service or the place weren't . Having just a barman and no more service in the room doesn't exactly say that they care for customers.
Hi Chelsea thank you for answering... it shows that you care, when we went in there was no one to great us or sit us so we asked the barman if we could sit and he said yes you can but anyways you need to get up and order at the bar .... so we sat at he bar and asked for the food menu and he said "this is not a restaurant this is a bar that serves some appetizers " 2 more parties came in while I was there asking for the menu too we were all tourists and he said the same you can sit no one else would take your order so ppl had to get up to pick their menu and do the order and come back.... that didn't seem like the best way to offer service....Piscobar has a really unique vibe! The happy hour 50cent dumplings were absolutely delicious and came out of the kitchen hot and fresh!! The drinks were all refreshing and reasonably priced. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it was very hot inside. I wish the AC worked a little better or there were some fans, however the food and rink made up for it!Delicious small plates and priced right! We devoured everything! Would recommend to anyone looking for a quiet lowkey night with great cocktails and a nice vibe.Came on Sunday when the kitchen was closed and had food from a popcart.
The bartender was great and the pzt or pyt was mind-blowing ( tequila, coconut cream, pandan,   blue Curacao). Just amazing!
Other cocktails were good too and the food from the push cart was amazing as wellAmazing bartenders and great vegan food. We loved the dumplings! Get both the sweet potato and nighthawk, they offer different flavors and textures. The mushroom toast texture is great. We didn't get to try the curry or noodles, but we'll be back!Small bar that's tucked away and great potential to be your next go to place. Small food menu that is all vegetarian. Don't fret if you aren't vegetarian. The food is delicious and will impress the mightiest of carnivores.Quaint little bar in the Catahoula hotel that specializes in Pisco and craft cocktails. If you don't know which drink you'd like to have, just ask Sean for a recommendation. He's the best! 
Also don't miss their happy hour specials including their vegan dumplings! I'm not vegan but the food they serve here is bomb!!! 
You can't go wrong with the cocktails, food or service!Our trip to the Piscobar was pretty good! Unfortunately, they were sold out of a few items by the time we arrived. We happened to be there for happy hour and dumplings were only $0.50. The dumplings were absolutely delicious. We also ordered a mushroom toast and a few drinks. Overall the food was good, bartenders were friendly and fast. All food is plant based and reasonably priced.Ate here last night with a friend, and we ordered everything on the menu, except the mardi gras buns. It was delicious. Each dish was delicious and unique, spicey, fresh and hot. Service was delightful. Bartender was friendly and helpful.
As we were readying to leave, i touched the shoulder of the young woman who had served our food and whispered that while the food and service was exceptional, the restroom needed attention. She thanked me sincerely and went right to take care of it. She came back as we were heading out to thank me again, saying that she was the owner, and she appreciated me letting her know about the loo.
Cannot wait to go back.Piscobar is nestled within the friendly confines of The Catahoula Boutique Hotel and I absolutely loved it! If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be here a lot. Service was great and there's just a really cool vibe throughout. I recommend exploring the grounds and the various spaces the hotel offers, including the roof top area. In fact, my brother stayed at this boutique hotel for a few nights and loved it.
As for liquid consumables, we started with coffee and finished with cocktails. Their espresso was tasty and the pull was excellent; the tranquil environment enhanced it even more. For cocktails I had to try their Pisco Sour. I must admit, I got completely spoiled by the many Pisco Sours I had in Lima, Peru last year. None I've had before or since have even come close to measuring up to the ones there. I mean, it's not even close. While the Pisco Sour here doesn't measure up either, when comparing it with others that I've had outside of Peru this would be the best one. I also tasted their Desiigner (with an extra i) cocktail which consists of Pisco, Pineapple, Coconut, Pandan, Blanc Vermouth. It was great. I'm a Pandan fan and it worked perfectly with the other ingredients making for a tasty and refreshing cocktail.
Our barista/bartender was super nice and I wish I had more time here to explore their drink options further, including their coffee cocktails, but unfortunately I did not. This bar and the Catahoula hotel are gems definitely worth stopping by.I love novelty in my food (and in my cocktails), and this place struck gold on both counts.I was super excited to try this place but somewhat disappointed after our experience .  The night hawk dumplings and the sweet potato dumplings were delicious but looks like they were thrown on the plate. It also took over 30 minutes to come from the kitchen.  We were almost late for our play.  They were out of the noodle plate (again).  We got the chickpea curry which was so spicy it was inedible.  Don't know if it was an off night or maybe new kitchen staff.The service here is not good at all, which is unfortunate considering the food was ok. Not great. Ok. Drinks are unique and give the place a lot of potential. Unfortunately the service negatively l outshines everything else. Choose someplace else.I loved that I got (I think it was the pisco punch). And I had a taste of the pisco sour which I also thought was yummy. 
It was a little odd because the menus were not updated and some things on the menu were out. 
I liked the environment and LOVED the rooftop!! I'd come back just for the rooftop.We stopped here for drinks. It's a small bar in a boutique hotel. The drinks were good (hence 3 stars) but the service was not so great, it seemed the bartender had friends of regulars because she took a bit to check on us and the couple that sat next to us (after we arrived). Again, drinks were great if you love Pisco (I do ) but don't expect great service.I really enjoyed this place! First of all, the dumplings, especially the sweet potato ones, are excellent. I am sorry I wasn't able to have the noodle dish but I was told that is a must-have. Next time! I love how this place only serves vegan food! THANK YOU!
The bartender, Kieran, was also a good conversationalist and made great cocktails, many of them off menu. I highly recommend this place and will be back when I return to New Orleans!Was looking for a place to eat with a friend visiting from out of town who is vegetarian. Google led me to this place and the menu and pictures online looked delicious. I am a sucker for Yucca so when I saw it advertised, I had to check it out. 
The place itself is beautiful. There is a small outside patio which is inviting and quaint. We shared the space with a lizard, who was spent the late afternoon sunning himself on the window frame. The bartender was friendly and came out side and wiped down the seats, which had become wet during the afternoon shower. But oddly enough, never came back outside to bring us menus or ask if we needed anything. Several staff members past us too. Perhaps they thought we were already being waited on. 
After we retrieved menus from the bartender ourselves, I was disappointed to find out the menu didn't match what was advertised online. There are 14 different pictures of food on the website and not one of them is on the menu. The hours of operation are also wrong. 
I went inside to place our order and inquired about the menu difference. She told me that the menu had changed "awhile ago". She said many people have questioned the menu and corporate has been notified but "refuse to make changes to the website."
Regardless, we ordered food and the rest of the stay was good. The food arrived promptly and the drinks were brought to us swiftly. We ordered the Ceviche Del Dia, Patatas Bravas en Salsa Criolla, and the Pimientos Rellenos. The food was tasty. Fair warning, the Rellenos isn't spicy per se, but there are pieces in there that offers quite the kick. I found the hot pepper piece and half my tongue started going numb! 
I found it interesting that their weekly special dishes consisted of 5 items, of which 4 of them were desserts. LOL
Learning the corporate office doesn't update their website makes me wonder else they aren't handling.
There is a bar atop the hotel too but I didn't wander up there. If you are looking for a cute place for a small bite to eat, in a memorable setting, this is it. I wasn't blown away by the food but I would definitely try this place again.Looking for close by vegan options when staying in New Orleans, we went to Piscobar.  The place was cool, nice ambiance.  Bar tender was great.  We ordered his special drinks (porch light?  I forget) and they were great...went back for another round.  The star of the dinner was the dumplings.  They were also on happy hour special at 50 cents each so we ordered a ton of them.  Tasty!I was so happy to finally visit when they were open. I usually find my way there a little late and I believe they close at 12 am. The wanderer was an amazing cocktail and recommendation by the bartender. But if the cocktail didn't please you the bartenders Jesse and Wade (I believe that's his name) sure will. They were super pleasant and made me feel so welcome. The space at the hotel is already warm and inviting and those two made me feel as though I was a regular. I tried their vegan version of pork dumplings and they were delicious. If you want to get some fresh air head up to the roof top bar it's a nice space with a decent view.For as unsold as I am on the hotel, the restaurant is a whole different story. Wow! In a city that prides itself on delicious food no matter where you go, the Catahoula Cafe stands tall/proud in the crowd.
First off, this is a pisco bar which means you're going to get very drunk and enjoy every sip as you do so. There's not a lot I miss about living in Miami but my new city's lack of Peruvian options does get me a little down. I was happy to get reacquainted with a favored spirit here. And, boy, did I. I began my menu exploration with the Chinguertio. I couldn't pronounce it, but you better believe I pronounced every drop of pisco, cinnamon, muddled grapes, and lime that were in the cocktail.* The Chinguertio turned to a Chilcano Granada (passionfruit, pomegranate, pisco, and ginger beer). A Chilcano Granada turned into a Pisco Punch. A Pisco Punch turned back into a Chinguertio... which turned into red wine... which, eventually, turned into a Little Black Star (rum, luxardo liqueur, lime, orange curacao, and coffee syrup) -- to wake me up.**
With such a developed cocktail program, you might imagine the Catahoula would rely solely on the libations. Nope! The food program pairs well with the drinks (which are the admitted stars of the show). Don't come expecting high-end, full-on plates. These are elevated bar selections that help you drink more pisco. I started with some of the most addicting guacamole I've ever had. To soak up*** my drinks, I decided on the Peruvian Palta Rellena (a stuffed avocado shrimp salad) and seasoned fries topped with equally seasoned pulled pork. No, not the most innovative of cuisine... Yes, it's delicious and will keep you upright after downing your body weight in pisco.
I wouldn't stay at the hotel again, but I'd pop in for a drink and snack any time. Props to Catahoula for serving up Peruvian fare in such a magically delicious way. New Orleans, you're full of surprises.
*Well, slurred.
** I will not be judged.
*** Valiant effort.I will not be back to this place. The bartender openly, rudely, and aggressively stated that he hates New Orleans to a group of locals. Needless to say, all 10 of us walked out without spending a dollar. Absolutely disgusted by his behavior.I absolutely love this bar! Even though I live in New Orleans, I stayed at the Catahoula last year for a work conference and my team happily convened morning, noon and night here. Delicious coffee drinks in the morning, lovely evening wines and cocktails early evening, and not gonna lie, we might have closed the bar down at least twice when night caps turned into, "Oh shit, we have to get up bright and early" (starting the day bright and early was almost a cheerful affair because it meant sipping espresso drinks surrounded by such urbane tropical environs!)
That courtyard is a magical place. It's an Instagram paradise, with a 3 story mural, Edison bulb lighting, plenty of tables for you to enjoy your drink and pretend that you're in Latin America. I visited the other evening for some Midnight Noodle (vegan Taiwanese pop-up) and although it was a slower night than usual, no one strolling in could resist the vibe and ended up staying a while. This, even with the lure of the rooftop bar above (separate review).
I'm not sure of the name of the bartender working this past Saturday evening, but I really just adore her! She extremely nice and engaging and pours her cocktails with supreme care... I stuck to Cava the other night and it was served up cold and bubbly. 
You have to appreciate this oasis at the edge of the CBD. I can't say that there's a ton of hotel bars where I'd choose to become a regular, but this is surely one of them.Walked in and thought it was a nice bar but then went to the bar to get a drink and was told they weren't open for a few minutes and also he hates New Orleans what a disappointment and a waste if a representative for a new Orleans Establishment.I've lived around the corner for two months now and have never heard of this place! I am super stoked to have randomly stumbled upon it because I can see this being a go to spot for me. 
The cocktail menu is a decent size and they also serve beer and wine. I went with a rum based cocktail with hibiscus, lime & mint (unsure of the actual name). The cocktails are around $12 but I feel that is fair. 
After searching this place up after the fact, turns out they have a plant based menu! Whenever I've searched for this type food on Yelp this place doesn't come up which is why I think it's such a hidden gem. Absolutely will be back to try their food & I will report back!Waites is a phenomenal bartender! I'm sorry to my Madigans loves, but his technique is impeccable! We had a function for my program at the bar and I fell in love with the chilcano, a Peruvian version of a Moscow mule, but with pisco! Unique, sweet, and his little trick with the mint gave it such a nice scent and added a tiny hint of mint to make it the perfect little drink! Also tried the Incan 75 and the D'artagnan, a Pisco martini! This pisco is such a unique earthy sweet flavor... Might just be my new favorite alcohol!
Also, Waites handled our party of 15 people with ease, was super polite and courteous, and was incredibly knowledgeable about his techniques and the type of alcohol used... I learned so much! It's definitely a nice treat to get a drink and a history/knowledge lesson! I hate parking downtown, but will definitely be back for this!Piscobar is an awesome spot to grab some beautiful drinks or chill with friends. You can sit inside at the bar, in the hotel lobby, in a beautiful courtyard, or UP ON THE ROOFTOP! Make sure you get there early on the weekends because their famous happy-hour dumplings always sell out, and you definitely won't want to miss them.
Pisco is a peruvian spirit made from grapes and was first created in the 16th century. If you have never had it before, I would highly recommend getting a Pisco Punch or Pisco Sour to truly appreciate this unique liquer.
This place has friendly bartenders, an amazing ambiance, and great drinks. You should definitely stop by and grab a drink (or two).