This place is BOMB!! Went twice within a week. The bowl and the burrito are my favorites.I am a vegan and it's really nice the wide variety of vegetables there are here! So I wanted to see what they would recommend and I went with their shroom bowl which came with brown rice, season sprouts, mushrooms, tofu, green onion, and pickled daikon, and more! They even gave me some of their vegan sauces to try for free! The flavor of the bowl wasn't anything special, but with the sauce, especially that miso ginger, it was amazing! The staff was very friendly, they took time to show me all my vegan options and they really cared. Beautiful place, very clean, nice art on the walls. Definitely worth a try. UPDATE-- I came back and tried the sushirrito and I customized it myself putting it as I'd like, it was soooo delicious! Plus if you are vegan and just get the tofu as your protein you get a premium topping like avocado or seaweed salad or something like that for free!Canned tuna flavor greeted me for third and final visit.  Slow uninterested staff - and the flies attacking all surfaces hurt the experience.   Over cooked rice.  Welp.  That's it's.Delicious food, good people, and a chill vibe! 
So excited for this place to be in the neighborhood. Tried two of their signature bowls: #1 poke: Honey Garlic and #2 cooked: Karaage Don. Both were so good! Can't wait to go back and try more.Lots of options for poke and non poke eaters and they are all delicious! The staff are friendly and helpful and are happy to explain menu items. There is also this black tea where a flower blooms in it as it brews!Nice little gem I was brought to by my friend. It's not far from my home which is a plus. Not as quick of service as poke loa, but it's still fresh. You turn in your sheet and they prepare it for you and deliver it to your table. My friend also had some fried tuna balls. She really enjoyed them. My bowl was really tasty. I'll probably be back.By far the best poke in town! You have the option of doing a poke bowl, burrito or like a poke ceviche with wonton chips. The place itself is very cute and casual. After walking in, there was little clipboard that you fill out to place your order. I decided to build my own bowl and I didn't know which marinade I should try but the owner  happily offered all of them as a side of different dips and some wonton chips! All of them were tasty but I have to say that the tamarind scallion was my favorite cause it was both tangy and spicy! Every thing was on point, the fish, rice , toppings etc. They also have other cooked foods that I have yet to try, it makes it hard to not order everything on the menu. Definitely my #1 poke spot.LOVE Everything about this place. the service is incredible, the girls are so helpful & willing to help you to create the perfect bowl or burrito! the quality of all the food is so tasty, & the options here are endless. nice place to have a good meal if you're hungry, the overall ambiance of the place is very relaxing. happy I discovered Poke-chan, can't wait to tell friends & come back again!Awesome concept. The food is fresh. The milk tea is sweet and creamy. 
I built my own bowl and can't stop thinking about it. It had yellowtail and tuna and crab oh my. I used ponzu sauce and spicy aioli. Fried onion and fried garlic. Fresh avocado. Fresh jalapeño. 
I loved the spot and service too. 
This will definitely be a regular spot for me.I am extremely picky about my poke and I am soooo incredibly happy to say that this little gem has satisfied my needs! This little spot is easily missed but so worth the search. I am so glad that they finally made a place for poke so close to where I live! Right when you walk in there are clipboards and pencils in a basket where you can handpick your own custom made entree whether it be a rice bowl, burrito, or wonton chip bowl. I went with my fiancé and we both tried diff things. He got the rice bowl with yellowtail and tuna while I had the wonton chip bowl with salmon and tuna. They have a variety of sauces and I chose about 6 out of 8 of them with no regrets! The fish was fresh and the presentation was gorgeous. I don't want to give away too much, so y'all could explore this beauty on your own! I'll def be coming backAmazing!!  Great ambiance and the food was just as good as the best Poke you could get in Hawaii.Amazing. I have been here three times in three days. Very fresh and tasty! I start with the honey garlic with half brown rice and half lettuce.Best poke in New Orleans I've had so far.
Fish was fresh, it was tasty. Clean, lots of seating. Good ordering system (fill out a form and hand it to the cashier so no having to stand around for long periods of time).
I like that they have pre-picked bowl combinations in case you're in a hurry or are indecisive.
Also they have poke burritos if that's your thing or you're looking to try something new.If you're in the NOLA area, go eat here.  The food is amazing and all of the flavors are so on point. Bring friends so you can taste more things! The Asian pesto was phenomenal. Will definitely be back.I am beyond thrilled a new poke place opened up in New Orleans, and poke-chan exceeded my expectations. You have the option of preset bowls or you can make your own, and there's an overall great presentation as well as the amount of fish your receiving for the price and is very fresh. The staff goes above and beyond to make sure you're satisfied, and are very friendly. I first walked in and was standing behind a woman who was getting her lunch there for the third day in a row- if that's not a good sign I don't know what is! Can't wait to come back.Super cute!
I haven't had enough poke in my life to say it's the best, but it is definitely a winner in Nola. There's street parking, but if you can't find any close by we parked near the railroad tracks. To order, pick up a mini clip board and build your own bowl or burrito! 
I literally put everything in my bowl - $13
Step 1
Size: Reg bowl  
Base: Brown rice & mixed greens
Step 2
Protein: Bay scallops & yellowtail
Mix-ins: Fresh wasabi
Marinade: Ponzu and spicy aioli 
Step 3
Toppings: Corn, snow crab, lotus root chips, sriarcha peas, pickled daikon
Garnish: Togarashi, fried garlic, jalapeno
Okkkkk, so I would recommend trying sauces on the side and dipping it as you eat to see what other "marinades" you like. Sometimes it can be a bit bland if you don't have enough sauce. I'd have to say the additional sauces I liked were the "thai spice" (reminds me of thai chili) and "tamarind scallion" (very different but I liked it a lot). 
This is a lot bigger than the Poke Loa one I went to so it's great for groups of friends or even date night. They also offer spirits and in-house mojito! 
Next time, I want to try the Wonton chip and burrito. I would recommend this place for anyone craving some poke!Lovely place. Fabulous food. Sweetest owners. We are so glad to have you in the neighborhood!Visiting Nola and staying down the way. This place was fantastic, even beyond my expectations. Friendly staff, delicious food, and nice area to sit. Would definitely return. I made my own with tuna and salmon and the honey garlic marinade.My favorite poke place!!!! I'm constantly craving it. I always build my own poke bowl and the fish is very fresh. The Thai tea is definitely one of the best I've had in a while!After looking at places to go to before Chewbacchus, I was pleasantly surprised to see this as an option. Everything was so fresh & delicious. We loved everything we ordered & will definitely be back to try more. After the parade, went down to Freezy Street for some rolled ice cream and that was awesome too. Think I might've found a new Chewbacchus tradition!Heard that PokeChan opened up and decided to go visit today. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I appreciated that they had pre-made bowls, and even a menu of cooked items. I'm pretty indecisive, so I opted for the "make your own" option. The great thing about making your own is that there are a lot of add-ons that you can load into your bowl that don't cost extra! There are a few things that cost extra, like avocado and seaweed salad, but most options are unlimited!
I'm very happy that the poke scene is growing in New Orleans!I don't know much about poke.   But I had three scoops of tuna and lots of good add one like crab and avocado, cucumber and  pickled onion, and rice with mix greens.  
Loved it.   Too full to eat the octopus dumplings- leftovers yay!Really happy to get to try this place out! I enjoyed everything about it. Quaint, cute, & clean atmosphere with really great food! Will definitely be visiting again very soon!WHOA! Do not pass go, do not collect $200, GO EAT THERE NOW! Seriously, go! Do you like healthy food? Check. Do you like delicious food? Check. Do you like Asian food? Check. Do you like friendly service? Check. Do you like quality food and quality ingredients? Check. Are you a vegan, vegetarian, or carnivore? Check. This restaurant fits everything you have been looking for in a restaurant in our city but have never been able to find! As soon as I took the first bite, I was thanking my lucky stars. I already know that they are soon going to know me when I walk in because I am going to be eating here that much. They have delicious variety of Asian food and THE BEST homemade kimchi! The delectable tingle, the heat, the flavor!!! MMMMMmmmm. They have A VARIETY of homemade milk teas on tap!!! That alone made me a customer for life!! The quality of food and care of preparation is something we have desperately needed in this city. 
I regularly eat Asian food of all kinds, and I was blown away! I almost fell out of my seat. I hope they keep a nice variety of hot and cold dishes, it is a perfect balance! I had the Gyu Don and if you love sukiyaki, this is for you! The beef is fantastic, the rice perfectly steamed. The inside of the restaurant is beautifully minimal and welcoming and warm. I love everything about this place and I will spread the word to everyone I know and meet! Welcome to St. Claude Poke-chan, we are beyond thrilled to have you here!!! Thank you for making such delicious food! 
ST. CLAUDE RESTAURANTS BEWARE... ALL WILL FALL BEFORE THE MIGHT OF POKE-CHAN.
What are you waiting for? You won't regret it!You could easily walk by this residential-looking restaurant save for one smallish banner announcing its presence. The interior is quite a lovely renovation of what looks to be a classic southern house. It's a very nice place to eat for fast casual.
The build your own bowl with Hawaiian ingredients is ascendant right now on the American food scene, and this might be the best such bowl I've had. Their process is a tad different than most of these fast casual assembly line places; you either order one of the standards or fill out a menu full of checkboxes to customize (I always customize these things). Also, they have a burrito option and something with wonton chips if you don't want the rice bowl. It took a bit of time to make, but it came out warm, appealing, and utterly delicious.
The downside for me were that toppings weren't unlimited; I realized this only after filling in my order form. And on top of being fairly pricey for fast casual, there were a lot of premium toppings with upcharges. What would definitely increase my level of satisfaction is if they were a bit more generous for those of us ordering vegetarian; some fast casual places throw in freebies on top of tofu in their veggie bowls because tofu is cheap. Also, I wish they'd label their menu for dietary needs/allergies, and get their website running (online ordering would be great).
Having said that, I was very happy with what I ended up with. A colorful and nutritionally diverse bowl with not just the rice/greens and tofu, but mango, macadamia nuts, wasabi peas, fried lotus chips, and a half dozen other things. Their Thai spice marinade was fantastic; they had many options but it would take an exertion of will for me to try them instead of ordering that one again. So while I could see them doing some things to make me happier, I couldn't give them any worse of a review than this.Very pretty place to dine at! Food is good, so good that I tried it one day and was back the next! Keep it up! Great addition to St. Claude!This place is everything. It's fast and it's fresh and it lacks pretension. 
I'm gonna level with you, this is my first experience with Poke. And now I'm wondering how the sushi barons ever got me to shell out so much for so little. Poke 4 lyfe.Great concept. Food and service were excellent. Really comfortable environment. I got the pork belly it was amazing, super tender and had great flavor. I will be back to check out the fish next time.BEST POKE IN NEW ORLEANS (yes, better than Poke Loa). Freshest ingredients- The mango especially is an incredibly fresh topping and all seafood offered is fantastic. Everyone who works there is helpful and friendly and the space is clean and nice. I've been telling all my friends about this place. Highly recommend!!!Great poke but for some reasons I every time
I eat here someone is mopping the floors so it's this overpowering chemically smell while you are trying to eatYum yum yum. A different take on the original Hawaiian poke. At Poke-Chan you pick a fish than select different sides. All in a yummy bowl.The honey garlic "burrito" was very good.  I would definitely get this again & try it as a poke bowl.  The Gochu bowl made me miss a good poke bowl.  It is a fusion poke bowl with a Korean twist (gochu in Korean means pepper).  Everything in the bowl itself was good but reminded me more of having Korean with side dishes than a poke bowl...just not what I was going for.  The restaurant is hard to find as it is small and tucked away without any visible signage...I drove by it once before I parked and looked for it by foot.  Street parking but no issues.  Order and be prepared to wait.  It's not the type of counter service where you order, go through a poke bowl assembly line, pay, and eat.  You can order one of the signature dishes or customize (check what you want on a laminated card).  Overall very good but with a similar restaurant closer to home (just as good IMO), I don't know that I'd drive 15 mins to eat here.We arrived well before the sunset. Ordered food to take to the gardens across the street. It took soooo long to get our food, the park was closed. 
Why did it take so long to get our food?The portion sizes and topping options were great and reasonable for the cost.  The service was also friendly and helpful, especially in dealing with my friend who is allergic to fish!The spicy something bowl was good, not spicy at all and good size (I had le large )  , sadly the outdoor patio wasn't open . I will definitely be back !Wow, I'm speechless after that bowl of poke. I've eaten a lot of poke since it burst onto the scene, and this was really some of the best. Big pieces of very fresh seafood (salmon, tuna, yellowtail, octopus, scallops, and fried tofu for the vegetarians!), very generous with the mix ins (snow crab!), sauces are a burst of flavor from sweet to savory to spicy, excellent service in a cute environment--all around an awesome place. I'll be back again and again!We traveled all the way from Fort Lauderdale fl and we were dying to have something that wasn't deep fried or smothered in a sauce. Which seems to be the case in the touristy spots close to French quarter. Poke bowls came to mind. I can honestly say this was the best Poke I've ever had!!! Portions were huge ! You got to make your own and they had tons of options to choose from. I'm so happy I found this place.Poke-Chan is Ono! I'm a transplant from Hawaii. I was a manager for Sam Choy on the Big Island. Chef Sam made Poke famous. I have been longing for poke for 3 years and this place had done it! Very fresh fish and many awesome ingredients to choose from. I will be a regular customer. You're gonna love it.Loved this place! Delicious bowls served by friendly owners. Fast casual restaurant is well appointed. Plenty of recommended options if you just want to pick that...or, grab an order board and marker to make your own - my recommendation! Yellowtail and salmon, mango and avocado with ginger honey sauce is a good combo (forgot the rest of the toppings). Thai iced tea is refreshing. Fried chicken (karaage) is perfectly fried - not too heavy and excellent to split with friends. Get the spicy mayo to dip.Nice new restaurant in this area of the city! Love that you fill out your "create your own" with dry erase markers and not wasting paper and pencils. I created my own bowl but was disappointed when they come to tell me they had no octopus. 
He got the honey garlic bowl off the menu. We got iced coffee and milk tea- which they forgot to make and we got after our food. 
Only thing is the signage, we missed it and kept walking past the wine shop until we realize it was the "house" with the sign way up high- the shutters were closed and the blind down on the door. Be on the look out and hopefully they'll add some pizazz so more people know about it!Put this poke in your mouth! This poke restaurant is amazing! Sushi has been my favorite food for most of my life and when I heard New Orleans was getting in on the poke movement I was very excited. I've tried both of the poke restaurants in NOLA and can undoubtably say Poke-Chan is the best in the city! Their fish, sauces, and other ingredients are always fresh and flavorful! From the pre-made bowls (honey-garlic is my favorite) to the build your own you can't go wrong. The Vietnamese coffee is also on my favorites list. I don't visit St Claude Ave often but when I have a poke craving it's worth the drive from Metairie! Don't ignore this place! BEST POKE IN NOLA!!!The restaurant is super clean, bright and fresh like the food. Choose one of their bowls or grab a clipboard and build your own. I had the octopus dumplings as an appetizer. Unusual texture, soft dumpling with slightly chewy octopus inside with sweet and sour sauces drizzled over. 
I had the popular honey garlic signature bowl that comes with warm white rice, big chunks of salmon and tuna, crabmeat, avocado with a sweet/slightly spicy ponzu type sauce and and aioli drizzle over the top. The regular size was plenty big for me, actually I couldn't finish it all. Very good flavors, fresh ingredients, nice atmosphere and friendly staff. I will definitely be back!The food is so amazing. The people are so tending to your every need and the food is amaze balls. I enjoyed it so much that I needed to get a Togo order for later. They took such care for the food & explained everything I had questions about the flower tea and all. Ms. Susan rocks and this place is a must visit in Nawlins!!!!!Yummy, fresh food; great customer service; fast preparation; little to no line; but a bit pricey. Overall great experience!Awesome concept restaurant. The Poke was exceptional. The atmosphere was consistent with the quality of the food. 
Can't wait to go back!!Soooo good.
Super comfortable setting with in house poke creations. They also shell out great kitchen items. 
We ordered their Spicy Thai Poke a rice bowl as well as a sushi burrito. Crushed it all. Will be back with the boys.I've been holding off on writing a review for this place. Only because we've eaten here multiple times and every time was a different experience. 
First visit was great. We met the owners and everyone was so helpful and accommodating. Their suggestions for sauce choices were on point. Food were delicious and fresh. 
Second visit was ok. This time my salad tasted dirty, as if it wasn't washed and prepped before serving. I did saw the guy open a bag and dumped it in. I'm sure a lot of businesses do this as well but maybe we just had a bad batch? I don't know. It threw off my entire meal. I ended up having to pick around it.
Third visit was better. I wish I remembered which combination of sauces I created the first time. Pretty sure I've tried every sauce they offer. 
Overall, nice place. Clean setting and bright, open space. You can either build your own bowl or choose one of their specialties. Love the freshness of the seafood. So far the best poke we've had in the city.Delicious bowls! All the ingredients were so fresh. The staff was very helpful in making suggestions. I had the tofu, so I can't speak to the fish but my bowl was awesome. The inside is nice. Even though you order at the counter, it feels like more of a sit down restaurant. It looks like they have a big backyard, so hopefully they'll use that for outdoor sitting when it's warmer. I like the other poke place too, but I prefer poke-chan.Sush-i-ri-tto! *clap clap clap clap clap*
Sush-i-ri-tto! *clap clap clap clap clap*
When I heard that New Orleans was getting another poke restaurant I was pretty happy about it. For those of you who don't know what poke is: it's sushi's sexy cousin. It's a bowl of raw fish, veggies and other goodies. It's basically sushi salad or deconstructed sushi roll. I was excited to try Poke-Chan and then someone mentioned that you can build your own sushiritto here. A sushiritto is a big sushi roll packed with raw fish, rice and other yums and wrapped, burrito style, in seaweed and you eat it with your hands. As far as I know, Poke-Chan is one of the first, if not the only, place to offer it in New Orleans.
Needless to say, when I visited Poke-Chan I had sushiritto on the brain. I like how it works here: you fill out your card with what you want and what you want in it, give it to the folks, pay, and they make it for you and bring it your table. I got my sushiritto with tuna and salmon and other stuff such as sweet onions, scallions and edamame. It took a while, but when it was finally delivered it was beautiful. It also came with two sauces on the side, but I decided to keep it simple and just add a little soy sauce.
The food was DELICIOUS. It was fresh and tasty and the flavors in my concoction blended together perfectly. Some of it fell apart as I ate, but that was no problem, I just went after those bits with my fork. I love eating things like this, because it's a healthier alternative to eating a burger or taking my weekly trip to the nearest Mexican restaurant. I like that they use "washable" dishes to cut down on waste, just be sure to put your dishes in the right place when you're finished.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and while it was pretty dead on the cold, rainy afternoon I was here, I can see that it's built to handle a crowd.
If you're a poke fan, or if you're curious about sushirittos, this spot is a must. The location is great, the staff is friendly and the food is delectable.4.25/5 yoooo solid
so while the competition seems to be focusing on expansion, here's a minority-womxn owned shop focusing on quality! and it shows (it tastes?).
first, i recommend making a bowl. the signatures all sound tasty, but i think there's a satisfaction that comes from getting a precise order you create. if you have a friend who "doesn't do raw", then don't fret there are also cooked options! i was able to get mine with fun things like lotus and various pickled things, and making your own bowl also allows you to mix things up (like two different protein types, both white and brown rice, etc.). i ordered the regular and it was a sufficient portion, laid out in a large bowl so you can clearly see all the yummy components, especially your chunks of fish.
the space is also very lovely, i can imagine it feeling still comfortable even if every seat was occupied. well styled, and you feel like you're eating at a friend's place (if they were poke masters). they mentioned hoping to expand to their back patio soon, so that's pretty exciting!
i know it isn't the cheapest, but considering what you'd spend on sushi elsewhere in the city, i think this is priced competitively and gets you better relative value.this place is awesome. it's like a Subway for sushi bowls. great proteins and add-ons, good selection of alcohol, and super friendly staff.I am very impressed with this restaurant and have already been there 3 times since they opened.  The atmosphere is so inviting and the staff is very friendly.  Very impressed with the pre-made menu options with cooked and raw options.  You also have the option to create your own poke bowl with many fresh ingredients to choose from.  My favorite is the Honey Garlic bowl!  It is a must try!I haven't had that much poke in order to compare, but I really did enjoy the poke here! The restaurant is kind of small and quaint with a rustic, homey feel. The location is a little hard to spot-out immediately. I actually circled the block a good three times before finding it lol. I decided to build my own bowl because, well, I'm a picky eater. I ordered the regular size (pictured) and it was pretty big! Definitely the biggest 'regular' I've ever seen at a poke place, but I am not complaining! Everything tasted really good; however, I kind of wish they would've added just a smidgen more sauce. The service was very kind and attentive. I had their Thai tea as well and it was yummy! They offer free water cups and they even had fancy lime water haha. So glad New Orleans finally has a good Poke place! Can't wait to come back and enjoy more poke!I've eaten here three times in the last week and it has not disappointed!  The food is so fresh and the presentation is beautiful. The atmosphere is open and relaxing. My only complaint would be the parking. As is par for the course, street parking in NOLA is horrible.  Poke Chan said little hidden gem and I mean that. You will pass it up if you're not careful. LOL.  I'm totally addicted to Poke Chan and would eat there daily if I wouldn't bankrupt myself!Finally getting around to eating here and it was soo good. It is also very cute. The interior is simple yet sleek. Friendly staff.
You can build your own bowl or eat it as a burrito or salad (I think). I just got a pre-made poke bowl-tamarind scallion. Mm the seaweed salad so fresh and so good. All of the ingredients were actually really delicious and fresh. I forgot what fish came in my bowl but it was just a tad fishier than the other ones I tasted but nonetheless it was still good. My cousin got the honey garlic bowl and I definitely loved his. Will be getting that next time. I loved all of his flavors. Also, jalapeños make a great touch, but only if you like spicy cause it was SPICY. 
Can't wait to come back and try the other interesting items on the menu!I'm from LA and have had plenty of dank Poke...... BUT THIS PLACE IS THEEEEE FUCKING BEST HANDS DOWN! The octopus is to die for and the outside is insanely lovely. You must get this Poke!!!!!I waited until my second visit to write a review because I was not sure if my first visit was a fluke or the norm.  I now have what I need to write an accurate review.
I will start with the good. The poke bowls are good. They are fresh, high quality, and the variety of customizable flavors are nice.  I enjoyed the bowls on both visits and for that I would say it Is a high quality and flavorful dish.  The way that the ordering is set up is not very easy for someone who has questions about flavors or items.  The ordering is done on a small clipboard where you choose what you want.  
The source for my lower rating is the service.  The lack of friendly or helpful staff at the start was a clue.  But the worst is that a bowl with all ingredients on a bar should not take 15+ minutes to receive.   I had to ask for my drink when it was not given to me when ordering or brought with my bowl 20 minutes later.  This inexplicable lack of service is why my score is not higher.From the bonito garnish atop the tako balls to the residual sauce at the bottom of the Poké bowl, every bite was amazing.Been in twice, both times delicious. The large is big enough for you and a partner to share for a light meal -- if only you guys were on Doordash and stuff, also the sign is so hidden I always pass it and have to pop a U, but a very nice change from the fried food culinary hell in this swamp-ass-hell-hole.Finally checked out Poke Chan and was quite impressed with their poke bowls. To order, you fill out a slip and mark off everything you want. Once you finish your slip, you bring it to the cashier to complete your order. Although the wait was longer than I expected, my poke bowl was delicious! The portions are huge and can be shared with two people. The fish is fresh and they have plenty of toppings/sauces. The workers are friendly and helpful. Always come here now for all my poke cravings when I'm in the area.So fresh and delicious. Reasonably priced, too! Only think lacking is their not having a liquor license, but I heard you can go to the wine shop next door, grab a bottle of wine and bring it back to enjoy with your meal. I just had water and a Thai tea with my meal and it was really great; not overly sweet like many other places I've been to. I highly recommend this place for all of your poke needs.Been wanting to get here for a long time and it didn't disappoint. The guy working was super helpful and his suggestion was on point. My sushi burrito was melt in your mouth freshness. Loved it! Will def be back!This place is so cute & the food is amazing! I really love the cooked bowl options and the salmon teriyaki is amazing! Really good foodI am a vegan and it's really nice the wide variety of vegetables there are here! So I wanted to see what they would recommend and I went with their shroom bowl which came with brown rice, season sprouts, mushrooms, tofu, green onion, and pickled daikon, and more! They even gave me some of their vegan sauces to try for free! The flavor of the bowl wasn't anything special, but with the sauce, especially that miso ginger, it was amazing! The staff was very friendly, they took time to show me all my vegan options and they really cared. Beautiful place, very clean, nice art on the walls. Definitely worth a try!always down for bowls whether it's a burrito bowl, açaí, or poke so I may be biased but I loved this place - definitely one of the best poke bowls I've had. Loved the freedom of being able to use an expo marker on my own personal menu to place my order, it allowed me to see all my options and even google some ingredients that I had no idea what they were. Choose your marinade wisely! I got the Thai spice sauce with mine and loved it, my friend got the tamarind and was not crazy about it because it was spicier than she was told after asking about it.Everything was delicious. Salmon teriyaki bowl, unagi don, takoyaki, and karaage. Also had good Thai tea.Best Poke in the city hands down! The crab salad is better than other poke spots. Everything is so fresh and you never get tired of their food because there are so many combinations to try! I always gets the salmon and yellow with the soy ginger or miso ginger marinade and it's heavenly. I wish I lived closer so I can eat here once a week! Go here!!The poke here was pretty good, but it wasn't anything special. The poke scene in New Orleans is pretty mediocre and also very small. So, if you're craving poke, I would say try this place to see how you like it. A few people and I have tried it this once but won't be going back.Unbelievably fresh ingredients. Nice array of options for build your own bowl/burrito. Best Poke in New Orleans hands down.Fresh poke with large selection of components. Friendly staff. They also have some cooked food, although I always get the poke. Recommended.I love it!!! I could literally eat this everyday. There customer service is pretty great too! Thanks for suggesting the hot Cheetos to my burritoBeen twice in one week (the first week's visit). If you know Poke and what to expect, you'll be happy for stopping by here. The way it works is mostly the same as other joints, you grab a little menu, marker and check off your options. 
First time I got a burrito and I was surprised at how filling it was. I just knew for sure I would ravage it and still be looking for more. Nah, after the first half I began to question my unjustified desire to finish it off, but I ate it anyway. It's not like sushi ingredients are meant for a later consumption anyway, right?
Second visit was a bowl and, again, deliciously filling. I won't bore you with what I had exactly, mostly because I don't remember and just make a decision as the menu is in front of me. I'll take pictures next time which will be soon.Love this place.  The restaurant itself is clean, open and bright.  The staff is very friendly and offered me tastes of the unique sauces.  
The poke bowl was fresh and delicious.  I appreciated the bigger cuts of tuna as opposed to the small diced tuna or salmon pieces at other poke places.  Looking forward to my next visit.I'm so glad NOLA finally opened a bomb poke joint! Everything about my experience was up to par--the food, the service, and the environment. You can build your own custom poke bowl or you can order one of their signature bowls. I built my own and was happy with the outcome. I got a large and it was more than enough for me. It is a little on the pricey side but you're getting what you pay for, which is good quality and good portion size. I also ordered a milk tea but it wasn't my favorite. The jasmine flavor is very potent so if you like jasmine tea, you'd definitely like their jasmine milk tea. I will definitely be coming back!Hit all the marks! Delicious, excellent quality ingredients, clean, friendly, and cute. I ordered the tamarind scallion poke bowl and left feeling full and satisfied. Even though I live all the way in Metairie, I would definitely take the drive for some more poke.
If my word isn't enough for it...there was another table who wanted to replay a message of a high-five to the kitchen cause he was so impressed with his mealPoke-chan is my new favorite poke place! This place has extremely fresh ingredients and a lot of variety. I had the regular bowl with yellow tail and spicy salmon. It really tastes so fresh and they give out a good portion. One thing that made me really like this place is that you can get a scoop of snow crab salad without getting charged! It's included. Other poke places charge an extra $1 on top of the $12. They also offer milk teas and sweet handkraft macaron ice cream sandwiches. So no need to drive somewhere else to get dessert! 
I'm not sure if i love or hate the way they do their orders. You get a laminated menu and you get to mark off what you would like included and add notes at the bottom. I don't like how this is set up because that means the order is not made right in front of you compared to other places (other places are like subways styles). Also, some items on the menu I did not know at all. When you go up to where the food is made, the food is not labeled for you to know. I do like it in way because that way you're never behind someone who is indecisive and backs up the line. But then, the line can get backed up bc so many orders are in. I'm just not sure if this way is efficient. 
The only con I would have to say is that you have to street park.Idk where my last review for Poke-Chan went. But it seems like most of my reviews have disappeared. Well I haven't and this place has not left my top places to come and get some poke. In a very odd location, one of the first places I came in New Orleans was Poke-chan. Their variety of sauces like tamarind and Thai spice that you don't usually find in other poke places makes this place a restaurant you want to come back. Even though very hipster like, where they don't have waiters and you order your food through a sheet, it doesn't take away from the food and how fresh all their seafood is. The old house that was made into a Poke restaurant is a good place to meet with friends or come in an evening you don't have time to cook and want something fast but delicious and healthy. They also add specialty drinks like chai latte and different flavor ice cream macaroons of flavors like red bean and matcha to bring an authentic Asian experience in New Orleans. The only downside is the parking situation and sits on a large busy Main Street. But if you like poke fresh. Check this place out! Everyone is nice here.Just finished my first bowl at this fine establishment ... As I select "five stars" on Yelp, my spouse says "this is better than I thought it was gonna be."This new poke place is delish! The food is great, the setting is beautiful, the prices are reasonable, and the portions are definitely worth your money. I love the decorations and the atmosphere; it's very calm and comfortable. The thai tea is a must, and I'm looking forward to coming back again!Such a cute place to have poke! I love that you can really customize your poke bowl however you want and especially without having to point at everything and to talk above the glass but just having it on paper instead. So many options to have and it's so fresh! I've gone here twice now and it's been delicious both times and the atmosphere is great. It's still relatively new but it's got character to the place and I love it.