Always love my food and it is always extremely fresh. Only downside is the price. It's a little pricey for my budget, but you do get very high quality for the price.. I will continue to visit, but wish they had a student discount!King Loa Bowl was pretty filling. it was pretty mild, but i expected more flavor... imagine eating a bowl of sushi.
might try it again but add more spicy mayo for kick.
i noticed the staff was also very friendly and welcome to answer all questions and make good recommendations based on your taste.
the seating arrangement kinda sucks, unless you go up the stairs to the upper seating area.Coming from California, I know good Poke. This is good poke. So many options, and the fish is fresh compared to many of the sushi joints here. Really liked the flavors of sauces and toppings. Will return!Man oh man.  My poke dreams have come true, but this place is a good 7 hour drive from my house.  My sister lives in NO, so during our visit last weekend, she suggested we get poke bowls.  Spicy tuna and every possible yummy topping.  Seaweed and crab salad, mango, furikake, the list goes on and on.  Your taste buds will thank you for stopping here during your visit to New Orleans.  Promise.Today was my second time going for lunch. I couldn't finish the whole small bowl so took the rest home and just had it. It was so delicious even leftover. I'm already craving it againThis place is normally fine. It's nice to have a fresh alternative. However, tonight I went in around 8:30. They were out of rice. Brown rice and white rice. They explained that they were not making more because they close in a half hour. Um what? Rice is an integral component of the only item they sell. Considering they charge $16 a bowl and are ostensibly still open I feel like they could make a little rice. Seems really dumb from a business perspective-- I left and they lost my $16, and the ability to use up whatever other fresh ingredients needed to be used today... which I'm sure will cost more than making some rice
UPDATE: In response to this post the owners posted that they were addressing it. I went back a few nights later at 8:30 and the service was excellent. Adding it back to my rotation. Fresh food, quick, and a great addition to the neighborhood. Thanks, y'all, for addressing the issues. XFirst visit to Poke Loa over the weekend. Had the signature bowl King Loa. It was delicious and I really enjoyed it. I did not leave hungy, the portion was very generous. I will definitely return.3/5 fine
The bummer is the inconsistency - what you pay is the same but what you get can vary. I don't know if there's a "sweet spot" time, but I've now ordered the same bowl a few times and have received different results - the fish is OK, but the variance in portioning and the range of available toppings lead to some disappointment.Ever since I vacationed in Hawaii, I have been dying to get some more poké. So I had high expectations for this place, especially based on their Instagram account that showed delicious-looking poké bowls. However, I was extremely disappointed to find out that 1 scoop of fish is equal to about a bite and a half. The scoops are embarrassingly tiny for what you're paying! Everything was fresh and good, but it was nothing like traditional Hawaiian poké - where you get a full, satisfying scoop of fish. This place will not stay open long if they can't afford to give customers a decent serving of ahi or salmon for the price they're charging.This was the restaurant of my dreams.  I had a large bowl with salmon and octopus with a mix of brown rice and salad greens.  The toppings were great as were the sauces.  I disagree with the folks who have been complaining that the scoops of fish were skimpy and the price too large.  I found that there was tons of fish and extras at about same cost of most specialty rolls at a sushi restaurant.  My only complaint was that the rice was warm and seemed to be unseasoned.  I can't wait to go back though!Tried Poke Loa for the first time today and THANK THE HEAVENS FOR HEALTHY FOOD IN NOLA. Seriously you guys...it is so hard to find. I've been craving this for so long and it definitely hit the spot! The place is super cute and the employees are friendly and welcoming. The first guy broke it all down for me explaining their special bowls or you can create your own - so I did. It's got a Subway/Chipotle set up so you go down the line and pick all your ingredients which I enjoy :) They also have tons of seating! In front, out back, inside, upstairs!
The bowls cost $11.50 for 2 scoops and $13.50 for 3 scoops. This is where my only gripe with this place comes in - tofu costs the same as all of the other options. No way tofu is comparable to tuna or octopus. Don't get me wrong, I am so happy to have the option but this is definitely a constant problem as a veg person. Regardless the bowl was so so yummy and I felt my spirit renewed after the indulgence that was Mardi Gras. Looking forward to many more bowls in my future! Thank you for bringing more healthy veg options to New Orleans!!My husband and I love this place! We love that this keeps us on our meal plan and tastes amazing! Even with a long line this location gets you through pretty quickly!Love this place!!! You get a lot of food for what you pay for. Will definitely be coming again every time I am in New Orleans!Fresh seafood and salad ingredients FAST!  Love this place.  Glad they have one down in the CBD now!  Eat great food fast without the fast food feeling or hangover!So delicious, I even had it twice in one day! Both times I had a two protein scoops and had spicy tuna + salmon. I added in lots of toppings like ponzu, jalapenos, sriracha aioli, onions, edamame and more, all served Chipotle style where you can add more to really pile up your bowl. This made for a large enough serving size and check was $13 and change, which is a tad higher for a quick lunch than I would go for every day, but reasonable for the quality ingredients and great flavors. I will for sure come back here for lunch (and dinner) in the future!A great place for lunch or to go orders. 
When Jamba Juice closed down and was replaced my heart ached because I like them better than smoothie king. 
When I tried Poke Loa I fell in love. I love taking out and eating the poke bowl at work. It is one of the few things that my wife and I can agree to for lunch or dinner.Every time I come here I leave thinking I should come back more often.  It's a healthy and filling meal for under $15.  Having eaten poke with my family in Hawaii, I have pretty high expectations.  Although it obviously wasn't as good as the poke in Oahu, it still was deliciously satisfying.  The restaurant style reminds me more of SoCal but it really seems like a place to eat something fresh and tasty when you walk in.
How it works: You order a regular (2 scoops of fish) or large (3 scoops) bowl with brown or white rice, mezclun lettuce, or both, and then choose your choice of raw protein, ranging from tuna, salmon, spicy tuna, octopus, shrimp, and whatever else is fresh at the time.  You move on to pick meat flavorings including ponzu sauce, tamari, cilantro, and cucumber.  Then the toppings are added, like seaweed salad (my favorite!  I always get extra), crab salad, avocado ($1 extra), mango, radish, pickled ginger, edamame, and more.  You finish with choice of tobiko (aka fish roe-- I recommend the wasabi), aiolis, and crunchy elements.  So yummy!  It always leaves me wanting more.
In the end, it's a five-star healthy and fast meal that will make you consider working there just to score some free bowls.Love Japanese food so my first try with Hawaiian fair wasn't out of my comfort zone. Had the tuna poke bowl, without modifications. Tuna was VERY tasty. The proportions were just right. The ingredients were very fresh. The lemon infused water was the only drawback. Just wanted water to accompany my bowl. They had a cooler with lukewarm water and it tasted weird. Minor point. Overall definitely going back!The Poke craze has come to NOLA, and I'm trying to eat cleaner so checked this place out. My bowl was tasty and prepared on the spot quite quickly. The only catch is it's a bit pricey since it's raw seafood, so I probably will visit again when I'm splurging for the week and haven't spent a lot elsewhere.Poke Loa is the shortcut to my favorite sushi restaurant menu items.  I always end up ordering the chef special or poke salads but always want a combination of ingredients not included. Now I get it all!! 
My first visit I got the two scoop salmon bowl and added avocado and mango. I'm sold. I'll probably never order regular sushi again. The ingredients were so fresh and so well prepared together. The sauces they tossed the salmon in were perfect and light. Over a bed of wild greens, Perfection. They were fast and friendly and the price is completely on point for the value. My only complaint is that they aren't closer to my house. Love it!First time today. Loved it. I had 1 scoop tuna+2 scoops salmon. Brown rice, seaweed salad, 3 sauces I can't remember, baby cucumbers, edamame, mixed greens, and some amazing crystal hot sauce aioli. It's was freakin' ballin' . A little pricey but what do you expect. Worth it.A yummy and healthy option on Magazine when your body needs a break from all the unhealthy NOLA food and drinks! You can custom order your bowl or get one of their pre-sets. Veggie bowl was delicious and my friend really enjoyed the salmon bowl. I appreciated the sriracha bottles on the side.Fantastic poke, and good value. Staff were very polite and helpful with my father in-law, who's never had a poke bowl before. Spicy tuna + salmon together is a winning combo!Food is good and I appreciate the options for unlimited toppings but I think the fish could be kept/presented in a better way. Overall, especially given it's the only poke place in the city, its worth it if you've got a craving for a poke bowl but I've definitely had better and fresher bowls in other cities. Hope to see it continue to succeed and improve.Poke Loa is the bomb, seriously - the spicy tuna is better than any sushi restaurant in this town. The place is very clean and the staff is helpful and friendly. Try it, you'll love it - healthy, fresh and yummy at a reasonable price, you gotta love it!My favorite place in New Orleans! All the ingredients are so fresh, service is wonderful, and menu is totally customizable. Will be here much more than my wallet would like.Love poke bowls!  The quality is great.  Now they give you tons of fish too!!! Changing my rating to five starsFirst visit tonight after hearing about this place for a few months. There was a lot to like. The food is fresh with a great selection of fresh fish, veggies and sauces for the bowls. The service is friendly and efficient. The place is super clean. It is well lit and comfortable for sitting and enjoying the food. There is indoor and out door seating.  The portions are generous, the regular size is it very filling. I tried the tuna. It was good quality and the ponzu sauce and lemon miso aioli was very flavorful.
The only critique I would offer is there is a need for a child sized bowl. The regular size is too big and too expensive for most younger kids. It would be nice to have options for the whole family at such a great spot with so many fresh choices.First time eating poke. I love tuna sashimi, so I figured this would be to my liking. 
I felt as if the fish chunks were too large to eat with a properly mixed up selection of toppings. The taste was pretty good. The staff was not the most helpful.
The idea is genius, the subway-style format and the healthy options. However, i just couldn't finish a bowl filled with a bunch of raw fish. I don't eat rice, so perhaps that addition would have helped me swallow mounds of raw tuna, sauce, roe, and soy beans.  I'll give it another try in a few months.
Oh and the bathrooms and dining rooms were very clean.My new favorite spot for a quick and healthy bite for lunch.  You get to pick your ingredients for your bowl and everything is great quality, fresh, and delicious dressings.  The location on Magazine Street is bright, clean, and airy.  There is bench seating along the front window for people watching and then tables in the main section, as well as a section in the back.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Looking forward to enjoying more lunches at Poke Loa.Best healthy on the go food spot I've been to so far in this city! Seriously so fresh!First trip to Poke Loa for lunch today, but I anticipate being there very often in the future.  I had the regular salmon (2 scoops) bowl and it was a ton of extremely fresh fish with half brown rice/half spring mix.  Would have preferred a bit less rice, but that's on me for not paying attention to how much they were putting in the bowl.  You can customize your bowl as you go down the line or have it as it comes on the menu.  Would love to see some Gulf seafood make it onto the menu, if even as just a special, maybe a wasabi shrimp?  Still, a  refreshing alternative to all the fried and sauced seafood we eat in NOLA.Went to the new Metairie Road location for lunch.  It was delightful!!  The fish was fresh and so many toppings to choose from.  The counter people were very nice, especially Amanda!!  I will be back.I stopped in to Poke Loa for lunch today and am glad I did.  What a great idea!  It's like City Greens for sushi.  
I went with the tuna bowl with brown rice and wasn't disappointed.  Everything was fresh, and the portion size was pretty hefty.  I wasn't able to finish my bowl, but I promise, I did my best.  The tuna was very fresh and they didn't skimp on any of the ingredients.  The staff was helpful, friendly and quick.  
I plan to make my own creation next time, so that I can try some of their other fresh ingredients.  
My only complaint is that I found the prices a little bit high for a counter service meal.  With a bottle of water, my total was $18.Love poke and have been an avid fan of these "build your own bowls" in NYC for some time, very exited that something like this has made its way to NOLA. My complaint mirrors what others are saying - the portions are just too small and rice makes up 75% of the bowl. There's nothing more painful than watching the server give you a half-filled scoop (a small scoop might I add) of the fish you are paying so much for. Everything else is also given in tiny portions. I read somewhere that a large bowl is equal to two sushi rolls - no way was there that much fish. I've been three times now and every time had to ask for extra, which is embarrassing and unnecessary. For the price they should be heaping the bowl with add-ons, and if not the fish than at least the seaweed salad or ginger...they literally measure out a quarter of an avocado and give you a tiny squirt of sauce, it is sad. All told it is a nice place with good quality food, but regardless of what they are saying you are not getting what you pay for. Please increase portion sizes so I'm not paying $25 for an appetizer-size serving of fish and a bucket full of rice!This place is a great addition to New Orleans food fare and is also one of my personal favorites. Though they offer to quickly marinate the fish my one wish is that it would be overnight marinated the way you would find Hawaiian Poke. Just a suggestion...Finally was able to try it out and I would have to say I love the ambience of the restaurant! The food was good. I had the King Loa and the total was around $15-16. Portions are okay but it's definitely a place to try if you never had poke before! I'll consider going again later in the future.If I lived any closer to Magazine Street, I would eat here every day.  I love sushi and the rice bowls are a great way to have all the ingredients and not spend a lot of money.
The restaurant is clean and well kept, friendly staff, although the acoustics are not great.  I found that not only myself, but several others who went through the line had to have the staff repeat themselves.  There isn't much to absorb the sound, but there is seating in the back that is super nice and quiet so you can have a nice conversation over a yummy bowl :)This is my first ever Yelp review, because this place is awesome! It's such an incredible addition to Magazine Street. It's so refreshing to have such delicious healthy food in such a convenient way. Super excited to become a regular here! Good stuff!Great atmosphere from the moment you walk in- bright white space with the focus on the build your own poke style bar. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating overlooking Magazine St. Employees are very helpful and can give great advice for how to build your bowl if you have never had poke before. 
As far as the actual poke goes, I was satisfied with my meal but it was not anything amazing. With this spot currently being the only build your own bowl place in New Orleans I have found myself back here a few times. Would recommend to anyone looking to try poke for the first time or anyone looking for a poke fix in New Orleans!The amount of fish that they give you is too little for the price that they charge.  It would be good if they gave you more fish. The scoop sizes are small, and the people scooping the fish do not take the time to make sure that the scoop is even full.
The toppings are good, but they basically sell a bowl full of fillers with very little fish.Loved this place! Great service and they didn't make you feel rushed choosing your toppings...even with a line out the door. I thought it was very reasonably priced too. We will be back!First time having Poke and was not disappointed. This place is set up like an assembly line and you walk through from the base, to the protein, toppings, etc. All fresh and the protein(all fish) is raw. I had salmon and spicy tuna, both of which were really good. This place has great and simple flavors that come together and create a flavor explosion. 
The space is white with colorful accents, clean, and the staff was very helpful and patient. Definitely would come again.Inside looked very clean and colorful. It was sad to say it was extremely over priced for the portion of salmon given. I'm not sure if it was because it's a new restaurant or not, but I feel the person under scooped. The rice was under cooked and was hard.Mmmmm.  Take your sushi & put it in a bowl.  
Seriously, pick what you want as a base, pick your protein(s), pick your toppings & sauces and enjoy!  
I had Poke Loa for the first time with friends at their suggestion & I loved it!  Looking forward to going back.I was super excited when I heard poke finally made it to New Orleans and even went that same day! However I was disappointed. It's overpriced for the amount of poke they give you and the poke isn't great quality. The rice is not authentic and is both undercooked yet slightly mushy. Lastly, the servers skimp on the toppings (a tiny sliver of avocado??). Perhaps it's because the place only just opened and will make the proper adjustments to work out the kinks. But as a poke-lover who's had it in New York, California and even Hawaii (the origin), I will be hard-pressed to return again.Food is fresh and delicious!  Lots of options to dress your poke bowl with.  Staff was very friendly.  Will be back often!Wonderful, healthy fast-food!  You can't go wrong if you love sushi grade tuna!Great poke place. It's not cheap, but the proteins and vegetables are always fresh and the place itself is bright and clean. The only protein I wouldn't recommend is the octopus; it's poached, not grilled, so it's very chewy. I always leave very satisfied and I only get the regular size with spring mix. I'm sure if you get rice or a large size it's even more filling. This is a great spot if you're looking for fast, healthy food!Finally went, at urging of old friends @ Vermilion Parish.
In a word, "disappointing".
As my late Mom would have said "One can't assemble poor quality ingredients and end up with a decent "dish".
I say "Try any of the good Vietnamese places in the same neighborhood." 
RickPoke and sushi are two of my favorite things in the world. If I could eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be raw fish and rice in either form. Poke Loa has naturally, then, been a weekly occurrence for me since its opening. Based on the quality of fish and ingredients offered, this would be 5 stars easily. The inconsistencies in portions, however, keep it at a 4. I am not a big eater but I have to always get a large bowl with extra protein in order to feel full afterwards. The other day I had someone pick me up the same bowl I get all the time, and there was about 4 tablespoons of rice, which was really disappointing. I'll still continue to go, but hope that they work these things out soon.So I tried the spicy tuna and salmon bowl with cilantro, mango, and ponzu sauce with additional toppings. It was quite refreshing.  The spicy tuna is extremely tasty. The atmosphere is fresh and new.  Their menu is very simple but the cuisine is perfect for Nola's hot summer days and a plain salad just won't do.  Overall Poke Loa is good for the cityLove this place!! They give big portions and have many topping options like mango and macadamia that I haven't seen at other poke places. Also I give it props for being the first poke place in Nola! Only bad thing about going here is that it's soooo hard to find parking, but if you live in Nola you're used to that.A Hawaiian-themed build your own bowl place is a zeitgeist-y thing right now. They're popping up all over. I can see some merits, and this one might stick around past the fad stage.
Ostensibly it is a seafood thing, but in its generic fast casual format, it serves vegetarian needs reasonably well, with the option to mix rice and greens for a base and tofu on top. It costs more than other fast casual places tend to, but given the range of choices, size of bowl, and the avocado one employee (wisely) suggested I add, it isn't a bad experience. You can get a fresh and nutritionally diverse bowl.
I would note to them that avocado, normally charged extra here (as in many places) comes free with a veggie bowl, but it wasn't entirely obvious (nor was it clear from their website and online ordering). Might want to clear that up. I was rather baffled by some other things. What the hell is a tobiko? Is it something I want to be eating? No, but I had to look it up on my phone to find out. Is their miso soup vegetarian or fishy? Again, I don't know. I don't ask businesses to cater their menu to me, but you could at least provide me with some clear information on things like this.
All that being said, it was good enough to be worth going back.After many visits, this place seems ok for a quick brunch. Their fish is fresh and price seems reasonable. However, every time when I visit here, they are always out of something. This is okay and not a big deal at first, but after awhile it gets kind of annoying. Can they just check their inventory and make sure they have enough of everything to sell for the whole day? Hoping my next visit, I can get yellowtail, baby cucumbers, and seaweed salad altogether.I have been wanting to get here since it opened.  We finally made it in tonight after a run at Audubon Park.  The veggie bowl was possibly the best salad I have ever eaten in my life.  It felt so nourishing and refreshing.  The textures, the flavors...This is THE best hot weather food.  I can't wait to eat here every day for the rest of my life.  It's going to be a problem.I am not even a huge fan of this type of food.. my wife dragged me here...I was blown away.. so fresh, so flavorful... I actually smile when she asks if we can go back.. definitely recommend this place.. and this is coming from a fat redneck cajun ...The space was minimalistic and clean. The staff was a bit frazzled and became impatient when we were trying to figure out the ordering system, but we went a few days after they opened and during peak dinner hour, so perhaps things have improved. Overall, I thought the fish wasn't very fresh. The tuna was mushy and fishy tasting. The octopus had frozen ice crystals on it. I will say the salmon was good. I really wanted to like this place, but after I realized I was eating all the toppings and not the fish...well that's a problem. The dish also could have used more sauce, but maybe I should have asked for more. Just felt very rushed by staff when ordering and felt like I was inconveniencing them by asking questions.Good quality, good variety, good and quick service. I had the pick your own ingredients and my wife had the salmon bowl. Both were delicious. 
Glad we decided to finally try it. Will definitely go back.My review of Poke Loa on Magazine is...ehh.   I travel to LA for work a lot and go to Sweetfin Poke as much as I can.   I was so happy to see a Poke place pop up here.   Although, it is good to have some healthy options popping up in a city that has few, I just wish it was better.  It's a cheaper quality version for the same price that I pay in LA. The spicy tuna mush is an absolute turnoff, and didn't taste very well.  They could do so much better with this place.  While they don't have competition at the moment, with the popularity of Poke in the past few years in other cities, it won't take long before they do.  Will I go out of my way to find parking for my car and go here.  No!  It's not worth the hassle for something mediocre. Perhaps people unfamiliar with good Poke will think it's fine.Amazing quality of fish. Great prices. Gluten friendly. Super quick. I eat here once a week or more.We enjoy poke loa for nights we cannot bring ourselves to cook.  It's a fast casual option with healthy but filling bites.  I think this is a nice addition to the garden district.
I used to go with the predetermined tuna bowel.  Most of the ingredients except for the tuna were foreign to me.  We have eaten here 5 or 6 times now, so I have upped my game.  I now order a la carte.  I like most things offered, so there are not many landmines you have to step around.  Tuna has always been fresh IMO.  Sometimes, the pieces are not well cut up so the tuna chunks will get stuck together.  Looks like the cut job sometimes doesn't get through the fascia.  And sometimes, raw fish just sticks together.  
Restaurant is clear and the service is friendly.  This has become one of our go-to spots.If you're ever in Nola and you like raw fish then you've got to try this place out. You won't be disappointed. I always order the king loa bowl because it has everything in it and I also get it without rice. They have all of these sauces that go very well with the fish along with the other ingredients that they put in there. The staff there are always friendly and the service is top notch. If you go in there and see a line don't worry because they work pretty fast.I went to Poke Loa a few weeks ago with my cousin. The set up is similar to Chipotle, with the assembly line. Don't go expecting an entire bowl of poke, there are lots of frills and add-ons. You will definitely fill up on the sides, which can include rice and crab meat. The poke itself was well marinated. I had the salmon and the spicy tuna, which seemed fresh. I think they said they purchase their fish from a local warehouse or market. Overall, it's a nice spot for salad with poke as a nice topping!I really like this place. It is fresh with good quality ingredients. I'm not a huge fan of tuna and have only had the salmon bowl. It was really tasty.I've only been to Poke Loa a few times but I definitely need to stop by here more often. The setting is clean and simple.  The people here are so awesome and the poke is always fresh.
I got the regular size bowl and it was so filling that I had to take the rest home. Some people will say it seems pricey; it's about $12-$15 for a bowl. But honestly, I'd pick a $12 bowl over a single sushi roll (which can be around the same price) anyday.
I like to build my own bowl but I'll have to try the preset bowls that they offer one day. This time I got half rice/spring mix, salmon, spicy tuna, sweet onions, baby cucumber, ponzu sauce, edamame, radish, crab salad (not my fave), mango, green onions, orange tobiko (the fish eggs, I like the other 2 flavors too), and then I top it off with all 3 aiolis, and furikake. 
Overall, it was a great combination. I like that I can customize my own bowl so if I just add things I like, not much can go wrong. It really depends on preference. There are a lot of toppings to choose from and the ingredients are pretty basic, but still great. The best part is that the toppings are unlimited!!! 
With my meal, I also got the watermelon cucumber agua fresca. This was perfect to combat the NOLA heat. I'll have to try the other agua fresca flavors some other time. I'll have to come back very soon!Great food and bowl options. Wayyyy too expensive. I've had poke all over the country and their pricing isn't reasonable at all. Overall great ambiance and located continently on the corner of magazine and Louisiana can't miss it!This place is super busy all the time. They have quick service and there ingredients are fresh. They have a limited menu with limited items. It is not hard to choose items from the menu. I tried both the tuna bowl and salmon bowl. Both were good. I would come her again for a quick and fresh lunch.Love this place. This is my second time coming hear in less than a week. Great ambiance and the ingredients are so fresh.Frrrreeesssh! Flavorful, delicious, quick, and repeatable.  After the first bite on my first visit,  I knew I would be coming back for more. 
First off, cleanliness! Funk level: Zero.  A selection of tuna, yellowtail, octopus, not a one fishy odor, again, because its super fresh.
Next, freedom! Get creative and create your own signature bowl, my goal is to keep tweaking my choices for my new go to.
And last but not least, the service.  We walked i. About 20 mins before closing, but were greeted and welcomed without any attitude, and were encouraged to review the menus and ask questions.  Thats the type of staff any owner could be proud of and wish to clone.  
I will definitely be coming back!Pleasantly surprised. The King Loa bowl was packed with fish, which was almost too much to eat for lunch (which is far from a complaint). The "fast casual" concept is easy and efficient, and the ingredients all seemed especially fresh. I'll definitely be back!This place was awesome! It's a sushi bowl/salad version of Chipotle but on a much higher level. Everything is fresh and there are no limits to the toppings that you want. The tuna was perfect and the portion sizes are more than filling. There are many different choices to add to your bowl/salad as well as sauces. If you are looking for a healthy place to eat and are craving fresh sushi but with a cool spin you must try Poke Loa.Oh my goodness! I wasn't prepared for all this deliciousness! We both had the tuna poke bowl and we both got one to go!! Best thing I've eaten in while!I moved to Nola from Los Angeles and am so happy to have found a poke place! Fresh fish and lots of options. Fantastic poke!Seeing as this is the only poke place in town and people might not know better, I can understand why most people seem to like it. But I've eaten at a bunch of poke places in California for the past two years and this place gives you the tiniest, skimpiest portion of fish BY FAR. I paid $14 for about five tiny pieces of each fish and they cover it up by giving you a ton of toppings. Who wants to pay that much for just toppings??? Don't waste your money unless you're desperate, and even then just go get sushi.This place is normally fine. It's nice to have a fresh alternative. However, tonight I went in around 8:30. They were out of rice. Brown rice and white rice. They explained that they were not making more because they close in a half hour. Um what? Rice is an integral component of the only item they sell. Considering they charge $16 a bowl and are ostensibly still open I feel like they could make a little rice. Seems really dumb from a business perspective-- I left and they lost my $16, and the ability to use up whatever other fresh ingredients needed to be used today... which I'm sure will cost more than making some rice. Boooo.Oooh I feel so fancy! I finally got over to Poke Loa for lunch, but unfortunately I forgot my yoga pants at home.
Since Kyoto closed, this town has certainly been missing a good poke bowl and I think that Poke Loa does a good job of filling that void. The process is easy enough: walk in, hop in line and tell them what you want. You can build your own bowl or you can choose a pre-made bowl from their menu. I decided to get the King Loa bowl, because the pictures looked great and it looked like you got a lot of bang for your buck. The King Loa bowl included four scoops of fish (salmon and tuna), three types of roe, rice, lettuce, onions, edamame, and a few other goodies all topped with a yummy sauce. I also got a Big Easy Bucha drink from the case and just like that I had the perfect lunch.
As others have said, the food is super fresh and they are bringing fresh fish out constantly. I loved my bowl and it was SO MUCH food for the money. Seriously, those who complained that it wasn't a lot of food didn't do their research- I even had leftovers. I love that you can mix  the bowl up yourself once it's "built" so that you can combine flavors. There were a lot of people on the day I came, but the staff had the line moving quickly.
I have to mention that the plastic bowls made my heart hurt. All of that plastic is going to be piled into landfills and it will never break down. I was actually glad that I had leftovers so that I could recycle the bowl after. I would love it if they added a recycling bin. It would be as easy as dumping the leftover food out of the bowl and tossing the bowl into the bin- something worth thinking about. NOTE: The owner just contacted me and informed me that the bowls are eco friendly and biodegradable! This makes me so happy!
All in all I loved it here and I would return in a heartbeat. This is a great little lunch spot and a great addition to the area.Poke Bowls are a delicious, filling, and healthy food. It's like sushi in a bowl, but 1000 times better. The Poke Bowls here were just as delicious as the ones I eat at my favorite restaurant back home. It's totally customizable too, so you don't have to eat anything you don't want to. So good that I may come back again before flying home! The free lemon cucumber water is a nice bonus.Fun new spot with a real positive vibe. The food is good but you're paying a lot for a small scoop and a ton of rice. Not sure how price point will work out with everything but its good and definitely worth checking out.This is the perfect spot to combat the Louisiana heat! Instead of all of the burger, hot dog, or mexican restaurants, Poke Loa is exactly what you need for a nice, refreshing lunch on Magazine St. 
All I have to say is PORTION SIZE! I could barely finish my regular bowl. I did the DIY bowl with rice/ mixed greens combo, tuna, cucumber (woah, good), cilantro, mango, jalapenos, and tobiko w/ chili sauce and whatever sauce the guy recommended. Oh and some crunchies because why not. My tuna was unbelievably fresh as were the greens, and all of the marinades/sauces gave the bowl wonderful flavor. (Don't be afraid to throw some extra heat on there, it is Louisiana after all!) All I could think about is how a typical guilty take out lunch in New Orleans makes you feel lethargic for the remainder of the day, but this was just enough to leave you feeling full yet refreshed to continue your day without craving a nap. Kind of like a sushi lunch but with more fish and less price...
I'm so pumped New Orleans finally has a place like this, and I will definitely be returning.