I had the Margee, I misread it as garlic roasted beef, my own fault. I was pleasantly surprised how good the garlic roasted beet was. I don't think this can be eaten as sandwich, I treated like and open faced salad sandwich.  The beet was cooked just right still refreshing and homemade pickled peppers and pickles were a nice change.
I give this a rating of indulge monthly.Great food!!! We enjoyed the ham and Gruyere Omelette and the salad. It was delicious and great prices. It's cool inside and has beautiful artwork on the walls.The cappuccino was undrinkable no matter what I added and $4 for the 6 oz cup was appallingMy GF and I happened to stop by here for lunch to escape the heat. We grabbed a window seat and enjoyed views of the train as it rumbled by. We ordered the salads and boudin balls. Overall the food was great. The service was casual and low-key, which I like.My husband and I went for a late lunch on a rainy day and were the only ones in the restaurant. The service was great and the food even better-- we got the grilled peach salad and the pulled pork sandwich. Both were delicious. Highly recommend!Visited for a late lunch.  Stunning space - can't wait to return when it is not a bazillion degrees out so can experience it with its showroom windows raised.  Got the mussels and a squash panini.  Mussels were excellent and the portion was sizeable.  Would skip the panini though - the bread was quite dense and heavy for a panini.  However, this is a minor gripe - its a neat place and the prices are great.Had brunch here on Saturday 3-25-17 absolutely fantastic!!! It's in a great old building located across the street from the railroad tracks. They have huge garage doors that open to the outside bringing in plenty of fresh air and the sounds of the city. I had the eggs Benedict with Boudin sausage it was to die for. The  greens that came with it I can honestly say were some of the best I've ever had. Everyone in our group had mimosas and bloody Mary's which were fantastic as well. My only advice would be when you have a large party of 10 to 12 people all drinking mimosas pichers would be a better bet. Don't get me wrong everything was great but it legitimately took 10+ minutes for refills on drinks ....only issue whatsoever..... not one person in our group had a negative thing to say about the food!!! The place has a great somewhat industrial feel and a very diverse cool staff. When we walked in our table was immediately ready and our server immediately started making small talk. Again do yourself a solid and stop in for brunch if you get a chance.Superchill, nice and healthy (omg at last) food. Come here if you're tired of the crazy. Def recommend the breakfast sandwich, salmon n potatoes and the shrimp saladSat outside with our dog. The service was excellent and the food was better! Been here and both times very happy with the quality of the food and service.  Enjoyed the Garden Frittata, the Country Breakfast Biscuit, grits, Ham and Gruyere Omelette. 
Finished it off with a walk through Crescent Park.Pretty good food and James definitely made the experience. He was super considerate and went above and beyond.Get on board for a great dining experience at Press Street Station!  The relatively new restaurant, located near the train tracks in the Bywater neighborhood, offers breakfast, lunch and dinner.
I had the house burger, 6 ounces of house-ground chuck on a sweet potato brioche bun with hand-cut fried. ($11, $1 more to add cheese or bacon). The meat, moist and tender, was well seasoned and cooked to order. A mini stack of greens could serve as a salad or to top off the burger.
Chef James Cullen, classically trained, can be seen checking out the dinning room and talking with patrons.
Press Street Station is a project of The NOCCA Institute, a nonprofit partner that provides support and advocacy for the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts. 
The menu includes a couple of salads, sandwiches, steak, and fish.I went here out of convenience and suddenly was really pumped when I learned that it benefits NOCCA. The space has an industrial feel and on this particular cool evening the garage doors were open providing nice air flow.  It's not a full service restaurant so you order at the register and they bring the food to your table. 
I ordered a student inspired pad thai spaghetti squash which was the vegetable of the day. It was really tasty and touched on all the flavors of pad thai without losing the integrity of the squash. It came in one size, which was a small side dish, but I could have eaten it as an entree. If you are a pancake person I would suggest it, they put apricot compote on top for a different flavor combo. It was super delish and you will not miss the syrup at all. 
If you are in the area and want to support a great public school, go to press street and try it out!Really cute spot for brunch. But I wouldn't actually ever come back to eat brunch here. Lol. 
Food was really bland and flavorless. 
Cochon d'lait - pulled pork on top of grits with 2 sunny side up eggs on top. This was really nothing special. If the pulled pork had some type of gravy, I think this would have been really good. But besides that, it just tasted like grits, pulled pork, and eggs that were just thrown together. 
Benedict with boudin patty - the name of this dish is escaping my memory. But it comes on top of a biscuit, not egg muffin. And collard greens underneath everything. This was everyone's least favorite dish. None of the flavors melded together, but the presentation was nice. The biscuit was not buttery or flaky like I like them. And the eggs were overpoached so the yolk was not runny at all. The collard greens were sweet. 
Fried green tomato BLT - comes with arugula not lettuce. But there was a side salad of lettuce on the side, which tasted like they just sprinkled salt and pepper on top, with a little bit of lemon. The bacon was burnt and there wasn't much on there to begin with. The fried green tomatoes were okay. Nothing special. It comes with aioli spread, but there wasn't enough so the sandwich was actually very dry. 
Salmon and potatoes - this was probably the best thing and it's just smoked salmon and potatoes. Lol.
Strawberry shortcake - literally a biscuit cut in half with strawberries and some powdered sugar on top. Very dry.This place is perfection!!The food is great and the service is wonderful, and it's topped off with being surrounded by amazing art while you enjoy your meal. Love it here.I came here with a group of 6 coworkers for lunch last month. And the space is amazing! So light and airy and as is only right filled with art.
The food was great. I loved my mushroom and gouda grilled cheese. Others had the frittata, the apple melt, and the pulled pork. Everyone loved their food and that mac-n-cheese was divine. No time for dessert but I look forward to having a more leisurely meal in the future.
When I know I'm going to a place that is training HS age students, I have more patience with service bobbles and really our only one was that no one was sure who was our server, but that was quickly handled. The iced tea and water refills were plentiful so Yay for that.We had a Sunday girls brunch at Press St and I'm sad to say it was underwhelming. First, although there are a lot of items on the menu...almost every item comes with a variation of pork sausage or bacon. It would be nice to have maybe some turkey bacon or a veg substitute. I don't eat pork and felt very restricted as to what I could order since pork was incorporated into many of the dishes. 
I ordered the Marigny Benedict ($13) which was 2 poached eggs over a biscuit and some root vegetables. I wasn't a big fan of the vegetables or the sweet yet bland sauce over the poached eggs. The sauce just tasted off. But the biscuit was really delicious.
Considering all the amazing brunch spots in New Orleans, I won't be heading back here. The bland food coupled with lack of non-pork options will keep me away...Really enjoyed having brunch here for Mother's Day. Press Street Station gets 4 stars simply for the bottomless mimosas, jazz band, and beautiful ambiance. The food was average and reminded me a lot of generic hotel restaurant food, if that makes sense. But it was not terrible, just average (and probably could get better over time). Would definitely come back here for the overall ambiance.LOOOOOVED this experience. Not only was my local shrimp dish so delicious that I literally turned my back from people at the restaurant and *licked* my plate, the service was on point, prices are reasonable and they let me sit here for about 3 hours and work. I live pretty close by this place and will 100% be back. Probably tomorrow. All the food is from Louisiana or Mississippi and proceeds benefit tuition-free NOCCA. Everybody wins!Had been wanting to come here for a while and finally had breakfast there this week.  Walking up the steps, I was a bit unsure if it was open as the dining room had its lights off, but was quickly greeted by a friendly woman who explained the cafe was open for counter service until 10am (when brunch officially starts).  Ordered a standard bacon-eggs-toast meal and really enjoyed the presentation and flavors.  Looking forward to going back to try something a bit more exotic sometime soon.I rate Press Street Station 3.5 stars.
I love trying new places, and with Press Street Station's Thursday night special of 3 courses for $25, I decided to give it a try with some friends.  
I love, love, love the atmosphere.  Open kitchen, pretty lighting, garage type doors that roll up when the weather is nice = winning!
Since PSS is BYOB, we each brought a bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner.
Service was attentive, and nice, though it needs help with simple dining procedures.  For instance, our entrees were brought to and set on the table with our dirty appetizer dishes still there.  Big no no.  But this place is new, and I'm sure they'll iron out those kinks.
The special deal last night was for an Italian themed menu.  
We started with roasted brussel sprout and other veggie bruschetta. The bread was really good, but the brussel sprouts were undercooked.  A simple taste test would've had this caught in an instance.  Also, the appetizer portion was huge.  It could've been half the size.
For our entrees 2 of us had the osso bucco with creamy polenta, while the others had the whole fish.  Both dishes were excellent, with my favorite being the osso busso. It was cooked perfectly, and the polenta was heavenly.
For dessert, we had the tiramisu.  It was really good.
The value for this dinner was amazing.  $25 for three courses of that quality is amazing.  Couple that with the fact that it's BYOB and they only charge a $3 per person corkage fee, and this makes for a really affordable dinner out. Oh...and they also include soda and sparkling water in the price!
As an added treat, they also had live music!  
I would absolutely return to PSS, hoping that they get a little more polished on the service.Great space really attractive & new inside w some cool stuff for sale trinkets books etc 
You order at the counter and they bring you and they bring it to table quickly we had the place mostly to ourselves the afternoon we arrived it's super new I think it was day 5 when we went but the food was delicious I had an inside out tamale w shrimp that was really unique and flavorful we shared fries which were just ok (frozen) and  not seasoned well enough we shared two desserts they had I enjoyed the brownie best but my friend thought the sweet potato pie was the winner you decide the restaurant is affiliated w NOCCA. And is invested in the community which makes me feel good about trying it out again I bet this menu will evolve & get better & better the chef if involved & talkative stopping by our table to get our opinion 
Check it out and give them the support they'll need!!Great brunch from the live music and Bloody Maria's all the way through to desert. Don't miss the beignets and boudin appetizer. Wait service staff were excellent as well. They were attentive without being intrusive and their recommendations did not fail to please the palate.Though a little expensive for lunch the food here is excellent. I had the reuben sandwich for lunch and it was the best reuben I have had in the city. Stacked with meat, cheese and sauerkraut on a toasted artisan rye bread. The absolute best in New Orleans. So much of a favorite that 5 orders for it was placed after mine and they ran out. Another great working culinary school in New Orleans this time for NOCCA so eating here is great and for a good cause.Excellent on all fronts--decor, space, staff and food! Stopped in for a rainy Monday morning breakfast. The perfect over- medium eggs came my way with crunchy grilled toast (already butter and the best sausage I have ever had! The coffee was strong and yummy! A gallery is next door which supports NOCCA. I loved this place and I will be back!Looks like a nice place. Went for breakfast at 8:00 on. Friday but left because dude was too hipster to spend anytime waiting on us. Too bad because we've had the best service in NOLA on our quick vaca.We stopped in after trying to get into another place that was full and we are so glad we did!
What a great little place. Unbelievable food, sweet friendly staff and the place itself is beautiful. 
We had shrimp and grits and it was the best in the city! The beignets were light and perfectly fried. The coffee was even perfect. 
We have a new favorite place to go! Can't wait to try more of the menu.Wait. Where did all those stars come from? I came here on a Sunday because my favorite places were packed. I should have taken this as a sign, as most tables were empty. Plus a place that serves breakfast and does not open til 9, probably isn't very good at breakfast. Waited forever for the handful of yuppies in front of me to order. It's kinda Portlandia style order here turn the computer around so you can pay, take a ticket to your table, get your water around the corner.... Bullshit. Extremely limited breakfast options. Silly computer board menu. IKEA decor, void of personality. I asked for iced coffee and the woman taking the orders, who was also void of personality, said.. "We may have enough for one full glass". Really?  I'll post a picture of the dessert case. It was as empty as a college dorm fridge. They really need to rework this place.Oowww baby, baby! 
Pulled pork sandwich was so tender, really well marinated and seasoned. On a sweet potato bun and some awesome fresh slaw. 
Could use some BBQ sauce but I'm from STL so maybe it's just me 
Service was kind n knowledgable
Definitely a must eat! I'm in loveExcellent brunch. There were 4 of us, and we had 4 Mimosas which went down well. I also had the Bywater Benedict, which was a local take on Eggs Benedict with Boudin. It was delicious and I had this with an iced coffee (very much a necessity in the heat). Would go again on a heartbeat. Reasonably priced too.I really wasn't impressed. Grits were lukewarm and the whites of the eggs were liquid in places. Service was friendly but very slow despite there only being 4 tables filled. 
Pulled pork had a good flavor as did the Earl Grey accented gin cocktail.I had been meaning to try this and heard good things about it, so I walked down for lunch and I was sorely disappointed. On a 94 degree day they had the door open, and I suppose it was supposed to jazz brunch since they had a group playing. They were pleasant enough but far, far too loud for the space. Poor waitresses had sweat running down their faces. I took my sandwich home since it was so hot. The green tomato on my fried green tomato was vastly under cooked, cut way too thick. Other things could be good; my lunch was not.Great space and a concept that benefits both the community and the NOCCA students. 
Stop by for dinner and had the place all to myself. I ordered the NOCCA Knuckle Sandwich which was developed by a student and very tasty. My food came quickly and the waffle fries were so good! 
I do agree with the Yelper who said the menu is all over the place which makes it hard to put combinations together (especially when you're dining alone). 
Hopefully the menu will evolve and while they don't have a liquor license they are BYOB with no corkage fee and a great outdoor space.Great brunch experience. They change their menu often and use local ingredients. French Toast with lemon syrup and Ham and Gruyere Omelet were great!The menu is creative in the way they put a New Orleans/Southern spin on traditional menu items. I had the french toast, which was cooked just right and had the powdered sugar and a nice cherry glaze sauce on the bottom. A side of bacon and nice cup of medium roast coffee. The only drawback of this place is the price is a little bit high for what you get. My two pieces of French Toast, side of bacon and coffee was $20.This places address, for those of you using your car's GPS to find it, is #600 Press Street, NOT #5.
The food is excellent, with free parking across the street.  Excellent coffee.Went here for lunch today with a coworker.  I got the cheeseburger with steak fries.  I asked the burger to be medium.  It was way rarer than I would have liked, but ate it anyway.  The fries were great, too.  My coworker had the squash Panini and couldn't stop raving about it.  The service is slow, but besides that it was good.Poached eggs  , grits, homemade sausage patties, biscuit and cappuccino. Slice the biscuit in half, insert sausage patty and get a taste if heaven. Really delicious . Service was slow marked by getting our cappuccino at the end of the meal. I'd eat here againRun by NOCCA kids. This place is epic. A breath of fresh air for the neighborhood. The food is creative, fun, and tasty. Just opened middle of February: will be the go-to place within 2 months.Last night some friends and I enjoyed a lovely 6 Course meal with two paired wines per dish. Everything was spectacular ! Our server Kenneth made it a very memorable experience with his knowledge in wine, the dishes served, and his joyful  personality. I felt as if I were being served by an old friend I had know for years. The interior design of the  restaurant and its 1940's vibes is right up my ally. I loved the fans. I/We look forward to bringing more people to enjoy this lovely place for some new upcoming events and future wine tastings! Thank you for the wonderful dining experience .You know those things in life that make you feel like a million bucks, but you can afford without going broke? Like eating macadamia nuts out of the jar, using long-stemmed flatware, or toasting? This place is like that. The food is fantastic to a level that demonstrates the skill of chef Johnathan. True to my fatty credit, I tried pretty much everything on the menu and I'm struggling to pick a favorite (though if a golf club was aimed at my head, I would have to say the tostones were awesome). Its got a cool, modern interior without the pretention that is typical of this neighborhood as of late (skinny jeans and animal hats not required). Plus the prices and portions are super reasonable.
Protip: check out the rotating art gallery next door after.Went with a group of 10 friends for our monthly "try-a-new-restaurant" outing. The menu is fairly limited, esp. for dinner, but the food was excellent and everyone seemed very pleased. PSS is very casual (you order at the counter) so if you're looking for fine dining, this ain't the place.
That said, for a group of our size, everything came out in a reasonable time with the servers getting the right food to the right person (which is more than I can say for some fancy-schmancier establishments). 
I had the boudin-stuffed mirliton (exc.), the "Darn Good Chicken tostones" (braised chicken in PSS hot sauce w/fresh cilantro sour cream) and though different from what I was expecting was excellent (it could almost serve as a full lunch) and a special of spaghetti squash pad thai (also a little different from what I expected--there wasn't much pad thai to it--but still very tasty; I would've finished it but was getting filled up. I offered it to a friend who finished it proclaiming it the best thing he had this evening (and he enjoyed his burger with both regular and sweet potato waffle fries)). Somehow I did find room for a yummy chocolate torte :-)
There's art from NOCCA alums (and students?) throughout the restaurant; the four-panel portrait of the little girl victims of the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing is a stunner. And that profits from the restaurant help support financial aid for NOCCA students and programs that bring guest artists to the school is the icing on the proverbial cake. GO!I've been wanting come here for a while and now that I have I will defiantly be back soon. The large open warehouse space gives a really cool/fun vibe and the food is superrr...tastee. The breads they make for sandwiches are fricken doughlicious and all the ingredients are fresh and well prepared. It's a wonderful place and always love supporting NOCCA. Definitely recommend!There really isn't anything better than a delicious hearty breakfast after a long night out.  I always want something comforting, served with a smile, and good coffee.  If you are in the Bywater area, this place is awesome.  The sweet potato brioche french toast is out of this world.  Perfectly fluffy, served with a delicious fruit compote. Add in some thick smoky bacon and you've got yourself a mouth watering perfect meal to get you out of feeling a bit sleepy.  The service is great, and there is an art gallery to view as well.  Perfect!I'm so torn on this place. I want to love it, but I don't. After seeing such good reviews and hearing that it was run by NOCCA students, I made it a point to make my way over here. Stepping inside, I immediately fell in love with the whole concept of the restaurant. The decor is absolutely amazing. You have the option to sit outside on the patio or inside with the garage doors open to the outside. 
Here is the part I don't get. The menu. Almost everything on it sounds delicious, but it's just so all over the place. Everything is a la carte which makes it difficult to put together a whole meal. I came here at lunch time with a friend starving and was frustrated because unless I ordered 2 or 3 different things, nothing on the menu except for a burger would satisfy my hunger. Although tempted to leave, we decided to stick around. My friend ordered the chicken tostones and I ended up getting a burger (whomp whomp). The chicken tostones were delicious. Seasoned perfectly and stuffed inside plantains, these things were packed with flavor. So good that my friend ordered another helping after she finished the first. My burger was pretty good, no complaints over here. 
All in all I wouldn't rush to make my way back, but I would try it again. Just not as hungry. I would come here more if I was lookin for a light bite, but not a full fledged meal.We've been here for brunch a few times and it has always been a great experience. The cocktails are great- must try the Prodigal Son. I prefer the Roasted Vegetable Sandwich because you can't go wrong with that ever. My friends and family have had everything from the Bywater Benedict to simple pancakes and have enjoyed each bite. They have a traditional coffee menu, make a mean Bloody Mary, and usually have a jam session happening in the corner. There is a lot more seating than you'd think, so don't be shy to bring people with you. And if you are a party of one or two, the bar staff makes good conversation.What a hidden gem. Went in on a Saturday around 11am. No crowd, no wait...I fear that will change quickly. It was the first day of a new menu from the new chef. First, everything on the menu looks delicious, I had a hard time choosing what to get. Second, Everything we ordered was amazing. Can't wait to go back to try more.  Do yourself a favor and eat here, your belly will thank you.Amazingly sophisticated dishes in a hip, newly renovated historic warehouse next to the train tracks at NOCCA, that's counter service/diner themed. BYOB with suggested donation to NOCCA which makes it one of the best values in town. Open faced shrimp tamale was a killer, as was the Blue Pig plate. Eggs and grits perfect as was the house made bread! Plan to work my way down the menu, and look forward to upcoming performances by NOCCA alumni and students!With an hour wait at elizabeths, which was recommended to us, we decided to post up here. What a great decision!  Jazz music, open air, art, and amazing brunch. Happy and so glad we stumbled upon this gem.I had just slept off a red eye flight and was looking for somewhere with breakfast at 2:30pm. Press street station did not disappoint. The food was imaginative and fresh. I had the fried green tomato Benedict. The Marigny Benedict. Every bite was delicious from start to finish. Ooooo the crispness of the biscuit. The French press coffee was strong and flavorful. And Victoria was a cheery, helpful, prompt, courteous server. Well I guess she's a "bartender" since I sat at the bar. Thank you Press Street Station for being awesome!BLUF:  Great food with a great purpose; to better the community.
Went on a Sunday morning.  It is right were the Plessy v. Feguson incident happened.  The place itself is very large with a lot of indoor and outdoor seating.  It was not very busy but should be.  
The staff I believe is all local high school students.  I think the are also going to start teaching classes to local youth too which is awesome.
We started with a smoked salmon and potato appetizer.  It was not all that great.  Basically crisp potato medalions, slivers of smoked salmon and capers.  Fine but not very interesting.
The main course was awesome though.  I got the boudin benedict.  The boudin paties were huge with a light crisp outside and soft inside.  The poached egg was perfectly runny with a nice hollandaise sauce.  It sat on a biscuit which was nice and dense.  And all that was on top of greens.  I personally prefer vinegar greens which were not these.  I thought the greens were bland.  That being said,  everything together was awesome.  It really was a great meal.
Wife got a standard breakfast with grits.  She is a grits snob and loved hers.  They were very creamy or cheesy (I forget which but she loved them).  
Definitely a great place doing great things for the community (also get some of their food from the neighboring garden).  Def good place to go.Cold brew coffee. Grits. Pulled pork. Sunny side up eggs. Goat. Yes, I said "goat". Decent parking. Excellent service. Awesome ambience.  Did I mention the grits and pulled pork? Oh, yeah, I did. Wish I had discovered this place upon arrival in NOLA. You're missin' out if you insist on limiting your breakfast to beignets.  Sooooooo delicious and a totally refreshing place.Visited this place today for brunch. Really nice eclectic atmosphere. Loved the art work on the walls. Chickory coffee was fantastic! Not listed on the menu for some reason. We started with the smoked salmon appetizer...pretty damn tasty! The menu is pretty well rounded so it was hard for me to decide...but I finally opted for the breakfast sandwich. It was pretty good as well. Reasonable prices with a low key vibe makes this a nice go to spot any day of the week.this is such a great space, and hardly anyone is there when I go.    probably cause I go early in the daytime when folks are in school, and its usually a tuesday.    
we had a reuben with home fries and my hubby loved it.   I got the beet and arugula salad, which was peppery and yummy.   the dressing made the salad and the goat cheese added extra zing.
we shared a side of their mac and cheese which rated in one of the top mac and cheeses I've ever had.   popping it into the salamander at the end so it was crispy bubbly and crunchy.
we will be back.
you can sit outside here, and enjoy local art from students making this a win win.
everyone who works here is really friendly and goes out of their way to make it a great atmosphere.The menu is fabulous, and the staff is very friendly.  I had the duck confit, which was perfect in its preparation.  The specialty cocktails are delicious. 
The atmosphere is wonderful, and the concept and mission of the restaurant makes eating at this location an all-around great experience.We stopped here by chance and had such a lovely lunch! I had the fried green tomato BLT, and it was delicious. My husband chose the Gulf shrimp salad, and that too was fantastic. The dessert, pumpkin pudding with bourbon whipped cream and ginger cookies was light and delicious, and the service was perfect, attentive and not intrusive. We will be back!Well, I was so excited to eat at Press St. until I sat down and and order. 
The staff is very unorganized.
the food was cold, it sat there for over 5 minutes waiting to be served.
Eggs Benedict, were over cook and very bland..
Over all not so good!Excellent food! Amazing okra! We had dinner with our friends and ordered almost all the small plates. Each dish flavor was distinct and authentic. We enjoyed the chicken as well and devoured the persimmon upside down cake. The kitchen staff was accommodating and tailored the dishes to our dietary needs. Can't wait to go back. Great fresh food! The location is somewhat hidden, and our taxi driver wasn't sure of the location. Well worth the troubles.I really don't write reviews but after this experience, I feel compelled. I was not impressed. That is an understatement. The wait staff was not friendly. No smiles. Service was slow. The meal was pretentious. I ordered the salmon and potatoes. I cannot say if it was good because it was so spicy, I could not taste it. Nothing on the menu indicated it would be that spicy. I will not return.This was a great find. I usually don't get really excited about salads, but the Gulf shrimp salad was just about the best salad I've ever had. It would be just as mouthwatering without the shrimp, vegetarians. The atmosphere was really great, too. It's really open and airy, but still warm and inviting.Great concept in a cool space showcasing beautiful and unique art. I loved the New Orleans twist on brunch staples such as the Marigny eggs Benedict. I was a little disappointed by the mocha I ordered which was about 12 oz served somewhat sloppily in a giant mug. I prefer the traditional 8 oz with latte art because I like over-paying for coffee (not really but I know I'm being obnoxious with this one critique).I forgot how much I hate salad. I was reminded today when dining at Press Street Station for lunch. This definitely isn't a reflection on the restaurant though, which was very good. The fries and the boudin balls are AMAZING. Their grits are also very, very tasty as well as the biscuits. I ordered the Mediterranean salad which ill attempt to post pictures of. It was decent and tasted like salad. I found the chicken to be dry and the garlic lemon vinaigrette tasted more like straight lemon juice which could be a pro or con depending on who you're talking to. For me it was a con. As I said I hate salad but am trying to eat healthier. Obviously it's not going too well.
The restaurant is really confusing when you walk in. They have a hostess' podium but it's kind of pushed to the side so you don't know if you're supposed to wait or if you just sit down. Tip: you just sit down. Perhaps they should add an artsy sign to instruct customers. Also no one greeted me when I entered. I stood at the entrance with a confused look on my face for about 10 seconds and then I just decided to sit. The servers were all very nice though. I will definitely be back to try other things on the menu. Oh and they have really nice lighting for food pics if you're into that kind of thing.3.65 - Atmosphere
1.15 - Food
2.55 - Cost
1.00 - Service
-------------------------
1.725 - Avg Total (out of 5)
I had high hopes for this place as I have driven by it more times than I can count. 
The Atmosphere is the best thing this place has going for it. Very appealing, both inside and outside.
The Food sounds good in concept/on paper but in reality it is super sloppy, burnt and lazy. The guys in the back clearly don't care about their quality or execution. Not at all.
I would pay the listed prices without batting an eyelash but the food was so crappy that I just cant justify the cost.
Lastly, I have serious concerns regarding the service there. Our waitress was not only filthy but clearly on something which Im neither here nor there on but when it effects my brunch, Im not having it. 
Ill even go as far to say: The service at Junction might be a tiny bit better (Drops the mic).
All in all, I would equate this place to buying a car with a nice paint job and then realizing the engine is old, damaged and rusted. You can fool me once....I love the modern design of this space, I love that you can purchase mini works of art from the shelves and I loved my French Toast. I wish the berry compote was less sweet but I didn't mind that much since I devoured every last bite! The coffee was yummy and I lingered a while just reading the newspaper and relaxing. When it is less hot I am going to enjoy coffee on their porch overlooking Press St. Gardens, NOCCA & the train tracks. This place is really special, filled with light, great for a morning meet-up. Very happy Press Street Station is open for the community!The menu lists cappuccino, but they have no espresso...what you get is regular coffee with a lot of milk.  Ordered a biscuit, got a refrigerated biscuit placed in the microwave.  hard as a brick.  Oh, and when they brought the biscuit they were out of butter/margarine and out of jelly...why didn't they say so when I ordered?  Never again!!!My event that was held on Veteran's Day Weekend required a place where I could seat 25pp, a Saturday Brunch, and to serve everyone within an hour and a half. The menu of course, had to be YUMMO NOLA Louisiana fare for a mix of mainly adults and some awesome kids.
Frankly, I had never been to New Orleans, ever, so, I just wasn't sure.
Out of the 10 places I called upon, Press Street Station contacted me the next day, and a week or 2 later, one other place contacted me. Iman was absolutely friendly, reassuring they wouldn't have a problem serving our group of Ingress Agents, who were going into competition within the next few hours, after our brunch for the ViaNoir Anomaly.
Our Green Dragon's team showed up promptly at 11AM, sat down at our waiting table, happily ordered quickly, and soon after, we as a group probably ordered one item from all the menu items from Breakfast to Lunch. One GB agent commented, "BEST DAMNED GRITS, ANYWHERE!!!" Our waiter was just fantastic, laid back (as you have to be with large groups) he changed out the Eggplant in my Eggs Benedict to Bacon. It wasn't some two pieces of bacon, it was 6 Pieces or so strips of bacon!! The rave reviews of the Boudin & Beignets, French Toast (It's not just ANY French Toast, either!) Cochon d'Lait is what my husband had, and he practically licked his plate... Marigny Benedict... It was all fantastic. Thank you to Press Street Station, we all wanted to return again that same weekend, to try more items on the menu, since the menu was so fresh, priced well, and it was ALL delicious! Keep up the great work!! You guys treated us really well and delivered with expediency for our event!!!! Thanks so much!!I've dined here twice and this is an average scoring of both visits. The first time was a solid 4.5.
Today I dined in again because I wanted a burger and my friend wanted brunch, so we settled on Press Street so we could both be happy. It was, unfortunately, unfortunate. 
To start, a storm was moving in and the garage doors were open, and the wind was consistently irritating. There's a time for al fresco dining and there's a time to close the doors. This was the latter. My burger was cooked to a level of dry reserved usually for desert sand and at the same time dripping with enough grease to turn the bread transparent, so much so that it pooled on the plate. The fries were coated with grease, old, limp and all around not very sexy. A bargain at just $14, #amirite?
My friend enjoyed her Benedict so I tacked on an extra star for her meal. I won't be back again, which sucks because I really want to like this place.Chef and menu changed last week fyi.  I would give 5 stars, but I think they are going to get even better.  Regardless, I licked my plate clean today (and so did the people I was with).  It seems as if they listened to y'all and made the menu make more sense.  It certainly made a lot of sense to me across the board.
They'd absolutely own the block with an espresso machine... and the staff said it was in the plans.  It is still BYOB, but as a breakfast/lunch/brunch place that's run by NOCCA, liquor is definitely not a requirement for me.Great food! Wonderful service with exceptional food! Beautiful and charming atmosphere !
Can't wait to go back!What a great place and a neat atmosphere. It use to be an old train station. We had breakfast here and had the ham and Gruyere omelet. Coffee was delicious too. Everyone was very friendly and personable. I love the entire NOCCA school and we look forward to donating down the road. We purchased several gift items at the restaurant for Christmas gifts from the students. The food was delicious. The green salads and potatoes as sides were awesome. I would highly recommend this spot for a nice and fast breakfast.This place is a gem! The service is great and the vibe is chill. They have great gluten-free options. I had the shrimp salad which was so good! Perfect amount of spice. This place is located across the street of studio b an amazing art gallery. A different side of New Orleans. This place is also a non-profit that supports the Nocca arts center.Big airy space, efficient friendly staff. If you can't eat gluten, make sure to ask that they do not add bread to your plate. New potatoes were good. Chicken liver mousse was OK. I rounded off my meal with coffee and a cheese plate. Pretty good for an emergency dinner :)Food and service were both excellent! The salmon hit the spot and was the perfect portion. My husband got the cuchon de lait and it was also fabulous. Well done!It was on our list of restaurants to check out. So we decided to walk the 30 mins. I know, crazy! I must say, it wasn't the greatest scenic walk on St. Peters from the French Quarters (Royal to Press is way better). Love the look when I walked in. Took me 15 mins to decide what to eat on the menu but ended up with the Press Street Breakfast Biscuit, they ran out of the sausage patties so ended up with bacon. The homemade biscuit was so good. Also order the Cochon d'Lait, a must. The sauce was amazing and the pork just cooked just right. Then we had to have the smoked gouda mac and cheese. Probably the main reason why we had to go.  Very clean, staff were great and I love the look of the place.Bywater location just down around the way from French Market.
I had the cochon d'lait on grits with 2 eggs over medium.  Superb.  They allow dogs on the patio.
Clean, lots of parking, in an up and coming part of town.  I also had a beautiful little lime and rum cocktail (since it was brunch).  I will definitely go back.Dani was our server for a 20 person birthday brunch! She was absolutely incredible, efficient, gracious, quick, friendly! Thank you so much for gelling make this day so special!Located right across from Press Street Garden. 
My husband and I came here for breakfast around 7:30 am on Tuesday morning after we arrived into New Orleans. When we came in, we were greeted by a young man and told we could sit anywhere. We ended up picking a seat at the counter. After browsing the menu, we ended up getting:
Cochon D'lait, $12 prior to tax- This dish makes for one fantastic meal. The slow roasted pork shoulder was incredibly tender and flavorful. The au jus sauce was perfectly made. My husband and I both loved the creamy grits. It was so creamy and buttery and had a nice flavor to it with the added cornmeal. I have never had grits quite like this and wanted to lick the bowl clean.
Vegetable Omelette, $10 prior to tax- This egg omelette was pretty filling and had plenty of tomatoes, spinach and red bell peppers in it. The cheese wasn't an overkill and made just right. I also liked the salad, as it was a great portion and accompaniment. 
----------------------------------
(Total= $24.20 after tax, prior to tip)
Our server was friendly and attentive. He checked up on us often and I made small talk with him. He told me that a new chef was just hired and a new menu has just been developed since last week (he told me there used to be more items on the menu). He also told me that they are now open for dinner and on Sundays, they have life music during brunch. I also found out that all of the art in this restaurant was all created by the students from NOCCA. He even pointed out that each vase at the table and along the counter were made by different students. I thought that was pretty cool that a restaurant would feature art from the students. There is even a gallery inside this restaurant. 
I was pretty impressed with the food items offered at this restaurant. The 2 food items we ordered was impeccable and am glad this was our first meal here in NOLA. I would highly recommend this restaurant and would come back if I was visiting this area again.We finally had our first experience here and it was phenomenal. Just really good, quality food done right. Nothing fancy, and hot damn that's exactly what this neighborhood needs. Incredible value. Good atmosphere. No hipsters. This is what a modern American diner should be. Put the Reuben sauce on everything. Chef James is an awesome dude. Service is friendly, prompt and fun. Also, they have a big screen TV for Saints games! Can't wait to work my way through the menu before winter swimming at the Country Club.A perfect place to enjoy a meal or snack when you're waiting for your NOCCA student. Delicious fresh food. Friendly staff. We really enjoyed all the fresh produce on the menu. Would have liked to see more salad options, and the entrees sound heavy. But once you order, the food is delightful and loaded with gorgeous produce. Drink menu is fun and inspired by literature. Not to mention delicious.I didn't know much about this little gem before I got there but to my surprise it was what I had been missing in my life! 
When we arrive there was plenty of parking because guess what?? They have a huge parking lot! That's a win win, especially for that area! 
The building to say the least, is very unique and glowing with outside light (in a good way). It sets an ebullient mood. It's filled with very unique paintings and art work that you can simply admire or purchase for yourself. The artwork was created by NOCCA students, which I think is just phenomenal! They have both indoor and outdoor seating which is definitely a plus!
On one of our visits we were serenaded by a jazz band! I have to say that was the right start for a Sunday brunch. 
Now for the food...EXQUISITE! It was so flavorful and filling. I've had and shared a few of their dishes: the Cochon d'lait, the pain perdu, the pancakes, the steak and eggs, the bywater Benedict, and the yard egg plate. Can't pick a favorite though because each visit I was in a mood for something different. I will say one thing though I enjoyed every dish. I left there with a happy tummy! 
Another thing I have to mention is their coffee! Very savory! You can get it hot or iced. Either way it's a must have. If you are coffee drinker you will certainly enjoy its flavor! 
The service was first class. The servers were dynamic and savvy. Not once, was our coffee cup empty! 
So now Check it out for yourself!Everything was great! We came on a Saturday morning and everyone was very friendly and seated us quickly. The food came out at a reasonable time and was sooo good. I got the press street plate and I loved every bite! At first appearance the biscuit looked pretty basic but I'm so glad I got it; It paired with the butter & jelly was the highlight of my day! & the mimosas were truly bottomless!