Crawfish mac n cheese = outstanding! Cornbread was awesome, too. Good strong drinks and great service.If you're a lover of good food and lots of choices, this restaurant is for you. Number 1 dish of the night, the burger. My oh my, it was one of my top 3 of all time. Also tried the short rib Mac & cheese, crawfish dip, fried green tomatoes, beef stroganoff, rotisserie short rib, Brussels sprouts, and shrimp & andouille croquettes. Dessert special of the night was a chocolate chip skillet cookie with ice cream. (Side note, my friends and I didn't eat all day after reading over this menu in anticipation of our reservation). My favorite dishes were the burger, Brussels sprouts, crawfish dip and fried green tomatoes. Service was great and the drinks were strong. Do yourself a favor and visit this place.I stayed at Nopsi Hotel over the weekend and had dinner one night at Public Service. The restaurant was clean, server was courteous and the food was delicious! We ordered the seafood tower, fried oysters, oysters on the half shell, bone marrow, shrimp entree and everything was very good. The atmosphere of the restaurant was comfortable, relaxing. Our server seemed new when we asked questions but she returned with our questions answered. I'm from NYC and very picky with food but this place was definitely worth it!!I had two breakfasts here and my wife had dinner with the kids last night.  The first breakfast was a spin on eggs Benedict with smothered greens-it was under seasoned and just ok.  My wife said that her steak was ok last night and the pancakes were good this morning.  If not for the fact that this was located in a really cool hotel I doubt that it would see much action-but given that it is it will probably survive.  If given no other choices it is an ok choice.The restaurant is beautiful with an eclectic, seasonal menu filled with fresh local choices. We had fantastic service - Ashley was an amazing server from start to finish. She provided a wonderful overview of the menu and impeccable recommendations and we left extremely happy with our choices. We can't wait to try it again!Public Service is the restaurant located in the NOPSI.  The restaurant has some kinks to work out, but food was decent.  Here's the breakdown.
We had a business lunch downtown with four buddies very familiar with lunch in the CBD/French Quarter.  Public Service was suggested by one of the guys.  No research needed.  Easy reservation to get.  They did an excellent job with the renovation.  The lobby and restaurant are good-looking.  Fantastic ambiance.   We were seated at an over-sized booth, which we all appreciated.
Our waitress was not great.  Very sweet, but not a good waitress.  A few times we had to flag her or really anybody down for drink refills.  She was not particularly familiar with the menu and had trouble elaborating on the details of the dishes.  We suspected growing pains given how newness.
The hushpuppies were a hit.  We had two orders and none went to waste.  They're filled with corn, pimento, cheddar and topped with cane syrup.  Really nice.  Highly recommend.  I had the burger, cooked medium.  It was ok. 3/5 would be generous.  Nothing extraordinary either in a good or bad way.  Everyone kind of felt blah about the food with the exception of the hushpuppies.  
Looking at the restaurant and the menu, I thought the food was going to be great.  The ambiance certainly elevated the lunch experience.  On the other hand, the service leaves much to be desired.  That leaves the food.  Pretty good but not great.  Probably won't repeat with so much competition in the area.  
In regards to his shrimp roll, lil Jacob's quote:  "Light on flavor, heavy on mayonnaise."We stayed at the NOPSI Hotel for 5 days and 4 nights. This entry covers two reviews: one is for a dinner and the other is for a breakfast.
On the 7th of December we did not get enough of the local food on our first dinner round so we decided to indulge in some more. After looking at the menu we could not really see many choices that are considered local or, at least, at a decent price (most of the stuff is on the pricey side). As I considered my options I eventually identified a few and I decided I was going to eat some fish so I ordered a black drum for $24 (not specifically listed on the menu because it's the catch of the day and it was disguised as "Louisiana Gulf fish"). As a drink I ordered an iced tea, nothing that deserves paragraphs or standing ovations so I will not digress on that. The seafood arrived a reasonable time later. It consisted of stacked slices of fish on top of some dark beans pointing towards the center of a plate with a buttery sauce drizzle. The dish itself was good and enjoyable. It had a bold but sophisticated flavor that you find in fine restaurants. From what I tasted it seemed to me the cook knew what he/she is doing.
On the morning of the 8th of December we woke up early and we decided to have breakfast at the restaurant. The weather was horrible (cold and rain) so we decided to start the day in a relaxed way. We arrived early in the morning (0700-0730), a great time to have breakfast because I like quiet places and the place was quiet. We ordered Belgian waffles (spelled Belgiam in the menu in the room). Since I don't like butter in/on most stuff, particularly on waffles, I asked not to put butter on the waffles. After 20 minutes our food was not yet available. Considering the fact the restaurant was deserted and we showed up rather early, I came to the conclusion they must have went to Belgium to get the waffles. After a while I looked over and I read the mannerism of our waitress. The entire thing translated into "he does not want butter and there is butter on these waffles" which in turn translated into "you gotta do them again lady cook" so in the end I believe we waited about 30 minutes before eating. When the waffles arrived (presumably from Belgium) they landed on our table and they had a nice appearance. The syrup that came with them was sweet and tasty. It wasn't the regular cheap waffle syrup you find at IHOP or Denny's. It had a higher quality, it was pure cane syrup and I could taste the difference. The waffles were good but they eventually got chewy after a while. Still, they were good, a little pricey ($12) but nonetheless a good way to start a day.
The service at night was good so I cannot complain about that. Our waiter was patient although somewhat unprepared in terms of mannerism and the way you would talk to customers, almost as if shy or on the first day at work. The service in the morning was mediocre. The lady serving us was a little stiff, disappeared for a long time.
The thing I liked the least about the restaurant was that the utensils were sitting directly on the table. For a place with a nice, relaxed and sophisticated ambient like the one in this restaurant forks and knives on the table a big minus in my book. Aside from the fact it's not elegant, it's not even clean. I wonder how this place can pass regular health inspections. Luckily, the manager on site at night understood the point when I asked for clean utensils and helped promptly. The person who served us in the morning paused when I asked for clean utensils (almost as if my request was totally unreasonable).
I have one suggestion to the management which has two facets: train your personnel to be more friendly and relaxed and never take utensils back to the kitchen before bringing clean ones to the table (I am not sure to this day we got clean forks and knives at breakfast).
I would give 4 stars to the place but the service can be improved and the utensils mustn't lay on the bare table so I can only award 3 stars.If you're looking for a simple breakfast in a very attractive spot, Public Service is a terrific option.  The service was friendly, and the bacon is some of the best that I've every had.A random search of a close restaurant nearby that I hadn't been to before showed up as Public Service, and that's how I find this place.  We got there while they were serving their brunch menu and that's just what the doctor ordered after a morning of flying.  Mimosas and a Cuban Mufalleta hit the spot!  The serving sizes are a little strange though- my sandwich was plenty big for brunch, maybe even a little large but my husband's salad that was a little too small.  So we split it and that worked great, but if I had ordered just the watermelon salad I would have still been hungry and probably drunk after I also hit that Public Punch from the cocktail menu.  Overall though I really liked this spot and probably will give it another shot when I'm back in town again.Order the Boudin Stone Grits with a side of poached eggs!! Also the Rotisserie Porchetta Hash and Eggs. Upscale comfort food/dining but the prices are very comfortable.Everything I tried, the hush puppies, the poutine and the mushroom tagliatelle, was very tasty. Service was good and  friendly, but our server seemed to have more ground to cover than she should have given the caliber of restaurant.
The hotel housing Public Service is very nice, and the restaurant space itself is tastefully appointed but not really warm or intimate. Overall, it was a good but not overwhelming experience.YUMMMMM!!!Stayed here for Sugar bowl 2018, too cold to go outside. Thought we'd grab a beer and some grub....surprise!  I almost licked the plate! Tasso hush puppies to die for; sweet with a cane syrup glaze. Bourbon soaked wings pretty darn good as well. Took us 30 minutes to get a beer, and food took 31 minutes...so service was sketchy. Go Clemson Tigers...beat Bama!I'm usually unsure about restaurants in hotels, but this one is GREAT! Great food, great service, great atmosphere. My fiancé and I have a dog so we couldn't go in the restaurant and asked to get take out so we could eat on the hotel patio. The restaurant had servers come deliver our food instead of giving us our food in a box. Very nice. Definitely recommend!Stopped in for lunch last Saturday on our way to the French Quarter. Beautiful hotel and venue. We had a lovely meal. It was still brunch menu. We really enjoyed the bloody Mary's, the gumbo (cup is almost a bowl), oyster Caeser salad. Egg Sardou was decent but needs to be served w bread. Great experience. Only suggestion is to print brunch menu in larger font for us over 50 crowd. Check out the rooftop bar while you are at NOPSI.Came here for dinner right when they opened and...
PROS:
- was promptly seated
- restaurant decor was nice and had high ceilings and comfortable (private) booth seating.
- server attentive and friendly
- appetizer prices were reasonable
- gumbo and mac n cheese were good
CONS:
- didn't find the complementary cornbread and hush puppies to be appealing. They tasted bland and hush puppies were very hard.
- steak frite entree was rather expensive for a small piece of ribeye cut into further small pieces. It did include some large overly salted fries.
- tagliatelle entree was decent but pasta was a little hard.Should've read the writing on the wall when there were only 4 people eating dinner at prime time.
Cold food.  Terrible service. App was cold, dinner was room temperature. Made several requests for drinks and refills that were ignored. 
Save your time and money. 
Will not be back. 
Beautiful space, hopefully they do something better with the location.To be completely honest, I wish I could give this place negative stars. The service was atrocious, the waiter and his slimey build was extremely rude and passive to the party I was in. The food had good flavor and mouth feel, the light fixtures were immaculate, but the poached eggs were over cooked on ALL dishes that they came on. A disgrace to my palette! Mimosas were overpriced and barely mixed, and the food too long to come out. You can feel the bougieness of this place from you the door!This is my second time being here. First time was way better. The second time not so much. First we were not treated very warmly. Almost as if we were bothering her. She walked off not saying anything expecting tok follow us but never told us to follow. We had the gumbo (yummy) but had better, the pork belly (perfect), and the mushroom fagiatell pasta which was super spicy... kinda seemed like it was a mess up. 
We literally took 5 bites of our meal and we were asked if we wanted dessert and if we were finished anything that she could take a plate. 
I'm sorry but I do not want to be rushed through my meal. I probably won't come back....
This place needs better management.On our recent trip to NOLA we stayed at the NOPSI hotel, we dined at Public service for Saturday brunch.
The restaurant is beautiful, I adore all of the decor and design!
  The menu look fabulous, as I sat there surveying the morning options my mouth was salivating... one of everything please! Since my eyes are definitely larger than my tummy I decided on a mimosa and the boudin grits! I happily washed the perfectly prepared porky grits down with my mimosa, which was more osa than juice, perfection!
  My family ordered waffles, pancakes, grits, and extra bacon. It was everything a New Orleans brunch should be, boozey, bacony, and seasoned to absolute perfection. Hot sauce served on the side, everything  in true Louisiana fashion.
  The servers were very sweet but the service was very slow, if the continue to serve boudin grits I am happy to overlook this small offense. I will say if you do not like onions do not order the grits, they are full of em' and very hard to pick around. 
  Farrell my dear NOLA, until we meet again! I will continue to be in a boudin state of mind, laissez bon temps rouille.Horrible service. Doesn't match the atmosphere or menu prices. Plus the food is okay and not worth the hassle or poor/slow service. We were 1 or 2 tables and we had to ask our server to stop by instead of her coming to us.The service was good and our waiter was very nice, but the portions were embarrassingly small for the price. We left hungry and even had room to eat another meal. There is a reason it was empty on a Saturday night. We were charged six dollars for an ocean spray cranberry juice that didn't even come with ice. We will not be returning to Public Service anytime soon.Came by for a late dinner and were promptly seated at a table because the 4 empty booths were for reservations or so we were told. Yet they never were filled. We ordered two soups/stew and they both arrived lukewarm and had to be sent back, arriving warmer but not hot the second time. The mixed green salad was tasty with excellent ingredients but over dressed in their vinaigrette. The wedge salad was average and in the small side. The crispy Brussels sprouts were the highlight.  Service was very good however and the place is loud but very nice. Overall many better choices in town.Awesome bar and a convenient location for going out. Best Gumbo I have ever had as well. There is a cool rooftop bar in this hotel too.The service was great but the food was ok . The steak was kinda chewy , the cookie brownie was ok , but i don't think i will be coming back.Incredible food and sweet service staff!! Went back two more times and it was still THAT good. GO!!!!They need to address the issue of their consistent  slow service. The food is delicious.We love the NOPSI Hotel, where Public Service is located.  It is such a cool spot.  Can't really review the restaurant without mentioning the hotel.
The lobby is so inviting with a great bar, many TVs, great outdoor seating as well.
Now as to the restaurant we went for brunch, excellent menu and great staff and very helpful. 
We were there over two hours with friends and enjoyed everything about our experience.  As you can see from the photos we ordered many things in addition to the coffee, mimosas and cocktails.
I ordered the burger and my wife got the Po-Boy and both were delicious and makes you proud of the New Orleans culinary scene.  
Go for breakfast, brunch or lunch, or cocktails at the bar...all is beautiful at the NOPSI...
Enjoy!Great new restaurant in NOLA . Let's get straight to the food. Warm yummy cornbread to start off ,with some DELICIOUS hush puppies and chicken & Andouille gumbo.. For supper we had the Chefs special which was Prime rib with du jour and tender smashed potatoes with a side of roasted veggies, super fresh. The Cheese burger was amazing ,very juicy and tender , with a side of Crawfish Mac and cheese definitely put my husband and I in a great mood that led us only to have dessert.THE BREAD PUDDING....... enough said..soooooo good.
Our server Alex was great, he as well as the other staff members checked on us throughout our dinner. Public Service definitely is one of the top new restaurants in the city that you would want to dine at.
The decor and ambiance is gorgeous. From the details to the salt and pepper shaker to the silver ware.... This restaurant definitely a win.After being created with a smile by the bartender I saw my way to the hostess stand by the hotel entrance. Very friendly courteous employees with waters always full. Food was a nice everyday pleasing menu. Wine and drinks very enjoyable as well. Overall great experience and will be back for business lunch, happy hour or a dinner date.Great food. Even better service. We are staying in the hotel and had concerns with getting breakfast here as countless reviewers allude to late arrivals of meals. Quite the opposite for us. Service was great. Hospitality was gracious. Pancakes were absolutely delicious. Gotta be honest I'm staying in the hotel and am upset that I used one of my breakfast meals in NOLA to go to ruby slipper when I should have avoided the hype and simply gone down stairs for delicious breakfast.
We will be going back before we leave!Terrible, waited 30 minutes for appetizers and there were literally 3 tables...  crap
They apparently forgot our order, when we got it it was tiny, terrible, and 40 minutes late.  I would stay away.
If I could give no stars I would.  Worst meal we had in New Orleans...
Literally avoid this place don't go, this service is shit, the quality is shit, and lastly the taste is anything you can get anywhere else, but with better service and better taste.
An hours after eating there I am sick, puking may not be a result of the food, but I would not go backWe are local and we know food. I don't know what the other reviews are about but this is one of the best meals we have had in the city.  Loved that the chef wanted to try a new crawfish sauce on our first and it was AMAZING!!! Had a new waiter and he was SO SWEET!! We called him Patterson because he is from there - what an angel!!Went for lunch today. They did a really nice job on the renovations in the hotel and restaurant. I had their version of a Reuben. It sounded delicious from the menu description.  It was greasy and pretty bland. The fries were dry and over cooked. My friend commented that the crawfish mac & cheese reminded her of Kraft mac & cheese. Need I say more....( she loved it)
I expected better. Disappointing!I made a reservation for dinner on Thursday 5/31/18 for dinner on June 4. Got to the Resturant only to be told that they didn't find my reservation at all. They weren't able to seat us bc they have a huge party coming in. The hostess wasn't much help at all. We had to ask for a manager, who did try to accommodate us. She basically told us that if she were to seat us now we would have bad service bc of the big party. Wow! I mean if you know you have a huge party I'd think they would schedule extra wait staff so as to not give bad service to the rest of the guests there. We didn't eat here and went somewhere else. I give two stars since we were offered free drink while we wait another hour to be seated and served properly. Thanks anyway!really pretty bar, we enjoyed a cocktail here on New Year's eve day. we saw people eating but did not try the food ourselves but the food did look good. it was worth a stroll around the renovated hotel spaceEverything we ordered was cold and our waitress forgot from one minute to the next what we had asked for. Not worth the money or the frustration.Delicious breakfast and loved the biscuits with the warm preserves. The pancakes came out with warm  100% maple syrup. Shout out to Effie for the great service!I had friends that were staying at the NOPSI hotel over the weekend.  We visited the attached restaurant, Public Service, a couple times over the weekend.  The restaurant is located on Baronne St between Canal and Poydras.  Valet parking is available, and there are lots nearby.  I found the service to be attentive - they did a good job of breaking down the menu options.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is enhanced by the amazing renovation and decor.  Food options are pretty wide (see photo of menu).  I sampled Cajun poutine, crab cakes, gumbo, debris mac n cheese with short rib, watermelon salad, and shrimp & andouille croquettes.  Everything was tasty.  There is a full bar with a good selection that should have something for everyone.  Prices weren't cheap, but seemed fair for the quality of the food. Fun experience!  I'll be back!We went on Christmas Day which has a special a la carte menu and it was fantastic. Love the orange glazed pork belly, one of the best I've had!I love the CBD and while walking I came across Public Service.  Nestled amid the apartments and businesses that pepper Baronne Street, Public Service is in NOPSI Hotel.  The decor is simply beautiful with a minimalist look.  For my lunch, I decided to go with the pulled pork sandwich and public punch.  The dish was executed perfectly, and the servings were a nice size.  All products were fresh, and the service was high quality thanks to Effie J our waitress.  I had a great dining experience and for that reason would highly recommend going to the Public Service restaurant.Nice high end beautiful bar.., Terrible service.  If you want to catch/keep your good times rolling, DO NOT COME HERE.  plenty of places that want you to drink and have a good time... this isn't it.Great food, great service, great drinks! Had drinks at the bar before dinner and they were amazing. Hush puppies and blue crab dip to start, both delicious. Jumbo shrimp entree was to die for. will be back soonThe place is beautiful. They did an excellent job of renovating the building.  But just go for a drink in the lobby . We went for Saturday 6/16/18 lunch and the food was awful. Crawfish spinach dip was ok and the chocolate mousse was ok but harder than expected. My sister's oyster kale salad had no kale in it. My shrimp and bousin cheese omelette had no taste.  Overall seasoning an issue, or lack of. In addition our waitress was very polite, maybe a leftover NOPSI employee, because she couldn't remember our orders, so we had to ask for everything twice.First time visiting New Orleans and a family member suggested going to Public Service located in the Nopsi Hotel. The atmosphere was great and the staff was super nice and accommodating! I feel in love with their gumbo, rich with flavor and packing the right amount of heat. We stayed a long weekend and tried different gumbo's at various restaurant's, but no one topped Public Service. We also had the pleasure of meeting Chef Dustin; Very friendly!Always great drinks on the menu and Adrianne is the best! Always so nice and personable.Awesome menu and excellent service. Visiting from out-of-town and found it on OpenTable.
Really cool atmosphere with a semi-open kitchen. Comfortable seating. Was quiet on a Monday night; that didn't stop the service and food from being excellent.
We split the hushpuppies - easily the best variety we've had. Our entrees were decent portion wise. We left stuff and satisfied.
Would highly recommend and may stop in again when we are in town.Tolles Ambiente. Nettes Personal. Die Drinks waren lecker. Waren zur Happy Hour hier. Die Preise sind angemessen.Decor was quite nice. Navigating three different menus was ridiculous. Gumbo was so spicy hot even the native New Orleanians could not get past one spoon full. Sent three bowls back, but ended up being charged for the Gumbo. Potato side dish was too spicy to eat. Price for two pieces of rotisserie chicken was $16. Chicken was dry. Twenty percent gratuity was included, which in today's environment with poor food is just plain stealing. Chef needs to learn how to cook with severely less hot sauce. Total meal for two, $152. Not worth it at all.This used to be a great spot for lunch but the service and overall management of the restaurant has gone downhill. We waited 50 minutes for our food and the restaurant was only half full. The excuse the manager offered was the chef in the kitchen was confused. They did compensate with covering our kids food unprompted.The food quality is great and tastes amazing. I had brunch with a group of friends. We were all fat and happy from the chef's offerings. Even after the meal was done, we continued to notice other plates of food as they came from the kitchen. One of the first things we noticed which may seem insignificant is that the table was appropriately sized to accommodate all of our plates. Seems like an odd thing to notice, but so many brunch places in New Orleans tend to cram tables into their available space. Not the case here.
All was going well until about midway through service...basically the service stopped. Coffee cups stayed empty. It was hard to get service. It was even hard for us to give them our money to leave. This is not a large restaurant, and there were numerous servers, runners, etc. They will need to work on their service techniques to improve efficiency to stay in business in a city that serves brunch on nearly every block. And, most of the competition does it very well.It's a gin bar!
There's a great selection of different gins and tonics. You could do an amazing flight from that. But they also have a great selection of original gin-based cocktails. The bartenders are always friendly and knowledgeable about the gins they carry and the cocktails they serve.Some of the worst service I've ever experienced.  Bartenders are inattentive to say the least.  Bar was not busy at at all and all we saw was the backs of the bartenders.   Staying at the Nopsi hotel, which is amazing, but the customer service at this bar is some of the worst I've ever experienced.Attentive, friendly service from our sweet server Effie, and the food was fantastic. We ate here for a weekend breakfast, and it was a lovely start to our day. Lots of traditional breakfast favorites, as well as some creative options (try the brûlée grapefruit!) Easy walk even if you're staying in the French Quarter.I went to Public Service the other afternoon with a couple of my girlfriends after work. The appetizers and drinks were great! The bartender was super friendly and made some great drink recommendations. However there was a younger lady that stepped behind the bar while we were speaking with him that very rudely interrupted our conversation with him. I didn't catch her name or see a name tag(tall and skinny with brown hair). But I thought it was important to say this because it left us with a bad taste in our mouth. The bartender apologized and continued with his great service.Had breakfast here this morning and having dinner here now.  Food is amazing and the restaurant itself is very nice. Bar is cool as well.Adrianne stebbins is the best bar tender I've ever had! 10/10! The bar is so nice and the hotel is beautiful as well. I would definitely reccomend if you are in New Orleans for the weekend or any time at all.The food here was amazing, definitely giving a high rate for the crab cakes and hush puppies alone! Staff needs more or less training, they were super overbearing as if they were being watched closely by management making it uncomfortable and non genuine.Really had a great time. The staff and food went beyond my expectations and the manager Brian went out of his way to assure my wife, baby and I had a wonderful dining experience . I can't wait to go back!  Can I leave 6 stars?I really like the food at Public Service.  My boyfriend and I have been here before about 5 months ago, and we had a great meal and great service.  I'm back in New Orleans and came here because of my prior good experience.  The food was still good, but I was disappointed in the service.  Both nights I sat at the bar to eat.  The first night, it wasn't until after I got my glass of wine that I was told there was a limited bar menu because of a special event for 35 people.  The bar menu is extremely, extremely limited.  There aren't any vegetarian options on it other than chips and dip.  Aside from their burger, there wasn't a thing from the regular menu.  It probably explains why it took 45 minutes to get served, because their attention was elsewhere.  It would have been nice to be let know ahead of time before I sat down and got my drink that this was the situation, but neither the hostess or bartender said anything.  Also, when I told the bartender I was bummed they didn't have the regular menu, he went to the bar back and I could hear him whispering about me.  I decided to come back the next night (close to my hotel, I'm here alone in NO and didn't want to stray far) when I saw the bartender was different.  Thankfully, they had the full menu.  I had a terrific salad and poutine.  The bartender was quite arrogant.  I asked for a wine list twice, and he just said okay.  He didn't tell me it was on the back of the menu.  He said "people usually figure it out".  Well, it wasn't that way the night before when they had a different menu and a separate wine list.  I don't need to pay for a decent meal to feel insulted by the bartender.  So, Public Service, while your food is lovely, I won't be back until your service improves.Zac was amazing. Very helpful with suggestions of great local bars and history. He was quite a welcome to the city.It's really a 3.5 review.
What to get:
Tasso Hushpuppies (oh....my....goodness)
Brussel sprouts (order even if you don't like veggies)
Arnold Palmer (one of the best; I think it's pre-made)
The above were the highlights. I also tried the chicken wings and public burger. The chicken wings were fried perfectly, but lacked flavor. They also has a blue cheese sauce on them that I didn't realize before suggesting them. I'm not a fan of blue cheese. Nevertheless, even without the sauce, these wings were crying for plain ole seasoning like salt and pepper. The burger description sounded amazing; however, actual execution fell short of expectations. I love short ribs, but the patty needed seasoning. I requested medium, but the patty wasn't as moist and tender as I hoped it would be. Such a shame. The bun was soft like biting into a cloud. Strangely I couldn't taste the other ingredients (manchego, hickory sauce, crispy onion strings). I requested mayo and that helped a little. At $17, though, it should have been one of the best burgers I ever had. And it wasn't even close.
The hush puppies were so tender and moist and flavorful. The description read pimento cheese, but I didn't taste any. The syrup was a nice touch. You get about 5 or 6 in an order and I could eat all of'em. The brussel sprouts were off the chain. They were seasoned well with lots of bacon, a hint of hot sauce and syrup?. There was something sweet in there. Lastly, the arnold palmer was so smooth. The perfect combo of tea and lemonade. Not too much tea and not too much lemonade, but jusss right. 
It's a beautiful restaurant. Great place to take a date or for some other special event, as long as you order the right thing. Service was great also. Our server was very attentive.
The hotel lobby is also beautiful. The way they incorporated the old public service building features into the hotel is so nostalgic. See pics for more on that.It's really a shame that a beautiful Lee renovated nopsi hotel has such a horrible restaurant. The food and service are quite inferiae!
A waiter seemed absolutely out of it.She was very unknowledgeable of the food and she was extremely slow in attention.
My  Oyster Caesar salad was small enough to be a side salad. It had very tiny oysters and very little lettuce.
Another member of off party had kale salad with a quail egg and a few other things in it. The egg was obviously not from a quail unless it were the quail the size of a chicken.
I was glad to see the beautiful renovation of the hotel but the restaurant is very very poorly run and the food is terrible.
I will never go back!!!We got to New Orleans pretty early, and we couldn't check in to our airbnb yet. Did a quick search of places that were open and this place popped up. 
I rolled in with my husband 1 luggage, 1 carry on, a diaper bag, and my almost 2 year old in tow. I never felt so unwelcome in my life. At the very least we were greeted, but it felt like no one wanted us there. We even took our son outside to let him let off some steam because it had been a long early morning for him.
The  only bathroom is in the adjacent hotel. It is a really beautiful hotel. I had to ask several people which way to go, and it was like they wanted to scoff at me before answering. I finally find the bathroom, while there were 6 or 8 stalls, not one had a changing table (though I'm not docking stars for this, just figure I would mention it for my fellow travelers with babes in diapers). 
After our one drink (that was nothing to write home about) we left. So disappointed. I love New Orleans and was so sad my husband's first experience was at this place.I have visited this restaurant on several occasions and every time it is the same thing!! The times I've visited was always before a saints game as they are close to the stadium. Stop in for a drink and quick bite. But the problem is they are ALWAYS understaffed! There have been times when we had to leave without receiving food because it just took toooooo long to get any service. The bar is also not adequately staffed so getting basic drinks is slow. We visited last night and though we were one of two tables in the dining room, the bar was crowded. Our waiter seemed confused, brought the wrong beers, didn't bring condiments for our burgers (even when asked and reminded). But all is not his fault, there just wasn't enough staff. There never is and it blows my mind as it's not like they don't know there is a home game happening. Won't be back to eat. Unfortunate, as the food is good.This place served our best bites in New Orleans! We went during Mardi Gras, and service was still tip-top. As a former server, I was impressed with how much the staff helped one another, ensuring prompt, calm service. 
I had a well-balanced dirty martini first- definitely get a drink while you're here. The Caesar salad was the best I've ever had! Crisp, lemony, perfect. I also had shrimp and grits, which I don't even like normally, which were a hit as well.Our server Anah was very attentive. She often checked on us and did well by ensuring our inquiries were answered . The ambiance is very comfortable . You can either dine solo or with a group and still enjoy the offerings . Our steak and fish were cooked well and served in a timely manner.Excellent service from Effie and very good food and drinks at this place!!! Loved the ambiance and historic nature of the venue! Thank you New Orleans and NOPSI for a great stay!!Leonard made me the best drink, "The Purple Rain" at Public Service restaurant.  Not only was the drink delicious but Leonard gives the best service.  He's very personable and you leave feeling more like old friends.This place is a good hotel restaurant located in NOPSI hotel. I personally think this place is underrated on Yelp because this place is amazing!
Our server was Chrissy and she was super nice and took care of us really well. We started off with the hush puppies and they were great. The horseradish sauce blended with the hush puppies perfectly. I split a filet mignon and the Apple Pear Blue Cheese salad with one of my friends and I think we both loved it. This place is really good and you should come even if you're not staying at the NOPSI.Tried out the Sunday jazz brunch, it was excellent!  Tried their perfectly cooked Creole Omelet and the Crab Dip.  Both were delicious.  Also, they had a fun live jazz band playing.  Great ambiance and delicious food!Pretty good.  Mostly nice dishes. A few misses. Great staff! Really good atmosphere. The round booths are cozy and romantic. I recommend it. Been with my boyfriend many times. We will continue to go back. I recommend the bbq shrimp and grits and also the burger. The desserts are really tasty too.I've had great service here, and I've had terrible service here. The brunch is pretty good...crab cake Rex is like the crab cake version of a scotch egg and to die for. Great gumbo. Basic hotel type salads. Worth a stop just for that crab cake Rex!I will start by saying this was not our first visit to the Nopsi. Previous visits have been outstanding. Today's visit to the bar was not a pleasant experience to say the least. Both bartenders seemed to be annoyed and bothered to be working this evening.  We will probably give it another try because we are hoping this is not going to be the norm.  It is possible to be busy and friendly at the same time.Walked in twice , left both times . As a locali  thought I would stop in for lunch . One time there was a Pitbull with its owner and a small ' yappy ' dog in the restaurant .  Not cool ! The next time was really loud . I would like myself to think at least .  Maybe I should have gotten loaded before I went . Suppose to be elegant ? Not when you have 2 animals in the restaurant .Loved staying at the NOPSI!  Was in town for the Eagles Vs. Saints game. We decided to have breakfast before the game here. Despite our Eagles gear Natanya provided us with excellent service. She was very welcoming from the start. We didt have to wait for anything!! I order the short stack and they were delicious!!!Reggie was awesome & friendly, served me a nice bubbly Rosè.  Two days ago, also had excellent service & food!  Sometimes tho, I've noticed the bartender slow & gone for a long time w/ no one in the restaurant, won't name him.  The hostess is a sweetheart also.  
The Rotisserie Chicken Salad Slider was delish!!  Very nice roasted chunks of chicken, fresh lettuce, tomato & the perfect amount of Dijon Truffle Dressing on a soft Brioche roll.  Nice olive, cocktail onion & cherry tomato garnish.
Patatas Bravas w/ Pickled Jalapeño were absolutely beautiful.  Firm colorful little tomatoes & jalapeños w/ a nice dressing.  A must side dish! 
Lamb Stew Au Gratin was very hearty & a perfect Irish Signature Dish.  Loved it & soak up the bread mmm!
Tasso Hushpuppies comes in four.  Sweet & savory w/ sweet corn, pimento, cheddah fried w/ honey cane syrup. 
My driver told me that Public Service was where you'd pay your electric bills a long time ago.  Every where here has history & I love that you can walk to so many places.  The sidewalks suck & need help like the potholes in the roads, but the food has been delicious so worth it.
Next time will try the Crab Cake Rex which looks like a Scotch Egg wrapped in crab on top of Avocado, Roasted red pepper & corn w/ aged balsamic & hollandaise.  
BEST IN NOLA FOR: 
All three & possibly the Crab Cake Rex since about four orders go out.Still haven't tasted my food because their silverware is entirely to hard to grip....The waiter was really nice. He recommended a white wine to go with the fish that made it a gourmet meal. The hush puppies were so-so. It was a quiet night so got my food quickly.I and some family members from out of town tried this restaurant tonight. Lawrence was our server and he made the whole experience perfect from the beginning. Three of us had the Gulf Fish (drum) with creole etoufee and asparagus. The fish was fresh and cooked perfectly. Others had the braised short ribs with mac /cheese and sautéed vegetables. One member had broccolini with shrimp. 
I don't eat dairy. After one mention, it was taken care of, without a question or compromising the dishes. 
Everyone agreed that all the food was some of the best they've had for a while. We are local, eat out a lot and are pretty picky. This is now the third restaurant in town I would recommend for fresh gulf fish. There was nothing about our dinner that wasn't top of the line.The atmosphere at Public Service is awesome- the ceilings are super high; the space is very open; you can see into the kitchen; and the decor is on point. There was a good crowd for Saturday night, but it wasn't noisy (aka everyone could hear each other talking during dinner). So all of that was great.
The food was really nothing to drive home about. For our appetizers we got the hushpuppies, pommes fromage, and the black bean hummus. Before ordering the hushpuppies, my mom asked if there were any meat in them, but I think there must've been some miscommunication because the waitress said no when they did end up coming with meat. Part of that felt like our fault because we didn't know what "tasso" was, only to find out it is some type of ham. Our waitress took them off the bill though, which was really nice of her. Because I didn't know there was ham in them, I ended up eating one, and it was really good. It was sweet and salty, not greasy, perfectly hot, and overall great. To be honest, I was tempted to eat another one even after I found out that they had meat. Next was the pommes fromage, which were okay. They were very large potato wedges covered in a creamy cheese sauce, and I think I'm just not a big enough potato person to have loved them. No one else in my family seemed wowed. The black been hummus was nothing exciting. It really had no flavor other than the bit of green sauce in the middle, but even that didn't have the best taste. I would advise to skip the hummus.
My mom and I also got salads- the Kale & Cukes and the Public Service Salad. The kale salad was pretty bland, so we didn't really end up eating it. Mine was very flavorful and I enjoyed it. The best part was that the salads were huge! You definitely get your money's worth. 
For my entree, I got the Jaxon Mushroom Tagliatelle, as did my mom. It was good, but the brussels sprouts in the dish weren't cooked all that well, and I felt like the dish really only had one-note. It was creamy and smokey, and after a few bites you kind of wanted something else. The pasta was also a bit rubbery, which I noticed another Yelper had commented on. My boyfriend got the Crab Gnocchi and his comments were, "I think it was alright. I probably wouldn't order it again," and he said it was kind of bland. My dad got the burger, and he likes all of his food always so he really didn't have a strong opinion on it. 
We ended up skipping dessert here because we weren't really feeling anything on the menu. I love getting decaf cappuccinos at restaurants, but unfortunately they didn't have decaf espresso. I ended up getting just regular, decaf drip coffee, and it was subpar. 
I think if I ever want back to Public Service, it would be for the atmosphere and not for the food.