We stumbled in here our first night to grab some waters and snacks. Found out they have a deli with a large menu that delivers 24/7. We utilized this a few times as we become increasingly lazy during our trip. Good food and cheap prices. Cash only but they do have an ATM inside so isn't a huge deal. Glad we found it and would recommend to anyone.this is one of my go to delivery spots while at work in the quarter. they'll bring you basically anything, anytime. I love the grilled chicken sandwich with bacon and honey mustard! 
they do mostly po boys, sandwiches, and sides. similar to Verti mart but a little bit cheaper. they also sell booze and basic essentials and they deliver all of it!! I would say be ready if you call in - the woman who takes orders is...efficient. lol she can be curt but as long as you know what you want it's fine. 
a lot of people complain about the decor or lack thereof, but I never actually go in there so it doesn't matter to me!This is a neighborhood deli/grocery in the french quarter also known as the "Nelli Deli".  They offer 24-7 service with delivery.  Their prices are very reasonable.  You can get burgers with a variety of toppings for around $6, poboys for $7 (stay away from the RB but the others are OK) and liberally-sized lunch entrees with sides any time for about $7.  They also have a breakfast and late night selection for those times of day.  
I've ordered delivery from them several times, and they've consistently brought my food to me within 40 minutes.  They also take care with the packaging - if there's gravy in your entree they put wax paper between it and your bread so your bread won't get soggy, and wrap the entire container in saranwrap so nothing spills.  This sort of attention to detail is a good way to ensure my repeat business.
Though their poboys aren't as good as the ones from Verti Mart they deliver much faster and offer more consistent service.  In fact, they've been so good to me on my lazy hangover days that I decided to upload their menu :)Love this place for a quick bite.  I've had the Chicken Salad sandwich and it is delicious and almost a meal for two.   And I also love to order their BLT and get them to add a fried egg on it.Great little place on bourbon to grab a bite. A changing selection of specials. A local spot for sure!So you are drunk in the french quarter or marigny, you have arrived where you intend to pass out but a lass you are still too drunk and hungry to pass out. You require sustenance but its really late at night. What shall you do? Call the quartermaster. Cheap delicious po boys delivered to you via bicycle so that your drunkazz can chow down.Food. Was. Dank. I've been here on two occasions. The first, some time at night while slightly buzzed, and the second time, completely sober in the middle of the afternoon. I had a great experience on both occasions. I'm not really sure what people are expecting. It's a deli. Do you want them to chew up the food and feed it to you, baby-bird style? Do you want them to hold your hand and wipe your ass too? So they're not oozing charisma and friendliness. So what? I didn't encounter any surliness or rudeness of any sort, even when I went after midnight and waited for my sandwich in a sea of drunk-o's. And even if you're oh so sad because they didn't smile at you, the food makes up for it. It's deli food. I'm not sure if everyone understands that when they enter this place. I also don't get why you'd penalize a business for being cash only. How is it the business's fault that you don't have any cash on you? Stop being snobby, y'all. Can't wait to go back.Just letting everyone know, the mean lady who worked as the cashier during the day with the baseball cap no longer works there !! The store is changing for the better  !! Hope people start going backWhat's to complain about? They never close and neither does their kitchen. The food is good and ready fast and nothing seems overpriced. They manage to cram a surprising amount of offerings in a small space. You need liquor, cat-food, and a po-boy at 5am? They've got you covered.I gave it an extra star because everyone here is so nice. From the guy in the back at the grill to the lady at the counter. I have had the cheeseburger and it was excellent. Nice to be able to pick up an Abita and chips as well from their little market they got going on.  On New Years Day I called at 7 am and ordered an omelet, and it was ready for me to pick up 10 minutes later. I had the Philly Cheese omelet for $5.50. It was great, roast beef, peppers,onions and cheese. A nice start to my low carb diet. They have delivery and are open 24/7.5 Stars for the excellent late night staff.  Doug (guy with du-rag) was very helpful in assisting me with a proper cookie selection. Doug consistently maintains high inventory levels of all Pepperidge Farm products. Doug is no amateur when it comes to late night snacking. I appreciate the assistance and look forward to seeing you soon.I spend a lot of time at in the French Quarter. Yes, the store is old and dirty. For about a year I would only go in there when absolutely necessary, to grab a bottle of water or wine or something. Then I was in bed recovering from a terrible cold, and a friend brought me a turkey sandwich. It was to die for! I almost did die for real, however, when my friend told me where he bought it. But, I was hooked. So I went in and took a good look and realized the food prep area is not dirty at all. (You can see it over the counter.) And I watched closely. They adhere to all food safety handling procedures. I have eaten from here (usually delivery which miraculously seems to arrive by bike messenger as you are still disconnecting the phone) dozens of times now and it has never disappointed. The food is simply awesome- although my fave is still a cold turkey on poor boy roll. As for the multiple comments about the employees being surly or rude - this a a a"locals" spot catering to its neighborhood. It happens to be plopped o the edge of one of the largest tourist attractions in the US, but its bread and butter (or perhaps mayonaise) is locals. Go in at lunch time and you will find crowds of construction workers from all of the French Quarter renovation projects, in the a.m. local seniors walking dogs picking up breakfast, etc. The employees here definitely do not go out of their way to make small talk with tourists. They are guarded and having seen all manner of ridiculousness, are justified (by my own observations) of expecting the worst. if you are pleasant, they are beyond nice in return. If you go in drunk or overly loud or in a huge rush - well, don't expect an overabundance of tolerance. But you will still get an overabundance of whatever you order - CHEAP!Run, don't walk .....to get the best deal on food in the French Quarter! My favorites are the BLT sandwich, Friday Seafood Special with fried shrimp, catfish and Jumbalaya, Grilled chicken Salad, and Blackberry Cobbler. The folks are nice and fast! Breakfast is incredible, Big Ol' fluffy homemade biscuits with sausage gravy, pan fried sausage, and eggs any way you want them. And a great Shrimp Po-Boy.
And home delivery if you're in the neighborhood.A certain bartender ordered some food for us after she closed down Johnny White's. How was I to know that I was about to eat the best DOUBLE-BACON-MUSHROOM-CHEESEBURGER I've ever had? Oh yeah and the CHILI CHEESE FRIES ain't too shabby either...Did I mention that they delivered the food to us? Wow... Try getting that kind of service in NorCal...Wow this place is a dump, but a dump that serves food at all hours. When you walk in and go to the back, make sure you avoid the shifty linolium floor tiles and narrow passageways lined with shelves which many a drunk has probably knocked over. When you order food, the guys at the counter are quite rude, but hey I would be too at 3am after dealing with the number of drunks that run through this place between midnight and whatever hour they close.
One night after imbibing a few drinks in the quarter a friend of mine and I decided to stop in here for some much needed food. I ordered the quartermaster club and my friend ordered a chicken fried steak. We engaged in some interesting discussions with the very diverse crowd and sort unintentionally held up the guy taking orders, which made him a little ruder to us than he was to those before and after us.
When our food was ready we took it to the front to pay and for some reason the staff threw some guy out of the store while we were paying for our food. We took our food outside and began eating on the steps to someone's house across the street.
My sandwich was just ok as far as 3 am sandwiches go, the biggest complaint I had was that it was essentially swimming in mayonnaise. My friend however had the worst chicken fried steak I have ever seen on the face of the earth. After taking the first bite he proclaimed in a drunken stupor "this is aweful... it tastes like brown" upon examining what was between the bread "and black!"... In the end he tried but couldn't muster the fortitude to eat more than another bite of his sandwich.
I would like to think better of this place, but that is hard when you take into account how poor my friend's sandwich was. I would especially like to hope the cooks didn't mess up his food because he was holding up the line.FRENCH FRY PO BOY!  
Got a giant carb bomb of a sandwich here for cheap, ate it outside and watched wasted idiots go by.  A+ dining experience.The Quarter Master/Nelly Deli is located at the corner of Bourbon & Ursulines and is a fav spot to grab some grub to-go. There is no seating as it is all made to-go. They deliver to your hotel and I believe this is the best method to get their fab food! Just call and place your order and it will be deliver to you on bicycle. 
I have personally enjoyed the cheeseburger and highly recommend the burger cooked medium. They have all the fresh veggies to top it off. The order of fries sold separately are large enough to share! I also recommend the Philly cheese steak sub! Whoa it's big and juicy and Delish! All the drinks are can or bottle not fountain. I would also recommend their spaghetti & meatballs!
Don't forget to tip the griller or if delivered, tip the deliverer. You will really like this comfort food!I hope you have an appetite...  because there are NO SMALL portions at this place.   homecookin, delivery, open 24 hours, grocery, deli, drinks, and WOW....   delivery is nice, but just like verti mart, the nellie deli is great to walk into, because you can see these HUGE portions...   really great food!
on nights when driving home, this is one place in the quarter that I'm willing to stop at, get it to go, and go home and eat like a pig!  YUMMMY!If you're searching for genuine po boys this is the place. Theirs are literally the best in the city, despite the hype other places that are geared more towards tourists receive. Their prices are extremely fair as you get a lot of food for your money; for around $10 two people can share one po boy and both be stuffed.Walked in. Went to the back counter to order food. Wasn't greeted but rather accosted by the extremely rude employee. Saw 3 mutant sized roaches scurry and scamper away on the top of the glass counter top. Realized that this place was cash only. Quickly left. 
While my friend and I graced the presence of the Quartermaster Store for less than a minute, it was enough for us to realize that we would never walk in and spend any time there ever again. 
This place is filthy and is infested with roaches. I mean c'mon. If there are roaches running on the countertop where one orders, I don't even want to know if the food is good, let alone sanitary. And to top it off, the workers are just plain jerks. 
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. If NOLA had an infected pimple, Quartermaster Store would be it. 
Quartermaster Store is the epitome of suckiness. DON'T GO! (Well, unless you want a mufaletta with a side of roach.)The redeeming features of this place include location, and proximity to drunk people who need food, relatively fast and cheap.
If you read through the other reviews, they capture the good, the bad, and the ugly.
I live in the neighborhood, so do actually order items here once in a while. The "Philly Cheese Steak" is probably their most famous item, and it's not so bad, especially considering it's so nearby. The sandwich comes fully dressed, and is stocked with grilled peppers and onions. 
The staff is consistently bizarre. Sometimes brazenly rude, sometimes removed from reality, sometimes pleasant as if on Soma from Huxley's "Brave New World." Most recent experience included the grill cook who admitted he had been on the job three days, had no experience cooking whatsoever, and that tonight was his first night "solo." 
After getting the sandwich, I waited about five minutes at the cash register while the lady behind the counter berated at high volume a customer on the phone for attempting to place a take-out order. After slamming down the phone and listening to her various life issues, I finally was allowed to shovel a ten dollar bill across the counter to pay for my sandwich. 
Hey, it is what it is. Mediocre, cheap food, sort of fast, in a location where drunk people need it. Accept it for what it is or move on.Cheeseburgers are to die for! Great place to stop by for a quick meal if you've been drinking on bourbon!Hit this place up on the way back from Frenchmans street and woah -- the pastrami was to die for. killer late-night counter grill in the back of this small corner shop.This is definitely one of those places you'd be scared to eat at if you hadn't read about it on Yelp first.  Haven't had anything but a half corned beef/half pastrami on French, and I don't think I'll need to.  Order in back, pay in the front when you get your food and maybe grab a bottle of wine and toothpaste on the way (because you're only interesting when you're drunk and your words smell of halitosis).Great food.  Love their turkey burgers and chicken and dumplings special on Saturday nights.  Most of the staff is very nice, except for the older, snobby, rude blonde woman who works in the afternoons.  Her horrible attitude and lack of customer service make me not even go in there when she's working.  Matassa's gets my business instead on those occasions.  No one to complain about her to, since the "owner" is never around.  Too bad because everyone else is great, especially the woman with the curly, dark hair who works at night.Quartermaster AKA Nellie Deli is my favorite spot to stumble into after a night in the quarter.  Its a cool little convenience store on the quiet end of Bourbon Street and has surprisingly good food in the back (it reminds me a lot of Verti Marte in that respect).  They're fast and won't put up with your shit if you're not ready to order haha.  My favorite item on their menu is the Reuben which has been the best I've tasted in New Orleans so far, but this time around I went with the chicken fried steak on french bread.  The sandwich comes dressed along with country gravy and I added provolone to it.  Its odd because you wouldn't think all these ingredients work well with each other, but they do.  I always recommend this place when it comes up and so I will do the same with you anonymous reader, check this place out!  It will renew your faith in New Orleans after you're friends from out of town drag you to Bourbon for the 5 millionth time to get shit-faced.Amazing! The owner/chef made me an outta this world salad for $5.50! He was both polite and professional; and open 24/7!!!!!!!
The cahsier, not so polite.I try to support immigrant-owned businesses as much as possible. This is an immigrant family from Mexico and they go the extra mile to make sure their food is fresh and the servings are large. I have never had a bad experience there and applaud them for making a success of it. Keep up the good work!It's not nasty, it's old!
Stopped in several times & never saw one bug.
The staff are as nice to you as you are to them.
Portions are huge!
Free, fast delivery.
Give them a try.I did some research before I came to N.O. for a five-night visit, and stumbled upon reviews of Nellie Deli. Some think it's the cat's meow, others think it worse than going to the Tower of London to get beheaded. I had to experience it for myself! Yesterday I went and had the special of the day, which was shrimp creole. Believe me when I tell you it was delicious. I went right outside and wolfed it down on the top of a plastic trash bin (since signs say you can't eat on steps). It came with two slices of fresh, buttered bread, and one side; I chose macaroni salad, which was the best I've ever eaten. I was so impressed that I went back again today for lunch. This time I got the bacon cheeseburger, and I can honestly say it was the best cheeseburger I have ever had in my entire life. This place is the best. I don't know why some people think the people who work here are rude; they were perfectly pleasant to me. I've already recommended this place to a friend who'll be visiting N.O. later this month.Its 2am and you just can't eat another piece of seafood, or beingets or true New Orleans cuisine. 
What do you do?
Ask the front desk clerk who delivers?
He recommends this place or a pizza joint.
Since I'd passed out around 7pm and was the only person in my family up and ready to travel those New Orleans streets, I hopped in the rental, and turned on the GPS and went looking for this place.
The online menu made the wings sound like something special, so that's what I went in search for.
Its ALLLLLLLLLLLL the way on the end of Bourbon street, where there is not another soul walking, singing, dancing or drinking at 2 in the morning.
When I walked in, my first thought was,  what the hell??  There is stuff everywhere.  
The lady running the cash register pointed me to a sign that said it's cash only and to place my order at the back counter.
The guy that was cooking the food was talking to another guy, about basically, how he's helped out one of their friends for the last time, and was not allowing himself to feel any sympathy for said friend latest run of bad luck and it's nothing the other guy can say that's going to change his mind.
He then asked me what I wanted to order.  I place my order for wings and salad.  He never inquired how many wings I wanted, so maybe they only sell one portion size.
Within a few mins, I had my food and a couple other people had come in to place an order.
Overall, the wings weren't anything special, but they hit the spot, when you just cant take another bite of true New Orleans seafood, and the salad was basically some lettuce and three cherry tomatoes upon which he gave me a pack of Kraft blue cheese dressing.  That dressing itself earns them 1 star since that is my preferred salad dressing and for it to be in a carry out size packet....made this late night run a little more impressive.
I paid cash, and explained to the cashier, how I just really wanted something different to eat, and she recommended a place to me that she'd ate at once before, that was real southern cooking, when I asked her the name or location, she gave it to me, but admitted that she wasn't sure, since it'd been years since she'd been there.I cannot tell you a time that I have stayed in the Quarter and not got a Po Boy here.  We often stock the house with coffee, milk, gator aid, water and munchies with a stop here. Hot sandwiches and grilled cheese are great after drinking food.I've ordered from here a few times now and I'm always pleased with my meals, prices and prompt delivery. Be prepared to be patient with the lady that takes the orders over the phone... just talk slowly and let the experience makes you smile! Recently had the Reuben and it nourished my soul. Perfectly grilled bread, great consistency on the sauce (I like it saucy) and delicious corned beef. The cucumber salad was pretty basic but got the job done. Breakfast omelets are big and a great deal!What a great corner store! They had pretty much all of the staples one would want when away from big markets. The service was really friendly, too, and, while I didn't have anything from their deli, several people were raving about the food and delivery service.You can count on Quartermaster to be there for your drunken, late endeavors when you want something pretty unusual for that hour of the night. Things like a chicken-fried steak poboy dressed, with bacon and sunny-side up eggs. You heard me. Be sure to call ahead, because there will be a wait.  I've been coming here since 07' and like i said, when you're inebriated, this place is awesome. Don't expect the same tho if you go in there third-grade-sober.
The food, in actuality, is just 'ok'. I've gone and tried for myself a time or two over the years, but ya gotta love a place that's open 24 hours and has a kitchen open. It's certainly not the cleanest place, but not exactly dirty to the point that i've refused to eat from there. It's just enough funk!
The food here isn't over when it's gone tho.  Upon awakening from the food coma it's certain to put you in, you might want to have a good article queued up to read while you 'wait'.
Decent spot, don't count it out if it's hella late and you're hungry.hours are 24/7, it's good food, for cheap, in the French Quarter.  What else can you say?  Great stuffed pototaoes($2.50) po boys, dinners.  And they sell beer.Boo. This place was terrible. The only reason anybody likes it is because they were too drunk to remember it. Go elsewhere to satisfy your French Quarter Munchies.We learned about this place too long after living in the Quarter, but we got some good greasy grub before we left. Have you seen my photo of the BLT? That thing is massive! My husband always gets the reuben and it puts him in a good mood which is great since it's a 24 hour facility. I agree with Jessica R. There are far too few 24 hour eateries in the Quarter.this place was amazing!  Located at the 'dead' end of Bourbon st.  This was the spot for the locals.  Two guys working behind the counter who have definitely mastered their menu.  I mean they had ribs, bbq brisket and all types of sandwiches.  Great last place to visit before heading back to the hotel at 5am.  Yes..New Orleans may have 24 hour drinking...which blows away NYC...but NYC has 24 hour deli's, pizza, etc...
This was a great place (from what the locals told me) to buy something to eat at a cheap price in the french quarter.It amazes me that this place stays in business. The staff here are beyond rude, and this isn't a gimmick. As a local, I have stopped in a couple times, usually while taking out of town friends down to the French Quarter to show them around. The service in there is a joke, a bad joke. They look at you like you're a piece of trash, and be very careful if you ask any specific questions, and God save you if you have a complaint. 
The food is actually good, which is the sad part of it all. If they had even the slightest ounce of customer service skills, this place could easily be four or five stars. 
And I know what you're thinking,
"These folks are used to dealing with drunk idiot tourists and gutter punks, so that's why they are rude."
Well, I am not a drunk tourist or a gutter punk, and they acted like complete asses when I went in. My friend ordered 4 hamburgers, which anyone with common sense would know is good money coming into your business. So, instead of a thank you, or even just the total, the moron behind the counter felt is was his duty to announce,
"This isn't f*cking McDonalds you know?"
I was just left standing there thinking....Why? Why the hell would you say something like that? And he didn't say it in a sarcastic way either. 
Over all, this place survives because of its location and the fact that it sells liquor and food late at night. I suppose tourists are too sheepish to stand up for themselves, and us locals just know better than to do business with them.This place was our highlight while staying in New Orleans.  We went here a couple of times and got delivery once.  The delivery is free but you do need to tip the driver.  The food here was the best that we had while in New Orleans.  The kitchen itself is kind of scare but you need to just ignore that as the food is awesome.  We had a variety of things to eat here and everything was delicious.  We can't recommend one certain thing as it was all equally delicious.  We would highly recommend anyone visiting New Orleans to stop by this deli as it was great.The younger girl very cool and helpful. The older blonde lady is def. over it and it shows. The food was really really good and I could die if we had something that good and comforting here!The food is amazing, and in my opinion, worth some of the abuse you get from the staff, with exception to the young men back in the kitchen...they are pleasant. I make it a point to come here everytime I visit this wonderful city. As someone who has been coming here for the last 12 years, the sass you get from the counter was just cuter when it came from a drawing on the menu board. Cook may be a bitter bitch, but she knows what she is doing!Super service 
Super food .... They give samples & taste 
A very great kitchen staff !!
Reasonable prices, great variety!!
And the store is reasonable too !!!Yeah. What a dive. The store itself is just nasty dirty. And then you walk to the end where two dudes are making food, and it just smells like heaven. Greasy heaven. 
Chicken fried steak po-boy with white gravy. Throw some provolone on that shiz. Best $6.75 you'll spend in NOLA, no doubt. I have to go back and try all that other stuff offered. 
If I lived in New Orleans, I would gain probably 50 lb in one month from going to places like this regularly.Food is fine. The people who talk to you on the phone are probably the worst humans ever. Just horrendously rude.It's true. The food is good the service is terrible. I just called to order delivery. She said, "Please hold" and put the phone down. I listened as she rang up two customers then started chatting with her co-workers, something about her disability check. On and on I listened for about ten minutes as she had clearly forgotten that anyone was on hold. I hung up and called Verdi Mart. Save yourself the time. Go to Verdi Mart first.I saw the deli with some good looking BBQ chicken, but I couldn't believe when I went to Yelp and saw they have Reuben's and BLTs!  Scrambled Eggs???  Little bodega type place with some cold cases and a little of everything.  With floor space at a premium, I am surprised they had junk piled by the front door.  They could have a couple of little tables.  Lady at the register okay, I wasn't looking for a friend.I've been meaning to write a review about this place for a long, long time.  When I go to New Orleans, I only have a few requirements - an Irish coffee at Molly's at the Market, a drink or five at The Avenue Pub, brunch at Bayou Barbecue, and at least one po-boy from Quartermaster.  It's not a place for the faint of heart - the staff is surly, the environs look to have not been fully scrubbed in at least 20 years or so, and if you have dietary restrictions, just smelling the miasma of frying foods is enough to give you palpitations.  But hell, it's New Orleans, so you should damn well be used to all of these things.  
I promise you this, though - you will not get another po-boy so delicious at any other place in the city, so that probably means you won't find one anywhere else in the world.  From the fresh, flaky and chewy French bread, to the crunch of the lettuce and every bite of fillings in between, you will be in heaven.  Just don't make my mistake and think you need to start in on a second one right away, OK?  Take it from a pro - just go again tomorrow.Got delivery. Food was good. Woman on the phone was polite. Delivery guy was quick and polite.  Not bad for a 7am order on New Years Day.Our plane touched down at 10pm and we went straight to verti Marte for an oyster and shrimp poboy fix.  Walked in and the man behind the counter dashed our hopes and dreams with one draw of his breath, " we closed the grill 10 seconds ago".  With our hearts in our feet we wandered 2 blocks away to stumble upon quatermasters store.  Again our dreams were crushed when the man behind the counter said they were done serving seafood poboys for the night.  Our consilation prize came in the form of a chicken fried steak poboy.  The night was saved and I could go on exploring the streets of new Orleans with a happy tummy and a smile on my face.Thank you, Quartermaster! Your food is tasty, your service is always kind. Can you please buy Verti Marte?Otherwise known as the Nellie deli, this place is determined to keep New Orleans fat and happy.  Every single person order is pretty much enough for 2, if not 3 people.BLT is definitely legit!!! The cook tried to be moody but we had some good fun with him and everything was awesome! We will definitely be back!Food is good but the SERVICE is TERRIBLE. When I was told that you can not pay with card for delivery I apologized for not knowing  the woman taking my order cursed at me. Bitching is not the way to get customers to return. How was I supposed to know that cards weren't accepted? This is Sunday, July 12, 2015This is the best restaurant in NOLA. Get yourself some meatloaf and mashed potatoes. A side of green beans - because they are effing delicious, and a big beer. Best supper ever. We always make it a point to eat here as much as we can when we come visit. Also, the burgers are fuggin legit. good folk work here.If you decide to wait in line long enough, and follow all of the ridiculous arbitrary rules to a T, and don't get grossed out by the rough-around-the-edges (to put it politely) look of the place, you might actually get some food, and if you are so lucky, you'll probably enjoy it.  The food is actually good, which is why I gave this place two stars instead of one.  The reason I gave this place ONLY two stars though, is because from my experience here, the people that run this place (the ones I encountered anyway) are absolute pieces of shit.  Sorry, but they are.  Look, I'm from Chicago.  I have a thick skin.  Blunt people that want things a certain way don't bother me.  In fact, I respect people like that to a certain extent.  And listen, I get it.  The restaurant industry can be a bitch in general, but I'm sure that, given their location, they've got to deal with some exceptionally obnoxious, real code red Grade A douche bags at this place from time to time, and I'm sure it gets stressful and whatnot.  But when you threaten to kick me out of your shop for "talking in line" like I was waiting for entrance into some prison camp, when all I'm trying to do is purchase a damn sandwich, then you can go fuck yourself.  And yes, that actually happened, and no, I wasn't drunk at the time; just trying to be friendly with the local in line behind me. 
So in conclusion, the food is pretty decent here, especially when it's late at night, but at the same time, you're in New Orleans.  You can find decent food in the gutter.  So save yourself the trouble, and find food somewhere else.  Trust me.  The rats in this place are treated with more respect than the customers.Hard to believe, but this place has the best burger in all of New Orleans.  Make sure you get Jerry to make it, and make sure you ask him about his burger philosophy.  Bitter and salty tastes on bottom, below the meat, sweet and tangy tastes on top -- the order in which each ingredient hits your tongue is orchestrated in painstaking detail to maximize the joy of eating.  After all that, make sure you pay with exact change, so the horrifically unpleasant woman at the register doesn't try to shortchange you like she did to me the past 3 times I've been in there.I give this place 2 stars only because I've been coming here for almost ten years now. The food is great but the customer service is complete shit. 3 out of every 5 times I call to place an order for delivery I either get yelled at or hung up on for absolutely no reason. I just called to order delivery and lady said no delivery's right now and before I could even get out of my mouth that's fine I'll pick it up I got hung up on. So I call back and tell her I'll pick up my order and she yells at me and says no pick up orders right now either and hangs up on me again. Completely constant unwarranted rudeness from this place. The cooks are sweet and amazing but the cashiers are trash.This place is one of the French Quarter's greasy spoon grills.  The grill is in the back of a rather grimy convenience store that sells cigarettes and some groceries.  The burger is quite good, but I prefer Verti Marte for sandwiches because VM seems a bit -a bit- cleaner.It was ok for my first time there. As I was driving I was looking for a restaurant but I was the sign for a small store on the corner. As I walked inside I felt I didn't want to eat there. Maybe they need to make the place a little bigger or a little cleaner. The guy with the dreads who took my order didn't write not a single thing down. I was worried my order was going to be wrong. Fooled me! He made my order right. Big ups to him! If your in the area then stop by. It was a lot of things to choose from on the menu. I give it 3 stars bc I wish it was just a tad bit cleaner, and neat inside. Thanks for the good food!3.25/5 that egg breakfast sandwich
there's an hour (4am) that sometimes happens, and i'm hungry and need some substantial food. and because the sun will rise soon, i feel it's too late for a poboy at verti marte, so i come here. the egg and sausage and/or bacon sandwich is actually a full sized sandwich on some kinda french with cheese. like that is a legit meal that you would get at a cafe (where you'd have paid more for less). it's cash only, and sometimes i'm not too keen on the other customers (it's again, that magical 4am hour), but in about 10 minutes i am walking back to my car with a warm sandwich and a smile for less than $6Why not order some awesome grub while you're selecting your beer and hangover remedies?  What would we do w/o the QM?  Really, we stay within a few block of this store every time we visit NOLA just to be near it - it's so convenient and DELICIOUS!French bread nazis, with a side of "jerked" attitude.  This place is overrated, and they act like some fancy bar in a big city, plagued with pretense.  
Two bad experiences, two nights in a row.  Nice work, quartermaster.
The first night, there was no line.  I sat there for 5 minutes while the cook ignored me and tended to call in orders.  I'm hard to ignore, I'm a super tall guy, and he and his 1st mate saw me.  A we'll be with you in a few minutes, grab a drink, would've sufficed.
Cook dude finally paid attention to me, when a girl came in off the street to pick up a take out order, and he said "stand over there", as I was accidentally in the way of the salt and pepper.  I promptly told him I'd already handed it to her, as she asked.
He then exerted his authority, and tapped his inner soup nazi, by saying, well wait and see how long it takes me to take your order then.  Good luck.  So I bailed and went to Verdi Mart or whatever it's called.
As a dedicated yelper, I said hey everybody on here can't be wrong.  I went back again the next night, and made it past the Sandwich Nazi unscathed.   However, his galley pirate wench caught me at the cash register.
My unremarkable sandy was listed at $3.25 for a ham, egg, and cheese.  When I got to the register, the lady said $4.75.  I questioned it, and said the sign says $3.25, and it was as if I'd touched the "booty" without asking.  The junky looking lady at the register raised hell.  As there were a few people behind me, I just said ok ok, as long as you'll shut up.  
The sandwich sucked, btw.  Definitely go a few blocks up to Verdi Mart or whatever it's called.  It is much much better food, and no attitude.Along with Verti Mart this is the best sandwich shop in the quarter. If you want exotic go to Verti Mart but if you want a great burger, Reuben sandwich, breakfast foods, etc this is the place. Their specials are lacking especially the sides but get the Lasagna on Thursday which is better than Verti Mart and if they ever have the cabbage, get that because it is to die for. The stuffed potatoes are great a a side if you are cooking steaks at home. It's a little funky in here and you may see a cockroach or too but the what I recommend is still worth it.I live around the corner from Treme coffee house, just behind the park. I am closer to Quarter Master than most hotels in the French Quarter yet, they refuse to deliver here. Are they paying attention to the development within their own community? Do they realize who lives in Treme? What is the real issue?Place is like if your grandmother was authentic creole in culture, but also on MDMA all the time and ready to cook a mean brisket at 3am. Phenomenal. A must stop on bourbon. You'll feel better in the morning for these eats.Woot woot! I good standby, probably more frequented by locals than the Verti Marte a block or two away, a sight more reasonable, friendly, if somewhat grungier. Late nite food, good breakfast food, meal plates for those who don't want to (or can't cook).First the lady that answer the phone was rude. second I ordered a chicken supreme salad which when I use to order all the time had been chopped up chicken with shredded cheese, but this time it was just a whole piece of grill chicken breast just over lettuce and there was no cheese at all. I also order a a cheese burger well done and the center was still raw. I  use to love quartermaster, but now I'm really disappointed and hope this will help them be good again.When you are craving an amazing burger... come here. It seems sketch since it's in the back of a corner store.. but trust that the food is.. on point. To be fair, I've only had the burger, but it's soo good. Great after a night or day, let's be honest, of drinking. You won't regret itI've been here a few times and the servings are large and it's rich, decent southern food (they have other stuff, too) which is just what you want sometimes.  I am leaving 1 star because I just called for delivery for the first time and the delivery person didn't want to deliver to my house 8 blocks away and the woman on the phone was rude about it.  What's frustrating is that it's a safe street with families and nice neighbors but because of their ignorance (I had to spell the street name for them) to the area they supposedly serve, they just said no.  Other reviews have mentioned their attitude and I have seen a woman disrespect a customer on the phone as well.  There are friendlier and cleaner options that deliver close by.DON'T LOOK DOWN at the floors or too closely at the kitchen, it's scary! There are often critters darting around and golf ball sized clumps of "floor fur" around the counter. 
THE BEST CHEESEBURGER IN THE QUARTER! It's large, greasy and oozing with flavors.  Because of its heft I prefer to get the delicious potato salad and not the fries as a side.  So how much do I love this cheeseburger?  Last year I chose it as my "last meal" before my pre-colonoscopy 36 hour fast!  
CLASSIC DELI CASE COUNTER SERVICE but what sets Nellie Deli apart is the large and wide variety on hand.  Service is often gruff, especially from one lunchtime counter-woman who pretty much dares you not to order properly (why is it that everywhere else in New Orleans you get your sandwich "dressed" but here it's "all the way"?)  Very reasonable prices too!  My "last meal" cost $8.25 and I was able to save half for a post-procedure reward.  
CASH ONLY!All new Quartermaster with new owners and updated menu. The Nellie Deli was purchased by the owners of Lafite's up the street. The interior has been completely redone and updated. I ordered one of my standards, the club sandwich and it came perfect and dirt cheap as always. Gone is the cold food counter and the burger has almost doubled in price but for the most part its the same old Quartermaster. Best thing about new owners is that they now accept credit cards. I will be back soon for the reuben which was also one of the best in the city.This place has been here for years. I had stop several times and always get the same bad attitude from the staff. I won't be going back since the last $11 muffuletta sandwich I bought was disgusting.I went there right before Katrina for Mardi Gras and stopped in for dinner.  I got the turkey burger and declared it the best turkey burger I'd ever had in my entire life.
What made it different for me was that it didn't have that gamy flavor that all the other turkey burger's I've had elsewhere did.
-1 because I went back the next day to get another one, but the guy behind the counter said they'd run out and weren't expecting another shipment until after Mardi Gras.  Mardi Gras occurs annually.  Should've been prepared and stocked up, I say.Was very nice to the woman working there and she couldn't have been more rude!! Saturday August 13th.  She was the worst!! I'm a local and will never patronize this place again!! Way to ruin a great afternoon! If you're that miserable at your job then quit!! 0 stars would be more like it!!Lots of selections but look at the space.... The place was recommended for late night food delivery. As a matter of principle, I do not blindly order for home delivery unless I have seen the place in person. Rightly so, I did in this case too and so glad I did.
It is literally a store and feels more like storage space as soon as you enter. Not to be rude but they have managed to use every square inch of the interior to stack as much stuff as one possibly can. Some consideration for health / hygiene etc?? Let's not go there for real. The worst part - the smell. It is tough for me to equate the smell of sewage (which i totally understand is quintessential French Quarter) - with the inside of the store. A big no no. I went in a couple of times during my stay to ascertain that it was probably the smell from outside of the store that I was thinking is coming from the inside too. Negative. It was the inside. Now how can one get edible, cooked food from a place like that? That would definitely not be me. To the rest of the world - Good Bye and Good Luck!Along with Verti Mart this is the best sandwich shop in the quarter. If you want exotic go to Verti Mart but if you want a great burger, Reuben sandwich, breakfast foods, etc this is the place. Their specials are lacking especially the sides but get the Lasagna on Thursday which is better than Verti Mart and if they ever have the cabbage, get that because it is to die for. The stuffed potatoes are great a a side if you are cooking steaks at home. It's a little funky in here and you may see a cockroach or two but what I recommend is still worth it.Food was good, but the people that work there are 1 star human beings. The trashy girl with pink hair and tattoos delivered our food and told my husband he was stupid for his pronunciation of "Burgundy" street..... My husband is a doctor at one of the most prestigious hospitals in the country.  Needless to say, there's a reason you deliver food for a living trashy pink hair girl.The Quartermaster was recommended to my travel mate by a local friend. At first glance I thought, "Really? It's a corner store!" Don't let the unassuming look of the place fool you. Those guys in the back throw DOWN in the kitchen! I had spicy crawfish pie there that I still dream about 3 years later. Scratch made goodness of all kinds awaits you and at very nice prices. I go there EVERY time I'm in town.