Agreed on the best hush puppies! Love the Cajun stuffed baked potato and the crawfish étoufféeI have a hard time eating in NO because I don't eat seafood. Read the menu of every restaurant in the quarter and finally stumbled upon this gem! We sat right next to the dueling pianos. The atmosphere was relaxed, a little fancy, and fun. My overall experience was great but here's the negative. I ordered my filet mignon extra well done and it came out bleeding. The waiter didn't return to the table until check time so I just had to make do. To end on a good note, the bread and hush puppies he brought to the table in the beginning were delicious! Staff and manager were very friendly.This is by far the best Resturant in town. Every time we come to New Orleans, Ralph and Kacoo's is a must. We have probably had everything on the menu and everything is fantastic. Service is always great. Tonight our server was Eddie. We always look forward to going back.Four of my friends and I came to New Orleans for a girls' weekend, and stopped a New Orleans resident on the street to ask where he'd recommend we eat in the area. The food wasn't anything to write home about at all. I had the fried seafood platter and it was bland. The hush puppies were boring--- just cornmeal, flour, and sugar. No spices, onions, etc. We also ordered a typical touristy drink (Swamp Thing?) and it was very weak. I know restaurant drinks are rarely strong, but I left feeling as if I should have just purchased a soft drink. On the plus side, our waiter, Big Ed, was very nice and attentive. 
As someone else said, this place is a chain, and it felt like it. We didn't know it was a chain restaurant until we'd ordered. If I'd known beforehand, we'd definitely avoided this place. I've been to New Orleans on several other occasions and Ralph and Kacoo's did not live up to my expectations at all.I have never tried red fish until this place and man I didn't know I was missing out on some yummy stuff!!!! I will be back!!Just had lunch here. It was delicious, with great service!  Our watress was named Keila. She was the best, and made the experience way more pleasant!  Will be back!Horrible, the food was bland. The dueling pianos were boring. I will not return.Perhaps my first (and last) visit there was on a bad day for the restaurant, however, our experience was not at all what I'd hoped for.  Though it was chilly outside, (during the week of 2013 Christmas) it was also quite drafty and chilly inside.  The 'first' server was pleasant & took our order...however evidently she left without telling anyone, and someone else brought our food to us, and remained our server until we left.  He seemed unaware of our requests and expectations, as well as the pricing.  The portion sizes were very, VERY small, yet very, VERY expensive.  It was interesting that while we were there, another nice lady with an infant near us explained that she was experiencing the same disappointing service and food quantity/quality.  She also explained that she used to visit there years ago frequently and enjoyed nice service and food quality/quanity per plate, however, she said that she would not be back either.  We actually get better/faster service, MUCH better prices, and better quality/quantity food at Subway.... which is where we went afterwards. Sad.Conveniently located in the French Quarter. Directly across the street from a parking lot. The drinks were not that impressive. I felt absolutely not buzz after finishing one of those extremely large frozen concoctions. This was disappointing for NOLA especially. The lobster Mac & Cheese was pretty good. Everyone at our table appeared to have enjoyed their food. We sat in the bar & the service was not the quickest because the bartender was handling both those seated at the bar & those of us sitting in the bar area. Not sure that I would come back as there are so many other restaurants to explore.Nice place with great staff. Grabbed a quick lunch. Suggest the sampler appetizer which included fried shrimp, alligator, and crawfish. Awesome white chocolate bread pudding and I typically don't eat bread pudding.If there were negative stars on Yelp this place would get -5. 
Bottom line- do not go here. Everything our table of 4 ordered was terrible. And cost a fortune.Skip it. 
Call me a snob, but if you are in New Orleans, there are very few spots inside the Quarter that I would consider a "must."  Ralph and Kacoo's is not one of them.
However, if you like over-fried, disappointing, tourist-grub, by all means, have at it.Years ago, this was the restaurant to go to.  Locals even patronized this place. Not anymore.  Overpriced, marginal food, pushy waiters, and a worn out reputation.Still one of my favorite places in NOLA.  Because they know how to serve catfish and hush puppies.  Maybe not as good as it was 20 years ago, but still a great place to enjoy seafood at a reasonable priceThe food and service was great. The waiter was very attentive and explained the menu well. The blackened snapper that I had was excellent, the hush puppies also were mouth watering. Overall this was a very good dining experience in the French Quarter
SKIP PI went there the last weekend of May (2010) with my friend and we had fried shrimp, clams, and oysters. The food was good but there was a bad smell in the restaurant. It wasn't fish, it was something else. Also the view  outside isn't the best, just a street and garbage cans. I don't think I would go back here.Good food, good service, huge portions.  I really enjoyed my red fish atchafalaya (sp?).  It was delicious!  My husband had a huge platter of all sorts of fried seafood.  Hush puppies were great too.  But after one meal of lots of fried food - I got fried out.  If you're gonna do fried foods - here's the place to go.Very sad to see such bad reviews!!!
Came here first a few years back, came back this year to take my kids (young foodies at 11, 12, and 14)  We all LOVED it.  Everything was GREAT... each with it's unique flavors and textures.  We did have some fried food, but we really wanted the saucy stuff... and they did them so well!!!   We ordered the crab platter, the shrimp platter, and one other one... I don't remember what though... but whatever it was, it was all good!
And to top it all off, we had the turtle cheesecake and felt like we died and went to heaven!!!  OMG, where have you been all my life!?  I took a picture of it half way through and sent it to family and friends so they would have a lasting memory of the sweetest bite on earth!
We will definitely be back...
Oh, and although service isn't usually something that sways me too much when it comes to food (if it's really bad service and the food is good, then get it to go... really, it's all about the food... the other stuff is just fluff) our waitress was super duper attentive.  She was really soft spoken so kind of hard to understand what she was saying sometimes, but I have no complaints about the service at all... maybe because it was just past the lunch rush and the place was fairly empty??
(that last paragraph was for the benefit of those who may be swayed by the negative reviews which focused on bad service)You hear everyone talk about how good New Orleans food is but you don't have a clue as to where to start looking for it once you get there?  Ralph and Kacoos is your place to start.  Why?  Because you will use your experience here as the benchmark by which you judge every other culinary experience in the French Quarter and beyond.  
They have all of the classic dishes you've always wanted to try.  I've had crawfish etoufee at half a dozen places in New Orleans and the best version of this classic dish is served here, with freshly made hush puppies of course served with some outrageously delicious dill sauce.
Here is where you try alligator bites for the first time if you must, you'll find none fresher or better prepared.  The Louisiana crabcakes are an experience in themselves especially if you're accustomed to the overly breaded and combined variety...you'll find these are made with lump crab that makes you appreciate each and every bite.
As I may have mentioned in another review, it is my life's mission to find and spout about the world's best bread pudding.  Famous Dave's in Chicago is my blue ribbon winner....but in New Orleans Ralph and Kacoos takes first prize, its amazing, served warm (as only it should be served) with a fantastic bourbon sauce.
Now for the final reason I love Ralph and Kacoos aside from its off the beaten path location its cozy, yet contemporary library feel.....the crawfish etoufee.  Long a favorite of mine, its just hard to find it made correctly with a thick roux, lots of crawfish and real rice (not that Uncle Ben's stuff)....here you'll find everything as it should be with a bonus of shrimp and crabmeat in your etoufee' as well.  Pass those hush puppies because they were made to partner with the etoufee.
You just can't order a steak or seafood that you won't enjoy here.  Everything is made fresh, they make all of their own sauces with fresh herbs and seasonings.  Yelp back after your visit so that I can reminesce!We did dinner at Ralph and Kacoos on the recommendation of a friend, and I have to say, I was disappointed.  
We had the crab cakes as an appetizer, and they were sub-par - wayyy too much filler.  My girlfriend took one bite and said "I can't eat any more of that."  We also ordered oysters on the half shell, but they never came out (when our dinners arrived, we asked our server and said they were behind on oysters and they were "on their way," but we asked him to take them off). 
For the entree, we asked for recommendations and our server said "While our menu is focused on seafood, our steaks are the best thing we have." Which sounded good, because I was in a steak mood, so I ordered the ribeye.  It wasn't "bad" but to be blunt, I'd rather get a steak at Longhorns or Outback.  My friend ordered the ribeye as well, and had the same response.  I will say, my girlfriend ordered a filet mignon special that she said was excellent, and my friend's gf ordered a bowl of crawfish etoufee, which she loved, but I didn't try either, so I can't really account for them in my review. 
Other than the oysters and the recommendation, service was very good. Decor is kind of odd.  This place doesn't really seem to know what it wants to be - kind of quirky, but kind of upscale.  It really needs a make-over.
Bottom line - I wouldn't go back.
As a side note, I keep seeing people talking about that gator as if it was a unique Ralph and Kacoos thing - am I the only one who saw it on the menu pretty much everyplace I went in NO?Crab remoulade was wonderful. Vegetables were cold, baked potato was cold. Appetizer wasn't even delivered.  Manager only offered a free dessert. 75% of our meal was poor... Skip this place, go across the street!We were ready to get down to eatin' as soon as we hit the pavement in New Orleans. Checking out some of the dining options I had bookmarked, we settled on R&K's due to its casual nature. The restaurant scores points in my book for being far enough off Bourbon to not look or feel like a tourist trap. The downside of that is the interior lacks personality and feels a lot like any nicer, traditional american casual place.
The place is divided into two sections; a font bar area that is more casual and a large dining room with white tablecloths. We opted for the bar area, quickly settling in with a couple of local brews - a NOLA and Abita. Coming at an off time, the place was empty, but filled in a bit by the time we headed out.
We received a basket of hush puppies as we perused the menu. I love a god hush puppy and these, served with honey butter, did not disappoint. We opted to start with the fried crawfish tails. Tasty, but not a standout, they were easy to pop. For our entrees we ordered the Ruby for me and Redfish Pontchartrain for him. My meal, broiled tilapia topped with a crab meat and a very rich sauce and a side. While very tasty - well-cooked fish and generous amounts of crab, I couldn't finish the dish due to its richness. Even using my side of mash potatoes to reset my palette. My partner's redfish was delicious and something I had also considered. My favorite part of his dish was the shrimp, lump crab meat and sauce adorning the top of the redfish. 
While it may not be oozing with personality, Ralph and Kacoo's is a great option for a nicer, yet casual seafood experience in the Quarter.Gaiters all around ha on the table with sauce wonderful it's all good. Fried pickles and a hurricane in hand it is definitely excellent. 
Oysters and shrimp and great people around and you know you are in The Big Easy. 
Food and service here are both great. I will book mark this spot.First, if you get a chance to go to Ralph & Kacoo's - go!  Run, don't walk!  As a local, it is a blessing and a curse that there are so many different dining options in NOLA.  I am so glad my friend had her rehearsal dinner here or else it would have taken me longer to discover this place!
We got there early and wound up having a few drinks at the bar.  Happy hour specials were still running and I had a $3 glass of wine and my fiancee had $2 beer on draft.  I couldn't believe how cheap the drinks were and they told us they had happy hour at the bar until 10PM!  This was on a Thursday night.
We sat down for the rehearsal dinner and I had a steak which was one of the best steaks I have had in my entire life.  It was cooked perfectly and was an excellent cut of meat.  The stuffed potato that it was served with was fabulous (I am a steak and potato connoisseur!) and to top it all off they served hush puppies as well.  
They had dueling pianos this particular night and after the dinner was over this is what got us to stay.  The piano players were great and their song repertoire was great I couldn't wait to hear what they were going to play next!!
We sat at the bar again after the rehearsal dinner was over and my fiancee decided to try the frog legs (YES, frog legs!) that they had on their late-night bar menu as a snack before we went home and he loved them!  I was too full or else I would have loved to have had the crawfish nachos!!!  
We will be back this week!!!  Between the great food and service and the live entertainment (not to mention their happy hour!) it's my new favorite place - I can't believe I haven't been here sooner!  If you are looking to have a rehearsal dinner or any large party they have a few private dining rooms - we are looking at having our welcome dinner there for our wedding!Always hit Ralph and Kacoo's for a Bloody Mary!!   One of my top places in New Orleans!What I ordered:
- Ribeye Steak (A+)
- Shrimp Scampi - with linguini not angel hair (A+)
- Oysters Rockefeller (A)
- Fried Pickles off-the-menu (B)
- Hush Puppies (B-) 
- Crab Cakes (B)
I always like ordering pasta, it's easy to eat and if it's done well it shows proof of a great restaurant. I've eaten my weight in pasta all through Europe but I can honestly say that the Shrimp Scampi (with linguini not angel hair) is the best pasta I have ever had. Ever. I can't stop salivating just thinking about it and if I didn't live 2,237 miles away i'd walk there right now to get another fix. It's spicy - really spicy and the cream sauce perfect amount of richness to it. I tend to stay away from any dish that claims to be "Famous" because 90% of the time they are let downs - this was anything but. This is last meal on earth kind of stuff.
Their Rib eye was perfectly cooked and seasoned. That's really all it takes and i'm surprised how many restaurants can't seem to accomplish this feat. Ralph and Kacoo's has no problem serving up a flawless piece of meat. Another memorable dish was the Oysters Rockefeller, heavy on the sauce but that doesn't bother me one bit.
I had little hopes with an average of 3-stars on their yelp page (as of 12/8/12) but they proved me wrong. The secret to Ralph and Kacoos is picking the right dish. There were some bummers in the mix but if you pick a good one, man, you've really picked a good one.Good service, great food, good portions, and neat environment. Ralph and Kacoo's is both a bar and a restaurant and for a 5 pm Saturday night dinner, it was not crowded at all. I wish I had come a little later since they have dueling pianos at 7 pm. 
My date and I split an appetizer of fried green tomatos with lump crab on top. They were tasty, but a little messy. The tomatos did not have the flavorful punch that I've come to expect from my local fried green tomato provider. I had the redfish ponchetrain with the cajun potato and although it was enough food, I wouldn't call it a large portion. It was one piece of fish and half of a potato. Thankfully my date got the Seafood Fettuccine Alfredo and his plate was so large, I got more than enough food from my meal and some of his. 
I really enjoyed the Hurricane in the souvenier glass, it was probably the best I've ever had, but $13.95 seemed a little pricey. Overall, it was a great dining experience and really made for a very pleasant dining experience.I'm not so sure what all the super negative reviews are about; I had a fine time here.  My fiancé and I were in town for his college (Tulane) roommate's wedding, and went to lunch here around 2 on a Friday.  Let me just say, New Orleans is not the best place to visit if you're allergic to shellfish...  Anyway, I got the fried catfish platter, one of my very limited options, and he got some extremely delicious looking chicken with shrimp & sausage.  Some of my fish was slightly greasy, but hey, it's fried.  We also got the blackened alligator app, which was AWESOME.  Unfortunately I could only eat about 5 pieces, even thought it was super delish, for some reason I could just not wrap my brain around the fact that I was eating a reptile.
Our server Bonnie was pleasant, she brought our food and drinks promptly.  There was a family with a fairly well behaved child behind us, I think they ended up giving him a free ice cream, which was really nice.  (I kept wondering where mine was...)
So like I said, I thought it was fairly good, although obviously I can't comment on the quality of the shellfish, my fiancé seemed to enjoy his food as well.Came here for dinner on our last night in town. Started off with the hush puppies which could have been a tad bit more fresh. Holding back the fifth star because of that.  They were a little dry, but still flavorful.  Then we had the blackened 'gator. Beats fried any day!  Had excellent flavor, just the right bite for spiciness.  I ordered The Ruby which is fish on crabmeat on fish on crabmeat yet somehow it all tasted amazing.  Very flavorful but had to add some pepper sauce to spice it up. The pepper sauce isn't hot at first but will catch up and you'll be sniffling in no time.  We sat in the bar area to watch the baseball playoffs and it wasn't too noisy.We walked all over New Orleans looking for crawfish and found Ralph and Kacoo's! What a find!! The fried green tomatoes are the best I have ever had! The crawfish were even better!!Why eat here when there are so many better choices in the French Quarter. This is a chain restaurant, the menu is over priced, and the food is average at best.Loved our dining experience at Ralph and kacoo's.
We were brought to the restaurant for a wedding rehearsal dinner.  Pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and friendliness of the servers.  Keep in mind however - service is S-L-O-W even at the bar.
Salad was delicious.  Rib eye steak with stuffed baked potato needed no steak sauce.  Fettucine of the Sea needed seasoning.  A little Lawry's would have given it that kick it needed.  it was also a little cold but we attributed that to the fact that we were dining with a large group.  Crawfish looked delicious and arrive in a huge pile.Overall excellent meal and service.  Get the blackened gator.Ralph and Kacoo's was a place we found while walking around the French Quarter. It looked nice and so we gave it a shot for dinner the first night we were there. Unfortunately the food was mediocre at best. There are so many better places in the French Quarter that I wish we had eaten that it makes me sick. We do not plan on going back to this one. You can skip it.Service was good, food was good. They seated us late so it was a bit rushed but I wouldn't hold it against them.  The alligator appetizer was nice that we could have it both grilled and fried.  The fried portion was very spicy but overall good. The hot sauce on the table was very good.  They love butter and give you a little dish of it with everything you order.  I still don't understand a side of butter with hush puppies but hey, I'm a tourist so what do I know.  It's good but my recommendation would be don't come at closing.Our waiter was so sweet.  The Hurricanes were spot on and our food was phenomenal.  Would go back again and again.This has been a hit or miss restaurant for me but the food and service was good this past Thursday evening.  The hush puppies (instead of a bread basket) were very hot and crunchy.  Our server was efficient and friendly.  My husband enjoyed his fried shrimp.  I ordered the green pepper stuffed with a shrimp and crabmeat dressing,  The green pepper was overdone but the stuffing was delicious if not rich -- lots of crabmeat in it. I could not eat both halves.  The restaurant was too cool for our liking so we were actually happy to get back outside.  Too bad...we might have stayed for coffee and dessert had it not been so cold in the restaurant,  We would go back again,We went there as a party of 12 for dinner. It was easy to make a reservation.
When we sat down for dinner we discovered that the AC was not working in our section and the ceiling fan would not work. They promptly moved us to another section that was cool and wonderful. The service was great and everything for the raw oysters to the filet topped with crab was wonderful. We all had bread pudding for dessert which was warm and had an excellent sauce.
I was told that it could be loud, but I did not find that to be true the night we were there.
A great place to eat in the French Quarter.Overall experience was good.  The menu is average and not as adventurous as surrounding restaurants in the French Quarter.  However, the food quality and service were excellent.  We had 4 courses in less than 45 minutes!The decorations on the walls are the most notable thing about this place.  They have mardi gras costumes from years ago, and a scary child manequin in the back.  It's a little freaky and unsettling to have that thing staring at you while you eat!
The food was ok but not amazing.  I had the stuffed lobster special, which was the most pricey thing on the menu, but it didn't live up to it's price.  In truth it was a little dry.  The alligator appetizer and hush puppies were great though.  Overall, this place is OK but I wouldn't recommend someone go out of their way to eat there.If there ever was a restaurant that deserves 10 stars, this location specifically deserves them. My cousin posted on his Facebook that he is in NOLA and so I suggested he go to R&C's. My one and only experience with them was in 2001 but they were phenomenal! There was a problem when the server quit right after taking our order. Unreal! We sat there for 45 minutes waiting. 
When I finally asked where our food was, the manager, Miss Iris went to check. In literally one minute later, 7 servers rushed out of the back and started changing plates, silverware, glasses, brought bread, took our orders and had the bunch of us with food in 10 minutes.
To my amazement, Miss Iris showed up with the bill after we ate and tore it up in front of us. Over $400 and she comped the entire thing.
Now that's going above and beyond for your patrons.
I am a forever fan of Ralph and Kacoo's!This place is excellent!  Our waiter, Jerry, was great.  The food is amazing.  
The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because I thought the dueling pianos were a little corny. I know that many people enjoy it but it's just not my cup of tea. That won't stop me from coming back though, it's too good to pass by.Great place! Jerry took good care of us and the piano guys kept it entertaining. Food was amazing too!Came here for a Saturday night dinner. This restaurant totally caters to the tourists with drinks like Katrina (totally inappropriate I thought) and Swamp Water. They serve up overly large meals if you order a platter. Don't order a sazerac (absolutely horrid) from here, stick to tried and true commercial drinks. 
The wait staff did a good job in handling our size of group (although the kitchen didn't keep up with the meals being ordered and food came out as it was ready instead of all together). 
A few menu items of note that were good: the grilled alligator meat was nice and tender. Order the bread pudding, absolutely yummy. The cheesecake was way too sweet and came with too much caramel sauce.Ralph and Kacoo's is a big place on Toulouse, just down from Decatur. There's a bar next to the street and a restaurant out back which has a sort of a mezzanine/balcony running along one wall with an interesting selection of bric a brac on display, including a large stuffed toy tiger, a model schooner, and a real stuffed fox in a glass case. There was a sign outside on the footpath advertising "Duelling Pianos", and they were already duelling when I walked in, thumping out a version of "Blueberry Hill".
I ordered the gator bites, half and half (half fried, half blackened). The waiter bought me a bowl of bread first which included a couple of things that looked like falafels and tasted like sugarless donuts. The fried gator was like the Popcorn Alligator I had at Jax Brewery last time I was in New Orleans and just as tasty as I remembered that being. The blackened variety tasted like it had been pan fried as opposed to deep fried and I actually preferred this as the subtle flavour of the meat was, I thought, somewhat overpowered by the batter. The texture was slightly chewy, but not in a bad way. It came with a couple of little bowls of sauce - one a sort of spicy tomato, and the other like a buttery, lemon mayo - but I thought both varieties actually tasted better by themselves.This place is on the same level as Pappadauex's.  When I book my trip to New Orleans, I plan to pay them a visit.  Everything I've had here has been excellent.  If my memory serves me correctly, it's located in the heart of the French Quarter.  Do yourself a favor and check them out.DON'T EVER GO HERE!!! This is the most poorly ran establishment I've ever experienced! The management does not know how to run a business and it's a shame that they can treat customers so poorly. No matter how desperate you are for a reservation for a larger party, it's not worth it...trust me!! I would give this place negative stars if I could.I love this place!!! I've been going there for 20 years and have never been let down! Try the crawfish trawl! The gumbo is excellent as well.I enjoyed this place but I felt that there was an issue of quantity over quality. The seafood platter we ordered could have fed a family of 4 for a week. All in all the service and atmosphere were fine but the food wasn't to die for. Although .....hush puppies.....We had a great time at Ralph and Kacoo's. It was recommended by a local tour guide and it was wonderful. Our waitress was really sweet. We ordered the nachos and they were DELICIOUS! The only reason I gave them four stars instead of five was the item I ordered (the lobster mac and cheese) wasn't that great. Also, my sister ordered the crab fingers (I think that's what they were called?) and she didn't care for those much either. I would definitely go again and order the NACHOS!My boyfriend had his 30th birthday in New Orleans and I needed to find a place where 30+ people could fit comfortably and still have a good meal. A friend suggested this place and it turned out great! I worked with Tara and she set us up in a banquet room (for a small fee - worth it!) and everyone had a great time. Good service and great food. Nice location too!Overall the best dinner I had on a 5-day trip to New Orleans.
The restaurant is dim and decorated "interestingly" - there's a lot to look at. Tigers, mountain lions, alligators, fish, etc. It's quieter than many other restaurants in the area and a nice peaceful dinner was very much enjoyed.
Our server, Faye (sp?) was delightful. Very friendly, attentive. We ordered up some of their specialty drinks - The Katrina and (what I believe was called) The Swamp Water - and these were excellent. Fruity and smooth and large and completely delicious - I ended up liking these better than any other (perhaps more famous) fruit concoctions we had at other places (and we tried quite a few). 
For entrees, our table had seafood-stuffed peppers, the seafood platter (shrimp, stuffed shrimp, soft-shelled crab, stuffed crab, catfish, oysters), and cedar-plank salmon. I tried all of these dishes and every part of every one of them was heavenly.  The seafood platter - my entree - was my favorite, and the best part of that was the stuffed crab. I substituted some fettuccine alfredo for what I think was supposed to be a potato, and I don't regret my choice - the alfredo sauce was some of the best I've had. The stuffed peppers came in a very close second, but all the food was terrific. After dinner we enjoyed some bread pudding that I thought was to-die-for.
I will definitely miss Ralph and Kacoo's now that I'm back home, and I know they'll be the first reservation I make the next time I visit New Orleans.The good:  It's been over 10 years since I've been to New Orleans and the one restaurant I remembered back then was Ralph & Kacoo's.  The hushpuppies that they serve while you wait for your food, was the one thing I looked forward to during this visit.  I was not disappointed.  I'm not sure what it is about those sweet hushpuppies, but that part has not changed. 
The bad:  The lobster bisque had such an overwhelming taste of alcohol, that it ruined the soup and I couldn't eat it.  Then the redfish ponchetrain had so much peppercorn and didn't have much other flavor, that I barely ate that dish.  
Overall, I was disappointed.  If I ever go back, it will only be for the hushpuppies.We ate here yesterday and the food and service (Robert!) were amazing.  I'm surprised at the negative reviews, but most of the negatives were written over a year ago.  Perhaps the food and service have changed since then, because there were eight of us and we all thought everything was amazing.Don't understand why we had such a bad experience compared to so many other posters, but this was an awful experience.  Wish we had stuck with the plan to go to Johnny's but my g/f was too impatient to walk another block and got excited by the neon lights and funny name.  (Insert forehead slap! It was just us and another table when we walked in.  We were greeted by the bartender as soon as we walked in and offered to sit where we liked.  This is where the trouble started.  The bar is about 30 feet long and has one opening at the opposite end so the poor bartender had to walk all the way down and back to bring us anything while the manager sat there bs-ing about how great the restaurant is with some slick-haired loud mouth at the other table.  Felt sorry for the bartender running a marathon so we moved up to the bar only to realize that he was working alone with a gimp hand.  Really felt sorry for the guy since he was trying hard and moving fast.  I guess one of the tours let out because people started pouring in.  It took the manager 20 minutes to realize the guy needed help. Then there was a roach on the bar which the bartender got out, we should have left then... 
Our food came out fast and was missing roumalade so we waited. Bread was still dry but the catfish on my po boys was moist. Now here's what gets me about this place.  I went to the men's room and saw a huge empty dinning room.  Then staff kept coming out of the back  to ask the bartender to take care of things.  I couldn't hear what they said but could hear him saying he'd do it.  Now the bar tables are full and the manager is scrambling to help and it's obvious that he's not used to doing this so he's honestly getting in the way.  People start coming up to the bar to place their orders because they don't want to miss their tours and still more staff is coming from somewhere in the back to bother the single bartender, but there's still absoultly no one in the back of the restaurant. 
Don't get suckered in by the bright lights and funny name; the food is't very good, the service is ok, and the cleanliness is questionable. There's better places here.Night before a convention, at 9pm, we tried to order to go at sit down area. Was told to go to bar to order. Bar was not busy at all. Bartender had us waiting 10 mins before she can take the order. Had us waiting for the food too long that my son got thirsty. Asked for water and that took her 10 min also. The whole wait for the food was ridiculous. Maybe 30 mins waiting for food after it was ordered. Guy next to me also pissed. So I'm writing for two people. Food was small portioned. Not worth it due to the service wait.I visited this establishment on November 4, 2010.  Unfortunately I tripped on something on the floor and hurt my shoulder.  They brought me ice, but I was in such pain I had to ask them for some assistance.  They told me there was no open clinic nearby.  I had to request a taxi to take me to the ER.  They called the taxi put me in it and didn't even offer to pay for the taxi!  The manager for the evening said to let them know how I was doing and gave me the caterer's card.  I did let them know the next day I had broken my shoulder and he said he was "sorry about that".  I asked for their liability insurance information, but he did not give it to me.  Said he would get in touch with me. I'm still waiting. I have since had physical therapy, finally a surgery, and I am still in physical therapy.  This has costs me over $9,000 and I am still paying in money and pain and they did not even pay for my taxi or offer a free meal!  I was simply a tourist and they didn't care!  I am returning to New Orleans in September for another convention and you can bet I will tell everyone not to go to this restaurant!Fantastic. Hayward took good care of us. The Etoufee was very good. Also had stuffed mushrooms and stuffed bell peppers. It was the service and atmosphere that really set this place above. I highly recommend.Hush puppies are SLAMMIN!!!  
Fried pickles are pretty good if you like that sort of stuff.
Service was pretty good, however it was a little confusing when we first arrived what we were supposed to do to get a table.  
Overall I recommend this establishment.First of all, any place that has a cocktail named a Hurricane Katrina is on my bleep list. That's like Sardi's New York having a 9/11 Elixir. It's so gauche, tasteless, and insensitive, the mind boggles. Tourists who normally enjoy eating at Applebee's and who don't wish to expand their horizons beyond Bourbon St. clubs will love the pathetic excuse for a seafood platter and the forced, cheesy ambience this place delivers. Everybody else should pay cab fare to get to Frankie and Johnny's, R & O's, or one of the myriad much better local seafood joints. Heck, even Deanie's is several notches above this place and you still don't have to leave the Quarter. You're welcome!This place was pretty good, my boyfriend loves the Shreveport location, so we tried it out this past summer.
We ordered 3 entrees, one as an appetizer, and they were all good.  The bread is also awesome, as was the ruby (my entree).  Our waiter was pretty cool, other than repeated references to my resemblance to a certain pop culture icon i despise and think is foul (after saying so, i would think he would stop reiterating how much i look like her, as obviously it will be coming out of his tip...hmm..).
other than that annoying experience, customer service was good, food was good, and i'd go back if staying in the quarter!Order a Swamp Water, then consume.
Order a dozen oysters (or a crab cake or two if oysters are out of season), then consume.
Repeat.
Great for groups.  The food is fair, but the quantity and service more than make up for it.  Even with large groups service is still attentive.  I think the food could vary throughout the year if they don't rotate the menu to reflect the freshest fish, but, not many place do.
The restrooms were private stalls, clean and stocked.  4 FlushesAfter having a drink at another bar, my bf was looking for a place around, that wasn't on bourbon street and we came across Ralph and Kacoo's, they had happy hour until 10pm (Mon thru Thurs, I think) so we went in to see what the deal was house wine was 2 bucks ( a decent wine, shocked it was 2 bucks), well drinks were 2.50 and call drinks were 3.50 which included Jack Daniels.  We tried a cup of the crawfish etouffee, it came with hush puppies and both were pretty tasty and wanted more hush puppies.Restaurant was recommended by several people (some natives, some not).  My family and I ate here this past weekend and everyone in the party of 5 enjoyed what they ordered (salad, blackened mahi mahi, stuffed bell peppers, and steak).  The free hush puppies were a little on the done side.  I had the blackened mahi mahi and I thought it was salty and over cooked.  I tasted my mom's steak and it was good (I cut it with a butter knife).  Everything on the menu is pricey, but it is in the heart of the French Quarter (right across the street from Jax Brewery and a quick walk to Bourbon St.).  I would not make a special trip to eat here, but if I were in town and didn't feel like getting dressed up, I might go here.Not impressed. Would not recommend. Food was not worth the price & it was so busy...i don't know why.We almost always visit Ralph and Kacoo's when we stay in New Orleans.  Where else can you get blackened alligator?  If you find out, let me know, because this is the only place where we've found it!
I've had dinner here twice and both times were good.  I believe I had fried something or other both times.  Nothing really spectacular, but good food, reasonable prices, and good service.
Lately we've taken to stopping into the bar and having a glass of wine and blackened alligator for a snack - classy combo huh?  The bar area is very pretty.  There are also several tables in the bar if you wish to dine with the drinkers.  The tables are all right along the windows, so the people watching along Toulouse is fantastic.  
Now back to my main point - blackened alligator!  It is so incredibly tasty.  I can only compare it to fried alligator - which tastes like chicken to me - and it is so much better blackened!  You get so many more flavors, and it really doesn't taste like chicken when it's served up right.  I highly recommend the blackened alligator to the more adventurous foodies out there.  I will warn you though - sometimes it can be a bit fatty.  On our last visit however, it was perfect.  I didn't have one bite with any fat in it, and neither did my hubby.  So wonderful!
Even if you don't want a full meal at Ralph and Kacoo's, stop in for a drink and a snack.  It's a great place to rest your feet for a bit, and to enjoy the fun New Orleans atmosphere, great food, and friendly service.Went here with my husband, his boss, and the boss's wife. The restaurant was chilly and had an slight smell of sewage, could have been because of the outside and proximity to the river but was distracting. My order was wrong. Ordered the stacked crab salad. Was repeated back to me correctly and introduced to me when brought to the table but had shrimp not crab.  The staff was friendly and helpful though.What a wonderful surprise! The first day in New Orleans and we stumble upon $2 martinis. The moonpie martini was so yummy! We called them smores (toasted marshallows on top??-too good to be true!) I did not have anything to eat and the atmosphere was kinda dirty and dingy looking but people seemed to be enjoying themselves. There was live music and the bar atmosphere was cool. Our bartender was amazing and did a great job of taking care of about 10 of us at one time. He even recommended some parties to us for the evening. If anything try out the Thursday night martini special!The place is huge so great for hosting big group dinners. Both times I went there - we had a big group and they were able to accommodate us. So that's all good.
The first time I went there - it was because our swamp tour guide recommended this place for the best alligator meat in that part of the city. He said the restaurant uses high quality tenderloin meat so if we want to try alligator at all, we should go there and order half and half alligator. We did that and it was pretty good the first time. The service was a little slow but overall good. And who doesn't appreciate the great southern hospitality - especially after living in the East Coast for a few years?
However, the second time the experience was quite sub-par. First, the service was horrible. I never got my glass of water. Some of us got wrong orders. The waitress was nice but not very efficient. Second, the alligator was really bad. They were cold and chewy - very different from the first time we had it. I don't know what happened. I was slightly embarrassed in front of my work group since I recommended the place solely because of that. 
I would probably not go back. Once again, the people there were really nice and welcoming. Overall the food was ok as well. But my expectations were not met. The three stars are for the first time I went there.We went expecting a good New Orleans seafood dish.  We ordered "Ralph's Platter."  
RALPH'S PLATTER
Catfish fillet, Jumbo Gulf shrimp, oysters, soft shell crab, stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, crawfish tails and gumbo.
It was all batter FRIED!!!!  Along with this, there was only one stuffed shrimp and one of the teensiest soft shell crabs you've ever seen.  I've seen bigger soft shell crabs at the Jersey shore!!   Unbelievable for the price.   The menu should tell you it's fried.  Also, their specialty drink- swamp something or other- was horrendous.  I didn't even drink it after the first sip.  I asked for water for the rest of our meal.This place is a French Quarter gem, found amongst so many other mediocre restaurants near by.  We only found it by accident while looking for a now closed restaurant.  Lucky for us we were directed to it while asking for directions.
At first glance Ralph and Kacoo's looks like any other bar in the quarter, but inside there is an extremely large dining room with a casual dining feel.  Our sever Michael,was not only polite but extremely knowledgable about the menu.  We were looking for some alligator so started with the Taste of Louisiana.  Both the gator and the fried crawfish were great, served with the table hush puppies.  For entree's I had the shrimp trawl, and my girlfriend had the crawfish festival. Both had four variations of the  main course and were absolutely amazing.  
This has been my first trip to New Orleans, but please believe we will be back in future trips. This was the sampling of New Orleans cuisine that I have been waiting on all weekend, and it's just too bad it took to the end of my trip to find it.Our first night in NOLA and we wanted some seafood. Received a couple of recommendations from our hotel concierge, Ralph and Kacoo's was one of them. We had a wonderful server that helped recommend plates that we were interested in. Had the craw fish nachos as an appetizer, so tasty and delicious. The craw fish was perfectly cooked with just enough spice on the nachos to give it a little kick. Dinner was a shrimp platter with a cajun potato (mmm mmm, good), the blackened shrimp, by far was my favorite. Dessert was bread pudding, how could you go wrong! The meal was fabulous, beginning to end.We stayed in the French Quarter and were looking for fried oysters without the crowds in the Acme Oyster House.  This place was almost next door to the French Market Inn and the oysters were outstanding.  They also have a much better craft beer selection than most places.The service was a bit rude but not as bad as the food. For the price the seafood could have been fresh. I can tell it was frozen. I mean they are in a port you would think it would be fresh!! The vegetables were defiantly from a bag as well. I haven't been here in 10 years and it's unfortunate this place went down hill. I always used to visit.We started with the starter plate which had crawfish, alligator, and shrimp. It was my first time trying gator, so I thought it was pretty good. Then for the entree, I and the shrimp st. charles, and that was definitely delicious! It was a lot of food to eat, but if you're a big fan of seafood, this place really hits the spot. It is on the pricey side, but it is seafood, so I don't know what you would expect. The drinks from here are huge, but they taste good. Got the hurricane, and after you finish your drink, you can keep the cup as a souvenir. Service was decent, but I was with a fairly large group of people.Oh Em Gee. Do NOT eat this crap. Go to Arthur Treacher's or Long John Silver's instead. The bulk of the restaurant was empty, and only used by functions. Was there for a corporate event. Mediocre service. The seafood platter was TERRIBLE. Breaded. Poorly cooked. Poorly seasoned. Rubbery. Bland. Bad. Other co workers had the steak and it was like cardboard. Were this not in the French Quarter it would fail miserably. Had it any less seating capacity, forcing it to relinquish the group business, it would also fail bad. 
Go find better local joints.I always get the fried and grilled gator starter then i order the seafood plate. I always leave satisfied at Ralph and Kacoo's. 
get the gator.I been coming here since I was a youngster when my mom brought me back in the 80's when we would come into town. Now I'm back and the  food still tastes delicious and the memories are there as well. Thanks momThe food is still pretty good but the service is really going down hill fast. In my recent experience, service was so slow and in-attentive, we left. 
We ordered 1 dozen raw oysters. 20 minutes later: nothing, and the place was not at all full or busy. We also wanted to order some appetizers and a couple of fried seafood platters to-go but no one would even take our order. 
We left. I just couldn't believe they would let $200 walk out the door. I talked with the manager (Ashley) and she seemed unqualified and it was just a really unsatisfactory experience all around. 
Too bad because their hush puppies are (were) really yummy. I won't be going back to this R&K - just can't do dat.
Eat elsewhere -I haven't been here in a while, but it was one of my old favorites in New Orleans. Their hush puppies are still the best I've ever had.