Just as many others have stated, I too had a work related gathering here. This was my first time attending and the event had a set menu. Maybe next visit I'll see their actual menu. Being vegetarian when I saw my group had already chosen either fish or steak I knew I was gonna have to be THAT person and ask for an alternative. The host, of course, were more than happy to accommodate me. They mentioned their Sweet Potato Agnolotti so I accepted. It was amazing. I also enjoyed their house Cabernet a lot. The room that was reserved for us was on the second floor. It was nice to be able to mix and mingle on the balcony before our event began. The host were phenomenal as well. I can't wait to return.I really loved Ralph's. We came here for a rehearsal dinner for a friend. The space is lovely. The balcony upstairs offers nice views of City Park. 
The staff was very good and friendly. We had a set meal. Started with some delicious gumbo. I had the red fish which was outstanding. Spicy and peppery with a not too heavy sauce. My friends found the potatoes a bit salty but I didn't notice. I also tried the shrimp dish which was excellent. We ended with a bread pudding that was a good sweet end to dinner. 
Really enjoyed Ralph's and would love to come back some time.Great service and amazing food. Will always go back here. The first time we went we didn't realize it was a dressy restaurant and showed up in jeans and t-shirts. Anticipating being at least relegated to a Siberia-like table we were pleasantly surprised to be put in the center of the dining room, and the servers treated us really, really well. After several return trips ( dressed appropriately!) I can tell you that all their servers I have had are very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list, and the food is ridiculously good. Their turtle soup alone is worth going for. We often will order a bunch of their small plates because their menu is too damn interesting! Highly reccomend.Everything here is perfect! We go to Ralph's for every special occasion. The ambience is magnificent with the dreamy oaks trees lined up on City Park for an outside view. The service is always five star.  But the food, the reason for going in the first place is what should and does stand out. Here the food is truly memorable. The short ribs appetizer alone is worth going back for again and again. Oh and the chocolate doberge cake is perfection. They have delicious special drinks each month that proceed a charity, giving you a reason to drink if you ever needed one. Ralph's is definitely a special place.Lured by the constant advertisements of $33 for 3 small plates and a glass of wine, my family and I ended up at Ralph's on a beautiful Sunday night. We made reservations, but it really wasn't necessary as it was pretty empty... I am not sure it is like this all the time, so be safe and make one. We have been here twice and the dress is "smart casual", whatever that is... meaning we saw everything from shorts and tanks to very nice dresses. Take it as you will, and dress at your comfort level. 
The service: The service was exceptional, if not a little too friendly.. i.e. our waiter literally stood over my husband to see how he liked the turtle soup... He then proceeded to try to list the 27 ingredients. I chalk it  up to he was young and new to the business, and really took to the whole chit-chat with customers bit a little too seriously. Once he got other tables things mellowed out and we really enjoyed ourselves. 
Our daughter ordered off the kids menu, which is a set 3 course meal for $12. It truly was a bargain, and the staff took great care to make sure her order paired our food as far as the timing of things coming out. My husband and I each ordered the three plate deal. Honestly, there was so much food that I could only eat half of what I ordered. My husband, on the other hand, practically cleaned the plates. Everything we had (turtle soup, tuna duo, truffle fries, oysters, crabmeat deviled eggs, beef mole sopes), was delicious! 
I definitely recommend Ralph'sI chose to dine at Ralph's for my birthday dinner and I am so glad I did! 
Food was deliciousssss, service was great and the interior is beautiful.
I will definitely come back to try other items on the menu!This restaurant had an elegant yet classic feel to it. Sitting right on the edge of City Park, the weeping willow views offered some of my favorite while visiting the city.  Located a bit outside of downtown, the trolly could offer as a beneficial transportation and also be a very fun journey to dinner. Nothing fell short through this meal, from the greeting, to the service, and of course the tastiness of the food.  Nicole was our server, she was extremely pleasant and had an almost historical knowledge of food items and city culture alike.  Felt as though my family and I had a personal tour guide who loved answering questions.  From the braised lamb toast, to the turtle soup, garlic-cheese bread, chicken and andouille gumbo, the starters blew our socks off.  The cocktail I tried was a mysterious twist on champagne with a dose of Absinthe, called Death in the Oaks, and was a wonderful supplement to the mystique surrounding the vibe of the restaurant. Of the two steaks I tried, I would have to say I would prefer the Strip Steak over the Bacon Filet.  Both we tasty, but the flavor that came alongside with the blue cheese on the strip, was to die for.  I also could have had a sauce to compliment the steak fry wedges that came with filet.  I found myself getting bored with the plainness of potato, and found myself wanting something to compliment them.  Tried my sister's Pork Chop, amazing.  The plate that stole the night for me was my mom's BBQ SHRIMP. Holy lord, make sure you request extra bead so you can soak up every last drop of the sauce that comes with the BBQ deliciousness!!!! I wasn't much in the mood for deserts, but we did try the passion fruit cheesecake, flourless chocolate cake and another chocolate dish that started with a B, that I cannot remember for the life of me. Sold A for this experience, I would recommend and I would most definitely return for another meal.I had the best dish I've ever had in New Orleans here, and it was even on a Sunday night.  The BBQ Gulf Shrimp was just absolutely fantastic.  I had a couple of errors with the waiter and the bar, but the food was just great.  The Tuna Two Ways appetizer was highly recommended by my girlfriend and I hardly had a chance to have any, given how good it was (and how she guarded it).
Again, the BBQ Gulf Shrimp was simply the best thing I've ever eaten in New Orleans.  I've eaten in a number of places there, but that dish was by far the best dish ever for me there.I liked this restaurant because it seemed to be quintessential New Orleans. Great location overlooking city park and beautiful cypress trees. Second floor has large shutter doors opening out to a deck with great park views. Great selection of house cocktails. 
Salad and entree were good but not particularly memorable; the lemon posset was a bit of a miss in my opinion.
Overall, if in New Orleans, I would say give it a try. The atmosphere alone is worth a visit.We had Sunday brunch and most of our group was really disappointed. Several wanted the house drink with pomegranate and amazingly they were out of pomegranate. For food we started with the smoked oysters which were interesting. The bread and butter that came with the food were good too. But then came the entrees. The duck was wayyyyyy oversalted. Clearly the duck was brined but someone lost control of the salt with the rest of the dish.  The breakfast with eggs were requested over easy. One egg was cooked well but the other still had a clear white. The shrimp and grits were oily with grease or butter but the person liked the flavors. The catfish eaters said that it was okay but the rolls were not great. Was the food bad? No. Was the service bad? No. Would any of the six of us go back? No.  
At the end we heard the couple to my left Complain to the waitress that her eggs weren't cooked. And then the waiter
Brought over the manager to the table to our right and he said to one of the men  "I'm sorry your meal wasn't right."  We don't know what that issue was. Based on all the other amazing reviews we can only think that either the chef was out of town on Sunday or they have a new chef who needs to be replacedOne of the restauranteur family, the Brennan's, offerings. Just stopped in for lunch after a morning in City Park. Great taste of NOLA. The turtle soup was excellent. Get an extra splash of sherry to really open the flavor. Not a fan of oysters, but had to try the smoked/grilled ones here and they were good. Vicky, our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The manager even came over and spent some time chatting with us. Would definitely recommend if in the area.It was my birthday and an important one at that.  I took a gamble and left the touristy scene to go towards City Park and have dinner at a Brennan's restaurant.  I think I ate here in a previous existence with a New Orleans boyfriend, but I digress.
Everything was amazing. The service was very good, and 
I remember New Orleans, from when I lived in Louisiana, as the most wonderful dining city.  It still is.  I also remember people dressing for dinner at a nice restaurant.  So it was to my shock and dismay that I saw two men sit down next to us wearing ball caps.  I wanted to invite their wives to leave with us, because I just cannot imagine... 
Go right away -- you will not be disappointed (at least with the dishes I recommend).We had fish that was bland.  The waiter-recommended fried chicken was only average.  We had to flag down our waiter (Barry) a couple of times to remind him about things he forgot.  
Overall, on our second visit to Ralphs on the Park, we were disappointed.  The food should have been much better and the service was lacking.  For the prices and the Brennan's reputation, we expected much more.I really want to leave two reviews, one for the service and ambience and one for the food.  The service was fantastic. We were having a very small wedding shower at the restaurant and the server and manager couldn't have been nicer. They accommodated my request for dessert and were very attentive to our needs the who,e time we were there. Ralph's is a great place for things like this. They have rooms you can use for more privacy but with only 8 people the main restaurant was perfect. Our waiter was quite content letting us sit and open the few presents we had and we never once felt rushed to get up from our table. Very fun atmosphere and wonderful staff. Now the food.  The majority of the table had the crawfish Benedict. This dish is exactly as the name implies. This dish should have been outstanding. Tangy hollandaise and spicy crawfish on one of their delicious biscuits. Sadly it was not. First of all the food was barely warm, bordering on cold. The grilled veggies, which were the side, were cold. There was no seasoning whatsoever on the crawfish and the hollandaise had no taste at all. I was really disappointed. The corned beef hash was warm and the small bite I had was good. It's not your typical hash. The corned beef were cubes of corned beef not shredded like in a hash. That didn't make it any better or worse just different. Their biscuits were DELICIOUS. Warm and flaky and with just that hint of saltiness that makes for the best biscuits. They were light and fluffy and even though they looked as if they might be dense they were not. I wish I had just ordered a plate of biscuits for my brunch. The bottomless mimosas were well ladled with champagne and they were definitely not stingy with the refills. My glass was always full. If your a coffee drinkers, they serve a French press, not just a cup. I had decaf and was not impressed with it. It was very bitter and no amount of cream could help it. I would have preferred just a good old cup of New Orleans Java. No need to serve fancy French press when you already have some of the best coffee.My brother took me here the dinner during my visit to NOLA. The restaurant is adorable, beautiful decor with southern flair. The hostess sat us at our table immediately and the server brought us water as we got settled. 
The menu had a nice selection and can tell that they like to provide a southern twist to their dishes. We ordered the French fries with truffle mayo- which I was disappointed the fries looked pressed rather then freshly cut.  For an upscale restaurant I would think they can offer fresh cut potatoes. 
I ordered the beef "pot roast" which turned out to be a perfectly cooked filet with the yummiest sauce that had mushrooms, carrots, and peas. The steak was perfectly medium rare and sauce was nicely cooked. My only criticism that the dish was heated so the good got cold real quick!
This is an upscale restaurant so the service was up there but little details of food preparation does not match up with the price of the dish.Nice location. Good service. Okay food. Good deal for a nice place-- $28 for 3 small plates and a glass of wine. I appreciated the ability to try several things-- but the food could have been better. I felt like everything was a little too salty-- but it was imaginative and beautifully plated. No regrets. I had the brown butter spaetzle and broiled oysters. My favorite thing was the City Park salad with romaine and baby red oak leaves and little pieces of apple and bacon and stilton. The BBQ shrimp looked great. The husband had chicken livers, turtle soup and citrus lacquered pork belly. His fav small plate was the chicken livers. He said they were top notch.The food at Ralph's on The Park was good, buit its the location, the view and the atmosphere that makes this place so special. We liked it so much we decided to have our wedding reception here. 
Went for dinner on Friday night. We ordered the oyster appetizer which was dissapointing but they served a big hunk of french bread and whipped butter with it, so all was not lost. I ordered the BBQ shrimp at the reccomendaiton of our server. It was rich and delicious. My fiance ordered the lamb chop. He also enjoyed his. 
The room for or reception is just beautiful, and the private bar on the balcony really sealed the deal for me. I can't hardly wait till the big day.Visiting New Orleans we wanted to find a place for a nice dinner and while Ralph's was okay, it wasn't as excellent as other place we had been during our visit. The ambience was nice and the service was very attentive. A few of our dishes were outstanding (especially from the Oktoberfest menu) but most were just okay, so a bit disappointing. If visiting again, I think we would go elsewhere.We had our rehearsal dinner here. If you are looking for a group setting, please choose this place. Everything was outstanding, no issues. You will not be disappointed.Wish wish wish they would open the balcony on days they don't have upstairs reservations.  The view is wonderful, service impeccable. ..food very good.Exquisite food bursting with a perfect blend of flavors. The chef has a special talent, and we are lucky that he shares it with us here. Outdoor seating is a nice new addition.Great place to catch old' style New Orleans.  Food wasn't memorable, but great for brunch and a stroll in the park afterwards.All was wonderful with the exception of the Turtle soup.  Wasn't the typical Brennan family batch! Three of us ordered it as a normal staple and we must have really caught them in an off night.  Sherry couldn't help.  Otherwise great atmosphere, food and service!Dinner was very enjoyable!  Nice service despite being busy. Had the broiled oysters, bistro tender. Everything was wonderful but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was everything needed a little salt lol!  The creme brûlée was definitely 5 star and be sure to experiment with the wide varieties of after-dinner coffees with a kick! :)This place missed the mark badly.  Tonight we decided to head to Ralph's on the park because we're celebrating my fathers Bday.  
First, when we walked in we were not greeted.   We weren't sure how the place exactly worked.   This because when u walk in there is a large open room on the right. This was the dining room & immediately on your left sits a desk like hostess station.  Maybe if a hostess was in front at this desk it would have made sense.  However, we ended-up moving past this station & veering left into the bar.   Maybe this is on purpose, but honestly we ended up looking at each other like "where do we go".   I moved back into the dining room where a wait or could tell I need some help.  He took our name, found our reservation & seated us.  This was approx 5:30-6pm. 
Second, once we sat it took awhile for the waiter to greet us.  There was another big table of 6 or 7 next to us already into the first part of their meal.  Our waiter visited this table prior to greeting our table.  This wasn't that big a deal. 
We were given our menus & provided drinks.  The waiter ran through specials as well.  We decided to order the whole meal right then and there.  
Third - The Good Apps We ordered 1:Smoked Oysters (definite smoke flavor, good crunch & nice creamy sauce).  Only complaint were some oysters were very very large.  I like my oysters on a dish like this to be small & quaint. 2:FoieGras w PeanutButter & Banana(this dish sounds crazy, however it had texture flavor & the seared FoieGras was great.  I only wish the seared banana piece was bigger). 3:DuckItalian Sausage Gumbo(Very good dish, the roux was perfect, flavored we're rich & was surprised how much I enjoyed the Italian sausage instead of andouille).
The Bad Apps We Ordered
Truffle French Fries - I think this dish was straight trash.  I expected fresh, thick, well fried(maybe w bacon fat or duck fat),  crispy fries.  However, we received horribly fried, soggy, limp thin fries.  How depressing.  I next expected some grated truffle pieces within the fries.  I didn't see any truffle pieces, so I grabbed a limp fry as sad as it was and ate one.  I looked at everyone and asked, "does anyone taste truffles"?  Of course a few people w/out pallets said "yes".  A few people also said "no".  I then noticed the small white ramekin.  The truffle was this crappy white sauce with truffles in it that u had to dip your limp frys in.  HORRIBLE DISH, unfortunately we had a big group & wasted the $$$ on 2 of these dishes.  I would have sent it back, but the table had already eaten to much. 
Fourth - Entrees 
The good - Nothing
The bad - EVERYTGING 
This is what we ordered :
I had the Gnocchi - it was the worst gnocchi dish I've ever had.  Even those bad pallet people I discussed earlier stated my gnocchi "sucked".  Everything was mushy, no flavor or delicate texture.  That gnocchi was so bad that restaurant should be embarrassed. 
The duck - the crackling was sub par - the duck meat was okay.  This was the only one of two dishes edible.  However the one bad thing on this dish was water rice that came with it was said to be horrible.  I'm not sure I didn't taste it. 
The fried chicken - I didn't tats this, actually the person at the table that had this probably has the worst pallet of everyone at the table.  That said he slammed the fried chicken down.  Well honestly, I'm not that impressed that a Fine Dining restaurant could make fried chicken good.  We maybe I am since they weren't able to fry French frys properly. 
The steak with the FoieGras butter - I think the response when I asked about this dish was "the butter tastes good".  Well no $&@?, FoieGras & butter tastes good???  I can promise you the this steak dish looked like crap.  My mother was one of two who purchased this dish, & I could even see her picking around in the dish.  She wasn't happy with it at all but wanted to remain positive. 
RibEye Steak - my brother in-law purchased this.  He stated it was C- level at best.  He are it but wasn't happy. 
My fiancée selected the pork dish.  The pork had a very funny taste. It almost tasted like it was basted with Tabasco.   Nothing against Tabasco however I don't want a Tobasco crust on a pork dish.  I will say her rice that came with it was also horrible.  
Needless to say we immediately sent 2 of these dishes back.  I honestly wanted to have every dish sent back.  Unfortunately, some of the others had due to hunger are to much to be able to send it back.  
The waiter came by and absolutely did his job by offering us new dishes but we refused.  When that much stuff comes back that bad something is very wrong with your kitchen.  All I could do was look around the room and think, "how do people actually eat & spend $$ at this place".  
I can't write the whole review because I just ran out of space.  However, we ended by getting some desert.  If you go to Ralph's definitely order the citrus&cream desert.  WOW, that desert blew my socks off.Lunch reservations for 1:30p. Tables not ready until 2:15p and our party of 14 scattered across the restaurant. Wamp.
UPDATE (10/18/14):
After all were reseated and arranged, I was overall satisfied at the creativity displayed by the management to accommodate our party of twelve adults and two babies. My wife missed out on the meal she ordered, but we walked out with all limbs in tact and heart beating, so I cannot complain too much. Bumped to three stars.Beautiful place to stop for a drink and a view of city park.  The bartenders are always lively and courteous, and they make an excellent Pimm's cup on a muggy New Orleans day. They're a bit on the pricier side but their turtle soup and catfish with the smoky grit cakes were quite tasty on a toasty Sunday morning.  And as a bonus, they do bottomless mimosas.  ;)Ralph oh ralph,
Im not sure about you. I was impressed with your creative cocktails at the bar, but was dissapointed with the food.
The menu is small and the items arent very interesting.  For an upscale restaurant, I was hoping for delicous food, and it was just OK...with my fish being less than good.  
I hate to give you 2 stars based on one visit, especially since service was good, but I just wasnt impressed. If I lived in the area I would go for drinks not for dinner.Excellent overall dining experience. The dining room is very nice with a great view of the park, request a table along the windows. The service from start to finish was excellent, her recommendations were great, try the crepe and shrimp and melaton soup.I ordered the wahoo and it was inedible.  I sent it back.  They offered another dish, but it was much too late in the meal.  I ended up eating half of my wife's trout.  The trout was great,
The rest of the meal was good....but we could not get the waiter's attention for 5 minutes about the bad dish.I know that this place has been around forever and that it's a local spot and something of a New Orleans "staple" or so I am told but I was highly unimpressed.  The location is spectacular and the service was very good but the food was uninspiring and just blah... It was worth going once to try something new but I will not be going back again and I don't recommend it unless you are totally out of other options.Took my Mom when she came for a visit, very impressed. Delicious food impeccable service and a great view. Only downside was, it got a bit loud, hence the 4 stars.This is a beautiful restaurant. We dined with a large group and it was not good. Food was served cold and 2 hours after being seated. The City Park salad was very good and served a little more promptly than the main dish. The redfish was below average. Service was slow and with a poor attitude.  It is off our list.Our friend lives off of city park, so we walked down on a Sunday to a nice crowd and nice view of the park from the restaurant. We were greeted warmly and seated and we had some wine and appetizers. I had wanted the Sangria, but they said they were all out of it. Oh, well. Wine was ok, but was really wanting the home made Sangria. 
We had some nice dishes of truffle fries and aioli as well as some nice bread and some other seafood dishes. Our dinners were nice, but they did feature an ala carte menu and I am thinking next time, I may just suffice with the apps and skip the dinner as a few apps were enough. 
Dessert, since were with our friend consisted of the Chocolate Bar, ice cream and Banana's foster, which were all amazing. A nice restaurant near the park and we had a good time. I'd recommend it.Very disappointing.  I walk in, and I"m like "Oh, this is nice.  Very cute place".  But sadly, the food was nothing to rave home about it.  The deal breaker was when we were served undercooked rice with our gumbo.  I'm sorry, but how can you not know how to cook rice?Celebrated a birthday today. Brunch. I had the fried oysters and the shrimp and grits. Also tried the beet salad. All were excellent!! The shrimp and grits were buttery good. Oyster and beet salad were light and refreshing. Service was in point. Corinne checked on us often enough. At the right moments. Made sure we had drinks and water filled!!I love the feel of the restaurant and the view of beautiful City Park.  This is a great place for a romantic meal and get the old New Orleans feel.  The lamb is excellent but a little small... which gives you more room for some wine, right?  We had a weird king cake dessert which I immediately regretted.I recently had dinner at Ralph's On The Park, 900 City Park Ave
New Orleans, LA, 70119
(504) 488-1000
The ambience of this establishment was both warm and classy. One can expect to have a comfortable meal here.
The service was exquisite and very professional. Making reservations was easy and when I needed to change my reservation, that was easy as well.
The wait staff was attentive, without being bothersome. My waiters, Jenn and Charles were very polite, classy and knowledgable about the menu.
My appetizer, which Jenn recommended, was awesome!
I had been anticipating dining at this restaurant for quite some time so my biggest disappointment was the entrée. While the flavors were good, the textures of the lamb were tough and the beans hard.  :-(
In spite of being disappointed, I do plan on giving them a second chance to impress me soon.What a great place to schedule a girls' night!  I had dinner with a few of my "mom" friends Friday night and we had a great time.
I definitely recommend reservations, because they book up.  They are offering a "3 apps and a glass of wine" special right now for $33!  It's a great price and the apps are so delicious.
I ordered a burrata and tomato salad that was just what I was looking for.  There were a couple of different tomato varieties, and they were sweet and tangy.  The salad was lightly and brightly dressed, and the burrata was super creamy. 
I also had the tuna appetizer.  It's kind of a napoleon of tuna.  There is a tuna tartare on the bottom with a sweet sort of dressing and there were three slices of seared tuna on top.  The sear was perfect, as the tuna was still cool on the inside.  It was also very fresh tasting.  No fishiness whatsoever.  I loooooved it!
My last appetizer was the brussels sprouts with fried halloumi cheese.  The brussels sprouts were perfectly cooked!  They were browned on the outside, and still firm to the bite.  The cheese was cut into these little squares and tossed into the cooked sprouts.  So yummy!
I had the Cab Franc on the menu and was quite impressed.  I'm not much of a wine drinker, but really liked it.  It was sort of sweet, but not overly so.  
Overall, we had a great night.  Our server was wonderful.  She never rushed us and was helpful and willing to answer any questions we had about the menu.We visited the restaurant for a wedding reception and the food and service was great.  The terrace had great seating that overlooks the gorgeous City Park and convenient free valet parking.First off, my review is only pertinent for people on special diets-- my meat-eating friends LOVED their meals and would give the place a 4 or 5 star!  So if you aren't vegan, veggie or gluten-free, carry on to the next review!!
So, I have to be honest, I was sort of looking forward to eating at Ralph's on the Park to see what deliciousness they could come up with since there are definitely no vegan entrees on the menu.  They cooked up a stir-fry for me, which was DELICIOUS!  It consisted of some lovely mushrooms, green beans, squash, roasted tomatoes and a balsamic reduction.  It was all very tasty and maybe one and a quarter cups worth of veggies MAX!   Which would have maybe been okay, but they charged me for the gnocchi dish (which obviously has more substance than veggies stir-fried).  
Twenty-five bucks for the stir-fry (without tax or tip), and I was a starving girl a mere hour later!  Meh.... my parents want to go to Ralph's the next time they are in town; I will be sure to eat ahead and just join them for drinks....Absolutely wonderful  !!! I am from Vegas where we have some of the finest of restaurants, so that been said I can be a little jaded. This restaurant wowed me. From the second I walked into the door, Steve the manager was all over it to make sure I was happy. It was my husband and my 21st anniversary and he was more then accomdating. Then there is the food, it was amazing. The presentation and the tastes were incredible.there was not one thing I had that I didn't just love. Nicole our waitress was so very nice. The view of the park is also very nice and relaxing. I will recommend this lovely restaurant to anybody I know coming to the New Orleans area. Thank you again for making this a wonderful experience.Can't say enough about this place! My 10 girlfriends and I had such a wonderful bday brunch experience! Free flowing champagne, decorated table, personalized menus, they pulled out all the stops! Food was just delicious and the service was great! This place never disappoints!Not sure why this place gets under 4 stars on Yelp, it's a fantastic restaurant. Not cheap for sure but really delicious food, on the fancy side. Need a taxi to get there, as it's a few miles away from the French Quarter/downtown area, and you pass through some shady parts of town on the way, but the restaurant itself is very nice. Appetizer I recommend the fried oyster. Foix gras was ok. Rib eye wrapped scallops and crawfish rib eye filet were spectacular. Entrees in the 20s-30s. Banana bread pudding was great for dessert. If you have a special occasion or want a nice meal I highly recommend this place.Beautiful space and I love the thought of brunch here. Today, I was reminded why this isn't a go-to spot for us. Service was slow and food was mediocre. We arrived on time for our reservation and ordered a cocktail immediately upon being seated. Then we waited. Twenty five minutes before receiving our first drink. Food took awhile as well (not as long as the drinks), and it was room temp when it arrived. New Orleans has too many good restaurants to settle for slow service and mediocre (expensive) food. Taking this one off our list.One of our favorite spots for lunch, dinner, or Sunday brunch. Our family eats there pretty regularly. The food is consistent, drinks are exceptional, and staff is welcoming. All around great dining experience.Great food in a very upscale environment.  This restaurant is literally across from city park.  I had their brunch.  The steak and eggs was one of the best I've ever had.A great place for a special occasion. The food is of course fabulous and creative. The ambience is fun and relaxed. They have extras like special personalized menus for birthdays and anniversaries. The service is exceptional and friendly.My Friday night dinner at Ralph's was my third time eating here. Each time has been a great experience: excellent service and delicious food. The portions are not huge and the prices aren't small, but it's what you expect from that type of restaurant. This particular trip, I started with turtle soup and got a soft shell crab special for dinner- both were delicious. My dining companions got the wedge salad, crawfish Daniel salad, oyster appetizer, and brown butter fish entree- every bite was eaten and enjoyed!A bit pricy and small on the portions, but overall very tasty food and excellent service. Nice atmosphere with good views of city park.We just had my daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner there. Let me tell you, that was the BEST steak I have ever had in my life. It was perfectly cooked and had some type of blue cheese sauce that was to die for. The food was absolutely delicious and the portion sizes were tremendous.  We were in a private dining room upstairs and the service was top notch. A complete five star experience all the way around!!  Everyone commented on how much they enjoyed the evening.
P.S.  If you are ordering from the private party menu, GET THE STEAK!!! Dang it was good!Went here on a date for a Sunday brunch. I started with the Lemon Basil Bloody Mary, which was so refreshing. This was the first Bloody Mary I had in years, because for a very long time I didn't trust anyone but my good friend Zazz to make a reliable Bloody Mary. Well, lucky for me, folks in nola seem to know what they're doing, so I can order them without hesitation.
Then I got the Eggs Sardou with crabmeat. Since my time in Paris, where my host family and I had steamed artichokes almost every week, I have a special place in my heart for artichokes. I have always loved Eggs Benedict, so when I saw that I could get spinach, artichoke hearts, and crabmeat with my poached eggs, I jumped on the opportunity. It was delicious. I still need to learn how to poach eggs so I can make my own fancy breakfast...
My date got the Braised Lamb and seemed to enjoy it a lot.
Anyway, the brunch didn't end there. We *had* to get dessert. After asking the server what dessert to get and she pretty much told us that everything was delicious, we got the chocolate mousse cheesecake. Ahh, it's everything I could ask for in a dessert. It's like you get the best of both worlds. You get chocolate mousse AND cheesecake. I liked it a lot. It was the perfect amount of sweet to end our meal.Waited 20 minutes for our drinks.  Our appetizers came out about 10 minutes before the cocktails.  Waitress apologized and said she'd get them taken off the bill.  Bill came, they were still on it.  Manager came over.  We explained what happened.  He apologized and then told waitress to hand us the bill.  No change.  Drinks still on there.  If you choose to go here, hope you don't have an issue.  Management won't help.We went Sunday, on a whim and all though it was packed and there was a 30 minute wait the hostess seated us at the bar which was an excellent alternative.  My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful mimosa brunch with BBQ shrimp and grits and Eggs Sardou.  The food was great and the bartender was informative and friendly over all the food was lovely and the service even better!We made reservations a few days  after Christmas and we quite pleased. The service was fantastic as well as the drinks. The food was very nicely done and presented well. It was a little loud in there but there was also a group of 10-12 having a New Years luncheon. Overall, excellent food with a beautiful view of the park.Great ambiance with old New Orleans charm. We were at brunch with the beautiful City Park oaks outside the window. The shrimp and grits were excellent with 6 huge shrimp. The shrimp were with heads on and can be a little intimidating for a non New Orleaner. Others had Catfish that was fried and well spiced on top of a great grit cake. The bottomless Mimosa's rounded out the meal. Very friendly wait staff, Corrine thanks for making it a pleasant experience.Food was delicious, we had pork chops, filet minion, tuna, red fish. The steak was ordered Medium, I would not go any more than that. It came with a light coating of béchamel. All the food melted in your mouth. the pork chops  came bone in over sweet potatoes with chili greens ( so don't order them as a side :) ) the fish had multiple sauces which where unbelievable.I hate writing bad reviews, but I feel compelled to warn others and hopefully encourage the management to change something.  I took my parents here for their birthday, wanting something different outside the downtown area.   The restaurant itself is lovely.  Great ambiance, wonderful decor.  The view of City Park was enchanting.  The staff was pleasant, professional and helpful.  And that's where all the good things end.   They apparenlty change their menus monthly. . and October's menu was a bomb.   I actually struggled trying to find something to eat.   We started with the blue crab beignets.  These are not beignets at all.  They are fried crab balls.  Not a lot of crab in them, but plenty of mushy soggy bread crumbs.  Not unpleasant, but not pleasant either.  My mother got the BBQ shrimp, and it was ok.   It's not Mr. B's. (that's great BBQ shrimp!)   And I mention that only because I know the owner has an interest in Mr. B's as well.   The presentation was unpleasant.  The color of their sauce is more reminiscent of mud than any type of sauce.   The taste was good, but not great.  It was probably the best thing we had.   My father had the speckeled trout whole fish.   First, it was served with the head on.   Ever seen an overbroiled head on fish?  Not pleasant.  They should have taken at least the head off.  It was a bit ghoulish.  The fish was slightly overcooked and the seasoning did not make it through to the meat but seemed to cling to the skin.   I had the lobster thermidor glazed ribeye.  First, if that was a ribeye, I'm a monkey's uncle.  It was maybe, and I mean maybe, a quarter inch thick.  Despite being prepared medium rare, it had the consistency of shoe leather and none of the characteristic marbling found in good ribeye.  I also noted it was almost a perfect rectangle in shape.  I stand by that couldn't have been a ribeye.  It was smothered in this lobster glaze which was way to salty and more gruyere cheese than there was meat. I'm a big red meat eater; I couldn't eat but 1/2 of this tiny steak before my jaw and stomach issued a cease and desist order.  For dessert we had the white chocolate banana bread pudding. . passing, but nothing to die for . . .and the chocolate duet which again was passing.  I think what so disappoints me about this restaurant is I know Ralph Brennan can do better.  It will be a long time before I give this one a second look.  I do wish them the best and look forward to an opportunity for them to show me real progress on the choices and the quality of the dishes they serve.I had a divine catfish atop smoked cheese grits. Delicious. Tasty bourbon drink. Great service. I would have liked some greens or a small salad with $18 lunch though. I would return:))There were nine of us for dinner this evening.  Everyone's meal was great. The vegetarian pasta dish was very good. Several of us had seafood- the Redfish and whole snapper which again were very good. Overall the service was attentive and good. Very fresh eating which is hard to come by in NOLA.We've lived walking distance from Ralph's for two years and finally made it over last night. The food was amazing. We got the baked oysters and City Park salad to start. Both were great. I had the snapper and my husband had the pork chop. My snapper was good, especially with the cauliflower purée. The pork chop was amazing; a greasy crust. We ended with the bread pudding, which was good as well. Our server, Mallory, was really personable and prompt. We will definitely be back!i went to ralphs on the park part of a wedding party, the food was decided on before hand and we had the choice or steak of fish. my husband and i both got the steak. The steak was big but i had to send mine back because it was over done ( the replacement steak was perfect!). in general everything was fine but i wouldn't rush back.Ralph's was a decent meal.  We ate here on a Saturday night to celebrate getting through the holidays.  Service was excellent, ambiance was classy and the food was decent.  Here's the breakdown.
I usually don't lead off talking about the service, but I found our waiter refreshingly good.  He was prompt, unintrusive and friendly.  I think his name was David.  He applauded our every order and helped direct us to the right entree for what we were craving.  Turns out we did not like the entree, but David didn't cook it.  So how can I fault him.
On to the food.  We did 3 rounds.  We did some pre-apps, appetizers and split an entree.  For pregame, I had the turtle soup and Shari V had the truffle fries.  She is quite the fry enthusiast.  Truffle soup was very tasty.  It had a light base, well flavored and not overpowering.  It ranked in my top 3 turtle soups.  The fries were great.  They came with black truffle mayo, which I mistook for aioli.  At any rate, they were delicious.  Strong start to the meal.
For the next plating, we had braised beef in pumpkin seed mole.  Interested flavors but it was only ok.  We also had some lamb ribs.  It had a nice glaze, but they weren't exactly falling off the bone.  Maybe lambs ribs aren't as tender as pork or beef ribs.  It was my first lamb rib.  Flavor was slightly better than the braised beef.  Both small plates ranked around a 3/5.
For the entree we had a whole fish - lane snapper to be exact.  Haven't had a lane snapper until Saturday.  It was billed as a cousin to red snapper.  I wasn't thrilled with the flavor or lack thereof.  It was cooked well, but it just tasted like a bland fish.  Shari V and I both asked for some extra lemon wedges and kind of self seasoned.  I found that sad.  
I liked Ralph's and the food has potential.  I think Shari V and I misordered, particularly our entree.  Ralph's is a classy place and has a nice backdrop with city park.  We will repeat.  I for sure will grab a turtle soup.  Shari V will get more fries.  Then maybe we'll have better luck with another entree.My date and I went to the Sunday Brunch here and had a fantastic time. The name leaves nothing to the imagination; it is Ralph's, and it is right on City Park. The atmosphere of the interior is a well suited light complexion that really added to the mood. 
Both my date and I had the three course brunch special. She had the red bean cakes and I had the braised lamb over grits. All of it was quite good. I feel bad that I do not have much to say about Ralph's, but I feel that is a good thing, We were treated exactly as one would expect from a restaurant as this. The food was very good and filling, so I feel that we got a bang for our buck so to speak. 
All in all, it was a very delightful experience and I would recommend it to anyone. Nothing above and beyond one would expect, but they do their job and do it well. Easily a four star experience.This is the second time I've been to Ralph's and it's forgettable food again. I remembered the place, where I sat, and after I read the menu I remembered what I ordered last time, the tuna two ways. Wanting to try something different, I ordered some oysters and a veggie plate this go around. The oysters were deep fried so all the flavor and delicacy of the oyster was list. The risotto bed was lackluster. 
The vegetable plate was much better. It consisted of cauliflower, brussel sprouts, quinoa, and a cold ?cheese? swipe. Cauliflower was delicious and the brussel sprouts also were good. I only wish the cheese swipe wasn't cold, but the veggies was tasty.
After two food orders, I'll come here to drink, and maybe snack on the truffles fries (which I haven't tried) but not eat dinner. 
The staff is friendly and make the place, especially Tito! A star for Tito in this review!Great food!  Don't knock the drink of New Orleans "The Sazerac" until you've had it here first.On of our favorite restaurants. Every part of the dining experience is first class at Ralphs. The facility is unique. We love the location. The food and service is top notch. The prices are fair. You don't feel gouged. We recommend Ralph's all the time. Easy to park and come and go. We can't say enough:)we had our rehearsal dinner here during Mardi Gras in their upstairs rooms.  It was lovely, intimate and delicious.  It was a great show of the New Orleans hospitality and just a taxi ride away from the hustle.  There was a beautiful private balcony for our guests to enjoy a drink beforehand, and lovely table service.  The planning process was easy and very reasonably priced for the quality of food.If you're into snobby food this is the place for you. I recently went to Ralph's for a Christmas luncheon. The food was quite pricey, and the service was poor. Our server rarely came to our table, and seemed irritated when our party asked if we could push our tables together. Because it was my first time visiting I decided to play it safe and order the Royale with cheese (a cheeseburger). The meat had little flavor and the steamed bun was pretty hard. I've heard that their drinks are good, so if I decide to return, maybe I will just have a drink.Love the bar. Food is delicious, portions are appropriate. Great list of wines by the glass.I have been going here more recently for drinks in the bar. It's a really nice, classy bar - great place to meet/go for a date.  However, the food in the main dining room is also fantastic. I've literally never had a bad meal here and have been many times for brunch, lunch, dinner, special group events upstairs, big group dinners in the main dining room.  I have always been able to rely on this place for a great place to take people visiting from out of town - regardless of their palate because the menu is very diverse. I've been so many times and tried lots of things so it's hard to make a recommendation other than by saying don't be afraid to try anything.  The lobster eggs benedict and shrimp and grits at brunch are fantastic,  on the lunch menu try the shrimp pasta, and for the dinner menu...hmmm...I think the last thing I had was the duck and it was phenomenal.  You can always rely on everything being perfectly seasoned and prepared.  They're also great about making changes, if possible, if you have allergies or don't like something.  Some dishes just can't be changed though because of how they're marinated, of what's in the sauce, etc.Honestly, I am in love with this place. I love the look, the brunch, dinner, and the bottomless mimosa's for $14.99! I am very impressed with the service. However, the last person I went with to this resturant with did not enjoy the chicken and waffles for brunch. BTW I can't get enough of those truffle fries! xoxoTook my chef boyfriend here for a birthday dinner. Great ambiance -- fancy enough for special occasions, but not at all stuffy. (The lite jazz on the music system I could live without, but that's my personal hangup.)
Beautiful dining room, lovely views, FANTASTIC service.
Wine list was great, and we were very pleased with our selection.
Food:
APPS:
The Oysters Rockerfeller Reprised: AMAZING. The spinach custard alone was incredible. You should order this.
Wild Mushroom Ravioli: very good -- earthy and rich. They offer it as an entree, but I think that would be too much for me. We shared the app portion, and I was happily satisfied.
ENTREES:
I had the lump crabmeat and tomato salad. The waiter asked if I wanted to add fried P&J oysters to it, and I happily said yes. They were delicious. The salad and dressing were great -- tomatoes bursting with flavor. I could have done with about twice as much tomatoes as were there, but then again, I LOVE me some tomatoes. The crabmeat... tasted good. BUT I found probably 20 pieces of shell in my little scoop. I expect to find a piece or two when I eat crabmeat, but this was way over the top. So: if they get a new supplier, I would recommend it. But proceed with care: small bites are best.
He got the New York Strip and RAVED about it. He doesn't usually like brussels sprouts, but he said these ones were excellent, thanks to the sauce. Potatoes were also delicious. 
He ordered a side of creamed mushrooms, and they were really good. But they are very strong, so order with caution. The cream texture / aftertaste was a little overwhelming to me. It's the only bit of food we didn't finish.
Highly recommended! Just beware the crabshell.U must admit that i frequent top notch locations and Ralph's has fallen short of this.  Upon entry there seems to be an air of stuffiness followed by the service staff welcoming you in a condescending manner.This is our go to restaurant for out of town guests or for special occasions. Service is superb, food from appetizers to dessert are delicious and unique, great ambiance inside & to look out the front window or balcony at City Park is awesome.  We celebrated my birthday tonight & what a surprise to see my name on the top of the menu wishing me a happy birthday! Katie was our server & couldn't have asked for a nicer, friendly & attentive person to make our evening memorable!Great spot to slip in for a night cap as long as your go to bed early, as they close at an unusually early hour for a city like NOLA.  Otherwise it's a white table cloth establishment with great ambiance overlooking City Park.Just attended a luncheon that was serving a chicken gumbo and chicken entree. Two of us asked if possible to have a vegetarian meal instead. The roasted butternut squash soup was amazing and the plate of grilled vegetables with balsamic vinegar and two delightful purees were amazing. The meat eaters at my table were jealous. Thank you to the chef who with little preparation put together a fantastic meal. I even ate my bread pudding and I rarely eat bread pudding! I regret I didn't take a picture of the entree but it was too good to wait.Attended a NOWFE Vintner dinner with wine pairings from Stag's Leap Winery from Napa. Food was predominantly good & I liked most of the wines/champagne, but I didn't care much for the pairings as a whole. The dinner was in the upstairs dining room which was hot all night long after repeated requests to turn the A/C down a bit. There didn't seem to be enough wine as it v was poured and predominantly gone before the course was discussed & served.  (Especially true for the Red Wine served with the main steak course. )(Also to note that I've attended 6 of these NOWFE dinners at various restaurants over the years and there was never a shortage of wine!) Overall liked the food, liked the wines, but wouldn't have combined them as they did.Ralph's had great service but it is not a place to go out to eat at if your hungry. I enjoyed it but my wife didn't so much. We went for one of our Anniversaries.Top noche restaurant in the heart of NOLA mid city.  Directly across from City Park, what a better locale?  My only gripe is there's off street parking but it's only for valet, otherwise you can park up and down City Park Avenue.
Fine dining and definitely a must go.  The service is impeccable, down right A1.  
As expected the pricing is comparable to the top of the line service received, but you only live once and this is a must go!