Aside from the amazing juice selection, Raw Republic has an upstairs where magic happens. If you don't believe in magic, the upstairs of Raw will change your beliefs. 
Upstairs, cosmetics and healing tinctures are sold. The room is bright and welcoming and there are large stones that clear the space of negative energy. Just the smell of the room is healing. 
But lets talk about the magic. There are holistic practitioners and healers up there and they will change your life. No matter what you need (acupuncture, holistic healing, energy work, meditation) upstairs at raw has it going on. 
I have a lot of issues with anxiety and stress, so along with therapy I decided to try acupuncture. Noell Eans has changed my life. After every session with her I always feel like I have made a breakthrough. She also does energy work which I have also found helpful. While many people reach for a bottle of some sort (pills or other things) to help them cope with their stresses and mental ailments, I have found Noell. I am now a strong believer of meditation not medication. 
New Orleans needs a place like Raw and I am so happy that it exists. Go schedule an appointment with one of the amazing healers at Raw. You will not be disappointed.Very cool little spot!  Ventured in here with my mom and my sister and picked up a bottle of the beet blend----it was delicious!  For 9 bucks a bottle it's a little pricy but the girl at the counter was super knowledgeable and very helpful.  They also have some cool little snack mixes and oils for purchase.Great selection of juices and some banging raw food. Coco donuts are the bomb! Friendly staff and in a cool little location. Prices are high but you get a lot of bang for your buck. Also check out the free samples and pick a juice that's right for you!I adore this place. It is a great stop if you would like to pick up healthy foods, drinks, beauty products, a good book, or the like. The owners are very kind and inviting, and I've had nothing but wonderful experiences with the staff as of yet. I have been juicing and eating mostly raw for 3+ years now and just moved to New Orleans, and it is so nice to find a store that exceeds my criteria so that I can be lazy and not make everything at home. Like all food items, there will be certain products that are less preferred to your own taste buds than others, but the quality of what they are delivering is consistently true to its description. I like to get a green juice and chocolate or cookies (or both?) ...because balance, right?Before walking through the doors of Raw Republic, I was not a "juice person;" I had sampled the green juice at Pure Barre, and I just had to get more. I went early one morning before class, and was immediately greeted. After admitting to being a first-timer, I was given a quick run down of the whole operation: each juice contains up to 3lbs of fruits and vegetables, they sit on the shelf for no longer than 72 hours, and use a special kind of juicer where the liquid isn't affected by heat, which would denature the proteins, or air. Needless to say, I was pretty impressed.
I purchased the lemon/cayenne juice and the green juice. Both drinks were extremely delicious, and the lady who helped me was exceedingly kind and helpful. 
If that doesn't convince you, do know that I'm a complete, total coffee addict, but having the lemon juice for breakfast in lieu of my usual cup made me alert and ready for the day just as coffee would without the side effects of caffeine.Dope spot for sure! The juice selections are creative and diverse, and Pamela was incredibly friendly and passionate, without any pretense. It's a little pricy, but the extra dollar or two you will pay as opposed to going to Whole Foods is well worth it.I just finish a 3 day smoothie and juice cleanse. I have never felt better. The smoothies and juice were all delicious. I was never hungry and even had juice left over. On day four I wasn't even looking forward to eating solids again I just wanted more raw republic!I can't call myself a juicer, much less a knowledgeable one... But I learn so much every time I go into Raw Republic - everyone is so helpful - the customer service is top notch!... As for the juices and smoothies- INCREDIBLE. I've done a few cleanses, and every single experience was fantastic, invigorating, and delicious :). I also wake up many days and literally CRAVE some of the juices - and happily drive all the way from Kenner to Uptown just to stock up.... The Pop Your Collard green juice rocks my world!!!Beautiful space, light open and simple decor. After eating my way thru New Orleans my daughter walked me into this gem of a spot. Simple raw food. My body hadn't eaten anything green in five days and RAW Republic saved me. I had an Asian Bowl and a lemon tonic. The salad was separated, greens on the bottom and toppings in a tray by itself on the top. I knew exactly what I was eating. DELICIOUS! The store has a space upstairs where you can eat, coupled with WIFI. GO NOW.Their juices are amazing, so refreshing and delicious. The nut milks are my favorite. I love that they use fresh ingredients so everything is super fresh. After each juice cleanse I always lose around 5-7 lbs, my skin looks better, and I have an increase in energy. Wish they had glass bottles instead of plastic or some sort of recycling process.I've tried almost every juice and smoothie Raw Republic has to offer.  If you are skeptical that a flavor combination might not taste good you should give it a shot anyway.  All of the smoothies that include kale and/or spinach are mixed with the right amount of fruit to even out the flavors, and they are really filling!  The carrot juice is by far my favorite, and when you see how bright the colors are you will realize that they are using the freshest ingredients available.Ok, I'll admit it. I'm not the healthiest person in the world but I do try. I eat fairly good food and try to take care of myself.
One thing that has always eluded me is juicing. You know- that thing where you go to the market, collect all of the healthiest fresh fruits and veggies you can find and take them home and pack them into your juicer. Well, I don't have the patience for that and I don't have a juicer. But I still want juice. Now what? Well, that's where Raw Republic comes in. They do all the work for you. Just stop in, pick out a bottle of what you are in the mood for, and just like that you are drinking down 3lbs of juiced fruits and veggies. Cool, huh?
I stopped in and headed over to the juice case. I picked out the greenest thing I could find (a kale, cucumber, parsley, apple and pineapple concoction) and quickly checked out. I should note that the owner was super nice. The juice was actually really good. Sure, it's an acquired taste since I'm not a regular juicer, but it made me feel healthier with every sip.
Raw Republic also sells vegan cosmetics and healthy cereal servings. Next week they will be offering raw dips. I'll definitely be back to check it all out.I had been feeling a bit sluggish so I decided to do a one day juice cleanse. After looking searching, I found Raw Republic. I am so happy I did! They were great and told me exactly what to do. The juices were amazing and delicious. I couldn't recommend them more for quality fresh pressed juice.Amazing acai bowls and smoothies plus great calming atmosphere upstairs!Grab and go raw cafe.  Tried several dishes and all were very good.  Sitting area upstairs if you wanna have sit down meal.  It's very clean and staff is kind.  WiFi is listed as available.  They have açaí bowls made to order.  Will try one next visit.I love this place, a positive contribution to the city.  The space upstairs is beautiful and they have a balcony to hang out on with your smoothie or juice.Tried their açaí bowl.  Freakin awesome.  A great number of flavors that worked wonderfully together.  Also did a two day juice cleanse.  They go all out and number the juices letting you know to drink when -- by doing it this way, it ensures your body is regulated throughout the day.  Juices were fresh and refreshing with great flavor.There are so many unique raw and almost raw dishes here, some of them are really good, others are ok, and this place is soooooo expensive! Though the workers and pretty friendly.I came in here with my cousin because she wanted to do a juice cleanse and I figured that I should have something healthy. As much as I LOVE sugar, I also love veggies and green juices. The juices here are super fresh and you can tell that they use quality ingredients. The girl working at the counter was also very helpful with explaining all the different types of juices and how to go about doing the cleanse. She was really patient with us as we took awhile to decide what we wanted and let us sample a few of the juices. I ended up leaving with the Basic Greens juice. Prices are ~$10/bottle, which is expensive but I feel like the juices here are fresher than the bottled Suja juices available at Whole Foods for about the same price. I don't think I'm tough enough to do a juice cleanse, but if were to, I would come back to RR!Omg!   Delicious goodness all in one place!  The protein balls were amazing and the green juice no.1 and deep roots juices were spectacular.Yes there are raw vegan options and fresh pressed juice but the options are limited and I think this place is overrated. Over priced bland avocado toast.Simply put, the juice is delicious. The staff is extremely nice and they can teach you a ton about the right juice for your body and mind situation. If you're looking for a hangover cure I recommend the Lemon Tonic (Yellow), it has pressed ginger and cayenne which gives it a little kick.They make some good meal replacement juices and smoothies here.  They have man varieties so there is something for everyone.
At first I thought the price was a little high, but after doing some research it appears that their prices are win line with other cold pressed juices from around the country.
They also have salads and snacks here.
I did a 3 day cleanse with them.  I didn't feel like it really did a ton for me, but I'm sure that I did receive some benefit based on what I was intaking for those 3 days.After stalking them on yelp since they opened I finally stopped by today. Very impressed. Super friendly and helpful staff! They let you sample before you buy which is awesome. A little pricey but that's the cost of quality.I'm often uptown, and this is my new "go to", especially for summer.   The ginger shot is a must!  You can't go wrong with any of the green juices.  Uber Eats is an awesome when you're grounded.A tad on the pricy side but so good every time. As an LA native, it was great to find a solid juice shop that uses only the best ingredients and unique recipes. Highly recommend their Thai greens and turmeric shot.I decided to try a one day juice cleanse. And I bought the package of juices from Raw Republic. They had a bag ready to go out and the thoughtful counterperson, checked the expiration dates on them... because one was already expired so that was swapped out.
I had a tough time drinking the lemon cayenne first drink. And I wasn't really that big on the two smoothies. But all the juice drinks were great, very flavorful and I really wasn't hungry all day. Although the next day all I wanted to do was eat crunchy foods, almonds, crackers whatever. 
The juice cleanse was a good excuse to hang around the house and read and do nothing else so that was a positive. Next I need to try some of their snacks.Great atmosphere and delicious items. The girl at the checkout counter could be a lot more helpful and friendly. Despite her, we will definitely try it again!Not only is this the highest quality juice in town, it is deliciously healing.  The staff is so helpful in picking out just the right juice for my needs.
And upstairs WOW such healing energy.  This is a great place to go for reiki and other energy healing services.I cover 14 states for my job so I travel a lot and I've just about tried every juice place in every one of the states... And this is one of if not the best juice shop I've ever been to. They try to have the best ingredients they possibly can. They have a unique collection of skincare oils. They have smoothies, juice, shots, and vegan goodies. It's in a fun location and the staff was awesome! As soon as I walked in I felt happy because of the young lady working there named Caitlyn. She had a huge smile on her face and you could tell she loved her job... And I love her long funky hair! She had great energy and helped me find exactly what I was looking for!I had a great experience with this juice bar. I decided to do a quick juice cleanse after a few weeks of fun in Louisiana with family and this place popped up in a quick google search. My juices were fresh and tasty! They were also easily marked for the 3 day cleanse, so I knew what to drink when. On the last day, I tried one of their southwest inspired wraps. Would definitely try again if I were in the area. A bit pricey but most juice places are.I needed to "detox" my body some and it was suggested to try juicing. I went in thinking I would be spending at least $100 on just a few things, but I was surprised at how reasonable the prices were! I got 6 juices/smoothies/tea and the salad and a bar and only spent $60. Good deal! The cute little blonde (I never got her name) spent a half hour with me (maybe more!) explaining the different kinds of juices and smoothies since I had never juiced before. I was able to sample any and all the juices. I absolutely love great customer service like that as well as the healthy advice she gave. I also bought a vegan Caesar salad and it was literally the most amazing thing I have ever eaten. I wonder if they'll give me the recipe? :)Absolutely love this place. I'm from Austin, Texas where local juices are a big deal. Raw did not disappoint. I did their three day cleanse which was much needed after eating so much amazing New Orleans food. I can't express how friendly the staff was, they're great! Love love love.I would give five stars if it wasn't so expensive. Geez I guess it must be the sacred water they import from Pluto haha. Anyway had the Aztec wrap I think and it was awesome! Really enjoyed the dip that it came with I even put my tongue in it to get the rest:) also the juice was very good as well. Was looking for something healthy and this fit the bill.  Nice place upstairs with balcony seating and nice people. If you weigh yourself after you will see you will have lost weight from the loss of it from your wallet :) still id go back and try something else. Very good.I stopped by this place while walking home. Walking inside, I see a BEAUTIFUL selection of juices and ready-made meals! But to my disappointment, there was nobody behind the counter. There was no, "will be back shortly," no bell to ring for service. I waited no longer than 5 minutes before I decided to leave empty handed. Sad that I didn't get to try this place from all the hype that I hear. I'll update this review whenever I actually get the chance to purchase something.I had just landed in New Orleans was craving something clean and delicious. Luckily I stumbled across Raw Republic while walking down Magazine Street! Upon walking in I new I would love everything about this place. They had a cooler full of fresh juices, golden milk, numerous salads and raw/vegan treats! They also have a full menu of smoothies, tonics and made-to-order dishes including avocado toast and a dreamy kale caesar. I decided to get the Iced Gracious: matcha, mint, vanilla, pine pollen, astragalus and he shou wu. It was delicious and unlike any other matcha I've had. A must get!So I'm in the middle of doing a company wide weight loss challenge and as a result of that I have been scouring the area to find healthy alternatives to build a nutritious diet. What I have found is that eating clean will be a little more expensive but the quality of food you get is very much worth it. You don't have to have a boring diet. One stop I made in my journey to lose weight was Raw Republic. I checked out their juices, milks, smoothies, and water. Very top notch, high quality products. The associates there are very kind, encouraging, and informative. I would recommend you try the cleanse they offer as well! Everything is non gmo, organic, fruit or nut based. No diary!! Give them a shot if you are making self improvements.Raw Republic is such a great addition to New Orleans.  The people that own it are friendly and helpful, and the juices are deliciously addictive. I tell everyone I know about this place.  They offer a high quality product that is so tasty, it even makes a juice cleanse bearable.  I love their juices - in fact, I have not had one that I do not like, and my 12-year old daughter loves them too.My friend introduced me to this place and I instantly feel in love! The place is so clean and aesthetically pleasing. The workers are so nice. Upstairs is so beautiful and it's so cute. The iced matcha drink is my favorite and I love the avocado toast. The place is kinda pricey but it is one of the few raw places in Nola.For both Raw Republic and The Vibrant Market  
Excellent products, friendly staff, great location and wonder zen atmosphere.  Grab a bite and juice from Raw Republic and pamper yourself with the testers upstairs - there is so much to try!  I was however surprised at the juice prices for size. I pay less than half the cost for twice the number of ounces at my regular location. It is great juice, but at those prices I wouldnt be a daily customer if i lived in town.I recently went here to get some things because I have a cold and I was extremely happy with my experience! I got the Immunity Shot, and Lemon Tonic and they were amazing! The employee working (I wish I had asked her name) was so wonderful and sweet! You are able to sample the juices before purchasing a full size one which is great. I will definitely be going back here more often!I don't come here quite often, but when I do, it never disappoints. The employees are very kind and friendly. Raw Republic is very small but has lots of character. It is great for grabbing and going. The juices are delightful, and I'm a huge fan of their açaí bowls and avocado toast.Love this place for everything! Owner is super incredible and dedicated to this business in all! I love when I am able to stop by for fresh juices and a meal. I love all of their juices and last had the kale Caesar salad and IT WAS AMAZING! I could eat it everyday! It is a little pricey but you have to keep in mind the quality of what you are buying.WOW! Did I mention WOW!
Organic healthy but most of all wow in your mouth and body. This is the greatest secret around - one I plan to use daily, as a personal trainer I know how awesome this is for your bodyConsistently A+ ambiance, juices, açaí bowls and service! Excited to try one of their juice cleanses!Their acai bowls are a dream. So delicious. The space is also quite nice for hanging out or studying. It is clean and well lit and very relaxing.I recently visited New Orleans and after stuffing my mouth with fried seafood, I was frantically searching for a juice bar to balance out the grease. I came across this cute little juice bar on Magazine and I was thrilled!! I ended up buying a bottle of coconut water and a ginger (and beets, perhaps? Not sure what it's called) drink. They tasted amazing...period. The coconut water was the best I've had this far! I had to drop by on my last day to grab 3 more bottles to try! I'm now back in Houston, opening my last bottle. :( I wish they would branch out to Houston!!!We needed something to balance out all of the alcohol.. This was it. Wonderfully fresh juice and raw snacks. Just what the doctor ordered!This place is all organic all the time. It has an antiseptic appearance from the street and from inside, apparently it will help one feel clean and/or seek to feel cleaner. This is a good marketing strategy to appeal to the mental aspect of the physical needs of juice cleanses.
However, for those already in love with juice, no marketing necessary. You walk in, you see the juices, you read the ingredients, you notice the attention to date pressed, you appreciate the multiple juice and smoothie options and you limit yourself to what can be reasonably consumed before expiration and/or before breaking the proverbial bank.
With that said, yes, for the juice novitiate, the prices seem high. However, they are perfectly fair for organic quality juice and smoothies. Have you seen how much produce is used to make juice? Yum. Makes me feel like a veg-vampire, but that's ok with me.
They have some food, all of which is organic like tabouli and cabbage slaw. They have energy shots, too. 
All in all, I like this place. It's hard to find all organic places. However, I do wish they had custom menu options on-site. You can hear and kind of see to the back where everything is made. Not in front of you, but at least on the premises.
Yum.I recently did the 3 day cleanse.  I enjoyed most of the juices, and I will still probably stop in to by a juice if I'm in the neighborhood and would recommend this business to others to purchase juice.  But a couple concerns -
If you do a cleanse, REQUEST THE ALMOND MYLK.  THE COCONUT MYLK IS DISGUSTING.  Seriously, it is the worst thing I have ever tasted.  Even my fiancé who likes coconut water (which I hate) wouldn't drink it because it was so gross.  On top of that, it's $6.50, and while I understand why it's expensive (fresh ingredients, cold-pressed process, organic is expensive, etc.), there is no way I'd spend that much on a small-sized drink that tastes that bad.
Make sure to either gradually decrease your coffee intake or have a cup of black coffee during the cleanse (this is allowed) or you will get horrible headaches.
All the other juices were good - the Thai one with bok choy was like drinking a liquid salad and not sweet at all, but manageable.  I LOVED the almond mylk, Monkey Business smoothie, carrot juice, beet juice, and the other green juice that didn't have the bok choy.  Also, like the other reviewer said, the lemon tonic really does wake you up in the morning (though the cayenne is unexpected at first), and I'm a huge coffee addict.  I'm hoping to go back to try the watermelon juice.I'm not big on juicing but this place has become one of my favorites to pop in once or twice a week. I love their raw shots and bullet proof coffee blends. I'm a huge Dave Asprey fan and Raw Republic is the only one who carries his products in the state. I swear  by his products as they keep me going through my 60+ hour work week. Their staff is always super sweet and knowledgeable.Came here for a late lunch with a couple of friends. We were starving but wanted to explore healthier options. This place looked tiny from the outside and was still small when we walked in. To my surprise, there is actually an upstairs to this place with some tables and couches. There were menus on the wall and an fridges with juices and some snacks. The cashier was friendly and ready to help us with anything we needed! We ordered the Acai It All Bowl, two orders of Curry "Chick" Toast, and an Almond Mylk Latte. We also bought the Ginger Sesame Noodles and Lemon Chia Pudding from the fridges.
We walked upstairs to find a table to eat at and I just loved how everything looked! The décor was nice, and the atmosphere was calming. There were plenty of windows, so it was bright and energetic. It felt like I was at someone's house, it probably was a house before! 
The food came shortly afterwards, and I loved the presentation of the dishes! My Acai It All bowl was generously portioned and just looked downright awesome! The Curry "Chick" Toast was good too, but not my kind of dish. My friends loved it though! This is hard to say since I loved my acai bowl so much, but my favorite thing that we got was actually the Ginger Sesame Noodles. It was my friend's and I was supposed to just have a bite, but it was my addiction! I ended up with way more than one bite. It was the perfect balance of flavor, sauce, and a small spicy kick! It was in a small container, but I'm thinking that I need a large bowl of it in the future! The Lemon Chia Pudding was a nice dessert to end our lunch with. The Almond Mylk Latte was different from normal lattes, but still delicious with less guilt from drinking it.
Overall, this place is just downright awesome! I was completely stuffed from all of the food that we had, but I felt good about our healthier lunch choice that day! Check this place out!My "go to" spot for when my diet has taken a nosedive and I need to get back into the healthy eating world asap. The carrot coco and deep roots juices are full meals in a bottle with 3 pounds of raw fresh pressed fruits and veggies inside. They are as delicious and as satisfying as a juice drink can be. I hadn't been there since they added a made to order menu and was delighted to see it filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Such a rare finding in this town. Now if only finding parking was as easy as choosing what to buy!I love raw republic so much!!! I am especially fond of the bossy balls so wanted to ask - the past few weeks that I've gotten them, they seem to have a bit of a different flavor/consistency. It's not super noticeable but after the third time of buying them and taking note, something is definitely different! Has anyone else noticed or is it just me? Did the recipe change?Much needed after all the delicious food in Nola. Get the kelp noodles, so incredibly good.Juices ok. The shot of ginger, lemon and cayenne was on point. This review is about the service mainly. The girl that was there today was not glad to be working. Not interested in helping us, making eye contact, engaging at all. She actually seemed irritated that she had customers. That's too bad. Fresh juice is a huge growing wide open market and being nice to people will really help grow your business. I came out of my way to find Raw Republic today and left after spending $35.00 not interested in going back.Not really sure why this place gets such high marks. I was the only person in the shop, and the acai bowl took about 10 minutes to make. Honestly, this place would get higher ratings if the prices were lower. This is quite expensive for the size/ingredients. (Don't get me wrong, the ingredients in the bowl were relatively fresh.) I tried some of the juices while I was waiting, but I am really not one to pay $8+ for juice/smoothies.The owners are wonderful people. The products are top quality and this is by far far the best cold pressed juice bar in New Orleans. Their raw foods are delicious too.Ehh,  I ordered an açaí bowl and it was just ok. The açaí base was not very flavorful, esp for it to be summer and fruit be in season. Not good enough for me to return or recommend and definitely not worth the $13 I spent. I was slightly disappointed because I've been wanting an açaí bowl for a while. 
I also felt that the variety of options for toppings was limited compared to other establishments that I have visited.Anytime I'm on magazine st. I am coming here and always coming out of there with something. I really like the vibe on this place. It's so small, cozy and welcoming. Their drinks are to die for if you're really a healthy person. My boyfriend usually go to the gym and drinks their products almost frequently and I usually drink these for detoxing. Even though they are quite pricy, it's definitely worth a try.Walked in here to grab a juice and healthy snack. They had a bunch of juice options to choose from. I tried the bossy balls and was pleasantly surprised with how much I liked them. They're very filling, I ate 1.5 and saved the others. I would definitely recommend Raw Republic to anyone wanting to try juicing. 
I give raw 4 stars because I wanted the green juice no 1  and thought that's what I grabbed since it was placed in the row labeled as such. When I got in my car and took a sip I thought something was wrong because it was sooooo thick. I looked at the back and saw I had "masheen." After looking on their website I realized this was a smoothie. That was disappointing, but masheen does taste really good if you want a smoothie. Just double check what you're getting since they had them incorrectly sorted on the shelf.Love love love love love their juices! I like it Bc it doesn't taste too sweet like the main squeeze juices. It's just perfect. My favorite is the green Masheen juice smoothie situation. So yumRaw Republic & The Space upstairs is one of my favorite places to be in New Orleans. Noelle has been my acupuncturist and my spiritual counselor for almost two years now. She has inspired so many great changes in my life and has helped my body heal itself. The juices and food at Raw are top notch. The events are memorable and super high vibe. If you have the opportunity to meet with Noelle, Dr. Amberliegh Carter or Sheena, I highly, HIGHLY recommend! Oh, and I also suggest the Levitation smoothie instead of a standard coffee. Delish!Amazing! We had a group of 11 girls at RR for my bachelorette party, and WOW! The acupuncture, energy healing, and yoga in the upstairs space was incredible. The ladies were so helpful and kind. Sheena, Noelle, Natalie and Liz were so beyond accommodating. The juice was so healing and refreshing. Can't say enough good things about this experience/ space! Thank you so much!Juices are on point! Clearly freshly squeezed, organic, and delicious tasting!
The only surprise is that they don't make the drink in front of you... It's all bottled and waiting to be purchased. For me, half the fun is ordering and watching them make it fresh!
However, the drinks were wonderful and I would return.Everything I've had here has been amazing. I've been splurging since I discovered it and don't regret it one bit. It's pricey, but you are paying for quality that you taste and feel. 
I was skeptical of the food items I purchased because I've seen raw foods go very wrong, but everything exceeded my expectations. The Aztec wrap is bomb (should be a little more filled but flavor and textures are on point), the brownies (so rich and dense that a few bites are satisfying, worth the price because you can make it last), and how in the hell are the truffle kelp noodles so savory, simple, and perfect?! 
Juices, shots, and smoothies are the best I've had. I have never devoured a smoothie as quickly as I did the Bliss & Beauty one. Never! 
My wallet wants to give this place 0 stars but too bad. It's So. Good.I cannot wait for the new location to open at canal place but I popped into this location today because I needed a smoothie.
I love getting smoothies that have a good balance of greens and fruits. I also added some collagen prOteiN to my smoothie for $2 because I felt like I needed additional protein in my smoothie this e.
In the juice area there are Sample for you to try your self.Don't waste your time trying to order from this place on Grubhub. Apparently, they don't actually have anything that's listed on the menu.Everyone who knows me knows I'm a fanatic when it comes to health and wellness.  So when I have a throbbing hangover, my first stop is Raw Republic.  This is the only juice place in town that is worth a damn.  Just saying.  
I love the green juices, they have a few... some with a little sweetness, some tart AF.  I often go with the Blueberry Smoothie and a shot of ginger that I pour in.
So, Brandon, why 4 stars and not 5? You must be asking yourself.
I'll tell you.   A few of their offerings LITERALLY go right through me... no joke!  If I drink their "golden mylk" concoction, I better do it sitting on the toilet!   Because it goes down my throat and almost straight out the back door!  
For real.
Sometimes I get a bottle when I'm feeling backed up.  It's that reliable.   But I still love the place!Ok, these juices are pricey. BUT, they make you feel pretty good after drinking them. I've had all of the green ones, the beet juice, and the almond thing which is basically dessert compared to the fruit and veg ones. All the juices are between $6.50-10, and the shots are $3.50. The food/snacks look delicious but I'm usually too broke after the juice purchase to try them!I really enjoyed the Acai bowl and matcha tea here!  If I could nit pick - I wish they had napkins on the table (I had to use a dirty one from my purse as there's nothing out), and post the WiFi password which was also nowhere to be found.  Cute place though I'll be back!Ok so I was convinced before I ate here that it wasn't going to be that great but I wanted something heathy so I would be ok. Y'all. I am shocked. It was AMAZING! I had the Leaf + Serene smoothie and the avocado toast. SO good & I'm full. So glad I took the leap of faith and tried it. I'm a happy customer and definitely will be returning soon!I first tried this place because I was looking for a healthier option, and to no surprise I enjoyed everything I ordered. The freshly squeezed juice was amazing and made me feel great. I also tried the mac & cheese which was something that I wasn't used to eating, but I ended up really liking it. When I worked really close to it, I ordered quite a few times from there. The only condo this place is I feel it's a little expensive, but when you're looking for healthier options they usually are.The drinks and snack are healthy and nice.  there is a good menu to order from.   Thing is the portions are small and the prices can be high, depending on what you get.  Staff shouldn't ask you to tip. They have some stuff to work on.Came to this place for the first time and tried the avocado toast. It was very delicious! The lemon mixed with the (what I believe to be) cayenne pepper and the crunchiness of the pumpkin seeds was a great combo. I gave this place 3 stars because I believe customer service matters. I was the only person in the store and yet it took 30 minutes for me to get my order. I'm not sure why it would take 30 minutes to put avocado on toast but it was especially irritating because there was no sense of urgency. With that being said, they will ask you if you would like to tip before you receive your food. I would hold off on tipping until after you receive your order to make sure you enjoy your service, because that only makes sense.I imagine it doesn't take much time to update your hours online so I don't drive all the way over there at 6:30 to be told you are closed through the glass door.My husband and I  are on a  special diet. I found Raw Republic  through Yelp and  they clearly exceeded  all of our expectations. The Curry "chick" Toast is delicious. You will not be disappointed with this dish. The staff was  very friendly and engaging with first time guest. The eatery was very  clean, the menu very easy to read. This is now one of our favorite places to dine  in New Orleans.First time here and won't be the last. Got the pecan butter + chia berry jam toast and açaí it all bowl. Both were amazing! Presentation, taste and ingredients were all superb. Thank you for your amazing work and cannot wait to be back. If I live in Nola would def eat here at least 3x a week!LOVE raw republic. I constantly crave their leaf and serene smoothie which tastes both healthy and delicious. Whoever thought grapefruit and vanilla would pair so well together! Genius. All of their other smoothies look pretty good too but I haven't been adventurous enough to try the others just yet. They also have juice cleanses, detox shots, salads which all look yummy. My only qualms are that it's expensive AF, sometimes takes awhile even when I'm the only person there, is a really small space, and run by what seem like college students who don't give a shiz--none of which are reasons not to try it!Ordered both açaí bowls and I loved them! The tropical one was super amazing. Really enjoyed all the cool juices they had and the upstairs seating was comfortable. Will for sure come here again!