The atmosphere was so chic and the food was great then to top it off a great band showed up ! What a great nite service excellentLast night we dined at the Rebellion and the wagyu burger alone would justify the five star . The meat was tender and moist, the bun delicious, the bacon crisped to perfection, the spicy sauce very tasty and the fries to die for. The other food we ordered was great too - Singaporean noodles, and the shrimp appetizer. To top it, they were most gracious and generous about being understaffed (it was January 1st) and having longer waiting times than usual. We will be back.We didn't eat here, we didn't drink here except for water. Here is my one piece of advice to management. Get rid of Mr. "I played division 1 football in Arizona" bartender. 10 minutes to get noticed at the 3/4 empty bar on a sleepy Sunday night. The other guys to our right were giving him the evil eye too. So slow, uninterested, and only wanting to talk football at the other end of the bar. Sorry we couldn't eat but we would've died of old age.I love this place. It makes me feel at home...
I won't say anything more...Rebellion is making the best authentic traditional Korean food in the whole gulf area.Went last night and for a Friday night during Essence Fest, was a little worried that getting a table somewhere would be a problem. Luckily for me/us, it was late enough, and RB&UK is still enough under the radar and big enough to be packed, so we got seated and started our feast.
Apps:Katsuo Fries, Gau Choy Gow (Shrimp and Chive Dumplings), Gai Lan and Oyster Mushroom Salad and the Brussel Sprout Salad. All worthy of getting again and again.
I had the Phat Rice. Lots of meat and nice spices, but not overly spicy hot. Kind of like a big bowl of the best dirty rice I've ever had. Others in group had the Pho (I did not try it, but I'm told it's great) and the Curry Udon Noodles. Very good, but holy crap, the curry was fiery hot. Not sure I could eat a bowl of that.
Looking forward to going back and exploring the rest of the menu, or even having the same thing again and again. Yum.Excellent fusion of Asian and Latin cuisine. Drinks are innovative and unique. Whiskey selection is moderate but well focused.  Recommend the wild shrimp dumplings and duck confit and pho spices empanadas.Not bad, but not blown away either. Sticky buns were very dry and seemed as if they were a few days old. Beef shank was good, but noodles were nothing special...very "out of a box" tasting. We'd give it another shot, but when there are a million places to eat in NOLA, probably not anytime soon.We came here for a big event 100+ people. The space was beautiful with brick walls and multiple paintings of "Rebels" by local artist, Josh Wingerter. The ambiance matched the theme of the restaurant which features the Chef's non-traditional take on southern comfort foods like oysters or ribs.
One thing about the full-bar near the entrance is its wide selection of classic cocktails and bold signature cocktails. The Moscow mule was served in a cute rustic tin cup - was a great starter while waiting to get seated. Being from out of town, I had to try their draft beers from breweries in Louisiana so I had a pale ale as well. I also had a glass of wine from their Chilean Malbec selection to go well with my meal.
The four course meal was phenomenal. 
1) Appetizer empanada variety - duck, kimchee - and a spinach artichoke dip with buttered bread was perfect to share with the 7 folks at my table. 
2) Salad - I had kale with cow feta cheese, some kind of currant, and nuts (I think pecans). This would counter the guilt of my overindulging on this trip! 
3) My main course was the GVC short rib, included several juicy cuts (some lean some fatty) with dark sticky rice underneath and some greens and shredded carrots on top. 
4) desert - I had penna cotta and tried a bit of the bread pudding. At this point, I was stuffed. Had to get coffee to end the night. 
In closing, the food is definitely worth it. Plus, the staff was genuinely friendly and courteous, even  boxing my left overs. I got greeted out even by the Chef. They're great people in this restaurant. I would definitely hit Rebellion up again before I head back to the West. 
FIVE STARS - well deserved!Food was amaZing!!!!! The burger and fries were great and ramen soup ! We will be back. There happy hour is everyday 3-7pm. Great looking bar.Great food and fun atmosphere. Phillip was a great host for our dinner. We had pork belly sliders , Fantastic! And Raman dinner was greatExcellent place! Glad we found them. Their ramen was the best I had anywhere. There burger had such great flavor in the meat it was like a perfect home grilled burger. Great job. The Brussels salad is an interesting dish and done gracefully. The scallops were just ok, seemed like it was lacking in an ingredient. The empanadas were awesome as well, almost fluffy and sweet like a beignet. The kale salad the gf loved It, wasn't my flavor. Yea we ordered a lot and it was a worthy experience. We would definitely go here again and will next time we are down. The bartender was just fun and real as most of the staff is. It was entertaining to say the least. I could see how the one person complained about the host but seriously it's the host. Everyone after that had plenty of character. Loved the fact the owner was very eager to hear my actual criticism. And agreed with my points. The desert was a miss, too tart and had some burnt notes, but at some moments I could see how the bread pudding might be really good if done right. I'm hard to please when it comes to food joints, no joke, but was very impressed here. Enjoy!First off the atmosphere is amazing. I love the artwork and the layout of the bar. The service was spot on and they even serve dinner till midnight!! We were sat down right away and the drinks and food were amazing. The blackberry burn cocktail is delicious and the Waygu burger was so juicy. No complaints from me!Oh how I wanted to love this place.  It was our last meal in New Orleans and it looked so damn neat.  We were going to the Sugar Bowl, so we decided to go for an early dinner.  We ordered a bunch of things, but three of the things (including what I went there for) were unavailable.  At 5:45, I was told that the ramen would not be ready for approximately 3 more hours.  I kind of feel like this was complete BS, because that would mean it wouldn't be ready until almost 9 p.m.  So they were just planning on going the entire dinner service without ramen?  Okay.
We also really wanted the sticky bun (we were told that's just no longer offered despite still being on the menu) and the ceviche (we were told this, too, was not ready yet).  Ooookay.  
At this point, we still had hopes for the meal.  The cobia collar was great--well seasoned, but difficult to eat.  Also, very very little little fish (which is to be expected, but at $16, either serve something else or cut the price).  The scallops were really well cooked, but the seasoning was weird.  Really overpowering and not great.  The shrimp wonton/dumplings...were also WAY under seasoned.  They needed some soy sauce or salt or hot sauce.  Oaxaca and kimchi empanadas were good, but I'd like more of the kimchi flavor to come out. 
Entrees: pork belly sliders, mushroom pho, and peking duck.  I'll start with the pho. I love pho and have never had vegetarian pho before, so I decided to give it a go after being told I couldn't get ramen.  It was...good, but again bland.  At this point, I asked for soy sauce and hot sauce, which I got.  And holy heck it made a world of difference.  So good.  
Now, the sliders and the duck...where good (the duck especially), but BOTH dishes were cold.   And I don't mean warm, I mean cold.  Especially the sliders.  It felt like they had been in the fridge and had been taken out.  Granted, the taste was there, but come on, we were two of eight people in the entire restaurant...serve us food at the appropriate temperature. 
I was torn between 2 and 3 stars for this place, but I think this place can get going if they just add some finesse, so I'm giving them 3 stars.  This is for the food only.
Service wise: our server was good, but not great.  I think he may have been new and seemed a bit unsure of things (hence us ordering three things and then him having to come back and tell us they were unavailable).  
However, the rest of the service needs work (probably 1 star service as of now).  When we got there, there was no hostess.  After about five minutes, I asked one of the bartenders and got a snippity "someone will be right with you" response.  Then...the bar back came out and sat us.  If there is no host, fine.  But when the bartenders are responsible for seating the customers and you ignore us for five minutes, that's just bad customer service.  The bartender that sat us asked me for my last name and I told him (presumably so they could take us off the reservation list).  At about 6:30, during dinner, I got a call...from the hostess that had just showed up asking me if I still wanted my reservation or else they would "have to give it away."  Now, this was humorous, because (1) I was in the restaurant and (2) could see at least twelve open tables and no one was waiting at the door.  
Like I said, this place has potential and I may be tempted to go back in a year or two if they're still around.  But they need to work on consistency, service, seasoning, and food temps.My wife and I went there for lunch and throughly enjoyed everything we ordered. She had the burger in which she raved about  whole time. I had the Ramen and it was wonderful. We shared the Phat rice and the duck dumplings which was very good. Not only we're going back, we'll bringing our children and grandchildren.This place is just wonderful. They change up their menu every now and again, making sure to keep it interesting. The owner mentioned she was Korean, but grew up in Brazil. This definitely shows in the style of food! Kimchi and cheese empanadas, for example, were amazing. 
Along with great food, they have great cocktails, great happy hour prices, and 5 dollar classic cocktails. 
For a few months, the chef had left and the place definitely felt different. That is no more! She is back and making the great noodle bowls and delicious fusion again!
But this all pales in comparison to the egg. They serve a tempura battered medium boiled egg that is absolutely divine. The owner was super nice and came out to talk to us and let us try some of the kimchi she made (which was also incredible, crunchy, and very spicy!). They also had forbidden rice that they were trying out for the menu. 
This experience has made this one of my favorite restaurants.Amazing!!!  The food is complex and delicious, really well-prepared. Service was friendly and efficient. Decor simple and bold, pictures of Angela Davis, Einstein, Lincoln, the guy in front of the tank at Tiananmen Square. And that was lunch! The dinner menu looks even better.I had a fantastic experience dining and having drinks here.  The Kale Slaw Salad with chicken and beef had a light wasabi dressing that coated the salad perfectly. I have a fairly large appetite and decided to order the Ribs and Wagyu Burger.  As expected, I destroyed both entrees with a perma-grin of satisfaction that encapsulated my being.  
Fun/Hip Ambiance + Delicately Balanced Cocktails + Food Perfection Meal + Friendly Service =  A no regret visit to Rebellion.  
I'm sold and will be back at Rebellion soon to eagerly try each entree on the menu!If I could give it less stars I would. Never seen anything like this in my life. Bartender was drunk over 35 minutes and he could not make 3 drinks. Blamed por service on being a new place. Never be back and will let everyone know how bad it was.Very few places you'll see where every single thing on the menu is absolutely delicious. This is one of them. Also, one of the most unique menu selections in New Orleans. 
Absolutely worth going back repeatedly for lunch (and happy hour as soon as the bar opens).No ramen. No pork belly sliders. No curry noodles. The menu is changing due to a new head chef. Just beware that the menu has next to nothing that has been posted here in the past. The service was good though. We ended up with the poutine fries that were sent back due to well just not liking the flavor. The crispy fried chicken was good. Duck empanadas fair. Too tangy for my taste.Great location. Very relaxing and great ambience. The food was great with a very generous portion. Good place to hangout with friends. The mushroom pho was awesome. Definitely will come back.I have been twice and both times the service was slow and the food wasn't worth the wait. The second time the bartender seemed annoyed to be there and annoyed she had customers.....Solid place to eat. The food is unique, but yet familiar. What does that mean?
That burger tastes like a burger, but not really, it has a fusion of Asian mixed into it, in a very classy manner. So it is unique, but familiar.
I'd recommend the watermelon soup. It was delicious. A little hidden gem this place is indeed. Very highly recommend.The duck and pho spices appetizer is AMAZING!! We also got the pork belly sliders and the short rib sliders-everything was incredible! Can't wait to come back and try more!!Great ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food. 
Singapore Noodles are very nice... and spicy. 
My brother had the Duck Boudin & Fried Green Tomatoes... he was not a fan.It was good but not quite a sworthy of the hype I've aeen.  I had the ramen and the pork belly was seasoned well but the noodles and broth were nondescript.  Steve had the burger.  Charred on the exterior but cooked perfectly to order in center.  It waa a good burger but we've hadbetter right in little 'ole College Station.I work downtown and am always looking for new happy hour locations. I saw Rebellion pop up in a few articles so I decided to try it with a friend. When you first walk in, you enter the bar area - purple couches by the window, a few small bar tables. The rest of the restaurant was split into two main dining areas and a patio in the back. The building had nice exposed brick, the lighting was kept dim, the walls had large pop art portraits, the chairs seemed to made of plastic. It did not seem like an Asian/Latin fusion restaurant, but it was a casual, modern space.
The menu consisted of small plates, street breads (sliders), salads, soup/noodle dishes, and entrees. The prices ranged from $8-$30 with most non-entree dishes around $12-14. The prices seemed on the high side for the size and type of dishes. The menu items reflected the Asian/Latin fusion with Asian ingredients and verbage (like "XO jan"). The bar menu wasn't available yet, but draft and bottled beer, cocktails, and wine were listed in the bar area. Their happy hour consists of drink specials. The servers seemed inexperienced, but friendly.
We wanted to eat light, so we tried two small dishes. Per the server's recommendation, we ordered the ABURI HOKKAIDO (Seared Scallops, Uni, Seaweed Caviar, Nori Puree, Meyer Lemon, Shio Kombu). The dish came with two good-sized scallops. Definitely lightly seared and more on the raw side. Well presented and tasty. We also ordered the CANDIED SHRIMP & ROASTED BEETS SALAD (Chicken, Peanuts, Oranges, Lime, Fish Sauce, Fresh Herbs). The flavors were good (and had a kick), but it wasn't anything fancy. The dish also did not reflect the menu. It had strawberries (not listed), the shrimp was boiled not candied (disappointing - I was really curious what candied shrimp tasted like) and they forgot the chicken (but gave us a side of it after we asked). After that, I was tentative to try anything else.
Overall, the experience felt like being a teenage freshman in high school. New, eager, slightly awkward and uncomfortable, but with potential. I could feel the growing pains through my entire meal. The flavors were good and the atmosphere fun enough that I would come back to try other dishes, but not until after Rebellion has its rhythm.We had the best experience here with food and service. I highly recommend the salad with Wasabi Dressing and the Curry Chicken.I found the eclectic menu to be somewhat arbitrary.  I really enjoyed the Singapore noodles and after our dinner we met the boisterously fun chef Noy.  After speaking with Noy and learning about her eclectic background of living in Korea and Brazil and her Spanish influence the menu made complete sense.  We are looking forward to returning for dinner and they appear to have a good happy hour as well from 4-7 daily.We came to New Orleans for our honeymoon. After a visit to the World War 2 museum we wandered down Camp St back to our hotel and saw the menu for Rebellion Bar and Urban Kitchen. The chef de cusine came out to greet us and we told him we'd definitely be back for lunch with our friends the next day. My GOD! It exceeded any expectations from the menu! I'm a chef by trade and everything was perfectly cooked, arranged, and presented. The staff was extremely informative and the food blew my wife and I away. Our friends, who are steak and potato people, loved their burger. The nut tart was amazing! The pork belly sliders and duck dumplings were not to be missed! The ceviche had the perfect tart heat for spicy food lovers and the mushroom pho was outstanding! Go! For the love of Great Food, GO!I love the decor and vibe at Rebellion.  We came by on a Friday evening for dinner and drinks.  This place is the perfect spot for a nice evening out.  The food and drinks were presented beautifully.  We tried a few of the cocktails, my favorite was the BlueBerry Burn and Cucumber Sake.  It was so refreshing and easy to drink.  We had a small group and wanted to taste a variety of dishes so we all shared bites.  All the appetizers were delish, I loved the one stuffed with Kim Chi.  My favorite entree was the mouth watering Pecking Duck.  I also enjoyed the Rebellion ramen with the soft fried egg and tasty pork belly.  
I will definitely come back when in New Orleans.iCame back - this time, this place exceeded my expectations!  Great service.  Delicious food (again!).  Curry Udon noodles were spicier than last time, but so good.  Rebellion Ramen on point.  Wife and I had craft cocktails as well which were amazing.Horrible experience. They are completely under staffed. Made me think of someone who has always had a dream to open a restaurant with zero restaurant experience. We waited 15 min before 1 of 2 servers came and took our drink order. The draft beer was served flat, they were out of most wines on their list. We ordered truffle parmesan fries that were not cooked throughly. I ordered the chimichangas at the same time as the fries and watched as it sat in the window to be taken to the table for 20 minutes. Finally, we just asked for our check and looked up another restaurant to try. Very disappointing experience. There definitely needs to be major changes made or I don't see this restaurant staying in business for much longer.Great brunch menu and the ramen is best I've had in NOLA.My gf and I like to find a spot to eat noodles whenever we travel, so when we were in New Orleans a couple weeks ago we found Rebellion Bar & Urban Kitchen.  We loved it! The food was awesome. We shared the katsu fries (sprinkled with bonito flakes and served with red miso ketchup!) and crispy cha gio spring rolls as appetizers. She had the Rebellion Ramen, tasty broth,nice pieces of tender pork belly and a deep fried hard boiled egg called "son-in-law egg". I had the curry udon noodles, thick noodles in a creamy curry sauce with chicken, I would describe it as "Asian fettuccine Alfredo".  We really enjoyed the atmosphere as well as the delicious food and will be back next time we visit New Orleans. Highly recommended!Came here for my birthday brunch and it was amazing! I had the SWEET POTATO AND BLACK BEAN BURRITO- i added bacon and it was the best! The bloody mary was pretty good too. Our server, Kayla was especially helpful in helping us pick our breakfast and had a lot of good tips since we have never visited new orleans before. I will come back here next time im in NOLA.I finally got around to trying Rebellion. I wanted to eat so many different things (mainly the ramen and the curry noodles), but I ended up going with the burger because I was pretty hungry.
This burger was serious, y'all. When our server told us that it would be a good choice if I were hungry, I still didn't expect it to be that big. But the patty was a good size, and the condiments were awesome. The balsamic onion jam was fantastic. I upgraded my fries to the ramen fries, and it was interesting but I probably could have done without.
My friend K had the duck empanadas and the Brussels sprouts salad and seemed to enjoy them. I tried a bit of the empanadas and they were good!
I do want to return to try the ramen, curry noodles, and/or the KFC+waffles. I'm pretty sure my next visit will be for brunch, because, KFC.Amazing restaurant! I don't leave reviews often, but this place was so great that I just had to. The workers, the owner, (everybody), was very nice and I'm looking forward to coming here very soon!We came here for New Years Eve dinner, so it was a fixed menu. We were fine with that but definitely want to return to try other items on the menu.
Ramen was the starter which was so good especially since it was raining! That was followed by a scallion crepe with a delicious dipping sauce.
The main was the short ribs on the main menu I believe, but they were supposed to be lettuce wraps. One whole section of my ribs were so over cooked like jerky and I couldn't eat them. The wraps were lost on me as I had to separate the meat from the bones myself and then build the wraps which came with a great sauce and raw? garlic cloves. It was a miss. 
The dessert was billed as a peach cobbler, but it was totally the peach/bourbon/ginger upside-down cake and it was effing amazing. I could have eaten my weight in it.
The staff was friendly if a bit unorganized with the simplified menu and there were miscommunications with the bar.
Again, definitely want to return for a normal menu and service. Very promising!We had found Rebellion through Groupon and I was excited about another Asian Fusion restaurant.  However, many of the dishes are so spicy that you can't even eat them.  I had the Ramen the last time I came here, hopeful based on some of the prior reviews.  The ramen broth was very blah and without much flavor.  The tempura egg was interesting but the batter became very mushy in the broth.  The noodles were good and chewy.  I wish the broth was more flavorful.  I enjoy Noodles & Pie bowls much better.  Interesting place that I really wanted to like, but after 2 visits I think we are done.  Prices are a little high on some of the entrees that you don't get much food for.Love this place!  Stumbled on it after a terrible experience at another spot; and WOW - what a difference a Chef makes!  Great ambience, love the abstract paintings of famous people on the walls.  Since it was billed as a cocktail bar, I thought it would be safe to order one of my favorite cocktails - Corpse Reviver #2.  All good bartenders know this gin-based cocktail.  After ordering from our server, the Chef himself, Chris deBarre, came out to tell me why a key ingredient was missing and that I should always use Cocchi Americano instead of the more customary Lillet Blanc in my CR#2.  We had three small plates:  Moros y Christianos (amazing beans and rice), spicy mushrooms with chèvre, and a new dish, which was essentially a savory naan/pancake with tamarind and other sauces.  All three were amazing!!  Though I am not, chef Chris' menu has many terrific dishes that work for vegans and gluten-free.  DeBarre has been raised!Had the Phat rice, tuna neck, scallops and empanadas- topped it off with the burger. Everything was delicious, burger is the best if had in years. I will be visiting oftenOh man the rebellion pho was amazing the pork belly in it was some of the best flavor I've ever hadRe-open. Re-eating. 
Stopped in for lunch, had a great BLT. Crispy bacon, thick sliced tomato, and crunchy lettuce on a good sturdy bread. The ice-water is still poppin' , lol & the new staff are super nice. 
My friend had a shrimp wrap and she swears by the crawfish bisque... she says it's perfect. Filling, but not heavy, and the flavor profile is well-balanced. Happy hour lines up just right with my dinner time so it's only right that I stop in & have a glass of wine or one of their awesome hurricanes to end the day right... 
I really appreciate how close they are to my work, too. I can see myself visiting waay more often than I probably should.We were from out of town and a little apprehensive when we stepped in and were the only customers. But the food was really good and I was delighted they had some local beers. Of course other parties started to arrive later and the place filled but did not get crowded.Would recommend.Stopped into Rebellion Urban Bar and Kitchen for a lite dinner. Best decision we've made. Loved this place. The staff was wonderful, friendly, and attentive. Loved!!! artwork. Check out the artist @joshwingerterart . The lemon pepper wings, fries,, and onion rings were  really good. The corn crab bisque, and chicken and sausage gumbo were Incredible!!! Truly the best we have ever had. The flavor...Oh, the FLAVOR! Definitely check the guys out. Thank you @doc.dotx for taking time out to talk and share with us. We will be checking out @blackinkneworleans next. #jaijak #rebellion748 #rebellionbarandurbankitchen #greatfood #bestgumbo #foodie #bestcornandcrabbisque #nola #stephandjackdonola #goodfood #neworleansfood #nolaeats #beautifulart #artwork #nolaartistTried this place for the first time (local). I'll say the decor is very nice but also very common for the area. Overall the food was ok but not great. We had small plates and entrees as well as both desserts. With that being said I think I had enough to get a good gauge on the restaurant. I don't think I'll be back unless it's to pregame it for drinks.I think I would give this place 2.5, but without that choice I'm inclined to round down. 
The atmosphere is good, cool artwork that leads itself to the fusion feel. There was only one person not in the kitchen acting as both host and waiter and so it took a few min before anyone even knew we were there. The water himself was nice and did a good job despite the conditions. 
We got the poutine fries which were decent, had an interesting flavor added which we think is anise.  Our main dishes were the Ramen and the Singapore noodles. The Ramen was lacking in salt, but the most noticeable flavor in both dishes was, again, anise! While a traditional ingredient in many Asian dishes, the flavor was overwhelming in both dishes and ruined the Ramen completely. The curry flavor of the Singapore noodles was strong enough to mask it to a point, but it was still more than was needed. The other flavors were good (when we could taste them). 
They did give a free beer since they had run out of the one my friend wanted. 
Overall not a great experience for food.Found this place on our way to find something to eat.  Loved the vibe and the food was great, came back 2 more times. The burger was great and filling and the service was perfect. I will be back several more times and have a mental list of beers that I would like to try.  On a side note, if you get the ramen and like it spicy, you can ask for the red paste to add more flavor.Very cool up and coming restaurant. The food was excellent and the artwork throughout the location was innovative and intriguing. I just found it a bit too expensive for what you get. I'm glad I had a groupon to save some moneyCame here for happy hour a couple days ago and had their poutine and some apps. All were Amazing. Went to Peche for an early dinner a few days later and actually ordered less there, so we could come back here for the poutine. Plus $5 Moscow Mules are the best deal and best tasting anywhere in the US. Yes. The US.This place has absolutely amazing food. The atmosphere is nice. Cool but not snobby. Duck empanadas are to die for. We also had poutine fries, short ribs, and homemade beef noodles. Bread pudding was amazing. Great service, very friendly. Signature cocktails are delicious and not over done. All in all make this your must eat while in NOLA!Amazing food! My new favorite place in NOLA. Great decor very spacious and trendy backed by a fabulous wait staff. It's location is the only flaw being so far away from the French Quarter. But street parking is easy and it's totally worth coming here. The day we had dinner here they had no draft beer so bottled beer it was. The kalbi sliders was great $12 for two and very filling. I could easily eat four for dinner and be done. The highlight of dinner was the rebellion ramen bowl. It's packed with flavor and comes with pork belly. The soup base was a great fusion of flavors. My wife had the curry udon noodles which packed some heat. She liked it. For dessert we had the bahn mi bread pudding. Another awesome dish. This place is highly foodie recommended.So bad.  The ribs were primarily fat with very little discernable meat. The sauce on the ribs was gross and kind of congealed, and the dish itself was served lukewarm at best. The vegetable hash was wilted and old looking,  and really sweet, which was odd. The rice bowl was bland,  and the rice was crunchy. Poutine fries were unremarkable.  Service was good, drinks were decent,  otherwise, quite disappointed for our anniversary dinner, and couldn't wait to get out.Awesome spot to have a cocktail. They also have a great kitchen. Delicious burgers and ramen. Great staffThe ambience is sophiscated ... young, urban chic with brick walls and dark stone floor tiles.  Pictures of "rebels" include Gandhi and Mandella.  The staff was great and chef Steven O'Neill asked me how the ramen was and talked about the organic vegetables he gets from his friend who has an organic garden.  I especially enjoyed the ramen as it has lots of different textures including broiled pork belly, tempura fried soft-boiled egg, and crisp ramen noodle.  And don't forget to try their Kyoto drink!  Their boneless short rib was meaty and tasty and the "black" rice was delicious and sophisticated.  Overall .. one of the best restaurants that I visited on my first trip to New Orleans.Food is trendy and great. Unfortunately, service is so lacking and awkward. We had to have our check re-done approximately 4 times. Happy hour prices weren't honored either. Disappointing end to the evening.Stopped in at 1 pm and had the burger.  It was burnt big time and raw in the inside.  Not impressed.   Our server was fabulous though.  Get tips on local hangouts.The all thing was top A. But the Top of all -the great food ,drinks, music, vibe  and the decorations was the best! The service was so good, from a wonderful man named pierce and his lovely family!!!!
Recommend!!!Had a very nice dining experience. We were lucky to have Lindsey as our server and she was very helpful with suggestions and her overall knowledge of the menu. She also told us that there is a new chef here who is revamping the menu. 
Apps that we had included shrimp dumplings and crab cake. Both excellent. The redhead salad was extremely tasty, who knew that grilled strawberries could be so tasty?
We went ahead and shared the yudon noodle crawfish Monica. Very light and tasty. Just enough interesting spices and not overwhelming at all.
Oh, and my first ever Moscow Mule!  Very refreshing.So this place might have been great....once. Chef left a month ago. Came in on a Saturday night and there was NO ONE here. Ordered the fries & dumplings. Fries were soooo salty even the beer couldn't erase the flavor. Do. Not. Go. Here. Wasted $30.I've had drinks here before and they were good. This was my first time eating here.   The food was mediocre at best.  The Vietnamese Tamarind beef was not close to tamarind beef which I love.  It was just a beef salad, and tough strips of beef at that.  The Tuna in the tuna skewers were not fresh tuna, and tasted off.  The French fries were good,but how can you screw up fries? I'm giving 2 stars for the drinks alone.I absolutely love this place.  The service was excellent!  The atmosphere is great.  I love the space and the hip-but-chill vibe.  Food is awesome.  When I heard the concept--Modern Korean with a Latin feel??--I was pumped, but had not idea what it would look like or taste like!  I AM HERE TO TELL YOU THAT IT TASTES AWESOME. I ordered the wagyu burger and it was delicious. Hands down one of the best burgers I've had in a while.  We had the fries and empanadas at the table and those were amazing!  You have to order the empanadas!  I went with a big group and everyone at the table was thrilled with the food, though maybe not-so-thrilled with me stealing bites off their plates! The food just looks too good not to pass around for a quick taste. 
I left very full, very happy, and dying to go back!  So excited to add this place to our NOLA eating!!Stopped in before a show for a bite to eat. The duck empanadas were fantastic! The pastry was buttery and flakey and the duck was tender and delicious. Also, the short rib ramen poutine fries were excellent.I got there a little bit after 5. They are just open I can see not thing ready yet! We are seat middle of the room. Decorate it very nice! The lady came to take my order I show her a  Ramen picture from yelp she said we no longer have that one but they do have ramen with another recipe so I give them a try. We wait for 45min for our food with only 1 table is us. We heard a lots of yelling from the kitchen like someone so mad it there it was so loud! My husband got a burger it was very good. But my ramen it not a ramen!!!  It just a noodle with very strong favor beef soup, very hard fried pork on top so hard to chew on, fried boiled egg and some Bok Choi. I'm here for ramen but this is not what I expect for.Arrived with no expectations and departed thinking about a second meal there. 
Good vibe and good food; kale salad rocked, a combo of textures and taste, and sliders just as good.
I live in NYC where creative aspirations often exceed execution, but here the two were matched at a high level.Sooo sad! This amazing spot took all our favorite things off the menu. What's left is no where near as good. They had some of the best ramen in the whole south ( and we go to Adrian communities everywhere to eat). Ramen is the rage in all major cities right now and they were the only ones in town to do it justice.
They also used to have a short rib dish also that was amazing now that is gone too. The vibe and atmosphere in this place is wonderful and with the right food justifies the higher prices. Servers are always super nice.
Please bring the amazing food back. We will read the menu online and call ahead before we come again. So sad to totally look forward to something and find it gone.The ambience was super cute- exposed brick walls, artsy portraits of "rebels", candlelight lit tables.  The food was delicious- particularly loved the sticky buns and duck entree.  We were too stuffed to enjoy dessert. Our server was super nice and remembered our long order without writing anything down which I loved. Best part- the awesome variety of Japanese whiskeys they carry- unusual for restaurants.One of the best burgers I've had in Nola and trust me when i say, I have on the look out!Empanadas and sticky buns were my favorite. My fiance is picky with her cocktails and loved the blackberry burn. Great atmosphere. Good crowd. Will definitely stop by again next time we're in town and try the brunch menu. Our waitress was great as well!I want to say our first experience at Rebellion was awesome and they have one of the best bowls of ramen in town hands down.
Our second experience today was different. The place seemed like a ghost town as we were the only ones in there at 6:30 pm. The food was still amazing Chef Steven  has really created a special menu. Great flavors and and food was executed perfectly both times we visited. However, the service this time was pretty bad the young girl who was serving us spent more time everywhere else that attending to us. Our drinks we ordered were left at the serving station for about 10 min before she decided she wrapped enough silverware. When I got my cocktail it was watered down already. She just was missing the mark in giving us the full experience of rebellion. 
Overall, excellent food keep it up chef Steven! But please someone talk to and train the young serving staff on how to be more tentative to the guests, especially if they are the only table in the place. We will be back for more ramen, just hope get that all around great service the next time.Best kept secret in town. Original korean meets brazilian cooking that wows the senses. Owner Seung and chef Steve have cteated a real winner in all dishes.
Rush race go.  You'll  be back.  And a great vibe too with staff commited to making it a great experienceEverything was sooooo good here!!!!
My friends and I came here on Halloween, and were surprised to see it nearly empty. No matter though, it just meant that we could be seated right away :)
Our waiter was super friendly and very knowledgeable in all of the dishes. We ordered so much, and everything was delicious!
Pork belly sliders, scallops, the burger (can't remember which one), empanadas, poutine, ughhhhh anything you get I swear it'll be good! The plating here is very nice too, and it was cool to look around and admire the paintings and decor put around the restaurant. 
Anything you get will probably be DELICIOUS!This place has a realllllly cool vibe.  The Veg & Curry Soup was amazing, honestly, the best I've had.   The Wagyu burger was also very tasted and cooked perfectly.   My only complaint was the slow service getting sat and that my fries were not cooked all the way.   But, would definitely come here again.  Once we were sat, the service was great, btw.I can't really see myself coming back here. Maybe as a Japanese girl who grew up in San Francisco my ramen standards are high, but the ramen just didn't do it for me. The broth wasn't authentic, there was too much stuff in the bowl and not enough noodles, and my egg was far from a soft boil...the yolk was completely solid inside. To me, this is like a ramen Cardinal sin! If you're looking for ramen in the city, I've gotta recommend Noodle & Pie hands down. As far as other stuff on the menu, we ordered spring rolls which were just okay (and not worth $10 for how small they were) and my husband got the burger. He also left more unsatisfied than he planned and was already asking when we can go to Company Burger to make up his burger craving. You've gotta be more on point than this place to do "Asian fusion" and make it in this city that is full of delicious other food and actual authentic Asian food. I hope this place improves for their own sake, but they still have a long way to go.Definitely appreciate the concept, but the food seems to be missing some flavor.  Our scallops were slightly undercooked. We tried several plates, large and small and everything was "good". Hostess seemed completely uninterested in guests/greeting. Service (server) was friendly.  The caipirinhas were far from authentic-and not good.It was a toss-up between Rebellion and Mopho and we chose to come to Rebellion while in NOLA. I loved the housemade kimchi. The empanadas were a great twist. Would definitely return again.Came here the first night in New Orleans, and had an okay time. The decor is my style, exposed brick with a modern twist. I think the place was under new ownership or it recently became a new restaurant. Nothing wrong with that but our waitress wasn't the most knowledgable when it came to the menu. 
As far as the food, it was on point. It took a bit long tho, the waitress did mention that he burgers take 15-20 min to cook, which wouldn't be too bad if we had atleast ordered some apps. The burger was great although the fries were good but not my favorite. My girl loves the fries cause she likes them thin and crispier and I prefer to feel like I'm eating potatoes. The food saved this place from going down to three just based on how underwhelming the experience was. It was a nice dinner, nothing to hype up about, as a tourist, there's prob a million other spots is go check out first. 
Overall honest rating is 3.6 starsLunch was alright but we wouldn't return. 
Pork belly sliders: served on a really sweet bun or had really sweet sauce, something made them taste like lHawaiian rolls sweet.. Fries were delicious with a great dipping sauce. The dipping sauce was the best thing we had.
Rebellion Ramen: not a big serving and unmemorable.  Pork belly had a lot of fat that wasn't thee let in your mouth kind.
Sorry for the tough review - not sure if we just had an off experience or what but in Nola there are a lot better options.My first visit to Rebellion.  I will update this review after my next visit.
The Rebellion burger with fries. The burger was prepared medium rare as ordered and the meat, was very very good,  toppings were fresh and cool, bun was also very good. 
The space has been expertly renovated, the bar section looks like a great place to hang out, the bartenders were attentive and friendly. I plan on revisiting Rebellion for the pork sliders and some drinks when I next visit New Orleans for fun. 
Rebellion is a great addition to the warehouse district and worthy of repeat business,  I know I will.