This is a milestone review for me on Yelp.  I had been struggling with which one to chhose.  I decidede to make it Redemption.  This was seriously one of the best meals of my ENTIRE life.  
This review was from about 2 months ago.  Sorry it is a little dated.  Such as life.  
The setting is an old church.  It is really a beautiful surrounding for a restaurant.  Although I am an old church architecture nerd.  It was really cool to look around.   
The service was incredible.  I was hear as part of a group of 7 other characters, several were part of the NOLA restaurant scene.  We wanted a good time with the meal and they provided it!   
Paneed smoked soft shell crab a la Christian.  I was not fortunate enough to have enjoyed the original.  I can not comment on the faithfulness to the founders recipe.  I can say this there is no highe calling for a soft shell crab than to be cold smoked and fried in preparation for this dish.  On to your 77 virgins and mecca for you!  But I experienced heaven eating this.  
Seafood stuffed filet of fish a la Christian's - This was superlative.  Again did not try the original, but the mirliton and seafood stuffing was heavenly, and more importantly improved the taste of the fresh flounder rather than competing for the spot light!   
The combination was quite possibly one of the 10 best meals of my life.  If you have been here, you should try it!It was our last night in NOLA and I made dinner reservations for 7:30 pm. I was impressed with the decor and design of the interior which use to be a church many years ago. The building had it's 100th birthday in March and is located  Mid City in the midst of cemeteries, funeral homes and some residential.
Our waiter Gregory N who formerly worked for a well known restaurant in town was humorous, professional and a native of NOLA. We started off with a bottle of Merlot and ordered the smoked deep fried soft shell crab and a cup of seafood gumbo. When the soft shell arrived I was taken back how large it was and tasted divine. The gumbo was also yummy and contained generous amounts of seafood.
For dinner I selected the Flounder, fried green tomato, and stuffed mirliton. OMG this entree was so delish. The fish was superb and the stuffed mirliton which was my first time experiencing and was delish. I can honestly say I experienced authentic Cajun food at Redemption. I sampled the stuffed gulf shrimp with crab stuffing and the taste was also outstanding. We ended our magnificent meal with the Crepes with Louisiana strawberries
What's funny is how I stumbled onto Redemption's by dinning at their casual sister restaurant earlier in the week which is located in Prairieville - Tommy's Fish house. Christian who runs Tommy's recommended Redemption. 
We had the pleasure to meet the owner of Redemption Marie and head chef Greg Picolo who were gracious to spend some time with us and make us feel welcomed. I must say that the seafood was the freshest quality and reasonably priced compared to several other high end restaurants we dined at NOLA.
Redemption exceeded my expectations and I would definitely return here next time I'm in NOLA.First time here - absolutely LOVE it....so happy!!!  The food extraordinary (especially smoked soft shell crab appetizer)... we all had the flounder - and all loved it. The converted church also amazing...love the settings.A beautiful setting but the food doesn't live up to the surroundings.  In particular, my wife had the Sauteed Fresh Gulf Fish and was disappointed by the fishy flavor.  Very little else of what we had that day stood out.
Add to that a bit too much of a "the chef prefers that you order all your food at once" type of attitude that detracted from the enjoyment.  Last I checked, the customer should have some say in how a meal gets paced.
I'll pass.Years and years ago before I lived here, I would come visit various friends and I ended up eating at Christian's a few times.  I always enjoyed it and when I moved here right after Katrina I was disappointed to learn that they had closed.  Here's the funny thing though, I had no idea where it was, I had never actually driven there.  Last night I found out that I used to live right around the corner from it and I never even knew it.
On to the review!
It's a gorgeous place to dine.  It's an old church that's been retrofitted into a restaurant.  The dining room used to be the chapel, complete with stained glass, and the light filtering in at dusk is romantic and beautiful.
There was only one waiter working that I saw, but he and his assistant were more than enough for the 4 or 5 tables that were occupied.  There was some local celebrity at the table next to us, a news reporter for Fox 8 I think, but I'm not sure.  
We started with the lamb lollipops, oysters Iberville and stuffed prawns.  The lamb was perfectly cooked and delicious, the oysters were good, especially for July and the stuffed prawns were average.  Also, who calls them prawns in Louisiana?  This is a creole restaurant, not a chinese restaurant, they're shrimp.  SHRIMP.
Next we got a salad which was a wedge of lettuce with some blue cheese and bacos.  Worst $8 I've ever spent on a salad.  
The entree was good, I got the duck and my wife got the fish.  The fish was better; flavorful, moist and flaky.  The duck had a good flavor but was (in my opinion) way overcooked.  All of the sides that came with both dishes were very good.  The fried green tomatoes were probably the best I've ever had.
For dessert we had the banana fritters with coconut ice cream, the pistachio cheesecake and the Mid-City crepes.  There were all top notch, but I would have gladly eaten another order of the banana fritters even though I was completely stuffed.  
Here's my breakdown for the rating:
Overpriced - 1 star
Horrible beer selection - 1 star
Over cooked duck - 1 star
Amazing sides and desserts + 1 star
Ambiance + 1 star
I will definitely be back, even if it's only for drinks and dessert.The back story for this long-time New Orleans institution is an interesting one.  Many people have fond memories of the days when Christian's was a big thing.  Since the re-opening, there have been some growing pains.  Don't let that take away from this up-and-comer, though.  With a more recent return to new spins on some favorites from the old Christian's menu, this establishment has shown that it knows what the locals want.
The menu is contemporary Cajun/Creole with a spin of its own.  Service is personal and hard to match elsewhere.  And who could resist the simplistic elegance of former house of worship -- stained glass included!
Overall, Redemption is not quite at the level of quality or consistency of a top-rated restaurant...yet.  But definitely on the up-swing and well worth the drive on any day.
Food:  24 / 30
Decor:  28 / 30
Service:  26 /30
Wine List:  24 / 30;  Moderate but well, balanced list.Went for Sunday brunch . The service was great for us as there was only one other table being served. The gumbo was so salty with burnt roux.  It was not edible .  The Bar B que  shrimp and grits had twice as many shrimp heads as shrimp. Don't think air condition works . The inside of the restaurant is very nice . It's just such a shame they can't serve good food . I won't be back.I have been curious about this place for a while, but got invited to lunch there yesterday.  This is my experience.
At 11:40 the parking lot was completely empty and we thought perhaps it was not open.  On the way over I joked that churches make me uncomfortable...in a few moments I was about to find out just how prescient my statement was.
The door was cracked open so the four of us escorted ourselves inside and walked into a completely empty building.  There was no host, no servers, no diners, and dark mahogany chairs that looked like they must cost a fortune.  The whole decor was remarkably dark including the soaring vaults and ceiling joists.  It reminded me of the blackness of my soul.  Not a good feeling.  
We waited for a few minutes and a hostess eventually came to seat us.  When greeting us she said "Oh, we thought it was going to be a quiet day because of all the rain!"  Apparently 4 customers at lunchtime is not a slow day at Redemption.
We were seated in the middle of the room and the first thing that came to mind was the eerie yellow lighting caused by the sun shining through the stained glass.  When I say "stained glass" I do not mean pretty religious renderings in vibrant color, I mean that the glass just had a yellow tinge as if it was stained.  
The lighting would continue to affect me and one fellow diner throughout the entire meal, which lasted approximately an hour and a half due to slow cooked meals, an apparent server crash upon attempted bill payment.  The hue of the sun coming through the glass affected me the way fluorescent lighting affects some people/causes migraines/anxiety--if you are one of those people I caution you not to eat here during the day.  
Okay, so now the good stuff.  Despite the anxiety onsets causing me to want to get up and move swiftly towards the exit punctuating the entire meal, the meal itself was quite good.
The warm, fresh bread that they brought out twice during the meal was that perfect combination of crusty on the outside, chewy/warm/moist on the inside.  I ordered a cup of gumbo to start the meal and it was served in what appeared to be a pewter mortar (although I hope for health reasons it was not pewter) which stayed bloody scorching hot throughout the entire cautious slurping process.  They could have dumped this stuff onto medieval castle invaders and melted them promptly.
Three of us ordered a paneed chicken breast with a bacon cream reduction, wilted spinach, and mac & cheese.  The fourth ordered a pecan crusted catfish over crawfish risotto.  The meal took approximately 45 minutes to arrive, which isn't unheard of, but is sad in a place where you are the only customers.  
Everything was pretty good.  Nobody had that "OMG mmmmmmm" experience that occurs so frequently in this city, but everybody agreed that it was all yum-o.  After the wait food always tastes a lot better.  
Concerned that we were embarking on a 2 hour lunch service that we were not sure our bosses would agree we were entitled to, we implored our waiter to bring us our check.  We split it 4 ways, which sometimes takes a little while to punch in, but after 20 or so minutes the waiter returned and said there was a "blackout" and the system had to be re-set  (feeling trapped, anxiety rising, can't get out of here, agonizing jaundice lighting).
Finally got our tabs, $17.00 a piece, over-tipped, made a b-line for the parking lot.  
If the restaurant is called Redemption, parking lot should be called Freedom.I had so much hope for this place...but it was not good.  Apparently I don't know what  Paneed means because to deep fry a lamb chop is truly hearbreaking!  
Our server seemed realitively new, she couldn't tell me what cut of lamb chop was offered.  I don't like to order loin chops at restaurants, lucky she found out they were rib chops...yeah!  And medium rare please as the chef "recommends".  
My date had the stuffed salmon.  And then...our server asked for a temp on that too?  I found that questionable to doubtful that was going to happen.  
I am a formally trained chef. My boyfriend looks at me with question and I know disappointment looms.  I suggest he get it medium, knowing this is impossible.  If the fish is medium the stuffing will be cold.  But hey they offered, so give that a spin!
Imagine the absolute horror on my face when my entree arrived.  Why would you deep fry a lamb chop?  And they were so tiny and thin...just one well done, very crunchy, flavorless bite per very long well frenched bone.  Now back to that medium salmon...it was well done.  As I suspected.  Very monochromatic and fishy in nature. 
Needless to say our meals were expensive for the quality.  It was very hard to justify the cost and leave feeling hungry.  It's a beautiful space but a culinary fail.   There is way better food within blocks.I've been wanting to come here for a long time being a mid city resident.  HOWEVER, the trout was sub par and came with pea risotto (really??).  And apparently, the chef is a little snobby (go figure).  I am currently on blood thinners and my dish came with asparagus.  I asked if it could be substituted and was told "Chef doesn't like to do that."  Whatevs....Guess what...They didn't substitute for anything.  I will not be returning....Unless someone else pays for my dinner...Sorry.  I really was looking forward to being impressed.I love this menu. 
Thank goodness there's still some New Orleans restaurants that aren't afraid to make pomme frites.I'm so glad this is a restaurant space again. Pre-K I went to Christian's often and it was nice to back inside this churchy location.  
The food was wonderful. I started with a lovely mixed green salad with a pungent & delicious blue cheese. And then had the stuffed baked shrimp withe hominy cakes. Seriously tasty. My dining companion had a very lemony/anchovy-y caesar salad (and I mean that in a good way) and then stuffed salmon with gnocchi and asparagus. Since I sampled her food too, I thought the gnocchi were a bit heavy, but still delicious.  Then for dessert? AMAZING dark chocolate creme brulee. Seriously y'all, I love fancy chocolate pudding and this was the fanciest (and tastiest).
Only off note was that our server was struggling. The restaurant was busy because of superbowl weekend, but we never did get to hear the specials and had to ask for more bread.  Not that big of a deal really, especially when you view it in light of AMAZING dark chocolate creme brulee.An amazing meal!  Perfect date night location.  Great food, beautiful atmosphere, knowledgeable, professional waitstaff.  Can't wait to go back!Our annual holiday luncheon was at Redemption today. When we were deciding on a location for our party we checked into a few places. Our admin staff sent us the menu and everyone liked what they saw so we settled on Redemption. We called to make the reservations and were told that a banquet menu would be offered due to the size of our party (14 people).
At that point, we said thank you but we were going to pass because we wanted to order from the lunch menu. The person taking the reservation quickly reversed and said ordering from the lunch menu would not be a problem. We made the reservation for 12:30pm today but were called later and asked if 1pm was acceptable. We agreed and planned accordingly.
We arrived today at about 1:05pm, no later than 1:10pm. We were seated and saw that we had banquet menus at our place settings. Our office manager, who made the reservation, asked about this and we were offered lunch menus. 
We ordered drinks, appetizers, and entrees and thus began a 2+ hour fiasco. 
The appetizers took an hour to arrive. My colleagues did seem to enjoy theirs as did I. However, it was lukewarm. 
The office manager was a little upset with a couple of service related issues and that it was after 2:30 pm and our entrees had not yet appeared. She asked to speak to a manager. One of the wait staff went into the kitchen and got the "chef". Said office manager gets up and goes off to the hallway by the restrooms with him and lodges her complaint. 
So what does the chef do? He harangues her about our party being "late" for the 1 o'clock reservation and says that the entree preparation is being delayed further by her asking to speak to a manager who also happened to be the person making us lunch (as if she would know that). He also managed to throw in the irrelevant points that he was also a "manager" and "part owner". The only thing that would have made it better is if he'd said it with a thick french accent while throwing his hands in the air in outrage.
We finally got our entrees near 3:00pm and were able to resume our lives.
My takeaway is-
The owners need to find someone who is capable of managing the expectations of the customers spending the money. Our party overlooked quite a few things without complaint; getting drinks spilled all over 2 of our staff (no biggie, mistakes happen, hey why are none of the waitstaff helping clean it up?), 15 minute waits for a single glass of wine while when we were the ONLY customers in the place, etc.
The owners need to hire people who are  thoughtful, considerate, and professional. The "chef" was not it. 
PS - We liked the food! Thus 2 stars.Do not go here if you are a vegetarian! 
Although the ambience was great for Sunday brunch--quiet, no rushed feeling, jazz music in the background--we were upset to learn that we could make no substitutions on the menu, even though we are vegetarians and only one entree did not have meat or shellfish.  The waiter refused to allow us to substitute anything so we had a ham and cheese omelet without the ham and eggs benedict and a crab cake without the crab cake.  Not very customer friendly.
Also the host made a weird remark when we entered, asking us if he could play "Shalom Aleichem" for us.  Combined with eating in a former church, this made me a bit uncomfortable.Terrible in so many ways!!! Locals will be disappointed! Service is horrible, food just as bad! Every dish we had (4 of us) was smothered in nasty heavy sauces. I had the stuffed shrimp.... Not eatable  I promise. Chef needs a new career!
Drinks took forever & were not good. Waiter a bit snippy when we asked why such delay. 
Just don't get why people write good reviews about this place when there are so many great restaurants in Nola! DoneRedemption is located in an old church, which makes it visually a very stunning restaurant. 
It's location is a bit out of the way for most visitors, but it was on our way to a friends concert so we stopped by for a very early dinner.
The food was good, but now looking back not very memorable. GREAT sauces that I mopped up with crusty french bread, which is one of my favorite things to do. I felt the price was a little steep. 
Service here was the real killer. Terrible service with an awkward waitress. Our 2nd bottle of champagne wasn't chilled before hand, so we had to wait for it to chill in our ice bucket before ordering. Boo.My wife and i went their Friday night and the food and service were spectacular. We have not been to that location since it was Christians and they didn't dissappoint us at all. 
The only negative was that the BBQ shrimp were swimming on top of the grits, 86 the grits and they would have been perfect. The presentations were beautiful and the attention to detail was awesome. The soft shell crab was one of the best i have had. OMG , the pistacciao cheese cake was to die for!! Great job Chef, i will be coming back. My last suggestion would be to put a beautifull hostess at the front door to greet and welcome guests.Attentive waitstaff. Fun atmosphere! They accommodated a large group of us (14!). They were even nice to my 16 month old that wanted to wander around. 
Everyone could find something they wanted to order. However food was mostly forgettable...except the chocolate creme brûlée!As N'awlins expats on a 2 week visit back to the culinary center of the universe, my wife and I used our limited time to try eateries added since Katrina. Redemption was high on our list because we had been there several times over the years when it was Christians.  My wife described her allergy (to shellfish) to the waiter and a moment later the chef came out to describe to her the pains they took not to use the cooking containers used to prepare one dish to prepare another.  He personally went over the menu with her pointing out the dishes she could safely order.  We were totally blown away by his kindness and professionalism.  The place has been beautifully redecorated, nice art on the wall and warmer lighting.  I had soft shell crab meuniere with grits and asparagus...very good but not sublime.  The oven roast beet salad was however, unique and excellent.  We were pleased to see the place in such good hands, and will certainly go back again.This place has a lot to live up to since it's taking over the spot of Christians. Ambience is beautiful. You sit inside an old church with gorgeous potted plants hanging from the ceiling. 
We came during restaurant month so we had 3 small plates and a glass of wine for 35$. I started with the aligator sausage and waffle which was the best out of the three. Then I had the mussels, which were okay. The mussels were fresh but the sauce was kind of bland. The last dish was the calamari. They were lightly battered which I enjoyed because you could taste the squid better. The romaloude sauce was great. My sister got the frog legs which were in a sauce that was a little too rich.
I always comment on wait staff at the end so it doesn't seem as if I have a bias on the food if the service wasn't great. When we were first seated, we had to wait a while before the waiter came to our table (there were only 4 or 5 other tables at this time in the whole restaurant). Our waiter was very awkward... 
 All in all i would like to go back and try the regular menu and hopefully the wait staff can get it together. The most helpful person there was the host. He was the only one asking if I would like another glass of wine or how the food is.OFFENDED.  Publicly HUMILIATED by the Manager!
This was the first and only time I have literally been mistreated by a restaurant.  Our experience:  We showed up at reservation time to find that the restaurant had just delivered a piano, which for some poor decision was being tuned during dinner hours.  I was told that the tuning would only last a short while, which would have been fine.  Instead, the piano was tuned, ONE LOUD NOTE at a time for the entire meal.  Every diner in the place was on edge, and by the end of the meal it was maddening.
I asked the server, (who btw was EXCELLENT) to request that our bill be reduced 20%, so I could cover his tip but be compensated for the miserable experience.  The manager did not come to our table but offered 10%.  So I tipped well on the whole bill, accepted it and got up to leave.
Fortunately, the owner(?) asked how our meal was before we left.  I explained our disappointment, and he questioned the manager.  Who then literally began to argue with me, blaming the situation on my willingness to stay!  I was terribly embarrassed when the tactless woman raised her voice and verbally attacked me.  I found myself defending my choice to stay at the restaurant. Perhaps the low-bred woman would have been better suited for running a bar, not a supposed fine restaurant? In defense of the owner, he did offer to compensate me $50, but I declined.  Personally, all I wanted was sincere apology.
In summary, my dining experience was as follows:
I paid $200 to eat a dreadfully uncomfortable meal and then was berated and humiliated by the manager.
I feel like I just ingested a very expensive DIRT SANDWICH.This was my first time here even since it was Christians and I was very happy with the restaurant, food, and staff.  The restaurant was reserved for our private party and had a prefixed menu and everything on it was delicious!  My friend sitting next to me had a special request from the rest of us and I was a little jealous because hers looked awesome as well!  We were very well treated by the staff and all the plates were brought out with perfect timing.  I can't wait to go back again.  Ceiling is a little leaky so just watch your plate.  :)A very nice local Nola find! 
Located inside a small old renovated church, the natural yellow glow created from the sun shining through the stained glass is unlike anything I've seen in any restaurant. Great mood setter - I'm sure it's even more beautiful around dinner time at sunset. 
Tasty dishes prepared in the style of classic New Orleans cuisine.. Lots of great seafood options.. Large wine selection.. Great dessert and I'm not even really a sweets guy. Prices were also reasonable.
Bring a date for a special occasion!Awesome service, great atmosphere, excellent wine selection, and very tasty food.  I loved the eggplant and grilled oyster apps, and enjoyed the filet as well.  The filet was cooked to perfection (medium rare as I requested).  I've been to Redemption several times and I always leave extremely satisfied.  Chef Greg and Maria are very welcoming and accommodating.  I highly recommend Redemption.Disappointing. I had been waiting to eat here, having passed it several times and hearing good things. I walked into a very different place than expected. The outside of the restaurant is so quaint and looks like time has been spent on the conversion of church to neighborhood chic restaurant. The inside is a large open room with hanging plants and poorly chosen artwork. As I walked up to meet my friend who was sitting at the bar she told me the two waiters at the bar had ignored her and chosen to stand idly gossiping about the one seated table in the restaurant. Ok, bad start... But it was time for a little redemption. Once seated our party of four perused the menu. We asked our waiter of we could order an appetizer while we looked over things. He told us that was not possible because he had to put the entire order in together (remember there was only one other table seated in the restaurant) he then went on a tirade about the fight him as the chef had gotten into over this. Awkward. Once deciding on what we wanted we put in our full order. As soon as the appetizer plates were picked up, the entree arrived. No time to order our wine.  This is new Orleans right? By the time they brought the wine to the table, we were almost done with our subpar highly overpriced meal. So much for timing! All in all the ambiance failed, the service was dismal, the food ok at best and to top it off the thermostat must have been set at 60! 300 dollars we will never get back, but the gelato at brocatos around the corner was delicious as usual.I was visiting New Orleans with my wife to visit my daughter and son who've both lived in NO for years and we were celebrating my birthday and her graduation (as well as other my son's).  We arrived early for our 7:15 reservation and were seated at 6:15 in a largely empty restaurant.  Very accommodating waiter (Gregory) took care of our drink order and first round of appetizers which were a dozen oysters on the half shell.  By 645 or so our dinner order was placed.  Our party of 7 ordered a mix of wine, beer, cocktails and water as we chatted and enjoyed oysters and hot bread.  The AC was out so it was warm ... some would say sticky but we were  having a nice time.  By 815 (one hour after ordering) my son sensing my nascent  restlessness, that it was taking a little long for dinner, explained to me that the slow rhythm of dinner at Redemption was all part of the experience and that hearkened back to days gone by; not to worry.... more good conversation and by 8:45 and more drinks and wine,  I'm asking the waiter "what's the deal?" and he said he's sorry acknowledging the long wait and said it would be a few minutes.  9:40 PM, 3 hours after ordering we were served.  We ate hurriedly just because we'd all been in those chairs for close to 4 hours, we were hot and wanted to leave and go home.  The food was good I guess but the wait ruined what could have been a fantastic meal.  My daughter had let them know it was my birthday and they agreed to do a cheesecake.  They botched that too and told her it was not available.  I expressed my disappointment to the owner and she said she would compensate us and then sent the waiter over to he the table with a bill discounted 30%.  In the end I tipped the waiter 20% based on the full bill and paid for drinks.  I was inclined to walk on the whole bill but we did have a nice time with our group enjoying drinks and conversation.  But I wasn't about to spend 1 penny on the food.  I was told by the owner he was training new staff and was having a bad night... REALLY?? So what I say.  You don't train new staff on a Saturday nite and you check your bad mood for after the shift.  The chef would be gone if he worked for me. In summary I will never go back because it seems the owner doesn't have a clue or the guts to act like and owner and the chef sounds more like talented child with a lot of maturing to do.I attended a wedding reception here last night and we had such a great time! The building is BREATHTAKING. Our food was wonderful too. Gumbo, a spinach salad, and I had a filet topped with an onion and a side of asparagus. But what really made the night amazing was the staff! The service was absolutely perfect and we were treated so well. The bride and groom felt like royalty and the night was just wonderful. Thank you so much for everything!A couple months ago my fiance and I decided to have our wedding here for next year. We sat down with the owner "Maria" and decided on everything we were going to do. The next day, I tried to get her the deposit, but we could not get in touch with her at all. We emailed, called, nothing. Now we are searching for a new location because of Maria's poor business offerings. 
She was very unprofessional and very discourteous for not responding to ANY OF OUR ATTEMPTS TO GET IN TOUCH WITH HER. To anybody else attempting to have your wedding here, BEWARE, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT!! LOOK ELSEWHERE!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!!!Went here last night and was blown away. The setting is amazing - so beautiful inside with the old church fixtures and local artist's work on the walls. Came for the happy hour and ended up staying for much more than that. Oysters are 50 cents during happy hour, and master shucker Aaron delivered beautiful, clean and sweet oysters to us that we're simply delicious. Bartender Madeline hit us up with some awesome Pimm's cups. We shared the foie gras and stuffed mushroom appetizers, the foie gras was awesome, mushrooms lacked salt. For entrees we had the smoked soft shell crab pasta which was amazing, daily fish (grouper ) with vegetable jambalaya which was prepared perfectly, but the winner of the night was the duck cassoulet with Terranova sausage and foie gras. So many wonderful flavors on one plate! We didn't have room for dessert. 
I look forward to our next dinner at Redemption!Sunday brunch and drinks in a converted church? Yes, please! I was sold on the story and the decor, but yet again the food did not match the surroundings. It started off on a bad note as our waiter ignored my boyfriend's drink order and walked off like he didn't exist. The waiter then decided he didn't want to serve us and would rather go home, so he pawned us off on a coworker yet stayed around the entire time we ate. 
I started with the butternut squash bisque, which was sickeningly sweet. It tasted exactly like bread pudding sauce, which wouldn't have been startling if I had ordered dessert, not bisque. I really disliked it, but no one came to check how it was so it languished full on the table for the rest of brunch. A third waiter came by and said that fresh baked cheddar biscuits were in the oven for us, but they never came (We did see some biscuits make it to the table in front of us, though). Normally no biggie, but when the restaurant is nearly empty and so is your stomach, biscuits sound like heaven.
I followed with the Grits and Grillades (veal medallions), which would have been delectable if it wasn't drowned in brown gravy. It became grit soup, which was a real shame because the flavors were quite tasty. In addition, the veal was tough and sparse. I am hoping these mistakes were opening flukes, but I am reticent to return at this point in time.The interior of this restaurant is absolutely stunning. I am not usually concerned with such things when eating out, but I spent most of the meal gaping at how pretty the place is!
I went for brunch, and the food and service were both excellent. I had the omelet of the day as well as a salad, and both were very tasty. I also liked the muffins they brought to the table, though I was not as crazy about the bread. Also, I would have appreciated better coffee. Everything else was excellent, and I would go back for sure.The venue was awesome, the food was good and the service was strange.
We had a reservation. We arrived. We were greeted super friendly by a staff member who was cut off by the hostess. The hostess asked us to wait and let us standing 10 minutes. Then she looked for our reservation and had to put together a table for us even though they weren't busy.
The waiter told was not familiar with the wine or beer menu menu and asked us for the lot number or what number from the top of the list the wine was. 
The food was good. With a few changes, it could be really awesome. Our group really liked the crab stuffed mushrooms. They were awesome. The soup and fish of the day were also good. Many of us ordered the soft shelled crab pasta dish. The pasta and the crab cake were amazing. The smoked soft shell crab had potential to be good.Absolutely the worst experience I've had in New Orleans after living here for two and a half years.  
We arrived as a party of 7 at 6:15 - we had a reservation for 7:15, and they were able to seat us soon as we walked in. Wine service was fine, we got drinks and appetizers at an adequate speed (however, no one would describe it as fast) - and then we waited for our entrées to be served 2 and a half hours later. Overall we waited in the restaurant 3.5 hours for our dinner, then ate it and left within twenty minutes. They didn't communicate why food was late until we asked to see the owner, who still didn't give us a reason, and when we asked the waiter he said "the chef is a perfectionist and he's training new people". This was 3 hours after we arrived at the restaurant. To top it off, I had arranged to have a surprise dessert brought out for my dad's birthday. Unsurprisingly, by the time they served tables around us and ignored us for 3 hours, they were out of cheesecake. Really, really, really disappointed in this place.Had lunch, the Prawns del lago was good, the pork chop was overcooked but good, the paneed chicken was good, large portions and fresh food. The shrimp came out as a share plate for two as requested, we had to use our butter plates for sharing and they were never removed from the table thru the entire meal, even with the shrimp heads left on them.First let me say that I looked forward to a meal at Redemption for months based on the architecture alone. Turns out that would be the only thing that was enjoyable. Sadly, for a one hundred dollar meal for two, the only positive was the bread served before the meal and the poor waitress whose tips I am sure suffer for the terrible food. We arrived at 6 pm and were the only table for almost an hour - this should have told me something. We left at almost 8 and at that point there was only one other table of guests. We asked the waitress if this was normal and she sheepishly said it must be the drizzle of rain...but both Katie's and Pascale Manale's within two blocks, had guests on a waitlist outside the door and full parking lots. 
We each ordered the three course offering of the day. Not one dish had anything to write home about or anything impressive. They only offer about 5 wines by the glass. Of course the one I pick - they dont have. Strike one but hey, that happens right?
First Course:
Gumbo: Very salty. Standard thick brown roux you can get at just about any average restaurant in the city. Grade: C.
Greens and Roma Tomato Salad: They forgot the tomatoes. We were the only table and they forgot one of the only three ingredients that make this salad. When we were done they brought out a sliced roma tomato on a coffee saucer with salad dressing. Really? Grade: F. 
Second Course:
Pork Tenderloin with pasta and greens: Ever had dish placed in front of you and you can tell by looking at it that it isn't going to be memorable? The dish was lukewarm. The brown sauce was similar to the thin brown sauce that you can get at a Chinese restaurant. Grade: C.
Catfish Courtbouillon: I *love* courtbouillon. I was hopeful even after the salad that this was going to be the redemption of this experience. Not. at. all. Living in New Orleans there are too many options for amazing food to offer inedible food. The piece of catfish was covered in what tasted like chunky ragu- only not good ragu- the taste was "off". The catfish was completely "fishy" and tasted questionable. This may be one of the three times in my life I have had to send a dish back after two bites. What puzzles me is that there are other reviews on here about the catfish being fishy. What's up with that? Grade: F- (if that were possible)
Replacement dish - Grilled Chicken with potatoes. I asked for the sauce on the side in the event that somehow you could screw up grilled chicken with sauce. They couldnt even do that. The "sauce" which was watery with chunks of ham in it was put in a little side dish on the plate - had run over and the chicken was sitting in it. The grilled chicken was just that, a piece of grilled chicken. The potatoes were ok. I took two bites of chicken and ate two pieces of potato.  Grade: C+
Dessert:
Chocolate Torte: Eh. Nothing special at all. A very thin wedge of torte with a little sauce drizzled on top. It was nothing more impressive than what you could pick up at Sam's. Grade: C
Creme Brulee: Ok. Seriously. This dish has some minimum requirements...I only found one on this dish. The caramelized sugar was perfect on top. The rest of it? Sigh. It was more the consistency of pudding that had been watered down with some ice cream. The taste would have been good if the consistency was right. Consistency kind of makes this specific dessert. Grade: C
At the end of the meal we found ourselves having to laugh at how terrible this meal was. We even debated going some place else when we left for a meal. We settled on two cups of coffee and a cookie from a local coffee shop.  I kept shaking my head and saying "this poor waitress". She tried to cover for the terrible food and experience....but sadly there is no way I will ever recommend this restaurant or its food to anyone. For $100 for two people, try any place else.I was very much looking forward to my meal here, but was very disappointed.  My friend and I went for Sunday brunch.  The menu did provide a wide array of choices.  Together we ordered a salad, an appetizer special and mussels special.  The folks at the neighboring table had ordered the mussels and it was a generous portion.  We asked to keep a menu in case we wanted to order more food but were told by our server, "Chef doesn't like that and would prefer that you order everything at one time."  Just to clarify-this was a Sunday afternoon and the restaurant was approximately 15% occupied.  The salad was small but the dressings were tasty.  The sauce for the mussels was a lovely blend of garlic, wine & butter.  However, after eating 7 or 8 mussels with 1/2 of them tasting strongly "musky," my tablemate and I ceased eating them (at bill time we discovered the mussels were $20!).  We asked the server if we could order the crabcake benedict & he allowed us to do so.  It was thoughtful that the dish was delivered with 2 poached eggs b/c we were splitting it.  Maybe the crabcake was well executed; we were so preoccupied retrieving crab shell from our mouths and trying to be delicate about it. . .
The greeter/hostess at the entrance was cold, but service was warm & professional.  Though I wonder if Chef knows he's being represented as one who is so directive and inflexible-it conveys a strongly unpleasant message to diners of course.  The facility is really very pretty.  Maybe I just caught Redemption on an off day, but it set me back $65.  It's not like ordering an $8 po boy for which you didn't care.  And I don't care where I order a crabcake-it's completely unacceptable to encounter so much shell-that's prep 101.  I don't know of another resto that can match the ambience, but next time I'm going out for a nice meal I'll return to my tried & trues like Bayona or Dante's Kitchen.I gave Redemption another try. The service was better this time around. Attentive staff and fast service. My meal was delicious, which was the      Crispy Paneed Chicken Breast, Pancetta gravy, macaroni & cheese, creamy spinach. I have never been a spinach person, but I must say this spinach I ACTUALLY ate and could have probably ate a whole plate of by itself. The food here is great. This is a wonderful location for a business lunch.If you are going to be closed for the entire month of July, you might want to make sure your reservation system reflects that. We made a reservation for 3 on Open Table last night, only to find the restaurant shuttered when we arrived. And we weren't the only ones. In the five minutes we were there trying to piece together what was up, a gentleman rolled down his window and said the same thing had happened to him. 
Instead of having dinner at 7:30 like we had planned, we had to stop in at half a dozen restaurants before finding a table...at 9pm.Celebrated my birthday with friends today - we all agreed the beautiful atmosphere, delicious food & great service made for a wonderful dining experience!  I asked if the chef could make the smoked soft shell crab Redemption has perfected - my birthday wish was granted :)  Can't wait to return again!!     PCBeautiful restaurant with quality menu and perfect staff.
I scheduled a business lunch here recently and was duly impressed. The old-church setting reeks of antiquity and astonishing good taste. Impeccably mannered staff are to be congratulated, and should teach courses to every other waitstaff in the city.
I started with the soup du jour, a tomato with tarragon and various herbs, and a Maytag blue cheese mini-sandwich used as a crouton. Clever and flavorful, it was good choice for starting a meal.
My entree was the panneed trout. The portion was beyond ample, and had I known, I may have ordered something less filling! The "paneed" was, to be honest, closer to deep fried, with a great deal more breading than I would have put on a paneed dish, but so be it. The fish was firm and delicious. I found that I had to ask for a little salt and pepper, which is a matter of taste no doubt, but unusual in a New Orleans restaurant to find a dish a little bland.
My lunch meeting lasted two hours, which seemed to not give the staff a bit of worry, but possibly they're accustomed to patrons lingering in their lovely restaurant.The most expensive dinner I've had in New Orleans should not be a two-star meal. There is something devilish afoot if that is the case, and yes, it is. 
We thought it would be romantic to have dinner at the old church, what with our proposed careers as ministers. When the old church is half empty at peak hours on a Friday night, there is something devilish afoot. 
Opener to the meal: the ceiling is leaking on our table. No one notices but us, despite a growing stain on the tablecloth and the steady plink-plink-plink of water on a bread plate. I tried to convince my dining companion to just put his wine glass under the drip because it would have entertained me. He was having none of it, and I agreed that we probably shouldn't have to dine in a rom-com just because we could. When we asked to move, we were given the stink eye by a waiter. Something devilish was afoot. 
First act: service was slow, and we were often ignored. It took us 20 minutes to get water and place drink orders. In another 20 minutes...something devilish was afoot. 
Second act: the menu looked delicious. Everything was tempting except the prices. I was a little taken aback at the numbers compared to some of the other big games in town. Something devilish was absolutely afoot. 
Intermission: this is the part in the meal where the food takes half a century to appear. Because that happened. Yes, friends, something devilish must have been afoot in the kitchen if it took that long to make our food. 
Third act: the appetizers were stellar. My choice of wine was stellar. I am clearly superior to my higher instincts. Things look very good from this vantage point. Nothing devilish was afoot. 
Climax: entrees appear after a pause of forever. Neither are quite hot enough. Both are too salty. Let me repeat that: both entrees are way, way too salty. At $26+ per plate, we should not have salt issues. (Lest you think I'm an anti-salt crusader, I don't think I've ever had a problem with salt in any of my other Yelp reviews. Me and NaCl are buddies. We go way back.) This is Not Good. Can we find a server to comment on this? Nope. We were both hungry so we plowed ahead on the eating portion, but I probably should have brought the salt thing to a staff member's attention. It just seemed like an extra pain in the butt at the time. Something was afoot, and it was devilish. 
Final act: dessert was necessary to wash away that entree disaster. We shared something or other, completely not memorable. At this point, we were looking at our watches and wishing for a swift end to the evening. The kitchen drew the meal out for far too long, and the service didn't help things along. The game afoot was devilish, no mistaking it. 
Critical review: devilish and not in the "eggs, which are delicious" way. I am still grumpy about the price of this meal versus the quality. 
Accessibility notes: several steps up into the restaurant. Space is loud with lots of echo. No Braille menu or signage. Tables are close together. Restrooms are a bit small for mobility devices.Been wanting to try this place since I accidentally stumbled across it while hitting some back streets. Got there around 6. Only people in there was my date and I. We each ordered their 3 course special. 
Course 1:
I had the sausage and okra gumbo. It was ok. At least it was hot. 
Date had a green salad. They forgot the tomatoes. Was a salad. Nothing special. 
Course 2:
I had the Pork Scallopini. Pasta was ok. 4 pieces of lukewarm pork with a brown sauce that tasted identical to the sauce you'd find in a cheap Chinese pick-up restaurant's beef and broccoli. 
My date had the Catfish Court Bouvillian. Ragu poured over a fishy tasting piece of fish. Sent it back for grilled chicken and potatoes. 
Course 3:
I had the flourless chocolate cake. Was ok. 
Date had the Creme Brûlée. Caramelized sugar on top was perfect. The custard was soupy and cold. 
Won't do this place again. If I'm going to spend $80+ on a meal I'll do Brightsen's, Muriel's, Tony Anggello's or a dozen other places that are every bit worth that money. The one star is for the French Bread that came before the meal. It was hot, fresh and good.  Last thing - we left around 7:30. There was a party of 4 there besides us. I asked the waitress if that was normal. She blamed the rain. Katie's 3 blocks up the street had people spilling into the street. Should have gone there. No redemption for Redemption.Yeech.  9:30 PM reservation.  Not many people in the restaurant.  We had to wait way too long for table to be set up.  That was minor but it continued to go downhill from there.  Ordered cocktails - nothing extravagant.  After 40 minutes and several inquiries, and then just plain begging for our drinks - we were finally told they are out of the vodka  that two of the party had ordered, and had no tonic anyway.  Why they didn't tell us this immediately is still a mystery.  About an hour in to sitting there, we were given overcooked, and tasteless bread.  There were 5 of us.  The dishes either had no taste/flavor, or were downright bad.  Its terrible when not even 1 of 5 meals were tasty.  To their credit, the crab cake that was part of my entree was ok, but it was about 1 bite worth of food.  We were so looking forward to dining there as we LOVED Christians and hoped it would be a similar experience.  There are numerous grocery stores nearby - when you are out of something as basic as tonic - get in the car and go buy some.  Also, how hard is it to buy some decent bread in New Orleans of all places????  In addition to the food, it was one problem after another.  In spite of the fact that the person who appeared to be the manager and/or owner was seated no more than 10 feet from our table the entire night, she never once came by and made any apologizes, offer a bottle of wine, nothing!  Oh, and the fly/pest strip that is sitting on a beam above our table does not make a nice touch when you are dining in a restaurant with those prices.  The prices are extravagant given he lack of quality.  For instance, the food portion of my bill at Commanders the night before was about the same.  Maybe they were just having an exceptionally bad night. but I don't think I would give it a second try.I called the restaurant January 15th to find out if they had a fixed menu for Valentines Day.  They stated they didn't and you could order from the regular menu.  I made a reservation and by chance I went online to look at the menu Feb 8th and found a fixed price Valentines Day menu.  I called and was told that you had to take this menu and $75 per person.  This was grossly unfair because by this time there weren't any reservation available at other restaurants.  We cancelled anyway.Excellent soft shell crab 
Caesar salad with avocado and artichoke was very good.  Shrimp de Lago was the best. Oysters take a pass. Little tough.Redemption has a new menu out!  Pineapple/Tomato soup, soft-shell crab and oysters over a grilled portabello....yummy new appetizers! I'm so glad it's in the neighborhood.Today I satisfied my anxious curiosity and got to Redemption for lunch. What a great afternoon delight. My wife, friend and I had appetizers, entrees and desserts, all of which were excellent. Little wonder since I know Daniel Tobar is in the kitchen. He's a rockstar chef I follow anywhere, though this is the best physical plant restaurant he's ever been in. Beautiful interior, the light was just right for relaxed lunch, and the other staff were knowledgeable and attentive. My BBQ shrimp and grits were platonic, perfectly seasoned and not too greasy like some. Of course I miss Christian's, but I shed no tears since the new place really rates!Uninspired food - a nice waiter - fine dining with Denny's execution! Clueless hostess. Christmas day dinner choices sorely lacking - won't be back. Too expensive for what it is - they think a lot of their restaurant!OMG! This is the first time I've ever written a negative review about anything.  I'm doing it because I feel the need to inform people about what is truly the worst meal this foodie and his foodie wife have ever experienced in New Orleans.  Absolutely horrible.  And of course, unapologetically horrible, our favorite type!  The two dishes our guests had may have been OK, but they were cold.  Of course the server disappearing in the kitchen to eat his own meal was also a fan favorite.  Please do yourselves a favor and go anywhere but this place.  And if you dismiss this review and go anyway, be sure to review and relay your experience.   We all owe it to the dining public.  My wife and I don't typically complain this way.  We just don't go back to places we don't enjoy.  But take it from us.  This place is beyond redemptionI haven't had a chance to come here when it was Christians, but I'm sure Redemption is just as good, or better. It used to be a church. This is fine dining, and you can definitely tell from the decor. High ceilings are great and the bar is in a semi-enclosed section in the front that used to be a cry room for mothers and their babies when it was church. They have live music on the weekends, although i went for dinner on a tuesday. They have plants hanging here and there, which give it a nice touch, as well as nice paintings. Very nice decor. Also, the who's who of New Orleans have been coming here. Former mayor Sidney Barthelemy was a few tables from us (actually one of only a few tables on a tuesday evening).
I tried: 
cup of gumbo ($6), and it was ok (i'm not a gumbo expert, not being from here)
crabmeat stuffed jumbo flash fried shrimp w/ remoulade which was amazing
Fire roasted ribeye ($28) also amazing. comes with chevre baked ziti (not like the kind u get in nyc; no red sauce, but amazing)
Flash fried drum fingers ($20), which is filleted black drum fish fried. The fish itself does not have much flavor, but the batter is good and the cheese grits that come with it is amazing.
For dessert i tried Flourless chocolate cake, pistachio cheesecake, and the fried banana fritters. chocolate cake was good, and the pistachio cheesecake and fried banana fritters were really, really, really good. $7/each. 
Will obviously go again.Went here with a group of friends - we do a monthly dinner club, and while the company is the real incentive, we do summarize each restaurant -- and Redemption was a huge hit. And, frankly, a pleasant surprise. Not that we had low expectations, but we just hadn't heard anyone talking about it. Like ever. Well, they should start talking. 
First of all, the cold smoked soft shell crab app is amazing. Unlike anything I've had before. Even if you're on the fence about softshell crab, do it. The entrees were perfect - the big winners were the duck cassoulet (special), the filet, and the porterhouse.
Definitely do the banana fritter dessert with vanilla ice cream with chocolate and caramel drizzle - all the desserts were great, but that was the most unique and soooo delicious. Thanks to the gang for making me look so smart for picking it for the Hunger Games Dinner Club! Will definitely go back again.Went here for a big dinner for work, about 50 people. It is really neat inside, with plants hanging from the ceilings. Service was ok, can't really judge when there is a huge group of people. The gumbo was excellent. Lots of seafood and okra in it. The fish entree was...ok. Not spectacular. Tasted a little fishy. I didn't get the pork chop, but I kinda wish I had. Everyone who got it enjoyed it immensely. The chocolate cake was pretty good. Extremely rich, which coming from someone who lives and breaths chocolate, that's saying something. 
All in all a good meal, but a little expensive for what you get. I'd go again.Really enjoyed Easter Sunday brunch.  There were several very large family tables and everyone had dressed up a bit for the occasion, including us.  The fixed price four course menu offered choices for the appetizer, entree, and dessert (green salad with an unusual and tasty spicy dressing was for everyone).  My husband had deviled eggs, duck with sweet potato hash, and chocolate creme brûlée.  I had spinach and oyster Revival, crab Benedict,  and a coconut tart with pecan caramel sauce and pineapple.  It was all delicious and served at a leisurely but attentive pace.  Sharffenberger sparkling wine by the glass is a big plus.  Let go of your anxieties about churches, dress up a bit, and just let the staff take care of you as they will while you enjoy watching the other diners.  It's like going home!A hidden gem in Mid-City that we totally forgot about....great menu, delectable dishes & perfect place for .25 cent  Martini Friday!Below Average! When a menu item states poached egg & you are served a hard boiled egg.... WTF!  Chef states it was put under broiler to melt the cheese!  Okay you should be able to adjust the cooking time to prevent this!  Just a sad place, if our party of 20 was not present the restaurant would have had 2 tabletops!  I think I know why people  not coming for Sunday Brunch!  Get a new Chef ASAP, it might be able to save you!My friend recommended to go here as "a must". My husband and I walked here from the national WWII museum (1 hour). It was a safe walk but you could take a street car or a taxi for a quick 10 min ride. The restaurant has been here for almost 40 years. It was purchased from the church in the seventies and converted into a restaurant. It became quite famous but Katrina destroyed the building and the owners decided not to come back and sold it. Maria, its current owner not only restored the building but brought back its glory to the restaurant scene. She had to hire a famous chef to keep up the reputation and he delivered! First we ordered the drinks - bloody Mary's and had them coming - they were soooo good. We ordered Bloody Mary oysters, crab cakes, seared foie gras, crawfish cheeseballs, cheesecake and creme brûlée. Every one of these dishes was outstanding. Foie gras was pared up with cherrie compote - impeccable dish. I have never eaten a cheesecake so light sand flavorful. To top off the experience, Maria's policy is that if you have to wait for a taxi more than 15 min, they will take you to your hotel personally. We will come again and recommend the place to tourists, large parties, weddings, romantic dinners!This is the place to wash away your sins...with wine. Food and service was great. Pumpkin butternut squash soup was amazing. We all left full and contentThis place was a fabulous find for Sunday brunch. I saw the ad in the Gambit for bottomless mimosas with purchase of first cocktail, and I was sold! (I'm a fan of sparkling drinks on Sunday.) We made a reservation, but didn't need to it seemed, as we were the only customers arriving at 11. The wait staff was cordial. The live music was soothing, and being inside of a church it felt very peaceful and warm. There are live plants hanging from the rafters, and yellow tinted plate glass windows cast the warmth I mentioned. 
Onto the food: I ordered the grits and grillades and, to be honest, it was okay. Maybe I'm apt to favor my dad's grillades over these, but it just wasn't anything to rave about; however, the grits were delicious.
My boyfriend ordered alligator sausage on waffles (an appetizer) and it was amazing!  This is what is definitely bringing us back, as well as the Chantilly strawberry crepe we had at the end. Delicious and not too sweet! 
Our waiter got a nice tip from us, as he was cordial, funny, and kept those mimosas bottomless. We will definitely dine at this establishment again.We went as a group of friends from the French Quarter who have been fans of Chef Greg Picolo from his years at The Bistro at Maison de Ville.  As the owners are in the seafood business, the best was available and we all had it. My starter crab cake was blessedly free of chunks of bell peppers and heavy binding elements and was served on a slice of fried green tomato.  Excellent!  I had the special flounder with stuffed mirliton while the others had redfish in a spicy sauce.  For vegetarians, the eggplant "Napoleon," a favorite from the Bistro, is on the menu here.  We had the dense, dark chocolate mousse for dessert which happily was not too sweet.  A nice bottle of Sancerre went well with our fish dishes.  A lovely room with the tables spaced well enough apart for pleasant conversation.  We will be back soon to try the very interesting sounding brunch.Redemption Restaurant is by the far the best restaurant in New Orleans. For those of you who didn't know, Chef Daniel Tobar has joined the Redemption Team as General Manager, however, he still manages to serve up the most delicious Redemption dishes. There is something unique and special about dining in an old historical church while listening to the sounds of New Orleans music--it's an absolute celebration! My filet Mignon topped with crabmeat was out of this world delicious! The food is fresh and cooked to prefection. As full as I was after dinner, I still managed to enjoy dessert--the pistachio cheescake!!! OMG!!! Need I say more. A note to out of towners - the streetcar runs right in front of the retaurant on Canal Street--making your trip to the restaurant more adventurous, romantic and intriguing. This restaurant is by far the coolest restaurant in New Orleans!! I give it a 10!!!!! Oh yeah, I have to add---they have a fabulous wine list!!!!This place deserves to be great, and it's just average. The church atmosphere is unique, creative and a wonderful aesthetic for what should be exceptional comfort food and Creole / New American menu options. There was not one thing on the menu that made me want to return. The menu was limited with few options, and nothing that made my tongue salivate with expectation. The food turned out to be just as ho-hum. Was it bad? No. It was fine. But in a city with amazing food options, that's just the problem. The owners need to pay careful attention and work harder to provie food that is as memorable as the price.I had the chance to visit Redemption today. It was a very pretty restaurant in this business that I came to know was called Christians. It looks like a former church, which gave it a very unique look which I liked.  Hostess was friendly, just wonderful and seated us right away even without reservations. Note: This place just recently open its actually not too bad of crowd for lunch time. We were seated and waiting for our party, although the waiter wasn't attentive. He didn't come by to ask if we wanted appetizers, drinks or anything. Another lady actually helped us more by bringing a member of my party a cocktail. We had to flag him down to order and ask him the special and he never brought bread to our table. He didn't really check on us just wasn't attentive to the table but everyone around us even those who came in afterwards seemed to get more attention and even bread. I'm very easy girl and usually love all service, but definitely not pleased with this. We actually had more attention from the truly nice guy who fills the water glasses, he needs to be one of the waiters!
The Food was cool. I went with the Fried Chicken with Gorgonzola cheese macaroni which was wonderful and filling. I could eat their mac and cheese by it self. The chicken was flavorful and I truly enjoyed the meal along with the great presentation. I'm all about presentation when it comes to my meals. I had to try a dessert. I went with their pineapple upside down cake, which was okay and warm so that was a plus.
Overall I had an okay lunch experience here. I honestly don't know if this is somewhere I would automatically jump to go back; although its a nice place to experience for the atmosphereI was really excited to try this place and was then so disappointed. The ambiance was nice, unique. The service was great. The food was not good. 
The stuffed shrimp appetizer was described as "lightly battered" and came out looking like a corn dog. My friend and I were famished, so we ate them, trying to pick out the shrimp and crab stuffing - the ratio of batter to shrimp was about 3/1 and the crab mixed with the batter. Worst of all - everything was flavorless. 
I had blackened redfish with crawfish etouffee, which was cooked well but was overly tomato-y. We had a side of asparagus that was so over salted that it was inedible. 
We were confused as to why/how they took good quality ingredients (shrimp, crab, asparagus, etc.) and removed/covered up the natural flavor.
Won't be returning.