Awesome Pizza and pleasant staff. We were in town for Essence Fest and stumbled across this gem.After spending the entire week in New Orleans, on my last night there, pizza delivery was just what the doctor ordered. I'm kind of a pizza snob, but this pizza was really good. The fresh ingredients made the flavor, but the crust was a perfect hybrid of a European and New York style crusts. I'm still not sure how they were able to deliver it to my hotel in 20 minutes, but I can't remember the last time I was so pleased with a pizza delivery experience.Stopped here on a long trip across the country from Florida to Oregon based on a local friend's recommendation. They had pretty good food, but not the best food I've ever had. I ordered a sandwich, but I don't really remember which one. It had a bunch of tasty meat on it!I just freaking like this place.   They have a huge glass storefront so you get natural light even when you're eating inside.  They aren't really busy outside of weekdays at noon.  And they serve the same good food as all of the other Reginelli's locations.
My personal favorite items on the menu are: the Ancona Caesar salad (I don't like caesar salad anywhere else and the flatbread it's served on doesn't hurt), the Pesto Tortellini (really good, but the portion always seems kind of small and it's always heavy on the oil), the Dream State sandwich (I mean, goat cheese and balsamic, hello) and the Smokin' Chicken pizza (carmelized onions and pancetta, too).  Really, no matter what location I go to, Reginelli's food always seems to be consistent, which means it is consistently delicious, and who doesn't like that?Their official website lists clearly lists our address within the boundaries of their deliver service on their website. When I called, I was told they don't go to our street after dark. The crime rate of our neighborhood is a fraction of that of the French Quarter according to crime mapping websites and so this decision clearly smacks of racism. But aside from that, they're also advertising falsely on their website and I will be calling the company headquarters about it.So this place is awesome! We came to New Orleans for my bachelorette party and our hotel was down the street from this restaurant. On our second night we went pretty late like literally 5 minutes before they closed (we never typically do that) but we were so hungry. They were so nice and the food was pretty amazing!! If you are in New Orleans and want to try so amazing pizza come to this restaurant!We have eaten here around 6 times or more. The servers are always friendly and laid back. The food is fresh and very tasty. The prices are reasonable and families seem to really enjoy dining here. If you are in need of a break from the French Quarter, this is perfect! I recommend any of the pizza, and the uptowner sandwich!I'm obsessed with the Dream Sandwich from Reginelli's. I was born and raised in the Northeast so I will never like southern pizza - but I would go for the other items on the menu. It's a chain and they also do delivery so it's great for college students especially. The baked brie is an especially good treat.Their garlic knots are so addictive. Covered in butter unapologetically. Their pizza  cute but filling and I'm in love with the pesto tortellini. Healthy it isn't but that is okay to splurge every once and a while.Amazing food!!! Great for groups, reasonably priced. Showed up on a Friday night with a group of 20 people and I only called ahead about an hour prior. They were able to split the checks 20 times! I had the Brie calzone appetizer and the pesto tortellini. I cleaned my plate , but wished I saved room for dessert. Highly recommend.Good pizza and cheap drinks, but slow service for being so close to Superdome. If service was quicker would be 5 stars! Took over an hour to get our food on a Friday night at 6pm and overheard waitress offer free drinks to table next to us since they forgot to place their order...if you aren't in a rush then this place is just fineWith the new menu, I'm so-so on Reginelli's. My favorite sandwich disappeared, but I also understand the need to reinvent yourself from time to time. 
The cups are huge so the drinks are always plenty. (Look, this matters to me because I only ever come here when I need SO MUCH CAFFEINE, okay?) The portions are decent. Most of the appetizers can stand in for an entree for one, which is pretty solid. The service is a rotating string of somewhat bored, somewhat desperate young folks. (I'm willing to bet that the servers just don't make the kind of money that incentivizes staying at a job like this for very long. This isn't career-making stuff, you know? It's more "summer job" level. Please tip them well.) The sandwiches are made on house-baked bread, which is enough for me. 
There is nothing that makes this location of Reginelli's stand out, but there is nothing that makes it suck, either. You could do much worse, and you will probably walk out happy. 
Accessibility notes: door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Stairs up to half the restaurant/all booth seating.Reginelli's is one of my favorite lunch spots in the downtown area and I'm sure it would be just as great for dinner too.  The pizza is good, but my personal favorite and recommendation is the Shrimp Forrest--tortellini, shrimp, and chopped pancetta in a spicy red pepper cream sauce. So delicious! The menu offers pizza, pasta, salad, and sandwich choices.
Helpful hints: Specials include $2 pitchers of beer (Abita Amber and Bud Light) on Mondays & Tuesdays and $10 bottles of wine (Papio Chardonnay and Cabernet) on Wednesdays. If you go to the Reginelli's website, you can print coupons. The coupon for $2 off a purchase of $10 of more personally helps me justify having Reginelli's for lunch instead of a subpar fast food option.
Weekday lunch beware--the wait for dine-in, pick-up, and delivery can be long.  Just be aware of that possibility so that you can plan accordingly; especially if you're slipping away from work.Good local pizza options with shrimp, gator, other.First and foremost, the food. Gourmet pizza that will rock your world whichever world that may be. Something different for every thing you're in the mood for. It's pizza though, so don't bother asking if anything is gluten free. Maybe some salad dressings are. Ancona salad is awesome. Great appetizers and some healthy ones also. Best pizzas are the Smokin Chicken and the Quattro. 
Excellent staff with insanely good management from Sean, Stephanie, and Shane. Take care of their employees and their customers. 
Probably the best thing though...$2 PITCHERS OF AMBER EVERY MONDAY AND TUESDAY ALL DAY!!!
Seriously, you will leave fat and happy and ready for some more downtown adventure. Check them out!!!Nice little street pizza place. I had the baked Brie pastry. It was good. They mixed up our order but the staff was very nice and the food came out quicklyThe pizza is whoop whoop!!! Highly recommend. Don't waste any more time looking for a pizza place. The service and and atmosphere are cool and cool. Dig it!!This has to be one of the worst experiences I've had in a really long time. The waitress never brought us utensils or napkins to eat with, my friend ended up getting up and getting them hisself. Even though there were about 10 customers in the ENTIRE establishment,  It took them a 45 minutes to bring me the wine, soup and salad I ordered for lunch. When we finally recieved our food, the orders were not 100% correct. The soup they gave us was luke warm and got an attitude when we asked them to heat it up. The waitress hardly came onto the floor to check to see if we needed anything. I'll think twice before coming here again. THEN after we paid, the waitress told us we were her last table and she was ready to go! I guess that explains the lack of service.Saw on yahoo this was voted top 20 pizza place in the country. So I decided to give it a try. The pizza was good and I would go back but I don't know why it was voted top 20 because it wasn't anything special. 
It kind of reminded me of Pizza Hut.The pizza was so delish! The crust was amazing and all of the ingredients were fresh. The calzone was also excellent. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it was a little over priced for pizza.I came here completely starving after a concert at Civic Theater, and had a chicken pesto panini that completely hit the spot for me. All of Reginelli's pizzas and salads have been really good from my experience, and it's one of the better places (of few) that I've eaten in the warehouse district.This was the worst pizza that I have ever had! Tasteless. It was dry and no sauce and very little cheese. The crust was dry and hard in some places. Never, never order from this place. I am 66 years old and have ordered many pizzas in my lifetime for dinners, birthday parties, events,etc. I threw the pizza out.Delicious! Ordered this after having a bad dinner experience and not eating. I got the small sausage and pepperoni and they delivered to my hotel with no delivery fee! It was amazing handmade dough. Must have for a late night slice!Ordered a delivery pie.  It came in less than 30 minutes.  
I got italian sausage, peperoni, red onions, mushrooms, black olives.
Crust was soft. Pizza was cheesy. Toppings were fresh.  Notably high quality pepperoni.
Not the best pizza I ever had, but perty dang good.  I'd order from them again.My review is solely for the pizza.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by the awesome pizza I enjoy back home but the pizza I ordered was not that great.  Not enough sauce and the ingredients tasted raw (I didn't order any meat ingredients, thankfully).This Reginelli's is conveniently located in the "social hub" (as I've begun calling it) of Poydras, where there is a nice selection of bars and different restaurants to choose from and the proximity to the Superdome can't be beat.
Some friends and I just wanted a quick snack, so we ordered a small pepperoni pizza (6) slices and it cost $9.33.  What I didn't understand was that a large pizza, which is 8 slices cost about $14.  A little over $4 for two more slices?  Seems odd, even if the slices are bigger than normal, but I digress.  The pizza was really good and the crust had a lot of flavor.  I will definitely be going back and trying some of their many specialty pizzas.Delicious! If you're tired of the greasy ,rich, delicious, and fatty typical nola food try this place out! Pizza's are great, salad is LARGE and delicious, soups are so so so good! Definitely will be eating here againGreat pie! Love their pizza and their cheesy bread! Awesome hole-ish in the wall. Come check it out!Great food. Amazing service!!! Ask for Hanna she was our waitress and she did an awesome job!!!!Pizza was fresh order was correct a little pricy but was VERY good!! I recommend this place for a wholesome pizza after having a few street drinksThis place is great. The 2 times I've been here have both been a little empty. The pizza is great. I hope lots of people come here. I want this place to be around for my future trips to NOLA. There were several people who stopped to pick up call in orders. Come here and eat. The vibe is cool too. The food is great.Yummmm! Great pizza and  salads. So tasty  Had delivery so cannot comment on atmosphere or dining.Love this place! Couldn't drag my son away. First tried it in Houston and wanted to try the original while we were in NOLA. Cheese bread is a delicious appetizer... basically a small pizza with the sauce on the side... red pepper sauce rocks! Went for lunch twice in a three day visit. Pizza has a crispy, light crust smothered in toppings... we split a Mediterranean and our son designed his own.. extra cheese and sundried tomatoes. Service was outstanding... waitress was very attentive and other team members came by throughout our visit to check on us. This place is definitely a gem... look forward to future visits!Staff were friendly. Food was fast. Pizza is great. They were also open on new years eve which is a plus. Great access to french quarter.Ok I have lived in the New Orleans area for 4 years and tonight is the first time I have tried Reginelli's Pizza.  We ordered the Tony's Pick but changed it up a bit. We took off the onions and added tomatoes and Gouda cheese with extra sauce.  
The pizza was delivered on a bicycle and was a tad jumbled but who cares it was delivered on a bike!
We were told it would take 45 minutes but the pizza arrived in 35!!!
I really liked the pizza they did not skimp on the toppings. There were over flowing toppings. 
The crust was crispy and soft at the same time and very good.Not too shabby, the price is good, especially on their beer, and the food is decent.  My biggest complaint is that the focaccia bread on the sandwiches always seems to be a bit soggy from the dressings they put on it, but they're still good.Hotel was across the street from this place so we tried this place out for takeout our first night. Online ordering is a little glitchy on a smartphone but I called to confirm the order and they were really nice about it. The regular pizzas were nothing special, but the gumbo and smokin chicken were FANTASTIC! My only complaint was the portion for the caprese salad was small for the price (not really sharable), but it did have fresh mozzarella.Typical sit down pizza place.
Pizza's weren't special.  They were twice as expensive than the $7 large 3 toppings I usually get when there is a deal from delivery places, but not twice as delicious.  They were, in fact, kind of unmemorable.
I was disappointed by the garlic sauce for the Hot Trio.  It wasn't very garlicy, at all.  I want to scare away the vampires, darned it!
It is a walk away from several hotels, and they have cheap beer, though.  They also have a good number of seating, so on a weekday evening, there is plenty of room for a large party, with no wait.Terrible service they took over an hour to bring our food and our waitress didn't even apologize about it being terrible!!!! Won't be backExcellent pizza - we each got a personal pizza and were stuffed. Recommend the pineapple and prosciutto.Got a pizza delivered to me. Was late, cold and very tight with toppings! Other than that, it was fine!!!We had lunch here on our last day of Mardi Gras weekend and it was excellent. I had the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer and the spicy chicken pizza. Both were very good.So it turns out Ska Saturday isn't a regular thing.   Reginelli's still gets a solid four stars for food and atmosphere.Great pizza, friendly service.  The table was sticky, but our waiter quickly cleaned it for us.  It took longer than I expected to cook two 10" pizzas, but the food was good.We went here for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It was the  before the Rock n Roll Marathon so all the runners were trying to load up with pasta. I ordered the baked tortellini and added a side of chicken. However, when my meal arrived, they had forgotten to add the chicken. The waiter quickly took care of the issue and brought me a side of chicken from the kitchen. I found the sauce to be a little thick and gloppy. My wife got the chicken and cheese calzone. It was a little undercooked,  but all in all tasty. While there's nothing outstanding about this restaurant, it served its purpose and provided us food for the race the next day. Considering the crowd and the amount of waitstaff that was available, they did a good job trying to move people in and out as fast as possible.This was in walking distance from our hotel....very very yummy! 2 dollar  Anita pitchers for dine in during the week I forgot what day.I don't even remember how I discovered this restaurant, but I'm so glad I did. This place was a relatively short walk from our hotel while staying in New Orleans. My dad and I ordered a Classic Combo in the smaller of the two sizes the first time we went and it was really good pizza. Perfectly cooked, lots of toppings, and crispy crust to munch on.
The next night, we ordered the same pizza and a slice of tiramisu for delivery to our hotel. It was supposed to be a 45 minute wait, which seemed really long, but we decided to wait anyways, because we were so tired from walking the entire day and didn't want to do any more. Well, almost an hour later, the delivery guy showed up, without the tiramisu, so he had to bike back to the restaurant and come back. This was a little annoying, but the delivery guy was genuinely apologetic and the food was still as good as the first time.
Apparently, this is some kind of a chain in the South. I'm so sad there are no Reginelli's Pizza in Las Vegas, Nevada! I would definitely return if i ever went back to New Orleans.This used to be our go to pizza in New Orleans . The quality of the food changed about a year ago and started to be more like Dominos. 
We still want it to be  the fresh moist flavor able pizza we came to love and have tried two more times. The pizza tonight was again dry and bland. This is our final order from Reginellis and it is a painful departure.You won't leave disappointed but you won't be dying to come back either. I had their classic combo pizza, crawfish and corn chowder and caesar salad- all were good but nothing to write home about. Prices are moderate. With all the amazing food in New Orleans, I'd go somewhere else.  If you just GOTTA have pizza, this is a good pick.Great menu. Every appetizer and pizza we tried was delicious. Good ingredients and well prepared. The atmosphere is unimpressive, but still a nice spot for lunch.We live right next to this pizza place. Whenever we go, it takes them at least 45 minutes to make a pizza. This has happened every single time we have gone( about 5 times so far). I do not understand the extremely slow service. Would not recommend going,The service was friendly but not irritating out creepy and the food was outstanding. The Muffler's had lots of meat, olive salad, the best ciabatta bread. The bread seemed homemade. The only negative was that the pizza only came in sizes for multiple people. No slices or individual sizes. They looked good but I was eating alone and they didn't have an option.The place is nice and hipster and service is good.  But for pizza I wouldn't come here.  We had a 10 in 6 slice pizza and for it already being small it was half crust half toppings.  Taste was good but if I'm paying 13 bucks for 6 slices (like a personal pizza) they better be full of toppings and cheese.  It was dissapointing to see all that bread and crust.  For an 8 slice piece it is $18.  Do the math, for 2 extra slices you pay 5 more.  Not good.  Save your money and go elsewhere.8/3/11 - Light dinner tonight, chicken salad w/lettuce, tomatos, apples, pecans, and blue cheese.  Also had a dressed humus w/pita bread, dried tomatos, olives, and feta cheese.  It was delicious!The restaurant had great staff, quick service, good prices, and the overall appearance was excellent. The only reason I gave it a four out of five is because I was not fond o the pizza sauce. It's chunky with tomatoes and onions, so if that is your thing, this is the place for you!First time here. It was close by the hotel I was staying in so I thought I would give it a try. 
I ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, and onions with a spicy tomato sauce. And a NOLA blonde ale beer. 
Like you know when you're​ craving that meatiness and saltiness of pepperoni on a pizza ? 
Well, my pizza came out and OMG there was no pepperoni on it...ahhh fail....
The very nice guy working there offered to take it back but it seemed to take a long time to get out of the kitchen the first time. 
The pizza was good. The sausage was very tasty, very textured and uneven which I love. I loved the texture of the crust. Crispy and  burnt just a bit. 
The NOLA blonde ale was good, I had two 
Overall it was nice.  And I will definitely return. However,...the pepperoni was missing.....noooooooo!!!!
PS.  They did knock like 5% off the pizza for their mistake. But I still missed that flavor profile I would have had with the pepperoni.First off, I love the food here and up until now it has been a regular place for me.  Today was the last straw.
I called in an order so that I could pick it up and eat at my desk before starting a series of 3 hours of afternoon meetings.  I called in the order at 11:25.  I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes.  Perfect.  I arrive at 11:35 and pay.  I watch the delivery guy arrive and leave, 8 tables get seated and served before my food came out at 12:10.  I asked at 10 minute intervals and was promised "it would be right up/we are boxing it up now."  I assume they were referring to the soup, since that was cold by the time I ate it.
I was offered a complimentary drink while I waited, but no other effort to take care of the situation.  I was told as I was leaving that they were sorry, but dine in orders take precedence over take-out.  What!!???  I wish someone would have told me that at the beginning so I could have canceled the order and gong somewhere else.  Instead I am sitting in a meeting typing this with my calzone getting cold and my soup getting colder.
Last time I go there or recommend it.I order delivery from this place about once per month. If each item was about $1 cheaper, I'd order it more often. That said, I think if you're dining in, their prices are on par. My favorite menu items are the Dream State, Uptowner, and Calzones. My coworkers love the Hot and Cold Trios, the Ancona salad, and they swear by their hummus. All of that's a bit too pricy for me for what you actually get, but it looks great! I'm a die-hard Mona's fan for hummus, but from what I'm told, Reginelli's has a texture that can't be beat. 
I LOVE their avocado and asparagus salad, and even more so I love their ham, pear, & Brie sandwich... alas Brie never holds up well for delivery.
Customer service is always excellent, and delivery is always timely. Honestly every time I order from here I ask myself why I don't do it more often, and then I remember I try my best to stay below $10 for lunch (including tax and tip if I can although it rarely happens), and that's why.  
Great, fresh food- always. Get you some!We're giving this one a 4 for the meatball sandwich! My son said its the best he's ever had. We also had pizza and salads. The grilled asparagus and avocado salad was our fave though we also had the roasted cauliflower and veg salad (also good). The mushroom pizza was packed with several kinds of mushrooms, earthy and good. We also had a chicken pizza, not our fave but also good. The staff was super friendly and helped us to narrow down our choices.WTH was delivered to me today??? Why does my tiramisu cake looks like it was dropped on the floor and put the box ... Its suppose cake but I got mush!!! See picsA little surprised when we got here that there were only 4 tables occupied. However, hummus (dressed) app was great, baked Brie was mostly good and then the Genoa pizza was great. Even the cheese pizza for the kids was outstanding. Would recommend this place again.We had an amazing lunch here and lucked into the first day of a new menu with lots of freebies! Our server, Megan, was charming and so helpful and gracious. Our pizzas had an interesting twist with delicious, fresh ingredients. And the $2 pitcher of Abita cannot be beat!This location delivered a sandwich to me today that was burned so badly it was inedible. When I called to ask that a new sandwich be sent, the replacement wasn't toasted at all. This will be my last time ordering from the Reginelli's on Poydras.I'm from NYC! N this is very much a close runner up! Great pizza! The pizza was very flavorful and the restaurant staff was friendly! My pizza was plain made with the thin crust. I could taste all the ingredients!Wife and I stopped by to eat before we went to the ball game.  They sat us quick, but the service wasn't the fastest,  We were in no worry of missing the game, but were hungry from a long day at work.  We got our app. and pie.  Pie was just a cheese and pep.  Very good!Well, I would write a review on how good or bad the food was but I didn't even get any. I'm staying in NOLA three blocks away from the restaurant and called for delivery...and refused to take my order because  they don't deliver this far. Let me repeat myself...three blocks away. And you don't deliver this far? Roger.Overall: A surprisingly good option for takeout near the busy French Quarter.
The good: Not your typical low quality, run of the mill pizza compared to most other options in the area. They have a lot of unique and interesting combinations available, and the 3 that we chose were all great. The service was friendly upon our arrival for takeout, and gave us plenty of extra parmesan and peppers. And, everything was hot and fast and ready for pick up.
The not-so-good: Due to the special toppings, the prices are a little bit higher than I would've liked. The breadsticks were also disappointing compared to the pizza and garlic knots. 
Food/Drink: 8/10
Service: 8/10
Atmosphere: N/A (takeout)A modern and sleek Italian restaurant that is well priced and delicious. Reginellis was a great spot to pick up food or even dine in. All of the pizzas are to die for, except the largest size serves only 8 pieces. Also, the pasta and calzones are really tasty and have a great flavor. A great pizza joint!Super salty for my liking. Had the hot trio which was bland and their classic which came with way more sodium than needed. 9-22-16Service was good.  Seated right away.  Waitress was wonderful with conversation and suggestions.  Food came out fast.  Food was served hot and fresh.Another pizza place in the CBD? Yes, but it's a higher quality than most of the others. Plus they offer excellent salads and sandwiches if you're not up for pizza.
They are a little pricier, but checkout their website and print the available coupons they have to get a couple dollars off.
This location can get very crowded at lunch and the service is kind of hit or miss. Hoping they will continue to improve on that. I tend to go there for lunch after 1:00 and the wait time isn't as bad.
Everything I've ordered so far has been good.Delicious pesto pizza! We also had spinach dip and cheesy bread which were pretty tasty as well!Ordered a pizza to go. The wait time was short and the pizza was very good. A bit pricey for the size but it was quick and good.Best pizza ever says my 67 year old opinionated hubby who loves great food!  Lots of flavour even in the crust.  The staff helped us pick a menu to meet all our interests.Can you open up a Reginelli's in Nashville? Please!
My husband and I enjoyed a weekend in New Orleans (9/16-9/18) that happened to include restaurant week. After the Saints/Patriots game we were walking along Poydras looking for a place to have my birthday dinner.
We had looked at the restaurant week menu: for $20 pp we could get a salad, personal pizza, and tiramisu. Since I avoid alcohol and most tiramisu is made with alcohol, my deciding factor would be the dessert. The waitress went to check for me and when she assured me it was ok and we could eat at the "bar" at the window without a wait, we were all in. 
The salad was cold with a great balsamic dressing and lots of fresh vegetables. I ordered the Margherita pizza while my husband had the smokin' chicken. There was just enough topping over the thin crust perfectly baked pizza. 
The tiramisu dessert was better than any birthday cake I might have found. 
Reginelli's is a perfect reprieve in a city of gumbo, étouffée, and fried fish. 
Please come to Nashville.I was doing some research at the Notarial Archives office on Poydras Street, near Da Dome, and then went over the the main branch of the library on Loyola, so I stopped at Reginelli's Pizza on Poydras for lunch in between. I passed on my usual chicken-with-gorgonzola salad for "The Downtowner" sandwich, which has "...turkey, prosciutto, hard salami, roma tomatoes and melted mozzarella with a sun dried tomato and calamata olive pesto." It was good--they have great foccacia bread. Sandwich gets good marks, service somewhat less. I was at one of the high-top seats in the front window. The place was busy, but a table closer to my server would have speeded things up a bit, I guess.I ordered a classic combo pizza for delivery.
The hand tossed crust was perfect: crispy but still soft.
The very generous toppings: sausage, pepperoni, black olives, green peppers, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and mozzarella were all delicious and fresh tasting.  The man taking my phone order was very courteous.  My pizza was delivered still hot by bicycle within 30 minutes.  The pizza was absolutely perfect!In town on vacation, I  had a pepperoni pizza and a Tony's pizza delivered and the cost was $29 and they were kind of small. Also my card was overcharged by $10. The pizza was good but expensive I don't think I would order from here again.Great food but terrible service. 
Upon arrival we chose a table as requested and it had some leftovers from the prior party. The host came to our table and sprayed and cleaned in front of us - our party that included two adults and three children under 12. I was completely turned off watching the waiter spraying our table literally in front of us. He could've provided us with a different table or asked us to step away while he sprayed cleaning spray. We ordered two simple pizzas, two kids meals and a salad and our orders took way longer than it should have.I used to have this Reginelli's deliver lunch at work 2-3x a week, but noticed the quality dropped off drastically.  I stopped ordering from them regularly, but thought I could give them another chance.  That was a mistake.  My order today was a mess the delivery person must have carries it on its side as all the toppings fell off, and the box was covered in the sauce I had asked to be put on the side! I will never have them deliver again!This was a great spot my wife and I to take our kids one the way to the zoo. The food was great and the service was fantastic. We want to come back without the kids next time we get a chance to to go on a date.If we want pizza, we head to Reginelli's.  It's clean; it's in the neighborhood; the pizza is good.  We'll try new competition as they pop up, but tend to come back here for our pizza fixes.  We have a favorite pizza and haven't felt the urge to explore much more of the menu.  We'll order a Parthenon pizza (Garlic herb sauce, mozzarella cheese, artichoke, roma tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, feta cheese, with spinach added as an extra) and have a Caesar's salad while waiting for the pizza to cook.
Lately they have been running some mid-week specials with the purchase of a meal.  On Monday and Tuesday you can get $2 beer pitchers.  On Wednesdays it's a $10 Bottle of house wine.  We seem to get coupons in the mail fairly regularly.  You can find the same coupons online at their website:  $2 off a $10 order or $3 off a large pizza.  It would be nice if someone could convince them to offer the same as a Yelp check-in bonus.Where can you go in Harahan and get a $2 pitcher of beer on Monday and Tues. And get the best pizza for miles.  The staff are so professional, kind and experienced.  Mary (the waitress) is always on the ball.  She is great.  
We visit this Pizzeria almost weekly.  The food is great and flavors are consistent.
Visit this place.  You will be happy and full.Some of the best pizza I've had. Not much more to write...food was good, delivery was a little slow but they wrote the room number wrong. It happens.I had quit the experience there the other night. Was my typical family dunner out. We settled on Reginelli's . We've been there before and loved the pizza then. The waitress was very friendly . We got our drinks and ordered a appetizer , spinach and artichoke dip. All was good. Smelled good and tasted good, until the last bread stick, there was a long hair on it. No biggie, I understand stuff happens. We told the waitress and she brought us a new order of dip. The pizza came and smelled delicious. We dug in. At the end of it the waitress would you like anything else, we were stuffed, so asked for the ticket. After a few minutes this guy walked up and apologizes for the hair. I'm like its all good , stuff happens. He's like, No we're better than that. So instantly I thought he was going to remove the Dip of the bill, but Nope. He says, I apologize for that and the bill is on me Enjoy the rest of your night. They took care of the whole thing! Shock the hell out of me. Totally unexpected. That might not ever happen again, but knowing that they truly strive and have pride in there restaurant is more than enough for me to be a life customer.We liked Reginelli's Pizzeria, it is a local chain, with at least ten locations.  The pizza looked good, but we haven't tried it yet.  We did try three hot focaccia sandwiches, the Uptowner ($8.25 / turkey, provolone), the Downtowner ($8.25 / turkey, prosciutto, salami and mozzarella) and the Muffaletta ($7.75 / ham, pepperoni, salami and provolone).  The sandwiches are huge! The atmosphere is clean and trendy, and our server, Katherine, was cheerful and attentive. Four stars.Stopped in, but didn't have pizza tonight. Opted for some hummus to start, the avocado & aspargus salad for my date and the chicken pita press sandwich. All were delicious and the service was quick...they stay busy, so it's not a place to linger, but its a great quick bite before a movie.  Waits are short and food is good and cheap!We love going to Reginelli's on Mondays and Tuesdays! We go almost every week for $2 pitchers of bud light or Abita Amber. Just note to get that deal your must but an entree.  
Along with the great deal on the drinks we get the spinach and artichoke dip. It comes covered in a thick layer of melted cheese. It is so delicious. Since the first time I ordered this appetizer I have never gone and not ordered it it is that good.  
For our main dish my girlfriend and I usually split a sandwich.  She loves the muffaletta which is really good. I like both the uptowner and the downtowner sandwiches. Sometimes we get a pizza and our go to choice is the Tony' play. It has thick sliced pepperoni and green peppers and capers probably some more stuff I just know it's delicious. 
The service is great.  We only had one bad experience here and it was just a grumpy night for her. Other than that we have always been treated great. And a bonus right now you can spin a Mardi Gras wheel and win some prizes. Our table won pieces of King cake!The food is always tasty. Hudson, our server, was very polite and professional. After leaving the zoo, this was a great treat.The food here is so delicious. I highly recommend the spinach and artichoke dip, honestly the best spinach dip I've had from anywhere. The pizza is tasty too, the crust is nice and fluffy but still crisp. The sandwiches are delicious as well. Overall a very nice atmosphere and clean. The parking lot is small so parking is sometimes a hassle. Other than that, we keep coming back.Tried three different pizzas & all were excellent. Parking is tight. Small place with limited seating at lunch, but worth the wait. Caesar salad was a bland disappointment. The pizza is the real deal.Stopped in here on a Friday night after a movie. It was about 10pm, so I was happy to see that they were open. There was really no one else in here, so we sat down, looked over the menu and decided to order the Smokin' Chicken pizza which is chicken breast,  onions, pancetta and green onions.
I was pretty impressed by the pizza. It had a lot of favor and I am not usually the type of person to put chicken on a pizza. Usually if I'm eating pizza I like pepperoni and sausage on there, because if I'm gonna be bad I'm going to do it right. Anyway, a medium ended up being the perfect size for two people and we had no problem finishing it.
I would definitely return, if I found myself in the area. I think it's the perfect place to eat before or after a movie, since it's so close to the theater.This is an awesome location! I'm not Uptown much but I love love love Reginelli's gumbo pizza! This is a fabulous location at Magazine and State. Everyone was amazing!!!! I failed to get the server's name but she was really sweet! The pizza came out perfect. It tasted amazing. I will look forward to scheduling another visit here!!!!Good pizza with a wide range of choices.  Interesting sandwiches and salads.  Ingredients are fresh and prepared well.  Crust is soft, but light, and the toppings more flavorful than most pizzas.  Service is attentive and friendly.  The servers look like they are really trying hard.  I get the feeling that the servers connection to the kitchen is shaky, calling for adaptability and patience.  As a customer the overall experience is excellent, but the servers are working hard to make it work.  Clean, contemporary setting.  This is part of a small local chain, and a hybrid of a family restaurant with a patina of a chain.  My go-to pizza place in New Orleans for dining in or takeout.Tried to go to Guy's for po-boys last night, but it was closed so we hit-up the Uptown Reginelli's.  It is good place for families, where the food is decent and the cost is reasonable.
We had a few salads, bowl of crab & corn chowder, hummus starter all filing and tasty, although I'd suggest dressing on the side for salads as they put on too much for my liking.  The pizzas were just ok.  As some other reviewers have written there seemed to be very little sauce and the crust is more of a foccacia type bread.  If you are looking for more of thin crust NY Style, I believe Slice which is down Magazine about 5 block on other side of Whole Foods is a better option.
In sum, if you looking for a well lit place to have a conversation, enjoy a filing meal, watch a game (there are two large screen TV's which had on the MLB playoff game) this is a good option.This is a really nice, spacious location -- and the food, like at every Reginelli's, is great. I'm disappointed that they removed the Midcity Chicken from the menu, but I still enjoy the Chicken Pita and the Meatball sandwich.
I've only mentioned sandwiches so far, but the pizza is also fantastic. My only request would be thicker crust. I love carbs and honestly just want thick bread. Like there's no way the pizza crust could be TOO thick. If I could pay extra for this I would.
Anyway, I love Reginelli's. It's my favorite local restaurant and it just keeps getting better.Had a great meal today.  Two big screens to watch the Saints.  Service was excellent.  We had the green salad and the Genoa.  Chased it was a Second Line IPA.  All in all, a great experience...Same fantastic freakin menu, tons of space, but stuck in the dead industrial zone facing the Coca-Cola factory.
After a disappointing and non-attentive wait at the Olive Garden (i know i know - should be ashamed and believe me, i am!), my friend TT and i walked out and drove straight to Reginelli's (right next to Kyoto 2) to quench our Italian thirst (errr...ok that sounded awkward).
Come almost 3.30 pm on a Sat, the restaurant was dead - so that means great service and no wait on the food - YAAAAY!  
Spinach/artichoke dip in bread boule - carbalicious!  Cheesy and full of green stuff - this dip had a peppery kick to it towards the end of swallowing...good!
Caprese salad - hmmmm fresh mozz. cheese and tomatoes w/ their house basil citrus vinegarette.
Chicken calzone - half the size of a hubcap!!!!!  it's huge and the bread is so freakin delicious.  The downfall is that the filling was way too cheesy (ricotta overkill) and it wasn't piping hot YO....lukewarm????
Anyway, our server Kate (or Katyln or something like that) was really spot on - refiling w/o us asking and super friendly.  
It's great having another location, but it's sad, b/c the Reginelli's on Magazine definitely has character...anyway, great place to eat and very wallet friendly!Their pizza is AMAZING - full of flavor and so fresh! Their staff is super friendly. It's really easy to order online and it doesn't take incredibly long to get your food. My usual from Reginelli's is their combo pizza with roasted garlic as an add on. Delicious! :DWe ducked in after dropping our son off for his Freshman year at Tulane, basing our choice on the review in the Hullaballoo.  The pizza was just fine, the wine was quite decent for the price, and the chocolate cake was a win.  
I hope Gustav doesn't cause any lasting harm!The pizza is always good.  Great tomato soup, good service... turned off by the bugs flying around the place though. :(Today I wanted pasta for dinner and decided to try on of Reginelli's baked pasta dishes.  I had the Tortellini Pomodora  and added meatballs mushrooms red onions pepperoni and Italian sausage.   I would be lying if I didn't tell u it was the best delivery or takeout pasta I have ever had.   Perfectly seasoned and a great flavor combination.  I also had the caprese salad which needs a better dressing.  Fortunately I had a great balsamic at home.   All in all it was a great meal which I will definitely try again.This is the only pizza place in the city that doesn't look at me funny when I ask for no cheese on my pizza.  Their pizza without cheese is de-lish.  Also, the people that work there are great to chat with.  And you usually run into to someone you know.Y'know it is JUST a pizza place and I expected to have no opinion one way or the other.  I gotta tell you though ... it's good.  Easy to get to, strangely decent atmosphere, casual and comfortable.  Sweet service too.   GREAT fresh salads.  Good hummus. Stable clean place.  Looks like a good place to watch a football game.Best pizza in NOLA! Family friendly atmosphere but also great for a casual date night. Always great service & friendly staff. I have been here several times & have never had a problem. I highly recommend Reginelli's if you're in town & want a casual bite to eat!I love the baked pesto pasta here sooooo yummy. 
Imagine baked crispy goodness filled tortellini pasta oozing with yummy cheese and drenched in pesto oh my. 
I am in love with this pasta since the first time it touched my lips and still today I love love it. 
Go to reginellis let the pesto goodness touch your mouth you won't regret it. 
Oh I also love their chicken salad it is kinda pricey at over $10 after tax but its quite large. I often get them to go and it's still good when I get it home.
I am obbsessed i mean obbbsessssed with pizza, but I never go for the pizza here.  It's not bad, but there are plenty of other places that I enjoy more.  
go. eat. pesto. drink cheap beer.  come again.Great pizza! Coming from Shreveport it was something very different. They blew everything else out of the water. Will definitely recommend coming back to here when we return. The menu had a variety of choices and ingredients that you wont find on your typical pizza. Overall im very impressed with the service and the atmosphere there. It was AWESOME!!!I enjoy all of the food here with no complaints. Uptowner sandwich and Frescanon pizza are the bestBest pizza in NOLA, so far!
When we moved here we asked the locals what was the best pizza and they said this is the best for thick crust. So we gave it a whirl and they were spot on. 
We love the artisanal menu. Parking could be better but hey, it's Magazine street in New Orleans! I'll console myself with caramelized onions and stinky cheeses.My husband and I stopped in last night on a drunk whim to get an entire large pizza to take home as drunkars do.  Whitney was working and she was absolutely a delight! Very helpful and attentive. We will defiantly be back.Just delicious. Everything is always so amazing. I've never had a bad item on the menu. Delivery is pretty fast too and it's free!Cute little spot near Audobon Park. I took my kids and puppy out to the park for some sun and exercise and found this place while looking for food.  We started with garlic knots and it was amazing! It came out on a dish with tons of garlic butter and we devoured it all in minutes. The kids had a pizza and pasta and I had a salad.  My son raved about his pizza (he ordered a make your own with pepperoni and bacon) and my daughter had pasta dippers from the kids menu which she also likes.  I had the ancona Caesar salad with a side of anchovies. It was Caesar with chicken, avocado and cherry tomatoes. It was pretty good.  We ended the meal with spumoni and a cheesecake and we were all in a food coma! 
I gave it 4 stars because the wait was a little long - they were busy, but other than that it was great! Will definitely visit again the next time I'm in NOLA.My go-to pizza delivery place.  The food is always consistent, hot and fresh.  
Some of my favorites are-
*Avocado and asparagus salad (plenty of feta, avocados and asparagus)
*spinach and artichoke dip (served with plenty of focaccia bread)
Pizzas-
*Chicken Saltinbocca 
*Tonys Play
The Uptowner Sandwich
Baked Brie appetizer 
I'm not a fan of the pepperoni. They use these little thick round pieces that I just don't care for. 
 The drivers are always nice and polite.  The girls that take the orders are always friendly as well.Pizza is not created equal.
Pizza is not created equal, because Zachary's Pizza in Berkeley, CA trumps everything.  (yep, I have drawn this particular line in the sand years ago - and have yet to change my tune.  Feel free to disagree, but Zach's just keeps winning year over year.)
When I'm in New Orleans, Reginelli's is where we turn for pizza.  It is far above your usual bottom feeders like Dominoes or Pizza Hut, but doesn't quite reach the majors yet.
Some pluses include above average toppings, decent crust, welcoming ambiance, and solid depth in the menu.  Our usual creation is a large Spinach-Prosciutto-Cheese, and it does just fine.
What keeps Reginelli's in the middle of the road though, is inconsistent service, a general sense of unease and nervousness from the staff, and no delivery options.  It also doesn't do enough to keep it's faster-food tendencies at bay.  I would like to be convinced that they are actually milking the cows out back and growing the wheat for the dough - but it dips too often into "order up!"  or "pickup #196 out back!".  I'm what Sarah Palin calls a left-coast elite, so don't blame me for being hyper-sensitive to this sort of thing.
Overall, we still call on Reginelli's periodically - but more could be done to raise the game.Veronica thank you so much for all the attention you gave me all the way to California!! , when I called to order a pizza for my niece at Loyola. She was so attentive and the delivery was right on time! Will definitely be ordering again from you guys!!!On a recent trip to New Orleans, it was nice to feel at home when walking while in a strange land,  This of course happens when entering the delightful and charming dining room at Reginelli's.  After a long drive, the young and zestful server was brilliant and actually  read our body language!  A lost are I fear. She suggested local beers and an appetizer while we settled in.  When it comes to cheese, I am a pushover so we ordered the Baked Brie Calzone.Flakey a pastry shell stuffed with ripe brie cheese and served with green apples and a sun dried fruit chutney. Um, you had me at Brie, but alas we encouraged our server to delight us with yet another house specialty.  The Dressed Tuscan Hummus.  White bean and chick pea hummus served with warm pita in addition to feta cheese, sun dried tomatoes, roasted red peppers and calamata olives. Divine  Of course we paired this with some Hess wine, from an unusual but ingenious wine list.  (The wine list is actually ON a wine bottle at the table)  Our final course, was of course... PIZZA!  Oh yeah, the reason we stopped here!   So we ordered the CLASSIC COMBO which has Pepperoni, Italian sausage, onions, mushrooms, green peppers, black olives, marinara, mozzarella.  You know, your basic pizza. Well, it was anything but that.  The crust was thick and the flavors revealing an unknown fact... which we later learned.  All the products used are local and fresh.  I very much suggest visiting Reginelli's anytime your are in New Orleans.  I certainly know that I will be looking forward to returning.Had our first pizza with the new crust recipe. We are not impressed. The old crust was the reason we frequently visited this restaurant. Hope this is a temporary change.Great pizza and two large tvs for watching the Saints.  We had the Genoa and chased it with two Second Line IPAs.   Our son had the cheese pizza.   Yum!Came in for lunch with the family and happy to say it was a pleasurable experience. I had the Lafayette Hwy 90 sandwich, which had great things going on, but the bread to fillings ratio was off. When I was done there was a pile of foccacio left on the plate.  I tried my daughters kid-sized flatbread pizza, which she loved so no complaints here. Wife's tortellini was obviously premade frozen, but for the price you can't expect house made pasta. 
Just a note on the service...it was excellent. We were greeted by two very nice hostesses right when we walked in. Our waitress was extremely nice and helpful. The entire time she wanted to make sure our kids had everything they needed. Wish I could remember her name so I could give her a shout-out.If you like a doughy pizza, they make them. The meatball pizza is very good, but I don't like all the dough and how soft it is--I'm more a Brooklyn crust type. They're tortellini is ok but doesn't taste of high quality. It's very basic. Sandwiches are ok, but again it just always strikes me as too much bread. I never want more bread than other stuff. I consider it more a place you take your kid when you want to take them out for pizza, because you pretty much can't go wrong giving a kid pizza, especially if you want them to not fuss in a restaurant.Take-out only everytime I've eaten here. Food is great. Probably some of the BEST spinach dip I've had anywhere. Pizza is always hot and good. Staff seems nice but can't comment too much BC have never dined in.2 dollar pitchers of beer on Mondays and Tuesdays!!! What!? Yes, only two bucks for a classic size pitcher of abita amber or bud light. I was sold before we even ordered.
The za was great. We ordered several pies and all were delicious. The servers were kind and patient; we could have been considered annoying due to our group size and sluggishness with ordering. 
Most people probably find that the gumbo pizza is or at least sounds weird. I think it takes getting used to; however I dug it with the first bite. Okra, shrimp, sausage, shrooms, other stuff on there all made it delicious. However, if you don't want to go out on a limb, their traditional classic meats/combo pizzas are great too.
Not the best pizza I've ever had nor was the price on the pizza too fair. Something like 18.25 for a large specialty that wasn't that large. I know that many pizza places are going up in price these days for a whole pie, but those aren't the 5 star places.Little place with good real hand made food. The pizzas all hand tossed with real quality ingredients. I had a ham and brie sandwich on this super good chewy bread. Really great service too. Would go here again.Service was good for a take out pizza ordered at 10:45pm when they close st 11pm. There was nothing special or extraordinary about the service. The pizza was good and very unique. If you are in the area, they are definitely quick with cooking their pizzas. I waited 10 minutes from the time I ordered to the time I left.I lived in New Orleans for almost 6 years and Reginelli's was on our monthly rotation of restaurants.  Whether it was sneaking in for a quick lunch bite with a girlfriend or Friday night movie order --- Reginelli's kept us coming back for more.
I loved living down the street from RP, it felt like it was a neighborhood restaurant. The few outdoor weeks of the year that were cool enough my friends and I would chill on the tables and watch the world go by. New Orleanians are blessed because there aren't many places that embody the European outdoor cafe in this country better than the Crescent city. 
I must admit that neither myself, nor my husband wavered often on our ordering of chicken calzones. Hey listen, when you are in your 20's watching your waistline isn't an issue. HA!  
OK, I may have ordered a pizza or two during our life in NOLA, but the majority of the time we returned for the glorious, gooey, goodness of the calzone. I also loved the flavor of their marinara dipping sauce. 
RP is quick, casual, and consistently good. Nothing too fancy or overstated, they left that to the other foodie establishments down the street. Don't get me wrong the quality of the food should speak for itself, but so can the passage of time. Other restaurants come and go, but Reginelli's is still there. 
YUM!good food, and great waitstaff.   Great price for lunch, and such.   
I got a salad and an appetizer...  it was a spacious room, busy, bustling and the people here are super on it.     food came out fast.Really nice and knowledgeable staff. Great place for families. Impeccably clean and comfortable. I've had a Caesar salad here. Tonight I'm trying two pizzas and a calzone. The pizza is half and half Saltimboca and Spicy Chicken. Should be yum. I'll update later.Very consistent. I've eaten in house and also delivery and I'm always pleased. 
The pizza (red) sauce is seasoned and the crust is of a good thickness with just the right amount of chewiness for me. I always start with a margharita pizza. If I don't like that I won't order pizza again. I've had it here twice! And the meat combo was particularly good. 
The salads are quite impressive in size. I've also noticed a distinct lack of lettuce "ribs" which I abhor eating as much as paying for. 
The in house service is friendly and the delivery is prompt. When I asked for extra pita with the hummus plate they happily complied. Always appreciated. Happy they are close to both the office and home!I am a Reginelli's devotee. When contemplating where to go for takeout, pizza was never at the top of my list until Reginelli's. In addition to takeout on a regular basis, I have also ordered catering for work events on several occasions. Everyone has their preferences in terms of crust type and since I am a thick, bready crust fan Reginelli's wins hands down. My favorites are the shrimp pesto pizza and the avocado and asparagus salad (especially love the dressing!)
I also think their customer service is great. I have had occasions where I have been a difficult customer i.e. when my boss asked me to have food delivered at a certain time and then when it was delivered decided that it was too early and the food was going to get cold. I ended up driving the order back to Reginelli's and they kept them on the warmers until we were ready to pick it up. I also had a bit of a miscommunication with them once about an order (I requested pick up but they sent it out for delivery) and they immediately acknowledged the mistake and rectified the situation.
In summary, I love Reginelli's for takeout and they are super easy to work with for catering.Good selection of pizza toppings, some little more unusual.  Good salads and calzones.I think this is my second review on yelp. Normally I don't bother writing reviews but this place was amazing!!!! For appetizers we got the bbq shrimp on chiabata bread. Initially it was a little too tangy but after mixing the sauce and adding a little bit of black pepper it was great. We also got the calzone for an app and the chutney was to die for! The staff was superb. My bbq chicken pizza had pork on it. When I pointed out that this is something that I didn't want on my pizza, they made me a fresh new pie (free of charge)! I know for a fact that I'm going to be a regular here!Yum!   Watermelon salad and caprese were perfect starters.   Pizza was fresh and hot.   Great crust and sauce.   I'd definitely come here again.  Prices were right in line.   Service and staff were plenty friendly and helpful.This place is so funky, I just love it! On top of the cool atmosphere the food is great! My husband and sons shared a cheese pizza and I had the Caesar salad and the baked brie. OMG that baked brie!!! I'd drive from Florida to NOLA just for the brie calzone! This place is on our "must have while in NOLA" list for sure!!Reginelli's has great pizza and sometimes I think they are underrated. I recently have been enjoying some speciality pizzas and find that the service is always consistently helpful and friendly. The crust is on the thinner side but not too thin, I like it because its never soggy. The small pizza is the perfect split for 2 people.  They also have sandwiches and salad that are good, but the pizza always brings me back. 
My go to pizza is the Smokin' Chicken (Spicy smoked tomato sauce, marinated chicken breast, mozzarella, caramelized onions, pancetta, green onions.) YUM =)We knew the food was good. The pizza came out fresh and hot. What is remarkable and what earns this location it's 5 stars is the service. I called 30 minutes before arrival with an order and a plea for an 8 year old birthday. The food was ready when we arrived, the table was set and our server could not have been more attentive. Really a great spot if you are hosting parties at sector 6, bookoo bounce or the laser tag spot.I had went to a Mardi Gras parade with a group of friends and needed a place to grub. My friend Nalani suggested to eat at Reginelli's. 
Location: On magazine st and near all the bars and partying college kids. The place looked fairly new and had clean bathrooms.  
Food: We ordered hummus with pita bread. It had more garlic flavor which is what I like. (Zea's has better)
Pizza with sausage, pepperoni, and mushrooms. Omg their pizza is very tasty!!! 
Service: The staff is very friendly and attentive. We went during Mardi gras time so there was a special spin the wheel. The prizes were a slice of king cake, beach ball,  beads and etc. It was such a great addition to our night.Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  Ate here recently when I visited New Orleans.  Typically, when visiting the big easy, everyone wants cajun food.  There are many great places for that, but if you are in the mood for quick and good... Reginellis is the place to go.My husband and I ate here on Nov.4th 2014.  Draft beer $2 a pitcher and the best pizza ever.  We had the "Reginelli's Gumbo pizza.  the toppings are Andouille sausage, spicy smoked tomato sauce, crystal hot sauce marinated shrimp, roasted egg plant, pickled okra and the holy trinity.   So So good.I was very pleased when my wife and I went here for a post-church lunch this past weekend. I got the Smokin' Chicken pizza, she a meatball foccacia sandwich. We had a couple of drinks and watched the first half of the Saints game, for which they had several big screens in high def. I wouldn't recommend it for going to watch games on a Sunday, as they don't have a bar. But, the food is good and the service is courteous.Great lunch!!  My youngest loves the "Make your own pizza" option on the kids menu.  Great spot. Good food. Family friendly. Good service.LOVE the Dream State!
Clean, friendly neighborhood pizza joint with good service.
If you like spicy tomato basil soup, you need to try theirs! Definitely a winner!
Not a lot of ambiance but if you want some GOOD pizza or a sandwich give them a try!Good, not great. I have never been disappointed with the food or service here, but it had also never impressed me. I will be back on a casual basis.Being a truck driver it's hard to find authentic restaurants that delivers. Thank you Mr McGuire for my cheese sticks and the uptown sammich. It was very delicious. I definitely will be back and also recommend this place for its fast and friendly serviceMy wife had a small pizza and I had a calzone.  Her pizza was excellent and my calzone was very good.  The calzone seemed a bit too much dough on the edges, but otherwise no complaint.  I like that the menu seems pretty broad with sandwiches, salads, and appetizers as well for future visits.
What stood out to both my wife and I from other pizzerias is that this one was very clean, well lit, without that dingy feel that seems typical of the genre of restaurants.  As well, the very visible kitchen area was clean and organized and without the chaos and mess that seems to be characteristic of pizzerias.
Service was also excellent.  A very good experience and will now be our 'go to' place for pizza in New Orleans.Reginellis is a solid go-to for good pizza in New Orleans. I usually order their el fresco pizza, but they have a great selection of vegetarian pizzas for non-meat eaters. I love what they do with their crust- not too thin and not too thick with great flavor. You could put anything on top of it and I would probably be happy. Oh- and $2 pitchers of Amber on Tuesdays?! Need I say more??Not enough red sauce for the overpriced pizzas.  That being said, it unfortunately still has the best pizza in NOLA.Pleasantly surprised.  I have beem to two other locations.  This was by far the best. Service was great. Food was delicious
 Fast, courteous...Great place! My second trip was just as fantastic as the first. I stumbled upon this place on my last visit to New Orleans and enjoyed every bite of the Tuscan Hummus Dressed and the Uptowner (Turkey sandwich with a spicy kick). On my next visit to New Orleans I made it a point to eat here again. I ordered the same dishes. This time adding the Santa Fe Margarita. Can you say Awesome? If you like flavor and enjoy food, I recommend this combination to you. Oh! Bring someone who can enjoy this experience with you .The food was pretty good. We had a large cheese pizza and garlic knots. They ran out of high chairs and the place wasn't full or anything. They do have a military discount and changing tables in the bathrooms though.Went there for the first time last night. Server was friendly and helpful. The garlic knots and Fresconon pizza were delicious! I will be ordering from there again.If you want a pizza with specialty toppings... if you are into veggies or just vegetarian. If you are wanting something that is NOT Dominoes... this is the place. I love it!!!!! We order and pick up at work, portabella mushrooms and carmelized onions and much much moreReginelli's is one of the better pizza places I've found in the city. Their pizza is great, and some of the house specials are really good. I'm a big fan of the Parthenon pizza.
The baked pastas are delicious (but really rich!). 
I'm also a big fan of their spinach and artichoke dip if you want an appetizer.
They have $2 dollar pitchers two nights a week, which is also a big draw.When I lived close, I came here once a week, and now, it's a go-to for out of towners who aren't dying for southern food.  All the pizzas and pastas are really good and the appetizers (the hummus, the brie calzone, and the spinach dip) are way above average and worth ordering for sure.  I got catering from here for a party and everyone raved about the food, including out of town guests from San Francisco and LA.  I am pretty loyal to this location, but I have never had a poor experience.  Also, their tiramisu is divine, even if it's not the most traditional. They have beer and wine specials and prices are reasonable.  A+Best reginellis location skip the other one on citrus in Metairie its awful. This one is great fast amazing service always no matter what time you dine. The food is always on point. Great weekly drink specials. I wish all the reginellis could be this AMAZING. The menu change was defiantly an upgrade try the bbq shrimp or baked brie. The shrimp forest tortelleni was out if this world!This is by far the best pizzeria in town! Not the brand, this specific restaurant. The food is always good, served quick or delivered fast, and everyone there is always smiling and happy. I don't know if they are all Chiver's there, but Shelby is awesome. Everyone there is. If you want some great pasta or pizza in a well decorated place with a great atmosphere, this is the place for you! KCCO!Awesome food. Perfect and friendly service. I love their pizza!!! Soooo good
They even deliver and it's just as good. The dining experience is more fun thoughYum yum yum! Very delicious pizza for a good price. This restaurant is great for dine-in or take-out. I literally can vouch for all pizzas, all salads, all apps, all calzones...everything is delicious. The restaurants have great specials, such as cheap pitchers of Abita beer. I've never had a bad experience here. In fact, I've only had great experiences here.Got delivery from here and it took about an hour to get. No biggie, its Mardi Gras season. It is my first time tasting their pizza and I can't say its my favorite. I like SLICE (down the street) pizza better. Something about Reginelli's pizza dough/crust didn't taste right. I did enjoy their "Uptowner" sandwich though. I would order other things from here... Just not their pizza.Had a great visit at Reginelli's Pizzeria with some friends.  I can no longer have gluten.  I'm not celiac just intolerant.  Aside from salads there is not much on the menu for people who are gluten intolerant.  I really missed the muffaletta because I can no longer eat bread.    
Reginelli's basically did a muffaletta using Eggplant Reginelli instead of the bread.  It was baked and fixed just like the muffaletta without the bread.  It was awesome!!  I will be back for this.  If your gluten intolerant and miss the muffaletta you need to try this.  You will have to eat it with a fork but it's great.  Also, make sure and I should not have to say this but only saying this because the waitress asked if I wanted olive salad.  Yes!! You want the olive salad!!  What's a muffaletta without olive salad?  
You will have to make a special request for this.  After looking at the menu for some time it was something I thought would taste great together which is why I made the request.  I was not disappointed.  It is not on the menu but I highly recommend for anyone who is gluten intolerant, loves eggplant, or is cutting back on the carbs.  
I had this with a glass of Malbec.  Enjoy!!Very great food and even greater service! Michayla is an awesome server who really pays attention to her tables wants and needs. Restaurant is ran very smoothly.My husband and I get takeout here a lot, it's close to our home and the quality is consistent. Love their specialty pizzas, especially the sun pie and Tony's play. Come in on Mondays and Tuesdays you can get a pitcher of Abita with your meal for $2. You can get 2 pitchers per pizza, which is great when going with friendsAlright so I am admitting a few years of a mistake. I have been avoiding this place for several years all because of a bad pizza I was served. It wasn't really awful, it just committed the following unforgiveable transgression--- not enough stuff on top. That just drives me crazy because the toppings are a very small fraction of the cost of producing a pizza pie. Well I had some Reginelli's at a friend's the other night, and I have to admit it was pretty good, decent crust and sufficient toppings. One way I judge a good pizza is if you can pick it up and eat it. I hate resorting to the knife and fork. The sausage combo pizza and the tomato and artichoke both passed the test. They also passed the test of having the right amount of a light tomato sauce. All in all a good effort by these guys. Mea Culpa!!Whenever I come into town I usually head to Reginelli's! This time I ordered a side caesar salad and the pizza that has broccoli, sausage, garlic, red pepper and parmesan, I added feta, because let's be honest, everything is better with feta. The salad came out quickly and was pretty good, there could have been a few more croutons but overall the salad was really good. The pizza came out in a timely manner and was full of toppings and cheese! The crust is flavorful and light and fluffy. The toppings were superb, gotta love a pizza that is full of the good stuff! 
The service was great! If I hadn't been so exhausted from walking around all day, I would have caught this guys name, but regardless, he was excellent. He had a great personality and was attentive and accommodating. 
Next time we are in town, we will be back!The menu is solid, prefer the Nor'easter, if pizza, otherwise calzones, salads, all tasty.
Plus! $2 Abita pitchers w/entree all day Monday and Tuesday.  I don't know if they really advertise this anymore, but it's true.
Outdoor seating, cheap beer, and fresh, hot eats - 'nuff said.Recommended by our b&b for take out. Was perfect, on time, delicious, and warm despite the rain. Hummus was yummus.Been eating here for years, but I feel like in the past 18 months or so, quality has deteriorated. bland sandwiches, caesar salad no longer bright and lemony, garlic knots were great , now small and greasy, the asparagus in the salad was udnercooked and woody. Used to be delcious when it was across the street, but I guess they are not keeping as close an eye on things as they used to. so sad.weird i don't have an older review posted already, i used to catch the school bus across the street at Hofbrau when this was still a travel agency.
I've eaten at and watched the evolution of Daryl's store through many iterations and models, and i must say the low rating comes from the most recent menu update.  If i did have an old review here, it would have no doubt mentioned a few items of older kitchens that stood out, like the Irish Feast pizza or the baked polenta, but why sigh about the past right?  (but i wanna.)
Okay, so the goods: Reggie's shines with a few friends in dine-in scenarios with beer and wine specials and appetizers great for sharing.  There's nice outside seating for pretty days.  The pies are of considerable debate in this town, which is still essentially bereft of a pizza-dentity.  They employ a foccacia-based crust, the result of which is a satisfying thick but not yeasty bread-crust that holds up well and really dances upon reheating (and not) the next day.  The mozz is real enough, and so is the meat quality, so as leftovers nothing is shriveled and pathetic.  That goes a long way for me, 'cause i hate leftovers but cold pizza is a damned fine breakfast.
Usually when i order for delivery, my main desire from this joint is the solid and reliable Caesar salad, which unlike most other salads my manhood allows me to inhale as though a roasted side of some beast i murdered myself.  I do not know why this is so, but indeed it stands alone at being a (mostly) plant-based food item that i not only occasionally crave, but also put into my body at a pace normally reserved for coffee, cocaine, Jesus, or oxygen.  So i guess that's an endorsement, though i couldn't tell you why.
The staff is also generally very nice.
I bring my dog when eating outside.  They got monkeygrass to hide the poops.Calzones. Get one. Ask for Extra Sauce.
Oh, and how can I forget. On mondays, it's $2 pitchers of ABITA AMBER. Best best best best best deal ever.Reginelli's is a really scrumptious and reasonably priced place to dine when the belly must have pizza. It's an especially great deal on Monday and Tuesday nights with their $2 pitcher of Abita beer special. Now, you have to buy an entree (or pizza) but we're talking a GIANT chilled glass pitcher for 2 bucks. Seriously, when I saw the pitcher I thought for sure we had been given the wrong one and would be charged like 12 bucks but alas it was the real deal. 
Hubby did all the drinkin' and I with my ravenous preggo belly bogarted the deli salad sans deli meat. I opted for the balsamic citrus dressing which typically comes with another salad but they could really serve it with everything. Yummy.
We split the smaller classic combo which was really nice. The crust is fluffy but it definitely had crispiness to it to. I really dug it. 
We had leftovers for lunch the next day and hubbs was good and toasted for baby class.
Get this - $26 before tip. I'll be back with a booster seat and two frosted pint glasses next time.It's great! I eat here all the time. The workers are friendly. The food is amazing. If you want good food that's the place to go!Seriously great pizza. The smoked chicken pizza is especially good. Get a bigger pie than you need so you can take some home!  Shout-out to the super-friendly wait staff, too.Our go-to place for pizza.  The pizza is consistently good, with a not-too-thin and not-too-thick crust.  The toppings are fresh, and they don't overdo either the sauce or the cheese.  I would also recommend the hummus and the salads, both are excellent.  Service is good, too and prices are reasonable.  Not the best place for ambiance, as it can get noisy when crowded, but hey, it's a pizza parlor!BEST pizza I've ever had! The stringy cheese that falls down when you take that first amazing bite. The toasty but fluffy bread that makes you want to eat more than just the crust. Just amazing! I remember the first time like it was yesterday. I was hanging with my sister on my favorite street, Magazine, when we came across Reginelli's. She had already gone with her husband before, begging me to go with her. I love trying new things, I went without hesitation. After my first time, I went back almost once every week, I couldn't resist. A large chicken pesto is what I always order. Not only is it good, but the prices and the service are also great! 12 bucks for a large is what it usually costs. Thats the same thing I would pay at Dominos for some overly sauced five minute made pizza, no bueno. Going to Reginelli's is definitely worth it! With locations all over New Orleans I'll never be too far for some A+ pizza.mmm... you are so good. 
I've never been to this location, but i've ordered from here quite a few times. They're really nice about delivering to you at school (like your class) or at home. 
Today, i ordered the hummus and the sun pie. All of it was really good. I'll be having left overs for a few days, which will be just as good fresh. 
I know I've ordered other things from here, but i can't remember what, but i do remember enjoying the food.Delicious. The hummus was garlicky and delicious. Pizza was sooooo good. So far the best pizza I've had out here. I think it was called Saltimboca. So good. Oh and the delicious roasted eggplant? Yummy! The margarita was even good! Will definitely be backSo good! We got the tonys pick and it was fantastic! Also had the tiramisu and it was really good.This location isn't as good as the Lakeview location but a lot of that has to do with service . My pizza isn't greasy at the Lakeview location , it's always greasy at this location . Even tho Lakeview is across town and this location is closer I'd rather drive to Lakeview .. the plus side of this location is the two huge TVs they have hung on the wall .I was staying uptown in New Orleans and was too tired to find food. Luckily the Airbnb peeps I was staying with left a bunch of delivery and takeout options, Reginelli's being the first on the list. They delivered to the area and I got their gumbo pizza. Except without the andouille sausage bc I don't eat mammals, they let me add extra shrimp instead. I thoroughly enjoyed it! Probably my favorite thing that I ate during my trip. I miss this pizza after leaving. I have been constantly telling everyone who asks what my favorite thing I ate is during this trip, about this pizza. I highly recommend to anyone going to New Orleans.The garlic knots were awesome. The meatballs were a little dense. Pizza was good. Our server Hudson was great.If I could rate the food and restaurant separate I would. I'm originally from the Chicago area but I'm here in New Orleans on a long weekend vacation with my friends, so while my friends went on a night tour I went and had dinner here at Reginell's. The food was great. I had the Chicken Pita and I would get it again in a heart beat. The service on the other hand was very poor. I walked in and got seated right away. I sat there for a good 30mins before my waitress came over. The girl was nice but never introduced herself or anything took my order disappeared and it was another 30mins before my food came out. Now this place was not busy and there were a few parties in there but they were already eating so its not like the kitchen was busy with there orders. I finally got my food and never saw my waitress again until she brought my bill. The place is reasonably priced which is a nice little bonus. Would I go back? Maybe. Again the food was great but the service is a turn off.This is a solid choice for pizza and didn't disappoint. The parking lot is a bit small so get here early otherwise you'll have to deal with finding a spot off street. 
The food was solid. Menu has lots of choices to satisfy whether you want pizza, salads, pasta, sandwiches, etc.   We ordered the garlic knots , large pizza (half cheese, half margherita) and I added a small Caesar salad for myself.   The garlic knots took a bit long and we were informed that they were accidentally dropped so they had to make us a new order. Without hesitating, the server said they would comp . They were great- very buttery with generous clumps of chopped garlic.   The pizza was delicious. I liked that the crust wasn't too doughy and thick. I usually don't eat the crust if that's the case but I ate every single bite! Yum!
The dining space is huge- lots of booths as well as tables and very kid friendly as we brought my niece and nephew.   Only thing I would change is to not sit facing the kitchen- I'm just not a fan of staring at the kitchen staff while I'm eating my meal. Also, kitchen staff would yell the server's name every time an order was ready. They might need a new system as that was a bit distracting and awkward to the diners. 
Overall, nice experience for a sit down, casual meal. I would gladly come back.First time here. Pizza was off the chain. That crust hit the spot also. Nice area to sit outside to eat and people watch lolThis is one of my favorite pizzarias in the world! You can get it fast to go or stay and have a glass of wine in the nice, casual atmosphere. I love the specialty pizzas and usually get something different every time, and every time it is amazing! The prices are reasonable also and I always have leftovers which are great for a college student! If you want pizza this is where you should go for sure!There are not many cheap Italian places in uptown, so I often resort to Reginellis for cheaper pasta.
I ordered a large Caesar salad, custom calzone, and tortellini pomodoro. The Caesar salad was big enough to share and was standard. For my calzone, I added pepperoni and mushrooms - it already comes with mozzarella and ricotta cheese. I really enjoyed it, and it was a decent size. Each custom calzone begins at a 8.50 base rate and increased with each topping. I would've asked for less ricotta cheese, since the whole middle tasted like only ricotta cheese. I also would've have asked for marina for dipping, since I rather dip my calzone rather than top it off. The tortellini pomodoro was good - I added meatballs which tasted amazing! But to make the pasta even better, I asked for a side of white cream sauce, and mixed that into the pasta, which is a 1.50 extra cost.
I enjoyed my experience and will come back. My favorite here is the pesto pasta, which I usually get! My server was also very sweet and attentive.
What makes this place a 5/5? The service and consistency of foodThe pizza I had was good but what would make me come back is the baked Brie and the spinach artichoke dip. I thoroughly enjoyed the rich savory flavors of both. A must try if you're ever here. 
As pasta goes they look good but have not yet had the pleasure to try.Haven't been here since they moved across the street. Had an amazing pizza- Classic Combo. Done perfectly! Would have gotten 5 stars, but the Caesar salad was only okay ( La Pizza Kitchen is the best by far). Service was quick and friendly(Grace). One other thing- the tabletop was one screw away from coming off. Perhaps a little inspection of the place is in order?
We stopped ordering from here after being charged a $2.50 "service charge " for delivery. Not listed anywhere on the website, nor mentioned by the person taking the order. When I asked the delivery driver if they got it, I was told no. One more way to rip off your customers and try to hide it...not good!We visit the clearview location pretty often. Pizza is always good and staff very friendly. We have never had a bad experience.I've eaten here a few times in the last couple of months at the Magazine and State location. Parking is ok. The restaurant is clean and the staff (everytime), is friendly, helpful and polite. 
The first time I ate here with my girl (Babycakes) in December,  I had an Italian Deli sandwich. It was very tasty! Crunchy, flavorful focaccia bread with quality ingredients of turkey, ham, pancetta, provolone cheese and dill aioli with a cold salad of cherry tomatoes, capers, fresh basil, red onions and olive oil. Sizewise, I would have liked a larger sandwich, but given the ingredients and price, I guess it was about right. Babycakes won the evening with an appetizer of Roasted Cauliflower with roasted garlic and a soft herbed goat cheese butter, and an Italian Salami salad of Mixed greens, marinated artichokes, red onions, roasted cherry tomatoes, capers and walnuts mixed with strips of hard salami, served with basil pesto vinaigrette. The appetizer was so good, Babycakes only gave me a bite and ate the rest herself (grrrr)! I enjoyed it so much, I came back for lunch the next day, and ordered the same app and salad for myself!! Delicious!
Last week we returned, to find out the Roasted Cauliflower appetizer was seasonal and not offered at that time (darn it). I ordered a gumbo pizza. It was ok. I didn't like the Andouille sausage (kind of greasy) and pickled okra I felt didn't go with the pizza. Babycakes ordered a Eggplant Reginelli appetizer (Whole roasted eggplant with olive oil, fresh garlic and fontina, topped with a soft herbed goat cheese butter). It was just ok. She had the Italian Salami salad again. 
Note to Reginelli's: Get that Roasted Cauliflower on the menu.....please!!!Reginelli's has its high and lows, but I still enjoy their most unique dish enough to keep going back. The Reginelli Gumbo is pizza perfection. I was skeptical about how this would come together, but the ingredients work really well on pizza dough. I also always get their Caprese salad, which is always so fresh! I also love, love, love the roasted cauliflower and vegetable salad. It's literally a medley of roasted veggies with a touch of oil. Super good if you enjoy a rustic, grilled taste of vegetables. And the spinach dip: absolutely delicious! The crostini bread served with it is good enough to eat on its own. On the contrary, items such as the BBQ Shrimp and Ciabatta toast, the Uptowner, and Smokin' Chicken did not please my palate. Especially the BBQ S & C--it tasted extremely oily. I was expecting more of a sauce base. The Uptowner was simply dry, as well as, the Smokin' Chicken. I don't think I'm the biggest fan of their pizza besides the Gumbo Reginelli. Super friendly staff though!Waitress nice. Seemed willing to correct. Uptowner burnt. Shrimply irresistible was awful. F+I ordered a margherita pizza. 8 inch personal size. $13.00. Ru kidding? Very doughy. Margherita pizza consists of mozzarella and sauce. $13.00?? Seriously.Have been coming to this location for many years.  Pizza is probably some of the best in the city.  Hand crust pizza with fresh toppings.  The meatball calzone is the bomb.  The chicken salad is awesome, very fresh and tasty.  For the most part the service is good, especially if the waitress doesn't forget to place your order.I was excited to taste the gumbo pizza and I had the chance for the first time when we cater from Reginellis. Its peculiar and delicious,all their pizzas with that natural and tasty tomato sauce,but I have to say,the pesto tortellinis are delicious,their meatball sandwich also. 
We celebrated a bday party at home ,so we order different pizzas (for the kids and adults), dips,tortellini and it was a hitNice little pizza restaurant.  They also had appetizers and sandwiches that looked really good.  Really good little lunch spot.
Looked to be like a very popular lunch spot for business people types when I was there.I'm never disappointed when I eat here! Great pizza! Not far from where I work.  My favorite is the Reginelli Gumbo Pizza. I've never tasted anything like it! Great combination of ingredients.The consistency here is top notch, as is the fare. Love the Dressed Tuscan Hummas. Their Chicken Salad is wonderful, oh, and Sun loves the bread stix.  We also love their sandwiches and pizzas. So that about covers it, doesn't it!? The servers are all very polite, to boot.  My only criticism to this location is the space itself--it always feels a little sparse and cold. But overall, solid, quality eats.I love their Hummus! It's my favorite in the city.
I also love the Quatro pizza. YUM!My family & I visit this place quite often. We have never been disappointed in the quality of the food. Today we ordered a calzone, uptowner sandwich &  chicken pita. As usual all three were delicious. 
The staff is always very nice.Love their pizzas and salads. They deliver very quickly and have many options to customize your pizza beyond the traditional options. Nice that delivery was free too since I live nearby.Great staff, great food, nice environment.   You pay a little more than Dominos for the pizza, but the quality is better.I went here and the workers were slow and rude. Other customers were complaining and waiting for their check for almost 30 minutes. One of the workers came to our table and apologized for the service then went to the back and screamed fuck that and laughed at other customers around us. They were all teenagers and bad servers. The manager knew what she was doing so no complaints about her. Not coming back again.Just go. Fresh ingredients, consistent, local beer on tap, you will not be disappointed.I have in the past enjoyed going to this Reginelli's Pizzeria.  Last night my daughter and grandson dined with me.  We had the bbq shrimp appetizer which was wonderful but our pizza was only warm.  I didn't complain that was my problem if I didn't.  
The complaint that I had was that our waitress was a little scattered brained.  We asked her to bring us a plate which she eventually did.  But later on when we had almost finished the slightly warm pizza she returned to bring us another plate and said "Oh, here's your plate".  She evidently forgot that she had already brought us a plate.  Maybe she was scattered brained because when we couldn't find her or flag her down to get refills of our drinks she was out smoking weed in back of the building.  I have COPD and am very sensitive to strong smells.  While I do not judge people on smoking it, I would rather not be put in a situation where I am gasping for breath and now I can't even enjoy my dinner because it has no smell.  Because all I can smell is her.  She reeked.  She smelled like a dead skunk.  But then again, don't the kids say that it is the good weed if it smells like skunk.
I really hope that the managers do not condone this behavior at the workplace.  I can't imagine if there was a manager on duty that he/she and the other employees couldn't smell her.  Would you do on your own time, I'm won't judge.  But this was my time.  The smell was overwhelming and disgusting.  You kind of wonder if she even washed her hands when she returned to the kitchen.
Thank you.Passed by this place yesterday and remembered hearing of this place from the Radio, turned around for a late lunch. Very good food- we had the cheesy bread (marina was Amazing) with fresh Parmesan! We also ordered the Combo Pizza, very good as well!Had the classic combo pizza. The pizza as a whole was cooked perfectly. The toppings were great and the crust had a nice crisp. If I were to visit New Orleans again I will absolutely grab another pizza from Reginelli's. 5 stars!!Would have been a good pizza, had it even been warm. We were staying in a nearby hotel, so we had it delivered. It arrived 45 minutes after they closed. Called the restaurants, they were indifferent... It's coming she said.Delivery person at least apologizedI was being lazy, so decided to order a pizza for delivery. I wanted something different and ordered the Pepperoni Detroit Style Pizza. The concept seemed interesting and the pictures online looked great. However, I just don't feel it quite met the mark. I think the pizza was supposed to be a little burnt on the edges, but from a taste perspective, it was too burnt. I typically love an abundance of cheese, but I almost choked on the cheese on the pizza. The pepperoni didn't have any flavor either. For $30, I don't feel that I got my money's worth.We had a customized pizza and mixed green salad delivered tonight from the Citrus location, and as always, quality was on point!  Pizza was perfectly prepared to specification, and the SALAD! It was everything - mixed greens with roasted cherry tomatoes, crisp prosciutto, burrata cheese, and walnuts. Fresh ingredients and appropriately portioned. I can't say enough positive things about how consistently pleased we are with the food & service at all locations. The couple times I have gone inside the establishment, I was always impressed by the graciousness of the staff.  Thank you all for clearly taking such care with your craft!  All the best~Avoid if possible. $5 for a slice with cold, mushy crust and gross cheese.Wow! What can I say but WOW! 
So the major gains on Reginelli's is the customer service. I can't tell you how awesome it is to encounter such nice folks in the restaurant industry. It just makes you feel like you can trust the quality of the food when they treat you right. 
Now, let's talk about the food. I was staying at a hotel just down the way and after having a bad experience at some dive bar / restaurant recommended by the hotel (read as: must be some "back scratching" because idk why you'd recommend this place) I was in need of some sustenance. On a whim, I dropped in and so glad I did. 
I ordered a small cheese to go. It was hot, fresh, and delicious - take THAT nasty Little Caesar's :)
I would soooooo go back next time I'm there and I recommend giving Reginelli's a try!This Reginelli's has consistently put out great food since way before the pandemic, and gratefully with all of the challenges that has faced them since March of last year they have exceeded all expectations. I have not ate at any of the other locations but if this one is indicative of Reginelli's attention to quality and consistentcy I have to say that it is one of the best local places to eat in N.O. From the pizzas (my favorites Quattro and Classic combo and the always fantastic Fresconon (my Lenten favorite) to the great salads,  I haven't had a bad meal. La Louisiana just puts it over the top with desserts. Kudos to Reginelli's Elmwood! (BTW always great delivery personnel as well)Reginelli's is always on point! I love the fact that customer service is amazing. I never had a problem. I'm highly upset they no longer carry the Veggie Reggie (which was my favorite). The cashier was very helpful in recommending another pizza. Of course, I had to politely decline and ordered a pepperoni with a side salad. I must say the Veggie Reggie will truly be missed.I hate that there is nowhere like this where I live. The fact that i was allowed an option to get "3x" hummus as opposed to a regular portion is the key to my heart. SO GOOD. Nola, you are lucky.Trivia nights are so much fun with fantastic food and drinks!  The shrimp pasta was amazing with a great taste/spice to it! Thank you for hosting Reginelli's. We will be back!Went to get a pizza today for lunch. Pizza was fantastic! It was just a simple pepperoni pizza but it was on point. Definitely will go back.This is such a consistently good place that I just have to update my review  to show that nothing has changed-it is good, the food is very fresh, the service is good-you can't go wrong to stop at this place when you are hungry and want good healthy food. Take a look-just like on the menu pictures!I love Reginelli's the pizza is always awesome and the new Cauliflower Crust is amazing seriously it is the BEST Cauliflower Crust around! Friendly Staff and the best part is that is something is not right no matter how small they will make it right! Reginelli's has quality and consistency so this is the TOP place for pizza  for sure dat' and salad is great the Avocado and Asparagus...  Ty R's for caring about your customers  Citrus Location Rocks!We have been going more and more now due to trivia.   The food is great as well as the workers.  Great time for family and groups!!My office orders out for lunch during the week. We need them to label our orders so it can be time consuming. I did about 14 individual orders today and Reginelli's did a great job. 
The food was prepared in a timely manner and was also delicious. From the pizza to salad to sandwiches it was all very good. The food is indulgent but they also have many healthy options. I highly recommend them for a large order!The Good: pizza was quality ingredients, we got the large Margherita and I'd definitely repeat it. Decent crust, good sauce and toppings bet it'd be really good if it was still hot when I got it.
The Bad: We had the pizza delivered to us at our church and it took about an hour and 10 minutes to arrive from the time I placed the order. At this point the pizza was sorta warm but definitely not close to remotely hot. I called 3 times to attempt to obtain a status on the pizza and didn't make much progress.
Would I order from Reginelli's again ? Yes I'd give it another shot, however I'd try dine in or carry out instead.I absolutely loved the food and the service the pasta was amazing the pizza could use some work tho1 star bc there was someone sneezing non stop in the kitchen (his mask was down all the time), we asked someone and she got mad and answered rudely.Tasty, fresh, and healthy food. Westbank location on Belle Chase highway is difficult to find because it is located in a shopping center with thick shrubbery hiding it's view from the road . Plus their signage is way too small.  But service and food very goodThis pizza place is the best ..  my favorite Spinach  and Artichoke with add chicken  and extra feta .. yummy  I especially like that the Resturant will make it  right if your order is incorrect which is not usual. Always a return customer!Do not order delivery from this store. Decided to order in tonight. Took an hour and 40 minutes for the food to arrive and of course it cold. Then the delivery driver lost the credit card slip and wanted me to sign the order slip with no prices. I really like their food but it needs to be warm when it arrives. If you want to get something from them go pick it up and bring it home.Great food, fun trivia and awesome beer. Will definitely return for other trivia nights.We were looking for a sit down pizza place to go with our family of 6 during Covid.  Our favorite place was only seating outdoors and I was too hot that day.  We ordered 3 pizzas....one was pepperoni, one all meats, and one with artichoke and chicken with a white sauce.  The children had soft drinks and sweet tea.  My husband had a beer and I had a house wine Pinot noir which was delicious.  I didn't realize the alcohol was so expensive but I should've asked how much.  My glass of wine was 11.95.  I thought it would've been maybe around 7.  Again, it was my fault but it was certainly delicious.  The total was a little under  $100 which is more than what we usually pay at most places.  With 4 children, we usually choose more reasonable priced places.  The marinara sauce was awesome.  I used my Yelp check-in to get free garlic butter knots which were a big hit.We tried this place on a whim while in town. So worth it. The food was very good. Pizza sauce is great. And the crust is like biting into a piece of fresh French bread. And the Italian cream soda is amazing. Do yourself a favor and get the hummus. It's some of the best I've ever had at a restaurant. And I'm fat, so I know hummus. I would HIGHLY recommend Reginelli's to anyone visiting the area.Keto options on point! Can't comment on the pizza for the obvious reasons :) But I would come back.The BBQ shrimp did not do well on take out, and it's important to note that I ate it immediately in the parking lot.  Got 8 small, overcooked shrimp, 2 of which were in the "popcorn" shrimp category.  The shrimp and sauce came in a 1/2 pint container, and at first I thought they had forgotten the shrimp and just given me the sauce.  The Ciabatta bread was excellent and fortunately I had asked them to put it separate, otherwise, it would have been soggy and ruined also.  At $12, very expensive and bad experience.We have been going more and more now due to trivia.   The food is great as well as the workers.  Great time for family and groups... I will keep coming back:)Dont bother ordering delivery. I tried twice and they were 15-25 minutes late both times. My address is 5 minutes from their restaurant. Food was cold upon delivery.  I supposed since it was ordered 1 hour and 15 minutes prior to delivery!  Food is delicious but don't bother with the delivery option.  Go pick it up yourself or eat in.It took over an hour for the pizza to be delivered. Never using this process again. I have never been more offended that this establishment did not follow their own rule of a 45 minute delivery time. Me and my family are absolutely disgusted by this intrepid act that Regi and his so called "Nelli's" have performed. Would have given 0 stars if that was an option.Always been a fan of Reginelli's, but I had kind of forgotten about in the wake of Theo's taking hold of the city. We dined in recently and really enjoyed our experience. Mostly because of the Detroit-style pizza special. Man, that thing is good. If this sticks around, so will I. Couple that with the beer/wine specials, and I'm definitely going to add Reginelli's back into the rotation.I can't say enough about the amazing service, Great pizza, and fun atmosphere. It's one of my go to pizza laces. Trivia night is a must!Burned muffuletta and kind of a small portion. The filling was mostly in the center. 
MehI love their pasta and I'm now a fan of their pizza. Their shrimp pasta with the cheese tortellini is my favorite I like to add roasted tomatoes to it.I could not believe they claim this is New Orleans best voted pizza, a very floppy and sloppy pizza. This is the worst pizza I've ever had, undercooked and way too sloppy, $30 in the trash.Delicious pizza and great drink specials! The guy who host trivia at the Elmwood location is a jerk but at least the pizza is good.I've been hearing a lot about this place and pass it everyday. With their weird schedule, I seem to always miss them. I was in the mood for authentic Italian and coming from NYC that craving is full filled easily. I'm happy to know that now I have quality Italian food here in Louisiana... right up the block from me!!!
I wished I had taken a picture. I didn't even get something all that fancy. Just a grill chicken Caesar (Ancona Caesar w/ funky cheeses) and a Shrimply Irresistible pasta dish. 
Definitely ordering here again!I have been seeing this place all over town and finally stopped to try.  
They have a VERY large menu for a "pizza" joint that ranges from hummus to salads to panninis!   
All of the food was reasonably priced, large portions, and very fresh tasting. The service was great and they had a few tables outside that were great for sitting in the sun.Food is always amazing! Great service as well. Dressed hummus is outstanding and my son loved the build your own kids pizza!Take out. Had the uptowner! Amazing! Very tasty. The focaccia bread was fresh and light. Very good portion of a sandwich. You could possibly split it with someone depending on how hungry you are. The food is always fresh and hot.Reginelli's won best pizza on Fox News or some news group like that so I decided to use my gift card on a pie. Honestly,  I have no idea why the pizza won any award especially a national one. The toppings are average, and the crust was dry. I prefer the pizza that my husband makes.This is my family's go to pizza joint - we've been ordering from there for years and I've dined in a few times. We absolutely love the El Fresco Pizza. The pizza is super fresh and never disappoints. Service is also friendly, fast, and the place itself is clean. They have a great happy hour on Mondays & Tuesdays for Abita pitchers. Only reason I'm not giving it a 5 is we've been disappointed in their calzones and feel they aren't the best even when we've provided this feedback. Then again, we just don't order them. Love this spot!BLUF:  Good pizza with original specialities.  I go every once in a while when being lazy (I am not a fan of chains even when they are good)
I got the mushroom pizza and it was really really good.  the garlic sauce instead of pizza sauce was awesome.  lots of mushrooms and lots of arugula.  Buddy got a calzone and he really liked his too.  well priced food.
Waitress was really really good.  No complaints, it is all really good; it is a chain though....Came in again(Harrison Ave.). Service was great if not better. Place was clean and orderly.  My sandwich wasn't as great. I got the meatball sandwich. It was dry and skimpy. So skimpy, I actually brought it to the waitress's attention to bring it back and please add more than one meatball to am entire sandwich. She was extremely polite about it. (Not her fault)
A little thick red gravy could've helped. The bread used in the sandwich was superb but the meatball was too "bready"(not enough actual meat).
If I comeback, I stick to the pizza.Reginelli's is my go-to lunch pizza place. They're pretty consistent with their food. The only thing I didn't like here was their gumbo pizza. Our waitress gave us a free sample of it the last time we came, and I wasn't impressed. But I still thought it was a good marketing move and really nice of them to offer their new menu items to their customers. 
All in all, great pizza, great food, and a great place!The crowd here at the lakeview location is a bit different from uptown, so if you don't mind a bunch of kids and their sometimes annoying antics, this place isn't bad.  The food is solid and $2 full-size pitchers of abita on Monday and Tuesday and a great staff doesn't hurt either.I am a fan of Reginelli's. Been multiple times. I like the vibe of the place and I think the pizza is pretty good. My favorite is the tony play's pizza. The flavors go perferectly together. They also have great appetizers like the breadsticks! Im sure there are other pizza places that are better but I haven't found one locally that I really like. It isn't too expensive and perfect for a big group or a just a couple of people. I have never had a bad experience here.Amazing salads! Love the location and our server, Taylor was very attentive which added to the great experience! The hummus is perfect also!One of the best pies in nola. Really Excellent pizza. But have to mention so that maybe mgt can address quality control. 1 or 2  out of 10 times we order it is Way off -- so much so that once or twice we didn't  eat. Was under or over Cooked or very poor sloppy attention to topping and sauce placement and proportions etc. we still order regularly. Really good.Decent pizza, but nothing to get overly excited about. Pizza is better than Dominos. They have outdoor seating. If you don't like pizza, there is a good variety in the menu. Not much more to write, because it is just your basic local pizza chain.This was my Italian joint when lived there (in Lakeview) for deliveries and also to have a quick bite. Everything is pretty awesome here but the item that I miss the most is their Baked Brie with apples... simply comforting. 
They were also a lifesaver when I vegetarian friend visited. Can't really find a lot of vegetarian places in Nola. 
Their caprese salad is also superb. Miss this place.Just good - I think it was called the Traditional - but barely warm when the delivery arrived. I can't say if they would've done anything about it because I didn't call to complain.Pizza is better than most chains but a bit overpriced. You'd be better off to eat at the restaurant as opposed to ordering. On more than one occasion they didn't begin making the pizza until I arrived, after ordering it 30 minutes prior. The staff seems a bit disorganized but friendly.I'm very particular about my pizza and it took quite a few visits to Reginelli's before I admitted to myself that this place was pretty darned good.  We rarely try any of the appetizers when we eat here, but the wifey is a big fan of hummus, therefore, we get the "dressed" hummus a lot, as it adds little extras like feta cheese, sun dried tomatoes, roasted red peppers & Calamata olives.  The Caprese salad is also one of the better offerings I have had, and the sliced cucumbers are a nice treat that most other places do not add.
If you are not in the mood for a pizza, there are several salad and sandwich options.  The chicken salad is my favorite salad as it is loaded with warm chicken (I hate a cold sliced chicken salad) and gorgonzola cheese.  The Ancona "chicken" Caesar salad is also good to go.
As far as the sandwiches are concerned, the Uptowner is a solid choice, but it's the Downtowner (turkey, Prosciutto, hard salami, roma tomatoes and melted mozzarella cheese with sun dried tomato & Calamata olive pesto on focaccia bread0 that floats my boat.  Trust me when I say it's heavy, extremely filling and delicious.
Even though this is a "pizza joint", I often get one of the calzones.  If you are from the Outer Rim and have never heard of a calzone, I implore you to drop everything and go get one today.  In essence, as per Wikipedia, "it's is an Italian oven-baked filled pizza, shaped like a folded pizza". If you are dining alone and don't want a pizza, this is the way to go.  However, it's big enough to easily serve 2 normal appetites.  This does not apply to me, as I can put one down like a bad habit; but I digress.  WARNING: The Calzones are served at a similar temperature to molten lava, so be careful with the first bite.  You've been warned.
It would be irresponsible of me not to talk about the pizza, and I have had quite a few here.  There are 13 different pizzas on the menu. We often get the Margherita or the Classic combo (no explanations necessary), however, there are 11 other interesting combinations.  But like most pizza joints, you can always build your own.  The pizzas are always cooked just right and are served steaming hot.
The place gets pretty busy at night so you never know how long you may have to wait for a table.  But trust me when I say that it's worth the wait. The tables are very close together and it gets very noisy at night.  Therefore, if you want a little privacy or a slightly quieter atmosphere, try to get one of the booths or tables in the slightly elevated dining area.  If you don't feel like eating in, they offer delivery service as well.  Lastly, they are very kid friendly, as there are always a lot of kids here at night.I like Reginelli's. I've probably been here countless times than I can count on one hand. It's certainly not my favorite pizza joint, but it's quite tasty. Their combinations are really good and that's what makes them stand out from other places. What I don't like about Reginelli's is the inconsistency. From my personal experience, 1 out of every 5 pizzas is a let down. It's either not enough sauce or they take an hour and a half to deliver. You never know what your gonna get. Lately though it's been pretty good. Some of my faves include:
-Smokin chicken (chicken, pancetta, caramelized onions and mozzarella on a spicy smoked tomato sauce).
-Saltimbocca (chicken, spinach, fresh lemon juice, and prosciutto.
Their prices are a little higher than others in the area, but you pay for what you get and that's quality ingredients on a fresh pie.Came here Saturday Aug/2/2014@9pm. The service was good, employees polite, the establishment was spotless, and located in the busy strip of Harrison Ave. Great neighborhood with lots of activity. The environment was great to say the least.
I had not been to Reginelli's since before Katrina on Magazine, Uptown.
I ordered the "HWY90" sandwich. I paid nearly $9. Here's the problem, the entire sandwich was cold except for the sausage slices. The bread was cold and dry. They skimped out whatever the sauce that was spread on the bread. I opened it to see if anything was on it and I saw that they cleaned the knife on the bread but no purposely applied dressing. If you were to blindfold me and have a taste test with this sandwich and a prepackaged sandwich from a gas station... I'd be unable to tell you which is which. Complete FAIL. I should've gone to subway.. They at least toast their bread.  In addition to poor execution, the sandwich came alone without any side item. I came in to this restaurant thinking "casual Italian dining", walked out thinking "could've gone to Quiznos". 
Who'd think tourist trap restaurants were limited to the French Quarter?Most underrated place. Despite their changing and seasonal menus this place is consistently delicious. We order from reginellis often but tonight's food was inspiring. We're meat eaters and even their veggie pizza was outstanding. Called the veggie Reggie. The pic is the Caesar salad. Thanks for upping the pizza game in Nola, reginellis.What a great local spot to go hit up for lunch or dinner.  I haven't had the pizza, but the sandwiches and salads are great.  If you're lucky enough to be staying close by, it's an easy neighborhood walk, however, there's a good amount of parking in the median, and around the corner.
The service is friendly and impeccably timed.  The restaurant is cute, and even the bathrooms are great and very cleanly.  All in all an awesome personal experience.  Highly recommended.Very friendly and attentive servers. Capres is wonderful! The Nor'Ester pizza is fantastic!! 2 drinks, an app and large pie for under $30.The Harrison Ave restaurant is amazing! This is a place that if you arrive depressed, you leave happy! The 1950s decor and colorful, padded walls can't help but make you smile. Combine this with a great, cheerful and professional staff and you will have an amazing night out. Lastly, the pizza is really, really great!  If there is a better pizza in town its at Pizza Delicious- but its like when the Saints play the Falcons: Sometimes the Saints win- sometimes its the Falcons. The menu is quite varied and literally everything on it is good. I know because I have tried them! Enjoy!Reginelli's is my favorite neighborhood pizza joint.
There's usually ample parking in the median and there are a few spots on Harrison, but they're sometimes hard to snag.
Once inside we're always seated right away, and my favorite spots are the booths on the raised level.
The pizzas are delicious - really tangy red sauce, but if you're looking for something healthy try the Eat Fit menu. The Chicken Garcia wrap is amazing. If you're not looking for healthy, try the garlic knots. They're sinful!! If you go that route just know that it's not a first date appetizer. Seriously, the amount of garlic is enough to kill Nosferatu. But they're so worth it! 
I can't neglect to mention the soups. I love the tomato basil and the corn and crab. They're always delicious and are always served piping hot.
I'm always happy with the food and the service at this location.Consistently good food. The pitaco is a great plus to the menu especially for veggie lovers. It's a pita  layered with hummus, cucumbers, alphafa sprouts and feta. It's definitely worth trying. The pizza is good with lots of options. I like the spicy chicken. Not too spicy just enough for flavor. 
Five stars for consistency with food and service! More stars for delivery!!This one star is for all of the seven locations I called to see if by chance I could get a pizza delivered to our house in MidCity. We live right off of Canal near Carrollton, a pretty common, easily accessible location in the heart of New Orleans! Not one single location of the seven in this very small city could deliver to us??? They all acted like we live in the middle of nowhere. They also kept redirecting me to call other locations to see if they would deliver. None would. On the map several locations show as only being two to three miles from us! Ridiculous and lazy! Just go to Theo's instead if you're in MidCity.Awesome take out! I got the pesto tortellini with a Caesar and it was exactly what I wanted!! Fast delivery service too.We love ordering delivery from here. Pizza is always delicious & hot, & we always have to get the dressed hummus :)  They messed up our order one time, but promptly fixed it. Great serviceGood pizza parlor for family or casual date! Fresh ingredients and they have the staff trained to work in a team approach!  Very nice service.We eat here all the time!! Dine in and delivery. Never had a single problem with food or service. Very accommodating to vegetarians/vegans.Small chicken pesto pizza was enough for us 3 girls - 2 slices each. Delicious. Slow food waiting time, but it could've been because i was so hungry.I would like more than two manicotti with al least half my serving dish(box) full but, the dish is quite flavorful and warm. Portions are small for take out/delivery so, eat in the resultant and then just get it boxed up.Very good pizza!  I had pepperoni and bacon pizza which I loved.  The crust is very flavorful.  The only problem I had was parking but it was very busy on Friday nite.I have enjoyed this chain since I moved here.  The locations are well spread out so that no matter where you live in the city you can jet our and have some good food at a decent price in a bright cheery atmosphere.
The crust on the pizza's are always well done with fresh ingredients.  The smokin chicken and parthenon are great specialty pizza's and the make your own offers a variety of cheeses and roasted garlic... that's right... I said roasted garlic.
The pesto tortellini is a standby love of mine as is the uptowner sandwhich and the shrimp grits makes me dance a bit.  
The calzone's are top notch.  And the apps are easy to eat and full of flavor.
It's always dependable wether you go in or take out.  The wait staff is usally decently efficient and nice while the decor is cheery.  Though the blue bubble wall in this particular one gets to me a little.  The one on magazine and state does have those awesome outside chairs on the sidewalk. 
Overall it's totally enjoyable with good food.  Go.. you'll see.I'm always skeptical of chain type restaurants. Esp on the Italian side. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the bang for buck here. Tons of quality food for a fraction of the price. 
The appetizer cheesy bread was the size of a small pizza, the calzone didn't even fit on the plate and caprese salad was right on with flavor (even with the surprise cucumbers).We ordered food by phone for delivery and it was delivered by a courteous driver within the time frame promised. The meal included sandwiches, a calzone,?and two appetizers.
The calzone was the Sergio's Special which features sausage, green peppers, onions and two cheeses. It is huge and very tasty. Well browned crust was light and flaky. 
There were copious amounts of the sausage, peppers, onions, etc. stuffed inside. It is served with a tasty dipping sauce in a separate container. 
The sandwiches were the pear, ham, and Brie on a golden brown flaky roll. Excellent blending of flavors and a more than ample serving size. 
The cheese sticks and garlic dough bites were OK. Neither good nor bad. Served with a side tomato based sauce for dipping.
Each of the sandwiches and the calzone serve two. Or in our case, the leftover becomes the next day's lunch. Overall a good value.My favorite pizza 0lace. Always consist. Salads and pizza so yummy. Staff always friendly and clean place. Highly recommendReginelli Pizza was OK. The surrounding area is cute and there's parking in the neutral ground. It's kind of an odd welcome when you first walk in. There are three cash registers and nothing on the yellow wall facing you at the entrance. You are greeted by three lovely girls who say hi but seem a tad confused as to the next step in the hosting process. You'd normally expect a pizza place to have their menu on the wall. We asked to see a menu and then we decided to sit out under the sun so they sent us outside and a server came out with menus and silverware rollups. I think maybe they want to offer a sit down setting with servers inside too but it was not apparently obvious. We liked the menu choices of Pizza, Sandwiches, Salads, Pastas, Calzones and Appetizers though they do not have gluten free dough. The menu also offers some great healthy options like Grilled Chicken Salad, Pita Sandwiches, and Hummus. We had the Dressed Hummus with the tomatoes, apples and cucumbers. It was nice and light. I had the Cauliflower and Roasted Vegetables which was a tasty mix of cauliflower, eggplant, peppers and other vegetables drizzled with balsamic. Maybe I should say more like drenched in balsamic. I still enjoyed my dish but after awhile, the balsamic was just too much. The Grilled Chicken Salad also had too much dressing. I'm sure the extra dressing made it fall off the healthy category. The service is friendly and attentive. I asked for Sparkling Water with a lime and they don't have that but they didn't offer an alternative. Steve then asked if they had Soda Water and it turns out they do have that.Good pizza. Canebrake on tap.  Decent enough atmosphere.  We were thoroughly entertained by the two middle-aged women gossiping at the table next to us.  Service was good, and food was good as usual.Service was extremely slow. I had to ask numerous times for coloring sheets. Server was extremely nice. I love the fact that my daughter can come to make her own pizza.They have a little patio area you can sit outside on nice days. I got a personal pizza and loved it. If it wasn't such a drive I would probably stop by more often.Haven't had anything I didn't like from this place. Tony's pick is my favorite pizza! Staff is friendly and restaurant always looks nice and clean! Highly recommendHad two dine in visits here recently. Got the gumbo pizza. It was super fantastic. The young lady who took my order Shelby or Kat whatever her  name is was really awesome and extra kind and sweet! The pizza was more delicious than either Domino's or Papa John's. It had real and fresh ingredients and the flavor just danced on my tongue! I had Crystal sauce available if I wanted, and I could have- but I enjoyed it fondly and lovingly just as it was. It is my favorite pizza! I am looking forward to straggling in again and ordering another and savoring it! I can't wait! True awesomeness all around!I'm so glad you guys deliver to the Gentilly/Dillard area.  I love the Avocado Asparagus salad. All of the pizza tried so far is delicious.  My favorite was the Shrimp Pizza during Lent - it should be on the menu permanently!!!!Just finished trying a new menu item - Gumbo pizza - it's a winner!!!    Very innovative - good job guys!I would really wanted to go 4 and a half stars. The pizza is amazing. The service was fast. Beer cheap. I'm just a tourist here but I was refer here to one of the best pizzas in the area. I live in New York and I have to say is a very good pizza and great price.$2 Abita pitchers on Mondays and Tuesdays with any entree or large pizza?  Count me in!!
I actually think the pizza here is pretty good.  And I'm from NY, so that's saying something!  I wouldn't consider it excessively greasy.  Maybe it varies depending on whose making it.  And although I always blot my pizza with a napkin (don't judge), I barely blot theirs.  I'm not sure what some of the complaints are about.  It doesn't taste like frozen pizza, and the crust is tasty.  Sure, maybe it's not top of the line gourmet.  I tried the Cheagan recently and I thought it was yummy!  Loaded with lots of veggies, just how I like it.  
Aside from the pizza, I've only tried their hummus pita sandwich (which I enjoyed), so I can't really comment on the rest of their food. 
It can get a little loud and busy there some nights, but you can always sit outside (weather permitting).  I've found the waitstaff to be friendly and accommodatingThe Shrimp Forrest is to die for. Tortellini, chopped pancetta, shrimp and green onion in a spicy red pepper cream sauce. First class New Orleans Italian classic served perfectly. Dirt cheap at $13.50 as it serves 2 easily. Had it delivered last night late and ate like a king.
Late addition to this review- Reginelli's took my favorite item off the menu, so I no longer go to Reginelli's. Ever.One of my favorite places for pizza, pasta and salads.  However I want to add a few caveats.  First, I have no idea why on earth they changed their salad dressings.  The old ones were amazing.  The new ones do NOT go well with the salads and frankly are obviously CISCO or some bulk cheap garbage.  Penny wise pound foolish because now I dont go as often.  The only other complaint I have is how SALTY the food is.  But its not just Reginelli's its many of the area's take out restaurants.  There is no reason to use so much salt, this is a New Orleans thing, because I have never experienced this in other places I've lived.  Maybe everyone locally is used to this, but for me, I have to keep a gallon of water by my bedside for the rest of the night.  For these reasons I gave them a 3 star.  Correct the above and you'd have a 4 or 5 star.Great hangout spot! The appetizers are delightful and greatly priced. I tend to always order the Hot Trio for an app, but the hummus is great as well. The Ancona Caesar is to die for!I really enjoyed the pizza.  Grilled chicken topping was excellent with fresh veggies.  Crust was cooked well.  Good garlic flavor.   Kids loved the cheese pizza.  Will be returning.I called to place an order for delivery during a very busy time and was put on hold. A different person finished taking my order but apparently didn't realize it was for delivery. I waited for 50 minutes and when nobody showed up I called Reginelli's. The woman apologized and sent my order right away at no charge to me.I really enjoyed the pizza and pasta here. I like the late hours (11 pm).  I've been to the downtown location and here.  Both were pretty good.This is our hands down favorite pizza place. We love their crust, breads, and sauce. Even better than ordering their pizza is their dine in experience. We hit brunch here today--they do brunch starting at 10am on the weekends with bottomless mimosas and bloody mary! We came right as they opened. I ordered the soup and a calzone,  he ordered the Megan breakfast sandwich. The general manager, as my soup was taking a little longer than they anticipated (which wasn't long at all), offered us complimentary biscuits with a to die for honey butter. We loved all of it and had a fantastic time! Their facility is clean, professional and very relaxing. Our wait staff was also very good amd timely with our drinks and overall service. I can't say enough good things about this place!Very disappointed in this location lately. Seems delivery is never timely, and food is lukewarm when delivered and today was another unfortunate example. I placed an order today and it took over an hour to be delivered, an hour 15 to be exact. The order was a pizza and a sandwich. Nothing crazy. I called and was told a large party of 30 showed up when my order was placed. This is rather confusing because if my food took an hour to be cooked because of this party, so if I had been dining in would that have been the case too or did they make my food first and wait an hour to deliver it.Best pizza in New Orleans. Monday and Tuesdays they have 2 dollar pint beers. The prices are very fair for the proportions. The Saltimbocca pizza is the best pizza, you have to try it.On a set of blocks that is one of my favorite to go to in New Orleans, this is in the middle of several businesses in a small area that has many options for food, shopping and spa services. Parking will be found in the middle of the road, a separated area on the island in the middle, then cross over on the cross walk to come in to this pizza place. Every time I have walked in, they have asked what name my order was placed under for pick up as if either I am not the type of person they actually want eating in, or maybe they just don't feel like ng table service. It is so odd, I just get the feeling they don't want me seated at their table. I have never ordered to go, I have always opted for dining in.
I have only ever tried their pizzas, and their small is enough for me for two meals. Though it does take awhile to pay your bill and get a to go box sometimes. It is fairly neat and clean inside. They attract a lot of families. I do enjoy coming here, even though it is usually awkward initially.I used to like this place a lot. I would come here for lunch and downtown until I ordered the shrimp bbq "to go " along with 4 other entrees and I am so dissapointed at the portion size. It is not even half of what is served at the restaurant. I even asked the order taker if it would be the same as I knew a dish like that would be difficult to order to go. She said it would be fine. 
The avocado and asparagus salad had exactly 2 asparagus and 2 slices of avocado. Also not typical at the restaurant. They shouldn't charge full price if they aren't going to give you anywhere near the same quality compared to the restaurant.
Don't order "to go"Pizza was pretty good...BUT the soap dispensers in the bathrooms were broken. Ew! How are the employees supposed to wash their hands after using the bathroom? YuckI looooove the food and the service. Especially when Alison is my server. She makes sure that we always have everything that we need and then some!I am shocked by Reginelli's service. I am a frequent Reginelli's patron, at I think all locations, especially Brent's restaurant. I ordered the classic pizza with minimal alterations. When it arrived, the pizza was cold, I didn't get any parmesan cheese or red pepper flakes. This doesn't represent the Reginelli's I've come to know and love. Additionally, when I called to check on my order, I was placed on hold three times, only for someone new to puck-up the phone, each time, to take my order. Maybe the Harrison Avenue location is under new management or short-staffed, but they must do better. This is just so disappointing.My favoriteeeeee salad ever: avocado and asparagus salad. Sometimes I eat it plain. Sometimes I add shrimp or chicken. Whatever you like!Our favorite pizza place! The Frescanon pizza cannot be beat and the BBQ Shrimp - what?! Soooooo good! The service is quick and friendly. We usually do take out and never have an issue. Pizzas are just the start - salads, sandwiches, pastas ... too much goodness to chose from! But get the FrescanonWe order pizza from here at least once weekly! The delivery driver is usually greeted like a King by my kids, lol. The Frescanon pizza is to die for (for grownups or veggie-loving kids). Super tasty and loaded with veggies it is s favorite here! The kids always get a reliable plain cheeses pizza and their appetite seems better than on any other night of the week. Delivery times can be a bit long during evening / dinner rush so just be prepared for that (this isn't Domino's - much better quality.) definitely recommend!Perfect place to order from or dine in no matter your mood.
All the pizzas, pastas, salads are wonderful - lots of creative combinations. (The calzones aren't my cup of tea but are a humongous portion for the price.) 
Would I rather go to a pretentious French quarter restaurant or Reginellis? Reginellis, obviously! The food, atmosphere, value, and clientele win every time.Good food, terrible service at this location. Need to hire more competent employees. Very rude to customers and would literally rather drive to Metairie or downtown than order from this location again. 
The first time they messed up was when we ordered a carry out pizza that would take 30 minutes. Actual time was an hour and a half. One time mistake, decided to give it another try. Ordered via phone and had my friend pick it up. They said they had no record of that order and blame it on me, saying I must have called the wrong number. Re dialed the number, confirmed it was Harrison, and they realized they had my order, but just messed up my number and name somehow. No big deal, but the employee decided to be very rude and abruptly hung up on me while I was asking her if we could resume getting the order and how to go about it. Done with this location.I always enjoy Reginelli's. The pizza and sandwiches are really good. 
The service has always been great, and they usually have tables available. This location in particularly is my favorite.
My favorite is the Tony's pizza, the crust is thin but not too thin, and all the toppings are broil to make a really good pizza. They marinara sauce has the spicy touch of new orleans, and who doesn't like that?!
They offer a good selection of beers on tap, and sone wines.So this place is hit or miss- sometimes pizza is great and service is quick. But last time we went we waited 30 minutes beyond the expected wait time for a pick up-- and the pizza was pretty soggy. Not a 5 star place for us.  Consistency keeps me coming back- so we will see....the reginelli's uptown on magazine puts more effort into their chicken salad than this one in lakeview. that's normally all i get and the one i had here was drenched in dressing, short on greens, and had what seemed like a big ice cream scoop of gorgonzola cheese on it. big overkill. it really just seemed lackluster as far as effort goes in building the salad. when i worked in any kitchen, i made things to the degree i would expect it to be set before me as a patron. that perspective was not reciprocated. the chicken was really good though. i'll give them that. 
i'll give it another shot because of the proximity to my place but they need to tighten the chicken salad up.Hey, my name is Shelby. I work at here at the Lakeview location. I've been working here for almost two years now. Working for Reginelli's has been a wonderful experience for me. I've learned a lot of great leadership skills and my coworkers are more than just my coworkers, they're also my friends. The food is so very delicious too, trust me, I eat here almost 5 times a week! We use the freshest ingredients and if we feel the food isn't up to par we'll make it over. Our customers are our number 1 concern and we want nothing but to make your experience a good one! If you've never given us a try, you should. We'll be happy to serve you!Great service! Spinach and artichoke dip is the best I've ever had!I'd love to know who does the marketing for Reginelli's; it's so cute and eye catching.  Their menus are printed on pizza boxes.  
For lunch I like their cold trio, it's on the appetizer menu.  It's a caprese salad, steamed asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and hummus with Greek olives, feta and sun-dried tomatoes and roasted red peppers.  It comes with a side of pita.  It's really lite and delicious and is one of their healthier options.They can't get it together at this location. Either soggy cold pizza or an incorrect order. Look for other locations if you want a good experience from  Reginelli's.I expected the same awesome pizza I got at Reginellis Magazine about a year ago. What I got was an entirely different recipe. 
This new crust thing they are doing is garbage. It tastes and feels like they just order crusts from Cisco, thaw them, and top them. They're perforated perfect circles with perfect consistency. Definitely factory made. 
The "Cheagan", I couldn't finish it. What felt like it could have been an awesome recipe manifested itself as a pile of salt and grease. It's SO SALTY, and GREASIER than Dominos.
The Mediterranean was equally greasy and had barely any sauce. There was more grease than sauce, in fact. 
My largest complaint was about the Baked Brie Calzone. ITS NOT A CALZONE. A calzone is a pizza folded in half stuffed with ingredients. This was just a very greasy flake crust pastry straight off the Cisco truck. "Calzone", pfft.Love the DREAM STATE sandwich (it's meat free) & very filling. (All sandwiches are good.) Salads are good, but small for the price, imo. If you're really hungry, the salad alone may not be enough for dinner. Cheese pizza is our pick. The Tiramisu isn't traditional, but it is soooo good.. Kahlua in there? Maybe you can guess. It is addictive! Enjoy!! Pics of all below. 
Also, they have a rewards card, but there's no option to enter the reward number when using their delivery-- so it's been useless to us.The food really is better than a 3, probably 3.5.  Tonight I had the cauliflower parmesan appetizer.  It is outstanding.  I have had it a few times now and it is a clever and delicious appetizer.  Kudos!  The spinach artichoke dip appetizer was very good.  The croutons were outstanding, but the dip itself was just OK.   Tried the bacon and blue salad.  It needed much more blue cheese.  I had to put a lot of parmesan cheese on the salad to make it palatable.  Service was a bit spotty but good.  Overall, a good restaurant that has been around for quite a while.Very authentic and homemade goodness! Absolutely comfort for me as the recipes are old world Italian just like my Mama 's tasted. I am still working on the rest of the menu as I always have to have the Margarita Pizza lol I am addicted!I love this place! Every time I go to Reginellis the service is always excellent. My favorite thing to get is the cold trio with some modifications. Last time I went there my server Kristen killed it.I have tried tons of things here and LOVE it! For sure a go to for sandwich, the uptowner. Their nontraditional and traditional red sauce pizzas are so good!I LOVE Reginelli's! The Eggplant Reginelli is my favorite appetizer to start, and then I got the dream state sandwich! The walnuts were a surprisingly good addition to the sandwich, along with the eggplant. Pictured below is the dream state sandwich, classic combo pizza, eggplant reginelli, chicken salad, and the green salad with chicken added! Reginelli's is very accommodating and the delivery time was reasonable and easy; will definitely be ordering again soon!!