I would not recommend this place at all. Maybe they would like to clean it up or maybe get a bartender with less of an attitude. As for service it didn't exist. Party of 7 waked right out the door.Drink selection was fine.  Service was awful.  It was slow, so they had last call early and then actually told us they were kicking us out, and it was before the listed closing time.  They are really missing out on sales, as many people want to stop by for a night-cap since they are staying in the attached hotel, but they can't be bothered to wait on would-be patrons.Brianna makes a great martini. Came for happy hour. Had a perfect cosmopolitan. Can't beat the price for three dollars. Definitely worth a try. Will be back tomorrow night.This bar is great! Live music every night from what I am told. Bartender Michael is awesome! Ask him to whip you up one of their over 100 different martinis! They offer a food menu but I haven't eaten here yet. I'm always more in the drinking and listening to live music mood. Stop by and check them out. They are located just one block away from bourbon street so if you're not local, you can still feel safe and close to the action!This is going to be a combo review as I stayed four nights in the hotel above RF's. First night I ordered a Bloody Mary, of course, and a dozen oysters as I waited for a colleague. Yum! Then I ordered another two drinks as my friend said she was coming down. The bartender even brought us a tiny carafe of the extra! The oysters were literally the size of the base of my fist. Another afternoon we added a bowl of gumbo and fries to our oysters. I ate breakfast three times here as well. Service is fast. Food is yummy and fresh. Afternoons and evenings have live music pouring out the open doors so come and enjoy!Made reservations for dinner, but when we got there the bartender told us that the restaurant was closed. When I told him about our reservations, and he simply shrugged and repeated that the restaurant was closed. We were going to stay for drinks, but apparently the bar was closing at 9pm on a Friday night? This place needs to get it together.We stumbled upon this restaurant, pulled in by the incredible music. The band was amazing! Truly talented musicians and exactly what I was hoping to find for my first time in NOLA! 
We were seated in the most amazing little booth in the bar. A private seating area with a couch in the middle of all the action. It really made my feel important and special. They weren't saving this booth for someone else, they were saving it for me. :)
Next, to the food. We got the Creamed Spinach Extraordinaire to start and oh my was it AMAZING! Grier cheese, bacon and spinach. I would come back just for this. HIGHLY recommended. For the rest of our food I got the red beans and rice and the hubby got a burger. They were delicious. At the end of our meal, we were surprised with complimentary cotton candy!!! Who does this?!? It was such a great customer service touch!!!
Speaking of customer service, I have not been treated this nice in a long time. Everyone from the host to the waitress was so friendly, helpful and truly customer service focused. The icing on the cake was the manager, Buddy, that floated around the room greeting customer and taking time to talk to us. 
We are considering this a bucket list experience. In the heat of NOLA with great music, great food and great people. Thank you RF's for an evening of great memories.My boyfriend and I were somewhat skeptical when we walked in for our Christmas Eve reservation. Very dimly lit, quiet and one of the only spots in town we could get a last minute Christmas Eve dinner reservation, we wondered if there was a reason why it wasn't filled with people. 
Oh, are we glad we stayed. It was the best dinners I had during my 3-day holiday stay in New Orleans. The dinner and service were OUTSTANDING. Everyone we had contact with was warm and hospitable, especially our server. 
The fish dish that I had is no longer on the current menu and I can't remember the name other than it was a gulf fish, but it is one of the top 5 entrees I have ever had. Best part: (old lady alert) I didn't have to pay for it later. Most dishes, even at the best restaurants in New Orleans, leave me with sausage fingers about 4 hours later with the amount of hidden sodium in the delicious sauces. I'm happy to say I was not downing gallons of water after this meal. 
Also, best bread pudding I've ever had. I highly recommend this spot.We stopped in here almost everyday for the happy hour! You can't go wrong! $3 martinis $3 bite of the day (appetizers rotate daily) you can't beat it! Who doesn't love a lemon drop martini?? Also the bar tenders were very friendly! Great pit stopI read the reviews and I'm really surprised to hear that some past customers gave such low marks. We were seated right as we walked in the door, and our waiter came over promptly. He told us his name (I forgot it though :/) and asked us how we were doing. Our travel day was kinda rough and he asked to sit in our spare spot and we had a short conversation and we told him about our flight and we found out he was originally from Palo Alto, very close to where we live. Some might not like this kind of close/personal interaction but I thought it was very polite and thoughtful. I came here the day I flew out to NOLA and my sister, mom, and I shared the alligator bites, duck & andouille gumbo, and the creole chicken and waffles. The alligator bites were pretty good but the other two things we ordered were to DIE FOR. The gumbo was flavorful, and the duck was so tender. The chicken was crispy and tender, the waffles were fluffy, and the syrup had a hint of spice that complimented the dish. It wasn't busy at all so after we paid the bill which was around $60 for three people sharing an appatizer, 2 entrees, 2 beers and a martini, we were invited to take our time and enjoy our meal. It was very nice to not be rushed out after we paid the bill. We enjoyed ourselves so much the first time we went back this evening and had an equally excellent experience. Thinking of trying to get some gumbo to take home some how, some way. I've gone to a bunch of higher end restaurants like Galitoire's, and RF'S was the best creole food I've had this whole week long trip.While I'm not a big drinker, I'd looked at the French / Italian inspired menu and decided to try it. We were seated in a private alcove, perfect for a romantic dinner. My boyfriend started with the Caesar with the fried artichoke, I had the mussels. Both were delicious and the sauce for the mussels went perfectly with the salty foccacia on the table. Then came the entrées which was the only part of the meal I was sad about. While the chicken saltimbocca was great the steak frites was so fantastic I momentarily wanted to swap the plates after making him look away. I considered the delicious sounding desserts I realized I couldn't fit another bite after the generous portions. An indulgence indeed but worth it.Absolutely best prices on martinis and oyster specials during happy hour. Enjoyed the bar tender services with their humorous stories and singing talent. Thanks to Ellen and Joshua.Bartenders were awesome and we had our first sazeracs here. Took one sip for the experience but Martinis were great!I always come here for happy hour and the martini deal. This place was a favorite until today's experience.  I ordered the "alligator bites" expecting a plate of fried alligator meat but what I got was three fried chicken wings.  I politely informed the bartenders that I got someone else's order and showed him the two parallel bones that you would ordinarily see in chickened wings "i think that is alligator but let me ask the chef"
He comes back and informs me that the chef agreed but invited me to speak with him.
The chef immediately and unhesitantly snarked "you don't know what you're talking about bud watch this" and walks to the freezer and pulled out three HUGE alligator legs that were frozen.
With the bones in my hand I said "I've been a sous chef and I've worked as a butcher for 6 years there is absolutely no part of the alligators carcus that has two tiny parallel bones. that is only seen in two legged animals [poultry]
His response was "6 years pah, ive been a chef for 30.. thanks bud" and immediately walked away.
Now..
I wouldn't be that upset about a $3.00 special on an appetizer except for the fact that he wouldn't own up to the fact that he was selling 3 chicken wings [which usually retail at $0.65 ea] I know restaurants usually pull those types of maneuvers usually with fish.
Now riddle me this.  If this was the daily special and could be prepared in minutes why could he only show me FROZEN alligator. Surely the daily special is thawed and ready to fry, no?
I received no refund, no apology no "okay, you caught me" nothing.
I got a snarkly response and condescending remark on my job title.
I will be reporting this to the better business Bureau. 
I will cross post this to yelp, 
And I will certainly take myself and my friends elsewhere.A Groupon brought us to Richard Fiske's.  The atmosphere is relaxed but romantic and the music was outstanding (Big Fine Ellen).  We started with the flash fried calamari and mac-n-cheese topped with fried oysters.  The calamari was very good, but the mac-n-cheese topped with fried oysters was AMAZING!  This appetizer alone warrants a visit to Richard Fiske's.  For dinner I chose the special which was shrimp with smoked Gouda grits.  The shrimp was a bit salty for me but the grits were delicious.  My husband opted for the steak frites.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the truffle fries were tasty.Nice laid back atmosphere - a break from the chaos and crowds of New Orleans.Great little neat place away from the hustle of bourbon st. Great music, service, and great decoration.Both the worst and most expensive meal we had while in New Orleans. Don't bother. The service was god awful. The food was nothing special. They share a bathroom with people coming in off bourbon, takes forever. Save yourself time, money, and the disappoint. Go over to Cane and Table or Cochon for an unforgettable meal.The only reason this place gets any stars is because of the live entertainment.
The food took over an hour to come the table. It was cold and bland. Our bartender/waiter forgot most of our order and was very much in the weeds. 
Not recommended at all.Love this bar. I stay in the hotel just so I'm close to RF's. Great music and Josh the bartender is awesome. One of the best bartenders in the world. Literally, he's ranked something like #4 in the world. Stop by if you have time. You won't be sorry.Man I wish I could give zero stars. 
I'm sure the happy hour is great, but dinner service was horrendous. 
When we first approached the host stand for our reservation time, we were ignored for a good five minutes. Staff was running around and totally oblivious to the fact that we were even there. 
We finally get seated and brought menus. I ask for a cocktail menu, to which the waiter responds that they don't have any. Ummmm I thought this was a martini bar.  Da fuq? How do you run out of cocktail menus? After finally tracking one down (that he took from another table), I ordered the sazerac. It was whatever. 
They brought out bread that was cold tasteless. 
Our appetizers came out in a normal time. The gumbo was very watery but the broiled oysters were actually very good. 
An hour later, my father had to demand where our salad course was. The waiter barely apologized, citing that they were short staffed. Um the restaurant was half empty on a Saturday. How are you short staffed? Anyway, they finally brought the Caesar salads out and they were gross. Dressing was clearly bottled and the lettuce was the white parts of the romain that good restaurants through away. The crouton was burnt. 
At this point I started yelping other places to eat because this place blew. I asked the waiter/manager what the eta was on our main courses because if they were coming right out I would just stick it out and eat them rather than leaving. He said "right away."  Who knew that right away meant twenty minutes in NOLA. 
When our main dishes came out, they were cold. Not lukewarm; cold. Jambalaya is not meant to be served cold. Rice should not be cold. 
We demanded our check and told the guy we wouldn't be paying. We threw him a pity $60 for the booze. 
Don't ever eat hear. Get the $3 happy hour maybe. Don't eat here.Waited two hours for food, upon arrival it was cold and bland. The wait staff was overwhelmed and the restaurant was under greatly staffed. Music was phenomenal and clear the only reason one would come to the restaurant.Hands down the best bartenders in the French quarter. Happy hour 3-7 the most amazing $3 pomergranit martinis and mouth watering happy hour snacks for $2. A must Go to place!!!Lively little place a block away from bourbon street with live music and a fun vibe. Only came here for a drink during happy hour (from 5-7), my martini was only $3 and the wines were $5. Great place to grab a drink and dance to some nice tunes to escape the craziness.A low key bar with good music. It was nice to be able to sit and listen to the music without having a bunch of out of hand drunks around. Food choices could have been a little more diverse.Yep the owner needs to wake up whoever owns this bar.  The manager/bar tender is rude as hell.  This place is lacking in professionalism and just plane simple kindnest to the guest.  I saw him kick out several people for no reason.  He is just on his HIGH horse and needs to be fired.  My parents owned a hotel/bar resturant in a tourist area he would not make it one day....I think he just crank up or something one with him. Tourist take your money somewhere else.Great Music And  Martinis to Match the Tasty Food- New Orleans Style
Wife and I visited here on a Groupon and already had reviewed what we were going to get via the net. As we entered, we could hear live music which really set the atmosphere for a New Orleans style relaxation and food. We ordered the happy hour martinis and they, for the price, was a bargain at 3.00. Here's the food we had and shared: RF's Burger with Fries, Louisiana P & J Brand Oyster on the Half Shell, Charbroiled Louisiana P & J Brand Oysters, New Orleans BBQ Shrimp and Grits. All of this was very tasty though the chargrilled oysters were not nearly the best we have had. Wait staff was outstanding and the manager was very cooperative on handling the Groupon which appeared expired though the reservation was made before it expired.I was there on a recent Sunday, and the bartender was incredibly slow, rude, and on top of that short poured my martini.  Needless to say, I will not be back.Great place to be on New Year's eve, not too far and not to close to Bourbon Street, The rack of lamb was delicious, and the service was great. In total, we enjoyed:
Louisiana Crab & Roasted Creole Tomato Fondue
With Manchego cheese, scallions and grilled crostini
Carciofi Caesar Salad
Torn Romaine lettuce with roasted artichoke hearts, fresh Parmesian, Spanish anchovies and broken crustini
Coffee and Coriander Spiced Rack of Lamb
New Zealand Lamb with Pinot Noir Beurre Rouge and Goat Cheese Whipped potato
Bacon & Balsamic Braised Brussel Sprouts
Smoked Gouda Cheese Grits
Breakfast was fine, but the server was single-handed and badly backed up. Pleasant gentleman, though.This place is amazing.  The music is why drew me in but the bar was great. There were NO servers in the restaurant so it was, for all intensive purposes, closed. So I sat at the bar and ordered some food. The wedge salad was good and the gumbo was spot-on. But more than anything else, the ambience, the energy and the fantastic service could not be beat!! This place is a MUST VISIT if you're in New Orleans!!!!Excellent food and great service! Ask for Kash, she's great! I would highly recommend the fish special or the steak! I also really liked the cool as a cucumber martini and the Manhattan Martini! Definitely will be back here!My favorite place to go for live music, good food and drinks! The martini menu is so extensive and they have great deals for happy hour. The seafood Mac and cheese is my favoriteLooking at the other reviews, I'm not sure if my experience was somewhat unusual, but i can't recommend this place enough! Sat at the bar, had my first Sazerac, then a martini and finished off with a couple beers. I was there at happy hour. The $2 food item was an oyster/corn beignet, with a flavorful sauce. It was small, but so so so delicious. I also had the Yaka Mein soup, which was spot on. The bartenders were extremely on point, fun to talk to, never let a glass get empty. It was my best surprise find of the trip!No munchies available at the bar due to Christmas eve dinner in the dining area.  We had a large late lunch so we weren't extremely hungry.  We had heard about this restaurant and wanted to stop by anyway.  Barman was nice enough to provide us with peanuts.  It would have been nice to have been able to try some of their small plates, but I do understand their challenges.  I appreciated that they still offered their happy hour drinks.  Service was attentive.
Pleasant jazz music in the background.  
I'm not into sweet martinis so they obliged by making it with less simple syrup.  Nice!
Too bad I didn't get an opportunity to try their food, but will keep them on my list if I'm back in town.The food was great! But the atmosphere was totally NOLA. We loved it! Give it a try, you won't be dissapointed. Ask for Cash, she's great!This was an incredibly disappointing experience. I wanted to try it because it was new and saw such positive reviews about it. Basically, what started off as a so-so experience devolved into an immensely negative experience, and I can say with certainty that I will not be back. 
For starters, we were there for Happy Hour. Their website boasts "great specials", and we wanted to get drinks/small bite since we had something late in the evening that would interfere with normal dinner time. When we were seated, I asked about the happy hour specials. The server seemed almost annoyed at my asking. This server, Ellen, seemed like she didn't really want to be there for most of the evening. We kind of had to ask a couple times what exactly the happy hour specials were before we realized that the "specials" were four $12 cocktails and one food dish. 
Anyway, we ordered a sazerac, a negroni and some blueberry martini. The sazerac and negroni were part of the specials. For food, we got a wedge salad, Caesar salad and some blueberry and walnut salad. Two were mediocre, but the wedge was not a wedge at all. It was covered in pickled onions that were covered in balsamic vinegar that made it incredibly too sweet to be a wedge. Also ordered was a crab meat fondue, which was pretty bland and tasted more like Velveeta than anything, and mussel fries, which consisted of some off-tasting muscles and a handful of shaved potato pieces. The happy hour dish was a red fish slider that was actually very tasty. It came out first and was responsible for the initial false positive impression. The fish and sauce were great but the bread was cold and should've been toasted at the very least. 
On return trip from the ladies room, I politely and discretely informed a hostess that the women's room was out of toilet paper. She never looked up from her stand the entire time I was speaking until I awkwardly paused at the end of my sentence because I wasn't sure she even heard me. But yes, she heard me and let me know with a quick "ok thanks." She made me feel a little stupid for mentioning it. 
When the check came, my party split it three ways. Two of us agreed to be responsible for the tip. So, my companion who was not to include tip in her bill  left her signed receipt on the table (myself and the third person had signed our receipts-tip included- and tucked them into the bill holder). The server walks by and, mid-sentence, stops and says "um there's no gratuity on that." Are you kidding me? I was so intensely uncomfortable as I explained that the two of us were taking care of her (for the record, unjustly generous) tip. 
That said, I would discourage anyone who has high expectations for a dining experience from going. The one bright spot was a great Sazerac and the live music. Still, we can get that other places. I will not be back.Excellent food and good service
Opted for the Steak Frittes... Glad I did.  Very flavorful.  Wife enjoyed the lamb chops but the sides (spinach and mashed potatoes) were a little bland.  Used a Groupon and it was really a killer deal!  Live entertainment from Erica Falls topped it off.  Do this!This place is amazing!!  Starting with Josh and Kat our servers and bartenders. The drinks were incredible. You have got to try the Pimms cup. And then there was food. Moe was the chef. The sea food gumbo, red beans and rice, shrimp and grits and pork were all best. Moe really out did himself.  And his homemade bread pudding was the best my family has ever had. This place is a hidden gem in the French quarter. And live music the entire time. I highly recommend this place.Place was cute, bartender was a nice Ukrainian girl, although I'm not sure her name.  We had some great Martini's and good appetizers at the bar and some live JAZZ music which made me really happy!This is truly my favorite place we have been to while in New Orleans. Staff is super friendly and really makes you feel as if you are family. You couldn't meet nicer people than Cat and Josh. Food is terrific as well. Grits and alligator bites were a huge hit with the table and the truffle fries are a fun table snack as well. 
Highly recommend visiting here when you are in town!Crappy service. Bartender was rude. Would not recommend. Better customer service at other nearby establishments.Went here last night for a drink!  Great place on a Saturday night.  Glen David Andrew puts on a fantastic show.  The drinks were wonderful and the service was better.  We didn't eat this time, but will make it a must do next time!Great martinis, service and food...but most of all an amazing atmosphere and AMAZING live music!  This is the perfect place to get away from the crazy club/bar atmospheres. The live music brings you back to the 40s and 50s caberet. Beautiful! Recommend to all!I was so looking forward to eating here. From the get go it was evident that of the four managers on site not one of them had a clue as to how to run a restaurant.  We came from out of town made reservations at least 3 weeks prior. I even received a confirmation call two days prior. Surprise they cannot find our reservation. After searching for a bit. They said it will be 15 minutes. After they offered to buy us a round the other manager said they would not be doing that and it ended up being 45 minutes. The music and my company was great so the time went by fast but I was getting hungry. After getting the waiter's attention we finally was able to order. We waited another 30 minutes after we ordered soup salad another 25 minutes lapsed and I couldn't take it we had to leave. I think I left one other restaurant in my life. I was so utterly disappointed with every aspect of my experience. The band was actually the best part and I hope they find a new home soon.We're here right now, and kicking ourselves for not having discovered this place a few days ago. Incredible musician (Jaime Lynn Vessels - thinking that's a stage name) is playing, terrific dirty martinis ($3 during happy hour!) and crazy tasty food.
We had the shrimp appetizer - which is a healthy portion of cheese grits and huge shrimp - and the gator appetizer (the gator is fantastic, the sauce tastes like thousand island, rather than a traditional remoulade sauce). 
The interior is a mix of classic New Orleans (brass lights, aged bar, dark tones) and a modern speak easy (leather couches, velvet-curtain private dining areas). The bar staff is quick to serve and friendly, a perfect combination of attentiveness without hovering. We'll definitely be back.Do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs. Never met ruder bartenders in my life. If my hotel wasn't connected I would have never visited. Avoid at all possible costs. Rude....and the one bartender ripped up a dollar bill screaming he hates America. That was the icing on the poop sundae of this place.Excellent drinks and awesome bartenders.  Josh and Brianna were so engaging and entertaining my friend and I stayed at this place the whole night.  We actually even let them make us whatever they felt like, that's how good they were.
The atmosphere is nice and laid back.  The bar has a different menu then the restaurant, but definitely recommend the Louisiana Crawfish, Bacon and Jalapeno Mac-n-Cheese with Fried Gulf Oysters and the Calamari.
The live entertainment (Glenn David Andrews) and the bartenders made for a fantastic experience.  Definitely recommend this place.Stopped at bar after enjoying an afternoon touring NO. Josh was great even when customer went behind bar and pushed him out of way. She and another lady was make ng his job difficult. He kept a smile and was pleasant with everyone. On of the best customer service experience s I had while in NO.Great happy hour martinis in a classical piano bar with comfortable leather seats,  friendly staff,  located in the heart of New Orleans.It appears the establishment doesn't have customer service as their motto 
The lack of concern regarding customers remain disturbingOne of the best places in the quarter. Not the usual shots and drunk crawl. The bar staff:  Macnzee  and Josh rock !! They are cocktail superstars !! If you want a finely  crafted cocktail that sings to your soul , this is the place for you!!!Just went in here 15 minutes ago. It's off the main area but it seemed like a good place to chill for a few and watch some live jazz. The bartender Joshua wanted to see my wife's ID. Sure no problem. She walks over as I watch our table and shows it to him saying, "he said you needed to see my ID" and she shows it to him. I walk back over and he is very short with me and asks what was it wanted again, "sorry she was very rude". I was watching and she didn't do anything. This is just a bar tender who has no business being in the service industry. 
We decided to leave obviously. There are literally thousand of places we can choose to go to in this town. If you're the owner or manager and are reading this... I would recommend you fire this guy. There's a reason your place is dead and only has an older crowd in it.Good food with not so good service. While it should be noted that it was a holiday and they were pretty busy, the operations were very much out of whack and employee moral seemed low. The hostess appeared new to the business and unsure about how the phone worked when we called to confirm the reservation. Her lack of experience became more apparent when she struggled to check us in and find us a table. The manager while slightly overwhelmed did take time to find our server when know one else could. And the staff was nice enough to try and serve us our neighboring tables appetizers and then again their main dishes. Then shrimp and grits were really good, though.We were here on Christmas Eve for the Reveillon  dinner.  We got in on time and the live music was great.  The food was decent but not the best i have had in NOLA.  Our server was super spacey and there was a lot of delay on getting food and refills on drinks.  But we were not in a huge rush and she was sweet.  But overall i would probably choose another place for a nice dinner next time.Martini happy hour is amazing! Josh and Matt are awesome! Definitely check them out. Came for my girl's bachelorette and everyone showed us a good time.We came.  We saw.  We drank.  Martini's.  Several of them in fact on several different nights.  
This ended up being our "go to" spot each night as the entertainment was good (that woman can sing) and our server remembered us from night to night.
They have a huge list of martinis or they can make you pretty much anything and call it a martini (my kind of place!)
The only down side is that the bathrooms are quite a journey to get to as they are located in the hotel that is attached to this bar.  Drop bread crumbs.  You're going to need them to find your way back . . .especially if you've been sampling their martini specials!Great place for food and drinks. We came as a second option because the wait was too long at the other place. This place could easily be a first option. There was no wait here and the bartenders were great, in particular Joshua. We had him pick drinks for us, and they were phenomenal. Very talented at his craft. We each ordered three more rounds. The food was also tasty. If we're ever back in Nola we'll def hit this place back up, and suggest you do the same.Live music and amazing bartenders, that's a combination that can't be beat.  This has to be one of the best bars in a hotel I've ever been in. These guys know how to do it right.Sir Hubs-A-Lot and I actually stumbled upon this place when we were walking around and I am so glad we did!
Fiske's has a great atmosphere and the bartenders are really helpful!  What I even noticed is that if you get a dirty martini, they give you the olive brine on the side so that you can make is as tame or dirty as you want!  Great idea because I hate when you get your dirty martini and it's all brine and no vodka!  I ordered the sweet heat margarita and it as sooo tasty!  Hubby tends to get the girly drinks (if you look at my pix, it's easy to see which are his! LOL)
We meet some interesting people here, too, so all-in-all, a great time!!What this place it about is martinis and live music. If you like both I think you will enjoy. If not there are plenty of other options. Cant speak to the food as we didnt have any. Service for us was excellent but we were also there with a local who is a regular. Martinis are amazing and they have over 100 options.Great music the bar service was a little slow and the food service was very slow.  I would go back for the drinks and music.Amazing music, honest and friendly staff, and convenient location. Best martini in the city. Know what you want or prepare for an education!Stopped in for the Jazz, a glass of wine, and a quick bite. Wasn't disappointed on any account; great music, seated in an alcove where the volume and privacy were just right. Ordered a glass of Lohr Chardonnay, house salad, and the chargrilled oysters. Everything was great. Oysters not quite as good as Acme, but a close second! Relaxing  atmosphere was awesome. Will be back for evening chill time!
Postscript - ordered the bread pudding for dessert and am in heaven. Will be back for this tidbit if for no other reason. Was told it was an old family recipe; tastes like it, hard to replicate!Beer prices were fair mixed drinks a bit pricey. Smooth jazz player but RUDE male bartender. He was literally pushy. He pushed a customer out of his was with out a "excuse me" He seemed to be inconvenienced when asked what was in a drink. While the environment is nice the bartender ruins the experience . I would not recommend this place to any party of more than 2. Very disappointing.Daves a di*k....very rude, he was yelling at the poor bartender because weasked her to take a shot with usJosh, Delaney and Shari were amazing.  The drinks were great.  Josh made a drink my wife named the Jennings Coonass Cocktail. I would recommend this place.  We will be back.The music and drinks are good. Great happy hour. Shrimp and grits are great. Breakfast buffet is a nice spread. Caesar salad...drowned in dressing..I sent it back with no problem. The second salad was good until I had a bite with a 5 inch long gray hair. Sent it back without a problem. Truffle fries too salty. Food was very slow coming out of the kitchen. One person had their entree and finished eating before anyone else's food came out. Our waitress and busser were great though! All I can say is its touch and go. You are NOLA...eat somewhere else unless you are just hanging by the pool. Oh and the bartender is not hospitable. He is actually abrasive and condescending. I ordered a dry vodka gimlet and he let me know that the "dry" only applied to gin. I've had many and have never had an issue ordering a dry vodka gimlet! For future reference on a dry vodka gimlet, http://www.stephensawyer.com/the-dry-vodka-gimlet/The service was amazing- my parents are hard of hearing and the hostess went completely out of her way to get us a quiet table. The staff was friendly and professional.
Get the cheese plate- it's a wower! My husband ordered the Irish coffee, which was delicious. 
The live music was entertaining- a man played piano and sang. Very relaxing, sophisticated environment. Would definitely return!RF's was a wonderful surprise.  Who would have expected a craft cocktail / martini bar in a Holiday Inn?! I know that we are talking NOLA, but I never expected anything like this.  Wonderful live music, great happy hour and FABULOUS Artisans behind the bar.  Josh, Kat and the others behind the bar take basic and fancy drinks to a whole new stratosphere and their garnishes are fruity works of art.  I highly recommend you stop in and enjoy the relaxed atmosphere, great music and some of the most personable and talented bartenders I've met in NOLA (or anywhere else).Great restaurant very romantic setting music was outstanding .ask for Alex  he is a amazing waiter . the service was tremendous  fast and efficient . great for dates or for a game day this place has it allEnjoyed one of the best Old Fashions I've ever had, so I had two. Didn't eat much but the food was good. The owner greeted us and seated us swiftly and genuinely even though we didn't have a reservation and it was getting busy. Our server was not able to match the owner's enthusiasm. She let our drinks run dry and wasn't able to deliver the dessert we ordered (I think she forgot the place the order) so after 20 minutes we asked for the check. Seems like a terrific place for happy hour, live music, and after caps.Worst place I have ever eaten. The baked potato tasted like it was a week old. The Filet was stringy  and had no flavor. The iced tea was really bad and to top it off there was a long blonde hair on my wife's plate. They comped her plate and the server was nice that is the only reason for one star.We had the male bartender that some of the other reviewers complain of last Friday night. We thought he was hilarious and great at his job, he took GOOD care of us!
The thing about service in the touristy areas of NOLA is that if you take good care of someone, they will take damn good care of you. All you have to do is relax a little! 
We had a great time here and would definitely go back!The service was awful. The bar was mostly empty on a Monday night (8 customers). Two bartenders who couldn't be bothered to wait on customers and were rude. Too bad because we are staying at the attached hotel for a week. The hotel is great but I won't waste any money on the bar or restaurant. Good thing there are so many other great places who treat their customers right.Had the pleasure of dranking here during my stay in NOLA! They have an awesome happy hour with $3 Martinis and LIVE music #winwin. Our waitress, Mac was a pleasure! She was so accommodating, making sure we had everything we needed as well as serving the entire bar area with minimal assistance. She did so with ease and had a great spirit! Totally recommend coming here!Best new off the beaten luxury place for cheap happy hour - goes til 7pm.  Amazing 5 star food you'll be buzzed enough to splurge on the cost after enjoying their awesome $3 martini's - flavored ones too - at happy hour.  Bar is old world southern man.  Green walls, wood, class, an elegantly relaxed happy hour. High quality food worth the $ splurge.I wanted to like this restaurant.  The wife worked so hard to find a location for my 13 person birthday dinner on a Sunday night during carnival season and RF's were very (the only) accommodating.  When we got in around 8pm, there was an absence of ambiance.  The few clientele here trended toward older, empty-nester types, but hey... I could forego the sexy scene in lieu of a classy fine dining experience coupled with an elaborate Tour de Martini.
In their defense, our server indicated that they were short-staffed and perhaps were missing a manager that night.  Will the ship sail on, we wondered, without a captain?  Well, if the round of Martini's we ordered were flooding the ship then they were certainly poised to drown.  40 minutes later MOST of our drinks made it to our table.
The menu, which mainly consists of small plates of traditional fare, were definitely small plates.  We were fortunate in this case, as everyone's meal were cold and uninspired.  Stale po-boys, cold, thin gumbo, and the rawest chargrilled oysters I saw on my trip.  My first meal during my trip in NOLA was the best, while this last one was unfortunately the worst.  I can not recommend this restaurant outside of trying their Martini happy hour because any other time might be as dismal as mine.I stayed at the hotel and happen to stumble into the bar when i heard the music coming from it. Most people wont want to stay in their hotels bar snd drink but after meeting the staff their i regret not doing it sooner. Let me start off by saying the bartenders their are very knowledgeable of their craft. Josh was our main server and after talking to him i understand why some other reviewers felt he wasnt a typical bartender that kisses your ass for tips and makes you a shitty drink. Josh takes his bartending seriously as i noticed since he was training a new girl from alabama lol. But this is a good thing because he made literally some of the best drinks ive ever had. Way better than all the tourist bullshit on bourbon street hands down. So when you need a drink and want  a good enviroment go here and tip well.Im sorry, but our experience here was a big FAIL.  We got reservations during jazzfest, and I was hoping for a restaurant with excellent food and service, but in this case, the food was way overpriced and the service was horrible.  The host was rude (and they werent busy), and the server was bizarre, instructing us to sit at our seats while we waited for the rest of our party instead of listening to the charming pianist in the bar.  His personality was cold and strange.  In a town where food is everywhere, I will not be back to this one.  If you like martinis, go to the bar--skip the dining.I had my 2015 thanksgiving feast there, the service was excellent and so was the taste of the food. They forgot my cranberry sauce but the yams were plenty sweet. Gentle Live music and the most fantastic creme brûlée!!!! Must try