This place was located right in our neighborhood on our stay in NOLA and we kept putting it off because we wanted to get down to the french quarter each day.  What a mistake!  When we finally sat down to eat here on one of our last days in town we realized we could have been happy scarfing there every morning!
The omelets were tasty, I loved the hash browns (the grits not so much, but thats the northerner in me perhaps!) and the lite menu (egg whites, turkey bacon.. it was a platter but I can't remember the name) was a hit with our family who were on a diet for the trip.  
The only 'complaint' that came from any of our table of four was in the 4.95 fruit bowl.  The variety of the fruit and the quality to some degree was a little less than what they'd expected for the price but overall everyone was extremely pleased.I just went in for breakfast at what was previously one of my favorite neighborhood establishments. I sat at the counter and was ignored. When I finally did get service after asking for coffee twice my order was submitted incorrectly my food was wrong I had to ask twice to have it corrected and what I got my bill it was twice as much as normal simply because I substituted tomatoes for all starches I won't be backBest pancakes I've had in a while!  Good crispy bacon, hot hash brown potatoes.  Only negative with the food was the sausage.  Not great.  Good friendly service and received our food quickly.  We got there at 8:00 and had no trouble getting seated but it was filling up quickly when we left.This Uptown neighborhood breakfast place was a pleasant surprise. We drove by several mornings on our way to the streetcar bit stopped in on a more quiet morning. This place has street parking which could be a bit tight on busy mornings. No frills but a solid breakfast place. The restaurant is in a small house and decorated with art from local artists. 
The menu has everything from hearty 3 - egg omelets,  decadent eggs benedict, and sandwiches for lunch. The menu also has healthier choices including a dedicated section. 
I had the Sausalito omelet which was chock full of spinach,  garlicky mushrooms, and artichoke hearts. The girlfriend had the California omelet which she said was very good. The other two in our party were a bit more responsible and had the egg white plates and split a fruit bowl. They both said the breakfast was very hearty even if healthy. The only complaint was that the fruit bowl was pretty small for being $4.95. 
This place is great for a lazy morning in New Orleans, and an easy few block walk from the St. Charles Streetcar Line.This is a bright and happy spot for breakfast.  It is informal but nice. It is also favorably priced and not far off Carrollton. 
It was super-busy on a Saturday morning when my aunt and uncle took me for breakfast there but the food still came quickly and the service was good. I even got refills. I am a basic kind of girl, so I had eggs, toast, grits, and bacon. These were delicious. I'll be back next time I'm looking for breakfast in the city. 
/I am quite a fan of eating breakfast outSkip this place and go to any location of The Ruby Slipper.  I've been coming here for years and it is definitely not as good as it used to be.
 I'm not sure if someone has left the kitchen but the last 2 times I've been the food has been cold and tasteless.  This restaurant basically serves diner food so my expectation is that they could provide a decent plate of toast and eggs.  Not so today.  The bacon was cold and greasy, grits were over salted and cold and eggs were overcooked.  Since I've been going there for years I mentioned it (in a very nice way) that my breakfast was disappointing.  Little did I know that I was speaking to the manager who never even ANSWERED.  In fact she avoided looking at me and just walked off.  One of the servers recognized me and asked why I didn't eat my breakfast.  When I told her she said she would get the manager and get it fixed and when I realized who the manager was I told her to not bother.
The manager obviously doesn't know how to handle a problem and couldn't recognize a regular customer if you held a sign in front of yourself  for her to see.Best iced coffee...  I always get the Eggs Sardu with fruit.  And yes the fruit option could use a bit more uumph... But I love the spinach&artichoke mix and the hollindaise is better than some around for the price.  My youngest loves the pancakes...  I live in the neighborhood so we usually beat the rush on weekends.  During rush times the server's do tend to be harried, but I've never had an absolute horrible experience as far as that goes.  We make it a point to Not be in a hurry when going here.  The "UnSystem" they have for seating is a bit taxing.  It wouldn't take much to have a wait list at those times.  They are not counter service after all.   If there are people waiting outside, we go elsewhere.A good, affordable, neighborhood restaurant with a light, friendly feel.  I visited on a late Sunday morning, so there was a little wait for tables.  We chose to sit at the bar.  My friend & I both got the Pollo Rancheros, which is a delicious mish-mash of stuff on legit corn tortillas.  Unfortunately, since the tortillas were at the bottom, they soaked up the moisture & got completely soggy, making then completely inedible.  However, the rest of the dish was scrumptious.  The service was a bit slow (for example, we had to find our server several times, including when we were trying to pay the check), but they were very engaging & sweet as pie to us the entire time we were there.
The decorations in this restaurant were precious, too.
Thanks for a good dining experience, Riccobono's!I love this place. A perfect breakfast joint. Go for a Benedict, you will have no regrets. If we were in NYC there would be a line around the block every weekend and tables on top of tables. The food is fantastic, the staff is friendly, and if I write anything more I'll be redundant. Get the ice coffee!I had the red beans and rice with sausage. It was just barely adequate and would not be acceptable if someone in my family served it. The flavor was simply bland and the sausage was not good quality (somewhat gelatinous, not smokey, and certainly not spicy like a good andouille). I don't always make red beans with andouille but I do always use a good meaty sausage and brown it off well before cooking it with the beans. They put the sausage on the side.
The biscuit was not good either, but who eats red beans with a biscuit? The rice is the starch. Better to have a side of green beans or collard greens. 
Maybe they have other good dishes, but the red beans isn't one of them.LOOVE this place!! Food is excellent &huge portions. Atmosphere is quirky yet clean. Staff was very friendly. I recommend this place for brunch to all my friends and family visiting NOLA.Very good breakfast!  We had the waffle, omelets, bacon and toast.  Also I want to add that the homemade biscuits were very good as well.  I am particular about the waffles and theirs was excellent.  We all cleaned or plates!In New Orleans, brunch is not hard to come by. I mean, even a good brunch is not hard to come by. Therefore, Panola St. Cafe, my friends, truly deserves the 2 star rating. 
I'm all about that hole-in-the-wall, Southern, easy breakfast that Riccobono's encompasses but for what it's worth, there's not much competition here. Don't get me wrong: this establishment would do perfectly well in any area, and from what I saw, they are doing just fine, if not better. However, their food was the bare minimum and service was not all that enthralling. 
My eggs sardou: the dressing was cold, the eggs were overcooked and the English muffin was soggy (and definitely not from any bakery in the area). 
The grits: your typical Southern style with a little butter- nothing fancy... at all. (Thankfully, I opted for the grits, though, because the "hash browns" were mashed potatoes!)
My roommate's buckwheat pancakes with bananas & pecans: After the server fixed it to what she originally ordered, they were a good size and well-made. We were very impressed that buckwheat was an option because no other place we've seen in NOLA offers anything other than buttermilk! I enjoyed these much more than my own breakfast! 
In the end, if you find yourself stumbling in here for brunch one weekend, enjoy a typical breakfast but don't expect anything too exquisite.Great food.. simple favorites as well as more special dishes.. Great service..My hubby and I both got sick shortly after eating brunch here. Won't go back. Food tastes good but the side effects were terrible.The Eggs Sardou was absolutely amazing! Came in with a group and was seated immediately with the sweetest server. We ordered brunch drinks and several entrees and were extremely happy with the taste of everything! The prices are great, atmosphere is so charming, and the area is in such a cute little area of town. Will definitely be back.Worth a wait! We had an amazing New Years Day brunch on our first visit to this art filled cafe. Tasty omelettes and savory sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong.  Bring your own champagne, they don't serve alcohol. Best waitress during our week long visit to New Orleans. We'll go out of our way for another visit next time!Great local restaurant.  Food hits the spot and restaurant has an excellent low-key atmosphere.Relaxed farmhouse decor.  Omelette was a good size, hot & tasty.  Staff was attentive and friendly.  Excellent choice for family & friends.I was craving Eggs Benedict and had no idea where to go for that in New Orleans. Found this on Yelp and glad I did because their Eggs Benedict is fabulous!!!The food was delish and both times I've been here the service was excellent. I'll be back again soon to try the liver & grits ^_^My husband and I had a delicious breakfast at Panola's - the omelets are well prepared and come with grits and a biscuit/ toast. The crayfish ettouffe omelet was very good and the grits a good accompaniment. I'm not sure which was better. And the biscuit is one of the best in the city. Hot coffee regularly filled up made our breakfast a perfect meal. Kudos to our very nice server, Danielle.Delicious crab cake benedict. The grits were amazing too. I would come again and recommend this place to anyone. Art for sale on he wall, christmas music playing in the background, plenty of seating for both large and small parties. Really good service. All around a good find.First off, the only issue for which my review is only a 4-star is that the pork chops were 'chewey'. Ok, enough with the cons - let's focus on the pros. 
I enjoyed that they had the option of both breakfast and lunch - providing more options for everyone who is uncertain about which plates are appropriate to eat around 11 o'clock. I also enjoyed the atmosphere - from the classic rock music in the background to the design, it gave a pleasurable home-esque vibe. I was impressed that our server was very prompt in delivering our food and drinks at a timely manner despite the cafe being very busy. 
This cafe located in a quaint neighborhood was a perfect spot to end my trip to New Orleans.This is a cool neighborhood cafe that gets really busy for brunch and lunch.  The breakfast items look to be the star of the show but as someone that isn't really a fan of breakfast food I got the burger.  Since the same folks that own this place also own Cafe Navarre, where they have a really good burger, I had high expectations for the burger here.  Sadly the burger I got here could have come from a fast food joint.  It wasn't a bad burger but it was a thin piece of meat and small for the price while it did have a fantastic wheat bun.  If the best thing about a burger is the bun then that burger needs some work!  The breakfast creations looked fantastic and did tempt even my breakfast food hating palate so sticking to the breakfast section here is your best bet.Sunday morning breakfast. Busy spot, and the tables were super close to each other (my only complaint). I got a Bellini and my husband proceeded to not only knock it over but also break the glass. The people around were helpful and when a bus person came by he immediately helped and was kind about it. The food was good. My daughter had both a pancake and biscuit with her eggs and enjoyed both. My husband had the two two plate and enjoyed it very much. I had the California Benedict and it was good, but those potatoes with it stole the show. I'm a sucker for good breakfast potatoes and these were good. Good size chunks that were crispy, not over or under cooked, and seasoned well. Also, I was delivered another Bellini without even asking! I felt badly for not only spilling but breaking the glass so I planned to just fly under the radar and not ask for another - but they gave me one and it was quite tasty!Meh...not bad but I have had MUCH better, they're do decent food but they lack imagination and that IT factor, that I have come to expect from New Orleans dining establishments, it is just a hoe hum breakfast spot that gets the job done but doesn't really move the meter in any way, if it wasn't so close to my house I would never go.
The neighborhood is fantastic and all the servers are all super nice, I just wish the actually had something on the menu that is unique or made me say wow, but my guess is that they are have been doing it the same way for years so they feel no need to change, but once again I can't help but think they can be a lot more ambitious and creative with the menu, but then again I am admittedly a food snob so perhaps I am asking for a bit much.
Lastly they really need to pay more attention to dusting the bar area, as I am surveying the place I am seeing a substantial amount of dust and cobwebs, and if I can see it that clearly that is telling me that it is weeks if not months worth of accumulation which is honestly unacceptable, when running a resterant attentions to the small details means everything, they should have more pride than that in my opinion, if your food isn't over the topic delicious and mind blowing your place better at LEAST be tidy at all times!I took an old girlfriend here the day after Halloween '14 for a bit of nostalgia being that it used to be "our" place for Saturday morning breakfasts 15 years before (even when it was Bluebird).. and it was as good we remembered!! Great staff, and courteous waitresses make the food extra special for this family owned Ma&Pa staple in uptown NOLA...thanks and keep it up!!This place has delicious breakfast for great prices. Came here for the first time when my mom was in town for the week and she came back two more times while I was running errands. She still asks about this place. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is all around pleasant.One of my few "regular" places for brunch.  Their omelets are always delicious, whether stuffed with crawfish or or a more traditional sausage and veggie.  I will admit their pecan waffles are a weakness for me.  As someone who prefers savory breakfasts it says a lot that I pretty much always talk whoever I'm with into splitting pecan waffles for dessert.  Still a great local place for a solid breakfast-- no gimmicks, no crazy recipes, just a solid breakfast.Love this place, wonderful little neighborhood joint with yummy food, chill atmosphere and friendly service!Excellent food and service! Menu features breakfast staples as well as some interesting feature items. Wonderful, eclectic atmosphere. Two blocks from my son's new apartment. I'll definitely be back!I love going here on the weekends.  It's only a couple of blocks from my house so I have been known to walk there with my husband once or twice or more times than that.  It does draw a crowd on the weekend and at times there is a line out the door but it moves fast and you won't have to wait long.  It's a first come first serve for seating so if you see it then take it! 
The iced coffee is surprisingly good, the omelets are big, and the staff is friendly.  If you're looking for an exotic breakfast then this isn't the place, but if you want a breakfast and you don't feel like cooking then this is your place!  yummy!This place is the best !!! Eat here at least once a week, sometimes more. Celeste and her crew really make you feel welcome.I came here on a Sunday around 1150, waited 20 minutes and two tables behind me were seated right close to us. The tables who were seated after us received their food and ate before we even saw our first course. It took 50 minutes for our food to arrive an it was nearing 2 pm. The food was decent but the service was terrible. How hard is it to serve tables in order? All we got was easy, typical breakfast food and a salad.Great neighborhood breakfast spot. Helpful and friendly staff. Counter and seating. I enjoyed breakfast at the counter - coffee, sunnyside up eggs, the most amazing potatoes, seriously. and they weren't heavy (you know how sometimes those darn breakfast potatoes can sit in your stomach for an entire day....not these), and a flaky biscuit --- 6 bucks. Yes it's true. I am definitely a fan and would come back!Fabulous breakfast in this hidden Uptown gem. Generous delicious portions, great atmosphere and great attentive service made this the best breakfast I've had in 25 years of visiting NOLA!long line moved fast, street parking, amazing service and awesome delicious food. go here.Friendly service, delicious food, and great neighborhood location. 
I've been going to Panola St. Cafe for years now after being introduced to the restaurant by a friend who lives nearby. It is my go-to spot for a simple and inexpensive breakfast on weekdays and weekends alike. 
Dining there is like having breakfast in your own kitchen, which is so nice when you're not interested in a fussy brunch that will break the bank. Take your newspaper and wear your pajamas- you'll be greeted with a smile and a cup of coffee as soon as you walk in the door. 
As strange as it sounds, the hamburger is one of my favorite menu items. Nothing cures an early-morning hangover like some red meat and french fries!The staff is so friendly and they work together like a well-oiled machine.  They are what makes this place work....in addition to the crabcake eggs benedict, the waffles, and the freshly squeezed OJ.
Yeah, there's usually a line and the parking can be tricky.  But I still go!Whenever we're in the neighborhood we stop in. Great breakfast and lunch spot. You can't go wrong there. I recommend the hue is rancherosThis place is just ok. The staff aren't overly friendly and the food is just mediocre. I live right down the street so it is convenient to grab an egg sandwich, but it's nothing that I couldn't make myself at home. The potatoes aren't seasoned enough and the bacon is kind of floppy. I guess you get what you pay for.Great food for a hole in the wall place. The  atmosphere makes you feel at home. The paintings on the wall (for sale) give the restaurant an interesting view. The hash browns are delicious!!!This is a really cool neat place with a authentic neighborhood New Orleans vibe. The food is great!Great neighborhood gem tucked away in Carrolton. Great brunch menu. Excellent coffee and helpful, accommodating, unobtrusive service. I like that it is off the beaten path and then Weekend mornings come along and Saturday is for the hungover students and Sunday for the post church-goers. Love the casual atmosphere. Keep up the good work!The first time we came here I was utterly impressed but I feel like everytime we've come back we've just been underwhelmed. My pancakes always come out tough or rubbery, the bacon is cold and tough as well as the potatoes not always being cooked properly. It's never really been enough to complain to the staff but I'm just a little more disappointed every time we oh back. I feel like the slower they are, the less effort they out into the food. Service is always pretty good but I don't know how many more chances we will give them. It's sad bc they are so close to the house!Pretty average. Super busy but it was a Saturday. Took awhile to be greeted at the door. Not offered coffee refills, food came warm but we watched it sit in the window for a bit.Great food. Consistent quality. Fast service. One of my favorite little breakfast places.It was at Riccobono..; where I had grits for the very 1st time!  This restaurant reminded me a lot like a downtown cafe in Martinez, CA.; except it was in New Orleans with your traditional southern specialties, such as crawfish & grits.  Their price is decent, you get a good serving amount, and the food was extremely flavorful!  The restaurant had a very homey atmosphere, as the workers were personally friendly to their customers and the locals were very sociable too.  If I lived in New Orleans.., I would dine at this establishment frequently; as it's a great place to have breakfast, brunch or lunch; while socializing with your friends, the locals or even with their workers.My husband and I both had delicious breakfast here: a healthy egg whites and grilled turkey with avocado plate for me and huevos rancheros for him. Quick service and friendly staff. Highly recommend if you're in this neighborhood.Food was good. We had breakfast. Like the pancakes and waffles. I recommend getting them without the add-ons (strawberries or banana nut).  They are ok but not worth the up-charge.  The restaurant is in a cute spot in the middle of the neighborhood and very artsy decor (most of it is for sale on the wall).I got my go-to eggs benedict. Hubby got pancakes and bacon.  The servers were really busy and it took a bit of extra effort to flag them down a few times.  All in all a decent meal, but it didn't knock my socks off.I got the eggs benedict and it was good but found myself stealing my girlfriends pollo rancheros. Very good choice with full plate of flavor. Beware: the iced coffee is about as strong as jet fuel, so make sure you are ready for that. We didn't wait long for a table, despite it being Labor Day at 10am.I love the 1,2,3 and the 2,2,3 plates.  In general I don't eat a lot, but I can finish these plates - which might mean someone who a lot might want to purchase more food.  The silver dollar pancakes are so cute and so perfect and so delicious!  The wait weekend mornings is often out the door, but they seat people as quickly as they can and there is often room at the breakfast bar (no alcohol here!).
I've seen people here with kids - they don't seem to have any problems here.  I wouldn't recommend this place for groups unless it's during a weekday, non-holiday because the wait would be phenomenal.  The tables here seat 4.Riccobonos Panola St Cafe
Bright, locals daytime cafe known for its hearty breakfasts.
Address: 7801 Panola St, New Orleans, LA 70118
Phone:(504) 314-1810
Hours: 7 days/wk 7AM-2PM
panolastreetcafe.com
We had a late breakfast here and throughly enjoyed the locals scene and delicious breakfast selections. They have a nice selection of favorite breakfasts but only a couple of sandwiches. 
Great omlettes and waffles!Waking up on Saturday's or Sunday's, I'm always craving a bangin' brunch and Panola is usually the first thing that comes to mind. I love it here. The atmosphere is so chill and inviting. It can hold a lot more people that it looks like from the outside, so I've never had a crazy hard time finding a table.
Their breakfast/brunches are awesome, but I've recently discovered the chicken sandwich which is definitely my new fave. I was in the mood for a poboy so bad one morning, and that was the closest thing on the menu to it. BY FAR more delicious than I could have imagined. My new go-to when I'm at Panola. (Order dressed, with bacon and cheddar cheese...ohhhhh lawd.)
And not to mention the Iced Coffee. Perfect. Order it.I wasn't particularly impressed with my grilled chicken sandwich, but the crawfish saute omelet my friend got was pretty delicious.  Service was slow and not accurate, unfortunately.  Our server had to come back and ask us twice to confirm our order after taking it the first time.  On top of that, one of the dishes still came out wrong.Sorry for the one star. I was hopeful, truly I was.  But when I ordered Huevos Rancheros made with beans heated from a can, gobs of cheddar and sour cream to cover up the stale tortillas and pace picante sauce layered in...Well sorry folks, dats some bullshit. My mom got liver and grits (Blech!) and was pleased. But hubby's hash looked like vomit (another indication of can usage). Neither of us have ever had the urge to go back up in deya.  I pay for food I either can't cook, or food I don't feel like cooking. Riccobono Panola provided neither.Cute local spot for breakfast and lunch. The walls are lined with artwork from local artists and are available for sale at affordable prices. The severs are all super friendly and do a nice job getting ya watchu want. The food however was mehh.. And the portions are a little skimpy. Nothing on the menu is really creative or interesting more just your basic breakfast, salads and burgers. Good spot if your in the area but nothing you need to make a trip for.Panola's secret
Short-order chefs put the 'Ohs'
In Riccobono's
#Haiku #NOLA_Haiku
#Riccobonos #NOLAbrunch #NOLA
#NOLA_EatsI love this place. It built like a house. I always get the crawfish omelet with grits and bacon and toast. there orange juice is fresh squeezed so if you can't handle the pulp don't order it. It may take a while to be seated but it is well worth the wait.Terrific neighborhood Breakfast Spot! Food is always good, Ambience is great! The waffles tend to take a little longer to make!Excellent food, great staff! The crawfish omelet was to die for! Casual dining. Will visit again!For this Thanksgiving holiday, my girlfriend took a trip to Austin with her friend.  Not to be outdone, I, too, decided to embark on an adventure.  With a few shekels in my pocket and my copy of Gulliver's Travels, I took off for a country called Fontainebleau in the exotic land of Uptown.  Eventually, I arrived at Riccobono's Panola St. Cafe hungry and weary.  I ambled into the unassuming cafe, a stranger many meters from my familiar Marigny home, sat down and was promptly greeted by a friendly waitress who provided me with victuals in the form of an All-American three egg omelette, which consisted of chunked ham and American cheese, with a side of grits and a biscuit with a Coke to slake my traveler's thirst.  Emerging from the dark corners of my own psyche, I began to take notice of my surroundings.  The place was filling up with local types, many of whom resembled me in appearance, but most had two to three tiny humanoid creatures in tow.  I was startled and confused until I looked down at my book and realized that these must be the Lilliputians Swift had warned me about, though perhaps a different breed from that described in my tome.  Most seemed somewhat taller than six inches and appeared to suffer from some mental deficiency, their loud speech broken and impaired, their eyes wide and blank staring out from their smooth round faces.  In any case, they seemed to hold the normal people in the grips of an incomprehensible terror.  Those of average size spoke to the little creatures in syrupy dulcet tones and ordered food for them from something called a "kid's menu," clearly in fear of what would happen if they didn't keep these tiny humanoids pacified.  As a Marigny dweller, I recognized my ignorance of these Lilliputians and their customs, but they had obviously infested this country of Fontainebleau and enslaved the residents.  At this point, I thought it wise to keep my head down and focus on my breakfast.  
The omelette was OK, though a bit dry and light on the ham, the homemade biscuit was good, but not great.  However, the grits were on the money.  I was just beginning to relax a bit when, horror of horrors, Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'" began to play through the cafe's speakers.  While I hate to cast a wet blanket over your vague memories of drunken spring break singalongs with your frat brothers/sorority sisters in preparation for the annual gangbang ritual, I must confess, I have always passionately HATED that damn song.  Beginning to fear a Lilliputian revolt, I raised my gaze to take the pulse of the room while Steve Perry whined "Dooon't stop..." when suddenly, everything cut to black and silence for about five seconds when, seemingly from nowhere, the words "Associate Producer MICKIE REUSTER" illuminated the darkness.  Eventually, the room returned to normal.  With panic-stricken eyes, I surveyed the environment and breathed a sigh of relief upon finding the small ones unfazed.  Most of the regular sized people seemed confused and disconcerted, except for two acne-scarred TV critics who argued over the relative brilliance of such a denouement.  As an equally atrocious Rihanna song began to play over the sound system, I paid my tab - just under $12 plus tip - and beat a hasty retreat.  My breakfast was certainly serviceable, though I won't make a special trip there again anytime soon.  However, if you find yourself in this area, it's definitely not a bad place for you and your Lilliputian masters to snag a decent breakfast.  
Epilogue:  Just in case you were wondering, I made it home safely, back to the land of transgendered, purple-mohawked panhandlers in dirty brown raiment with mangy dogs, i.e., normality, and thanked whatever divine powers that may be in the universe that my land is familiar with the notion of contraception.Perfect breakfast in a cute neighborhood spot. I had the crawfish eggs benedict. This is by far, the best Benedict I have ever had. I had them substitute the English muffin for a fresh biscuit and added avocado. The cheese grits were the best I had on my entire trip. Just typing about it makes me want to go back right now. The service was fast and really friendly. For sure, a go-to restaurant.The pecan pancake stack was delicious. Nice restaurant for breakfast for a family. Excellent customer service, great food, and nice size portion at a good price. 
The home fries and California omelette are the best. Definitely coming back here next time we are in town.
Thank you for helping us start our day with great food.Really enjoy this place!! It's such an eclectic and cool kind of vibe. Food was pretty solid. I really loved the crab cake benedict! The seating is a little rough bc it is really close together and the parking is a pain, but definitely a great breakfast spot!The place is very nice and home-y. The decor is cute and cozy. I really want to like this place.
I ordered the Sausalito omelet, add bacon. It also came with a biscuit and some potatoes, which had probably been sitting under a light in the kitchen because they were barely warm and so was my biscuit. It all looked nice though, very generous portions. My omelet however was very wet, which I'm assuming was from the mushrooms being washed under water (they're supposed to be wiped down with a wet cloth, if washed under water they soak it all up and release it when they cook). They did not skimp on the spinach in my omelet which was nice, but I didn't even finish half because it was so watery. My coffee was $2 and also tasted like water. My date enjoyed his breakfast because how can you mess up eggs, bacon, ham and grits. 
Will come back eventually though, and try something  else. Maybe a lunch special, nothing with mushrooms and spinach.We took some out of town family members. The service and food were excellent. Great atmosphere! My family was so impressed they want to go back when they are in town againCute cafe with a large enough menu to please everyone. My husband and I ordered omelets and they were at our table in no time. Great service and great food!Delicious food, the service was okay- typical of a busy diner. Local art on the walls, pretty good atmosphere aside from being so loud. Over all we enjoyed our experience, the crawfish omelette was perfection and the huevos rancheros though under seasoned, was still pretty damn good (if the chef is reading this- we just recommend more salt  and maybe some garlic powder or cumin).This is a classic breakfast spot in a converted house in the middle of a neighborhood. I've gone here for probably 15 years. They serve classic, traditional, standard breakfast fare at a fair price. If you're a foodie snob who wants something trendy and chic, go somewhere else. Then again, if you eat tofu or kale for breakfast, why are you in New Orleans anyway?Seriously good iced coffee on a hot summer morning. I had the veggie omelet with the potatoes and it hit the spot. Friend had the crab cakes Benedict which I did not try, but there was not a crumb left on that plate. Also sampled the blueberry waffles-- quite satisfying when you're craving Belgian waffle goodness. Plus for 3 meals and three iced coffees, it was less than $40.  Great place to go on a Sunday morning for Brunch!+I went there two years ago and the brunch are very yummy, but today it seems the menu has changed and the taste cannot compare with that of before. Don't know why.This place is perfect for a brunch spot. They had a crawfish omelet was tasty and their orange juice is fresh squeezed! I would recommend this to anyone that likes to eat.This is a MUST do when you are in the New Orleans area.
The dishes are wonderful, regional, comfort foods! Wait staff are helpful and courteous. Prices are reasonable AND there is art work on the walls that you can purchase and take home with you. 
What more can you ask for?Great breakfast food! I got an omelette and it was awesome. Only bad thing was that I sat outside and was SWARMED by flies - but that's summertime in New Orleans for ya!My friend brought me here the other day for breakfast. Initially, we had gone to an Oak Street restaurant but left because the band was a little too loud for" our dining pleasure". Jon had eaten here,at Panola, the previous day & told me how good it was. I'm SO GLAD he brought me here ! The service was exceptionally good & fast, our server, Indigo (yep- that's her name ) was attentive, she had perfect timing in coming to our table & was truly delightful a person. And the food ?? The food was delicious. Jon ordered scrambled eggs& pancakes - I can't remember what else & I had scrambled eggs, potatoes& a biscuit. Eggs,cooked exactly the way I asked,potatoes were big hash brown cubes ( size DOES matter & their size was perfect for me ) & the biscuit was homemade & absolutely delicious. Panola Street Cafe is DEFINATELY worth a trip from wherever you live. Make sure you ask for Indigo & tip her well ! She deserves it.This place is living proof that New Orleans is a city of regular people who happen to live in it.  We don't all own trumpets and tubas, and not everyone is a raggedy starving artist.  Thank God the hipsters haven't discovered this place yet!  You don't know how unbelievably happy we were to be called "y'all," NOT "you guys" by the cheerful and very efficient staff.
My girlfriend tells me her scrambled eggs were delicious and perfectly cooked.  Her pancakes were good too.  My eggs Benedict were pretty tasty and still hot when I bit into these nicely poached little gems of deliciousness.  The grits were nicely cooked too.  There were a couple of little cold spots on both of our plates, but nothing to complain about.  
All in all, we had a delightful breakfast.  We enjoyed sitting there this morning, planning our day over a couple of fresh and comforting cups of coffee--amid the chink-chink of the silverware and the swaying pleasant din of others around us, having a day as good as ours.  I enjoyed getting some extra toast as soon as I asked for it, and I truly enjoyed the appropriate and reasonable prices.  
I'm happy to say I recommend this place.Great waitresses! Very friendly. Great food and atmosphere. Apparently, no ones a local, but everybody's a regular.