One of the better strip clubs on Bourbon, pretend high-class and all that.  Cover can be steep.This place is deplorable. We went there and there were no girls on stage. When one finally got up she was only dancing some guy she was friends with that she had been hanging out before. We were there for 45 minutes and were not greeted by a single person. When I spoke to the manager, who was rude and wouldn't even tell me his name, he actually engaged in a full argument with me for about 45 minutes about why he couldn't refund our covers. When he knew he couldn't win the argument logically, he just kicked me out although I had done nothing wrong. I tried to call the corporate office and just heard some woman speaking some foreign language incoherently into the other end for about 2 minutes. This place is a sham and I hope you have the good sense to just skip it if you're in New Orleans. I read something that said it was the best too which was even more disappointing. No performances, and no acknowledgement of our presence by the staff. And the place was empty.My husband and I decided to sit at the front bar for awhile. He got a beer. We people watched for awhile. The girl at the front bar was great. My husband had to use the bathroom.  She said it was OK to go in. The front door guy stop him. He explained about the bathroom.  He was kind let him go in and told him he could do what ever he wanted. As I sat there, the two front door guys would let people in no charge.  The girl would pick and choose who she would charge $10. After he came back we decided to go inside. She wouldn't let us in unless we each paid $10. We had sat at the bar for 3 drinks prior.  We were the only ones sitting there. She knew we had been there. Poor business from her.  Be careful of the shady front door girlThis place is amazing came here with friends and had a blast Khalina was smoking hot Puerto Rican def. knows how to work her body will come again!Enter at your own risk.  Make sure you avoid Jessica and she stole my phone. After I confronted her she magically found it. There are plenty of other choices in New Orleans and Ricks hires a bunch of thieves.I went to Rick's for a party. The food was good, the jazz band was great, and the free champagne definitely got my attention. I am not usually a fan of this type of establishment, but the burlesque dancers were super fun and entertaining. I will keep it in mind for bachelor/bachelorette parties in the future.This Is An Upscale Gentleman's Club... Fun Environment, We Had A Great Time.... !!!My wife and I were looking for some adult entertainment on Bourbon Street during our recent stay in the French Quarter. Due to the awesome bartender at Mike's Cajun restaurant (across Canal), we were told that Rick's was one of the more laid back classier joints on Bourbon Street, so we decided to start there.
We're novices when it comes to strip clubs, so we were looking for a place that we could blend in and just watch for a bit without much involvement. 
We were not disappointed. The girls were all above average looking. All girls had nice to great bodies. Half were disinterested in dancing, but the other half actually worked during their performances. There was a nice racial diversity to the dancers. 
More importantly though, the girls here were not pushy (with us, at least). The first night we went we only had one girl solicit a private dance (very friendly and sweet), and the second night we went we were not solicited at all. Probably not a good thing for those couples specifically looking for lap-dance action, but for us it was perfect. The girls definitely knew where to focus their attention and read body language well. They focused on the groups of guys and/or single dudes. 
The first night we were charged a cover, but the second night (Friday) there was no cover but a one drink minimum.
Staff were very friendly and relaxed. 
The reason this review is not a five-star is because the mixed drinks were very weak and extremely expensive. Over-priced drinks was no surprise. Strip clubs are notorious for that and I understand that's how they make money. But I can't abide a weak cocktail!
We didn't visit any of the local competitors, but it's hard to imagine a better experience than Rick's.One of the top two clubs of it's type in NOLA. If you are expecting something like you saw in some tv show or movie, then this place isn't for you because as the name says...Cabaret. Quality over quantity here!While there are countless not-so-gentleman's nightclubs just a stone's throw away in any direction, you can't hit up Bourbon Street without a quick - ahem, or four hour - visit with your ol' buddy Rick.
We dropped in for happy hour: no cover (including ladies), half-priced drinks, not many kinda empty with not many creepy patrons, and enough second-string girls to keep the male companions entertained. We had an outstanding cocktail server. I really wish I remembered her name because she deserves a shot out. Glasses were filled, she broke countless bills and put up with a lot of our table's BS. 
Our first round of drinks for six peeps was only $30, so that tells you something about the attractive happy hour prices. I sipped on prosecco and a few delicious whiskey concoctions from the cocktail menu. The guys in our group seemed to have a good time as well. I even bought my buddy his first lap dance ever - with a little persuasion. It's only $20, and the girls will even do half songs if you ask nicely. Now these hangouts aren't my normal kind of thing. I usually end up having a "what's your workout routine?" convo with the girls, but that's a different story.
The music was great; I got up for a quick sec to dance before a bouncer headed my way and skurd me. (I guess that's a no-no for clothed girls?) The DJ was accommodating; he played my two of my song requests for just a few bucks tip: Miley's Cyrus "Hands up!" and Katy Perry's "The One That Got Away." Not quite Rick's Cabaret appropriate, but I certainly appreciated it. 
Down-sides:
*Ladies restroom is waaaay upstairs. 
*Smoking is allowed inside. Yuck.
*$10 ATM fee. Redonk!
*No pole. Can't we see a girl get her swang on?Absolutely loved it. Girls were super attractive, attentive and fun. Was there for a bachelor party, unfortunately we had issues with the atm on site and that's my only real complaint. Other than that I highly recommend it! Must go for any new Orleans tripThis place charged a $10 cover and the girl at the door "miscounted" the change of anyone in our group who was typsy.  Dances were $60 which is too expensive IMO.   The women were good looking but were not eager to please.   I prefer several of the other places on bourbon over Ricks.It's a sham. Whatever you do, do not go here. There are a dozen other clubs on B street that won't chest you. This is on of many bad reviews to hit the web. Do not go.Rick's Cabaret is no doubt the #1 Gentlemen's Club in New Orleans. In 2014, Gambit Magazine named Rick's Cabaret "BEST OF NEW ORLEANS". The women, the atmosphere, the service is nothing less than First Class. Everyone here is treated like VIP. The staff and management here is very professional. Everyone from the doorman outside to the bathroom attendant is dressed to impress and offers nothing but the very best service. The furniture is new, the club is always clean, the decorum has a sophisticated look - everything about this club says 5 Stars. Rick's Cabaret is definitely a must see while in New Orleans.I'm a novice, but I catch on quick! Lol~Look, When you're in Rome, do as the Romans do...and when your on Bourbon Street, do whatever the hell you want.  I had the time of my life here and I'm not too proud to admit it! ;D  The security guys were so professional...they watched over me like a hawk all night, but then I am also a very generous tipper, too.  When I slipped out for a moment to charge my phone in the hotel, they had men on walkie talkies tracking me because my husband thought I'd been gone too long.  I should have told him that I was running to the room, but I didn't think it was a big deal, as the hotel was directly across the street...but they don't take girls missing lightly at Rick's, even if they are guest.  I didn't mean to cause a fuss, but it really made me respect how this Club is run.  The girls were great, too~down to Earth yet out of this World!  ...tip well and enjoy responsibly!Strip club virgin - no more!
Four of us chicks and $10 cover fee.  Nice.
Four of us and we all got lap dances for $20.  Very nice.
A stripper running after me to try on her stripper lip gloss.  Vexed.
All old and hopeless men staring at us, wondering if we were lesbians.  Amused.
Gettin hit in the face w/ titties.  Confused.
Rick's not too bad - they do try to be high class but fail w/ the folks they hire!!!  Some girls are cute, some got no titties, and some are just  workin it.....I like the seats here.  Comfy and uh, leans back.We were initially pleased to be receiving a "deal" on the cover charge as we were given a special price of $5 each. However, we were unaware of the two drink minimum. Luckily, I was able to combat this by avoiding the waitress.
The girls all seemed to be pretty decent. I do not believe I have ever experienced as much lap dance pressure in a club as I did in this joint. If you think that a $60 lap dance would leave you with some stories to tell, you are right.  Unfortunately, the story is that you got ripped off.Staff here is very friendly && the drinks are amazing! Need to try the green tea vodka! Mine and the hubby's favorite so far! Cant wait to try their different && unique drinks!This place is deplorable. We went there and there were no girls on stage. When one finally got up she was only dancing some guy she was friends with that she had been hanging out before. We were there for 45 minutes and were not greeted by a single person. When I spoke to the manager, who was rude and wouldn't even tell me his name, he actually engaged in a full argument with me for about 45 minutes about why he couldn't refund our covers. When he knew he couldn't win the argument logically, he just kicked me out although I had done nothing wrong. I tried to call the corporate office and just heard some woman speaking some foreign language incoherently into the other end for about 2 minutes. This place is a sham and I hope you have the good sense to just skip it if you're in New Orleans. I read something that said it was the best too which was even more disappointing. No performances, and no acknowledgement of our presence by the staff. And the place was empty.
Update: 
Funny that every assumption the person below made about my visit was false. It was late at night. They conveniently charged us the cover right before they dropped it, and gave us no receipt. The manager then used the fact that the business did not meet their responsibility of providing documentation of my payment to say they couldn't refund the cover because I may have paid with a credit card. And I thought it was pretty funny that I was able to engage your "manager" in a heated argument for a good half hour. Shows how much stuff he has to do to worry about running the business. And over 20 dollars. Petty. Pretty much a beacon of professionalism if you ask me.I spent about 2 hours here in Ricks. Pretty dancers all friendly making you feel at home. Two stages, good variety of ethnicity of women.Stopped in with some colleagues since they had no cover although there is a one drink minimum which is really not that big of a deal since the drinks are not outrageous.
Girls were decent but not as good as Penthouse. The layout is rather odd with columns all over the floor so it blocks your view to the stage.
Only serious gripe is th cigars are crap and over priced.
Otherwise worth stopping into if they are not charging cover.I love Rick's! To me this place is a must, just like Aurnaud's or Petunia's. $20 lap dances, average price and totally worth it. Good drinks, good music and hot chicks, you can't ask for more!By far the best dancers in Bourbon Street.  Great music,  great dancers who actually know what they are doing and fun crowd here. Definitely don't go to any other strip clubs in nola except Penthouse Club and here. You won't be disappointed.Went on a Friday, wasn't too busy but it might of been too early for a crowd..so got to sit up front in all the action with my girls. The dancers were lovely, not too much "pole" action or tricks..but still entertaining. ONE in particular caught our eye, can't recall her name (sorry..if you read this..I get distracted easily..but you were GORGEOUS!) but after her dance she came over and introduced herself to us along with another dancer , sat and chilled for a good 10-15 mins talked some "girl talk" we didnt get lap dances because we just went in to relax before leaving town and not get "full service" lol ..and then they went on their way..but it was nice of them to stop by. The establishment is not too lit up but not like "damn..cant see the person sitting next to me" kinda darkness. Our bill was close to $80 for seven drinks..so not too bad. We will definitely go back next time we're  in N'awlins. Thanks ladies for the hospitality..keep up the nice work :)My friend and I flew into New Orleans early Tuesday morning and after checking in, decided to hit Bourbon Street. After walking for awhile we decided it was time for a shot and Ricks was the next bar in sight! After a friendly gentleman at the front door checked our IDs we decided to sit at the front bar. The bartender, Sara was great! We wanted to try one of the liquors which are made in house, she recommended the cilantro, lime and I believe, habanero infused tequila. It was delicious! Our plan was to only have 1 shot and move along but we ended up staying for a shot and about 4 drinks. Sara was great and super friendly! We will def be stopping back in to see her before we leave!Overpriced Rick's Cabaret franchise you say? Hey its Bourbon St. what did you expect. I was with group of friends 2guys/8girls we just walked in without cover. The first night in NOLA we kinda over did it and next morning my friends informed me I had bitten one of the performers leg but lets just leave that for another time. 3 Stars at best for no cover and having 2 girls on stage. Lappy was $40 but I think you can talk them down to maybe 25-30. Waitress comes around asking if you want a drink and I remember seeing a pole somewhere on stage.
*not a place to bring your family, good place to talk and entertain do business.Like many places in the Big Easy this 'establishment'  harkens back to the town's past... It's pirate past.  Well, that might be a bit harsh and not entirely fair.  In defense of Lafitte or Blackbeard they at least used a sword and likely smelled better then this dive when they robbed one.  Allow me to explain. 
     The other night as my friend and I are enjoying Bourbon St. in all its glory we come across Rick's and are begged to enter this dump by the doormen.  Now this might come as a shock but we had both been drinking.  My buddy was worst/better off than me and was kinda out of it but we agreed that no lap dances would be had.  So we go in and I go to get us some drinks.  It takes forever but when I return a 'stripper' is asking my friend for his pin number to his debit card!  I ask why and she states that he owes them for two dances.  I point out that that is very unlikely, she retorted that my drunken friend had agreed to two but had NOT gotten them yet!  I tried to explain to her he is wasted and would have sold his kidney for a beer and that he wouldn't be paying for something he didn't want or got AND that asking for a drunken guys debit card's pin was questionable at best.  Well she went and got the manager and shocker he backs her up... That is Rick Cabaret's policy.  If they can get you to drunkingly agree to a dance, even just to get the gal out of your face, you must pay for it rather you get it or not.  So to save the fuss we paid and left.  Kind shady in my book.  Simply put: DON'T GO HERE....beware of this place. me and a group of my friends came here and the two of us that paid both got ripped off by this place. if you go and use cash thats ok but if your paying with a debit card. it does not matter how much the bill will say when you sign your receipt, they will turn around and charge you $150 as me and my friend found out. my bill was 69 and his was 37 and we both got charged 150 each on our statements. i'm in the process of filing a dispute against it right now. the girls seemed very lazy on stage as if it were some kind of slow motion stripping and our waitress was very unorganized. taking more than 15 minutes to just bring our bill. i HIGHLY warn anyone who wants to come here. bring cash and keep the plastics in your pocket!Girls in this club were fine!
Pros:
1) Girls were attractive and fun (even if you didn't want a dance)
2) VIP dances were well worth it.
3) They had 2 blondes working that night and a very fun Canadian Korean girl!
4) They honoured a free entry coupon!
Cons:
1) Closed too early
2) Smoking was allowed.
I can't remember the prices of dances but they were on par and worth it.
I'd visit this club again.Change my mind about this place terrible service and staff rather go to barely legalHAHAH, great time.. Had march madness on, beers flowing, and decent scenery.  Beware of the Succubi.. Felt like we barely made it out alive. Entered with over 15K of watches/phones/cameras/ etc.. Left a little lighter in the pocketbook, and only lost my sunglasses.  I actually went back the next morning and looked/felt in the couches... SO GROSS, i still can't believe i stuck my hands there.. ahhh.. great times..Took advantage of the "STATE" I was in..the less than an hour time spent there was not worth the $900.00 charge on my credit card...stay away!!!The better of the strip clubs in NOLA.  I just hung out with our group in the back.  Didn't really watch much of the dancers.We didn't go into the club, but ordered a couple of drinks in the outer bar. The bartender, Elise (or Alyse?) was such a pleasure. We ended up staying for another just for the conversation. Can't speak about the rest of the club, but really enjoyed our time at the bar.15$ cover charge...id say the only nice thing were the strippers but even better was the bathroom!!! they had all sorta of cologne and diff. types of snacks!!! LOL!Came in town with a few friends of mine for a bachelor party and we were recommended to Rick's. By far the best looking women in the city and the servers treated me and my friends like kings. The drinks are a little pricey but as you go down bourbon street to the other clubs,you'll realize if you want quality, you're gonna pay for it.Beautiful place! Exotic and beautiful, friendly girls. Cover fee and drinks prices were normal for a good strip club. We had a great time there!!!What an nice change from the seedy atmosphere of most New Orleans strip clubs.   A group of us were in town last week and we ended up at rick's three separate times.
As far as gentlemen's clubs go the decor was much nicer than anything else we saw in New Orleans.  3 out of every 5 dancers were at least 7 out of 10's, with some playmate quality girls in the mix.  The waitresses were a little pushy and I think that one of these girls on friday night was found in a trailer park.  But what kept us coming back was the food and the drink.
My group came in thursday for lunch as we were staying at a hotel across the street and heard from the manager that the club had just changed management and was redesigning a lot of things.  We all had the surf and turf special: a New York strip with a large lobster tail broiled and basted with butter in shell which I thought was done rather well for the amazing price of $12.00 including a baked potato loaded up and tax.
But what impressed me most was the wines, I had never been to a strip club where such great choices were prevalent. The majority of our travelling partners are from  wine country and really appreciate good unique choices.  I had a beautiful cab from chappellet vineyards and my wife had two glasses of sainstbury chardonnay while some others in our group had a couple french offerings that were great finds even on a French restaurants's list.  The liquor drink prices are a little high, but it seems the mark up for wine is what you would expect in any type of restaurant for the caliber they provided.
When happy hour hit we were still there, waiting on my wife's private dance to finish and I ran into a manager when asking directions.  He came and sat with our party for a bit letting us know some restaurants we should try and some of the local scenery & haunts we had never even heard of before.  I wish I could remember the young man's name because he turned out to be an invaluable source of info in that we tried three of the restaurants he recommended and loved every one-- I will be reviewing these as well.   We talked wine and industry  for a bit and then he told us we should come back the following day for their weekly buffet-- this time an English affair. So Friday we came back and ate beer battered fish and chips, several different types of sausages (their take on bangers and mash), and a refreshing cucumber salad.  I forget what else they had but for ten bucks it definitely couldn't be beaten.
My wife and I returned again that evening amid the crowd of football fans watching the game and found the place to be a bit cramped.  While walking around we spoke with an employee who held the rope to their VIP area-- a slightly secluded area on the far side of the stage with its own bar.  He told us it was a "bottle service" area for admission so I figured we would have a look.  The liquors where about what I expected in the $350 range and had the typical Crystal and Dom selections for champagnes.   But amid this average list were some amazing finds.  Four or so boutique champagnes and a beautiful wine list.  We bought a bottle of red I had never heard of and happily relaxed for the VIP experience.  The dancers DID pay us alot more attention, however our waitress here was less than pleasant.  We wanted to get a second bottle of wine, but with the choices they had I wanted a bit of guidance.  None of which she provided, so we ended up leaving.  
Will I come back, yes, most definitely.  But I preferred the daytime.This place was awesome! Definitely a step above the rest. We went during the day and came back later that night. The girls were HOT and the ones we spoke to were super sweet. Can't beat the daytime happy hour prices (half priced drinks.) my friends and I will definitely make this a regular hangout!Check the name - this is more like a cabaret than strip club.  You enter and have large seating section with low rise chairs and candle lit table tops.  The room is dark but not dark enough at times because of the stage dancers (no pole folks, just stage).  A quarter wall wraps around the main room for the semi-private "no touchie-touchie" dances - 40$ bam!  There's a front and back bar, and behind the back bar area, is the back/vip room - minimum $60 for song dance to head back there... 
The cocktail waitresses are usually right on you for drinks unless it's busy and expect to pay $10 for beers and up.  
The girls... well... there's some gems in the rough so be patient.  Don't bite with the first one that comes your way.   The girls here know the game well and I would say they are some of the best at separating men from their money on Bourbon street; but usually you won't feel too guilty about it (depending on how much is left).  They'll sit on your lap, sit next to, pet your arm, bring their friends around and stroke that ego till you cave for a dance.  There are definitely a few that will pull the  "give me $20 to sit with you" move and ask straight up "I'm leaving but will give you my last dance for $30" line but there are others that will actually put in work for the Jacksons.... 
I got a few 40$ dances and a few worth only $5, but nothing I'd tip over on; but then again, I really didn't pay for them (the casino winnings did).  My biggest annoyance with this spot is the cover.  $10 any time, no ins-n-outs and no exceptions (well... for the common folk).  
If you want some hot girls, that took a show today (and still smell good), will make you comfortable and give you either a freakyshow or sensual dance (depending on the girl), then this is a good spot for you.  For my money, I'll go to a club with a little more dirrty and p*rn star appeal and spend less for just as hot a girl.  Check my other reviews...This place is great, really classy with good service. The girls are hott, the waitresses are really friendly and the bartenders are amazing. The drinks were really good and came quickly. They are open LATE!! Past sunrise so it's fun for after hours too. I was told that there will be a lot of upgrades over the fourth of July weekend. Can't wait to come back for my next visit.I come to Nola at least once a year for work related business, came in here recently because my hotel was across the street, had a great time with Jackie upstairs, definitely worth the extra privacy so you don't have to hear or see all the youngins partying downstairs. good place.Best girls, best experience, nice clean club  come here every trip. A lot of the laws in NOLA have changed and the clubs change with them. This one stays clean and delivers the best entertainment IMO.I certainly liked the one in NYC a lot better than this one. It was a Friday night and I'm sure there were a bunch of drunkards throwing their George Washington bills around so they drew more attention from the dancers and bartenders. A group of us just wanted to sit around and chill... Not sure why we decided on a strip club (the guys outnumbered the gals 3 to 2). And since we weren't flaunting our Abe Lincoln coins we had to clothesline a waitress just to serve us drinks.
Rick's Cabaret is a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ. Translation: they need to be very profitable with a strong revenue and growth stream so people will buy their stock. TRANSLATION: they only have dimes working there. No second or third string talent.Best on Bourbon. the prices for alcohol are the same as in other high quality places. Worth to visit.Just got cursed out by the waitress! Told the manager their waitress just cursed us out and he did absolutely nothing about it! Horrible service they yelled at us multiple times I will never ever come back! Do not spend your money at this place there's so many places on bourbon you could spend your money on.Visit: 5/26/2017
Rick's Cabaret in New Orleans has always been one of those places we've heard good and horrible things about, but never great. So we decided to check it out during our strip club crawl for ourselves finally.
The bouncer and a couple of the girls were outside on Bourbon getting people to come in and handing out free passes; so our entry was free. Once inside, the bar was immediately to our left and there was a small stage immediately to our right with the main stage directly in front of us. The main stage's wall was lined with mirrors and the pole was right in the middle. We wanted to be close to the action, so we sat right next to the main stage.
It seemed to be a rather slow night, because there was not much going on. The most entertainment we got was from talking to Jaya at our table and talking to our server Noelle. Plus the prices of the drinks were kind if crazy: $10 a beer and $13 for Jameson.
Before leaving though...this sexy angel appeared out of no where, her name was Aspen. Between her and Jaya, the brief stop became worth it. Plus we found out some very good information if we ever decided to go back: main floor dances are $20 (no touching), a semi private dance for one person is $40 a song (light touching above the waist), and there's a VIP semi private option that is $175 for 20 minutes and you get a menu of sorts that list each dancer.This is an outstanding adult establishment. My wife and I visited as part of our honeymoon and we had a tremendous time. The service was great from our server Mieshia all night, and the head server even looked out for our belongings at the table. Our favorite performer was Tiffany, who did an amazingly athletic and sensual dance on the main stage and then one at a side table for my wife. Tiffany was extremely friendly and fun with my wife, then did a tremendous private dance for the two of us. All in all, we felt appreciated as well as turned on, the cover charge was very reasonable as was the semi private dance. Anything further would have been beyond our price range, but we were very tempted. If we ever want to visit an adult club in New Orleans again, we would definitely go back to Rick's.My partners and I went to New Orlean back in August, it was best the experience and the best service that I've ever received from a club. I mean it was VIP service from the time we entered the club until the time we got out. If you're in NOLA go check out Rick's, you won't regret it. Thank you Rick's for such a great experience.Nice atmosphere music not too loud. Non smoking. Comfy chairs. Did have one pushy girl for lapdances hence the 5 star. $10 cover for Sunday night.Awesome customer service, amazingly gorgeous and talented ladies, really cool and classy setting, best bartenders on the strip, and the variety and versatility is impressive. Totally recommend.Me and my friends go to the Rick's at least once a month. Every single time we have a good time there. Dancers and staff are very nice, high quality service. I suggest everybody to visit Rick's cabaret.I really liked the spot! It was not too big, but the girls were really friendly and really beautiful! We went during Halloween weekend and it was the A team! Loved it! 
Shoutouts to Alia, Mia, McKenna and Britt!I spent way more money than I should have, and I don't regret it. 
This was my first strip club ever, and Rick's ushered me into manhood with a gentle, yet eager, hand. I went twice, on a Tuesday and a Friday. Unlike some such establishments, the women were as beautiful and enthusiastic on the off-day as they were on the busy night. On both nights the dancers were upfront about selling lapdances, but they are all willing to take "no" for an answer (if you're holding out for a specific woman.) 
They have a main stage and a side stage, both with poles. The woman on the main stage goes over to the side stage, so if she struck your fancy, you will have to wait through two performances to get a chance at a lapdance. 
Rick's has three tiers of lapdance. The basic one, on the main floor, is your standard she-can-touch-you-but-you-can't-touch-her lapdance. The next tier, you go up to the VIP floor and grab a nice, comfortable, (wide) leather chair. You *can* touch her with this one, but it's still only the length of a song. The top-tier means you go into a beaded-curtained off alcove, and that one gets you either 30 minutes or an hour (depending on price). 
Bring plenty of cash, because using a card for anything is possible, but a huge hassle.I always have a great time at Rick's Cabaret. By far the best looking girls in town and friendly staff. Don't even bother with any other club on Bourbon Street.Awesome service, great drinks, amazing ladies, classy interior... My favorite place. I always have a lot of fun here. The amount of exotic and unique women is mind blowing.Kristen is sooooo amazing!!! Literally the best bartender and best experience that we have had!!!! I only want her to make my drinks  so awesomeHands-down, my favorite strip club in all of New Orleans.  (You have to understand, I'm a New Yorker, where we have to damn near sit on our hands in strip clubs in the city.)  The girls here are friendly, aren't pushy, there's a huge selection of women all the time.  I've been dozens of times, and still see new girls every time!  
The drinks are definitely strong..friendly waitresses, bartenders, and management, which is always a nice momento to have...so...stop reading my review and head there for a lap dance!!!Great to go bartender. This place is better than the other on bourbon St. The vodka they are serving is great too. Absolute Elyx. Will come back again.Visiting from Atlanta GA on 10/22/21. Found many places ask for vaccination cards as though a negative PCR test is not an option when it is. This spot included. 
For shits and gigs I very calmly asked the person I was showing my negative test to if this establishment was HIPPA compliant. The girl didn't know what HIPPA meant. I laughed and said was just curious and left it alone. 
She quickly called the manager where I was then told my group and I were being denied entry. When asking why the manager would not provide a reason. One of the bouncers went to put his hands on me to remove me. However respected me saying to not touch me because I was calm and I wanted to know the reason why we were being denied. 
The manager then threatened to get the police involved when none of us did anything wrong. Confused to what was actually taking place, we stepped out and I chose to have a conversation with 3 officers on horses explaining what took place. The manager then followed stating I made one of the girls feel "unsafe" when I was not being irate at all. I literally simply asked the question and left it alone. Didn't make a fuss nothing. 
The cops basically said since they didn't see anything it was my word against the workers and they couldn't do anything about it. This action placed a very bad taste. Will never refer anyone to go here. 
Now looking at the rest of the reviews, I see other stories fall in line with this type of behavior. This place does not deserve to stay in business and should absolutely be shut down for operating the way they do.I'm writing this for my friends because they don't have a yelp. They walked in and there was no one there and quickly realized why. All the girls were in the corner gossiping as they just sat there. They witnessed one hugely fat girl constantly harassing a female customer with her two guy friends for no reason as she sat there just talking to her friends. The girl then proceeded to get the DJ to go scream at her for again, no reason. After that the group decided to leave, at which my friend said that the girl started hollering "you don't wanna mess with a stripper b**tch" as the female just stood there finishing her drink ignoring her the entire time and her friend tried to calm the stripper down. After they left my friends sat there and finished their overpriced drinks alone as all of the girls continued to gossip in the corner. Horrible and with so many other clubs on Bourbon this is definitely the last place to go.It was the night before my sister's wedding and so I tagged along with my brother-inlaw and a few other guys for a little bachelor party. After gambling and a few drinks we decided to come to Rick's. Now I have never been to a strip club before or a cabaret either, so I really did not have high expectations or knew what to expect. We walked in here and the cover was $15. Kinda pricey, but hey it was a party night.
The inside was pretty crowded and almost every table was taken. It took a while for the 4 of us to get seats. You can tell this place is a bit more classy than other areas around and most of the customers dressy with some high baller status regardless if they really deserve it. The girls here come in so many shapes and sizes and I give them tons of credit for these hard manueverss they pull off. One girl had amazing abs! Another offered my friend a private dance, but her aggressiveness was a bit of a turnoff. My only big disappointment with this place would probably be the ridiculously pricey drinks. 4 budlites for over $30? wow. Talk about sooo not worth it. but you have to order a 1 drink minimum. Grab your dollars!I have visited Ricks cabaret for 7 years for my birthday, at different cities.  I walked up and talked to the managers they were rude from the moment I walked up. I wasn't looking for a free drinks but hey 'thanks for coming here" would have been nice. All I got was " OK?"". I took my business to hustler's barely legal down the street and me and my friends spent  $2000+, Corey the day manager gets a shout out!!!My boys and I hit up Rick's and partied there two nights in a row and had an absolute BLAST! The girls were the hottest on Bourbon street. Carmen was our waitress and was the best. She was friendly and the coolest waitress we have ever had.If I could give this place zero stars I would. The "manager" (Micheal) there is absolutely disrespectful. I would avoid going to this strip club because management sucks. You can go down the street too penthouse and have an amazing night with out the manager harassing and disrespecting you.Great place to visit if your white. I went on a Tuesday ( our 1st time in New Orleans with two black co-workers) on the the strength of a couple of white dudes, with shitty results. Every last dancer in the place bypassed us, but the bartender came behind the bar to serve us at a table ...I'm nor new to the stripclub world, but this is Bullshit! Black people go as u wantNice strip club but women patrons beware.  Although there were almost as many women customers as men, which I think adds a little upscale feel to the place, the women are not treated equally as far as the bathroom facilities.   My wife said the ladies room was disgusting, no toilet paper, dirty underwear on the floor and just not clean.  On the other hand, the men's room even had an attendant.   Other then that, nice place and we had a good time.Upon walking in, the club was absolutely empty. We sat down just to turn our phones off and was automatically reprimanded for having them out. We are from Miami and have an understanding of strip club etiquete. My friend and i went upstairs to use the restroom and have a quick conversation and they kicked us out. My friend stayed back during the bathroom trip and was asked 3 times to go get money from the atm to tip the strippers. the atm charged her an additional 10$ to take out a 20 dollar bill. after she put the money on the stage for the dancer she came to find us at the bathroom area. A random patron came out and ask her what we were talking about and we said "life" and right after a dancer asked us what he said and then told us we needed to leave immediately from the bathroom area.I came by with my Fiancé try to buy a bottle of DP they didn't have it!!! I ended up getting a bottle of yellow label. The bottle came no glasses no champagne bucket with ice. Horrible the waitress didn't know how to Probably  serve the bottle of champagne. 
I felt so embarrassed for her I told her it's not your fault. You  weren't properly trained and you have horrible management.Front door is rude ... Smells like Mildew & the strippers are trashy AF ... management needs to do betterA little disappointed in this place actually extremely last visit was the worst place was rude staff is rude and waitresses try to gip you out of a tip will never come here again rather go to barely legal. Besides there was only a couple of hotties and I dnt even see that nowDO NOT GO!!!
100% FUCKING SCAM!!!
Went there and got a couple dances from a girls and paid in cash.  A few minutes another girl comes up with my credit card and a charge for $3000 even!!!  Then I checked my other card 3 days later and had 2 charges for $2150 and another for $750!!!  That's over $8K!!!!!  I didn't even sign for those.  I was in there maybe 2 hours.  I admit I was drunk, and not sure how she got it.  It was a different girl.  I said no and she stood there for literally 20 minutes just staring at me like a dip shit.  She WOULD NOT LEAVE!!!    How is this possible??  Place is fucked up!  DON'T waste your time!!This place is ridiculous. Three girls tried to go here, we got flagged going on and then we're escorted out by security for standing in the wrong place along the bar because apparently there is a "good place" and bad place for the servers there. The male bartender acted like we we're an issue he couldn't deal with somehow as well. Abandoned freaking ridiculous. Would not recommend at all.Husband and I went to this place on a Saturday night in late May 2015. No cover charge.  You get what you pay for.  Had one round of drinks but the waitress didn't come back so we couldn't order another.  We were ignored by dancers as they were only focused on single guys, not couples.   The dancers were attractive.  Some were doing pole work others walked around the pole.  No offers for private dances.  I agree with one of the other reviews.  The  support beams do block some of the views of the stage.  We probably would go back if in the area.The dancer were mostly poor quality stages were very small. This does not have the quality of other Ricks locationsABSOLUTELY HORRENDOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
tl;dr IF YOU ARE BLACK DON'T GO !!
If you are younger than 40 they will assume you are broke
which is extremely stupid.  If you are an upscale Gentleman, 
go to penthouse.  If you are middle class I would honestly 
just save up and go for a night there as well. 
Yesterday I went to Rick's.  
This is relatively a long story.
I'll try to make it quick. 
Do they have good girls, it depends upon what you like. 
Most of the girls are white girls in there mid to late 30's with 
fake boobs. I happen to fancy Asian girls.  So I go, ask the 
door man if there is a particular girl.  He says they are upstairs
getting ready.  I say ok, come in, and when she never arrives I
am pissed off but calmly I leave.  Yesterday, I went, had a dance 
with Kim.  It was sublime.  I got about $200 out of the atm, because 
that was the maximum that it would allow me to take out.  The dance 
was incredible.  But let me clarify a little bit.
I am an African American, in my mid 20's.  I have a tourist shirt on 
and black dress pants.  I am not particularly ugly, but no Ashton Kutcher 
either.  After the dance with Kim, I was basically in love.  Ready, to blow 
pretty much whatever, because at the time I had the residual income.
Earlier in the night, I talked to a patron of another club that I know.  He is
very well known at all of the clubs.  He was teaching me about real estate
and the basics of how he obtained his real estate fortune.  We were quietly 
talking leaning against a wall. 
Before that I was talking with one of the waitresses.  One of them was really 
cute so I just gave her money.  Literally, she did nothing and I'm like here is money.
I bought 2 blue moons for 10 a piece, and I was honestly just happy they had my 
favorite beer.  
Kim was a Vietnamese girl in her early 30s it looked liked. Extremely well groomed 
and smelled like Heaven.  I was ready to get another dance and was basically ready to throw
the money out my wallet.  I asked her about an older white gentleman in his 40s or 50s 
who she was talking to earlier because honestly I was jealous.  She said that he said he was
 a Surgeon, but he just, "wanted to see her boobs real quick" and I chuckled to myself.
"Yeah right" lmao.  Anyway, right after the dance she says she is going to go work the floor, 
before I even got a chance to tell her that basically she had me hook line and sinker. 
Feeling rejected I go down and introduce myself to a couple.  They were in town for a cancer convention, and having had in interest in medicine myself, I wanted to talk to them.  We were laughing and had a good time until a manger comes over and tells me I had to leave.  You can't talk to the customers it looks weird.  
I think to myself, wow, I dropped maybe 100 bucks.  There are about 8 girls sitting here doing nothing but playing on their phones.  Upstairs in the "dance" area there is no one.  I was there for about 3-4 hours and maybe 1-2 people went upstairs.  I understood that talking to a customer might kill the vibe.  However, this guy was like, "I'm going to ask you to leave, and don't come back"  After I was pretty much just giving out money.  
I even came back apologized and explained that I understand that discretion is an important part of your business.  However, he said that there was no argument.  
I respect his consistency.  I can't help but feel I was profiled against.  The guy was Russian 
or something.  Deep down, I am soooo glad that happened, because I would have given Kim soooo much money.  My goddd man.  However, I must say that THEY WILL LIE TO YOU ABOUT WHO IS THERE AND MOST OF THE TIME THE PICKING IS AVERAGE TO OK.Horrible.   Dancers are all scammers.    Dances go from $30-$50 bucks the dancers all have different prices.   Horrible horrible horrible.   Stay away.   Don't waste your time or moneyGet drinks from Kristen our front in the bar! Great drinks and she's super sweet! Strip club inside is also great. Our group had a lot of fun at this place!Absolutely took advantage of the "state" I was in and they charged 4 of my credit cards for hundreds and hundreds of dollars.  I spent all of the next day reporting fraud to my credit card companies of which I got the charges reversed. Someone there also stole my cell phone of which I was not able to get back.  Overall, it was a terrific experience. I'm being incredibly factious.  I will never go back there.  Agree that it was my mistake for going there in the first place.When you are in NOLA for the 1st time cruising Bourbon and your mans name is Rick .. it's a no brainer that you have to go to Rick's Cabaret! Ok even if your man's name isn't Rick you should still pop in .. buy a drink .. or 5 and break out some $.
We had actually gone to Deja Vu 1st & found it to be to crowded with mostly seedy, drooling, pot bellied old men that actually made me sad for the dancers.
Went to Ricks & was welcomed by nice ladies & younger clients. Chatted with the bartender and took a front row seat. Granted it wasn't crowed so the dancers were very attentive. One of them liked us so much she stopped dancing and sat on the stage and chatted with us......to the dismay of the group of guys sitting across. We thought it was hilarious. She did an extra few numbers. 
All in all it was a great time (from what I recall). 
My ONLY complaint was that we wanted to get one of their signature I KNOW RICK tanks & have Miss October sign it for us .. but they don't sell the shirts there you have to order them on line (fail). 
Side note: he said he was never taking me to a strip club again because I got more attention then he did - I take this as a compliment.