Truly horrible service and extremely overpriced for what was only decent food.  My family and I had reservations for 8:30 after a day at Jazz Fest.  We showed up a little early, let the hostess know we were all there, and decided to get drinks at the bar.  After seeing us at the bar, the hostess proceeded to give away our table.  We were not seated for another hour, and, let me tell you, you really want a seat and a good meal after a long day at Jazz Fest!  We tried to stay in good spirits, but even when we were finally seated, our server was a little too erratic and not very helpful.  The food was mediocre at best and not worth the price you pay.  We will not be returning.
The sad thing is this place used to be good! We went last year and returned with high hopes.  Maybe management changed because Rio Mar is definitely not the same.The quality of the food and service of Rio Mar have really gone down in the last year or so since I first started going there regularly for lunch.  
Service is generally slow.  Orders are questioned ("we don't like to do things on separate plates," "you have to place all orders at once") and sometimes changed without warning ("the chef wanted to try something new with this, so it has a different dressing/sauce, etc.").  The quality of the food seems to vary depending on the day, too -- I have ordered the same thing twice in a row only to dislike it the second time around.  
It's disappointing, because Rio Mar has a nice atmosphere, is conveniently walkable from my office, and is one of the few places around with different varieties of ceviche, which is a favorite dish of mine.  It's good enough for the occasional lunch, but I wouldn't bring anyone there on a special occasion.Wonderful experience!  We started with dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in jamon iberico. They were out of this world. I could have eaten a dozen. We also had several small plates and they were all very good. However, the best thing was the shrimp, octopus and squid cooked in its own ink. May sound unappetizing to some, but if you don't try it, you have done yourself a huge disservice. Can't wait to return.Rio mar is a good change from the normal new orleans fare but that does not mean they dont know we like flavor. Ceviche was great and the  Oysters Rio Mar was amazing. I got the zarzuela de mariscos. I wish it had a few more clams but is still very good. It can get very noisy when its busy. Only thing keeping me from ranking this 5 stars is the service. Maybe they were short handed but it seemed they were working too many tables and not paying enough attention.Convenient to the convention center, and a great choice for lunch.  I was a party of one, and had a little wait, but given the opportunity again, I would have made a reservation.  Lunch is served from a tapas menu, which is put on the table like a sushi menu.  I chose 2 plates for myself -- tortilla espanola (egg and potato) and jamon serrano -- and all the bread/olive oil they gave me.  Looking at the table next to me, I wish I'd had the grilled tuna as well.  But I was trying to leave room for the tres leches cake, since it had been recommended by so many.  And they were absolutely right.
I would definitely go back.I was invited to attend their Oyster-only night, celebrating the start of the traditional harvest season. I pretty much love the bivalve in all manner, so I was happy to go. I wished it had been a more stellar experience. 
The dishes were served tapas-style, so 2-3 oysters per dish. I wish I could remember what I had, but it's not the point. The point is this:
It's a Spanish-themed restaurant, but the cocktail pairing offered would have totally overwhelmed the dishes, both in flavor and in quantity.
Most of the dishes seemed to be missing something to make them memorable.
Our last dish. the oysters weren't even shucked properly to eat. 
No cocktail forks?
Our servers were quite attentive. The setting is dank with low ceilings. The bar area looks like an afterthought, so can't say I'd come back for drinks.I first read about Rio Mar a couple of years ago in a NYT article ("Life as a Repast, Not Yet Complete") about the author Kim Sunee. The article mentioned Rio Mar's grilled white anchovies in vinegar (boquerones) and ceviche. Both sounded good, so when I came to NO a few months later, I went to Rio Mar. While the boquerones weren't on the menu, they had the ceviche. In fact they had a few different kinds of ceviche. I tried then all. I liked them all.
I went back to Rio Mar last month and had ceviche again - Panamanian and mixto. I liked it again. Actually, I knew I would because I've had it lots since the first time I tried it at Rio Mar. 
The Panamanian ceviche is fish, red onion, and habanero marinated in lime juice. The mixto is a mix of seafood, including squid, and shellfish. Often squid in ceviche is rubbery. Not this squid.
Adolfo, the owner wasn't cooking, but he was very active expediting orders on the Tuesday night that we were there. As we were leaving, I asked Adolfo how he got the squid so tender. Basically, he said that he barely blanches it, chills it in ice water, then marinates it. Octopus is totally different. You need to cook the hell out of it to tenderize it. He explained that he brought the kitchen staff to Spain last year and they all picked up some technique while there. Damn. I worked in the wrong kitchen.
If you are looking for something a little lighter and healthier than the regular NO food, try ceviche at Rio Mar.My family and I had 6:30 o'clock reservations for 9 people back in February. Half of us arrived at 6:00 and grabbed a drink at the bar. I really enjoyed the spiced apple cider drink I had, especially because it was so cold out. By 6:15, eight out of the nine people had arrived. We asked to be seated, as the last person was struggling finding a place to park. Parking in the CBD on a Friday night is definitely a hunt. The hostess rudely informed us that we had to all be present to be seated. Ok... fine.
We wait a few more minutes. The hostess runs up to us and demands to know where the last guest is. Still parking. Didn't we know that Rio Mar offers valet? We did not because as the hostess implored this, the valet kid was rolling his little cart out. How would we have known? He wasn't out there.
The hostess then informs us that the table might have to get let go because we're running late on our reservation. No. We're not. We were basically all arrived. We can order for the last guest, he's already told us of his order. He finally shows up after having parked blocks away, and she stomps over to the table.
We were so off put by the hostess's rudeness, it really ruined the rest of the night for us. We also witnessed another table THAT WAS INCOMPLETE be seated and two guests arrive two hours later.
Everyone had mixed reviews on their food. The ceviches were good and fresh, but some of the other items were...odd. Like the mole shrimp, which were basically whole shrimp covered in chocolate sauce. Ick.
I wouldn't go back.The best thing I can say about this place is that the chefs are dead honest. I had a fantastic grilled octopus, but ultimately ended up chatting with some of the staff who recommended I head over to Peche for my next voyage. Similar concept, better execution.Spectacular fried oysters are hot sacks of goo in KFC batter, served in a loud, low-ceiling dining room that could use some work: wobbly untablecothed tables lit by dim residential wall lamps give the impression of local mom and pop dive restaurant, not three-dollar-sign hot spot. Service is rushed or quick, depending on your perspective. Food is acceptable, trendy, and unique: striped bass special a little less tender than it could have been, fish ceviche a little too tart and spicy. I would come back over and over again for those fried oysters in the fried oyster salad.I've been here several times over the course of many years and there are some gems for sure, although I was turned off last night.  We sat for dinner and asked to start with some appetizers so that we could look over the menu leisurely.  We were told that the kitchen doesn't accept appetizer orders without the entrees, you have to order everything at once.  I don't remember this ever being the case there.  My group and I are all restaurant workers and found this attitude not worthy of the good but not spectacular meal.  
The ceviche.  Good but the lime juice didn't taste fresh, more like what you buy in the green, plastic lime-shaped container.
Pata negra (jamon iberico).  Very tasty, I liked that it was served with almond-stuffed dates, they were delicious.
Oysters Riomar.  Very good, a little rich but I love manchego and chorizo, maybe a little too much chorizo in this particular dish, it kind of overwhelmed the other flavors.
Gulf fish escabeche.  Outstanding, very fresh.
Serrano-wrapped tuna.  Meh.  Sounds amazing but the tuna flavor was not there.
The tres leches with coco had a different texture than I usually associate with the dessert but it was very tasty, especially with the nuts on top.  Flan was a bit too dense, in a sort of gelatinous way but still good flavor.  Chocolate cake was unremarkable.  The desserts were on the house to apologize for the appetizer/entree thing but I don't see why they wouldn't just allow a more relaxed style of ordering, it's not as if we walked in five minutes before closing.While I stayed the week in New Orleans, I reserved Good Friday to eat seafood, and chose Rio Mar as my destination after watching a feature on New Orleans TV. What a huge mistake. I had the mussels with chorizo, and the special which was the lemon fish. I had montezuma's revenge the entire night after dinner. My body couldn't decide if I should hug on the bowl, or sit on it. It was awful. It ruined the rest of my stay in New Orleans. My husband  shared the mussels with me, and he was fine, so it must have been the lemon fish special. The food was mediocre, and overpriced. The best thing about this restaurant was, oh wait ....nothing.Awesome find from the guy at the desk of our hotel.  Awesome, fresh food, locally sourced and artfully prepared.  We'll be back.Three dollar signs?? You've got to be kidding!  This was by far the most inexpensive lunch we had during our week in New Orleans.  Most of the tapas we chose were either $4 or $6 each, and the portions weren't small, either.  Spanish sherry is available, to enhance the experience.  Great bread and Vigo olive oil.  Excellent.Excellent seafood.  The arroz was superb.  The service was friendly, helpful, and efficient.  The wine list is modest, but well chosen--good matches for the food.On our first night in New Orleans, a Friday night, we got caught in the rain.  This didn't stop us from Yelping the crap out of restaurants by our hotel in the Warehouse District.  After basically making a lap around the area, doing restaurant recon on our phones and getting turned away by some hipster joint with a deli around the corner (whose name I'm too lazy/uninterested to look up; we have enough hipster joints in Chicago) we finally succumbed to the rain and ducked into Rio Mar for dinner.
We lucked out.
The atmosphere was warm and inviting (and that impression's only 2% because we'd been darting in and out of places in the Louisiana rain).  
The menu was varied and equally inviting; we had a chance to survey it while we ordered some wine by the bar (the bar was closed for a private function, but the host--who appeared to be one of the owners/managerial staff--let us sidle up anyway).  
Once we were seated, after a wait time significantly shorter than what was forecasted, we were placed at a spacious table in the corner.  We thought we were something special since we had so much room, but we quickly discerned that the entire restaurant is spaced out wonderfully well.  (That may sound stupid, but if you've ever been crammed into a dining "hot spot" where the owners try to crowd 15,000 tables into a single dining room, and subsequently been forced to hear the entire, torrid story of the couple next to you's trip to Dollywood or the therapist, well, you know how nice it is to have a bit of breathing room between tables.)
I can't say I was super impressed with most of the food *I* ordered, but hear me out.  First, the other three people I was with were absolutely in love with their food.  My sister's vociferous adoration for the deep fried oysters in the Oyster Salad became an ongoing joke for the rest of our weekend in NO.  Second, the Arroz Negro Costa Brava that my other sister ordered was also a hit with our table and was shared liberally.  (On a food-nerd note, it was also pretty gorgeous.)  I had the Escabeche of Gulf fish, and wasn't thrilled.  I wasn't ready to vomit all over our spacious arrangement, but... meh.
That "meh" was soon erased by the dessert menu, specifically the Tres Leches de Coco.  Seriously; save room for it.
The best part of our dining experience was the overall service, but more specifically our waiter.  He was attentive, but not intrusive, extremely friendly, funny, and he knew their menu thoroughly.  For example, I noted previously that I wasn't stoked about most of my food; at least a third of that is my fault.  When I ordered the Spanish-style garlic soup to start, our server strongly encouraged me not to, but then gave me a tip on how to make it better (it comes with an egg that needs to be busted up quick-like and could use a serious salting).  Long story short, our server was honest and right--and I withhold his name solely on the off chance that his disparaging of the soup could somehow get him in hot water... no pun intended.  Further enhancing our service, both the host-owner(?) and the chef came by to see how we were doing.  It's nice to feel attended to on a busy Friday night, even if the soup's not so good.
So... rambling review made short: Rio Mar really is the "seafood destination" that it claims to be.  Don't let bad weather force you in; go willingly and, by God, have the Oyster Salad and the Tres Leches.  So good.This restaurant has gotten so many reviews, and I even featured them in a video podcast a few months ago, but had never actually eaten there. The one time I went, it was a busy lunchtime, but even allowing for the crowds, the service was AWFUL! We were just trying their basic tapa samples and only one would arrive at a time, with endless wait time in-between. I still wonder why it would take 15 minutes to get a cold slice of quiche, or simple sardines right out of the can! (yes, the variety of tapas wasn't so great either)Next time I will have the 5-hour Pork and Garlic Steamed Mussels again! 
When we went last week we had a variety of things from the menu: We had the Signature Ceviche Tasting as a starter, which included all 4 of Rio Mar's ceviche opitons: Aji Amarillo (yellow pepper sauce, leche de tigre), Ecuadorian (shrimp, tomato & citrus juices), Panamanian (fish, habañero peppers, lime), and Mixto (shrimp, squid, fish, charred peppers). There was more than enough for 4 people to share. I never had ceviche before, so this was a very cool experience...my favorite was the Panamanian who's habañero left me with a nice warm sensation.
We also got an order of the Garlic Steamed Mussels with Chorizo Sausage, and it was great. If I had to decide between the ceviche and mussels, it's 100% mussels all the way. They were delish! I'm glad I can say I have tasted a variety of ceviche now, though. This was a great first time for that.
For the main dish I had the "El Original" which is Serrano Ham-wrapped Yellowfin Tuna with Chickpea puree and Romesco sauce. It was prepared very rare, which was very good if you aren't turned off by rare cooked fish. 
My friend ordered the Bacalao a la "Abuelita Lula" which is Salt cod in a sweet and sour tomato sauce, raisins and almonds. It was over the top salty...he knew cod would be salty, but it was too much. The waiter was very apologetic and did all he could to make our experience great. He sent it back and swapped it for the Five Hour Roast Pork Latino-style which was wonderful and comped our dessert.From the moment we walked in until we left, our experience was amazing.
We ate around 6:00 PM on Thursday.  There were only about 5 groups of people in this restaurant so it wasn't too busy.  We were immediately seated.
Our waiter, Ryan Iriarte, made our evening truly special.  Ryan was attentive and gave great food recommendations.
Cindy and I split all of our dishes and left feeling very satisfied.
We started with the Panamanian Ceviches $8 - a fish, habañero peppers, lime, dish.  What a lite tender delicious flavorful dish..
Our next course was Garlic steamed mussels with chorizo $9.  OMG what a dish.  The chorizo had a smoke flavor that transferred perfectly to the mussel.
Our main course was from the daily special.  I wish a wrote down the name because the dish was excellent.  The dish consisted of grouper fish layed on top of a bed of sauteed mustard greens and 4 thinly length sliced potatoes, and 6 melt in your mouth medium sized shrimp. $24
To end this perfect evening we had Tres Leches de Coco $9 paired with a glass of Ron Zacapa $15 - One of the world's best rums.  What a beautiful combination.
The wine we drank before and during our meal was a Rioja from Spain $9.  We don't remember the vineyard or vintage but it complimented our meal nicely.
As you can see, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone that would like a great evening out.
By the way, Ryan Iriarte, is a member of Blackbelt band.  We haven't heard his music but if they sound as good as his recommendations, I'd support them.Burnt garlic, poorly prepared ceviche (popcorn really?). This isn't the Rio Mar I remember.  Why do the staff have to yell out every time a plate is up? Or maybe we could just hear it because it was empty on a Friday night. The coconut rice would've been good if garlic not burnt.  The scallops were near perfect except also burnt.  The octopus app was very good. The squid ink risotto decent.  Caipirinha excellent.But no one is paying attention to the details.  I miss the old Rio Mar.  Oh well -so it goes.Uneven.  That's the word to describe Rio Mar.
- The ceviche sampler was bland.  It's almost like they weren't using lime juice.  I didn't taste any of the normal citrus/acid that you would expect in any kind of ceviche.
- The grilled octopus and paprika potatoes were outstanding.  Lots of flavor that soaked all the way into both.  I loved it.
- The amberjack was overcooked.  The sauce that it was in was delicious.  Very tangy.
- The cobia was amazing.  The combination of the meaty fish that was grilled almost perfectly (the edges were a little overcooked) and the freshness of the vegetables were outstanding.
- The flourless, chocolate cake was very nice.  Once it warmed up.  It came out very cold and wasn't that great, but once it warmed up, it was very good.
- Service was solid.
So some food was excellent.  Some was not.  I'd go back for the grilled octopus and cobia, but I'd be hesitant to try anything else as I'd hate to end up with a dud.If you're looking for as quiet place with a great deal, good tapas, good drinks and an awesome bartender (Paul)?! This is it. The ceviches are wonderfully refreshing and the grilled shrimp is too good to have one. $5 tapas for happy hour and half price drinks. Came back here a second time with my boyfriend. Nice place to be able to talk without yelling, meet an awesome bartender to chat with and just enjoy a night off of the Bourbon St area.Generally you don't equate NOLA with Spanish food. But for locals, this place is a tried and true favorite. It's location next to the convention center begs for tourist but it has a healthy local following as well. Most come for the cerviche of which they have 4 different kinds for you to choose from. I'm not a fan of cerviche in general so I can't recommend any particular one.
Other appetizers though.... try the FRIED OYSTER SALAD. It comes with serrano ham and corn over salad greens. The saltiness of the ham goes perfectly well with the crunchiness of the oysters. The GARLIC STEAMED MUSSELS have small slices of chorizo for you to munch on and the GRILLED CALAMAR STEAK is tender and every so slightly smokey. Delish!
Entrees are all priced less than $20 and you get a LOT of food for your money. The HANGAR STEAK with chimichurri sauce and yuca fries (yum yummy!) is ridiculously large. My boyfriend and I can share the one steak and have a couple appetizers and be full.
Check out the ZARZUELA here. It's basically a seafood stew with mussels, clams... squid... all in a saffron broth. Very tasty. Don't over indulge on the bread and olive oil they bring to the table. You'll want to save some of it to dip into the broth.
The ESCABECHE of gulf fish is always a winner. The fish changes on a daily basis but I've had it with escolar and was very pleased. It's served with a caper, olive and pepper relish. The relish was tangy and the fish was rich and smooth. If you like shrimp there is a GULF SHRIMP "AL AJILLO" which is basically a broth of garlic, parsley and olive oil. I've seen people inhale this dish.
Save room for dessert. I *dream* and crave the FLAN here. I think the chef said the recipe calls for 10 eggs and man... this is the WAY to eat eggs. aaah.... My boyfriend loves the TRES LECHES. It's a little too much on the whipped cream for me but I can see where he's coming from.
What's particularly fun about this place is that Chef Adolfo is a real card. Unlike some other chefs in town, his ego is in check and he's someone you'd want to sit and have a drink with. Speaking of which they have an extensive wines by the glass list.I've only eaten here during the summer, but I think it's because I always crave their ceviche.  They always have great seasonal menu items that are light yet satisfying.  Also, the wine list is good, but I prefer a julep or mojito to start, then a white wine with dinner.
The atmosphere is airy with french doors open on nice weather daysI've never heard of this place even though we live a few blocks away. 
I joined my husband for a private party here last week without any expectations. Do a little bit of socializing, wine and call it a night was all i bargained for.
I started off with a watermelon caipirinhas (ask for bartender Brian). If there was ever a *perfect* watermelon caipirinhas, hands down- this place has it. 
(seriously, ask for bartender Brian. The others made it weak & watery.) It was a great starter as we were introduced to the
Ceviche Tasting - four different ceviches; one adorned with popcorn...popcorn?!?!---you've got to try it. Crunchy texture to your ceviche was something I never expected to enjoy. 
Grab a pen & write this down: 2001 Castillo Labastida Rioja. 
Have it with your Arroz/rice plate w/ shrimp and saffron. 
The waiter also mentioned that since it's New Orleans... they added crawfish to mix. They didn't just 'topped' the rice with crawfish, they layered crawfish underneath and on top of your rice. 
I've never indulged on crawfish like that before. It was balanced, delicious and has a curry/stew texture to it. I was overwhelmed with surprise.
Entree:
Grilled Hanger Steak  w/ yuca fries and Argentine chimichurri...Medium Rare
I've had my fair share of Argentinian cuisine when I lived in Miami and I have to say, this was zesty, authentic and well worth it if you're not in the Miami-Dade area for hanger steak.  -Again, sip your wine as suggested above. 
Dessert time came around and I was telling myself, this is where  this restaurant is going to lose their consistency. (surprise!)
Tres Leche  -now I'm not a tres leche fan. But the almond crunch was impressive. It may have been liquor-heavy that was engaging but hey, the kids loved it!
Service was great. He was knowledgeable, informative on  ingredients, preparation and the origin of the dishes.  From start to finish, this restaurant was on key. Definitely, enhanced our Spanish experience. 
Must dine here. and thank me later.I went with a large party a bit late to our 9 pm reservation. They were happy to seat us and never once rushed us. Literally everything that I tasted was flawless. I'm happy that Rio Mar was  the first place I tried jamon iberico. Despite being known for tapas, we all ordered entrees. The portions were perfect.The atmosphere when you walked in was new but not over done and the wine list was good - they let us try 3 different wines before we decided on one. The peppers appetizer was fantastic, the cesear salad with fried oysters can be skipped - nothing wrong with it but it is just romaine with some fried oysters.....the small plates were the perfect size for us with the appetizers so we ended up with just the right amount of food.  All of the service staff were exeptionally niceI've just had it with this place. Once my #1 restaurant of all time. Now, just impossible. Their constant hours changing. Even when they say they are open they would be closed. I have had incidents of showing up and waiting around for the doors to open. After that I would call and no one would ever pick up the phone. I use to rave about this place to my friends. I did hear they got new management. Whoever or whatever system that may be, get rid of it! It worked fine before.Calamares en su tinta and tuna empanadas are my favorite. Moderately priced. The caipirinhas are a mustThe food was excellent. I had the beet salad and drum fish ceviche. The restaurant is very noisy and the seating is not terribly comfortable though. The waiter was very nice and attentive.This place is getting 2 stars for the food alone. Our food was good and served promptly but the service was far below par. We arrived for our RESERVATION and weren't even acknowledged until about 20 minutes past our reservation. Then seated 10 minutes past that. Once seated we informed our waitress we had a groupon. Ordered 4 glasses of house wine( which weren't even full pours) and very over priced I thought for the restaurant.  Ordered 5 small plates but only for were put in. Once the bill came our 18% grauity was added to the bill. Ordinarily this would not have been a problem as some of us work in the service industry but considering the slow process of acknowledging us at the hostess stand to our poor service of our waitress we didn't think she warranted an 18% tip on our original total with tax. Once we questioned it to the hostess/manager we got more attitude. We were never given a bill showing what our total would've been without the groupon until we were refunded a whole $10 because we questioned it. We live in the warehouse district and will never return again and will make sure to tell all of our friends especially our service industry friends.Rio Mar is a great choice if you are tired of typical New Orleans fare. It was a nice deviation from po-boys, gumbo, and jumbalya. We went there twice during our visit, once for a lighter meal and another when we were hungrier. Their salads and ceviches were delicious, especially the fried oyster salad and panamanian ceviche. Our entree was disappointing, we ordered the five hour roast pork. The tres leches con coco dessert was honestly one of the best I have ever had! The service was great, they were helpful and attentive. 
So all in all, Rio Mar is a great choice if you are in the mood for a lighter meal and a great dessert!Husband and I were taking a stroll around this area and decided this looked like a good place to stop for dinner. There was a wait, but there is a great bar to help bide our time. The bartender was helpful and suggested an amazing beer for me and made a tight cocktail for husband. 
My meal was the shrimp w/ rice and it was OK, husband had the zarzuela de mariscos and really loved it. The tres leches was an awesome dessert. 
After dinner, I did my tourist duty and tried some absinthe. The atmosphere is really great so we had a lovely evening here relaxing and enjoying each other's company. 
If I lived around here I would definitely return and try some other menu items and take advantage of their awesome wine list.The ceviche was incredible! I highly recommend this place for those who enjoy Latin American flavors.  Although most visit Rio Mar for fish, the pork was absolutely packed with flavor!  You should definitely get there early to beat the dinner rush or find yourself waiting 45-90 minutes.Love this restaurant! I've never had a bad meal here. Ceviché sampler is delicious! They used to have a pan seared redfish with a cumin-honey vinaigrette but it's not on the menu anymore. :( Get the side of fried eggplant drizzled in honey.. You won't regret it! We love coming here with out-of-towners. Great atmosphere and food. Can't go wrong!The food gets the majority of the stars for this review. Tasty empanadas and the drum was flavorful. Our service was horrible. First, gratuity was included but never mentioned except on the bill (for a table of 4). We were hungry and had to ask for the dinner menu twenty minutes after we sit down. Also after asking for the check finally, we had to wait thirty minutes to finally receive it. The server definitely took advantage of the included gratuity.In a city with so much great food, Rio Mar honestly stands alone.  
New Orleans is a GREAT food city, as good as San Francisco or New York, *but* . . . and the "but" is that it is largely a "one-trick pony."  Creole, Cajun (OK, that's two tricks), and a Creole-Cajun-French fusion.  OK, three tricks.  And some Vietnamese.  OK, four tricks.  But authentic Spanish? authentic Basque? It's an extreme rarity, but Rio Mar hits the mark perfectly!
Our friend (and waiter from Galatoire's) Billy took us here, and after five nights of Creole-Cajun-French fusion (or some variant thereof), it was certainly a welcome break.  The surprise was just how good the food truly was.
We started out with a Panamanian Ceviche (fish, habañero peppers, lime) that was fresh, bright, and absolutely delicious; Oysters Rio Mar (baked with chorizo & spinach) that was flavorful, tasty, and truly authentic; and the Steamed Mussels (with garlic and chorizo) that was  succulent, full of flavor, and wonderful.
Then we moved on to the Grilled Octopus (served with small potatoes, and pimentón oil) that, in all honesty, was the best octopus I have EVER had -- tender, flavorful, lightly spicy . . . amazing!  With that, we had the Gulf Shrimp with garlic and saffron (major yums!), and the Arroz Negro Costa Brava -- a blend of octopus, squid, shrimp and squid ink that turns the otherwise white Calasparra rice a true black.  Let's just say that I wanted to pick up the plate and lick up every morsel . . . fantastic!
For dessert, we enjoyed a Tres Leches de Coco and some housemade Dulce de Leche ice cream.  Ahhh, heaven!
It was truly a wonderful meal, and Rio Mar is definitely a place that we'll be visiting again . . . and again!I ate at the bar, because there was a 90 minute wait at this popular restaurant. The female bartender was adorable and really made me feel comfortable. I really like that casually elegant vibe of the place and didn't feel out of place wearing shorts, even though everyone else was in biz casual drag. (Or maybe I just don't care that much.)   :)
I ordered the black drum fish, which I had never had before. It was pan seared and has a meaty texture that is similar to swordfish. It was served over green beans that were tossed in a delicious, slightly sweet vinaigrette and toasted hazelnuts--yum. The green beans were served at room temperature, almost cool, actually, like a salad, which was surprising and refreshing, though it is common for Spanish food to be served at room temperature so I guess I shouldn't have been  that surprised.
The meal also came with a thin, crispy, honey-fried slice of eggplant that was fricken AMAZING. Even the iced tea was delicious.
My only quibble is that the fish really should have been hotter, and though the eggplant was terrific, it also should have been hotter. By the time I was half way done with my plate, the food was basically cold. I think my plate might have sat for a bit before reaching me. I also would have seasoned the fish with a bit more salt, but the meal was really very good, and I would certainly recommend Rio Mar.
Moreover, one of the owners, who was at the bar talking with patrons, is a total dream boat with a gorgeous Spanish accent. I had to repeatedly resist the urge to stare at him. Maybe that's the reason why my food was cold after all.Tapas for lunch!
Went here for lunch where they do Tapas. Good food, great service, nice desert, very friendly helpful staff, I'd head back there again next time in NOLA.Off the path, in the warehouse district. Was starving and took a chance. So glad I did. It is a Spanish seafood menu, but I ordered the 5-hour pork and it was truly noteworthy. It was served with fried plantains which were perfectly crisp. black beans/rice and a delicate cabbage slaw. The presentation was lovely, which isn't easy to do with roast pork. 
I would definitely return for this dish. This chef clearly knows what he is doing, all the other tables around me were raving about their food as well.We had a large party on a very busy night but the service was excellent and the food delicious.  They gave us an excellent set menu which made for efficient service.  The wine list was perfect for our evening.  Highly recommend  to everyone!When you walk in, you notice that this place has an old, dungy smell. Plus, they don't have happy hour.
This place boasts Spanish seafood as it's specialty. They have a great selection of 40+ Spanish wines by the glass on their menu. I thoroughly enjoyed the Caipirinha, which is the national drink of Brazil and is made from lime juice, sugar & cachaça (Brazilian liqueur from 1st-pressed sugarcane). $8.Good Caribbean resturante if your tired of all the New Orleans food.  Dress Casual we came for our wedding anniversary and were over dress. The drinks are made good and you have to try the ceviche sampling :)In a sea of fried food this place is a refreshing change. Maybe my favorite in NoLa. The coconut cerviche is life changing.Grilled octopus- try it. Chef Garcia is a rock star. They have a good wine list with several good well priced riojas. The specials are often amazing.Amazing restaurant. Carefully crafted decor, warm friendly service that's knowledgeable with out being stuffy. The chef/owner is a CIA Hyde Park grad that knows his way around both ends of a restaurant. The wine list was heavy on Spain, but with a well round selection of international selections as well. After great conversation with the owner regarding all things food and wine we where greeted with complimentary jeberico ham and marcona almonds served with a traditional Basque Rose. Table service for this one is great. They serve it in traditional carafe with a narrow spout and pour the wine into the glass from about two-three feet away to get the gentle carbonation going. Perfect paring. Next came the apps. Portuguese octopus and baby potatoes, that's been blanched and marinated for hours and finally finished with smoked paprika. By far the tenderest octo we've ever tried. Next was the Ecuadorian Shrimp ceviche served with popcorn garnish, great flavors and ultra fresh shrimp. A very refreshing avocado salad, followed by razor clams. Both were rockin' and very well made. Fresh fresh fresh, I'm telling you. After the rose wine we ordered the 2000 R. Lopez de Heredia Rioja Reserva. This producer makes the most traditional wines in all of Rioja Alta, just seeing it on the list gives the whole experience 5 stars. For a traditional red wine it literally went with every dish on the table, from apps to main to dessert. For main course we chose: Flank steak, 5 hour Pork, Black drum. Each was well prepared with great presentation. I think that the pork was the best but can not take anything away for either dish. For a restaurant who's focus is on sea food their handling of meat is equally as mastered. For dessert we where again met with a comp of traditional 3 milk cake, flan and chocolate torte. The traditional deserts where the best example we've come across. The really kicker at the end of the meal was the rum selection! We never new the breadth of available styles and flavors found in aged rum, forget scotch(j/k)! The sherry list was also amazing. Our finale was a sample of 1927 solera sherry, the same year that my Grandfather was born. We took a picture of him drinking it, probably the best memory of our trip to New Orleans!We tried to enjoy a dinner here, it was wayyy too LOUD to enjoy anything!  My ears hurt.  I can not believe a restaurant could be this loud.When you tire of Cajun/Creole/Southern "we fry anything that ain't nailed down" food, check out Rio Mar.  Sangria!  Tapas!  Spanish ambiance!  Heavy on the fish (as expected) and very very Spanish.  The entire restaurant was like a dark little trip back to Spain and the staff were great to work with on a group dinner for work.A group of us went to RioMar after the CTIA show. I was very impressed with the whole experience. We had a very knowledgeable (and cute) waitress named Helena who took very good care of us. We got there early so we had her undivided attention, but even after it got crowded, we were taken very good care of. We all started out with the Capriahinas which were perfect. 
For my meal. I had the fish with the olive/vegetable mix. It was great. The fish was cooked perfect, but the mix of whole and sliced olives with the mixed vegetables took it over the top. 
If you are in NOLA, go give them a try and ask for Helena!!!Very nice seafood restaurant actually near the convention center.   Took my sales team here for the first night of our kickoff.  Great little place, and they really treated our group of 24 very nicely.  They set up two tables in the middle.  We ordered off the regular menu.  
Wow.  Appetizers were really enticing. Had 2-3 and the ones I really remember were a lobster combo with shrimp with a special sauce.  Can you say yummy? 
Drinks galore and were very good.  Nice wine selection and had some of my CA favorites. Entrees came out just about together.  I had the grilled gulf white fish which was cooked just right.  Again, some type of sauce that was so good, I almost licked my plate. Others had the fish stew, gumbo, jambalaya, etc. Everyone was smiling and accolades abounded for the meals. 
Desserts were sinful.  Some type of rum cake was served along with a flan, and a very Louisiana style of bread pudding. 
Decorated nicely with linen tablecloths.  Nice paintings and a small bar. 
Check it out, and I am sure you will have a nice meal.Came here on a Friday evening. More than 60% of the tables were empty. 
We came with a group of 8 and were seated promptly. 
I ordered the Lisbon style garlic soup which had a poached egg in it. It is a tomato based soup with a hint of spice. 
As I wasn't too hungry, I ordered two of the small plate entrees. 
The crawfish bunuelos was very tasty. The pickled vegetables were very sour but was an excellent compliment to the roasted corn, crawfish and aioli. 
The oysters - baked with chorizo, spinach and manchego cheese - was a disappointment.Overall, the food was very flavorful and fresh.  (Except the oyster Caesar salad) 
The service SUCKED... I had to wave/walk to the servers to get drinks, ask for bowls, the check. There were only a few tables occupied so it wasn't even busy! I will never go there again.Interesting menu + tapas for lunch = good place for seafood when ur with a group
I brought my out of town family here and they really enjoyed it.  The plates were small but there was a great selection. I will say as a vegetarian there were only two things I could eat on the menu but they were both amazing. Overall I think its a good go to lunch place.This place was excellent. The food was delicious and the wait staff very prompt and friendly. I highly recommend Rio Mar or anyone visiting New Orleans. I'll certainly be going back next I'm in town.My wife and I went there a few years ago (pre - Katrina) with three other couples. Being a diabetic, I ordered a piece of plain grilled fish with no salt or other seasoning and plain grilled vegetable. The waiter very nicely said that he was not sure they could do this but he would check with the chef/owner. The next thing we knew the chef/owner came to our table and very arrogantly and emphatically announced that he does not and would not deviate from his menu without any explanation. Thinking he may not have understood that I was a diabetic or what diabetes was, I and several others at our table, tried to explain what diabetes is and the limitation I was under. He  interrupted  and this time in an even more arrogant manner said he knew and was very familiar with diabetes, would not make any exception to his menu and that I was free to go to another restaurant if I wanted. He then abruptly turned around and went back to the kitchen. Being totally shocked at his actions and completely embarrassed, all eight of us got up and left. When we got to the front door, the maitre'd tried to apologize and said that the chef is a "temperamental artist." After exiting the restaurant we all agreed that he was not a "temperamental artist" but rather a bigoted jerk. Not one of us have ever set foot in Rio Mar or any of his other restaurants since that time.After a few days in NOLA, we decided to give fried food a break.  We came here because they offered seafood that wasn't necessarily battered and fried.  Food was good, but could have been better.  What really ruined the experience for us was seeing a cockroach crawl out of the bread basket right as our server set it on our table.  The manager came over to apologize and bought us a round of drinks.  We thought about going to another place for dinner but being a tourist in NOLA, we didn't  know where else to go, besides we were really hungry by then.Me and my girls decided to welcome in the 4th of July holiday with a Wednesday night Happy Hour crawl.  Rio Mar was the first stop on our crawl.
I had been to Rio Mar in the Warehouse District once before and had really enjoyed it, so it was time to return. 
Happy Hour is from 4-6 Monday-Friday and offers 1/2 price wine, drinks and a really big menu of $5 tapas!  2 or 3 of these, and you've got dinner! 
As far as atmosphere, I think Rio Mar is lacking.  I don't know what it is...it just seems a little boring to me.  I've only eaten in the bar though, and can't comment on the atmosphere in the main dining room.
I had a group of 5-6 coming and was VERY disappointed when I sat down at a table and they told us we couldn't sit at any of the tables because they were brand new and hadn't been sealed yet. It's really hard to enjoy a social happy hour with 6 people lined up at the bar.  You inevitably end up with sectioned off conversations...which defeats the purpose of the get together.  Oh well.  It wasn't a deal breaker though.
I don't remember the name of our bartender, but she was very nice and efficient.  When one of the girls wasn't sure what a particular liquor tasted like, she was quick to give a sample.  When I wanted to log the wines into my Vivino app, she gave me the bottles to scan in!
Onto the food. We all ordered different items, so we were able to try several things.  I ordered the stuffed piquillo peppers and it was delicious.  No complaints at all.  Two of the girls got different kinds of ceviche.  One was the Mango which was Drum, Gulf Shrimp, Squid, Mango, Cilantro & Habanero, garnished with Plantain Chips.  The other was 'Al Fuego', which was Gulf Shrimp, Fire-Roasted Tomato & Chiles, garnished with Popcorn.  Both of them were really good, though I preferred the Mango.  On a previous visit, I had the Panamanian and it was very good.
Because of the great prices, and the big drink and tapas menus offered for happy hour...and because I love happy hour, I definitely recommend it!This is my third two-week trip to New Orleans for Jazz Fest, and every year the Spanish and Latin seafood and steaks at Rio Mar continue to be a favorite of ours. The restaurant was recommended to us by our long-time friends who were born, raised and still live in New Orleans. On this year's visit, we stopped in for dinner twice, once for just the two of us on a quiet Wednesday evening and once in a group of 6 on a packed Jazz Fest weekend evening.
The dishes we love include the assorted tapas plate, the garlic steamed mussels, the hanger steak, the zarzuela de mariscos (it's similar to a San Francisco cioppino, except not quite as garlicky, the broth seems to have more depth, less tomato - and the seafood is similarly presented whole), and the fried eggplant side dish. We have also tried, and love, many of the various fish dishes over the years as well. There's a great wine list, some truly wonderful Sherries and a large variety of delicious desserts. 
I particularly like the reliable freshness of the seafood, and the fact that it's (in our experience) consistently prepared perfectly. I also like the superb quality of their charcuterie. 
Rio Mar stands apart from the many, many restaurants we have tried in New Orleans. It's very reasonably priced, the food is simply of better quality and last, but not least, the chef's imagination and attentiveness to the preparation of each dish makes it a favorite with us.I stopped in here this week since I was at the convention center and wanted some good lunch.  They were open, so I stopped in.  After waiting for 10 minutes at the 'sign' that said wait here, I walked in.  Then they asked me to go back and wait for another 30 minutes.  There were plenty of empty tables, just not near enough staff.  So, one star.  Crappy service.  Never got to the food.  We took our business elsewhere.Enjoyed the Tortilla like quiche - the rest wasn't really my thing - but others in my group would rate it ~4*.Had the Grilled Hanger Steak with some sausage and other stuff for appetizer. Good stuff because I'm a big fan of anything fried or grilled or both. The orders took a while but this is one of those places where you would go when you want to talk with friends about how hot New Orleans is during summer and how you'd love to jump in the water after BP gets rid of all the oil that was spilled. Located close to the Conference Center and is a 10-15 minute walk to Bourbon.Tried this place after getting tips from a couple of locals, and what a great find.  If you have not ventured out of the French Quarter, this is a good example of what you are missing.
I had the shrimp and rice with saffron & garlic, which was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  We've made it a point to taste everything on the table and they were all quite good.  We weren't in the mood for appetizers, but wish we'd tried the ceviche as well.Decent enough. If you can't get in at any of the good spots then this is a nice fallback. Ceviche was quite good, had the sampler so got to try them all. The Panamanian was my favorite. The pork dish was generous and tasty. Really weak beer selection with no local beers on tap at all.There is so much amazing food in New Orleans - this place is not one of them.   My friends and I had dinner - we ordered a razor clam special that came out sandy, chewy and had to be sent back.  And after eating one clam my friend and I ended up sick for the rest of the evening.  My other friend got rice and shrimp - which smelled fishy. Ick.  Saffron rice was mushy and gross.  I would have enjoyed a po boy at mother's 25 times more than the meal i spent $45 for here.  Avoid at all costsThird time we've eaten there. First year we had delicious cerviche, good entrees and fried eggplant with honey which was incredible. Second year eggplant no longer  on the menu (though stil in web menu), but cerviche still good and seafood entrees, especially the shrimp, fine.  Third year it was so noisy my husband said he wished he was deaf so he could turn his hearing aids off. The waitress - short with long, dark hair and glasses -'was horrid. She treated us as if we were stupid for asking questions. We had several questions & had to ask some of them twice because we couldn't hear her. She said "I just told you." Also she said we had to order everything we wanted at the same time, which I've never heard of. Then they didn't have the shrimp dish so we told her we were going to another restaurant. She was angry and as we were leaving she told the hostess "they walked and didn't leave a tip." Were we to leave a tip for no service and a bad attitude? Won't go back.I always wished they didn't close mid day for the few hours I would end up at Howlin Wolf for our Burlesque show's rehearsals .... I wantMy 4 coworkers and I were in NOLA for a conference this week and opted to try Rio Mar our first night for dinner... we were absolutely BLOWN AWAY!  Food and service were outstanding- and we ordered about 10 different items to share including the empanadas, seafood platter, steak, cheese platter, beet salad, and a few other dishes.  Everything was fantastic including the service and pacing of the meal.  Also, the bread was served on a plate (not a basket as the other unfortunate post states) so I'm not sure how accurate that review is.... just sayin'.  Every single one of us raved about Rio Mar and wouldn't hesitate to return.This is an excellent and unique dining experience, Big Easy style.
Just on the edge of the Wareshouse District & The Quarter.
A great blend of latin, cajun and creole.
Always great food, value and service.
The staff is professional and knowledgabe.
The dining room is somewhat small and an even smaller bar area.
You must have a reservation or arrive early.
You MUST try the cerviche & I always get their fresh fish specials.
The red fish is always prepared in a unique but delicious fashion.
Maybe a tad on the pricey side but worth it.
A great destination for a special occasion.
Somewhat limited hours of operation.If you love seafood, open wide.  Of all the seafood we ate in New Orleans, the Spanish/Latin/Creole fusion of Rio Mar was by far the best.  It is a very special feeling to be served dishes put together with such care, thought, and talent.  
We were greeted warmly by Chef Adolfo himself, who led us to a beautiful table overlooking the street. When you call for reservations, which you should, you may want to request one of those. The dining room is relatively open with dark wooden beams and exposed brick walls.  The scents in the air will summon you to your seat.  
Once you've been seated, ask to have your menu taken away.  The Chef's tasting selection was absolutely extraordinary (but I don't think it's officially on the menu).
Chef Adolfo gave us the amuse-bouche-to-nuts VIP treatment because I won our dinner in an essay contest run by NewOlreansOnline.com.  That worked out very well for us.  I'm sure that anything you choose will be fabulous, but you might get a tasting menu if you request one.  Contest winner or not, a tasting menu always feels extra-special and always makes for a memorable meal.
I won't talk you through everything we ate, but a couple of highlights:
Quartet of Ceviche!  Take me away to your faraway lands!  Each one is from a different country and each has a distinct flavor that plays with the others like best friends in a foreign exchange program, without the awkwardness of the language barrier.  It's like a beach party for your taste buds!
Oysters Rio Mar: rich like only butter, cheese, breadcrumbs, and no remorse can be.  I won't guess what the secret ingredients are - who needs to know?  Split this if you get it.  The entrées are still coming!
We ate so much - I simply can't describe it all.  
But oh me, oh my -- Chef Adolfo's wife's famous flan for dessert. **swoon**  This was flan perfection.  I didn't even believe in flan perfection.  Silky like you don't even know.  Creamy and caramel-y and cross-your-eyes smooth.  It was the center of a series of serious spoon-duels.  Everyone was a winner.
I feel confident recommending the entire menu, despite the fact that we only tried, say, 90% of it.  I exaggerate.  Nevertheless, I encourage you to go to Rio Mar, introduce yourself to Chef Adolfo, and see if he won't make your decisions for you.
Thanks Chef Adolfo! ¡Buen provecho!Chef Garcia and I disagree on whether baby octopus is better than adult octopus. After a meal at Rio Mar, I claimed that you can taste vulnerability and it is delicious, making baby meat of any sort better. I am wrong, of course, and he proves it with his able treatment of the adult cephalopod, one of my favorite sea creatures, preparing it grilled and in a ceviche.Those fried oysters were DEE-LISH-US!
Our dinner at Rio Mar was not just the highlight of my trip to New Orleans, but also the highlight of my three travel companions.  It was our first night there, and we were desperately searching for a delicious meal.  We made a circle and a half around the rainy Warehouse District (Yelping all the way) before settling on Rio Mar.  Thank goodness we did.
At first, I was a little wary.  Mainly because we suspected the previous restaurant had lied about being full,  the host at Rio Mar seemed a little rude, and we were a little wet and cold from the rain.
Luckily, things immediately began to go our way.  The predicted 45 minute wait turned out to be ten minutes.  Just enough time to grab a drink at the bar and finish it at the table.
We ordered tasty appetizers and the delicious Fried Oyster Salad.  The Chef hand delivered the salad to me which was a nice touch.    
Then, the entrees came.  The stars of the meal were my swordfish and my sister's squid ink dish.  Both were absolutely fantastic.  
The meal continued on its upward journey with dessert.  There was delicious tres leches cake, banana empanadas, and flan.  These were dropped off by the aforementioned host who completely redeemed himself throughout dinner as he helped with our table.
The food was memorable and so was the service.  Especially our server who, rather than making me feel like an ass after spilling the water glass he had just refilled for me, laughed with me and walked away saying "that was awesome" to himself.  
If I lived in New Orleans, I could see myself making Rio Mar a regular spot for dinner.My partner and I decided to give Rio Mar a 2nd try after not really caring for it MANY years ago.  We had tickets to a play for 7:30 so decided to try the $5 tapas menu, (served 5-7), in the bar.  The 2 wines the bartender, Katie, recommended were excellent and also 1/2 priced!  My partner loves ceviche, but me not so much.  We decided on the Tamarindo and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised...fresh, with just the right amount of kick and the mango and papaya gave it just a little sweet.  I may like ceviche afterall.  Since we were sharing all, and this was our dinner, we decided on 4 other tapas plates.  The Grilled Octopus was our favorite w/ the potatoes making it hearty and the smoked paprika the perfect spice.  The Piquillo Peppers were delicious as well, but the next time I order them I will ask that they kick up the pepper just a bit.  The Roasted Eggplant had a good flavor, but was served cold and that was somewhat of a disappointment to me as I am not a fan of cold eggplant served any way.  The most disappointing dish, which I thought would be my favorite, was the Fried Oysters "Al Ajillo".  The sauce was VERY greasy and therefore the piece of crusted bread it was served on was very soggy.  I will go back and try some more of the ceviche dishes, get the first 2 tapas plates I mentioned, but instead of the last 2, I will try the Empanadas and Medjool Dates that I heard other diners say were good.  Overall, good food, great service and lovely atmosphere.I had to Lechon $22, Slow Roasted Pork, Moros, Avocado, Tamarind Slaw, Crispy Plantains. I'm not a fan of fish. I realy enjoyed the Lechon much more  than I expected to, and the slaw was quite memorable. My wife had the  Escabeche, $26, Grilled Gulf Fish, Tomato, Olives, & Sweet Pepper Relish and ate every bite.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food; though it was a bit pricey.It isn't enough to rave about the Civiche and the rest of the meal, but the service was absolutely fantastic. I was there as a single diner on a night that they had lots of large groups to attend to and watching how the entire staff worked together, handled all the groups and was able to pay attention to a single, was truly a pleasure!
Anyone who has ever worked in the F&B industry will appreciate what I am writing.
Absolutely a gem.  Don't miss it.Delicious food,  Latin American.
Friendly Owner, staff,
Great Wines
Ceviches, Squid w/ fresh potatoe and smoked paprika - Fantastic
Tres Leches - great. with pecans and caramel
Easy walking distance  (is between the Convention Center and French Quarter)
Some Street parking availableRio Mar is a really good restaurant.  It looks sort of like a wine cave on the inside, darkly lit, great place for a lively date (it's kindof noisy inside).  Everything we had was delicious - the crispy oyster salad, the baked oysters rio mar with spinach and chorizo.  For my main course, I had the amazing Louisiana Black Drum fish... had never had it before but it was amazing.  Pan seared with a few veggies (green beans with almonds, eggplant, etc) and topped with a drizzling of honey cumin vinaigrette- it was honestly some of the best fish I've had in a loooonngg time.   Highly recommend it!My go to spot for ceviche and if my diet is looking the other way, the baked oyster dish. It's an appetizer, but rich, filling, and oh so decadent!"Hidden gem in New Orleans. A great getaway from the fried seafood platters. We had the Panamanian ceviche, mussels, lechon and Peruvian seafood stew! All the dishes were absolutely delicious and the service was excellent. Would definitely go back again!"2 stars because the food is at least average. The service was horrendous. Everyone from the hostess to the server was rude. Dreadful experience and we will not go back.Overall I would say that Rio Mar is a pretty unique restaurant for New Orleans with pretty good food.  The Spanish/Basque style coastal food was a nice change from the usual creole/cajun/french fare that is so traditional in the area (although don't get me wrong...we love that too!). We requested a window seat on OpenTable and were greeted with just that upon arrival.  There was no wait due to our reservations which was very nice (4 people).
My wife and I started with the Oysters Rio Mar (baked oysters topped with chorizo and spinach).  The oysters were a bit chewier than they probably should have been, and the topping was a bit overdone (looked like it was sitting under the heating lamp a bit too long, that could be on the waiter). The flavor was pretty nice, but the chorizo did overpower the dish a bit.  Our friends had the crab stuffed peppers and they were delicious.  Very fresh flavor, and the crab really shined.
We both had fish dishes (drum and tuna) and the fish were cooked perfectly.  Mine was served with a slice of fried eggplant which was pretty overcooked, but the honey/cumin vinaigrette was awesome!  My wife's tuna was really amazing, and the Romesco sauce was delicious.
Our waiter was a tad absent and plates/glasses piled up a bit, but he was nice, and overall I would give the service a B+/A-
The ambience was not that great.  The restaurant/decor itself is fine, but it was quite loud in the restaurant.  To hear each other, we almost had to shout at times.  If you are looking for somewhere quiet, and romantic, I would say look elsewhere. 
We would give it another shot.While not blown away, I am still extremely satisfied and pleased with this restaurant. With kind and friendly service, delicious ceviche, and yummy drinks, this restaurant is always a delight. 
I try to get something different with each visit, and to this date there have only been two very romantic and fun dates with my amazing man. 
I'm excited to continue to come here and try new things!