Horrible quality pralines. Overblown hype and packaging. Grainy in texture and tasteless. Save your money.We came here a few times due to our daughters loving the candies here, there are other praline shops but we seem to favor this one since it has other candies as well. They also offer souvenirs and spices that we are able to buy and take home. We got a few cajun spices, salt water taffies, tons of pralines, praline caramels, and yes, even souvenirs for us to bring home to our friends. 
The prices are reasonable and it's a one-stop shop for anything touristy and anything New Orleans that you would want to take home.Pralines are great. This place makes a good praline. A must visit with a nice souvenir shop. Lots of sweet options to pick from.Lots of samples of various pralines! Check in here and get 15% off, making it one of the better deals in town if you want to get a variety of things.I liked the samples which was definitely a plus as this was my first time trying pralines.  They literally have just about every kind here.  It's a great place to pick up souvenirs and the Cafe du Monde coffee cans are only $6.70 here compared to $7.15+ elsewhere.  They also have a selection of pretty creative cards.  I loved the Scrabble birthday card that I got!In search of more pralines and found this terrific shop on Royal street (of course).  The pralines are delicious.  I couldn't stop sampling them.  Walked away with lots of the creamy variety and some of the chewy too.  Still delicious a week later.  Lots of great gifts here as well.  I got a cute NOLA matchbox type truck for my 3-year-old son, and picked up some Tabasco knick-knacks for the hubby (including the Tabasco lollipop).  They had some pretty jewelry as well and I found a cute pair of fleur-de-lis for my 5 year-old daughter.  Good souvenir shopping to be done here. Staff was super friendly and helpful.Open late and great variety of praline choices! What's not to like? And yelp saved me 15%!!!The good thing about Royal Praline Co is that it has so much more than Praline...
As an out of towner like myself, this is the best one stop shop and get everything that is New Orleans..
As an out of towner that loves to eat like myself, this is the best one stop shop and get everything that give you a taste of New Orleans..
And of course you can find pralines here!Great store with lots of variety items for tourists. Prices are cheaper than anywhere for magnets, voodoo dolls and all that. Staff is nice and helpful. Store is spacious and maintained well.I want a fresh one!! One that was still warm!! But the pre-package one was good!!This store sold some Praline among other items. I thought the prices were reasonable and a lot of the items here were food but there were also books.  The people who worked here were nice. I didn't buy anything because I knew I didn't have room in my luggage. However, my friends did buy some Praline for their friends/family. Good place for some Praline and other items like hot sauces.  Check it out!Nice selection of NOLA treats, foodstuffs and assorted other odds and ends.  Can get a discount if you check in, so don't forget!Typical overpriced gift shops catering to tourists. It's a cute, quaint shop with friendly staff. Definitely had a sweet smell of praline in the air. Thank goodness for the 15% discount coupon offered by yelp check in. Tried to find pralines at the nearby Walgreen but they did not sell any, go figure. Hence the reason for our little excursion into the store.So many choices. Went with the recommendations of one of the regulars. Also the 15% off with this check in doesn't hurt. Friendly staff.Walking around downtown New Orleans, I started thinking about souvenirs to bring people at home. I didn't realize but Pralines were a big New Orleans thing. This store was just sitting there on the side of the street in the early evening was the most brightly lit store around - very inviting. I stepped in and looked around initially looking to bring some sort of snack back to friends at home.
They have it all from sweet to savory. They also have a great section on cook books with ingredients that you can also take home with you. I decided to dip into both sections both savory and sweet. Brought some candied pecans of various flavors and then bought some fille powder and a creole/cajun cook book to bring back with me.
Great store to drop by and pick up something quick but representative of your stay in this lovely city.I was in town for a conference and this was one of the first things that came up on Google for places to stop by. It was definitely worth it. The pralines here taste like no other. Very good place to get souvenirs to bring back home.We've never had Praline before, so this was a new experience for us. They allowed us to sample some as they prepared it in the back and I must say Praline is delicious! If you've never had it, then it is worth trying the free samples!Decent gift shop for souviners.
They have boxed pralines and alligator jerky as well as a good assortment of gift items (t shirts, chocolate alligators, etc) 
Very reasonable prices compared to most of gift shops in the area.
Don't forget to check in for a discount!Apparently you gotta pronounce it "praw-leens" over here instead of "pray-leens" :)
Anyway...GET THE FRESH WRAPPED PRALINES. CHEWY GOOEY GOODNESSSSSSSSSS. And yes..it is literally just sugar, butter and pecans. No complaining about that!
I went to a few candy/praline stores and could only find the freshly made ones here. I like them better then the hard candy/pre-packaged ones! I normally find these kinds of treats way too heavy but I loved it so much I ate one every day I was in Nola!!!
S described it as eating condensed milk. Yum..... :PCute items although there was only one box of sugar free pralines and it was wrapped in a huge gift box alreadyBest place to get pralines in New Orleans. They have a good variety and samples to try! I visit this place every time I'm in New Orleans. If you want prepacked items, please try this place.I come to this store every time I come to New Orleans to visit my daughter to stock up on Jody's Jambalaya mix. It comes in a package and is so DELICIOUS and easy to make at home. It's great to be able to enjoy a little New Orleans magic when back in Massachusetts.Everywhere in New Orleans makes pralines. They're all good, but these are excellent. For both the original and the chewy the grit of the sugar crystals were dissolved. It was rich and smooth and fantastic. I would recommend this company ABOVE EVERY OTHER PRALINE IN NEW ORLEANS.We vacationed in New Orleans at the end of March, Southern people are so kind. We're from California. I kicked myself for not buying the small alligator head for our grandson . I called Royal Praline yesterday, and spoke with Kinsley, she and two other employees, while I was in the phone, packaged the alligator head, and it's on the way to me in California ! What awesome customer service!I had to stop by for praline gifts.  This store is really clean and really large.  They've got every gift you can imagine, including clean gifts not the adult gifts.Great souvenir shop.  A large selection of pralines and other goodies.  A clerk gave me a website and a 20% off coupon to ship.  Clean and convenient.Huge selection, good location. 
Instead of spending time on Bourbon Street during our evening in New Orleans, we had a suggestion to see Royal Street instead. This place had a great selection, and the area was perfect for souvenir shopping--which really just means being reminded of everything a place is known for! Everything we bought was delicious and fresh!L.O.V.E. the New Orleans praline by the Royal Praline Company. The only downside was we didn't buy enough and was craving pralines soon again. I won't make that mistanke again next time I'm in NOLA.My favorite place ever!!! I love shopping here! The workers are amazing! Reasonable prices and amazing tasting products. best of New Orleans!The Pralines a SOOOO good! They also have a huge selection of other yummy stuff and souvenirs.Delicious! I never thought there would be another place that would rival the place I get my pralines from and this place is a close second. Many samples out to taste. The store had an eclectic amount of things in the store. The different amount of candies and other goodies are all worth trying. The chewy praline was my absolutely favorite. If you're in the area, head there and get them a try. You won't be disappointed.Looking for last minutes gifts this is the place. They have everything can give for gifts. Vodoo dolls, coffee, praline.We stopped in here to pick up some last minute treats, as it was super close to our hotel. It's a nice little shop with tons of stuff to pick from. We ended up with caramels, toffee, alligator gummies, alligator jerky and a NOLA tote bag (I needed something to carry extras on our flight). 
Friendly people and there are TONS of choices for sweets and souvenirs. One thing to note: choices are limited for those of us with any kind of nut allergy. Nothing new, but good to know. 
It's right on Royal so stop on in!Nice clean spot to shop for your favorite NOLA candies and gifts. Pecans, chocolates, pralines, gator jerky, and some artwork are in this store. As many others have said, there aren't too many samples but there is a yelp check in for 15% off. Tabasco chocolate is a must share with family back home!Royal Praline is a fun place to stop by in NOLA.  They have all the good souvenirs like praline (of course as the store name says it), caramels, and other candies, postcards, T-shirts, Cafe Du Mond items, and do not forget hot sauce!  Prices are more expensive, obviously than buying at supermarkets, but it is a good place to find sourvenirs from your trip!This is for tourist - one time shopping. Got one chef figure abt 24 inches tall. Store girls offered to wrap with foam and boxes so I thought I could bring back to NYC by plane. The wrapping ended up pretty crappy. It needs some extra work bf I board tomorrow. For praline, you can by on Amazon much cheaper.A cute little store on Royal Street that has an assortment of mostly food items. They specialize in pralines, hence the name, although there are other things such as hot sauces, various dry mixes, and books about New Orleans. We inevitably end up buying something here every time we go to New Orleans. The praline selection is good, prices are average, but sometimes the cashiers can be abrupt to the point of rudeness, which is not a trait you normally find in New Orleans.I am so happy that this was my first experience with a New Orleans classic: the praline! While they don't make any of the pralines right in the shop, you walk in and it just smells of sugar. I feel like after this smell hits my nose, it directly signals my stomach to prepare itself for something sweet and highly caloric. I ran around frantically picking up every praline flavor because I can't decide which I want to try. Out of the several flavors they had, I ended up picking a chocolate one that was just wrapped in saran wrap. I felt that might be better than the pre-packaged ones, and boy was I right!   I hadn't even finished paying for it before I already had it unwrapped.  It was fudgy, nutty, buttery and everything that an authentic praline should be. It also seemed to be a lot thicker than the paper thin ones everyone else seemed to be selling. Throughout my stay I probably tried 4 other places, but nothing was as good as this.  Skip the busier Southern Candy Makers and come here instead for the ones wrapped in saran wrap.  You won't be disappointed.Lots of choices but the people behind the counter were the least friendly I met in my entire trip. Was nice that they gave some free cds with each purchase... nice way of tapping into the community spirit.God I love pralines.  Royal Praline Co. has freshly made pralines which is the only way to buy them.  I do NOT recommend buying prepackaged pralines at the other places around town.  Fresh is the only way to go.
The Royal Praline Co.has a lot more than pralines.  You can get fudge and other items here.Variety of samples, stopped right after New years, plenty of items to check out. They had a sale for Christmas items. The samples were sweeter than the ones we had at cooking school nearby. Parking is somewhat difficult. We parked about 15 minutes away walking distance.This is really deceiving.  I thought the Royal Praline company was a brand that was well known for their pralines.  When you walk in the store, there were shelves and tables with pralines, but all different brands.  No one to help us I wasn't really sure what the difference was.
I was also surprised that they didn't make any there or have a fresh made praline counter.  It seemed everything was bought and just put on their shelves.  If I knew that, I would have gone to a different store down the street and bought them freshThis is a clean souvenir store on Royal Street in the French Quarter.
They specialize in selling different brands of pralines candy. They also have other candy and souvenirs from New Orleans.
A must visit for boxed pralines!Great selection of goods, but severely overpriced.
Nothing really amazing, but fun to poke around and get out of the heat.People behind the counter were polite, nice, helpful, and answered my questions.  Good customer service even though the place had a casual vibe.
The pralines were reasonably priced when compared to other praline/candy shops.  In my opinion, I've had better pralines from other places, like retailers in the outlets that sell pralines.  So, overall, the taste was a yawn for me.Came across this store while walking the streets of NOLA.  Initially I thought Id have a hard time finding souvenir shops around the hotel but this place just stands out from the outside.  From outside looking in, you can see a variety of things (candy, clothes, books, spices etc).  So I went in and noticed there were samples of the praline on top of the boxes being sold.  I liked that the prices were reasonable and actually cheaper than ones I stumbled upon after.  The cashier was reaaally nice and I guess if you spend more than $50 you get a free CD.. Yayy now I have a Mardi Gras remix lol.Must try the samples of pralines and chips it's on fire and out of this world and insert generic term but what's not generic is hey delicious.  Once you're done with the samples in the back is some nice artwork. I like how Nola paints their food instead of taking instagrams of it. Price is in the middle range but a must see for tourists.Stopped in after dinner tonight and picked up a few different types of pralines since I'm on a quest to try every type of praline in New Orleans.They have a wide variety of praline brands which was cool, but they don't make their own. I didn't necessarily mind that they didn't make their own, but if you are looking for a shop that makes their own pralines I wouldn't recommend Royal Praline Company.
I purchased aunt aggie de's creamy pralines, aunt aggie de's chewy pralines, Nanny's chewy pecan caramel, and French quarter candy market original creole pralines. Here are my rankings:
1. Aunt aggie de's creamy pralines
2. French quarter candy market original creole pralines
3. Aunt aggie de's chewy pralines (very caramel-ey)
4. Nanny's chewy pecan caramel (I actually didn't like this one at all-too much caramel and not enough butter/cream)
With that said, I have had better pralines, so none of these were my favorite. That's not to say they didn't taste good (aside from Nanny's chewy pecan caramel which I really didn't like) I just wasn't blown away. I understand that chewy pralines are naturally going to have a stronger caramel taste than the creamy pralines as that's what makes them chewy, but the caramel in the chewy pralines I purchased was just way too overpowering. I personally like the chewy pralines from Roux Royale and Southern Candymakers much better. 
They also sell Aunt Sally's pralines which are always good. I didn't purchase that brand this time since I have tried them already, but I actually like Aunt Sally's better than the praline brands I purchased this time. They also sell other candy which I didn't try, but they do have a great selection. 
Given their selection and the size of the store, I would definitely recommend visiting if you are looking for all different kinds of southern pralines, caramels, candy and more!I wasn't too impressed with this place.  I mean, I love pralines (who doesn't?) but I just didn't find anything I really wanted to buy and take home with me.  I'm sure it's a great spot for those who checked a bag (I did not) and want to stock up on pralines, hot sauces, etc. but for the rest of us it's just okay.  I definitely would have shipped some hot sauce back home but alas, it did not happen.  Maybe next time.Stopped by here during my time in New Orleans and I'm glad I did! The shop has an array of various items. I was able to get some salted caramels here which were pretty good.The lady that work at the store was very antisocial. When I asked her about the different products she seemed to not know anything. We came all the way from Los Angeles to experience Mardi Gras. When I asked for a bag she said she couldn't give me a paper bag because that's all they had left for the rest of the week. I spend over $30 and walked out with a plastic bag that didn't even for my stuff. I'm giving it 3 starts just because the stuff I picked was goodLarge selection of pralines in different kinds of local confectionaries a little on the pricey side but definitely worth the visit to try the local suitesIf you've never had a praline, stop here and try one so you'll get why everyone likes em. If you've had one, you'll know why you'll want to stop here and try more. They have different flavors and the chocolate ones are good but the original ones are still the best.Store has many different varieties of praline. Gift boxes. Bought Creamy Banana foster and salted caramel, both good.Nice place for local souvenirs , candy, t-shirts and novelty items. Prices are very reasonable and they carry a bit of everything. Friendly staff will to jump in and help without asking.I don't mean to make fun of my friends and family but last year everyone in town for my wedding so many of them kept going into Royal Praline store to take free samples. And I mean lots of samples; handfuls of samples. 
The good news though is the stuff is good and some of us actually did buy some things. They have really good pralines as you'd expect but they also have so much more. Like goofy snack stuff like gummy sushi kids which is kinda cute, and they have a lot of types of seasonings, and hats, shirts, glassware and lots of gift type stuff like bottle openers and voodoo dolls. 
If you feel a pinch in your side or it feel like someone is pulling your leg, that might be me pulling your voodoo doll.This place is cute and pretty big! 
Besides the fact that the cashiers looked half asleep and hungover, there was a lot of cute things to browse through here. 
I'm sure there are many other places like this around NOLA, but this was close to our hotel and we needed to get souvenirs and gifts. 
The chocolates were wrapped nicely, and there seemed to be a good variety of options.Hours wrong. Walked 2 miles to find they closed earlier than what's on the door or websitesWalking through the streets of New Orleans and stumbled upon the Royal Praline Company. I didn't realize that praline migrated from from France to New Orleans, so since then, it's something they've been known for.
This store had so much praline and other sweets to choose from. Amongst the edible treats, this store also serves as a gift shop, selling many New Orleans merchandise. I purchased a creamy praline & bacon praline pecans. AMAZING! I've had creamy praline but never bacon praline pecans. As a bacon lover, let me tell you, these things are CRACK! So good!
Definitely check them out when you're in New Orleans.i mean... you can't really do praline wrong, right? they all tasted the same to me lol. they were pretty good though.They really didn't seem very friendly?? I walked around checking things out saw a lot of sweets. When I went to check out I was rushed by an unhappy cashier, I guess service with a smile is uncommon.These pralines are good and the price point is impressive. I got 12 pralines for 17 dollars and they were good quality. I brought the pralines to work and my coworkers really liked them. They also had all kinds of creole cooking products and the prices were pretty good. I enjoyed the dried roux that I bought from them had great flavor and tasted homemade. The pralines are better at other stores though but of course they're more expensive. I would recommend them if you're on a budget.One of many candy stores in New Orleans where you can get the famous pralines. 
Unfortunately they didn't have many samples out, so we ended up buying elsewhere. 
This store has a lot of other trinkets that would appeal to tourists. It's a fun place to shop.Great spot to stop in for Pralines, beignet mix and souvenirs. When you check in on Yelp you get 15% off. I spent probably 30 minutes in the store trying to decide what I wanted, I wanted everything lol. Also, when you checkout they give you a coupon for 20% in store or on line, definitely gonna use that.Lots of treats here. A few sampling area. Definitely for someone with a sweet tooth. 
You will realize that Pralines are born in New Orleans. Lots of brands to choose from and flavors. 
Chocolate choices are huge. Did you know that Tabisco and Chocolate go together? They sure do! A nice sweet kick!
There are a section of cute mugs and magnets.
I recommend shopping here later because with the heat and humidity, these items will definitely melt! 
The cutest think I saw here is a alligator shape chocolate!Royal Praline Company is a one-stop souvenir shop for tourists. My friends and I literally bought 90% of our souvenirs and gifts for family here. They have everything from pralines and Cafe du Monde coffee to shot glasses and umbrellas here. The shop is pretty large and it's easy to kill 20 minutes browsing the shelves for that perfect souvenir item. The staff were nice enough and will make recommendations on the best pralines to get if you ask. And don't be a dummy like me and forget to check in for a sweet 15% off coupon!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2016: #77