Great food, great price. 
Royal Street Deli changed owners about a month ago. No more groceries, just great food. 
My wife happened into RSD for lunch and then insisted we eat there the next day. Boy, am I ever glad she did. 
The tomato and mozzarella salad was extraordinary. The alligator sausage po' boy knocked me off my feet.Food simple delicious and healthy. Cocktail concoctions are the best!This place has some of the most unique food in the Quarter. I've been eat ting here since it opened and the review is on the quality as a whole.
The Alligator poboy is great! I recommend that the highest. When they ask for the side, you have to go with the potato salad. I don't think there is a single bad thing. I've ate everything on the menu at least twice.
Why not 5 stars you ask!? The service is give or take. I've had great service and then meh service. I think now they have a good set of people, but they have had the less than desirable crew there. Go in and try it. One of the best.Apparently central grocery closed at 5.  Led my party to the grocery in the rain.  Found out that it was closed and searched for a nearby place to eat.  Really friendly service.  Got the black and blue.  Really well cookednsteak.  Blue cheese complemented it well.  Bread was ok.  Not too great.  Girlfriend did not like her ahi sandwich but i did.  Incredible mustard sauce.  Went really well wtih the seared ahi.  Good place to grab a  bite and a beer.This was one of our favorite little "dives" to eat at in NOLA.  It was the best!  Fried shrimp po boy, basil tomato soup and the sweet potato fries hit the spot on a cold winter day.  
This place is cool and hippyish and we loved it!  One of the best experiences while there in NOLA.   The prices were just right as well.
Will be returning, so don't go anywhere RSD!I'm not sure how they do it. The quality of ingredients is above the board. The awesomeness of their brie and apple toast made me a brie junkie for weeks, no, make that months. I could never duplicate the sauce they used. (The sneaky suckers.) Then there was the blackened ahi tuna salad. Great quality ahi if ever. Everything was ultra fresh. The presentation on  this trip was great! The pictures on here don't do the justice deserved for that. I often forget to take pictures at high points in my life, we just ate. (Maybe I'm not alone.) The interior is dark in a bohemian way. If you need a reminder that you're still in New Orleans, it's there.Really friendly spot.  I had the blackened ahi tuna salad, which was excellent.  The tuna was seared perfectly and the spices were tastey but not at all overwhelming.  The salad part was fresh greens, along with an array of yummy things like avocado, beans, thin chips, an excellent light dressing, and some other items.  Definitely a good deal for $12.Awesome andouille po' boy! Fries were good too. Funky location.I am a current visitor of New Orleans, but have never stopped in Royal Street Deli until the other day. I absolutely loved the interior! The atmosphere was quirky and the staff was great! I had a shrimp poboy that was delicious. One of the best I have had in New Orleans! My very friendly curly haired waitress was very prompt in serving me and I never had to wait for a refill or anything. That is hard to find in New Orleans. Over all, Royal Street Deli is a great place to go for a relaxing, tasty, and affordable lunch. The staff was pleasant and the atmosphere was exactly what I was looking for. I can't wait to come back to New Orleans and try Royal Street for dinner!Best damn chicken salad sandwich ever the andoulle sausage PO boy needed some fresh veggies to compliment it. Other than that a spectacular environment mixed with tons of culture giving a sort of Bollywood meets spiritual awakening vibe. Will visit again!I went in May 2010. The place looked neat, small and had good reviews on Yelp. I went for lunch and got the Bleu Steak Sandwich and it was great. My Girlfriend loved it as well. I would suggest checking the hours as I tried to go back and it was closed early. Most stuff in NOLA seems to be that way.Fantastic sandwiches, great staff and a friendly place on the corner!  A friend and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat: creative sandwiches (sun dried/ goat cheese/ pesto turkey gouda) friendly staff in that no rush feel.  potato salad of a mix of sweet potato, russet with a spicy blend topped it off.  This is one of those hidden treasures that is easy to walk by that the locals know about and the tourists miss.  Only down side is no slushy drinks on the menu and no fountain sodas but no wait on a convention weekend and great food and great service.  I'd come back here.Really weird decor. Like, half Irish bar, half commune? I can't explain it. However, don't let that detract you from the deliciousness that is contained inside. I came in for a snack, and was pleased to see cucumber water on the menu. Seriously refreshing and tasty! 
The girl behind the counter was nice, and waited on us. We were super thirsty, and our cups were filled almost as soon as we emptied them. 
I got the guacamole, husband got sweet potato fries. Both were out quickly, and I gotta tell you, the guacamole was amazing. Not like anything I have ever eaten, because it wasn't mashed. Just chopped up. Very fresh and seasoned well with lemon, etc. Fries were OK, and honestly, the portion was insane. We didn't finsh them, due to the portion size and lack of flavor.
I will come back to eat again, since the staff is vegetarian friendly. They also deliver, which is great when you're too hungover to move! I love the laid back atmosphere, and how it doesn't seem like a usualy New Orleans hole, it has youthful character and charm.I went for breakfast and had some tasty oatmeal with fresh fruit, but the veggie omelet was filled with near-raw carrot and broccoli pieces - not very appetizing. I think I was there on a bad day - I heard some arguing in the back. 
On a positive note, at the table next to me, they had some tasty-looking salads that they said they really liked. Also, it's cozy inside, and the waitress was super friendly.Good lunch spot: shrimp po-boy and tomato-avocado sandwiches were good choices, as were the sweet potato fries. For dessert, peanut butter-banana-honey sandwich on wheat, split in half to share of course. The place is small, fills up quickly, and does run out of things, including some brands of beer, on occasion. Yes, they do serve beer and coolers, some on tap.Absolutely amazing.  The best potato salad in the world.  Delicious hambergers and sandwhichesI only came here because it was a Sunday evening and many places were already closed. Had the roast beef po' boy as they were out of gator sausage. I could have had the same sandwich at Arby's for 5 bucks instead of 12. The potato salad tasted like it had raisins in it (yuck). The food was fresh but really not anything special. Where I sat had a good view of part of the kitchen. I tried not to peer in there too much. It looked dirty. I won't go here again.I was having one of those days where I didn't want to leave the house until sundown..so I fumbled around some menus and found a funky hand drawn black & white one for this place. 
They DELIVER. 
Not only that but they deliver the most delicious food using fresh ingredients. I am a super picky eater but I found several things I wanted to try here. I started with the goat cheese/spinach/strawberry salad YUM. I can not wait to eat here again.Caught this place walking by and checked out the menu on the window.  My boyfriend was a bit skeptical at first about ducking in.  
Service was great, food was great and unique.  
Bleu Steak Sandwich and Fried Chicken salad.  Only disappointments were that the grape chicken salad was not available and that there was no avocado on the fried chicken salad like the menu said.  Dressing on the salad was a creole mustard and was to die for!!
Wanted to go back and tried to, but we tried to go around 11 and nothing in New Orleans seems to open before noon!Cute little place with an adorable and sweet server. it's super colorful and cheery in here - you can't help but be happy! The menu is pretty small but they have so many things that look good, that it doesn't matter. I had turkey, avocado and goat cheese spread on a croissant and my boyfriend had a blackened salmon sandwich. both were delicious! I'd definitely go back if I were here longer and try some other things.we stopped at the royal street deli for some lunch after walking around the french quarter during the week of jazz fest.  i wholeheartedly agree with the review by ryan l.
the bar/restaurant is very mellow/relaxed.  they played a lot of beetles, and the wait staff was kind of hippy/grunge with piercings and tattoos.  it's a great place to chill.
the food was OK and over-priced.  we had po' boy sandwiches (catfish and shrimp), which were average.  the french bread didn't seem so fresh, and the side (sweet potato salad) tasted more like horseradish salad; where was the sweet potato!?!
there is only one bathroom with no hot water; can you say hepatitis?
in summary, this bar is a great place to drink and relax with friends.  it has lots of views of royal street for people watching, but i would probably not eat there again if i had a choice.This place is not a deli but a small "hippy" style restaurant. I got the steak sandwich and it was delisious! Wife got the grilled chese & tomatoe and enjoyed it. They also offer vegeterian & vegan dishes for those who are interested. I have to say the best part was the service and atmoshere, very relaxed and our server was sweet, imformative and great to deal with, dont remember her name but she if origanally from canada. The only con would be food taking a little time due to it being a small kitchen restaurant. Oh yeh beware-cash only but listed on door and inside.Vegetarians in New Orleans-- gather round and rejoice for you shall not starve in the city. Nay, you shall eat well and go home full!
The owners of Royal Deli have put thought into each sandwich-- the veggie sandwich in particular is flavorful and filling with gouda, provolone, and FRESH vegetables -- a po'boy for a vegetarian king. or queen. or hungry grumpy girl after work. whatever. 
when your friends all yell "let's go eat crawfish" and you try and quell your loudly growling stomach, think of royal deli and suggest that instead.
oh, they have meat options-- many in fact. so your friends who complain about your vegetarianism out of earshot will shut it.  i promise.It's a quirky little place with decent food and good service, though maybe just a little on the pricey side for deli style food. We were in and out quickly, which makes it a great option for lunch on the go.Great service and food but they were out of catfish and shrimp for the Po Boys. Recommended!this place is awesome...they need to change the name of this restaurant b/c its not like a deli at all. we stopped to look at the menu outside and the specials were portebello mushroom burger, spinach salad with pumpkin jalapeno dressing and tomato basil soup....we got all of it and loved it. my kids ate everything all up as well. toatally unexpected and super quaint and not so heavy and rich like all the other food in the quarter. LOVE. will visit again.I was thrilled when they opened and I first got one of their menus, and we got delivery from them at least once a week for months. Good food, decent prices, and unlike many of the "delis" around here, they actually have a decent selection of lighter fare. They get a big thumbs up from me for actually having pretty, ripe and tasty tomatoes consistently- I can't think of anywhere else I could say that about. 
That being said, I don't order delivery from them any more. Unfortunately, though the food is still good, they have too many errors on orders and it's driven me away. From forgetting drinks to forgetting condiments or sending the wrong ones- it got old. I'm not easily upset by these things, but in addition to many mistakes on deliveries in the past, they've messed up my last 3 orders badly enough to make me say "no more."Honestly, I am surprised that this placed scored as well as it did. The service was slow and disorganized. There were dirty dishes on every empty table. Food wasn't bad but nothing special. Not worth the price. Maybe some Yelp reviewers have confused it with the Royal Street Grocery?This is a new establishment that replaced um . . . I don't quite recall what it was formerly called as I never dined there, but new owners and a new menu is now in place.
It's still the same general set-up . . . intimate eating area to your right when you walk in, stools at the counter and behind the counter - the kitchen, but the new owners have updated the decor a little bit.  It's a little hipper now and a splash more colorful and less eerie.
I ate there within a week (or two) of it's opening and shared the Veggie Sandwich, but had it vegan style.  
The cashier/waiter and cook were especially inquisitive of my veganism when I had visited a week earlier and boasted of vegan options and incoming vegan options.  They finally started distributing the menu and it seems that there really isn't much in terms of vegan options, with the exception of three items, but they're a barely fledgling store so I suppose whether or not they expand their menu is contingent on how much success they receive.
Anyway the Veggie Sandwich was actually pretty darn delicious - even without the goat cheese spread and provolone.  I've had many veggie sandwiches in my time and naturally you can assume that many of them have been bland and have resembled nothing more than a basic salad shoved into bread pieces (Subway's Veggie Delite, I am looking at you), but I guess it was the basil basalmic vinaigrette that did the trick because I actually enjoyed the sandwich.
The chef was also nice enough to send us a complimentary side of chickpea salad that was quite tasty.  
A small variety of beers are available for you to purchase to enjoy with your meal and allegedly they will carry liquors soon.
This place only serves salads, sandwiches (although a nice variety of both, judging from the menu), and a handful of appetizers - definitely a nice little lunch-break place for tourists and nearby workers.  
So far so good . . . will probably go back one of these daysWell it was 4 pm and my favorite po boy shop was already closed, but i was in the mood for a roast beef po boy. I see this shop and decide to try it
when i put down 15$ on the ridiculous $14 price, the waiter divides it and puts the rest in the tipjar, not giving me the change. 
When I started to eat it, I find that almost half of the roastbeef is just pieces of fat they stuck in it, with every bite i had to reach into my mouth to pull out pieces of the chewy stuff.
Although this was the only plate i tried from them, I would never go there again.Well if I ever have nasal congestion I know exactly where to come! Let me explain. I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy. Before I got the sandwich up the way up to my mouth I got a whiff of the over-doused Dijon mustard and after my first bite, omg was my nose burning!! I shouldn't be in pain when I eat, only after I eat, if I consume too much. The shrimp were over fried, and they're were not enough of them either for what they charged for that sandwich. Ugh! 
I actually did really like the interior though. A cozy place, with a chill atmosphere. I'm also pretty sure that the staff were all stoned too, ha ha. If not blazing while at work they blazed up just before their shift and I'm witnessing intoxication while at the workplace, ha ha. I just thought that was funny actually. Yeah, a definite pass on this place, which kind of sucks because the location is very cute, but deceiving!! This was definitely the worst meal I had in NOLA during my recent visit.Great Place! The "Black and Bleu" po' boy is amazing. Devon is an amazing chef. Great owners and just a warm fuzzy place which draws a unique, fun, and happy crowd.we all know the feeling where we touch down from an airplane, find that we've arrived in town a little too late to hit some recommended hot spots that were on the "to do" list, and just want a good impression of the city that we have just invaded. yesterday, i had the pleasure of stumbling upon the royal street deli, where with the look of the store front itself,  i couldn't help but trust their ability to produce a good example of new orlean's famous po-boy sandwich. 
the shop itself is clean, sporting a refrigerator full of soft drinks, and other staples, a few shelves of standard grocery market canned goods, and then behind the counter a few more things that i know i could not live without (crystal hot sauce). the beauty of the shop, however, is a handwritten sign out front calling people off of royal street to sample a few different plates of seafood, and a whole slew of po-boy combinations. when i see a store, labeled as a deli, with such a sign, i dive right in. 
we ordered a half-half po boy of fried shrimp and fried oysters. a few minutes after sitting down at one of the four tables in the little store, we were served up what was a very large po-boy, cut right down the middle in what looked like two separate 6" subs. great fried shrimp and fried oysters, topped with lettuce and ripe tomatoes (at least riper than what i can get around this time of year back home), as well as mayonnaise and plenty of hot sauce. each fried bit of seafood was well cooked, with a delicious light batter, and the sandwich itself had just enough meat, but not so much that it was difficult to eat. ps. you'll still need some napkins. this is not a dainty affair. 
now i'm sure there are tons of great po-boys you can get around town. but i think maybe you guys should give this little place a try. partially because the lady at the counter is incredibly nice, as was the gentleman who seemed to be going back and forth between front of the store and their kitchen. they offered a great first impression of the friendly people of new orleans, and the food that could be found at local (off of bourbon street) joints throughout the city and in this case, the french quarter. i'd swing by royal street deli if you have a chance, and see for yourself.I don't write many reviews but this place saved me from eating hell in Nola. If u need to escape all the over fried and 'we put meat in everything' this place is awesome!! Lots of vegetarian options. Small and really friendly service. Never a long wait for food.The place was cute and the food good, but the service was rather lax.  None of these things were really a big deal when considered individually, but all together they pushed me past sighing and head-shaking and into eye-rolling territory.
1.  They didn't bring enough menus for our group of nine, so we had to share.
2.  I was waiting to use the single restroom, and one of the kitchen staff butted in front of me.
3.  The food took f o r e v e r to come out.
4.  I ordered my salad with dressing on the side.  There was no dressing.
5.  My vegetarian friend ordered his red beans and rice without the alligator.  There was alligator.
Definitely eat here if you're in the French Quarter and want something a little more calm and indie--but only if you have a high tolerance for slow service and small annoyances.Had the veggie sandwich with sweet potato fries - great!  Husband had the salmon sandwich and it was terrific!!Glad to have found this place on Yelp after coming to Jackson Square for lunch and a bit of street shopping... Cute and low-key with lots of locals in and out. Many items on the menu seemed unique and tempting, such as the brie & apple toast or the coconut shrimp app. 
I ended up with the chicken salad croissant, made with toasted coconut, grapes and walnuts, which ended up being some of the best chicken salad I have ever had. And I LOVE chicken salad.
My hubs enjoyed his shrimp po-boy... Both my son and I snagged the little  shrimps that fell out of his bread :) Delish with the sauce.
Staff was nice, too, although did forget our request to sub sweet fries, and then brought us french fries instead... Agree with the others about the sweet potato salad... Bummer.
Would definitely recommend for something inexpensive and off the tourist path.This place was a bit of a shock to me. Thinking it was a straight up deli, I was delighted that it was more of a coffee shop with a somewhat strange and eclectic menu than a place with a counter and lunch meats. My friends and I split a few things and everything was really good. Nothing was super heavy or overly filling, so probably not the place to go if you're absolutely starving.
The staff was super nice to us, but then again, everyone I've ever run into in New Orleans has been absolutely spectacular.
Definitely a great spot to sneak in for a break from the heat or for a quick bite after wandering around the French Quarter.Found this little spot by accident and so glad we did! Good prices and fresh, (relatively) healthy food. Nice staff and a local, hipster vibe.Had their steak sandwich with the sweet potato salad(potato salad made with sweet potatoes) both very good. Great atmosphere and staff with quick and friendly service. Definitely recommend a visit. This is in the FQ so if you want to dine in the best days would be "off days". Fortunately for those on "days", they deliver. Oh yea, "Be nice or leave"Noooooooooo! Closed? I am coming to visit in a month and have been dreaming about that steak sandwich.Artsy funky fun sandwich shop with good food. Nice staff.Steak sandwich was nothing short of amazing. Got sent here on a recommendation from a shop owner. Great drinks awesome food great ambiance. Highly recommended for a great cheap bite to eatCool little hippy joint. Tasty bread pudding, cute server. She was way nice. Wish they had Guiness though. Cool place for an afternoon pre-night out salad and cocktail. Very accommodating.Excellent little corner cafe. Stopped by for an early lunch. Ended up splitting the fried chicken salad and turkey croissant sandwich.  Both were delish.  The salad was perfectly dressed with a fresh honey Dijon dressing. Crispy homemade fried chicken strips over filed greens.  Then onto the sandwich.  Turkey, bacon, avocado and lettuce with a tomato basil goat cheese spread.  The spread was the star of the sandwich.  Not really a fan of goat cheese, but this could be a turning point. Washed it sown with a Turbodog.  YumComing from SF it's hard to find places that match the flavor and funkiness that we're always looking for and in the touristy areas especially. 
But we are satiated!!
We had an amazing seared ahi tuna salad and I had the local fav alligator po-boy sandwich w sweet potato salad. 
The alligator sausage is home made and delicious.  My wife said that salad was the best she ever had - big words coming from a health food "freak". 
The place is funky with a mismatched furniture, a lot of SF peace signs and a big quan-yin stature - you get the picture. 
The motto of the place is  "be nice or leave" and everyone is. Service was great the beer cold and the locals drift in - always a great measure of authenticity. 
So when you need a respite of the crazed drunken folks and a great affordable meal this is the spot!Love this place! Recommend for a casual meal! Eat here every time I have a chance!!As soon as I walked past this place, I made a mental note to stop in, as its slightly dark and comfy interior looked irresistible. I didn't even need to look at the menu (but when I did, I was glad to see several veg options). 
Don't let the name fool you. The vibe is far more cozy/quirky coffeehouse than deli, which is of course something I totally la la love! Sit at a table or sit on a couch, admire the robotic/sci-fi sculptures/lights that are scattered throughout the place. The service is extra-friendly (our waitress was adorable and we had her two days in a row).
And the food. Expect monstrous portions! I had a veggie sandwich and managed about half of it. Crammed with the most fresh & crisp lettuce, carrots, sprouts (I think) and cucumbers (possibly more that I'm forgetting), topped off with provolone and avocado and a side of fries. It was just what I needed that evening (and the leftovers came to my rescue 6 drunken hours later). My guy had the shrimp po boy and it came with a massive mound of fried shrimp. He seemed intimidated at first, but managed to conquer it.
Royal Street Deli is the kind of place that you wish existed within walking distance of your home so you have access to scrumptious deli-esque food late into the night, whether dining in the super cute restaurant or grabbing something to go.Awesome vegan and non-vegan options.  Good prices in the Quarter.  Super relaxed fun atmosphere.  Very charming staff.  Great drinks too.I wish I could give this place 0 stars. A group of grilfriends and I ate here on a recommendation from a tour guide we had on the Voodoo tour. BIG MISTAKE. We were treated very rudely and I would go as far as to say, two male employees harassed our group.
After dinner we were outside smoking, waiting for a friend to use the restroom when 2 employees came outside and started saying things like,
"$8 tip on a $75 tab? Why don't you pay your bartender a better tip? You need to give a better tip to use the bathroom. You should just move on. Get out of here. Your friend in the bathroom? She must be taking a fat dump. She must really be pushing one out in there . . " It really goes on and on.
First of all, we had no idea what they were talking about. Our group was split into 2 tables and we all decided to pay $3 a person for tip which for my group of 6 would have been more than 20% tip. 
We didn't know who they were talking to, and when it became clear they were talking to us, we were dumbfounded. Who were these guys? Our server was a woman.
We walked away feeling disrespected and bullied. Obviously these 2 guys are going to talk like that to a group of women who they feel no threat from. We may have not left enough money but it was an honest mistake. Probably someone miscounted the money.
However, their behavior was intentionally crude and rude. 
Specifically to the 2 employees who harassed us, HERES A TIP:
Maybe with a better attitude you would have a better life.
Here's a tip for everyone else: DON'T EAT AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT.THIS PLACE WAS TERRIBLE! Very dirty, horribly slow service, and our waitress was noticeably drunk. They got the food order wrong and we waited an hour for the new food, which was burnt, and it wasn't even busy. I would never go there again. If I could give it less then one star I would.This was a quaint, eclectic place with really good food! I had the alligator po'boy, which was delicious. 
After walking the streets trying to find a place to eat, my boyfriend and I came across the Royal Street Deli, and what a pleasant surprise! I highly recommend this restaurant for smaller parties (it is a small restaurant).I went into this place for lunch on Mardi Gras.  It's one of those "order at the bar" type places.  There are no menus, just two huge boards over the bar.  It's a limited menu though, so that's not a problem.  Where there are lots of people there though, as there were on Mardi Gras, getting in line to order, pay, or even go to the bathroom was a huge hassle.  
The food was decent, but nothing spectacular.  I had a gator po'boy that was tasty enough.  I was disappointed a bit though because typically a gator po'boy includes chunks of fried alligator, but here it was made with alligator sausage, which does not give the same flavor or texture I was anticipating when I ordered it.  
But this is a fine place to stop by for a quick bite and I can safely say it isn't one of those tourist trap type places you may find in the French Quarter that inflate prices and provide subpar food.Thought I was going to be in for a real treat based on other Yelp reviews. Picked this place out on Yelp for Android as I walked down Royal Street. Peeked at the menu at the door and decided to give it a go. It's wasn't awful, but there were some issues. 
First the good:
1. Friendly server. A bit out of it, but friendly nonetheless. 
2. Nice, relaxing atmosphere with a funky, grungy, comfy sort of feel.
3. Nice corner location with lots of windows for people watching.
4. The garlic marinated beef in the black & bleu sandwich was very tender and very tasty.
Now for the issues:
1. Ordered the black and bleu sandwich, as mentioned above. I love bleu cheese. I know bleu cheese. In a previous life, I think I was bleu cheese. And this, my friends, was not bleu cheese on my sandwich. Maybe it was soft goat cheese or Boursin, but definitely not bleu and so that was a big disappointment. Truth in advertising or full disclosure counts for a lot with me.
2. Kind of expensive. $12 for a sandwich and a scoop of potato salad all served in a plastic basket with a plastic cup for water? Really?
3. Big no-no: The washroom had only cold water, no hot. This creeps me out tremendously if food handling staff are using these to do their business and then have no hot water to wash up.
4. Sweet potato salad is an interesting concept ... just wish I could have tasted some sweet potato. The overriding flavor here was horseradish. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of horseradish, but that's the only flavor that came through on this. 
5. Bad memory creates bad memories. My server, while nice (noted above) had to ask three times what I had ordered. It wasn't that busy, either. Then she asked if I wanted a copy of the credit card slip, to which I said, "No." Guess what she brought me. Not a big deal, just a slight irritation.It's been a blustery day and night, cold enough to complain a little, but knowing what the rest of the country has for weather, I'd be a real whiner if I did, so I'll just say I was looking for someplace comfortable to eat and warm up tonight. It was a toss-up between a steak or a sandwich, so I looked on Yelp for both and was lured to the Royal Street location. Not crowded, but nothing was at the time I wandered over. A comfortable-looking place, tables and chairs set amongst interesting artwork, candles, good music, and all of it overseen by a waitress with a smile. Good to go.
Carrie, the waitress with a smile, recommended the Black and Bleu Steak Sandwich, so I was getting the perfect blend to satisfy my hunger. It was a good choice. Blackened garlic marinated tenderloin steak, spinach, grapes, onions, roasted peppers, balsamic dressing, and some tasty bleu cheese on french bread with a side of some sweet potato salad. Don't hold me to that ingredients list, but I hope I'm close. It was a great blend of flavors in a sandwiich too large to pick up and eat with my hands. So, I got out my tractor and scooped it up with a back-hoe. Just kidding - I ate it with a fork. The steak was nicely done and the other ingredients were a delcious combination of flavors and freshness. I accompanied the food with a just-right cup of coffee and a couple of Abita Ambers.
In between taking care of other customers, Carrie was charming company for my meal, which is nice to find when eating solo on a business trip. In addition to dinner, I was looking for a sweater or something to add a layer to my wardrobe. Was this the right place to go? Absolutely! When I walked out, I had warmth in my stomach from the food, warmth in my heart from the company, and a hooded sweatshirt with 'Royal Street Deli' on the front and 'Peace Love Food' on the back. 
Thanks, Royal Street Deli and Thanks, Yelp reviewers.Not all its hyped up to be, food was okay but we won't be going backLord have mercy, I hope this ain't the lil' spot on the corner of Santa Ana and Royal.
We'd just helped my step-daughter back to her apartment on Pauger after Katrina and I did a walkabout. Very little was up and running that November but that lilttle deli was hopping.
I stopped into the place to grab a water and decided to have lunch instead.
Asked the cook what was good, he said the New Orleans style po'boy. I told him I'd like one just like he'd order one.
I grabbed an Albita beer from the cooler and a bag of Zapps and settled in next to the local postman watching Tulane playing on the small tele in the corner.
My best memory of New Orleans November 2005.I never really liked Royal Street Grocery much. It was fairly cheap, but they let a cat live inside the building and I ended up getting a Shrimp Po boy with extra cat hair in the paper.
I don't like this new place much either. It tries to be hip and cool but comes off Hipster. The food is just ok (I've been twice on business). The prices are a bit high for the lack of quality.
Not my thing, I guess.Casual dining at it's best!!!! 
Awesome food, bohemian artist atmosphere
Food selection is not thoughtless; it is very well thought-out. There is something for everyone, and not just the normal american or cajun dishes you see everywhere. 
We go to NOLA several times a month to eat and usually at little "hole-in-the wall" places and this is definitely one that we will visit repeatedly and tell our friends about.I went on a weekday afternoon for lunch and ordered an andouille sausage poboy with remoulade sauce and "sautéed" peppers and onions. The peppers were burnt and the remoulade tasted off and was bitter.  Also it was served on a hoagie roll. You normally see that kind of thing outside of New Orleans by wannabes.  I sent it back and the cook told me the peppers were "caramelized" and was insulted that I questioned her sandwich.  She reluctantly remade my sandwich and put the peppers and onions on raw. This place is disgusting and overpriced. Do not waste your money. They have no idea how to cook or construct a proper New Orleans meal.Real hippie vibe. Nice quiet atmosphere. Ordered the homemade chips with guacamole and salsa and the turkey croissant with sweet potato fries. For starters the chips are awesome. If nothing else was that amazing the place would have gotten 4 stars. The guacamole and salsa are some of the best I have ever eaten. Instead of it being a mashed up dip each slice of avocado was chopped and 
mixed with cilantro and tomato and beans and yellow peppers and oh it was delicious. The turkey croissant had bacon and avocado and was so fresh. Then the thing that made this a perfect experience was the sweet potato fries. Alone or dipped in ketchup they are amazing. The mixture of the food and the service made this a pleasant and all together enjoyable experience. I thoroughly enjoyed Royal Street Deli and would recommend it to anyone.Fantastic sandwiches.  great change of pace from the French Quarter.  Small seating area.Funky place; good food; good folks.
Definitely a hang for the local Earth Mama/ Hippy Chick crowd. It reminded me a bit  of being in a food camp at Rainbow Gathering. GLBT (and everything else) -friendly.
That being said; some things that you deal with at Hippy Camp are not cool in a public restaurant; and I had some doubts about the overall cleanliness of the place. The bathroom was in bad shape on the day I was there.
The shrimp po' boy was good; but this probably wouldn't be my first choice for food.
Good for a beer, and a hang.I frequently walk by here, and almost just as frequently order from here. That being said, it's not REALLY a deli. It's a great lunch joint, though - that's for sure.
Location:
Positioned conveniently on the corner of St. Ann and Royal, this makes a good stop for a quality, not-too-pricey lunch before, during or after gallery shopping and French Quarter sight-seeing. It's an easy walk anywhere in the Quarter, or if you are coming from uptown, there are always parking spots on Royal before the area they close it down during the day. 
Food:
Their menu is hand-drawn, but don't let that fool you - it's all pretty amazing. The food selection is diverse and innovative for a tiny little lunch joint. 
A favorite starter is the Apple-Brie toast: Pieces of french bread topped with generous slices of brie and apple-slaw, which is apple pieces slathered in a spicy honey mustard mixed with raisins. They have a sandwich version of this that adds ham to the equation. 
Favorite sandwiches include the salmon-pineapple-dill, black-n-bleu burger and the tuna... Add sweet potato fries, which are perfectly fried and "just rightly" seasoned. 
Eating light? I love the spinach, strawberry and goat-cheese salad with vinaigrette. It's a great combination of flavors and textures that gets the greens in. 
Atmosphere:
It's a quirky little hole-in-wall, neighborhood place with a limited bar selection. But they sometimes have sangria, which is always tasty. It looks dingy, but it's more of a charming character trait. There are always characters in here (sometimes even the PIrate dude). 
While I love-love-love the menu and the quirky-coziness of the place, the staff can be somewhat obnoxious, gossipy and non-attentive. I don't need to hear about how your frenemy got a boob job and how good or bad it looks - I'm eating...
Overall, this is one of my favorite places in the Quarter that's tucked away from the hustle-bustle of other busy restaurants.
Affordable
Delish
Quirky
Coca-Cola in glass bottles! Yum...Mellow, laid-back vibe.  Good fresh food.
I was looking for something simple that is not fried-- perfect place!  Had the veggie sandwich with sweet potatoe fries (ok, so I cheated!)  They also have a nice selection of fresh green salads.
Loved the iced lemongrass ginger tea-- very refeshing.
Staff was super friendly- everyone was in a relaxed, post mardi-gras mood-- perfect place for chilling!We stopped in this cozy little joint for a beer and didn't leave until 5 hours later.  The staff is very friendly and accomodating.  The black and blu steak sandwich is TO DIE FOR and I still have a craving for it.  Good food, good drinks, good times.Went for lunch here today and  couldn't have been more satisfied. Loved the colorful, funky, eclectic atmosphere and the cheerful service, but the food is was the most pleasant surprise. It was fantastic! The tomato basil soup was stellar as were the black & bleu steak salad and the blackened ahi tuna salad. Creative food and presentation that was totally unexpected. Will definitely be going back!Just had the chicken salad croissant and the bread was very burnt.  Don't get the croissant toasted.  Otherwise good.On a recent trip to New Orleans, my wife and I stopped in here to grab a quick lunch.  We did not expect to fall in love with a small, inexpensive deli with all we had heard about food in New Orleans.  But fall we did, and we fell hard. 
We actually went there twice in our week long trip.  Highlights are below:
Ahi Tuna Sandwich
Strawberry and Goat Cheese Salad (I got it with Salmon)
Ham and Brie Sandwich
Homemade Chips and Guacamole - Maybe the best!
Lowlights:
Shrimp Po' Boy (Not bad, just realized there that I am not a Po' Boy fan)
Try going during the end of your trip, or you will go twice.