I love this place. It is a small New Orlean's shotgun house with awesome food and strong drinks.
We had 4 appetizers. My favorites: mussels, pate and bone marrow. The Rissotto appetizer was not very good, it was too milky for me.
The fried cupcakes are a must!!Food was serviceable at best.  If you're going to pay upwards of $30 an entree, it should be outstanding.  Both of our entrees -- the rabbit pot pie and the short ribs -- fell waaaay short.  Gumbo was decent, though.  Muscles and app and the "s'mores" desert could have come from TGIF just as much as they could have from Rue 127.  In other words, way short of gourmet dining.  
Also, the service was curt at best.  Here's your table, here's your menu, here's your food, here's your check.  Same thing as above -- when you come to a restaurant in this price range, service is almost as much a part of the meal as the food.  Service was definitely lacking.This place is awesome!  I ordered a Moscow Mule although it's not on the menu because I noticed they had house made ginger beer. it was excellent. 
The roasted chicken was the juiciest chicken I've ever eaten.  Brussels sprouts were delicious.  And OMG, the mac n cheese was to die for.
The others in my party all loved their dishes, too which included the pork chop, scallops, and the fish (don't remember the name of the type of fish).
The desserts were amazing also. We shared the pumpkin trifle (WOW) and the sticky toffee pudding. 
Make sure to get reservations as it's very small.  Great service and great atmosphere also!Cute, little restaurant hidden between two bigger buildings. Rue 127 looked to be a restaurant located inside of a house. The appetizers were small but delicious. I tried the beet salad, mussels, pate, and bone marrow (get this!). I ordered the pork chop for my entree, which was another great choice. The pork chop was juicy and seared to perfection. The sweet glaze on the pork chop complimented the side dishes well. The hominy spoon bread side dish tasted like corn grits, creamy and sweet. The black eyed peas hoppin John side was surprisingly tasty as well. The restaurant was a bit humid for my liking and sitting right next to the kitchen made it a bit intense. Service was a bit slow for it being a small restaurant. Other than that, the food was great, and I would definitely come back for the pork chop and to try their desserts!I'm pretty stingy with my stars but this place earned it! An old house converted into an adorable cozy restaurant.  The food was incredible! Absolutely everything was artfully prepared with a perfect balance of flavors. I went with a group. We spent 3 hours eating and sampled a wide array of items from the menu. Standouts for me: fried bacon and blue cheese stuffed olives, candied jalapeño corn bread bites, the gumbo, the short ribs, and (I forget the exact name) the sticky something... A marriage of bread pudding, coffee cake, and creme brûlée... Heavenly!
The service was also amazing which is tough to find down here in the south where everything moves so painfully slow (for us out-of-towners). I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!Armed with a restaurant.com gift certificate and the boy in tow, we decided to celebrate our one year anniversary at Rue 127. I'm sure glad we did! I had been wanting to give the new mid-city "bistro" a try since it opened over a year ago but it never seemed to pan out. We had an 8:30 reservation and were seated immediately even though the restaurant was otherwise crowded. 
The exterior of the restaurant sets the mood for what you're about to walk into. A traditional shotgun house turned into a five star restaurant. Let me tell you, this is what mid-city has been missing! You're greeted by the hostess and a cute corner bar.
We were seated in the main dining area where seating is very close. A server attending to table around us kept bumping into the boy. It continued to happen throughout dinner and became a bit annoying but he was a good sport about it. There is a large window separating the kitchen from the dining area and watching the chefs prepare the food is always a treat! 
We started with cocktails from their house list. They do ask that you be patient as the handcrafted drinks may take some additional time. It was worth the wait! For appetizers we had the oxtail pasta which had a very familiar taste to it. I couldn't pinpoint it but it was gourmet comfort food at it's finest. I also had the butter lettuce salad with candied pecans, fresh grated cheese and a delicious vinaigrette. The perfect start to the meal to come. 
The boy ordered the Pork Chop which had a delicious glaze and was cooked to perfection. I had the scallops, and let me say this: Get. The. Scallops. They were melt in your mouth delicious, seasoned perfectly (you'd be surprised how often I've received unseasoned scallops at some nicer restaurants in the city *cough* MILA *cough*) served with creamed potatoes and some caramelized root vegetables. Do not share these. Eat. Devour. Enjoy.
With our entrees we decided to go for a wine pairing and left the option up to our server who very nicely informed us that the chef would select the wine pair. Wow. A chef who knows his stuff. I like. The scallops were paired with a sweet crisp blanc and the pork chop with a cab. Both were perfect. The cab had a nice caramel undertone that paired well with the glaze on the pork chops. Excellent.
Chocolate tart for dessert wasn't my favorite but I was perfectly happy with my cup of coffee! The boy enjoyed the tart and that is good enough for me.
I will be back soon. I will be back often. I will force everyone I know and love into this world of deliciousness!My husband and I had a wonderful meal at Rue127.  We had an early reservation (6:00 PM) and had no trouble finding street parking.  The restaurant has an inviting yet private atmosphere.  Not too fancy, not too casual. They do have some outdoor seating which would be nice in warmer weather.  We sat inside at a small table in a separate hallway. Private, quiet, and romantic.  Perfect for our date night.
The food was amazing! The chefs did a wonderful job preparing and presenting our meal. I had the duck confit and it just melted off the bone.  Salty and very delicious with just the right amount of winter vegetables; butternut squash, brussels sprouts, and a few pomegranate seeds that provide that little zip of sweetness to this hearty dish.  My husband had the scallops, which were buttery and melted in your mouth.  
For dessert:  the fried cupcakes!  When you bite into one, they remind you of birthdays and carnivals.  It is like eating a slice of birthday cake and funnel cake at the same time.  The dessert was fun and the meal was delicious! Overall, a memorable experience.Yum, Yum and Yum! What a lovely little restaurant. On our recent visit a waitress at Liuzza's recommended this gem of a place and we decided to give it a try. 
We were seated outside which I at first thought I would mind but it turned put to be a wise choice--it was a balmy night and the traffic noise was subdued; plus we got to see the streetcar pass by every once in a while. 
The staff was friendly, especially Ashley the hostess and Sophie our server. The food was excellent: I had the salad and pork chop and my husband had a gumbo starter and then a beef dish. Both were excellent. The wine list wasn't the most extensive, but what we ordered was perfect. What also impressed me was the dessert selection. Though I didn't try the deep fried cupcakes that everyone raves about I did opt for the pecan tart. And since I'm an after dinner tea drinker I REALLY appreciated the varied selection of teas, which I've not seen anywhere else. 
And....um....you gotta check out the restrooms amenities: dental floss anyone?The inside is beautiful and I can't wait for warm weather to enjoy the outside.  Initially, I was a little disappointed that they didn't have a specialty cocktail list but I can get over that.  
We only had appetizers and desserts and I will certainly be back for more.  We enjoyed the mussels, pork belly and scallop tortellini.  The mussels were good but I didn't  want to drink the broth like I usually do, there was maybe too much acidity?  Also, their homemade bread is very nice but very SWEET and not such a great match for the savory food.  The pork belly was served with these potatoes that I think were scored and then fried so they had a really unique texture.
Deep-fried cupcakes, I'm sorry to be a dissenter but not for me.  I liked that they were warm and oozy but they were way too sweet and the greasy exterior was overwhelming.  We had a date cake that was served with honey ice cream, very good but also a bit on the sweet side.  I look forward to coming back and trying more of the menu.I had a great meal at Rue 127.  Like one of my fellow Yelpers, I got a certificate from Restaurant.com (bargain!). 
 I started with the steamed mussels which were delicious, but really, how can you go wrong.  My husband started with the french onion soup, which he loved.
For entrees, I had the citrus duck and he had the filet.  Let me tell you,  the duck was fantastic--perfectly cooked and moist.  I almost didn't order it because I normally don't like citrus with savory things, but this really worked. The tastes were well balanced and everything came together beautifully.  The filet was also delicious. 
For dessert, my husband got the cupcakes under the recommendation of the neighboring table*.   I had a martini.  The martini was great. I can't speak first-hand on the cupcakes, but my husband really enjoyed them. 
I will definitely go back.  So good.
*They have tables packed in there, it felt very European.  It was kind of amazing to watch the servers weave between each other to get places.Went here a few weeks back; had the fried chicken salad which was good, but the service left something to be desired. The waiter's service was okay, but as we left the restaurant did not get a thank you for coming or any other words from the waiter that waited on us. Being a frequent diner in New Orleans restaurants, I always get a thank you for coming or even a bye. The waiter said nothing of the sort as he watched my friend and I leave the restaurant. Even though the food was good, it was not worth it to come back to a restaurant where the waiter did not have the decency to at least say bye.I ended up coming here quite by accident in the middle of the week a few months ago. If you aren't looking for it on Carrollton, you're not going to find it as it is quite recessed from the sidewalk. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, seasonality of the menu, friendliness and helpfulness of the staff, as well as the decor and creativity.
I've been back many times since and cannot recommend any single item, though you MUST try the deep fried cupcakes for dessert at least once. That being said, the cupcakes being fried really is not representative of their menu--don't let that fool you. Every time I've left I've felt pleasantly plump, delightfully tipsy, and had a safe ride home via the streetcar that rolls right by the front.
Do not pass this place up. Come hungry. Tip well!If you want a five star food experience in NOLA it's worth going mid city (out of downtown). There is a little restaurant in a house in Carrollton that is owned by a chef who schooled at the Culinary Institute of America. Every single thing we ate at the restaurant was fantastic. The gumbo is very unique. Starting with duck and chicken, the chef adds  horseradish potato salad which gives it a unique pop. I ate a hamburger with kimchi and a Sambal aioli served with hand cut French fries. The hamburger was out of this world and the Korean cabbage added some nice hot spice. My wife had a tasting menu that included chilled watermelon gazpacho, duck tamales and pork tenderloin with sautéed apples. The deserts were out of the world and the Pastry Chef (also schooled at CIA knows her craft). Wine list was great. We had a 1998 Gran Cru for 125 dollars which is not bad considering the year and the region of the wine. Oh I forgot the handcrafted cocktails. Not too sweet and not too sour. Just perfect balance and harmony. All locals and tourists should check this place out!I have SEVEN food allergies and this was one of the only restaurants in NOLA willing to make me a meal and I have to say, it was one of the BEST meals of my entire life.  They made sure I got to eat a real, Southern meal.  Not to mention, the shotgun house is cute af.  It was out of our way, but well worth the drive and we really, really enjoyed it.  Thank you, thank you THANK YOU!I have never written a negative review but I have to say this was very disappointing. I treated my friend to her birthday dinner and it was horrible. We arrived at the restaurant at 6:30 for our reservation and we were the only table. Ordered and were given lovely & delicious appetizer. I asked the server to wait a bit before serving main dish so we could stay and chat. Well, our fish came out burned and mushy!!!!! Should have sent them back, my bad!!!!!!Excellent! The food here is as good as it gets. They have a snacks menu that goes from $2-$5 dollars (fried chicken skins, pork bun, etc.)  the mussels with tomato paste, capers, lemon aioli with French fries, and the deep fried oysters in corn meal with a lemon time aioli appetizers were a true indicator of an excellent restaurant. Now to the entrees....the Atlantic cod with a smoked eggplant sauce with crispy polenta, and charred grape tomatoes, with summer squash spaghetti was so amazing. We also had the crispy duck breast, smoked sweet potato purée with a garlic broccoli rabe , with pickled baby beets. And for desert we opted for the moscato float drink with a pineapple sorbet. See you again Rue!  Your truly amazing!This is a review I have no qualms about writing. I often write a review after only one or two visits to an establishment and feel a little like I'm not being fair. I do try to address that issue in those reviews and make it known it is a preliminary review.
Such is not the case for Rue 127. I have dined here many times with different friends and with family as well. I have never had anything less than a stellar meal here, and I have never heard any complaints from any of my dining companions.
My last visit was a few weeks ago with a lovely friend after a wine tasting. We were hungry but had trouble deciding where to go. My friend pretty much left it up to me , so I chose Rue because I knew the food would be great. 
The dining room is small but comfortable with a banquette on one side and tables on the other. We were allowed to choose our seating which I love. One of my pet peeves about hostesses is when they immediately seat you at the worst table in the house, usually near the WC or a bussing station. Then you have to ask for another table and they make you feel like you're a PITA. Anyway, we chose a nice banquette seat. My dining companion is not a big eater, so we chose two entrees to split--scallops with roasted cauliflower and an orange vinaigrette and a veal chop with a beet and parsnip (I think) chiffonnade or something like that on top and finished with a  nice demi-glace. Both were awesome though splitting a veal chop can be a little, well, neanderthal. We basically looked like two dogs fighting over a veal chop. 
In my past visits to Rue I have had the following and recommend them ALL - mussels, gumbo with horseradish potato salad, fried oysters with jicama slaw (awesome), duck breast, duck confit (no longer on the menu which is a dommage because it is as good as any in town), grass fed filet. The only dessert I've had is the deep fried cupcakes which were not up to par with the entrees.
Two last comments, one good, one bad. The Good - The food here is as good as any in town. A national publication, don't remember which, rated it as New Orleans most underrated restaurant. I agree.  And given all that, the prices are extremely reasonable. The Not So Good - I have a problem with the wine list. It's not the quality; it's the slim pickings, and there are not enough bottles in the $25-$35 range. At my last visit, I saw a Bordeaux on the menu which was in that range, but they were out of it. We ended up getting an Italian red, I think a tempranillo, which was fine but not what I wanted. 
Oh well. Maybe they will improve on that. Even if not, I will be back.We really enjoyed the food and ambience at this Mid-City restaurant. My wife ordered the corn and cauliflower soup and was blown away, especially as the server told her that it contained no dairy. We'll have to ask for the recipe next time we're there. 
For my entrée I had the hanger steak (rare) and it was delicious. It was served with fingerling potatoes, leeks, mushrooms, charred tomatoes and a light poblano vinaigrette. All cooked perfectly. My wife had the shrimp remoulade salad which was served with a remoulade vinaigrette, so the dressing was light and complimented the fresh shrimp and was exactly right for lunch. 
Can't wait to go back.I noticed some hate regarding the reservation system utilized by Rue 127. This is completely unfounded when a resource such as opentable.com is available for you. I mean seriously, the internet is your best friend, sometimes father figure, and it can do anything for you in the click of a button, including making a reservation for you. I will digress from what could become quite the tirade, and focus on why we are more than happy to take the time (two minutes, maybe one and half) to place a reservation to dine on such fine "contemporary american bistro" cuisine. 
My favorite thing about Rue 127 is that they present themselves as a "smart casual" restaurant. Though the term could be open to interpretation, the reality quickly became a restaurant where I could wear what i just happened to be wearing and order a delicious and fancy meal without feeling like i was underdressed, thus indubitably ruining my appetite...
Disaster averted! I'm not saying you should arrive in cut offs, but maybe you find yourself in the predicament where you need some fine dining but you and your SO don't want to get "all did up", if so, this may be the place for you.
Now the food! This place offers an array of appetizer categories, listing them as "Starters" another section as "snacks" and then "sides."  The waitress informed us we could order however we liked from the menu, so after forgoing the temptation to have dessert for each course, we settled on a friend oyster appetizer, as well as a roasted mushroom side (which absolutely stole the show!) I mean, i have been wanted more mushroom in my life and this just about did it, totally converted. 
I'm getting carried away now so i'll just say that for our entrees my SO ordered a trout special they were serving that evening and i went for the filet. Both of us left satisfied and I will definitely be returning to investigate what witchcraft is behind their roasted mushrooms.Cool little restaurant in a converted shotgun, across the street from Angelo Brocato's. I had a great dinner experience there the other night. Started with a modern take on gumbo that contained duck along with turkey and andouille sausage that didn't do it for me. 
However, the roasted filet mignon (what type of filet was not specified on the menu by the way) was perfectly cooked with a red wine jus; potato fondant, which was a fried wedge of potato; and spinach and mushrooms. The entree was very good but it struck me as odd that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any of the tables.
The service was quite attentive, refilling the water and iced tea throughout the meal and the fried miniature cupcakes for dessert sounds not only odd but something you need a cardiologist's note for. It turned out to be 5 small cupcakes with colored sprinkles and cream cheese, fried, and came with 3 dipping sauces: creme fraiche, caramel, and chocolate. Like chili burgers, this is fine once in a while because it's not only decadent but should come with a heart defibrillator.
Good dining experience combined with restaurant.com certificate - yahoo!Oh. My. God.  
Try the smokertini.
Bleu cheese and bacon stuffed olives?   I can now die happy.
Rue 127, please bottle those.AWESOME!!! My wife and I were there last night for our anniversary. Service was impeccable, food was amazing and the ambience was second to none. We will definitely go back. I would say this restaurant and Katies are going to have to fight for who's first and who's second in terms of best restaurants in midcity.As good as it gets.
A Mid-City gem off the beaten path of "gourmet dining" in New Orleans. Rue 127 is proof that an unpretentious and simple neighborhood aesthetic can still coexist with a dining experience. Highlights include the fried duck legs (a special) and the mussels with chorizo. Every dish feels very familiar yet impeccably crafted to perfection and never boring. The cocktails are delicious and aren't over-sugared (particular emphasis on their signature cucumber beverage). Best of all- this fine dining experience comes at a wallet-friendly price.
Lastly, Megan is an outstanding waitress who will ensure your eating experience is nothing short of outstanding.Rue 127 is amazing!  My husband and I come here every few weeks because they have the best scallops on the planet.  Also, their short ribs, fish, cauliflower risotto, and anything we have eaten there is delicious.  They have a full bar and great beer selections.  Save room for dessert, since all the of the desserts are great!Horrible service. My husband and I were the only ones in the restaurant at lunch on a weekday. The waiter was not attentive and would rather conversate with other employees. The plates came out extremely slow. I would not come back for average food and poor service.The service and food were outstanding. It so nice to see table clothes in a quant mid-city setting. We can't wait to get back.Service was very friendly and efficient.  Restaurant was very clean and appointed nicely.  Menu read well,  but the execution was off. The gumbo sounded great; the nicely rouxed seafood gumbo was totally overpowered by an extremely overly-horseradished potato salad center.  A nice concept to serve in lieu of rice,  but the horseradish dressing killed the gumbo. Swing and a miss. We also ordered the scallop dish.  The scallops were unfortunately full of sand. The sous vide then pan sauteed fingerlings that accompanied the scallops were finished with saffron: another unnecessary added flavor that confused a simple dish.  Seems that all across the menu,  the kitchen wanted to add unnecessary flourishes which never let the food speak for itself.   The mussels with lemongrass were flavorless. The highlight of the meal were the frites that came with the mussels. Very sad for the price we paid.I really give this place 3 1/2, but yelp doesn't let us. The food here is pretty good. I especially liked the gumbo its done with potato salad instead of rice. The salmon was really good also. My son wasn't a fan of anything of this place except the dessert which was deep friend cupcakes and we also had smores.
Its a nice little restaurant that is perfect for a casual dinner.
We sat outside and the bartender had to take care of us. I will go back.Our experience at Rue 127 was amazing from start to finish.  The atmosphere is so cozy and the lighting is perfect for date night!  Our server was Ashley and she was amazing because she was very hospitable and really knew how to allow a patron to enjoy their meal by perfectly spacing the courses.  We had the candied jalepeno cornbread and fried olives with bacon and bleu cheese for starters.  Yes, they are as perfect as they sound!  I had the diver scallops with fingerling potatoes, silver queen corn, fried egg, white beans and grapefruit vinaigrette.  What a beautiful blend of flavors!  The butteriness of the scallops and fried egg accompanied by the fresh lightness of the vinaigrette were stellar!  I just had to get the broccoli rabe as a side and it too was absolutely fantastic.  Rue 127 is a total gem!  Yum.My husband and I had dinner here during the Coolinary event. The special they presented was nice. My husband ordered grilled drum with a nice salad. I ordered the hamburger and homemade fries. It was very good and the bun was amazing. I also ordered the Honolulu cocktail. It was very tasty. I will return!Great little place! A dear friend of mine and I decided to go for brunch when I was in New Orleans for a conference. I had the Pain Perdu (French toast) with strawberries and bourbon cane syrup as an appetizer and then the Shrimp and Grits for an entree. Both were very tasty and the portions were appropriate for each item. 
However, the highlight of the meal was the Sticky Toffee Bread Pudding! It was absolutely delicious and was served with house made honey ice cream.The braised lamb shank was simple and unpretentious. Beans and peas were a great accompaniment. I enjoyed eating them in the lamb stock. The fried broccoli rabe was delicious, but a little too spicy for me with the red pepper, so I ate them with my beans.
Enjoyed the frites with the salt and vinegar. A nice change of pace.
Also enjoyed the cheese tray, with the pungent blue cheese, sharp cheddar cheese, and some more mild cheeses that I ate with a quince cube, rice cracker, and apple. They also had honey.
FYI the blue cheese and the Brussel sprouts contain alcohol.Not a great way to start off our New Orleans trip but the food was very very good. Not sure how the restaurant lost our reservation since we have the confirmation email after making it. Once we arrived there was some confusion about where Casitas and we got placed in this tiny shabby corner that was very difficult to be comfortable and also difficult to get in and out of. It's a nice restaurant was some charm but it's very crowded in general and not in a charming way.Love love love this quaint little restaurant. When I say little, I mean little.  There's probably about 10-12 tables max! 
But......the food was yummilicious!!! Although (there's a reason why I didn't give it 5 stars) the steak wasn't all that great. Everyone else's entrees were great! 
MUST get their infamous fried cupcakes! It's definitely one of a kind.I absolutely love this place. It is a charming little restaurant with great service and amazing food. Oh and the deep fried cupcakes are one of the best desserts  I have ever had. I can't believe it has taken me this long to try this place.Rue 127 was a suggestion by a good friend of local food critic, Tom Fitzsimmons. A group of 6 went on a day when the Saints were playing so the restaurant seemed like it was all for us (also indicating it was more a locals spot). We felt immediately welcomed by the staff and the cozy nature of the place. 
They had a great wine list that you could tell was hand-selected and not too pricey. We got apps for the table that were all really good (fried olives, fried okra, cornbread, fried oysters). Entrees were outstanding as well. 
As we finished we had some bread pudding and I ordered off the the dessert cocktail menu (very inventive!). The drink I got was wonderful and unique. While the bread pudding itself was just okay (a little dense) the house-made ice cream it came with was incredible -- wished I had a whole bowl. 
Everyone at the table (literally everyone) declared their new favorite restaurant in NOLA. I would recommend to anyone.This place looked promising, but our table was very awkwardly placed essentially in the hallway between the front and back room. The menu seemed somewhat complicated; food was definitely not bad, but nothing seemed to "click." My mother ordered the duck entree, and it came out miniscule, sized as if it should have been an appetizer.  Other entrees were not bad, but just seemed to either be missing something or paired strangely. Overheard people at the table next to us saying they would be back, so clearly others enjoyed themselves. Definitely not a bad experience, but we probably won't be back anytime soon with all of the other choices in New Orleans.Heard lots about this place so had to try it. It was good and you can tell the chef is ambitious. We had several appetizers, 'snacks' and entrees and all shared. The chicken skins are unique and really good. The scallops were amazing, very big and cooked perfectly. They are priced high at $29 for three but you won't be disappointed. The pork chop is also huge and cooked just perfectly. The only negative was the French press coffee. I was so excited about this offering but grind is not right for this method. Had grinds in it so many had to order another and second was the same. Both were also warm at best, not hot. The server mentioned the presses filters aren't the best and she was right. They made up for it with free satsuma cocktail which was nice but would've preferred a great French press coffee to finish the meal :) 
Overall a great little place for fine dining experience in a casual environment. It's worth a visit and get a little of everything so you can try several items!I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit here and it's been on my list to try for some time.  I will definitely be giving it a second try.
We had an 8:30 reservation, arrived about 20 minutes early, and were seated about 10 minutes after we arrived.  The ambiance is really nice here.  It's a small shotgun style house with eclectic decor.  I believe we were in the "main" dining room which is quite small but it looks like there may be some side rooms as well.
We ordered beer and wine and found there to be a small but nice selection of both.  We then ordered our entrees.  I had the ribeye and my friend the pork chop.  Both were outstanding.  I tasted the pork chop and was amazed at how tender and juicy it was for the size.  My ribeye was also fantastic and served with some very flavorful potatoes and mushrooms.
The only strange part to the evening was the frequency with which our water was refilled.  And I know some folks may not consider it an issue....but about every 3 minutes the guy was refilling every glass at the table regardless of how full it was.  There's a point where this just starts to become disruptive to the conversation at the table.  Once our drinks and food arrived, this died off, but I found it hysterical at first!I love the casual-fine atmosphere, the fresh food, and the fact that they were able to whoop up a veggie plate for me, without making a fuss. I was just gonna settle for a normal risotto, but they took good care of me!
My one gripe? I wish they'd mentioned walnuts in the spoon-bread that we had for dessert. The dessert was lovely, but my allergy didn't agree. My evening ended with a decent dinner bill and an Epipen. 
Even then, crap happens. We had a lovely experience otherwise, I'll just be sure to ask before I order in the future.I really wanted to like this place.. In fact, we tried to go to this restaurant last year and made the big mistake of just walking in without reservations.. We were immediately asked if we had reservations and when we said we didn't, we were told that we could wait an hour or so and they might be able to put us at an outside table.  Um, no thanks. I chose not to wait an hour to find out if I could sit outside the actual place!! So, since then, I have been super hesitant about trying it again.  
Well, we went yesterday with reservations and 4 other people.  We walked in, were seated immediately inside this time and basically this set the stage for the whole evening.  The hostess seemed less than enthusiastic as she seated us and even though we were one of the only tables in the place, it took a particularly longer than should have been amount of time for anyone to even come over to the table.  When our very nice (insert sarcasm) waitress came over, she seemed irritated and no interactions had even taken place.  I didn't get her name bc I don't think she gave it to us, but she was a tall thin girl with red hair.  She finally came over and asked if we wanted drinks.  I knew what I wanted, but a few people in our party struggled with answering right away bc they were not sure what they wanted, and she just left the table.  Seriously?? You can't wait a minute for everyone in the party to order something??? When she came back, one person had decided on a glass of Merlot to which she sharply replied.. "we don't sell that by the glass only by the bottle!" And she again walked away from the table... My aunt agreed to try another type of wine that was ordered by another person in our party, but it might have been nice for this waitress, since attending to our needs, is actually the JOB of the wait staff to have suggested a comparable wine that did, in fact come by the glass or to point out other cocktails on the cocktail menu that we didn't even know existed bc the hostess just placed it on the table, in the middle, and didn't bother to tell us that there was a separate wine and drink menu!!! This really set the tone for everything else.  
Our drinks came and were fine and we were told about one special that they had.. it seemed more like an afterthought by the waitress right before we placed our orders.. Again, complete apathy on her part for her job, for us as customers, and this overall feeling of imagined superiority that surely can't exist to be a good waitress/waiter.  
Our food came and actually was quite good.  The portions are super small, almost like tasting plates, but I had the scallops and they were very good.  We ordered the duck, the roasted chicken, and the mahi mahi fish.  Everyone seemed very happy with their entrees.  Again, I felt that perhaps the waitress, for lack of a better term, could have suggested some appetizers or side dishes by simply mentioning that entrees were on the small side or by some way indicating or suggesting or selling up on the apps or trying to add a soup or salad.  The menu is kind of strange and doesn't really fully mesh so as a diner, I kind of felt confused about what I should order or the way I should proceed and there was zero attempt to offer assistance.  
We were never asked if we wanted dessert or coffee and the bill was brought to us much the same way everything else was handled with us, so we promptly walked across the street to Brocata's to get coffee and dessert.  
I really wanted to like this place,but the overall vibe is that I left with feeling that I wasn't really appreciated there and that they didn't really need me to be there.  I have dined at some of the best places in New Orleans, like Emeril's and Commander's and what I always remember is the experience, not just the food.  I didn't have an experience there.. I felt it was lacking and leaving me wanting more of everything, so I won't be back.  There are just too many options, maybe even places where the food isn't as good, but the experience is a thousand times better and makes me feel good about dining there.  I felt irritated that I had dropped a few hundred dollars at a place that didn't appreciate me... 
Enough said.. words to the restaurant management.. Get over yourselves.. You're good, but you're not THAT good for all the attitude!!Ah! All here delicious chic mid city restaurants make a girl feel good. Second time at tonight, and both times we had a great meal.
First night we had the steamed mussels and frites. Delish, but a very strong coconut flavor, not for everyone if you don't like coconut, but we do, so yeah. Entrees were the scallops, nicely seared and fresh.
Second time we had the beet salad, tiny tiny but tasty. Entrees were the roasted chicken and pork chop. Chicken was great with a natural au jus, could have been a little more crispy but was still delightful. Not anything like the poulet at lilette or even the Franklin, but a tasty dish nonetheless. The pork chop was to rare at first and needed to be sent back. The second time it was nice and cooked with a good char, delish. 
I subbed vodka for one of the cocktails, instead of sherry or cognac or something. It's not 1850, and I'm a vodka girl, so minus the cognac it was delish. They have a good bartender back there, but need to diversify their menu and consider who is buying fancy cocktails (girls who don't drink cognac or sherry, that's who). Overall a great meal, worth checking out.I attended a Christmas dinner here. Now, ~2 months later, I really can't remember what I ordered. I think it was fish. That's telling, though - it wasn't that memorable. The service was fantastic and they had a nice wine menu. 
The food wasn't spectacular by any means but I enjoyed my visit.
If I return, I think I'll get the fried cupcakes, since we didn't do dessert but the other Yelp reviews seem to insist they are wonderful.Went here on Dec 29th 2017...I was a little  concerned about the service reviews, and I must say they were pretty  much on point.  While the servers were very nice, everything took too long to come to the table....Drinks, bread, appetizers. The appetizers were on the kitchen, but bread and drinks was front  of the house. The other issue was portion size...see pictures.  My wife had the duck gumbo to start, which she loved, but the temperature  was a little  on the cold side. They serve it with potato salad (no rice), which she asked for on the side, so that didn't cool the gumbo. I started with the oysters with the Thai BBQ sauce....absolutely  delicious!. Next up I ordered the Scallop Entree, while my wife opted for the pork chop, and we split the Mac and cheese. The scallops, while tasty, would have  left me hungry  had I not had the appetizer and the Mac and cheese. The plate needed something else as a filler. The pork chop on the other hand was so big it could not be finished....very.tasty as well. We skipped dessert, as nothing  appealed to us, even the fried cupcakes.Great wine by the glass! Gumbo is rich and complex, and the cornbread is great to dip in it! Mussels are just ok, but the fried cupcakes for dessert were sinful!A great start to a great trip! My friends and I had our first meal together visiting NOLA here, for a 30th birthday party. I read reviews online raving about the food, and they were able to reserve our large party, so we went for it.  
Pros: 
The majority of food was OUT-STANDING. Do yourself a favor and try the deep fried chicken skins, oh my goodness. Everyone was able to try something you don't normally see, and those who ordered the risotto raved about it, not to mention the prices were fair for the quality and quantity of food you were receiving.   The wine list was good, and the atmosphere was absolutely adorable. We could not have asked for a better server, she was so attentive, friendly, and did a fantastic job. 
Also, deep fried cupcakes. 
Cons:
We did have a large party, and the kitchen was very small, so dinner for 11 people with some apps and dessert took about 3+ hours. They may not be equipped to handle larger parties if you have anywhere to be afterwards.  If not, and you're the type of group who likes to sit and socialize, this place will work out great for you. 
Some of the food was disappointing, specifically the macaroni and cheese.  Being able to spoon off oil is not always desirable.  Also, whatever brand of ginger beer they use for their drinks was not at all delicious. 
Would I go back? 110% yes and would recommend this place to anyone visiting.Well-prepared food and fun cocktails but over priced. My girlfriends and I shared the cheese board for $18 which came with an assortment of 5 cheeses but the sizes were less than underwhelming. I ordered the chicken as my entree which was cooked perfectly but lacked in seasoning. Brussels sprouts and macaroni and cheese were deliciousSo, this was NOT our first time at Rue but it was certainly the worst experience at Rue.   
My wife and I dined there for Valentine's day dinner.   The menu was a "fixed menu".   While the flavor of most if the items was good, the portions were embarrassing small.   A single oyster, a single ravioli, a small cup of soup, miniture portions of cheese and grilled fish was the meal... The entire ordeal took over 2 hours....
The experience was over rated!!!This is the only one star review I've ever given.
Listen to the other reviews about bad service. I came here on my birthday excited to try the fried cupcakes. First, the waiter seemed annoyed that we didn't have a reservation despite the place being empty. He then spent a few minutes on the computer seating us as we stood around awkwardly. The menu looked good, but it took us over 10 minutes to get water, and we tried to ask him for drinks but he walked away. Maybe he didn't hear us? Looking around, we realized no one else had been helped either...and there were only two other tables seated. After 10 more minutes, we left. 
Three staff were hanging out in the kitchen but didn't help anyone. The worst part was how the staff didn't seem clumsy, but genuinely rude. They seemed annoyed that were eating there. I felt bad leaving, but it was an overall uncomfortable experience- and we were never gonna be helped!
I've actually NEVER experienced service this bad! EVER!!Fantastic in every way. They shut the restaurant for us to a private party of 35 people. They handled every detail impeccably. I will definitely be going back every time I'm in New Orleans. Joanna was a pleasure to work with to plan the party. She was accommodating to anything we needed, organized everything just the way we wanted and along with the rest of the staff...made the party a huge success. I would recommended to anyone on any day for any occasion!I came here for dinner with a restaurant.com certificate (a website I highly recommend, since their certificates are almost ALWAYS between 60-80% off). Had the steamed mussels appetizer which was quite large. They were good--your standard steamed mussels and fries, but you can hardly go wrong with that. I had the pork chop and my boyfriend had the scallop entree, both were really good, I personally would recommend the scallops since I am more of a seafood person than a pork person--so it turns out.
It's a quaint little restaurant, and you can see the goings-on through a window into the kitchen. My boyfriend also got a coffee, and at the end our meal came out to $50 altogether (with tip, minus the $25 certificate), not too bad. 
Oh! Also, they seem to be having a pretty sweet Endymion day lunch/dinner/open bar speciai, it's $150 but looks verrryy tempting.Some interesting dishes.
A bit out off the way and very small.
The boudin is worth a tryI was lucky enough to get taken to Rue 127 for my birthday this year. What a great addition to Mid-City! They have a decent wine list with selections that were well within our budget. Our waitress was very friendly and was quick to answer any questions that we had on the wine or with the menu. I had soup to start, cream of leak topped with fried oysters. Delicious! My friend had the gumbo that was very tasty as well. I then had the duck with the orange glaze and whipped potatoes. The potatoes and sauce were extremely tasty, but unfortunately my duck was a bit undercooked for me. This was not made any better by the fact that I had filled up on bread, soup, wine, and oysters. The duck was probably just right for some people, but I wouldn't order it again. I don't remember what my friend had but she had no problem finishing hers. She finished with the deep fried cupcakes and I couldn't help but try them. I wasn't a huge fan until I put some of the butterscotch sauce on (which tasted like maple syrup to me).Dude! That was worth risking a sugar coma over!  Rue 127 is located in a very cute converted shotgun, but this can make for a tight squeeze if the restaurant is crowded. Overall a very solid well priced upscale restaurant in Mid-City. Tip: Try and snag their Restaurant.com coupon before they get too popular and take it down!On a regular drive along Carrollton you might miss this little gem of a romantic intimate small restaurant, across the street from Angelo Brocato's and Venezia and placed next to Italian Pie and Doson Noodle House.  
We came here for dessert. When I checked out the menu online, it said that they had a blueberry upside down cake. When we got into the restaurant, that item was not on the menu, to great disappointment. But don't worry, there were other great things listed!
Blackberry tart served with... a wine sorbet, can't recall exactly, on a crushed pecan crust... What?!?! This was pretty amazing and so good. We took small dainty bites like 'real proper' ladies. And what else was on special? A red curry mango sorbet? Sounds like a strange combo for a sorbet right? But it was fantastic, you could taste every little ingredient in there and it was a pretty perfect blend. We accompanied our dessert with a press of coffee which was a nice compliment, balancing the sweetness of the tart and sorbet.
Despite the annoying street parking situation, I will most likely come back to try some of their wonderful sounding entrees.The food, drinks and service were impeccable.  The fry breads are to die for and the brussel  sprouts are DELICIOUS.  The muscles are succulent and come with a side of crispy pomme frites.  My cousin and I ordered a generous assortment of appetizers, cocktails and dessert -- and our total bill was $66.  This place is a bit off the beaten path but it's definitely worth the drive.  Highly recommend!Visited this restaurant after wanting to try it for some time.  I took my parents here for a meal.  Our server, Ashely, was curt and rude to us.  It took a long time to order our cocktails and then our meals when the restaurant wasn't even full.  I ordered the duck breast, it came rubbery.  The kimchi tasted off as well that came with it.  We weren't even asked if we wanted dessert and then the check was dumped at our table after a very long wait after it was cleared.  Overall it wasn't a good experience.   I was hoping for a nice meal with my parents after not having seen them for some time and it turned out terrible.  I do no recommend at all.I am a local and ALWAYS love Rue 127.  I have never had a bad meal there!  I brought 7 people from out of town there during our college reunion last weekend.  They were all thrilled.  We had a variety of items.   It took a little while to get our drinks, but very soon afterwards the food started coming.  Once they tasted the food and saw that everyone there was working together to keep things moving we settled in and had a hard time leaving to go to our next event. 
Wonderful!!One of the best meals I have experienced in a long time. Ambiance is right and welcoming, space is small so make reservations or get there early. I met friends for dinner and we sat at the bar. I am not a big fan of eating at the bar of a nice restaurant, but this was very intimate just like we had our own table. Only 4 stools at the bar. We ordered wine first from the list, which could use some assistance in the white area. The menu is rather small, a few steak choices and the others fish and scallops. I ordered the scallops with oyster mushrooms and potatoes. This dish was phenomenal! Perfectly cooked scallops that melted like butter in my mouth, and the potatoes had the prefect amount of salt to match the mushrooms that fully complimented the buttery scallop that just melted down you throat. The potatoes were fluffy yet thick and went nicely with the other textures on the plate. A definite revisit will occur, possibly turn into a regular dining area.The food was awesome!!! Fish of the day was very good I was very pleased!!! The atmosphere is great not to loud!! CleanFinally, casual fine dining in mid-city!! I ate at Rue 127 tonight with two friends. We ordered mushroom risotto for an app and a bottle of Malbec for the table. Nice wine list and reasonably priced. I had the duck and it was cooked to perfection, melted like butter and had a nice crispy skin. The salmon my friend ordered was cooked to a perfect medium. My other friend ordered the half chicken and brussels sprouts and it was also delicious and cooked to perfection. The staff  was professional but relaxed, they create a great environment to enjoy your meal. For dessert we decided on the deep fried cupcakes  and were excited when they were served with an assortment of dipping sauces.  I can't wait to go back to try some other entrees. Perfect place for a date.I've been coming to New Orleans for work for the past 3 months so I'm making my way around to all the restaurants. 
This place is really a 3.5 star place.
Parking was pretty easy to find around the block.
Another cool looking house that was transformed into a restaurant.  The inside has a cool home rustic feel to it.  My only complaint was that it was little cold inside.
Food:
Starter was:
SWEETBREADS,ENOKI MUSHROOMS,BEECH MUSHROOMS,
PINE NUTS,LEMON RISOTTO.  This was decent, but a tad on the salty side.
Then my main dish was:
HALF OF AN OVEN ROASTED CHICKEN,BAKED MAC AND CHEESE,ROASTED                                                                                           
BRUSSELS SPROUTS,ROSEMARY DIJON JUS.  Chicken was almost on the dry side, and needed more salt.  Brussel sprouts were really good.  Mac and cheese, was average.
Overall, this was a nice place, and the food is decent (not great, but good).Tried Rue 127 while in town for a trade show and loved it! 
I had the fava bean salad as my starter and it was delicious. Great mix of greens, fava beans and dressing. For my entree I had the double cut pork chops. These have to be the best pork chops I've ever had. They were juicy and tender. Most restaurants tend to over cook their pork chops but these we cooked perfectly. The corn coush coush with roasted pepper jus and crispy onions were a perfect compliment. After such a delicious entree I went for a light dessert..sorbet. To my surprise they were offering a Korean melon sorbet. This tasted like a combination of honeydew and cantaloupe which was great. 
The restaurant was small but the ambiance was nice. Most people are complaining that it was too bright but I did not mind. The worst is going to a restaurant and having to use the candle to read your menu. I could actually see my food and the person I was with. The server was great as well. He was very attentive but not too attentive. 
As others said you could really miss this place if you're not looking but it is well worth the search. It's a quick cable car ride to Mid-City on Canal from the French Quarter. Next time I am in the big easy I will definitely be visiting Rue 127 again. Best meal I've had in a LONG time.Good as it gets. If you're looking for good food thats not smack in the middle of touristville, aka "you can actually park nearby" then this is your place. I'm not a huge fan of Cajun so I came here and was not disappointed! Get the gumbo and roasted chicken. Also the staff is really friendly and attentive.Great experience, nice and helpful staff and servers.  Started off with one of the best cocktails I've ever had called 'A Walk In The Park'.  It is basil infused organic vodka, vermouth, and a cherry tomato garnish, so refreshing and delicious, a great pre-meal cocktail.  The mussels and chocolate caramel tart were my favorites!  Husband had the pork chop and it was delicious as well.  Intimate atmosphere, could use a tad bit dimmer lighting, in my opinion.  I will be back to the bar for that cocktail again!Came for the Reveillon dinner especially the lamb shank which is one of my favorite foods. The meal was outstanding except ..... for the lamb shank which I found almost inedible.  Ah Me.... The place is long and narrow but lovely inside with outstanding art work and a stand out decoration and paint scheme. Part of the kitchen is on view behind a glass wall and it was nice to see the chef plating our dishes. There was a service problem. They seemed really understaffed. One very hard working and dedicated young woman seemed to be serving everyone. She did her best but it really slowed things down. We had a 30 minute wait for our check. She was pleasant and eager but there was just no way she could keep up. The Reveillon  menu was inventive and mostly well executed. Bread and sea salted butter hit the spot. The pear and frisée salad was great. The honey glazed quail was too sweet for my wife (who detests any form of syrup) but I thought it was perfect. I wish I had a half dozen of them instead of the lamb :-(. The pork belly was just perfection: an ideal balance of crispy and chewy and sweet and spicy, A small piece of "candied jalapeño" was just enough spice to balance the pork belly. Really good. Then the fourth course.  My wife's puppy drum with mussels in an orange bacon broth could not have been better. But the poor lamb shank, So heavily salted and dry, coated with panko and deep fried. It should have been braised and unctuous not salty hard and dry. They said it was "confit." Please don't ever do that to a lamb shank. Pecan tart was very sweet and had Bourbon ice cream. Yum. The choice was a nice cheese plate.  I may go back and try again with the regular menu and when they have more servers. Except for the lamb this place has the potential of 5 stars.So the food here is great. The waitress we had - not so much. First she asked while pouring my water "did you find anything interesting" so i answered I haven't really looked yet. And she told me "oh i wasn't talking to you" (she was apparently referring to my companion). after this she told me the salmon came medium well, would I like it cooked more. I said yes I would like it well done. She asked what do you mean. I said well medium well the center is still pink. She then informed me that salmon is a pink fish... which I am aware of. so I decided to not belabor my point and just eat fish that is not cooked to my preference. 
I think she may have been aware my companion would pay for the food so she'd rather flatter him than me. But really, it was just impolite.AMAZING! Neighborhood restaurant that was exquisite from beginning to end. Definitely start with a cocktail and try the bar bites as they delicious. I had the fried olives which were very good. The bartender was friendly and helped me pick out a cocktail. Will definitely be stopping by at Mardi Gras as they are along the endymion route. The menu was standard New orleans with a twist, which is perfect for a native. 
Would definitely recommend, especially when you have friends/family in town but don't want to do the quarter.We've been meaning to try this restaurant out but have never had a chance until last night and all I can say is YUM! It's easy to pass up the restaurant considering is building is somewhat set inside.  There is an outside seating option which would of been nice if it wasn't such a muggy day in NOLA.  Its a shot gun house turned into a modernly decorated restaurant.  In the front there is a bar with some bistro seating on the side and as you enter in, there is a small dining room with an open kitchen.  But to start off we go the mussels and the scallop  tortellini.  The mussels were great! They come with a side of prommes frites.  If i wasn't sharing it with others, I could of ate the whole thing myself!  The tortellini was good also with a citrus taste to it.  For entrees we go the filet and the scallops.  The filet was served with a side of spinach and a potato fondant which were equally good! My friend got the scallops and even though I didn't get a chance to taste it, she cleaned her plate, so that should speak for itself!  But the main and best part of the meal was dessert!! Fried Cupcake! WOW!  Its small cupcakes that are fried (around 5 or 6 of them) and they are accompained with 3 dipping sauces:  Butterscotch, Chocolate, Vanilla Creme Fraiche.  Of all of them I prefer the butterscotch! But overall a great meal at Rue 127!I'd like to put 3.5, but alas, Yelp, you won't give me the options to write out percentages of stars!
Ambience is quaint, if not just a hint impersonal. I will comment that the womens' bathroom is well stocked with everything a lady could ever need, which is a great consideration. You do, however, have to walk through the kitchen to get there, which isn't the worst thing in the world, but odd for some folks.
Drinks: Cocktails are good. Wine list is decent. No really good sparklings by the glass, which is how I like to start my meals. They had a prosecco BTG that they offered me, though it was low-quality. What's a girl to do?
Food: Decent, but not profound.
Apps: Started with the Gnocchi with Pork Belly, Fried Oysters w/ Remoulade and Apple Jicama slaw, Sweetbread Rissotto. Gnocchi and pork was underwhelming for me, however I did note how much love the kitchen must have put into the pork for it to be as tender as it was. It just wasn't terribly flavorful. Rissotto with Sweetbeads was spectacular. My favorite thing all night.  Oysters were decent, but a little chewy. Maybe that's because it's summer and its hot in 'dem waters. Anyway, it would have been much helped if we received bread service before our appetizers arrived, and I could have used the bread to hold the oyster and its sauce. Also, when we did finally get our bread, the DPIC mentioned that the dough definitely needed salt. It was quite bland, but the texture was nice.
Entrees: We had the pork chop and Lamb & Sausage. For the same price, it is amazing how differently sized the portions are. Pork Chop was Flinstones size, but good. Lamb was succulent and grassy-flavored, though not complex. I was given a small disc-ette of sausage, which was great. I would have loved more of that. I was not gobbling up my lamb, however. 
Dessert: had the Pecan Pie and a glass of cognac. Good. I mean, I hope you can't screw up pecan pie, and the ice cream was a nice touch.
Service:
Decent. A little rough around the edges, and a tad slow/forgetful. Our server was nice, if not just a touch impersonal. She was trying, but did not have the smoothness and comfortability I expect from a bistro setting. I dislike when drinks take forever, or when we want to "play it by ear" as diners, and order course-by-course, and the server locks up. It took a while to get a glass of wine, or a refill of wine, and dessert menus as well as bread. Bartender was superb, however, and management checked up on us during the meal, which is good. 
All in all, I have no dying need to comback and eat here again. It's not a place I can't wait to inform others about, and unfortunately, in this town, that's what you need to keep people coming in.  Best of luck, Rue 127, but you could greatly benefit from training your servers a touch more and spicing your food a bit better.In my humble opinion this is one of the best restaurants in a city full of excellent restaurants. If you consider the price point, it is the very best restaurant in the city.
It is an intimate conversion of a small single house. It is the most consistent restaurant in the city. I have been many times and have never had a complaint about the food. The menu is small and rarely changes, but they have perfected every item. 
They have great small plates.
The space is very small with a tiny kitchen visible through a window. It very pretty with adequate table spacing.
They have a great Tuesday wine night.
The service has always been excellent. They have a tiny bar in the front. However if you make a reservation, I have never had to wait.
I recommend it to everyone. My favorite restaurant.This is a nola 4 star rating. In any other city it would be higher. But the food at so many other restaurants is better. Drinks were just ok as well.Nice historic building that they did little remodeling too and fortunately preserved much of the historic nature of the old shotgun building.  Due to the historic nature of the building the dining space is quite small and intimate which could be a good or bad thing depending on what you're looking for.  The menu is very concise and the plastic chairs would be best replaced by some wooden ones eventually.  This is the first and only place I've had a hot shrimp remoulade salad and I've got to say I find I prefer the cooler versions.  They have a decent selection of items but its a bit on the pricey side considering the portion size.  They serve some nice bread and butter with your meal and the hostess seems to often double as the only server which leads to decent but not always quick service.  
Overall this probably wouldn't be my first choice for a nice restaurant as it seems to often lack bang for the buck but it is one of the few nicer dining options in Mid-City.Went with a party of 4. Everything was perfect.  Beautifully decorated, small but cozy, intimate.  I got the rabbit pot pie which for a rustic dish was so so good. Simple menu.  Service was also v friendly & efficient.  The exterior is a bit misleading with the cafe tables and string lights....because it really is a first class gourmet experience.Great food in a casual dining setting.  Malcom our waiter, was attentive and prompt.  I had the mussels appetizer, garlic, butter, broth & light cream sauce, was exceptionally good.
I recommend this restaurant, and I will return.
Garlic & Gaelic GuyWe went on a Friday night to celebrate my husband's birthday. The place is small, and we were given a table in the hall-like section which is quite small and intimate. Every part of our meal was amazingly delicious. From the yeasty roll served with salty butter to the dessert. We split a butter lettuce salad that was given great crunch with the addition of pecans. We also split the octopus appetizer which was outstanding. I had the duck breast and ordered it medium rare. It was so juicy, and the blueberry sauce made it sing. My husband had the hanger steak also medium rare. He loved the steak, but didn't think the purple sticky rice did anything for the dish. For dessert we had the chocolate flourless cake. So yummy! It is so rare for us to enjoy every single dish that comes out of a kitchen. It has been years since we ate here, but we definitely will be back again soon.  The service was pretty good, but sometimes we seemed to wait awhile before the waitress would check to see if we needed anything.Great food, cool space but the service was VERY slow. 30 minutes to get orders taken, long waits for drinks, etc. The staff was really nice and helpful. Probably understaffed this night. Will go back!I would not go out of my way to come here the next time I'm in town. I went for my 6 year anniversary on NYE for their 5 course tasting. 
Staff really DOES make the restaurant. The staff here in my opinion was not down to earth. I also asked about the pecan pie (later mentioned****) The waitress never got back to us. 
They had a cheese listed on the menu ($75 for the 5 courses). When the main entree came, we asked about the cheese. The waitress said that some menus had a mistake on them from what they were thinking of serving the week prior. When we sat down with the full menu - we should have been told about this. It was not acknowledged. Instead, we were presented a spoon full of chopped beats. We did not agree to this.
The crab soup was very room temperature. 
Small portions are usually known for upscale restaurants. I felt that customers here were sort of taken advantage of. 
I had called two weeks ahead of time to discuss seating for our anniversary/NYE dinner. I had mentioned the pecan pie. I was told that maybe for our anniversary they would have some in the back. The gingerbread dessert was very dry. However, I did like the compliment of the dehydrated thin slice of grapefruit to enhance the gingerbread flavor. 
Dessert was just given to us immediately after our main entree. We were not asked if we wanted tea or coffee. We were looking forward to having a nice cup of joe before going out into the freezing 30 degree weather to watch the fireworks. 
I thought maybe based on the reviews, maybe we went on an off night. It seems that a lot of people feel the way we did. I really wanted to love this restaurant. When we told everyone about our reservation, they gasped. Disappointed New Yorkers!
*****Anniversary not mentioned or acknowledged.From all these excellent reviews, I really REALLY wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, that is not how it turned out and I really felt like the food did not stand to par for the price I was paying for. 
I ordered the gumbo and the oxtail pasta. The gumbo was actually very good, not too salty, not too bland yet flavorful. However, the oxtail meat in the oxtail pasta turned out to be very salty unless eaten with an equal quantity of the pasta itself. My friend also ordered the diver scallops which came out to be too salty as well. 
Ultimately, we all looked forward to the famous "fried cupcake" dessert which actually resulted in being disappointing also. Truthfully, the dessert did not taste as unique as I'd pictured in my head. It pretty much was a fried cake ball rather than a fried cupcake ... yes this may sound as though I have high expectations but with such an intriguing dessert name itself, how can you not? (Also with the prices of these items ....)
I guess it's a new thing that restaurants are doing but I was a bit taken aback by the $20 cake cutting fee I was charged (I'd bought a cake for my friends' birthdays that night). $10 I thought would be a little bit more reasonable, $20 I thought was very high.
Otherwise, the ambiance of this restaurant is absolutely lovely. It's kind of hidden on the corner of Canal and Carrollton but once you're inside, it really makes you feel like you're in a restaurant on Magazine St. I just wish the food had been better than what I'd experienced ... hopefully it was a one day thing?Let me start by saying that the this was a fantastic meal. We tried 3 different cocktails and asked for them to be prepared less sweet than usual, go easy on the simple syrup. They did and the cocktails were delicious and beautiful. Bread was yum, salads were very good. The broth with the mussels was a bit light and the fries didn't make for very good dipping, however tasty they were on their own. Salmon and drum won the day, in my opinion, though companion thought his pork chop was the best. Short ribs tasted a bit greasy and bland to me, though the portion was huge and everyone else at the table thought they were great. Lemon dessert and sticky toffee were outstanding too. Wine suggested by the waiter also very nice. Everyone agreed that in terms of ingestibles, Rue was one of the very best. 
With the ambiance, however, we were disappointed. We were about 5 minutes late for our reservation. The girl behind the bar said our name and when we laughed at being greeting so personally, got a stone face in response. Fine, so we aren't as funny as we think sometimes. 
We were led into the glaring light of the dining room. As noted by many, its a small room with about a thousand lights on full blast. We sat down right near the kitchen, which has a very cool window allowing one to see prep, which I really enjoyed. But had the room been slightly less bright, the kitchen would have really popped visually. We were seated at possibly the most unfortunately lit table, so for us the lighting may have felt more extreme. Not only was the lighting terribly unflattering, not intimate at all, but it actually hurt if you accidentally glanced up too high. First thing we did was ask the waitress to please turn the damn lights down. She said she couldn't, that it was "part of the experience". What nonsense, we all thought. Felt that we were very much being fed a canned response and that they hadn't got the dimmer installed or something. 
Peeve #2: after unsuccessfully attempting to soak up some of that nice mussel broth with the fries, we asked for more bread. The response was, "Yes, er, I'll ask the chef." We all thought, what? The chef has to give us permission to eat more bread? If that was even the case, we didn't want to know. She just needed to say yes. Then she returned with only two rolls instead of 4. And there were 4 of us seated at the table. That was lame too.
Definitely will go back, probably during the day time.I visited for one reason; the deep fried cupcakes. I was having dinner with my daughter, a college student, while visting New Orleans and her bumper sticker says "make cupcakes.. not war". Small restaurant (~30 seats), very good service. Butter lettuce salad was very good. Scallops were absolutely perfect. Duck breast seemed a bit undercooked and tougher than expected. But the deep fried cupcakes were worth every penny spent.. More 4.5 than 4, but the duck keeps it from being 5. No problem parking on Monday nite. $50 per out the door