Can't wait to try more from this place in our neighborhood. The burger was almost as good as Yo Mama's. Fantastic!My friend and I had brunch here on a busy Sunday morning.  We only waited for about 20 minutes (it was predicted to be 45 minutes). The staff were friendly and accommodating. The service was also quick! I had a crab cake poboy and my friend had Eggs Lafitte. They both tasted great! So were the peach Bellini and mimosa! 
Such a good addition to the area! I'd go back!Not too good of a place find out for yourself old smelly building
I got the fried shrimp and it had no taste to it hush puppies for greasy my husband got the white beans with shrimp that was good
But I will not go back thereI have been dining at Russell's for decades.  It's always a great experience. Because of the awesome, friendly service and food, my family has celebrated many birthdays and special occasions at Russell's. I usually have breakfast, but decided to try something different this time.  Today I ordered the crab cakes, and I'm glad I did.  They were absolutely delicious!  I can't wait to return to try something new.This is my family's favorite place to bring our kids for breakfast.  They seat us fairly quickly considering they are always very busy.  They are quick to bring crayons and coloring sheets to the table for my 2 toddlers.  They also go above and beyond for for special meal requests. (we always order a large bowl of fruit and ask for more or less of certain kinds because of my picky eaters) The waitresses are very friendly and my coffee is filled often. My favorite dish is the Eggs Ponchartrain. My girls love the fresh squeezed orange juice. This restaurant is one of the few that are kid friendly and understand how to get us in and out before the kids get cranky! We all enjoy our meals and the experience is always pleasant.I have to say the food here is really good but I have to give it 3 stars because the place is yuck! My dad used to take me all the time when I was a kid, and I loved the breakfasts. The omelettes were incredible but the place has never changed its outdated decor. I know its supposed to be like a diner kind of deal but I really don't like seeing a roach crawl out of the crackers basket while eating my meal. The staff was always friendly and the place is pretty inviting but I don't like seeing bugs out in the open like that. You can only imagine what things are lurking in the kitchen. Once this place gets it together, I will go back. Needless to say, i would recommend it for a good breakfast/brunch just because the food is that good!Jumbo shrimp and grits were ok. Could use more flavor and way too much butter/oil. Made me feel sick after. Red beans and rice was good, but pork chops were way too dry.I Love this place! I just wish they had more space! The Food is amazing! Customer service is also good. Its definitely a restaurant you got to try!Is it true things taste better when they are free? On my lips and in my tummy, Russell's tastes as good as it did when it was on "their" dime. 
As a teenager with a driver's license, I had what my dad would call "gas on my chest" and  "money burning my pocket".  Meaning I would spend my parents duckies on gas to cruise around the city with no real destination and for dining out every chance I could. Lots of "their" hard earned dollars were spent here at Russell's. And for good reason. 
Russell's continues to deliver the same quality breakfast and great service as it did back then and I am drawn to it just as much as I was way back when. 
Recently, I met up with my bestie to catch up and we decided to return to our old stomping ground for some girl time. 
Breakfast was delicious (sweet potato pancakes and my BFF had the seafood omelette - both pictured below), prices are still reasonable and as usual, there was quite the crowd. On warm weather days, there is outdoor seating. During peak hours(10a -1p), the wait is usually 30-45 minutes. But totally worth the wait.I remember my parents taking me and my sister here for breakfast when I was kid, and boy, it was a delicious breakfast!
I always got their omelette covered in chilli and marinara sauce. So good!
The service was always superb as well. Very friendly!
You might be wondering why I would give this place 2 stars? Well, the last time I came here with my dad about a year or 2 ago, we saw something that most people don't want to see in a restaurant. My dad went to grab a cracker from the cracker basket and a roach crawled out of it! I didn't see it (thank God!), and he didn't tell me about it until we left because he knew it would probably stand up on the table screaming bloody murder since I'm terrified of roaches! I haven't been back since this incident. I know most restaurants have roaches, but when they're crawling on the table out in the open, then you have a problem. I've even read another review of someone experiencing a similar situation so I know it wasn't just a one time freak thing. 
They really need to take proper measures to get rid of this problem because their food and service really are excellent. I just can't bear to stomach their food though if there's a chance I'll see a roach crawling across my plate and table.I'm bummed to have to re-write my review of Russells. I think my best experiences have certainly been at breakfast. My husband and I came to dinner on a Thursday night. We ordered an onion mum, soup, and the daily special- panned chicken with Monica sauce and Mac and cheese. The onion mum had some parts that were super burnt, and some that were mushy and underdone. But we ate a good bit of it- the sauce was delicious! 
We each ordered the special- my husbands chicken  was thick and juicy. Mine was so thin you could barely see the chicken, just batter, and was over-fried to the point of the ends were too hard/dry to eat. The sauce on it was the biggest issue though. It tasted super seafood-y and just off. I scraped it off as much as I could, my husband ate it. The next day we both had stomach issues, and wondered if it was from that. The Mac and cheese was excellent, though. Overall, unless its breakfast I probably wouldn't come back.My fiancee' and I came for a very late lunch on Sunday because, well, we didn't feel like cooking.  Neither of us were that hungry, but we needed to eat something.  We started with an onion mumm, which is supposedly the original.  Not sure if that's true, but it was pretty good.  Good batter; batter stuck to the onion; and the remoulade sauce (advertised as Rosette sauce) made for an excellent dip.
I also had the Simno's Melt - Grilled Chicken breast, avocado, pepper jack cheese, romaine, tomato, smoked pecan bacon, sun dried tomato pesto on thick multigrain bread. It was, well, as advertised.  The chicken was cooked well, the avocado, cheese, and bacon seemed fresh enough, if not flavorful.  The pesto was the kicker - excellent flavor, fresh ingredients, and the perfect spread for plain old grilled chicken.
The sandwich also came with a fruit salad, a concept which I was fine with, and even preferred.  However, the fruit salad was a bit disappointing.  It had a disproportionate amount of cantaloupe, with some strawberry slices and pineapple chunks thrown in.  I have never been a cantaloupe fan, and I've always considered a fruit salad full of cantaloupe to be a copout. 
Other than that, the service was great and the prices reasonable.  We left quite satisfied.Breakfast is awesome. Service is good. Lunch so so. Fried shrimp were horrid. Chicken fingers were ok. Service is great for price point!!Great service and great food every single time! They have amazing pancakes and breakfast items as well as burgers, sandwiches, red beans, you name it. If you are interested in dessert, I highly recommend the lemon meringue pie. It can be busy on the weekends but you never have to wait long to be seated, especially with a small group. Highly recommend.I don't even remember what I ordered, as we were leaving town and I was still drunk from partying. I just know that it was goooooood! They have a homemade  jam that I'm currently feigning. Can I order some and have it shipped to me? It's the best strawberry preserves I've ever tasted. Now that I think about it, I think I had some kind of chicken and gravy. 
Our food came hot and pretty quick. They were busy, so we factored that in as well.
Our server was sweet and attentive.
My husband and best friend raved about their entrees, so we will be back next time we are down that way.Russell's came with high recommendations.  My original rate was 3 stars but the biscuits turned it into a 4. The service was good. The waitresses were nice but they switched waitress in the middle of service. I was confused. They later told me someone owed the other person a table. That makes it confusing to the customer. The food was breakfast but nothing to write home about. As I mentioned there biscuits stole the show for me. I would come back for those. The eggs weren't fluffy. They were like a cheese omelette. My French toast was thick and I loved all the berries and banana. It just didn't wow me. The sweet potato beignets were more like heavy donut holes instead of light beignets. My husband loved the chicken breast. Great menu. It just didn't make me want to run back.Boy, oh boy did I miss this place when I moved away!! Just went back to visit over New Year's and It all came back to me...this time, I had the Shrimp Omelet with "hash browns", which were more like fried potatoes, but oh-so-good. The shrimp were nice and fresh (as well they should be for a Lakefront restaurant) and the Hollandaise was perfect. My brother got the Eggs Pontchartrain and they were gone so fast I didn't get to even take a pic, much less try them!! English muffin with fried green tomatoes, poached eggs and pecan-smoked bacon, again laced with the same tasty Hollandaise. Great coffee, but even greater BLOODY MARY!!! Some say it's a pricey drink, but, honestly, $6.99 isn't too bad for a sizable Bloody Mary in a souvenir cup. Especially one that tastes this good!! Dressed with pickled okra, pickled green beans, olives, celery...can you tell I'm a fan? We even got a visit from "Big Al" (or I was told it was him, anyway...just as affable as a guy can be. No wonder Russell's is a breakfast institution! My favorite place on the Lakefront.My family and I truly enjoy dining at Russell's Marina Grill.  Nice large portions of delightfully tasty food perfectly cooked.  They only serve quality beverages and the service has always been outstanding.  Friendly smiles at the door and the wait staff aim to please...and the do follow up service throughout the meal. I have never walked away hungry from any of their meals.  Very neighborhood friendly and tourist are treated like neighbors. 
If you're looking for one of the best, this is it. Go enjoy!My sisters and I dined here today for my birthday lunch. I chose Russell's because of all the great reviews. I'm so glad We went here! Thank you Yelpers! 
To start off, we ordered the onion mumm, as seen below. The onion was fried perfectly and their dipping sauce for it was great. As for our main dishes, I had the Jumbo BBQ shrimps and grits, my sisters had the eggs 9th and eggs gentilly. Everything was so flavorful! When I received my shrimp and grits, I thought it would be like a good size plate for lunch. Let's just say, that I now have dinner, which I'm super stoked about! I was able to try my sister's plates also and omg they're good. I'm drooling just thinking about it again. I definitely recommend Russell's if you're wanting good food.Very good brunch spot. We've become regulars over the years, and spent many Sunday mornings there.Love this place! Even though it was packed the wait wasn't bad and our food came out really fast. The fresh squeezed OJ is a must. Everyone there is friendly and our server Louis was phenomenal. They definitely know how to run a restaurant and you can't beat the food for the price!Lovely place!! Friendly staffs- you got to try this place. I ordered Egg# 9 and it was delicious. 
The only thing is that there was a wait of 30 minutes. They asked us if we want to sit outside or wait longer. We decided to eat outside even though it was hot. The chairs outside are not comfortable but we really enjoy this place.I had breakfast here this morning, I had the BBQ shrimp with grits!   It was totally delicious!  The biscuit was amazing.   I need to mention that Russell's may have the Best Bloody Mary I have ever had!   I need to say, I have had many from all around!   Delicious!!!I've been to Russell's Maria a couple of times for lunch and for brunch. This most recent Sunday Brunch was wildly popular. Our wait was about 35 minutes with people still spilling in and putting their name on the list. If you want to get seated fast get here before 10:30 - parking is a bit hard to find around this area.
We got both the fried artichoke hearts (served with Rosette Sauce, $6.99) and fried eggplant (served with marinara sauce $6.99). Both were delicious, but I highly suggest the fried artichoke hearts because they are delicious and the Rosette Sauce was to die for.
I really wanted the chicken and waffles but had an issue with waffles at the last brunch restaurant I went to, instead I opted in for the Greek Omelet that came with feta cheese, kalamata olives, tomatoes, and onions. It also came with a side (sweet potato fries) and a toast or biscuit. 
The omelet was ok...not that great. I'm glad we had the appetizers because I would have left pretty disappointed. Two of the people at the table got the sweet potatoe pancakes and they were delicious!Incredible hospitality. Food is tasty. Peanut Butter pie is to die for. One if my favorite restaurants.Haven't been here in a couple years. Father's Day, no reservation, party of 4. Got seated in about  in about 15 minutes. YES!!! Fried Pickles were awesome. All  the appetizer plates had chunks of food on them, as if they were not rinsed enough after washing. He never brought new, clean ones after handing him back the dirty ones. She had Chicken Fried Steak Platter and I had eggs and CFS. When the plates came out, looked like a mountain of chicken fried goodness. Wife cut into hers as I dug into my eggs. 3 cuts in and nothing but breading. As if the steak shrunk inside  the breading. It was a breading pocket void of any filling. I dug into mine and same story. Meat had shrunk. When I did hit steak it tasted freezer burned. Service wasn't as great as I remember. Server seemed lost/untrained. Asked for another cup of coffee and half and half, took about 5 minutes (while half of the wait staff was standing by the wall) just to get the coffee. Had to ask for half and half again. Left hungry and sweaty. Felt like they killed A/C right before closing time. Manager did come to ask what was wrong and to get details.  Offered a free dessert after we paid the bill and were on our way out. It was way too hot to stay another minute.Nice setting. I love this place. If you like a noisy surrounding this is your place . Food is amazing!!Staff was very friendly.  Food was average at best, except for the homemade jelly, which was excellent.Russell's is a solid diner with NOLA standards. It's where you can take your Granny (or in my case little niece's) and everyone is happy. Of course, the littlest niece wanted to eat fries and not her chicken strips but that was just contrariness.
I had a delicious shrimp wrap last time I was there. And the pancakes at the next table looked delicious. The fried shrimp that my niece had were tasty too. 
The staff is good to great and the environs are pretty amazing since they look pretty much like it always has to me...and that's pretty impressive considering the damage in 2005. 
After you finish your brunch/breakfast/lunch (but no dinner in post-K world), take a drive along the lakefront.My daughter suggested this spot and I figured why not?  We haven't ever been there before and after reading some of the reviews here, I thought it couldn't be that bad...boy was I wrong...
We walked in and it is unseasonably hot here in New Orleans right now and were so looking forward to nice cool air conditioning in the restaurant, that was not the case.   We were initially sat on the right hand side of the restaurant but quickly moved to the left as it was slightly cooler and there was a ceiling fan over us.  I almost didn't want to stay due to how warm it was, but it was getting late and I didn't have another option in mind, so onward and upward....
We ordered drinks, coffee for her and iced tea for me.  I like a LITTLE sugar in my tea, so I usually get it half and half, mostly un-sweet.  I'm glad the tea was cut, otherwise I might have gone into a diabetic coma on the spot, egads it was sweet.  The waitress went and fixed me another one, and put only a splash of sweet in it that time (I saw her make it) and damn, it was still sweet, but it was a LOT better.  I stayed with that...It is customary for us when we try a new place to do a whole taste, from appetizer to entrée to dessert.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer and they were yummy!  I thought, SCORE we're in for a real treat.  I am allergic to honey so be forewarned, their remoulade sauce contains honey and I asked for some ranch for mine to dip.  Their ranch is absolutely divine, and the perfect complement to the fried green tomatoes.
I ordered spaghetti and meatball - yes only ONE meatball and the meatball tasted strangely like ground up cat food - the kiddo's take on it, mine, it was just YUCKY.  I sent the whole thing back and did not order anything else, I was afraid at this point because my daughter who had ordered some sort of egg white omelet was seriously unimpressed with her food as well, since it was loaded with mushrooms, I believed her, because I would not taste it.  She choked down about a quarter of the omelet, took the rest to go (which ended up in the trash bin before we even got home) and we put our reservations aside and ordered the lemon ice box pie for dessert.  I don't know what we were thinking, thought it might be good, alas, it was not.  The pie was barely cold and the taste was very off putting and it was topped with some kind of meringue, reminiscent of marshmallow fluff, and not egg whites.  Our waitress took away the one piece and brought us another, but the second piece was just as bad as the first and we just had her take that one away too.
While the manager did remove the spaghetti and the pie from our bill, and our server was gracious, the food will prevent us from ever returning.  The sole star in my review was for the fried green tomatoes, as they were fantastic, it's sad the rest of our experience wasn't as stellar.At this point I don't even care what the food might taste like if I am lucky enough to get some. I've waited forever for my drink and a really long time and I'm still waiting for food. The service makes a place with slow service seem really good. To top it all off my table has yet to be wiped clean from the last group.Don't expect to get seated right away, but expect a damn fine meal.Russel's is my go to breakfast place. It's busy, bustling and noisy on any given weekend morning.  It's a real neighborhood joint.
They have so many delicious breakfast selections, that it's hard to choose.  When I decide to behave myself, I have the vegetarian omelet.  It's so tasty that I don't feel like I'm missing out.  Cheese, spinach, bell pepper and onion, served with a flavorful red sauce.  
But......when I'm prepared to consume all of my calories before 9:00 a.m. I go for the Eggs Pontchartrain.  It's amazing! A creamy, rich, poached egg atop a fluffy English muffin, sweet, crispy bacon, a fried green tomato and smothered in hollandaise sauce.  It's is one of those dishes that are worthy of a diet ditch day.
My daughter always orders a chocolate chip waffle and luckily it's too big for her to finish.  I'm happy to help her clean her plate.  
I really love this place.I stopped here with my friends on our way to Florida after leaving New Orleans and I'm glad we did! It has the diner, mom and pop sort of feel. The prices are fantastic, you get a large amount of food with good service for a great price. I got the buttermilk pancakes and my friends got the waffles, omelettes, hash browns and eggs Benedict.I wanted to take a guest to the lake area so we met at Marina Grill. Our server was wonderful and our table comfortable. Their breakfast menu is one of my favorite. I wasn't particularly hungry so I got a breakfast appetizer of an andouille grits cake with a bechemel sauce. Divine. Sister had oatmeal with candied walnuts and dried cranberries. Others in our party ordered more standard fare. All food was good, coffee refilled promptly. Would have been a five star if it weren't for that little roach I saw on the wall.....yeah this place is awesome.    and has a bar as well.  a killer bloody mary they are known for, and even a breakfast served and priced with that bloody mary.
today we had eggs ponchartrain.    thats eggs benedict with english muffin, wilted spinach, fried oysters, and poached eggs and hollandaise with praline bacon sprinkles.
sweet potato beignets
oyster and artichoke soup
my man had a killer burger with everything on it.
wait staff super friendly, and quick on their feet.   very informative, and big smiles.   other staff who weren't even our waiter/waitress also very friendly and smiling.  this place just reeks of old skool new orleans.
highly recommend this one.THIS is the type of place I've been waiting for.  The best breakfast in NOLA.  
In a city drowning in "cajun/creole" influence, Russell's stands out. Located next to the beautiful marina, in an easy to find location. They have their share of Cajun/Creole items on the menu but the menu is unique.  This is one of the few places that have Belgium waffles -TRUE Belgium waffles.  They have eggs beni several ways. Over crab cakes, fried catfish, or fried green tomatoes and bacon. If you come after 10:30am, the lunch menu is also available. Several salads, burgers, and wraps.      
I went with the fried green tomatoes and bacon eggs beni. I requested poached medium and it was the most perfectly poached egg I have ever had!  That in itself is a feat at any restaurant. The bacon smoky and crisp.  The fried green tomato also amazingly crisp. The hollindaise light and creamy, not at all oily. I loved everything about this dish. The side of hashbrowns I could have done without. They were seasoned well but overcooked.  I saw some crispy (fried) homefries pass by me and was so dissapointed I didnt get those. Apparently you have to ask for "crispy hashbrowns", because I didnt see it on the menu.  The soup of the day was tomato basil. That too was delicous. I could have eaten a big bowl of that and half a sandwich and been in heaven. I tasted an omlete topped with their homemade chili. The chili is great. The side of grits... horrible. Just plain grits, no milk, cream, butter, or seasoning at all. If the sides were better it would be a solid 5 stars. 
Plates run $10-$13 which isnt cheap but I've paid that much at several other breakfast places and had horrible food.  My plate was worth every penny.  
Service was very fast.  With crowds of people waiting outside, we were told 20min wait. It was indeed 20 mins. We were seated, greated, and stuffed full in 30mins! With a house full of people, thats impressive.  I love that everything is made in house. No frozen products here.  So fresh and delicious. 
I will be back.Yummmmmm - olaaa! Really comforting seafood 
Service was poor but the cook is ON POINT !I've been several times on visits to New Orleans and every time been a great experience in both service and food quality.As a new resident of the New Orleans area, I have been trying new places here and there.
Recently after a Mardi Gras bender, I awoke at 2PM in search of a brunch. My date and I settled on Russell's due to its menu and price looking appealing, as well as being extremely close by.
After getting turned around by Siri, we made our way in and found a booth without any wait. After searching the menu for a minute we both settled on the House Special with a side of hash browns. The house special is 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and a choice of bacon or sausage. The waitress was extremely helpful and made a half bacon/half sausage order work perfectly, as both were extremely good. The hash browns were actually what I would call breakfast potatoes, but they were well seasoned and tasty.
The pancakes were amazing. Huge cakes of amazing batter that I smothered in delicious house syrup. I can't get enough of these pancakes! I would love to try the sweet potato pancakes but it will be hard to deviate from such a tried and true formula.
Also on my to-do list is the Eggsaints's #33, which looked absolutely to die for at the table next to us.
Will return, and the sooner the better! Bottom line: GET THE PANCAKESStood around for 30 minutes waiting for a table. When I checked where we were at on the list they had skipped us. Guess it is pretty complicated to call names off a list.I got the French toast with fruit and cinnamon it is seriously so much food I ended up taking half home but it was really good. Portions are huge and food is always greatEat breakfast here every Friday.   Best eggs Benedict in town.  Enjoy the atmosphere of fifties diner.This restaurant is outdated in a bad way. Dusty plastic plants as decor as well as other hideous features. The food is pretty bad. I think McDonalds has a better product. The hash browns are like mushy mashed potatoes, & its down hill from there. Also there is nothing cheap about it. There are dozens of other breakfast joints in nola that knock the socks off this place. I had the famous sweet potato pancakes. So gross, had a few bites & abandoned the rest. Also their parking lot is a nasty cess pool of dirty mop water & grease traps being cleaned. Horrible!!!!!!After my initial poor review, my husband and I decided to go for breakfast. We had a delicious meal. He had French toast and I had the chicken fried steak. We shared fried pickles. The place was packed beyond belief, but we still got checked on frequently by our waitress. The food did not take too long to come out. We would definitely come back for breakfast, and may even give dinner another try as well.I've never been here before. Met friends for lunch. A bit of a wait but if you're fine with sitting on the patio, there is no wait. Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys were a plus , not to mention the great food and service.The food here is decent/good BUT don't order delivery. They don't listen to any of the comments (dressing on side... yeah no). They give you 0 utensils with your order. They also delivered it with a soup that spilled :(Russell's is unassuming from the outside, but inside, the food and service is excellent.  The menu had breakfast, lunch and dinner options. Gumbo was very good, and the orange juice was really fresh squeezed.  Eggs Benedict was made just right. Waffle with sugar and cinnamon was very good. The healthy breakfast platter had scrambled eggs whites, grilled chicken and pancakes with blueberries and pecans. 
Service was very attentive and fast.  
Great place!Russell's has always been a local favorite as long as I can remember.  Good breakfast at a fair price and never disappointed until lately.  It seems times have changed and so have the prices.  
But where I draw the line is roaches sharing the table with you while you eat.  Recently went in for breakfast with my family only to have an uninvited large cockroach join us at the table. And as my wife screamed in disbelief and fled the table the waitress response was only to grab it with a napkin and just apologize. To top it all off we were virtually ignored afterwards and handed the bill.  What a disgrace. The least the could do was move us to another table and or discount our breakfast.  But we heard from no one from management and only I'm sorry. How gross and disgusting to think what the kitchen is like. We will never be back. Eat at your own risk.I wasn't given enough word space on the photo I added to adequately express my feelings about this restaurant. Let me recap. This is the most turnt breakfast I've ever been to. Meatballs in the morning? You got it. Waffles with those meatballs? In a heartbeat. Mimosa with no Oj? Done. Mimosa with no champagne? *laughs**dabs* done. Come eat here. Even if there's a wait. *dabs* *comes up for air* *dabs again*Delicious brunch food, gorgeous outdoor seating, and wonderful waitstaff! We sat outside with a beautiful view, and although our meal wasn't coursed exactly on time, the whole thing was fairly prompt considering how busy they were, and the waitress knew how to handle us and the cook times well. Absolutely will come back! I recommend a fresh mimosa and the Eggs Ponchartrain! Not to mention a successful credit card roulette!I too used to enjoy this place but the last few times we have taken out of town guest to, I was really disappointed.  Today I brought my mother and my two sisters.  They ordered the pancakes and eggs which they said were good (but how can you mess that up, right)  I ordered egg's benedict and it really had no seasoning on the dish.  My mother ordered crab cakes and they were not lump crabmeat but made with shredded crab, breaded and were fried (almost burnt) and had no real flavor.  The drinks were subpar as well.  The mimosa was mostly orange juice in a juice glass and the bloody mary's were not flavorful and really couldn't tell if they had much alcohol in them at all.  
For these reason's I think I will be trying a new breakfast/brunch.Great, honest diner experience. Very tasty food for a good price. Extremely friendly staff. We grabbed seats at the bar but there would have been a 25 minute wait for at table for 2 at 10.30 on a Sunday morning. Famous for bloody Mary's but we were driving. No space in the carpark but managed to dump it somewhere close like everyone else.I unknowingly stepped into a brunch jackpot!!! The prices are fair, the food quality is excellent and the service is terrific! It doesn't look like much on the outside. Hell...it doesn't look like much on the inside either....but man this place really surprised me and I'm rarely impressed when it comes to brunch in New Orleans. I had the eggs lafitte and my boyfriend had the eggs #33. Both were amazing and we shared back and forth. If your at ALL a Bloody Mary fan...you must have it here. It's loaded with spice which is how I prefer them. Whatever the romoulade sauce is that they drape over their eggs is amazing! I'm still dreaming about it at night... 
My only complaint is that this place closes at 3pm on most days during the week. I would frequent it more often if it had later hours. However, I went there on a yelp-recommended whim while I was in the area and it was 2:40 p.m. on a Sunday when I walked through the door (20 minutes before they were due to close)....but nevertheless they sat us and told us to take our time with our meal. Very friendly! They never made us feel rushed even when they were "technically closed" and we were stilling in the process of finishing up and closing out our tab.
It may look like a little hole in the wall "mom and pop" atmosphere diner at first glance, but give this place a try if you are at all a lover of brunch and a good spicy Bloody Mary. The same brunch menu and large portions will cost you at least double the price anywhere else in this city. I plan on coming back and trying out more of their brunch menu options.
P.S.- They do more than just brunch! Their poboys look great also :-)YUM ! I love this place!! The fried green tomatoes eggs Benedict are SO good! And the shrimp and grits!! It's very low key, atmosphere is laid back diner type feel. It is slightly overpriced but just so good I don't care!Tip: They have one of the best salmon salads that I've ever eaten! 
The place is always busy. There is always a wait. 
The service is always great though! 
I love their breakfast menu. I recommend the eggs Gentilly.  It's two poached eggs with hollandaise sauce, crumbled bacon and fried oysters. Amazingly tasty!I'm a fan. Russel's is great for a breakfast or lunch spot.  I have been going here for years and I usually get the Special breakfast (2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 strips of bacon) for $6.99.  I can actually split this with someone else it is such a huge breakfast and they even serve it on separate plates for you.  The pancakes are HUGE consider yourself warned.  If you get orange juice here take note it is fresh squeezed, no sugary concentrate here, so it may throw you off a bit.  Service is always fast, and courteous. Even of there is a wait you will get sat quickly. The food is always hot and fresh and made to order. Their hashbrowns are yummy garlicy potatoes which I highly recommend.  You can't go wrong at russell'sStopped here because I was playing golf in City Park and I figured with a name like "Russell's Marina Grill", that it would be in the marina, on the water... NOPE. Oh well, the food was still very very good. It was the typical run-of-the-mill diner food,  but with a little extra local Nawlins' flair.Great fast service and food was made with quality and time. Being a pilot i travel a lot and needed a good meal all I have to go off of is locals recommendations which in this case paid off. Shrimp and grits is my favorite and I will come back!Great ! Love getting brunch and lunch here -- the lunch specials are a steal! You get a dessert with your meal! And their lemon pie is amazing! Staff is always helpful; It's a great place for families.Stopped in for a little Valentine's Day breakfast with my boyfriend and our waiter was Justin! BEST service we've ever experienced ANYWHERE! Justin was knowledgeable about menu items and suggested a grit cake as my side (which I've never tried) and am officially a fan of! He got our food out quickly and correctly and his personality was very friendly! We enjoyed our breakfast tremendously and would suggest Russels Marina Grill as well as our new friend JUSTIN To anyone and everyone! Thanks Justin!Been visiting the Marina Grill since the original owner back in....I think the 1980's.  Always been and hopefully always will be my all time FAVORITE breakfast place ever!  The only negative about the breakfast is the grits.  Only City Diner has worse grits.  
Everything I have tried on the menu is above average food, large portions, fair prices, and overall good value for the money.  
So happy they decided to open for dinner Thursday through Saturday.  I missed the old days pre Katrina when Russell's was open late. It was a favorite spot after a night out.  Slowly the night hours have returned! 
The menu has much to choose from, the wait staff are better than most upscale restaurants.  The atmostphere is friendly, and  many of the customers are "regulars" at this establishment.
They could do a better job on cleanliness, but I assume the restaurant stays so busy it is difficult to keep up with the cleaning.  
Absolutely I  recommend this restaurant to others.We ate breakfast here and it was so delicious! I got the Shrimp Omelet with that Monica sauce! Yummmmmyyyy! Very family local restaurant! Seating can be a bit tight, but it's business and got make room to sit down to have customer eating. It doesn't ruin the experience but something I remember initially sitting down.Girly and I went to the marina to look at a boat to buy (don't ask). We got hungry and stopped at Wasabi. Decided seafood twice in two days wasn't a good idea so crossed the street to Russell's.
 It's really a family type place and is NOT the place to go if you want a quiet meal. Even with all the construction going on outside (redoing the levy wall for the 5th time-Got to love state contractors) it was still louder inside.
We ordered one of their versions of a blooming onion (Soggy in places. Not too bad) and green fried tomatoes (Not too bad).
Girly got the fried chicken fingers (A little  dry but good flavor).
I got the chicken fried steak (oddest version I've ever had.). It was sort of like...er..a thin beaten piece of roast beef. Tasty, but odd. The batter was crispy and nicely spiced. All in all it would probably be a winner. An odd winner, but a winner. 
The only thing I can say bad about it was the gravy. weet like Dessert Gravy (Mmmm..dessert gravy).
The waitress (Who seriously looked like Anna Gasteyer from SNL) said it was rosemary, but I know rosemary.
That was SUGAR, Sweety. Now do that Sweaty Balls skit from the show, please???
[EDIT]
Almost forgot. Do NOT order the peas with your dish. I love peas..but what they brought out made English Mushy peas that have been left out for three days seem like caviar.
Final verdict, it's not too bad. Not dangerous. Just hope nothing worse than sugar and salt gets confused in that kitchen.Greatest. Breakfast. Ever. Hands down. 
My only complaint is the line gets so long if you don't time it right -- but it's worth the wait. (Lunch menu is great too!)Big Portions and great food. Definitely my preferred Sunday breakfast destination. Haven't really been there besides for breakfast thoughThis is a very popular eating spot at the Lakefront and its a kicked up gourmet diner with typical staples and strong NOLA influences.  Lots of people like breakfast here but I'm not a big breakfast person and I prefer their sandwiches and entrees.  They have a nice selection of seafood options here and very good burger.  They make their own desserts and have some seriously good pies.  The biggest issue here is typically getting in as it seems to be crowded most of the time as this restaurant has a perfect combination of good food with a great spot on the lake.  Overall most of the food here is a good value for the amount and quality of food you get.Russell'sis old New Orleans at it's best.... The food is really good, not froo-froo food that you have to mortgage the house to pay for & then you are still hungry when you leave! Not at Russell's! You have to try "Eggs to the 9th" ... so very decadent ... two crab cakes full of crab-meat (not breadcrumbs) topped with eggs, sauce, crab & shrimp & a side.  If you want quiet or quick service don't go to Russell's on Sunday; there's a line .. but, people in the line talk to each other & if you're from out of town & have any ?'s somebody'll answer them ...
if you want old New Orleans at it's absolute best ... I'll see you Sunday morning at Russell'sAfter hearing so many good things about this place, we decided to give it a go. Overall our food was decent, but we weren't highly impressed. I ordered the sweet potato pancakes with eggs, bacon and grits. The pancakes were decent but didn't knock me off my feet. The grits were good though. My husband ordered the "eggs 9" which were two poached eggs on top of crab cakes in a hollandaise sauce. The crab cakes were terrible. They tasted like crab mush and the hollandaise sauce was absolutely terrible and drowned everything on the plate. We both agreed we would like to give this place another go, but just try something different this time.This was our first stop after traveling 16 hours from pittsburgh and we were not disappointed.  Crab cake benedict was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Bloody Mary's were also amazing.  This will definitely be a place we will return to.Can't go wrong at Russell's Marina Grill for a decent breakfast and good service. It's a little loud on the weekends and you'll have to wait a bit but they get you in and out pretty efficiently, the food is good, fresh and decent size servings, prices are fair and the wait staff is friendly.The food here was amazing! No surprise, it's amazing every time I come! In the past, I've had delicious sweet potato pancakes that were out of this world. This time, I had the eggs benedict. The eggs were poached perfectly, there was actually runny yolk in the center and were not overcooked like the last few places I've had this dish! 
One of my family members had the catfish almondine with creamed spinach, corn casserole and a corn muffin. I had a taste and it was so delicious. We also got an order of onion rings for the table, they were crisp and no trace of grease.
I really enjoyed the meal. This is going to be put in my regular rotation!I'm a big fan of breakfast foods and this place had a wide variety of breakfasts to choose from. I ordered a cheese omelet with a biscuit and hash browns and a pancake. It seemed pretty crowded when we got there, but they took us within minutes! 
The service was super-friendly and everything came out pretty quickly. People I was with got the chicken and waffles which I thought was ok. The waffle was delicious, but the chicken fingers just tasted average. They did come with a maple dipping sauce, but I didn't try that.
Price was about average to a little above average for a diner-esqe place-- 71 dollars for 4 people.Great service but the food is just okay except for the alligator sausage. I've eaten here many times and the potatoes always suck. I'd rather cook breakfast at home.This is the best little brunch spot! Located in Lakeview it has a big parking lot which is super convenient, great service, and excellent food. I often take people here after I pick them up from the airport as its a short detour on the way back into the city. 
My favorite thing to get is the "Eggs Lafitte", Eggplant rounds, fried green tomato, and a poached egg topped with lump crab meat...if you aren't already drooling, check out this pic. Ordering it with an ice cold glass bottle of Barq's sends it over the edge.OMG French Toast!!  It's not the best french toast I've had but this is one of my friend's favorite places so if I'm going to go I have to get the french toast.  Someone posted a pic on here of them and the small cup of hash browns I also have to order.  I emphasize small.  If I'm coming here it means we were out late last night... I'm going to need about 3 of those sides to satisfy that craving.  
It always seems crazy busy but it never seems to take more than 10 minutes to get seated.  This isn't the place to go for a long drawn out breakfast.  You come in, scarf, and get out.  Take it for what it is.Eggs Benedict with crispy French Fries & a Bloody Mary.I honestly didn't enjoy the atmosphere. Im not into the whole race card thing. If I walk in an restaurant I don't care what your race is, if the food is good & vibe is right I will be back. When I walked in one morning, the employees were looking at my friend and I like we were in the wrong place. They sat us to the right side of the door away from other people. Yes, they did have people in the restaurant on the left which were white people. As we sat and ate they watched us as if we were going to run out. I don't even want to give them 1 star. I have a waffle & my friend have shrimp and grits. The cooks were black but the other employees were white. Color does not bother me until you disrespect me. There I felt very disrespected and disappointed. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!The food is always on point! Had their amazing crab cakes with poached eggs. 
Service is excellent.This place was awesome!
I expected wait based on the reviews but we were actually seated right away which was nice. 
The waitress was super friendly, food took a little longer than I would have liked but it was so good that I forgot about that after I ate
We will definitely be adding this into our rotation of brunch spots