Fantastic restaurant, food, service and ambience! I'm usually skeptical about fusion type places however they really created something new and delicious! Order the small plate appetizers, we practically licked the plates! Next time I'm going to try the gumbo curry....The only great Indian food in New Orleans, and some of the best I've ever had (including plenty of home-cooked meals from Indian friends and, more importantly, their mothers).The best lamb I have ever had, hands down. It was more tender and juicy than any steak, packed with more flavor than expected with such small pieces of meat. Even though they are only open on Fridays, I am definitely coming back again. ORDER THE LAMB CHOPS IT IS A MUST.  
I have ordered lamb before at many other places, and none have compared. 
For appetizer we had the crab dish. It was crab lump cake, with a side of delicious sauces to compliment. Let me tell you, the sauces are what makes that appetizer. The crab cake was okay, but dipping it in the sauce was what made it good.
My friend ordered the scallops. The flavor was delivered, the presentation beautiful, the aroma was on point. However, the scallops were a little chewy to my liking. Still good, but I'd probably try something else the next time I go. 
If you order an alcoholic beverage get the Mango Mohito. OMG. Talk about yummy.We just had the nicest meal at Saffron Nola!
The location is very unassuming (Westbank strip mall off Belle Chasse Hwy) but the restaurant is attractive and well appointed. The service was outstanding through every phase of the meal. When we arrived for our 7pm reservation, there were just a few other tables occupied, but in a very short time, the restaurant was full and bustling with happy diners.
We started off splitting appetizers: Fish Amritsari Chennai and Curried Gumbo. The fish was delicious, but I couldn't stop raving about the gumbo with curry. It was fantastic. The thoughtful waitress knew we were splitting it and had the kitchen put it in two separate little bowls for us. Nice touch. We also got an order of garlic naan.
For entrées, my companion had the herb-crusted salmon. He wished it had been a little more "done", but that was his fault for ordering it rare. Nevertheless, he happily ate every bite and said the flavors were wonderful.
I had the Tamarind shrimp, which was a little bit sweet and tangy and a touch spicy and all-around delicious. I was very happy with it, although I was still waxing poetic over the gumbo...
No room for dessert, so that will have to be a next-time thing!
I can't say enough how attentive and friendly the service was, from the owner down to the busser. The owner made the rounds of the tables, and stopped for probably five minutes to talk with us about his business and his menu. Very nice of him. 
FYI I had wine with dinner, so any liquor license issues mentioned in other posts are now resolved.
Bear in mind that they are only open for dining-in on Fridays and for brunch on select Sundays. The rest of the time, Saffron is a catering business.Great food great people that own it and very friendly staff. The lamb chops are great along with everything else on the menu.First, I am not a professional reviewer, just someone who appreciates quality food as well as good service and decor.
Visiting from Michigan and looking for a good Indian restaurant, my son recommended Saffron nola. That happened to have been an excellent suggestion. This is one great dining experience. I highly recommend checking Saffron out if you want a quality filled, high end meal with true Indian flavors.
The decor is modern and clean with a very nice bar area. As for the bar, you will not be disappointed with the selection of spirits, as well as the "speciality" cocktails they produce. Although a bit pricey for some of the premium brands, there are enough choices from which to choose any type of alcohol to suit your desires. The noise level was moderate and conversations between my son and I were easily heard without having to shout, even with high ceilings.
The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgeable and there was plenty of support staff to make certain our water glasses as well as empty dishes, and proper flatware for each course were addressed throughout the meal. 
Although there were no specials on the night we dined,  the selections from the menu were more than adequate. There were plenty of choices from which to choose, as each meal had a distinctive flavor with just the slightest hint of Indian flavor. The spices and herbs were present, but not overpowering. 
This is one fine establishment, that among many on Magazine Street will survive past the initial WOW stage of new eateries.Great sauces with unusual combinations of ingredients. Adventurous culinary experience. Service excellent and with a smile. Have fun!I am from India and have been to many Indian restaurants but this is the most classy and flavorful place I have been to so far. Great food, great drinks and awesome service. Highly recommended!What a GEM!! So happy that we got lazy after getting into town last night and cancelled our reservations at Brennen's and found this place! I called ahead and made a reservation for 8:30, we were greeted and seated right away. The Chef walked around and greeted each table and actually turned our whole table to make it more comfortable for us since we enjoy sitting beside each other and sharing everything.Holy sh!t this place is amazing. First and foremost, what they've done to revitalize this space is uncanny. It's easily one of the most beautiful restaurants I've ever seen. It's hard to say which was better between the food and the service because they were both sublime. This is one of those places where you start planning your next trip before you finish your first meal there.The wait is finally over!  Saffron Nola is open 6 days a week on Magazine Street!  A group of us went on opening night, August 3rd for the first seating. The place rocked!  The staff, the food, the drinks, and the ecstatic guests!  Between the five of us, we dug into the oysters, the truffle naan, the Nariyal fish, the beetroot tikki, the chennai fish, the goat meat curry, the pork vindaloo, the shrimp, and to top it off - the chocolate chai dessert!  Each dish was an award-winner!  The restaurant greatly exceeded our expectations!   It has been a labor of love for the owners and their staff, and it shows!  Am going back again tonight!I sat in this place wondering why oh why is it so popular. Besides the fact that it is only open once a week (Friday), the food was not as good as what I have read. Do not get me wrong, they serve good food, but it isn't, as they say all that. Perhaps it is the best Indian food on the West Bank, maaaaybe New Orleans, but not a wondrous thing to behold. 
I think my biggest problem with the place was the service. I admit, we did not make reservations. I presume that is important for a restaurant that opens once a week, but while we were accommodated, it felt like we invaded the place. Every time we wanted more drinks or bread, they brushed us off.  
So if you are looking for an elegant but comfortable place, I would recommend go somewhere else. If you want some good Indian food, go to Nirvana on Magazine Street. But avoid Saffron, it ain't all that.This place is the real deal (trust me I'm Indian ;)! No, not all Indians know each other, I didn't meet them until dining here tonight and I can honestly say the Vilkhu family is doing something really special here in a very authentic and successful way.  The food, cocktails and decor are all a beautiful blend of modern and traditional while avoiding the common Indian restaurant cliches, thanks to the involvement of two generations. I've been to many fusion Indian restaurants across the country, most miss the mark, this one gets it right. Highly recommended (by an Indian, remember) for your time in NOLA.What a hidden Gem outside the French quarter. It may take some effort to make it out to this one if you're visiting but it's well well worth the effort. It's a beautiful sit down restaurant with careful attention to detail of both the food and the service. We enjoyed the food and the drinks tremendously. From the color, aroma to the taste all parts of your culinary experience will be fulfilled! I know this almost sounds like an ad but this is honestly how much we enjoyed the place!OMG!  We were blown away from the moment we walked in the door until we walked, umm, rolled out.  Food, service, atmosphere - all were fantastic.  Between the 3 of us we covered a fair sampling of the menu and all of it was spot on.  Others at the table said it rivaled Indian food they'd eaten in London & Vancouver.  I would like to keep this place a secret but it's really too amazing not to share!  Totally worth the trip.The best Indian restaurant I've been to!  Fresh ingredients, well-prepared, and artistically presnted.  My small party of four ordered a wide range of dishes, all were excellent.  The spices complimented the other tastes.  The dry-rub style yielded a clean tasty, and was a refreshing change from the gloppy, sweet sauces that most Indian restaurants use.   The preparation and presentation demonstrates meticulous attention to detail.  Service was attentive and knowledgeable, even though the place was busy and compelled them to rush.  The atmosphere was convivial, and not so loud it prevented conversation.  The tile floor and glass windows make the acoustics live, and make it noisier.  Impressive, and highly recommended.  Licated on an old, busy commercial street, close to boutique shopping, parks.  Accessible by bus, taxi, safe parking if you are driving, or streetcar and a 20 minute walk.Food was good.  Unfortunately despite a long discussion with waiter about nut allergy, somehow nuts were in food, probable cross contamination.  Spent the night vomiting. Spoke with management who said he would follow up and call back.  Have heard nothing.  No recompense not even a complimentary dessert or cocktail.  I spent $100 to be poisoned.  This is not how you run an upscale restaurant.  If they aren't professional about food allergies then what else is wrong?This restaurant did not live up to the hype. I didn't taste any curry in the curried gumbo and it needed salt. I had the roti sathi, and other than the gobi, it was all underwhelming. Also, I've had roti everywhere from Amsterdam to Barbados, and their roti tasted like whole wheat tortillas. Everything needed more flavor, but the service was very good.We made a trek through the Westbank for a special birthday dinner with friends to Saffron NOLA. They are only open on Friday, so you really need a reservation. Our Indian food options in New Orleans are few and lackluster and I'd been dying to try this place that was touted as fine dining Indian and the best in the city. 
When we walked in, they didn't have my reservation. As it turned out, I had accidentally made the reservation on Open Table for Saffron in Austin instead of Saffron NOLA. They were very nice about it and accommodated us anyway. 
The place is in a strip mall and doesn't look like much on the outside but is pretty and charming inside. We started with a modestly productive card but excellent bottle of wine and a special appetizer that was an experience of pouring broth into little pastry cups filled with veggies. Fun and delicious! 
Two friends had the vegetarian sampler which was a silver platter full of little silver bowls of yummy veggie goodness and various chutneys. The eggplant was exceptional and we enjoyed the whole plate. My vegetarian friend was in heaven. We also had the Tikki Marsala chicken which was divine and possibly the best I've ever had. Another friend had the lamb chops and was very pleased. Overall, the service and experience was wonderful and we all declared we would be back soon. Completely worth the trip across the river!This place is incredible. I went with four others, and we all had something different.  I got the lamb chops (which was the winning dish).  Another friend got the beef filet dish which was also very good.  We had the mango salad and the cauliflower....again, all was good.  The waitstaff was on top of their game, and the owner was very attentive to us.
They are only open Friday night, and the rest of the time the restaurant is closed, but they operate as a catering business which must be very successful if they can close six days a week.  The owner said for the catering side, they do not specialize in Indian food, but all types of cuisine.
If you dine here, you cannot go wrong.Absolutely loved our dinner here! One of our favorite spots in NOLA, and we try to hit all the top restaurants here (new and old) when we come. Fantastic drinks, fantastic service, and fantastic food. I love how they add an Indian flare to classics like the Old Fashioned, the seafood gumbo, and the flan. Our favorites were the apps: Bombay shrimp and chicken lasooni. The shrimp was probably one of my favorite shrimp preparations I've ever had, and that chicken flavor was perfect! The garlic naan was absolutely heavenly and we kept ordering more. The goat masala was pretty bomb too. My only criticism would be to add some more spice level.Why oh why must you tease me Saffron Nola? Once a week, really? Come on!
I am addicted to Indian food. So addicted that we circled the lot about thirty times looking for a spot. We finally found one and headed in. Our persistence definitely paid off.
The space is just lovely. Warm, cozy and romantic. The service is wonderful. Then the food. Oh, the food. It's delicate and wonderful. We had the crab app (skip that) the gumbo...get this!, Chicken Tikki Masala (holy fuck yes) and lamb chops. 
Perfect from start to finish. We even had the owner stop by our table and say hello. 
Now if they were only open every night..One of the more impressive meals I have ever been blessed to enjoy. The restaurant came with a sizable reputation, having recently been honored with a national James Beard nomination for Best New Restaurant. It is absolutely one of the hottest spots in the city, and with good reason. The physical space is beautifully appointed, with an intelligently thought out and creative combination of classy, old school New Orleans mixed with an Indian, traditional flair. Everyone greeted us like we were family, which was exceedingly kind and somewhat unexpected, as it was as they opened on a Sunday morning. My younger sister, a NOLA resident and fan of the place, had worked with the father & son owners who cook everything and expertly run the place, on a special brunch menu for our party. We were quickly escorted to a private dining room upstairs, and the service and quality of dining experience couldn't have been better. After champagne, the cocktail list was introduced and literally everything that we tried was delicious. I went outside my normal orders and snagged the Anti-Inflammatory. Like a smooth and boozy "Indian-style" White Russian, this delectable combo was cognac, turmeric-cocount milk, honey, red chili oil and cilantro. Really fabulous. Having the menu chosen for us certainly made life easier, and everything was got to enjoy as a family was awesome. The table frites were great, the fried crab was amazing, and I thought the cheese dosa, the egg dosa, the BLT dosa and the shrimp patties were particularly amazing. I won't even come close to getting any of the Indian names right, especially since everything came out with full verbal explanations of what we were enjoying but obviously no written descriptions for me to take pics of. I loved the light chick pea samosa-style starter, it was served with an incredible dipping sauce. The keema (Indian beef with potatoes and lima beans, not one you see with any great regularity but a staple of my childhood) dosa was absolutely astounding. Served with a coconut chutney and a spicy red chutney, it was a twenty out of ten. Dessert was above and beyond, with the date, fig and praline ice cream literally being one of the best things I have ever had. The gulab jaman was great and the berries and cream were a sweet starter, but man, the ice cream was dangerously good. Our service was incredible, even the beer list was impressive if not lengthy. What a fabulous meal. The owners came up to say hello and greet us personally, and all we could do was heap praise and thanks upon him. In a city of killer spots, this one is worth getting into. Thank you for a truly incredible and memorable dining experience. Highest possible recommendation.So this review is for the front of the house only. When I arrived I was informed there was about an hour wait for tables, but I could grab a drink or eat at the bar if I wanted to. I decided to wait to see if I could gets seats for my wife and I. After about 15, the hostess walks up to me, and tells me that there are 4 other people ahead of me, and that common courtesy would be to let them go ahead of me. I didn't think anyone was ahead of me. Everyone else had either received their drinks, or were eating at this point. I didn't want to argue with her. So I said I would just leave. What really pissed me off was the fact the hostess was like, "Yes, you should leave and go somewhere else." I have worked in the restaurant industry, and I have never told anyone to go somewhere else. In fact, I would have done whatever I could to have that person stay or to make them happy. Needless to say, I left immediately, and now I am writing my first ever one star review for a restaurant.Saffron NOLA was supposed to be the cap of an awesome week of eating in NOLA.  Sad to say we were a little disappointed.  Overall we'd give the food a 4 star rating but took it down a notch because its kinda overpriced.  The restaurant advertises as an NOLA take on Indian food which it really isn't,  The oyster roast is tasty but no Indian flavors came through. The trio appetizer was good, probably the best thing we had. 
The goat curry was good but not much different than a good goat curry at an indian restaurant, but I paid an extra ten dollars for it.  The biggest disappointment was the eggplant dish.  The chef gets presentation and originality points for the four roll-ups on the plate but the eggplant had to be undercooked to get it to look that way. Eggplant, esp, Indian style needs to be cooked down to take the bitterness and toughness of this vegetable out.  It was the one thing neither of us wanted to finish, and I almost never let food on my girlfriend's plate go uneaten. We are from back east where the Indian food is good, and had recently eaten a 5 star meal an Indian Accent in NYC, so maybe our expectations were high. 
Service was excellent and the room is nice.This is one of the restaurants that makes you realize that you should not make decisions based on previous reviews. We visited this restaurant after reading the great reviews online. They have a limited menu which is created for that particular day. Most of the appetizers were already over by the time we got in. So we had to settle for what was left on the menu. The Tamarind Shrimp was good and gave us high hopes for the entrees. Dinner portions are abysmally small and incredibly pricey for what they offer. The food itself was terrible and it is sad for Americans who believe this to be Indian food. You are more likely to get a better meal cooked at any of your Indian friends home. The owner/Headchef was absolutely annoying and intrusive as he would keep coming to our table and interrupt our conversations and try to sell his home made pickle which was not even good. Go to any Indo-Pak store and you are more likely to find a cheaper and better pickle. Overall we were highly dissatisfied with the place and left irritated and hungry. Travelers New Orleans has great food. Don't ruin your experience going to this dreadful restaurant which is desperately trying to mimic an upscale restaurant but fails miserably and leaves your stomach and wallets empty.Wow! That is pretty much all I want to say about this amazing restaurant. We decided to stop by this place on our way to a local club meeting. I have never had food like this before and I was a little nervous about how it would taste. To tell you the truth, I was blown away from the minute I sat down till the minute I got up to go. The food is amazing and just right. The bread served is phenomenal! The main dish we all shared was the lamb and my goodness was it good!  A nice little touch was the chef coming out to check on everyone and see if they enjoyed their meal. Top notch service, and food that you will tell all of your friends about when you see them. Please go try this restaurant!I went to a party with catering from this restaurant and it was wonderful!  Great food and very friendly serviceThis place hit it out of the park. Everything we tried was amazing. I also liked the atmosphere and drinks. I feel like this place definitely has some awards heading it's way. We will definitely be back!Very well could be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I don't say that lightly. I am a foodie, I love to eat out and I love new flavors. This place has it all. From the oyster stew to the Goat Marsala. I am in love with Saffron. I strongly recommend sitting at the kitchen bar. It is fascinating. Mmmmmm. Can't wait to come back.Amazing. A dining experience you won't regret! The restaurant ambiance is very cozy & warm. A family business with an extremely attentive waitstaff who treat you like one of their own! 
The food is phenomenal. A great way to experience hearty Indian food with a French & NOLA twist. A great pairing of familiar tastes and uniqueness that makes you want to come back. The perfect choice when you're craving your mom's traditional Indian recipes. 
Pros: friendly staff, varied menu, delicious hearty food, great cocktails with fresh ingredients. Ambiance is full of life, with friendly chatter of people from all walks of life enjoying their night. Desserts are delicious & worth leaving space for.Good Indian food in New Orleans is hard to come by but this place surpasses expectations. A shame they are only open once a week but I guess that adds to the appeal. The service was great and the staff was all very friendly. Great vegetarian options as well (which is expected for Indian food).Wow! It's only been open for a couple of weeks and they are hitting it out of the park every night. It's like visiting the Vilkhu family's fancy dining room where their family hospitality comes through in every way possible. The food is amazing, the service, the vibe are all just perfect. The menu hits a home run, balancing the tight rope of authentic Indian with modern playful twists without going overboard. The passion is apparent in every aspect. Not only is it the best Indian restaurant in town, it could very well be the best restaurant in town. 
When you are there, try the cocktails, they are just incredible. You can't go wrong with any of them, my favorite was the Atonement. On the dinner menu, don't miss the oysters - they are overwhelming, the charcuterie is delicious. Whether you are vegetarian or not, you must try the roti saathi - and you will get a delicious sampling of India with some fresh bread. On the mains - the vindaloo and the lamb chops are my personal favorites. The lamb chops is the only dish that migrated from the West Bank because it's so darn good. And, don't leave without dessert, the kulfi is presented with some rice noodles and rose syrup.... mmmm. If you are a chocolate lover - they have a yummy option for you too. 
We loved it so much we went back for cocktails the next night. Enjoy!If the world needs anything, it's more Indian restaurants. Saffron is a great spot for creole-inspired Indian dishes, giving you the flavor of New Orleans and India in one delicious meal.
Before I get into the food, let's talk about the cocktails. NOLA is known for their cocktails, that's no secret. You'll be hard pressed to find yourself in the Big Easy and not be within walking distance of a great drink and Saffron is no exception. Their house old fashioned with mango chutney-infused bourbon is outstanding. It may be a little sweet for some people, but I thought the sweetness brought balance to the bourbon and made it an easy sipper for those who may not want something too stiff.
The menu has plenty to offer for every taste preference. You have chicken, pork, goat(!), vegetarian options and, of course, seafood. Many of the portions are large enough to share with another person, and I would probably recommend doing so to get a taste of a few items on the menu per visit. The roti sathi is a great addition to any entree and delivers a number of different flavors to enhance or cool whatever you've chosen as your main for the evening. 
For my visit, I decided on the chicken biriyani. The presentation was honestly a bit daunting. It comes in a sizable cast iron pot filled to the brim with a beautiful rice and chicken mixture, topped with fried onions and a soft boiled egg. The flavors were vibrant without the spice that is typically associated with Indian food. The saffron and tomato base of the sauce were bright and play extremely well with refreshing coolness of the raita should you order that as one of your sauce options for the roti. There are other options if you want something a bit hotter like the pork vindaloo, but the chicken is a great introduction to this restaurant. 
The only thing, and I literally mean the only thing, that's keeping me from a perfect 5-Star review is the rice in the biriyani was a bit overdone. While not a complete dealbreaker, the texture of overcooked rice wasn't terribly pleasing. The flavor made up most of the ground, but it couldn't get me over the hump to a perfect score. I plan on visiting again, so hopefully this is was an isolated occurrence. If it is, and I'll absolutely give Saffron the benefit of the doubt because they deserve it, I'll be happy to update my review accordingly.Been there few times, decent Indian food in Nola, but the service has become progressively very arrogant here. They are decent Indian food not exceptional. There is more hype than reality. Had reservation for 10.30 through open table, reached there at 10.37 and was rudely told that can't seat us coz the kitchen is closed. Why have reservations slots in open table for 10.30 and 11 when u can't seat the guest at 10.37 and on top of be rude to quests. Last time here, fortunately we live in Nola where there are better restaurants with more courteous service. I am foodie who never writes a review, coz I don't believe in imposing my views. But I had to write this coz of the total disregard of basic courtesy. I have been here few times, food is decent not exceptional. No moreHands down best Indian food in NOLA.  Owner so was kind and came by to speak to us several times.  He specifically mentioned that his vision of dining was as an experience not just the food alone and an experience it was!
This food is quite authentically Indian with various flavors and aromas.  Chicken ticca appetizer was delicious and not greasy at all (like a lot of Indian food can be).  Tomato soup had a hint of spice but not overwhelmingly so-extremely tasty.  Goat curry was phenomenal.  Quite spicy and as good as I could get in India.  My boyfriend got the salmon, which was good, but more NOLA-flavored than Indian. 
Decor is tasteful, service is fantastic, and cuisine is outstanding.  They are starting a take out service as well as brunch on Sundays!The service at Saffron NOLA is top notch. The owners and staff are super friendly and very classy. I loved the Pork Vindaloo and the Tikki Trio was full of flavor. I'll be back very soon!My wife and I travel quite a bit and always debate our top five restaurants.  This restaurant was one of them.  Unreal service and the aroma from the place was surreal.  This was something that few of us have ever experienced in our lives and we we're fortunate to find such exceptional service and fine Indian good. We live 3 hrs away and may just come back next weekend for dinner.Best Indian Restaurant! I loved it!
I haven't tried anything yet that I don't like! My absolute favs so far ... gumbo, chicken, shrimp, all the sides lol and garlic naan! 
They even made my fav drink ... brandy milk bunch ... their way which was awesome!Didn't get reservation as they said its 2 week wait :) will have to go back to NOLA to try it out!My book club came this morning for "The Hundred Foot Journey" brunch.  The food was amazing and the wine pairing was wonderful as well.  The stand outs for me were the salmon and  mango, the chicken kabob pate, the seafood crepe and the patachoux. The service was fabulous as well!If I could give six stars, I would. Literally everything about Saffron NOLA is above and beyond - truly soup to nuts, from the food to the service to the ambience. Went for a birthday dinner for my wife, and they were nothing but accommodating (thought I'd be fine booking about a week out, but they had to do some maneuvering to fit us in, which was much appreciated - my advice, book as far in advance as possible).
We were a group of 10, and everyone raved about every single thing we had to eat - particular favorites included the oysters, chicken biryani, all of the small veggie dishes that accompany the roti (especially the eggplant, daal, and raita), Malabar curry (seafood, special, if they have it, get it), pork vindaloo, and the lamb was described as orgasmic.
One of our friends said that our server, Dan, was "the best server he's had in NOLA," and he's lived here for 5+ years. And that's about right - Dan was fantastic - calm, attentive, and all around great.
All in all, couldn't recommend this place more highly. We had a wonderful experience, and will be going back very soon. Go directly to Saffron NOLA, do not pass go, and enjoy!Standards are quite high at Saffron NOLA: they use the freshest ingredients (nothing tastes like it came from Sysco), plus creative recipes with lots of flavor. 
I had the crab crepe appetizer, which were thin pancakes with crabmeat and spices mixed in, served with two sauces (one was sweet like a chutney, can't remember what the other one was). I ordered this to share with my side of the table and instantly regretted it because after one taste I wanted the entire order to myself!
I had the lambchop entree, it was very spicy but it wasn't smothered in sauce, it was mostly on the side. It was served with fluffy rice. 
I followed this with a nice lychee champagne cocktail that was yummy and paired well with my meal.
My only real complaint is that the garlic naan only came with two pieces in the order for $2.50; most Indian places give you four or six pieces for the price. If they need to increase the price, that's fine, but two pieces for two people is not going to cut it.
The owner and the staff are really nice and welcoming, I felt like they cared that we had a good dining experience. I love the atmosphere as well, it's very cozy and clean.This was by far the best Indian food I've ever eaten in the U.S. What a delectable treat for my taste buds! We were six of us and every item that we ordered was made to perfection. Each detail was seen to and no shortcuts were taken. Oysters with an Indian touch....who would've thunk it? 
The desserts were absolutely delicious and my only regret is not having more room in my belly. The icing on the cake was that the owner and head chef Dickey, stopped by to say hello and we all shared our congratulations and commendation on the opening of his place and gave him our verbal kudos on the food. Saffron NOLA, we'll be back!I was not so hungry but I had a bite of everything the service was amazing Ciara was my server she was so sweet and attentive the owner or manager for the night was also giving us great hospitality and service I felt so comfortable the food was great and so was my cocktailThis once-weekly gem on the Westbank deserves all the stars it can handle! This tiny space in a non-desrcript strip mall (are there any standout strip malls?) takes you on a great escape into wonderful Indian cuisine with a nod to NOLA tastes. We ordered:
Tuna Chimichurri: Pepper Crusted Rare Tuna, Cilantro and Green Cayenne
Lump Crabmeat Pudha: Pan Fried Jumbo Lump Crabmeat Pancake, Fresh Mint & Mango Chutney
Curried Seafood Gumbo: A Saffron Nola Creation
Mango Salad: mangoes julienned and tossed with lime and spices
Seared Scallops Mumbai: Chili Pepper & Ginger Crusted Jumbo Scallops with Saffron Alfonso Mango Sauce
Vegetarian Trio: Lentils, Saag Paneer and Cauliflower and Potatoes Ludhiana
Raarha Masala Goat: Yoghurt Marinated Goat (Bone-in) Cooked to Perfection Served with Aged Basmati Rice
Tamarind Shrimp: Jumbo Shrimp Simmered in Our Signature Sauce
There wasn't a flaw in anything we ate. The saag paneer was velvety, the seafood absolutely fresh, the sauces were inventive and the goat fork-tender. After all that wonderful food, we were stuffed, so dessert was not ordered. 
Service was attentive; the owner (husband - wife is chef, so she was in the kitchen most of the time) effortlessly moved from table to table, greeting new and long-time diners. It is a family affair, so the young girl waiting on our table wasn't as versed on the entrees as I would like, but with age comes experience. 
The only thing I would suggest to this wonderful group is taking a look at the cocktail menu - I think there could be other combinations that would enhance the dining experience other than all too-sweet libations.One of the best goat masala I have had in US. Absolutely authentic, owner couple/chefs are wonderful people...and why not, they from Amritsar.
True taste of Amritsar
One of the best goat masala I have had in US. Absolutely authentic, owner couple/chefs are wonderful people...and why not, they from Amritsar.Indian food is renowned world over for providing vegetarian options. However this place is not friendly for vegetarians and they provide no flexibility outside their printed menu which is mostly not vegetarian.  That shows lack of versatility by their chefs.  I do appreciate that they are bringing Indian food to a mainstream clientele with creative dishes.Celebrated a birthday at Saffron and I was overall pleased. Our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and friendly. For cocktails, we got an anti-inflammatory and new kid on the block, which were both full of flavor. For the table, we ordered the crabmeat pudha and half oyster bed roast. The crabmeat pudha was just okay (wouldn't order again). The oysters were delicious and came with some naan bread, which was the perfect pair. For entrées, we ordered the goat masala and khyber lamb chops. Both were packed with flavor and spice. The portions were large enough to share. We also ordered the truffle naan and my goodness this was the best thing we ate that night! The truffle naan was perfect alone and even with both of our entrées. Would come back again for the truffle naan and to try out everything else on the menu!I rated this place high earlier, would like to go down after my 3rd visit as the food was not consistently tasty and the owner is a little rude. I would give 3 stars but since my first visit was amazing, will go with 4.I am not a huge fan of the Westbank (Wank), but they have got some hidden gems in strip malls! Saffron falls into that "Holy shit, I can get food this good in a strip mall on the Wank?" category. As others have said, Saffron is only open on Friday nights (although they are now trying some Saturday nights as well - check the website). It is imperative that you make reservations. It is packed every Friday because word has spread throughout the land about this delicious Indian cuisine prepared by the owners and their family. The staff and owners are extremely friendly and warm from the minute you walk in the door. The wine list is simple, but covers the basics and you should be able to find something that accompanies your meal perfectly. Now the important thing: the food. Magnificent. Everything that I tasted, which included my dining companions' selections as well, was delicious. I started with the gumbo, which I highly recommend. They have somehow combined the flavors of a traditional seafood gumbo with curry to make a masterpiece. I opted for the vegetarian entrée, which was your choice of three side dishes. The flavors and spices came through in each bite. From start to finish, this was one of the most delightful meals I ever had. I hope to return in the not-too-distant future and try more of their offerings. This is the best place to enjoy the flavors of India in the GNO area.The best Indian restaurant in Louisiana. The owners make it a personal affair, they are very warm and welcoming. I had lamb masala it was delicious. Deserts were also very tasty. Only negative aspect is its open only for dinner on Saturday.Hostess Service. If this was a one time issue I could let it slide but its a chronic issue. It seems as if they are trying to book too many tables back to back on busy nights. I have been there twice right on time for my reservation. Both times the tables were not ready and they show you to the bar to wait 25-40mins for your table even though you have a reservation. What's bad is that when I have spoken to multiple friends about Safron, many have said the same thing. The table is never ready on busy nights. Even worse is the hostess acts like this is business as usual. No apology, no offer to buy a drink while we wait for our table. The owners seem nice when they actually acknowledge you. They are too busy focusing on the few people they know in the restaurant to see their hostess dropped the ball. We are all local and dont want special treatment but when the tourists stop coming it will be the locals you depend on. Not even worth addressing the food or rest of the experience since its hard to enjoy your meal after the service is so bad out of the gate.This place was amazing! The oysters were some of the best. Not quite the same as chargrilled bc they aren't in the shell, but the flavors were very similar! The butternut squash "dip" for the naan was my favorite. Chicken thighs were so flavorful! The chicken briyani and pork vindaloo were both great entrees. Definitely will be back!My husband and I moved over from Mid City to Algiers Point in March, and have been on a West Bank culinary adventure ever since. We've had some great unexpected experiences, and Saffron Nola is one. The unassuming parking lot makes you think "where the heck am I?", but once you're inside Saffron you'll feel the same way (in a good way). The ambiance is classy comfortable and the service was impeccable. Visits from both owners and great attention by the waiters. Everything we ate was flavorful, delicious, and fresh. The goat in yogurt sauce, the fish in the shrimp curry sauce, the crab appetizer all . The side of squash was one of my favorites. Yay for the West BankThis is THE oasis of Indian food, coz clearly there is not many good QUALITY  indian restaurants here in new Orleans or even anywhere near here or anywhere in southern hemisphere. I am honestly sick of Indian food being portrayed to be some cheap food. Service ..presentation is almost always the issue. So glad to find a restaurant that takes pride in serving the Indian cuisine. Great staff!  Beautiful presentation...excellent service. ..nice decor!!I am  smiling ear to ear! We ordered the Bombay shrimp, roti sathi ,goat and lamb...all delectable. The deserts are the best part! Pannacotta and kiss from a rose were the bomb. Will be back!We had another great dining experience at Saffron Nola tonight. The gumbo and chicken lasooni were exceptional. Our entrees were flavorful and delicious. The personable owner, Ashwin, goes above and beyond to make you feel welcomed. The entire wait staff could not be more professional and friendly. We will definitely return soon. Give Saffron Nola try and you will not be sorry. Our new favorite restaurant, and living in New Orleans, this really says something!Been wanting to try for so long as I bookmarked this over a year ago when they were in gretna Unfortunately I was left underwhelmed. Tried the naan paired with three sauces and all were just ok. Had the pancake things and all were bland. One tasted like hasbrowns the other just tasted like a potato and the beet one was the only ok one. The lady next to me let me try her chicken stuffed entree. It was good and finally something with a little indian flavor. I had gotten the lamb and it was very tender and juicy and the sauce was good. The anti inflammatory drink is unique and very good and popular as a lot of ppl order it. The other drink I had I can't remember. So not bad but nothing stands out and was lacking some indian flavor to me. Too pricey to be left unimpressed. Service was ok, bartender actually forgot to input my order but she ended up giving me a drink for her mistake.  The hostess didn't make me feel very welcomed and actually told me it would be an hour for a bar seat which I almost left but that seemed far fetched and it was as I sat down in 5 minutes. Just eh for meI cannot emphasize how much I love this restaurant.  The staff is amazing as is the food.  I went with a group of friends, and we had no idea what to order.  We asked the waiter to just feed us.  Everything he brought was delightful.  I think we ate almost everything on the menu (it was a large group).  There wasn't a single dish that wasn't amazing.  My favorites were the oysters, goat, and lamb.  Although, I don't think you can go wrong.
And let's not forget the cocktails.  Their take on an old fashioned is very good.
Overall, I love this place.  Mr. Vilkhu, you have done a fantastic job!Wow!!! I read about this place here on Yelp!...but, had tasted their food at various fundraising events. It is only open one night a week, Fridays between 6:30-9:30. They now have a full bar and a nice wine list. We enjoyed everything about the meal. The place is decorated beautifully! The owner makes his rounds and is sincerely asking how patrons enjoyed their meal. A wonderful surprise and a great evening. Fresh ingredients and menu items with a twist, yet traditional. The vindaloo is not to be missed. Exceptional!We had a wonderful dining experience last night. The food was excellent and well deserving of the hype. The service was impeccable thanks to Dave. His recommendations were extremely helpful. We will return and also tell our friends about our memorable meal and your superior establishment.What a splendid place indeed ! Saffron makes a beautiful Negronis with just the right twist! For starters you must try: the Bombay Shrimp and Tikki Trio. Yum. For Entrees I enjoyed a lovely Pork Vindaloo that tasted of foreign spices and unique curry. The atmosphere is romantic-casual-modern and clean. The staff are very friendly and willing to help answer any questions about anything. You MUST try the donut dessert, it's TO DIE FOR. All dishes were superb , full of flavor, and creatively  garnished. When visiting Nola , this is the place to be! Thankyou Saffron for making my first and not last experience so memorable and pleasant.I want to go back ASAP. 
The food here is out of this world, and on the West Bank?!?! In a strip mall?!?!!? If Jen L. didn't rave about Saffron I would have never even know of its existence (thanks Jen!). Needless to say given it's odd hours and out of the way location, it has been on my list for a while.
Since all the other reviews recommended reservations, I felt I would follow the wisdom of fellow yelpers and give them a call. I successfully set up reservations the day of for 5 for 8:30 PM (read between the lines: although you need reservations don't be scared to call the day of). Also to ensure you start off the adventure on the right foot, please go to the website and drool over the menu. Time well spent, and I wanted to order everything!
Once out of the gates and on the doorsteps of dinning destiny, don't be discouraged upon driving up. The area it's in is definitely not super inviting (especially with the cop posted outside for safety). Also, the Doowop martini bar next door both intrigued and terrified me. Once inside, however, you are transported to a completely new atmosphere. All the employees here are amazing, friendly, and professional! The décor is closer to something you would find downtown than off of Belle Chasse Hwy.
I gave everyone of my dinning companions a refresher course on the friendship tax, and then proceeded to guess what everyone would order (oh Lindsay A. you wild card!). After trying a little of everything I really don't think you could order anything bad here! For my actual entrée I ordered the vegetarian meal and all the dishes were perfect. The grand title for me went to the eggplant. I always try to order foods that I have a hard time making, and the eggplant was perfect. I believe everyone wanted seconds and third "tastes" ;)
I could go on and on, but as I said anything you order will be amazing. I'm glad they are starting to have hours on Saturday so that more people can try the wonder that is Saffron NOLA.After eagerly awaiting the highly anticipated opening of this restaurant, my expectations were exceeded by the incredible cuisine, phenomenal service and ambiance of Saffron NOLA.
New Orleans has been bereft of quality Indian cuisine, and Saffron NOLA provides this in an unsurpassed way for the metropolitan area.  It combines the incredible flavors of this remarkable cuisine with the deep roots of our local food culture in a symphony of flavor that ranges from the appropriately subtle to the profoundly sublime.
Firstly, the architectural ambiance and the hues of the color palette of this restaurant are perfectly attuned to fit the vibe of this restaurant and the cuisine they are offering. The dining room provides a natural balance between the modern and the traditionally comfortable.
The cocktail menu is inventive and brings the brightness of Indian flavor to begin the overall experience.
The menu itself is incredible.  The Bombay Shrimp are a perfect Indian reflection of our local traditional remoulade, but Saffron NOLA actually brings the flavor of this familiar local dish to an entirely different level.
The roti sathi...  This selection of accompaniments to roti is without doubt one of the most incredible expositions of flavor that I've experienced dining in NOLA. The royal paneer, saag paneer, eggplant hyderabad, tomato mirchi masala, gobi and raita were all exceptional with the provided roti.  We also ordered the plain tandoori oven naan also with this sathi selection, and it is perfectly charred and supple.
The entrées were also incredible expositions of flavor.  The rum soaked Khyber Lamb Chops, cooked perfectly, were perched atop a deeply flavored rogan josh sauce with a perfectly spiced kichdi.  The Nariyal Gulf Fish also had a perfect balance of spice contrasting with curd rice and sharpness of the accompanying mango pickles. 
After dinner, the dessert menu also continues to impress.
The Jamun, an Indian donut soaked in saffron syrup, is delightful.  The Chocolate & Chai give an excellent balance of flavor between the inherent spiciness of chai and the dense richness of chocolate.  These desserts are incredible, but the Lime in the Coconut panna cotta with lime caviar, yuzu gel and sorghum bark was the perfect end point to an incredible dining experience.
The love, care and passion that the Vilkhu family has put into this restaurant shines in the ambiance, cuisine and service they provide.  
Even in a city such as New Orleans that is known for fine cuisine in a highly competitive environment, Saffron NOLA stands out and looks to be a highly successful venture into our culinary landscape. I look forward to dining at this incredible restaurant for years to come.
I give Saffron NOLA my highest recommendation.We really enjoyed our meal here last night. We started with three vegetable dishes served in small bowls accompanied by roti bread. They were tasty, although I prefer naan to the roti. We tried the truffle naan and it was delicious. For our main meal I had a tandoori chicken "small plate" (it was four small pieces of chicken served with a curry sauce on the side and was plenty) and my husband had the pork vindaloo. It had a good amount of heat but wasn't over the top. The only down side is that the restaurant is way too loud--but I would definitely return anyway.The food here is very well prepared and has a nice balance of flavors with balanced spices.  This certainly ranks among the best Indian food I've ever eaten and it is also the most expensive I've ever eaten.  This is also the only Indian restaurant I've ever seen beef served and the sacred cow was divinely delicious.  
The entrees here seem to vary widely in proportion so you should discuss this with your server prior to ordering.  The scallop dish seems to be one of the smaller entrees while the beef special ranked as one of the largest servings I've seen here.  The curried gumbo is really great and provides a marvelous Indian fusion spice up to a NOLA staple.  I was a bit disappointed in the small serving of naan that comes in an order when compared to the very generous portion you get at Nirvana.  The vegetable sides are quite pricey and the desserts are very over priced considering the very small portion size.  Generally I would stick to the entrees and specials along with a selection of the starters, such as the phenomenal gumbo, and skip the sides and desserts.Great family run restaurant with uniquely delicious cuisine and cocktails, attentive service, and lovely ambiance. Glad they are now operating Uptown fulltime. Highly recommend!not many veggie options + a bit pricey = Not sure I would come back but decent foodPublic Enemy said it best: Don't believe the hype.
First, let me say that my husband and I have enjoyed incredible Indian food at the top restaurants (all price ranges) in New York and London, as well as great inexpensive Indian food in various cities around the world. Given how much New Orleanians appreciate good food, we had high hopes for Saffron based on the reviews on Yelp, etc. Sadly, it does not deliver. It is average Indian food at high prices, without the creativity or fusion we had been told to expect. The roti sathi dishes were totally average and boring. Manish N. said it best in their review, "Manhattan prices but the taste is not there, not even close." I also agree with Varun C. who said "it is sad for Americans who believe this to be Indian food." Saffron's popularity in New Orleans makes me question the trends in our city's palate. Y'all, this is not a place to celebrate and brings mediocrity to Magazine St., the kind of inflated nouveau riche emptiness with no real juice that one expects in other American cities. The Saffron Emperor wears no clothes. (We had great service from the bartenders, though).The food was amazing, but the staff was exceptional. The Bartender was highly experienced, multitalented, and friendly. 
The GM has created such a unique drink menu. The GM constantly walked the floor to ensure top service was given to the clientele. 
I didn't have the opportunity to meet the kitchen staff, but their food did not only taste extraordinary, the presentation was equivalent. Props to the Chef and cooks! 
You really need to make a reservation, as everyone is trying to get into this place. It's in a very nice location among several boutiques and art stores.
I'd highly recommend this place to everyone who visits New Orleans!They just opened last week so going back Tuesday to gather more information. First impression was that the food was blander than I expect from Indian food ( I used to cook it).  There was a beet app that was good and the dal was flavorful. Stuffed chicken breast with spinach was ok-- but only because I asked for spicy food. 
Make a reservation on open table or yelp. They were PACKED with people lined up at the door. When it's that crowded, they probably shouldn't take walk-insThe best Indian Curry House in New Orleans.  They are open only on Fridays, however, this summer they are experimenting by staying open on Saturdays as well.  The restaurant is located on Gretna Blvd., just off Manhattan and the place might seem iffy at night, however there is a full time cop/security guard that is in the parking where the restaurant is located lot and they will actually walk you to the door sometimes.  Makes you feel safe.  Overall the food was good.  The entrees are reasonable however the appetizers are a tad bit small compared to the price so you might want to skip them.  The paneer lajawab was not really all that.  The place pays a lot of detail to cleanliness and ambiance and the barman pays a lot of attention to his glasses and makes sure they are squeaky clean.  A good place overall.Many thanks to Dickie and his staff for catering my wedding a few weeks ago. Guests raved over the combination of Indian and NOLA food. The tenderloin that he pulled together was delicious, and he was very attentive to pulling in both mine and my husband's cultures (he's Pakistani and I'm Mexican and Puerto Rican). They go beyond the Indian fare! Thanks, Dickie!Saffron is exclusive from the standpoint you must want to eat there Friday Evening because that's the only time they are open.  A wonderfully set table and atmosphere makes it very comfortable. The bar though small has what it takes to keep a glass full. The Mojito and "Englishman, Irishman, and Indian walk into a Bar" was a drink special I really liked.  
The Chutney Paneer Pakoda was a very good appetizer with a mix of flavor, the Garlic Naan was excellent but Chicken Tikka Masala was just OK.  I expected more for $23.  The flavor was kind of institutional like it was catered food which is what Saffron specializes in.  It was a great evening out and if you want Indian food on the Westbank in NOLA this is your only option. Totally worth the experience with a staff that makes you feel special and the owners right there making it happen with their kitchen staff.  
They make and sell several of their Chutney's and other canned goods and the chutney was so good in the Pakoda that I bought several as Christmas gifts.Hosted my Meetup Group (NOLA Dining Out and Happy Hour) at Saffron last Friday. Though the location is a little sketchy, once you are inside you totally forget where you are.
The cocktails were delicious and well crafted. The food was amazing. Though most of the dishes weren't your typical dishes you'd find at an Indian Restaurant, they provided a unique twist. The group ate Family Style so that we can all try all the different dishes, with the Whole Cauliflower and Lentil (can't remember the name of it) vegetarian dishes being the best.
Overall the experience was great. I wish it was a little cheaper, but can totally understand the higher end pricing with the type of food and environment.
They are also open only Fridays for dinner.When my white friend suggested me an Indian restaurant to visit while in NOLA, I was like ya sure but Saffron blew my mind and in more ways than one! First of all so tough to get a reservation - Saffron was playing hard to get with me and I wanted it even more ‍
Finally got in, entered in and witnessed the classiest decor and lighting! The bar is full and the bartenders definitely know what their shit. 
The family owned restaurant has taken Indian fine dining experience to another level! The food is 
All sorts of Ah-mazing!
The service was impeccable, the servers had so much knowledge and were smart. The owners were warm n welcoming and super genuine. One of the best meals, especially Indian, I've had in my life. Very soon I see it becoming an institution in New OrleansTwo words: Pink. Chicken.
I'm not gonna go on a tangent on this, but we had a bit of a concern with the translucent chicken flesh we observed. Our waiter took a gander at the shiny meat with us. He all but acknowledged it's gleam with a "it's borderline."  He talked to the chef. Apparently, this rosy bird's glimmer was intentional as its "boiled first...." something or whatever. So we were wrong. Embarrassing!
I'm going to give them three stars because the decor and drinks were excellent. I would NOT recommend the pink chicken meat.My husband and I ate at their place on the Westbank before moving to their new location, and it was AMAZING. But now, I don't know, it must have good reviews mostly because it's a trendy new spot, and New Orleans' first kind of upscale Indian restaurant? I'm only giving this place 2 stars and not 1, solely because of the cocktails, which were so tasty. We started with the oysters, but they tasted just like any ordinary charbroiled oysters ( nothing special for the price). Then, we had the 6 for $28 roti accompaniments, and let me just say the roti was well undercooked. The dishes were very flavorless. Not the spice level I would ever expect in Indian cuisine, just bland. And finally, the service. Our waiter had one other table (a 9 top maybe) and neglected us oh so much because of that :/ I was really looking forward to trying this place, but I don't think I will be back for more. I wasn't WOWed by any part of it really, unfortunately... :(Ok- backstory- I'm from NOLA and my husband's parents are from India. "The best Indian food I've ever eaten- even in India" said my picky mother in law. I agree- (I'm picky too)!! Every dish had its own flavor not like traditional Indian food where everything winds up tasting like tomatoes or curry. Nothing was over or under cooked. Bombay shrimp were fried in chickpea flour so they reminded me of pakora and my MIL wanted to save the remoulade for dipping (I'll turn her Cajun, yet :))The chicken lassoing was so tender and juicy- you're a fool if you don't get it. Root veggie salad was perfect as was the semi-traditional NO dish of charbroiled oysters- Indian style. Naan was great- we had all of them. Paneer tasted like tomato soup to me with paneer (I love a good tomato soup- and cheese). I like spinach, but Saag is never my favorite, but I'm telling you to get it if you like spinach- it's the best I've ever had. Eggplant and Gobi were perfectly cooked and so tasty. My husband got the lamb chops and thought they were good, but the star of the show was the chicken biryani. My father in law said it is how they make it in Hyderabad, where he is from- in a cast iron pot with an egg on top. You can tell that Vilkhu family worked long and hard to craft this menu to be the perfect meld between India and NOLA. Also, the cocktails sounded amazing, but I just had wine. It was fantastic. The ambiance was very nice. I could eat here every week.Probably will never go back !! I read rave reviews about  the atmosphere, ambiance and cuisine. Atmosphere is really loud, extremely small and cramped. You could literally touch your neighbors and hear all conversations being discussed. The ambiance was not my type, wanna be high classy. We waited 5 minutes at the door even though we had a reservation, finally the owner seated us at the small table. The cuisine was not the best, fiancé had the Steak Filet ordered to be medium, but was served well done and dry. I had the Tamirad Shrimp, which was 8 shrimp somewhat BBQ style extremely spicy. Btw, they don't have free refills, paid ten bucks for 2 cans of diet coke. Yes, the owner did make rounds and speak to the guest but in my opinion this does not justify for the food not cooked to order plus the $$$ to dine. This is my honest experience, maybe all the other reviewers dinners were cooked to perfection, but ours was far from it especially for the price it cost !!!!