Ordered here tonight and now regretting it as I sit here with chills fever vomiting and upset stomach! NEVER AGAIN!!! 
I ate the clear soup, crunchy rolls and teriyaki chicken
:((( never ever againWell its not the Magazine st location for sure. I had the smoked salmon, shrimp rolls and calamari. The rolls were dry I ate some & the calamari tasted like they were really those knockoff pork rectum rings but maybe that's just what they serve at happy hour. Regardless it was poo along with the service. I'll pass on this location.Love the moon roll here the sushi is always great good atmosphere..I like to come after I workoutThis is the place I order takeout from when the Metairie Mardi Gras parades make my neighborhood a nightmare to navigate through - from where I live I don't have to cross any parade lines to get to it. And thank goodness for that.
The restaurant itself - I think it's the smallest of all the Sake locations, so it feels a bit more intimate here. The menu is the same as at the others, from what I can tell.  Service is prompt and prices are reasonable. Unfortunately it's way the hell out in Harahan, so I rarely have a reason to frequent it. Unless its Carnival season, and I'm hungry, and those damned parades make getting anywhere a pain in the neck.Tiny location in a strip-mall but once you enter, the decor is light, warm, and inviting - and very spacious!  
Came here during happy hour:  buy 1 get 1 free beer or sake as well as discount prices for hot appetizers, sushi, and rolls on their check list.  
Service here was spot on - no unreasonable amount of wait time, and the refills on the hot tea was very prompt (especially since its a bit chilly, yeaaa).  
The food here was great!  Hot items came out hot and the coveted items (sushi/rolls) came right at the tail end of finishing the appetizers.
Veggie tempura -  delectable pieces of veggies deep fried in that light crispy tempura...yum!  Spicy tuna roll actually had some kick, grilled eel sushi - huge pieces of eel yum, snow crab naruto was goooooooood....no rice, just cucumber snow crab and avocado...very light and savory!  
soy wrap available - delicious!!!!  for those who are a bit wearied or tired of the same ole seaweed used in your rolls, soy wraps are a fantastic alternative and it tastes yummy and has a great clean taste.
no dessert for us, but the food and service were fantastic!!!!
====
update:  dec 31 2007
omg, what a downfall!  mom and i nipped in for a bite - just had crunchy roll, tuna roll, one order of unagi sushi (grilled eel) and veggie tempura.  it took over 25 min for the rolls to come out, and we never got our veggie tempura!!!  when done eating, it took 30 min to get our check and we were charged for something we never received.  our server, gwendoly or gwendolyn wasn't paying any attention to us, just plopped the plate on our table and walked away, never asked us how we were doing or picking up our plates or anything!  another server actually gave us our ticket and when we got gwen to stop by, she didn't apologise for her mistake at all!!!!!!!!!    WTF?!  guess gwen was more worried about her 5 table top instead of us...big mistake there, 
i felt bad for her a bit b/c GM was bitching her out big time (asian men tend to look super scary when pissed, especially when it's about money) but then again, how can you fuck up the most simplest order at all?????I've been sitting at the bar waiting for someone to ask me what I'm having. I waited a good 5 minutes and still no one asked, yet everyone else around me was being served. It wasn't busy at all.  I ordered the pineapple rice and sushi and it was the worst thing I had ever had. The service sucked and so did the food. The sake cafe on Magazine st. is much better.Fantastic Miso, great drinks, nice selection of Japanese beers, so very many excellent specialty rolls, and I adore the Yellowtail Collar (Hamachi Kama) so much that I often order two!Ordered calamari and got 5 rings. happy hour sucks already... should of taken a picture to show proof but oh wells.. 
sashimi and beef teriyaki bento... 18 bucks for super small portions of 2 bits each...
beef teriyaki was only thing that was decent tender but the EEL SAUCE is very "salty" 
sashimi was not even close to sashimi grade..
yellow tail super dry and very very stiff... dried my whole mouth just trying to eat it
salmon very bland no fat 
tuna dry stale and very pink that's bad
quality of the fish is very bad 
the soy sauce was bad it leaves a bitter after taste
tried to eat without the soy sauce and could tell right away it was the soy sauce 
all the rows are stuff full of avocado. that's all you tasted
the rice in the rolls was bad as well you don't taste or smell any vinegar in the rice
only thing that was alright was the service.. but that's prob because we came in before the dinner rush...
What piss me off the most was the sashimi how can you server crap quality ?
CHEF you guys are a " Disgrace " to sushi chefs , you guys need to get slapped for not knowing the quality of the fish and to prepare and serve it?
How the hell do you serve people crap and call it quality. 
"If you don't have pride in what you do then don't do it" 
I'm a chef myself  so i know how things are suppose to taste and this is one of the worst I've had in yearsI gave this place an extra star for the atmosphere and service. The food is OK but it's a bit pricey. I had the baked mussel and a sashimi combo. The fish was very fresh. I also had a tiger roll which was pretty good but a bit saucy for me. Overall, not a bad place for a treat every now and then.They have a sushi happy hour which is cool. We had a meal for two and each of us had a drink -- the bill was under 30 bucks. Hell yes.Fresh rolled in front of you sushi that is pretty good. I had my usual tuna rolls, three different kinds and they were all good though not as big as you would see around town. They have a combo where you get a soup, salad and sushi for $13 and its more than enough for one person. The salad they could leave out but the soup and sushi are well worth the price.I get sushi here regularly and love the Star Roll, Rice Paper roll, Shaggy Roll, Baton Rouge Roll, and more I can't remember the names of right now.  Other dishes on the menu have been hit or miss.  Can't go wrong with their sushi though!It's not my favorite sushi place but out of all the Sake locations I find that this one is the most consistent in both taste and freshness. The lunch specials are very inexpensive if dining on a dime.I would give it less than one star if that was possible. 
Worst sushi I have ever eaten in my life. I ordered lunch to go as I work nearby and had a craving for sushi. Ordered three rolls, all of which were drenched in what I believe was eel sauce. Only one of them should have potentially had this sauce on it, and even then a much, much, smaller amount. I also mentioned I don't like salty sauces so please no soy, when this was equally if not saltier than soy sauce. The eel itself was raw (not supposed to be), as was the shrimp. They were all filled with wilted lettuce (who the F puts lettuce in their sushi???) and slimy brown avocado (old). Really disappointed, still hungry, and mad I spent $20 on a lunch that ended up in the trash.Absolutely amazing experience, very attentive wait staff and the food is the most authentic Japanese cuisine you will find around.  Sit right at the sushi bar and ask the sushi chefs what they recommend and you won't be disappointed they are super friendly and will share some culture with you!I have only been here a few times but I liked it. It doesn't have the best sushi in my opinion but they do have great Miso soup, and some other Japanese dishes that are quite tasty. The ribs are delicious! The prices are average and the location is very convenient too. As far as the staff, I don't have anything good or bad to say. They kind of fall in a gray area when it comes to waitresses in my opinion. They weren't overly nice but they weren't rude either. The adult drinks were kind of pricey and I felt they were very weak for what you had to pay. All in all, i don't go there when I want sushi, but if i'm in that area and want some Japanese food, I'll stop here for a bite.Service here was terrible.  Barely got our water refilled, and the sushi took over 40 minutes to arrive (and we only got 3 rolls).
This location also did not have a brown rice option.
The only perk to this place is the convenience of it when doing shopping around the Elmwood area.Not a great night at Sake Café.  My companions both had sushi rolls for their dinner.  They both thought the sushi was very dry, almost as if it had been pre-made for quick service.  The shrimp tempura roll was also filled with a large amount of lettuce, which I have never seen before and wasn't very welcome.  I had the chicken katsu entrée.  The chicken was also on the dry side, as was the rice that accompanied it.  The dipping sauce reminded me of Bullseye BBQ sauce.  Overall, a very uninspired meal, definitely not a priority to return.I usually pop in here when heading over to Elmwood for a movie or shopping.  For a sushi joint in a strip mall, they are really good.  They have items on their menu that the Magazine St. location has dropped (like their delicious inari).  Service can be sketchy because I think they hire local HS students, but it's OK.Pretty decent sushi at here, I would go back for sure. The servers or some of them atleast seem like they would rather be somewhere else but  other than that it is one of my favorte sushi dives.I love the Sake restaurants around the city but this one is always just ok. The sushi is good, but this location is small, overcrowded and the staff is not the friendliest.  We keep going back because of the convenient location.Sake Café used to be very good, but it seems like the quality has disappeared.  I can remember when the local chain used to get very fresh fish, but lately the fish has been old. 
I ordered the Sashimi lunch. I recieved 8 pieces of sashimi. Salmon, hearing, yellow tail, octopus. The fish sashimi was a little slimy with a less appealing flavor. 
While the price is competitive there are much better establishments around the city. It's upsetting,  because Sake Café used to be good. It's hard to recommend solely on price.It's not the best sushi I've ever had, but you really can't beat their Happy Hour deals, 3p-6p. All hot appetizers& a selection of hand rolls are $2.99, and they also have fish over rice by the piece for $1.99. You can get quite a bit of food for really cheap. I can't comment on anything other than the happy hour menu, so with that said, their dumplings are pretty good.Although the staff is usually very pleasant, their sushi is mediocre at best, time and time again. I ordered my usual dinner roll combo, which includes a ginger salad, a choice of either miso soup or clear soup, and three preselected sushi rolls from their dinner menu. I ordered three of the crunchy rolls tonight and I regretted each choice as I got home and began to eat my dinner. The rolls are sloppy, too large to be eaten in one bite, and disproportionately made. I had to literally scrape the imitation crab out of the rolls in order to not gag as I attempt to eat it one bite. I've had sushi in several cities as well as in most of the restaurants here in New Orleans and it's never as sloppy as it is here. In fact, the fresh rolled sushi at Ochsner is profoundly better than Sake Cafe. I've definitely wasted my money here for the last time.Oh boy where to start with this one?  I've been here a bunch of times b/c I'm a sushi addict.  I always leave swearing to never go back.  The food is totally edible but extremely bland.  They charge for sauces on the side, one of my biggest peeves.  I also have to agree with my sister's review they use 'fillers' as she put it.  More veggies than fish and what not.  They tempura is heavy with grease.  
The staff isn't super friendly, but they're a 1000 times better than the staff at the location on Vets and Houma.  The dining area and bathrooms are clean, but in my opinion the decor is tacky.  Which stands out b/c the food so doesn't.
Overall, the food is over priced, under seasoned, and skimpy.I came here for lunch with my sister today. The atmosphere is good. Service was nice. The server was very friendly and didn't really give any attitude when we wanted to switch seats since the area we were sitting were too cold.
Food.... It's a little too average. Nothing really stood out. We ordered the crab meat tempura for appetizer to share but only three pieces per order. For entree, we ordered the rolls lunch special which included soup and two rolls. It's a little pricey and the rolls were just average. We also ordered the Bad Girl rolls. Again, it was okay. 
I think I will just drive a little further for sushi when I am in the area next time...The best sushi that I've ate since arriving in New Orleans.    Happy hour is incredible, my group ordered 43 beers and the drink bill ended up being $95.  Maybe the waitress was bad with math, but I'm not complaining.Mediocre at best. The sashimi salad was half a head of iceberg (where's the green) and the fish should be fresher.Nice atmosphere, decent food, service is so so .... 
it is one of those convenient places for light meals....Will not be returning here....took forever just to get drinks (15 minutes) ordered all our food apps and entrees at one time because we weren't sure if or when our waitress would return...the rolls were mediocre at best ...not rolled tight...not cut all the way...i pulled one piece and the whole roll fell to pieces...there are far too many nicer places to go to than here...and i WILL be taking my business elsewhere...bye bye sake cafe....The BEST california rolls and Miso Soup in town.  Prices are a little high for the amount of food you get, but nonetheless, a delicious snack for those with cash to spend.Service was excellent even though it was a busy Saturday night. Waitress was attentive, knowledgeable and personable. My boyfriend got the teriyaki tuna and says it is the best he's had. We will be back! It is pricey, depending on what you get.I love sushi.  I will not go back, not even for happy hour.    Not worth your time.  The snow crab was a disappointment.   Very little tuna or salmon in the rolls.  Huge pieces that should have been cut in half.    A roll meant avocado and lots of rice and a little tuna.    Service not good either.From living in California where the best sushi is, this place is pretty close to it. The food is good, been here three times and never had any issue at all. Prices are great, happy hours prices are just better. My husband and I ate for $13 during happy hour. Service is great and fast. I haven't had an issue here and so far this is the best sushi I've had in the area since we've moved here a few months ago, but the the best sushi I've ever had.Horrendous service. It took 17 minutes (yes we started timing it) for a server to acknowledge us after being seated and took another 15 minutes before we were even served water. There were only 4 other tables aside from ours (they already had their food), three servers on and two hostesses. We would have been more understanding if the place was busy but it wasn't and we got to watch the servers joke around and text on their phones while we patiently waited for service. Both my boyfriend and I have worked in the restaurant industry and this is completely unacceptable. We won't ever be back to this location in the future.I went here for lunch and it was delicious, cheap and fast.  I also had my two year old daughter with me which sometimes can get me a sassy waitress, but today the staff was very friendly and helpful.Love the selection of dishes sushi is great service always good ! We always come here close to homeI've been to Sake Cafe in this location a couple of times. Their miso soup is GREAT and the sushi is always freshly prepared. The service was pretty great they are nice and get the food out pretty quickly. I love the variety of specialty rolls and the different options you have for those patrons who don't really love sushi. Great environment really fun and colorful but modern as well. Thumbs up!Very nice employees but our food we got to go just wasn't very good.  The sushi was mushy and bland.  Every roll tasted the same and after two or three bites of each we lost our appetite and couldn't eat anymore.  We were hoping for better but just didn't happen.  Wish I could say positive bc the employees and restaurant were nice.I don't know why I came back here, I really should know better by now... we wanted sushi and it was just convenient. I came with my 4yo daughter and she loves Philly rolls. So, I tried to substitute the Philly roll for the California roll in the kids sushi plate. I wanted the kids plate because it also comes with fruit and fried rice. They told me it couldn't be substituted... not even if I paid more money. Then the server told me that a lot of people complain about it and that the management refuses to allow for paid substitutions.......... and my coke is flat. 
If you read my previous review, you'you'll see that this is just another of many issues I've experienced at Sake Cafe.
BOTTOM LINE: This place just isn't any good.Excellent rolls. Awesome happy hour 3-6 seven days a week on appetizers, rolls & alcoholic beverages. Really nice place. Clean, comfy dining area. Good, fast service. Also highly recommend the Bento box, Chicken Teriyaki and the Asian Crispy Chicken dinners.Same cafe has never been my favorite sushi place, but it is usually decent. However, I had a pretty bad meal here recently, which was even more of a disappointment. Our table ordered several types of rolls, and the chicken Katsu. The sushi and rolls were very dry and just kind of old tasting- it was like eating grocery store sushi :(
I was super disappointed! The chicken katsu was crispy but a bit dry, and the sauce with it was like bottled BBB sauce. Overall, a very off night!I have really enjoyed finding out about sushi & this is a fantastic place to eat it - so fresh & delicious!!! their soups are light & tasty! The restaurant itself is very nice!!! the staff is great too!Came here after a move to calm my sushi craving and I was really disappointed. The sushi special I had last time I was here was not on the menu so this time I ended up spending almost $20 for some of the smallest rolls I have ever had. If I was really hungry I would have spent close to $50 on my sushi meal here easily.  I would have gone to my usual stop Sushi Village for the all you can eat fresh prepared deal but was not hungry enough for an all you can eat. This made me realize to get a deal on sushi I need to come hungry or dont come at all. Most likely I wont be coming to Sake Cafe anytime soon.I've decided to update my review after discovering the secret to Sake Cafe's incredible sushi.... do not order anything off the menu.  Instead sit at the bar and put $30 on a sushi tab with the chef.     5 plates later you will be full of some of the best sushi that you have ate in your life.
Also, don't waste your time on the happy hour menu.   The motto "you get what you pay for" holds true here.Nice and timely hostesses however the food was borderline inedible. I won't be back for a long time. It used to be good. Don't know what happened.What happened to this place???  I remember a LONG time ago (many, many years ago) this place was the best!   
The quality of the ingredients has gone down hill.  Please bring back the quality of the ingredients and you will be packed.
You already have the foundation: a beautiful restaurant.  You just need excellent and fresh ingredients!Customer service sucks, I order a  to go order and sit at the bar.  No one offers a glass of water or even see if I wish to have at for a beverage.  When the waitress does come to bar she asks the other person next if she's ok and then Walks off.  This wasn't the first time.  Great food bad serviceSettled in the unlikely stretch of Elmwood Shopping Center, Sake is relying on those seeking a more exotic fare from surrounding burger, fried chicken, and other up-scaled fast food joints.
As a sushi restaurant, they are about average to meh, though a far bit better than other local eateries.Met a group of work friends after people have almost finished their meals.  Waitress adjusted well, took my order, kept the refills on point.  Then she actually divided up the check the way we wanted without the auto + 6 customers bonus tip added on.
The friendliness and the service was great.  The atmosphere was clean and inviting.  The food quality was way better than I was expecting.  Ordered the 'Heart Attack 911 roll'...so good.  She warned that it was spicy, but it wasn't that hot but VERY flavorful and delicious!
If I received this service and quality of food at least 2 more times, then I would rate it a 5.  Might be a fluke night having such a great experience after reading other reviews.
If you like sushi, it is worth your money and time for a try.Edible, but I won't be returning. Terribly bland and underwhelming, at best. The best item on my table was my glass of overpriced white wine. The staff seems slightly put off, the decor leaves much to be desired, and the surprisingly large tab for a glass of wine and two rolls is my cue to write a Yelp review to encourage others to find another sushi destination, because this place should be avoided...unless undesirable experiences are your kind of thing.Great selection of sushi. Friendly staff. Saving $$ by ordering from the lunch menu. 
Half price Sake, beer and house wine during football games! Who Dat likes sushi!!For a quick bite to eat before a movie, Sake is good.  I like to sit at the bar mainly because I feel like service is a little faster there.  When the restaurant is slow the servers take a little longer to check up on you but sometimes that can be ok.  
Menu- fairly standard sushi but their specialty rolls ok.  
this restaurant is smaller than all the other Sake Cafes so don;t expect to have a larger group.  This one is just for something quick and not that spectacularSake Cafe has been around forever which means that clearly they are doing something right. But, being around for so long, you kind of expect better than average. I would say this location is the best location by far, and it is still just a mediocre sushi joint. I feel as if rolls are never consistent, they are loosely rolled and often fall apart, and they are usually under stuffed. 
The service has always been decent here, not much to complain about with that. We came at lunch time when they are busiest, and had our food on the table fairly quick. Parking is perfect, prices are very reasonable. I think what holds this place back and makes it just average, is the sushi chefs and lack of standards established by management. Stuff the rolls better, roll them tightly like you care, and this place could be so much better!Always get the lunch special with the crawfish rolls and snowcrab rolls w/ salad, Only 8 bucks which is a good deal. Service is crappy at times. The waiters/waitressess seem like they don't want to be there as if the customers are a waste of their time.The sushi is consistently good here. I usually get the 3 roll combo. I love their crunchy roll, crawfish roll and spicy tuna roll. The combo comes with a salad and soup. You can choose from a miso soup or clear soup.Went for dinner with a friend.  I always forget how bland the pineapple fried rice is.  I get it every single time and regret it every single time.  It has no flavor - don't be blinded by the pineapple on the menu!  The sushi is ok.  Nothing to write home about.  I had their New Orleans roll with Crawfish.  
I also ordered their sparkling sweet sake - which the waiter had NO idea what I was talking about and I had to point it out on the menu.  
Overall, go 5 min down the road to Little Tokyo for great sushi.  It's worth the drive.This is one of the better sushi places around.  The food is always fresh and tasty.  Great service and attentive staff.  Would highly recommend this place.Solid 3 star for sushi - especially sushi happy hour and lunch. There have been rare occasions where a visit was 2.5 stars due to service or an off day for a chef. Also rarely a visit has been 4 stars because one of the older sushi chefs was there; the younger guys just aren't as good unfortunately. 
The lunch bento boxes are a great value for the price, and also good quality. My favorite is the sashimi box; great food, and the sashimi portion is generous. I have tried a few non-sushi dishes, and they were OK, but nothing I would order again. 
The happy hour is an amazing price for apps, drinks, sushi, and nigiri. I love ordering the shumai, salmon roll, clam, and wine. Tasty, cheap late lunch or early dinner. 
If the chefs were more consistent then I think this location could be a solid 4 stars, as it's always clean, the staff are nice, drinks are great, and sushi is of decent quality. As a lot of reviewers point out, the price point is high for regular dinner because the quality and finesse isn't there 100% of the time. I visit here frequently though because I can quickly get in an out at the sushi bar during a shopping trip at Elmwood. This is more of a place of convenience for me than a chosen destination.Second to only Magazine Street of the Sake franchise. Cleanest one of all. 
A hair above run of the mill. Good, not great.
Staff is usually kind and attentive.So I've been to Sake many times and every time I get the same impression (I only go back because it is close to my house). The staff is rude. The sushi is way over priced. They also use fillers. For example, the other day I ordered a spicy tuna roll and a special roll. The spicy tuna roll had way more cucumber and rice than tuna, which is ridiculous because after all I wanted a TUNA roll. The special roll was supposed to have spicy tuna and crab, and again I was disappointed because the roll was basically all crab with very little tuna. Lastly, they charge for dipping sauces like spicy mayo. I think this is extremely cheap. It's like charging for the sauce that goes with McNuggets or ketchup for fries.The rolls are okay; not the best but not the worst I ever had. The service was good. Our waitress was friendly and took good care of us. I do not remember her name, but based on the other reviews she must be the best server there. The atmosphere was nice for a tiny location in a strip mall. Not a bad place to stop for a quick meal.Normally I get a crab salad and a snow crab roll, but ordered a Clearview roll to-go from their online menu. I was really disappointed bc it was fried. I don't like the fried rolls. I'm not sure why it doesn't say that on their menu. 
Used to be a big fan, but have found much better sushi restaurants in the area.Apparently I'm a sushi snob.  I'm starting to think that there is not a good sushi place in New Orleans.  Sake Cafe is entry level sushi to me.  I would recommend it in as far as it probably won't make you sick.  I don't like the zen wannabe atmosphere, the service is hit or miss and the sushi rice is always too warm for my taste.This gets the job done for me when I'm looking for simple rolls or just want something quick. I've dined in before and service was quick and friendly. Tried the 2 roll lunch and the salmon teriyaki box. Everything was good, nothing that wows you, but good. They both come with soup (either miso or clear) and I think salad. The salmon teriyaki box comes with the salmon, some fried rice, a few pieces of sushi roll, half an orange, and gyoza. Not my favorite because salmon was skin on and my go to place that I get salmon teriyaki from is skin off. I ordered to go today, 3 roll dinner special that comes with soup (again clear or miso) and a salad with some kind of ginger dressing. I chose spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll, and California but I think I got crawfish instead. Not a big deal for me. They're your basic sushi rolls. They weren't wrapped too tightly and kind of fell apart. I think the spicy tuna was supposed to have spicy mayo on top, but it didn't. Either way I assumed it may come on the side to prevent sogginess, but I didn't get any. Maybe I had to ask for it, but I was in a rush so I got my food and left. Overall, nice place to stop by for a quick sushi fix or a fast lunch and it's also reasonably priced! The 3 roll dinner special cost about $15 with tax.The food was horrible!  When have you ever had iceberg lettuce in a sushi roll? ?? Then they served some mashup under the guise of stuffed shrimp that was enough to make me puke!  The waitress was extremely short with us and she seemed so unhappy the overall experience was very lackluster.  It's sad because the magazine location is awesome!Pleasantly impressed! We were shopping and running errands and coming up on the lunch hour when we had to decide on where to eat. I loved every aspect of our dining experience. 
Our initial greeting was friendly and our server was excellent! He was helpful in his suggestions, timely when serving and checking back and he went above and beyond for his guests. (I'm a chronic eavesdropper in restaurants since I was a server for a decade.) The ladies next to us had some odd/special requests and not only did he acknowledge those, but aimed to please by asking questions to enhance those requests.
I think what completely sold me was the lunch special price...HUGE plate of pineapple and shrimp fried rice, a six piece snow crab roll for $11 and change! I had leftovers for lunch the next day!
I would easily, and happily return for lunch any day of the week, you can't beat the price, the service or the quality of food!This Sake delivers the same great tasting food as the Veterans location but is a much smaller place.  At peak times you may have to wait a few minutes for a table. I find the service a little bit slower as well.
The biggest plus - it's located in the middle of Elmwood Shopping Center.  It's easy to get to and parking is a breeze. It's right across from
World Market.
It's my favorite Elmwood lunch spot.Went for a quick lunch, service took over an hour. Sushi was missing ingredients and rolls were a mess. I should have just gone to Jimmy Johns.First time at this location and I wasn't impressed.... the decor was clean and beautiful, staff was nice but my sushi....not so nice. I ordered the crab Naruto and it was smothered in layers of regular mayo, there wasn't any smelt roe like described or maybe it was just suffocated by so much mayo.... I also got other rolls and they were good so I'm just gonna say they had a bad day...im willing to try againI've been coming to this restaurant for over 5+ years. My experience is usually great. The service and food is normally excellent.
My boyfriend and I had lunch here yesterday. I ordered my normal sushi which was delicious and my boyfriend ordered the Udon.  His dish was greasy, bland and just not great. Our waitress "Brea s" seemed overwhelmed and bothered to even be working. First she forgot our drinks, we never got refills, and when we complained about the Udon she rolled her eyes, left the dish on the table, and went to her other tables first to finish taking orders before alerting the kitchen and putting in the new dish he requested. 
Normally, there are several servers who are refilling drinks etc. I watched the manager stand at the hostess stand and do nothing to assist our sever for the entire time we were there.  The manger never came to the table to apologize or offer anything while he waited. 
After quite some time of waiting for his Asian crispy chicken, the dish finally came out. Luckily, it was delicious. 
This was a disappointing experience for sake cafe. Poor service.Rolls are sub par.  Im a regular at the sake in kenner and this is no comparison. They are stingy with their sauces and the rice tastes old the 3 times I have eaten here.  3 strikes are youre out!The food is fine; however, it's the staff that I have an issue with. The hostess was so incredibly rude to me and talked to me like she was above me.Despite finding other location of Sake pretty enjoyable, I often struggle to find the same enjoyment with this spot. It is often convenient and we keep going because of that. And sake is always a great spot to feed the whole family when sushi is the request. But the service and execution at this location often lacks. On my last visit the problem was with our tuna tataki. While the tuna was of good quality, it was sliced way too thick for tataki and not seared enough. That sort inconsistency is what make this location lose a star over other Sake Cafes.My cousin and I stopped here after doing some holiday shopping. Overall I think this place is good but not great. Maybe I'm not willing to shell out the money for their specialty rolls. I do like the snowcrab meat inside the rolls but they were loosely rolled. 
I reluctantly ordered gyoza (6 pieces) because I can buy a bag full at the Asian market for the same price. 
I forgot they are made of pork and my cousin is an pescatarian (seafood eater). 
I ordered my classic crunchy roll and Metairie Roll and Linda ordered the 911 roll which was the best.
I just wanna say great service from our waiter name Ian. Im not usually the one to eavesdrop but overheard him helping a couple next to me get the best bang for their bucks depending on what they ordered. Food came out fast too. :)Let me start by saying that none of the Sakes are affiliated with the Sake on Magazine St- which is very clear!!! Just go to Magazine St! The ambiance, menu and food portions are 10x better!! 
The apps here were barely mediocre! Ordered the stuffed shrimp, crawfish dip, and the baked salmon app. The visual presentation wasn't desirable and the taste was ok. 
The only reason this place gets 3 stars is because my Elmwood roll had a great presentation. The taste was okay! 
Never again!I have eaten here for years and it's always pretty darn good. The sushi is usually quite fresh and the staff is friendly prompt and accommodating. The appetizers are great, especially the gyoza, however, my friends have all said the cooked dishes/entrees leave something to be desired and my friends comment on the dishes being quite dry often. I only eat the sushi and appetizers an I'd give them a thumbs up! It's a nice bright setting and located in a great shopping area. Stop in for lunch!I only come to this location for lunch, the uptown location is the best if all, but I like this one too. I've had a few things from the lunch menu and they were all decent, except maybe one time I wasn't too pleased with something that I've had a past visit, but overall I give them 3 out of 5. They have a good staff, the bartenders and the servers are always welcoming.Their spicy mustard is different and weird. My husband threw away his shrimp and noodles after one bite. It was slimy and tasted gross. The crunchy roll had avocado (it normally doesn't) and he does not eat avocado so he couldn't eat his roll either. The salmon tasted very very fishy. Our "salad" was lettuce and a single tomato. Now I remember why we don't eat there and have to go into the city when we want sushi. Giving two stars because although he couldn't eat the crunchy roll, it was the only one (of three) that I actually liked. Spent $30 and half of it was thrown away.I really love the staff at this location, I also like the bright lighting and all the open windows. Everyone here always makes me feel happy and comfortable, I only come here for happy hour, when it comes to sushi I like to keep it simple. And their simple sushi is great. Their crunchy roll is really fresh and the tuna and salmon are always super clean in taste -- plus, you can't beat sushi happy-hour prices & half-priced sake/beer/wine!  My go-to is large hot sake for 4$ and 3$ large Sapporo! 
I think the prices outside of their happy hour aren't really worth it and that's where I give it my 3-Star rating. Because it's not fantastic, but it is really great for what it is! 
I also like to frequent this location (over the 2 other locations) because I can do a bunch of shopping and then eat!! There is DSW, ULTA, Old Navy, World Market and Micheal's all in a shared parking lot.. Guitar Center is also connected in the same lot, too, but a little further.  It is SO SO much better than going to Lakeside Mall. (Oh and the movie theater is right there too!! So happy hour sushi and a movie is great cheap and early date night!!) 
I will do anything to avoid that mall, especially during the holiday season. I hit up this area for Ulta - the perfumes and makeup for my mom and sister I'd normally get at Macy's. World Market has the weird, interesting ,unexpected gifts for those people you don't know what to get and Guitar Center has all the great presents for the music lovers in your life.  So much great shopping this center has to offer, but always stop to get your quick sushi and sake fix in between. 
It's always better to shop all rosey-cheeked and sushi filled!!