We went for brunch a few months ago and food atmosphere and service was excellent,, so we returned for dinner on a Saturday evening was told we needed a reservation but the place was half empty. Then she said you mind sitting in a small corner booth so we agreed, the restaurant had maybe 2 more tables that filled while we were there so it stayed mostly empty why she told us that is beyond me! Service all night was slow, very slow,, food was great small menu not many choices and pricey!!  Do not recommend my dinner!Such an underwhelming experience. Service was meh... the server was nice and friendly but not attentive at all. We had to get her attention after being left for at least 15 minutes just to place our order. They weren't busy either. 
Menu choices are okay but the food took forever. It was noon on a Friday. I expected much quicker service. It took two hours for our party of 8 to be served and issued checks. That took about 15 minutes to have them retuned to us. 
The main issue is the food for the price. Everyone's burgers were over cooked and the only evident flavor was charred, burnt meat. With cheese and bacon, the burger was $18. This was not an $18 burger. Everyone was very disappointed (most of us ordered the burger). The fries were tiny little over cooked greasy shoestring fries. My friend ordered truffle fries and was served regular fries. When she pointed it out, the server said "oh I can make them truffle fries in two seconds..." She returned with fries that had the tiniest speck of parsley and some Parmesan and a mist of truffle oil.... there was minimal truffle flavor. Not worth the up charge. 
The terrible and expensive food could've been overlooked (maybe) but when combined with the terrible and slow service, it made the whole experience terrible. I would never come back.The greeting as we walked in was awkward.  Service was slow and inattentive.  Food was average at best.  The burger was over cooked and you could taste the char (burn) on the outside.  The smoked salmon Benedict had potential if it had been warm and had a decent amount of hollendaise sauce. We also ordered the farmers inlet which was tasty, but there was only half a biscuit on the plate.  No reason to return.This is a seriously romantic restaurant in Lakeview. Tonight, Tuesday, is half price bottles of wine. Our Cakebread Chardonnay half price was $40.00 well below retail price and truly amazing for a restaurant, so we bought two. But you need to consider the menu to compliment the wine or is it the other way around? The food is fresh, sourced locally and served so deliciously your mouth will burst with happiness. 
We have been here to dine for brunch and dinner at least 12 times since their opening.
5 stars for food, service and ambience.
We are repeat customers, I dare you to contradict me. You will fall in love with SALA.Very cool atmosphere, nice server, very yummy food.  Great wine list.  The calamari was delicious and even my husband was crushing on the asparagus and brussel sprouts.  We can't wait to try more of the small plates!  And they have wine specials!!!We found this little gem across the street from the New Orleans Marina and around the corner from Russel's Marina Grill.
The Louisiana Cioppino was fabulous. It had just the right selection of Mussels, Shrimp, Alligator Sausage and potato floating in a Sherry Shrimp Broth.  The Grilled Bagnette was there for further enjoying the wonderful Broth. This was served with the proper extraction tools, a cocktail fork, spoon and extra dish for discardings....shells.  
The spouse dined on the Shrimp Ceviche which was full of shrimp combined with a salsa mixture and chips. 
As an extra side plate for the table, we had the Short Ribs topped with a Blue Cheese Cream and orange Mamalade.  The is to die for as it had just the perfect Caribbean flavor. 
The Waitress was attentive and very informative with options and daily specials. Everything came out in a timely matter. We found that the prices were in line of restaurants offering similar dishes. 
This has become one of our new favorite places to dine.A very disappointing lunch experience. Was surprised since place seems to have decent reviews. Very slow service, food took a long time and server was not attentive to our table and the place was not busy at all.  I ordered the bacon Brussels sprouts which were drowning in some kind of sauce - not very tasty. I also had the Honey BBQ chicken sandwich which was just ok. It could have been a one off experience but I will not be returning and dont recommend you risk it if you are counting on an enjoyable meal and experience.We went to try the small plates, so we didn't try any of the entrees. We tried the oysters pannee, the bacon brussel sprouts, the sesame seared ahi, the truffle fries, and a bruschetta special. The bruschetta was "okay". Everything else was really, really good. Good beer options, and my date enjoyed her cocktail. Service was very friendly. 
We'll be back.For some reason the egg white omelet was considerably greasier than the two normal egg omelets at the table. The famers omelet listed mushrooms and I LOVE mushrooms. They were omitted :( And I know they weren't out b/c the omelet across from me was loaded with delicious looking shrooms! It still tasted ok but wasn't anything special.Second visit after a terrific brunch weeks before.  Menu had nice variety with interesting starters and creative small plates.  Enjoyed the special blackened fish and short ribs.  Wine list selections complimented well.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Good crowd on a Thursday night.  Lively bar scene too.  Will definitely be back soon.Stopped in on a Saturday evening (1-14-17) to try the new restaurant. The restaurant is clean and "new" looking.  My server was attentive and my rating has nothing bad to say about him.  I ordered the oyster bruschetta and the pork chop, along with a draft beer and an unsweetened ice tea.  The bruschetta was great, the pork chop was raw inside when it arrived and I had to send it back.  The meal was $46.75 not including the tip.  Not impressed with my visit.Happy hour here is great. The calamari, truffle fries, and brussel sprouts are awesome. Service was quick and the staff was really nice. My friends have decided this is the default happy hour spot from now on.We went got brunch today and all loved what we got! I was excited to see how they'd convert the space, and it did not disappoint. Very modern clean, and comfortable ambiance. The food was delicious and we had great service. We will definitely be back!Nice ambience and atmosphere however food and drinks are not very impressive.. first bartender arrived and asked what i want to drink I asked some since I was just arrived before my order and a glass of
Water to start which has never arrived until after I placed my food Order about 20Minutes later. I ve asked for steam muscles which they were out for some reason even if it was on the menu. Than we ordered salmon app and cheese plate well they were not the best but ok I ordered gulf Fish as my entree which was redfish that day and I substitute my potatoes to mashed potatoes however my food arrived right after our appetizers came and served cold. They didn't have moscato or any sweet wine commonly goes with sea food any where in the world.. We were sitting corner of the bar servers brought two silver rack and folded next to us while we were eating like they have no back server area ???!!  Umm over all wasn't impressed they need lots of improvement and keep their standards and customer service higher.Tried this new restaurant for the first time today and was totally impressed. You can see what a great job they did on the renovation the minute you walk in the door - very clean & modern look. The service was great from start to finish, and the manager stopped by our table to see how everything was going. Most importantly, everyone enjoyed their meal! I will definitely return to try some other offerings! Easy to get to and big parking lot. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed!The Bloody Mary is simple and on point. No huge trees in Thai one. Staff was very friendly and quick to help with advice. Kentucky hot brown sammich is great. So rich and flavorful. Get the Zepolli for dessert. Great spot!!!We came here for Sunday brunch and it was so good!! So fast, we were sat quickly and food came out quickly. We got the eggs ponchatrain Benedict and the crab and bacon omelette, both were delicious. Service was great too! We'll be back!Tried this place recently. Food was really good. Great place to grab a drink and some small plates. Atmosphere is chic and modern. Will definitely be back since we live close by. Needed a late night place like this in the neighborhood.Awesome food,  great service, bottomless mimosas for brunch.  The truffle fries are on point!! Will definitely be back!!Tried Sala for drinks with my husband last week (10-12pm) and wow. The bartenders do a great job quickly serving excellent drinks with a great attitude in a hospitable and visually inviting environment.  Grown ups only crowd, and decent prices.Wifey and I stopped in for an appetizer and ended up getting an app, entree and dessert. The Brussel sprouts were delicious. They were chewier than expected, but the bacon and butter sauce was rich and mmm, mmm good. Next we shared the broiled gulf fish, which was drum. It came with grilled asparagus and Brabant potatoes. All very good. I just wish the potatoes had been crispier like the ones Kenton's used to make. We finished with the chocolate ganache cake. It was so moist and chocolaty. It really hit the spot. 
Service was great. Our server was fast and very attentive. Ambiance was also great. It's a beautiful restaurant and great place to watch a game or for a date night. The only negative was that it was very cold in the building. We could have used jackets. They have outdoor seating and it was warmer outside, though. 
Looks like I forgot to take a picture of the fish. My bad.The bartender was great however unattentive. The cheese board was good but the fried seafood was lacking. The fries are not very crispy but have decent flavor. The rebuild of the building was fantastic, however lacking in vibrance. Overall, a decent meal but had potential.This was my 2nd Visit to Sala.  My review this time is drastically different! 
It was a wonderful experience, delicious soft shell crab, chocolate ganache cake, excellent service. The soft shell crab was very large,  fresh, and tasty. 
Thank you, Joe.We didn't have a great time. Felt like Applebee's but priced like Cava. Food was underwhelming. Service was slow and all the servers looked too young to drink and, therefore, did not bring drinks quickly. Food was good but not good enough to make up for the Denny's feel.Went on a Sunday for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. The food was very good and the interior of the restaurant is trendy and classy. The outside does not look as inviting. In fact, my husband said it looked like an old Denny's. Maybe that was the case, but both the interior and the food were definitely 10 steps above Denny's! Also, they have bottomless mimosas for $15 on Saturdays and Sundays!I really enjoyed dining at Sala.. What could I say, the seafood platter was amazing. I chose the ultimate seafood platter which had everything, although only 3 fried oysters wasn't enough for what was served . The only sticking point I had as far as service is concerned is that after taking our drink order, the waitress took a little longer coming back to get our starter order.  She was really nice but that was my only complaint there. After that , everything was fine. I tried their soup of the day which was the crab soup. It was creamy, light and a great start to the meal. After I ordered my seafood platter, had a chocolate martini which btw, was fantastic. Ok so to add to my greediness, I tried the beignet like donut that was sprinkled with powdered sugar and had a brown sugar glaze on the plate to  dip with.. so after asking the waitress for a wheelbarrow to get me out of my seat , she thanked us for coming and we were on our way.. I definitely will be back when I'm in town, but only after I've eaten a few salads first..This is a nice, attractive, casual restaurant close to the local marina area.  Upscale food.  Large popular bar.
Our group of six tried several dishes and walked away very happy.
We started with the generous sized calamari appetizer which was perfectly fried and drizzled with a very nice sauce.  The bacon brussel sprout  appetizer included a delicious butter cream sauce... not to be missed.
The restaurant seems to use a lot of fresh locally sourced black drum.   We tried it broiled beurre blanc, and as a fried drum almondine.  Both dishes were excellent.   We also had veal in a lemon butter sauce with mushrooms and crabmeat, a daily special.
Food was very nice.  Service was excellent.  Pricing is reasonable.
This is definitely a recommended restaurant.First time here and decided to try their coolinary menu. $36 for a 3 course meal wasn't too bad. Had the salad which was like a caprese salad. Very refreshing the dressing was light and not heavy tasting. Entree I had was the blackened catfish with crab meat over rice so delicious! My husband got the veal with pasta and he said it was good. They fried the veal nice and crispy but still tender. Finally the dessert I had was the chocolate cake. If you love death by chocolate cake then this is for you. It was too sweet for my liking. My husband got their cheesecake and that was delicious. I'd definitely go back.Loved the happy hour. The bar tender Candice was awesome. The drinks were on point and priced at just $5. One of the best happy hours in lakeview!!I don't even know how we ended up at Sala but my fiancé was impressed. He was ooing and ahhing at the modern furniture and fancy decor. I liked it too. I really wish Sala had a deal on unlimited mimosas (and/or screw drivers) because if they did, I would definitely be here every weekend for brunch. Our food was delish. My favorite was the side of truffle fries. The aioli was sooooo good. No complaints on this place. I loved it.Such an amazing meal! Went for Saturday brunch. Kelsey was our server and she was great! We had the shrimp and avocado dip - serious yum. I had the eggs sardou and wife had the Kentucky hot brown and we shared the fries - do not miss the fries! She had a Bloody Mary and I had the bloody Maria with Ghost Tequila, both were so so good! We will definitely be back soonOne of the best dinner experiences I've had in year. The company I had probably had a lot to do with that, but the braised lamb was exquisite.Bar and drinks are A ok! Food not so much there wasn't impressed with the quality or prices for such. It might have been just the entrée so I'll give it another try..Excellent dinner at Sala. Great fish tacos and pasta. I love the atmosphere and was pleasantly impressed with the cheese board and wine.This is our first time eating here. Our dinner was delicious! Great food, great place to hang out with your friends and family. Great service. Our waitress Laura was excellent. She was very attentive and very nice to us. For a family of four, we ordered different kinds of food. We had chicken caprese, sala burger, fried seafood, broiled gulf fish beurre blanc and the cured salmon board. We tried each other's food and we weren't disappointed. We will be back here again to try the other food on the menu.I was a little dissapointed with the service. The hostess barely spoke to my friend and I. There was no signage stating 'seat yourself but she didn't seem like it was her job to bring us to a table. We asked to be seated outside, the hostess handed us two menus, pointed, and told us to wait outside by an uncleaned table. By the time the table was cleaned, we already knew what we wanted to order. We had to ask another staff member where our server was. She greeted us and took our orders. My friend order a mimosa with her water and didn't receive it until after our food was brought to the table (by a different person than our server). While we ate our server never checked on us. The food wasn't the worst but it wasn't the best. Im just confused as to why the service is so cold and distant. And they weren't busy or crowded. It's not new orleans at all. We, again, had to get the attention of another server to bring us the check. All said in done, I wouldn't stop here when Russell's Marina Grill it's literally 2 restaurants over. At least there people smile.Ended up going here for brunch while I was in town for Mardi Gras. It was literally a 5 minute walk from where I was staying in Metairie, so it was convenient and I needed some food bad. 
I forget the bartender's name, but he was fantastic. He alerted my guest and I that they were closing early since it was Mardi Gras, but he was never persistent or rushing us out while we enjoyed our brunch.  
I had the Grilled Shrimp Spinach salad, while my guest had the Sala Burger. The food came out quickly and tit was very fresh. The salad was amazing. Overall my experience here was good. I would most certainly check out Sala next time i'm in the area.Great food and service. Nice wine list too. Inviting atmosphere. I've been a few times and have always left happy. I'll be back.Outstanding! They have a terrific menu and it's beautifully prepared. And the staff is terrific!!Amazing place! The server was absolutely amazing! Bottomless mimosas were always full and food was flavorful, well portioned, and overall great! Will absolutely be back! Recommend to anyone in NOLA and the surrounding area to visit!Had a Delicious spinach salad with shrimp , Roquefort dressing , crasins & onions. Ate every bite. My brother enjoyed his fish tacos (drum). Be prepared to wait a bit.Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere! Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here this evening. Fish tacos, panne veal, chicken linguine, Brussel sprouts...everything was delicious.So me and my friend walk in and we both are mid 20s girls with colorful hair. We stood in front of the restaurant for a good 10 mins while everyone even workers were just staring at us. Finally the hostess comes out of the back and seems confused as to why we are up there and I finally asked for a table for two and it still felt like we were just supposed to seat ourselves. Finally we sit and wait another 10 mins for the hostess to come back and asked if we have been helped and we hadn't. So we wait. ANOTHER 10 mins for our server. She took our drinks and order since we had plenty of time to decide. We didn't see her again till the check which I asked another server to get her for us. After we got our food I asked the guy that brought us our food if I could get the drink I ordered 20 mins prior. After half way finishing my meal I finally got my drink. I got the shrimp and grits and it was delicious besides the fact I was picking the poop out of the shrimp before I ate it. I would understand if it was busy but it wasn't busy at all and I feel as though me and my friend were judged upon arrival. Okay food, not so great service.Expensive but service is outstanding. Food was pretty good. Great location. Friendly, helpful staff.Love Sala! We go all the time for brunch and it is phenomenal food and drinks. Just wish those mimosas/bloody Mary's were bottomless  I've gone for dinner once and loved it! The service is always great and food is always good.Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere! Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here this evening. Fish tacos, panne veal, chicken linguine, Brussel sprouts...everything was delicious.The calamari, truffle fries, and brussel sprouts were great. Three stars because they charged full price for the drafts even though they're advertised as half price for happy hour.We decided to do a Coolinary evening here but ordered from the regular menu instead.The atmosphere and service were great. I can not comment on the Coolinary menu but I had the Ceasar salad and calamari. The calamari was crisp and tasty. My salad was just okay. My friends had the fish tacos and enjoyed them. We also had
the Brussels sprouts and oysters panne....I will go back just for that. Great service from Brittany!Went to this restaurant tonight. Absolutely incredible!  Seafood very fresh and prepared perfectly!  Two people in the party had fish, one had soft shell crab, and one had pasta and shrimp. Deserts we excellent as well.  Absolutely no complaints. Looking forward to returning.Some of the best food we've ever had...pork belly mac and cheese, crawfish bisque, brussel sprouts, fish tacos, veal and chicken...all delicious and service was amazing!Excellent service, delicious food, attentive staff.  I would definitely recommend Sala to anyone and everyone.Our neighborhood go-to spot! Love the food and the drink menu is awesome! Sala has great happy hour deals with a sweet, sweet staff!If I had a chance to give no stars I would. 
Let me start off by describing the place as we get there. 
LSU game is basically over, it's just after 9pm, only about two tables there and a full bar. 
We were greeting by the hostess, who continued to check on us throughout the night. She was sweet. 
She explained the servers name would be Fred. 
Fred came to greet us. He was fine at first. 
We ordered cocktails and spin dip.
Cocktails were fine however the spin dip was awful. Served with tostito chips....literally I'm not even exaggerating. Ya know the ones out of the bag.  I make better homemade chips at home. 
Strike one. 
Secondly I ordered the spicy pasta with shrimp and calamari and he ordered braised short ribs and we both added a salad. 
We waited about 30 after we finished out app before he brought food.....but he didn't bring the salads. When asked about it he said "oh they are in the window". When the salads were finally brought...mind you after the food...we could tell they had been sitting in the window. Warm, flaccid, and wayyy too much dressing. We didn't touch them.
Strike two. 
Fred never asked if we needed anything else or if there was a problem. 
Had to walk to the bar to order another round of drinks. 
At this time we are the only table left in there. 
Then the braised short ribs. Typically they come with bones however I've seen them without. No big deal as long as the flavor is there right!
NO FLAVOR what so ever. They were dry and awful.
I mean even after we added salt they were awful. 
Strike three. 
Wont be back....Ever!
Don't waste your time or your money. 
Never complained once....paid our $100 bill and left. 
However i must say throughout the whole deal the hostess continued to check on us and even as we left she was pleasant.Love the cheese board, the Taco and the tuna they served. The food is so tasty and the service is great! I love the decoration and the atmosphere of this place as well.Good place to grab a bite. Was visiting from Houston and turned in to have a late lunch. Sat at the bar and enjoyed their house specialty: shrimp and grits. The presentation was awesome with 4 whole shrimp (heads included) on a bed of grits, andouille sausage bites and a creamy sauce.  In my opinion, you didn't need that much sauce since the shrimp, sausage and grits had outstanding flavor. Will definitely come back.This place is simply amazing. By far the most underrated filet in New Orleans. It never disappoints and can't beat the price. Big filet, potatoes and asparagus for $36...and if you come on a Tuesday night it's 50% off on all wine bottles. Aside from the great deals, everything on the menu and service are top notch. Highly recommend!Yummy food. We had the duck empanadas, burger and short rib tacos. The tacos came out cold but everything tasted fine.This has become our Sunday Brunch spot.  Friendly staff and great food.  Today the staff outdid themselves.  It was pouring down rain when we got there.  We made a dash for the door but still got wet.   Once we entered, we were greeted with towels to dry off with! Much appreciated.I went on a week night for happy hour and it  was extremely quiet.
Nice glass of wine and ordered the veggie flat bread. Unfortunately it was too sparse on the veggies so it was more bread with a sprinkling of veggies, not what I desired. 
I also had the grilled fish tacos yet the tortillas were over sized compared to the taco filling. Fish was good  just overwhelmed by the tortillas.
Not sure I'd choose to go back .If you are looking for tasty and fresh sea food, Burger, and some good red meat in the same time, this is the right place. It's a great place for big groups and families with different tastes in food. We've tried the broiled fish, braised short ribs, and sala burger and all were great! And don't forget to try their hot fried Zippoli!I took my 9yr old wanna be foodie here and she told me to write the following...
She had the fish (Drum), her favorite, and said it was cooked to perfection. I had the tuna salad and it was definitely fresh and fantastic. I let my daughter try it and she is now in love with the dish. 
We had the chocolate cake for dessert which was a chocolate lovers dream! We shall be back! 
To add, this is a fantastic place to have an event for a city Chamber of Commerce or BNI event. It may as well be a Wine Wednesday Win! Come check this place out! I'm a fan.Just ate here for Sunday Brunch. Love the look of this restaurant in the inside. However, the food reminded me of hotel food. Nothing special, and not horrible either. Our table ordered biscuits with our meals and they were raw and doughy inside, sent them back, and they came back raw and doughy again. Didn't know you could mess up a biscuit. The hostess was super unhelpful, but our waitress was awesome! Very kind and attentive. Maybe they are still working out the kinksThe service and food was excellent. My son had the chicken panee  with linguine which was in a lemony tomato sauce, and his girlfriend got the burger with truffle fries. We ordered an extra side of the fries. I had the seared tuna in an asian dressing. Delicious! For dessert we got something weird made with ricotta cheese. Turned out to be Italian fried beignets with a caramel dipping sauce. Everything was perfect!Nice brunch and great service!
Throughly enjoyed our meal!
Crawfish omelette, crab and smoked salmon omelette were fantastic!We sat outside to enjoy the sunset, which usually drops the service at most restaurants (out of sight, out of mind), but they were still attentive. Quality drinks. Burger was ordered medium, came out a bit well done, cold, and dry but tasty with a great brioche bun, carmelized onions, and bbq sauce (lots of other potential add-ons like fried egg, bacon, etc). Excellent shoestringesque truffle fries. The broiled fish beurre blanc my wife had was light and fresh. Ambiance is modern, clean, house / Abercrombie music, semi-upscale but casual. Nice spot.The Pork Belly mac and cheese was AMAZING! My entree also came with a side of cabbage (I usually don't like cabbage) but I tried a bite full, and it was delicious! Will definitely be back!I had brunch here a few weeks ago with my daughter. I have to say, we go out for brunch most Sundays and Sala's did not disappoint. I ordered the eggs benedict and since this a favorite of mine , I was surprised how perfectly this was prepared. The eggs were cooked just right and the hollandaise was excellent. 
The service was prompt and the waiter a delight. 
I will definitely go back there and recommend it to anyone.Hard to rate this one. Mixed bag.... Decor is upscale and very inviting. Bar area contemporary. Wait staff ok, BUT took 1 hour to get our food!!! I kept asking the server what is the problem? His reply was the Kitchen was backed up, as they had not been accustomed to such a crowd. Well, news flash, SALA, it was a Saturday night in NOLA. WTH!  At one point he brought us a plate of crackers and cheese. That was nice, BUT why should it take 1 hour to get a shrimp linguine pasta. Both myself and guest ordered same. No offer of a drink, or even bread. In fact very little apologies until I asked what is the problem?? 
The entrees were very good, and for that and the decor I rated a 3 star. Otherwise, probably a 1 star. 
Maybe a week night ok to try, but I would not waste my time trying on a Saturday evening!
My biggest complaint is that no one even gave us s heads up that our food may take a very long time. Only after I asked did we get an explanation.Slow service. The barkeep who cleared the table was better at table service than our server. Food wasn't worth the price. The blackened catfish was barely brown. The seasoned rice just had some green onions. Chicken caprese was almost tasteless except for the stick of butter mixed in. They need to pick up their game if they would like to survive in NOLA. Competition in the neighborhood is very strong. I'd rather go to Landrys or NOLA food and spirits.This place is an adorable gem that perfectly fit my needs for the night. While in town I wanted to take a few hours to catch up with one of my best friends who I rarely get to see (promise this is important later). She recommended we try Sala because she'd been here before and said their drinks were awesome. 
Walking in, I was struck by the cozy and chic layout and use of space. There's a large bar that clearly gets a lot of traffic. There's also a small seating area/lounge for sitting and chatting over drinks. Then the restaurant tables/booths casually and naturally flow around these other areas. 
We had water delivered to our table and ordered a few cocktails, which were delicious. I highly recommend the Strawberry Mojito. Then we ordered a starter and a couple entrees and a side of Brussels sprouts.  The starter, Duck Empanadas, came out pretty quickly and we devoured them. I could literally eat these every day--they were amazing!!!
With our hunger tempered, we sat at the table enjoying our drinks and catching up. We had a lot to talk about and didn't even notice or care that the food was taking a while. When the food did come, it was divine. I had a Shrimp Platter, and it was great.  The shrimp were large and the batter was unique. This wasn't your standard lunch spot fried shrimp!!  The side of Bacon Brussels Sprouts were also great and very flavorful; a light creamy sauce made it more than a typical side veggie. 
As we finished our entrees, our waiter came to our table apologizing profusely for the food taking so long, and told us that the owner was sending out dessert on the house to make it up!  Like I said, we hardly noticed that there was a delay in our food so this was surprising but a very thoughtful touch.  To make things EVEN BETTER, the owner himself delivered the dessert to the table. I don't remember the name of the dessert, but it was a small beignet-like cake ball with a cinnamon-infused frosting spread on the plate. They were delicious and we devoured them despite already being stuffed!! The owner personally checked on us once more before our checks came and again apologized for the delay and thanked us for our patience. 
I'd return here over and over. The atmosphere, the food, the drinks, and especially the service were incredible and that deserves 5 stars and all the recognition!! Thanks Sala for an awesome experience and a fun night catching up with my girl!The food is really good!  Drinks are too! Only issue, it takes a while for your meal to be served. However, when not in a rush, a great place to relax, drink, eat and be merry!!!  ;)Celebrated birthday with my fellow Capricorns. The service was amazing, the food was delectable, and we received a great wine recommendation. We'll definitely be back!Well, the food was pretty good. Service was very inattentive, especially initially.
Oh yeah, when the owner comes and hits on your date, like he has in the past with others, but does not even introduce himself to you or acknowledge your presence, and then has an attitude when you introduce yourself and offer your hand... it doesn't add to the experience in a positive way.From service to food everything was GREAT. The martinis and margaritas are delicious. It's a family friendly place but also maybe after hours (not so much :D) 
Sam and Kyle were awesome and showed the most professionalism and hospitality.
My boyfriend and I are in the SIN. They nailed it!! 
Will def be backThis place was average in the every sense of the word. Visited here for brunch on a Sunday morning with a party of 5. We initially wanted to visit Russell's, but as those that have been to Russell's before, know that you have to get there super early or suffer a wait, so we headed next door to Sala. The place was half full, decently bustling with people. The atmosphere itself was super bright, airy, and welcoming. 
Service from our server could've been 100x better. Drinks were only refilled when we asked, didn't check in until after we were almost done with our meal, partially slammed drink cups on the table slightly aggressive. Everyone has bad days, but service is half of the experience. 
Everyone in my party ordered something different. None of the meals were really HOT, but rather lukewarm. We were starving regardless so it was eaten, but could tell that some of the items had definitely been sitting under the heat lamp for a while. 
The crab cake benedict was good and a thick crab cake, though the potatoes on the side were a measly portion. Omelet was good and a good portion size. French toast was three long pieces of french bread. The kentucky hot brown was a table-favorite, basically an open-faced sandwich with Mornay sauce (similar to Croque Madame sauce), tomatoes, and an egg. Random combination of food but tasted great! 
Would give this place another shot. Maybe for dinner instead of brunch next time.Great new modern gem in Lakeview, nice menu, cheese and Salmon board yum!!! Tapas, yes but the portions are more than enough to fill you up, if not shared. Cocktails are well balanced and refreshing. Even has a patio out front, we'll be back.Took my best friend for dinner here. Atmosphere was nice, food was great! The variety of different dishes! And everything was amazing! My waiter could have had a better performance. That was the only downside.I wasn't really familiar with this cute little Lakefront spot, but when my dad told me that he wanted to try a new seafood place for his birthday, the good reviews guided me to Sala.
It was around noon when we were here for lunch, and the place was empty except for one other table. The first thing I noticed is how big the restaurant is- it seems like a nice place to celebrate a special occasion and there's a nice "living room" area in the middle where you can just sit and enjoy happy hour drinks.
I decided to start with an order of the calamari. The serving here is huge and it's plenty enough for two people, and it comes atop a mixed salad concoction with a yummy sauce. The batter is light and not overwhelming at all, so you still get the flavor of the dish.
For the entree, my dad and I both got the drum almondine, which is lightly fried and topped with a lemon butter sauce and toasted almonds and is served with a side of brabant potatoes. This dish was outstanding! The fish was full of flavor and perfectly fried and the lemon butter sauce was out-of-this-world decadent. In fact, my dad RAVED about how good it was (he's a pretty hard sell) and said that it's one of the best dishes that he's had in years. I have to agree- you get two big pieces of fish, with a generous serving of potatoes for $23 and it's all cooked to perfection. This dish is a MUST, if you visit.
Our waitress was so sweet and I wish I had gotten her name. She was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and made sure that we had everything that we needed. Sala is a hidden gem and I'll be back.A very nice and welcomed diversion from the Quarter.
Tuna appetizers were very fresh!
Calamari was excellent.
All five entrees were very good!
I had the salmon and loved it.
Great patio and great service!Service and food just really underwhelmed at every point.  Drinks had black particles in them that turned out to be coffee that had somehow been spilled in the ice.  Prices for the quantity and quality of food made it not a good value.  Service was very slow and frequently the waitress just disappeared for long stretches.  The food took quite a long time to come out for what it was.  This establishment definitely seemed to be disorganized and struggling to get into a functional mode.