Consistently delicious.
Incredible cocktails. try them all. Unique. Top quality.
A large variety of Tapas.
Incredible flat breads, mussels, bacon wrapped dates, calamari to die for, and cheese plates.
Go!Two words: Happy Hour. My go-to spot for 1/2 off flat breads, mussels, and drinks. The service has always been exceptional. Salu is walking distance from my house, and among all of the other restaurants around it, I have always pick Salu for easy, delicious dining.We decided to try Salu last night (after having noticed it many a time passing by on Magazine) because I specifically wanted two things 1- a glass of wine and 2- cheese at 9pm on a Thursday evening and we figured this was a good bet in the area.
Assessment correct- Salu has a nice list of wine options and a lovely cheese and charcuterie board that lets you pick which cheeses and meats you want (so you can get just 2 or as many as you want on the board- we did 2 meats and 2 cheeses and it was a good amount for two people to share) The options for the day are listed on the chalkboard to the right of the bar and might include things like Brie, Danish blue, smoky gouda, duck prosciutto, salami, etc... and the plate comes with an assortment of little accompaniments (jams, pickles, olives, crostini, etc.)
I was quite pleased- it was magnificent.
Because I can't resist a ceviche, I ordered that, too- it was also quite tasty (comes with tortilla chips). 
I was much tempted to try a bunch of other stuff I saw on the menu, but we'd already eaten a few hours before so I didn't want to have another actual meal. 
The atmosphere is nice- and there's seating indoors, outdoors and at the bar. We sat at the bar since we were just there for a snack and wine (The bar area is nice- and the bartender was quite helpful and friendly), but Salu is now on my list for a full dinner date at some point in the near future (someone at another table had the paella and it looked awesome). I've also heard that the happy hour is a thing here...so that's also in the future plans...
Obviously, I liked Salu enough to make plans to come back.
Overall- this is definitely on my list of favorites in town now...I'd recommend it to anyone looking for small plates and/or a Mediterranean meal.Great job CHARLES! Not sure of the hostesses name.. But. She was fun and made the night as well.. Food was amazing.. Had the artichoke hearts.. (We weren't fans). But the Salu salad with shrimp was to die for.. My date had the chicken.. Amazing... Drink recommendations? Try the rye whiskey, cava, and St. Germaine cocktail.. First time trying it and we'll be back and asking for Charles.. (Or Stew)!Came here for some happy hour sangria and pizza with friends when visiting New Orleans and had a great experience. 
We came at a time when it was pretty crowded and all of the outdoor seating was taken which was kind of a bummer. The inside isn't exactly what I was expecting from a Nola happy hour. Seemed a little more formal. Which wasn't bad but I would have preferred the outdoor seating and would wait for it in the future. 
We each ordered a pizza and split an order of mussels. Since we all got a different kind of pizza we were able to try one of almost every pizza they have on the menu. They were all great!
Great happy hour prices!Was Happy Hour Hoping on Magazine for Labor Day weekend and stumbled across this place. Happy Hour Mussels and Flatbread and 1/2 off the entire bar from 3p-7p. Service was slow and not as attentive as in used to. The food was tasty my wife and I shared the traditional Mussels with linguini and they were cooked well and had awesome flavor. The other shareable plates were tasty but nothing really stuck out to me. Awesome deal on Magazine though.This is soley based on their bacon wrapped merjool dates, which I had at Salu's booth at the white linen festival. Seriously one of the best tasting things EVER. I haven't actually been to Salu's but I will be there just to eat this. Stuffed with mascarpone cheese and wrapped in applewood smoked bacon. Combination of flavors work wonderfully!Awesome! We went here for a pre-date snack and had a GREAT time.  The staff was very friendly and the ambiance hit the mark.  I loved the honed, white marble bar for an elegant, yet laid back feel.  
I highly suggest the meat and cheese platter.  The presentation and selection of this platter won me over for this restaurant.  Varied meats and cheeses, olives, dried fruit, nuts, and varied reduction sauces displayed on a chic cutting board. If you are looking for a classy, yet casual start to the evening, pick this place.I attended this restaurant on two different occasions. It has a great small plates with tons of flavor. Their paella was okay, you can get a way better one at Lola's or Barcelona Tapas. The staff was friendly and it has a cool location on Magazine street next to everything. However, the restaurant was super loud and it was hard to speak to other friends. The restaurant was packed both times I went. I would attend again if a group wanted to go for drinks and small plates.Since discovering this gem, I have gone back numerous times.  Typically the price adds up quickly at Tapas places, not so here.  The dishes are very reasonable and some of the best Tapas dishes in New Orleans.  The atmosphere is always fun, outside is enjoyable in good weather, service is very good and it's clean.  Great place to take a date!  Favorite dishes, GRILLED SKIRT STEAK sliced over a Brandy-Wild Mushroom Cream and for dessert, CHOCOLATE GANACHE COVERED PROFITEROLES.Visited Salu on a recent trip to NOLA (June 2012) with a few gfs. Very cute place with excellent food. Loved that they had small plates as I am incapable of ever finishing anything but love to try multiple dishes. Nice variety of food. Loved loved loved the butternut squash/pumpkin risotto with scallops. I am still thinking about it 2 months later. Would have skipped the goat cheese empanadas, they were nothing special, space in my stomach that could have been put to better use. The crab cakes were also great as was the calamari, which had a nice kick. 
Overall a definite fan of this restuarant and if I ever find myself nearby again, will definitely stop by for a bite.Best crab cakes in the city, as far as I'm concerned.
Went here for Valentine's Day and was taken care of so well. Thank you for a great meal and super service. 
We will make this a regular stop!I love this place. The food is great, the drinks are great and the atmosphere is very whimsical and romantic. The monitors are excellent!Changed their menu, food cold and too salty.One of the best happy hours in the city! The food is amazing. You can actual make a dinner out of happy hour deals. The mussels are a must have and a great price! The service is excellent. Everything about this place is awesome. I'm looking forward to trying it for its bottomless mimosa/Bloody Mary/ Pims Cup brunch.Great to watch a bit of the game & to have a snack.  Standard NOLA style pub fare.I have been to Salu many times for both dinner and brunch. It's the perfect spot for very versatile events. I've been on girls nights, first dates, wild brunches, and date nights with my boyfriend here and none of them have felt out of place. The food is always so delicious. I recommend their spinach and artichoke flatbread and the fra diavolo mussels. If you go at night on a weekday get there before 7 so you don't miss their happy hour of discounted mussels and flatbreads and half off drinks! There's nothing like splitting a few pitchers of sangria with your friends at one of their outside tables when it's warm. I've never been disappointed by a dish here. Their brunch deal is one of my favorites - $20 for bottomless mimosas, bloodys, AND Pimms cups! I never leave there sober but always happy and full. This is a great neighborhood joint with a twinge of an upscale vibe that's always delicious and fun.Wow this place is amazing!!!  Every plate we had was just to die for. Our friend Ryan rivers took us here since were from San Antonio and we are ever so thankful. It totally reminds me of feast restaurant in San Antonio.  I'll def be back here.We ventured out of the French Quarter for a change (if you read my last review in NOLA, you'll know that I am not too big into eating EVERYTHING FRIED) so venturing out to the Garden District, on Magazine Street was a blast on a beautiful afternoon in NOLA!
Salu was AWESOME! We were seated outside and almost immediately greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable waitress, Gabrielle, who first inquired if we had been to a Small Plates/Tapas/Wine Bar before and warned us about the small portions, which was attentive and courteous. 
I ordered an original Caipirinha - she made it 100% delicious and authentic, the way I like it and for $2.50 (happy hour special) it just could not be beat! 
We ordered the Veggie Flatbread and 3 small plates - Olive Tapenade, Calamari and Crispy Artichoke Hearts. The calamari and artichoke hearts were both so delicious, very nice and crispy! The olive tapenade is basically a mix of kalamata olives, pine nuts, sundried tomatoes and rosemary and garlic - a bit on the salty side, but the olives are known for high sodium content. The flatbread was SO GOOD - the veggies were roasted to perfection, the mozzarella was housemade and fresh and I am totally inspired now to make my own flatbreads! A much healthier alternative than pizza, with loads of yummy veggies! What a nice treat!
More than enough food for 2 peeps - mind you, my friend is 5 months pregnant! (lol :) so 3 small plates and a flatbread was satisfying for us! SUCH a good place, def. a favorite - although non-Creole/Cajun! A nice change of pace and we enjoyed everything about Salu through and through!I had the Stuffed Chicken and the B.L.T.Flatbread & my boyfriend had the Cochon de Lait Slider and the Steak & Cheese Flatbread. The chicken was stuffed with Marscapone & Boursin so if you love cheese you'll love it.The B.L.T.Flatbread had a Truffle Mayo sauce that made it sooo good.Of course I had to taste my boyfriends food too & the Cochon Sliders had this Garlic Aioli sauce that made it delicious.Everything was really good. The Sangria tasted good but its definitely not what I imagined.I thought it was gonna be an actual Sangria like you get in Spain, you know,the kind with the pieces of apples & oranges in it. I was kind of dissapointed.I'm glad I came during happy hour(M-F 3-7 ) bc I would've even been more dissapointed if I would've had to pay $8 for that Sangria instead of $4.I gave this place 5 stars bc I came here for the food not the drinks & the food was amazing.The waiter was really nice & helpful with anything that you weren't familiar with on the menu.We loved Salu. Our waitress, Corey, couldn't have been more fun and helpful, suggesting the most delicious flatbreads for us to try. Yummy drinks, too, and a pleasant bottomless option for my fellow mimosa drinkers. We'll be back.Service was excellent but the menu is a bit pricy for Magazine Street. I had the mussels, which were excellent and enough for a full meal - the seasoned fries that are extra are worth it though.  There is no luncheon menu.Tapas gets another winner in New Orleans.  Salu has a calm and casual atmosphere with a great vibe.  It's definitely a more trendy joint, so style and presentation may put a pit in the matter if you are looking for true fine dining.  
The food, though, does not disappoint.  As with any establishment, at Salu you will find plates that rock your taste buds along with others that seem somewhat bland.  Here is where the tapas side kicks in -- order lots, share, and find out what you enjoy.  The portions at Salu are a bit larger than most tapas / small plate restaurants, so sharing with the table will not be a difficult ordeal.
Overall, the prices and quality are all on-par with other local tapas and small plate establishments.  If anything stands out, it's the trendy environment and friendly service.  Recommend the Duck Flautas.
Food:  23 / 30
Service:  25 / 30
Decor:  24 / 30
Wine List:  22 / 30;  Variable mark-up, ~2x on cheaper, less on more expensive bottles.I was recommended this place by a friend and was sad to say I probably won't be following many more of this friend's recommendations. I arrived at Salu for dinner on Saturday night and was expecting to wait since it's always looked busy whenever I go by. My party took seats at the bar and ordered drinks. Although my friends received their drinks, my margarita never arrived. We waited at the bar for over half an hour even though there were several empty tables.  The bartender missed out on at least $10  for the margarita and a tip and I chose not to risk ordering another drink once I sat down. I guess the people in front of us never arrived because we were finally shown to a table that had been empty since we arrived. Our waiter was helpful and attentive. The food was disappointing. Some of the lighter dishes such as the salad were flavorful and a good size, however, the meatier dishes were heavy, salty or too greasy. The atmosphere was  not to my taste with loud music and trendy decor. I personally prefer to be able to hear the people at my table but others might not mind.Salu was a great dining experience all around and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone. The food was great, our server, Erik, was attentive and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere was relaxing. 
My friend and I ate at Salu on a Sunday and sat outside on the patio. Our server, Erik, greeted us and gave us time to look over the menus. We ordered their Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Flatbread, a Burger, and Grilled Brie (recommended by the server). Everything was delicious! The Grilled Brie was a great appetizer, the roasted garlic and caramelized apples went really well with it. 
We ordered a bottle of wine and Erik told us about their great specials. Thursday nights they do Paella specials. When you order Paella you get a bottle of wine for free! 
The burger was cooked perfectly and topped with an egg. The flatbread we ordered was also very tasty. The service was really one of the best experiences I've had. Erik gave us enough time to order, he didn't hover, but we never felt neglected or forgotten. He knew exactly when to check on us throughout the meal and when to deliver the check. 
I had been here before for their great happy hours but never for dinner. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for happy hour specials or a fun meal. 
Thanks for the great customer service and fantastic dinner!First time here and was very pleased. Great service and great food. Parking wasn't bad and restaurant was very clean. There's tv and wide open area to dine inside or out.The waitress was so nice and we had great service. The happy hour specials are great! Flat bread pizzas and the house salad was delicious. Topped it off with some tiramisu and coffee for a great dinner with a fun atmosphere. Awesome representation of NOLA and Magazine!Liked but did not love Salu.   The service was quite good but the menu had hits and misses...  We started with fried artichokes and cerviche.  The first couple bites of artichoke were fine but frankly the portion is huge (way too much for a small plate) and over-breaded.  It was like something you'd get at a sports bar.  The cerviche was bland and the seafood was chewy.  On the up side, the meatballs were terrific - well spiced and moist.    The mussels were also very full of flavor and well cooked.   The good news is I now know what to avoid on the menu.The lamb lollipops are a must!!
The flatbread pizza was ok.. And pretty forgettable. Actually the rest of the meal for the two of us was forgettable since those are the only two things I can remember. Giving 4 stars for the lamb lollipops.Wesley is a very knowledgeable and friendly waiter. The chef recently changed some of the menu and it's even more delicious than before!wonderful food. great service. nice wine list.It's all about happy hour which lasts until 7! Those imbibing receive half off cocktails, starters and flatbreads. I went after happy hour. Food is good, but tastes even better when you get a deal. 
It's got a Spanish flair, but I wouldn't describe the food as Spanish even though it's served in tapas style.I signed up for Yelp simply to say how awesome my friends and I's experience here was.  We first got a recommendation from various people that we should try places outside the French Quarter and Business District.  We decided to head this direction and decided to walk inside Salu.  We were immediately greeted by an excellent waitress who ran through every item on the menu and gave her personal recommendations.  I personally had the Lollipop Lambchops, which we fantastic. The staff was fast, efficient, and everything all of us could ask for.  As we were paying our tab, the waitress told us a couple that just left bought us a dessert (the name slips my mind), welcoming us to New Orleans.  We were all blown away.  After we ate and were trying to leave a second time, the waitress comes back with a round of shots for us.   
I would recommend this place after the amazing customer service they gave us that day.Pulled pork on corn fritter cakes - yum! Wine is very reasonably priced - had a nice glass for $6.So I came here early May 2014. The place is located in a heart of magazine st, very trendy spot with a lot of activity in that part of town.  The place looked great and had an excellent atmosphere. The menu is basically tapas. Everything was great except for when I ordered a stuffed chicken breast... It was raw! (Not undercooked, but raw.) When I brought it to the waitresses attention, she didn't seem to comprehend the severity of serving raw poultry. I did ask to speak to the manager. All the offered was to bring it back to the kitchen and cook it. I asked for it to be removed from the ticket and I didn't make a huge fuss about it. The worst part was that I had bitten into it. If it wasn't for that particular incident, I would've spoken highly of this place. All the other dishes were great and the prices fair.
In all honesty, I'll probably come back and hopefully raise its rating. But not until trying out any other restaurant in the vicinity.I have held back from posting a review of the New Year's Eve prix fixe dinner I had here because I don't know if it overall, or any of its individual dishes, will be available in the future. But three days later I'm still thinking about it and how it's one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life, the type in which each individual dish stays in your taste memory.
To recap--
Amuse: Lamb Arancini, carmelized onion & Tarragon yogurt--excellent with a nice chunk of lamb in the center of the golf ball-sized morsel. I could've had about 3 or 4 more of these.
4 onion French onion soup with melted gruyere on ciabatta--Several steps above even the best onion soup, the 4 different types of onion in it gave it a more complex--and delicious--taste than you normally find in such soup.
Salad: Raw Kale with satsuma Vinaigrette, pickled grapes, gorgonzola dolce, and candied pecans--A lite refreshing course, yet still a nice-sized portion. Possibly my only quibble of the evening was that by the time I got my salad there weren't as many pecans as I saw on a tablemate's plate (he had ordered a la carte and had gotten his a little earlier when I was having the soup); he had left them over and I nearly reached across the table to get them so they wouldn't go to waste ;-)
Appetizer: Cured Foie Gras, brown butter toast, burnt orange marmalade, pear demi, crispy sage--Now I'm a good, adventurous eater but usually I don't get what the fuss is over foie gras, reacting to it with a "Meh" response. Not this time. Never mind that there were two very well-portioned hunks of it (more than made up for the pecans, well, almost. Lol) the combination of the ingredients and the quality of the foie gras made me rethink my prior opinion of this delicacy. As with the soup, it was revelatory.
Entree: Pan seared Jumbo Scallops Hoppin' John with pork belly, jasmine rice, bourbon soaked beans, & blackened aioli--4 giant scallops cooked to a perfect tenderness over an earthy yet complex rice dish--YUM! Individually, the scallops and the Hoppin' John were wonderful but, when combined, you wanted to have it once a week for the rest of your life. Granted some of the pork belly pieces were pure fat, but many were all or mostly scrumptious meat.
Dessert: Chocolate stuffed Beignets, powdered sugar, and espresso--The perfect way to end the meal with three lite beignets, each about the size of a flattened Twinkie, and each oozing the espresso, which was quickly sopped up by the beignet.
I have a sweet tooth and one of the things I enjoyed most about the meal was the natural sweetness of many of the dishes from a subtle one in the soup to a more pronounced one in the foie gras (the pear demi I suspect); in the salad not only were the grapes such bursts of sweetness but, whereas I'm not crazy about gorgonzola generally, the "dolce" allowed this to blend in nicely with the other ingredients. Ironically, however, the beignets were not overly sweet which, by then, was just fine.
(Just for the record, a gentleman at the table next to me, who had the other entree choice, a garlic rubbed Prime Rib, was underwhelmed by it, tho he did enjoy the soup)
Service would've been outstanding on any night, doubly so given that it was a busybusy New Year's Eve. The red sangria, a pitcher of which was more than enough for 3 people, was fabulous with its cinnamon flavoring.
And given that the cost of the 6 courses was a mere $60, I can almost forgive them for not bringing me (and my tablemate who also did the full dinner; altogether there were 11 of us) the promised complimentary glass of champagne. Almost. Lol
Otherwise I'm still savoring the meal. If the rest of 2016 is as superb as it was, I'm in for a very good year!What a great birthday dinner this past Thursday for my wife. This place has awesome food and even better drinks! On Thursday night there's live music which made the night that much better. I actually can't wait to go back....it was just that good.I hate to leave a poor review, but this place has the WORST SERVICE I've ever experienced! I got to Salu around 7:15 with a party of 4. The restaurant was far from full, with most patrons sitting outside and just a few people sitting inside. The hostess sat my group outside, we quickly placed our orders, and the waiting game began. Even though the restaurant was relatively empty, and we had placed simple orders, we were still left waiting for things like drinks, refills of water, and updates on our food. Every time the waitress passed us, she said, "The food is on its way, your food is coming right out." Yet at 8:00 we still didn't have any food. Finally, an hour after arriving at the restaurant, my friends got their food. Apparently there was a problem with mine, and I had to wait an additional 10 minutes. 
The food itself was pretty good, but not worth an hour plus wait. I got the spinach and goat cheese flatbread, and others in my party tried the chicken and the Margherita flatbread. 
We left Salu around 9:00, after begging the waitress to rush our checks. I don't think I'll be returning any time soon.Another lovely gem of a restaurant right in my neighborhood (well, basically . . . very walkable from my house!). :-)
Went here with an old college friend who only rarely makes it back to the city, so when he does, we have to hit up the really good restaurants. We were looking for something close by, and I had never tried Salu before, so we just crossed our fingers and took a chance.
I went ahead and made reservations via Open Table, but it wasn't really necessary on a week night. I've never really seen them out of control busy, and the ambiance is very nice. For some reason, the stand out for me is that it felt very CLEAN. And for those of you who know New Orleans, you know that it's not a very common descriptor for our restaurants. ;-) 
The food was completely delicious. I always have mixed feelings about tapas . . . on one hand, it's great to be able to try small portions of a lot of things, but on the other hand, if something is good, I always wish for a larger portion, and I don't really like sharing food. (sorry, I know that's not terribly romantic, but I guess it's just a character flaw!)
In this case, I loved everything they put down in front of me, so of course, I wanted larger portions of everything! I know, I know, that wouldn't have been very practical, because who can eat full portions of 7 different menu items? It's called a very big doggie bag, people. 
Service was nice . . . they didn't ignore us or hover, and our server was adorable with a good sense of humor. 
Salu is a very lovely surprise, and I'm glad we are neighbors!I see the Yelp average rating is 3 1/2 stars which is exactly what I would rate Salu if 1/2 stars were an option.  I'll round down since there are too many options in the neighborhood.
I've been quite a few times in the past few months so decided to wait to review until after a few visits.
Salu has great happy hour specials (mussels, etc.) and a great location.  They did a fairly nice job on the buildout and has outdoor seating.
The food and service however are just ok.  On Sundays until the late afternoon they only serve some strange "brunch" menu.  We are not in Awfulstin, TX and normal people do not eat "brunch" in the afternoon just because it is Sunday.  I had the crab and asparagus omelet which was ok but a little lacking in flavor.  The other two people with me got the classic burger which one liked and one didn't.
The service has been pretty poor every time I have dined at Salu and the noise level is awful inside.  There is little sound proofing inside and on Sundays they have a guitar player that plays and sings at unacceptable levels.  We try to avoid Rum House when busy (I tried to avoid at all times) because of how noisy they get but Salu was even louder and they weren't even 1/4 full inside.
As for the service, management needs to train the servers better.  Reaching over the table, not filling water glasses or asking for refills, giving the check without asking while we're still eating, forgetting to bring condiments, servers not working together, etc.I have given this place 5 stars, but I didn't enjoy the music. We enjoyed cocktails and wine with lunch which consisted of 2 selections of the flatbreads. Very tasty.We came to this place for brunch and the first thing they asked was if we had a reservation even though the restaurant was empty. We were seated outside , on the side of the building. We weren't even asked if we preferred to sit inside, at the bar, or outside. Then we were sat outside on the side of the building, it felt very secluded and we felt as though we could easily be forgotten by the staff. The menu was lacking. Was only visited by the wait staff twice.We initially came here because we had wanted to go to another restaurant in the area.  We didn't realize it was a Saints game night and our original choice was completely packed with a large crowed outside.  Salu was our second, possibly third choice.
I have no idea why this restaurant doesn't have five stars.  Everything was amazing.  The atmosphere was great.  There were a lot of people in the restaurant and yet all of us at the table could hear each other to carry on a conversation.
And then there was the food.  So, so good.  We had the chef's special appetizers and they blew us out of the water.  All types of entrees for dinner and nothing was bad.  I can't wait to go back.Salu offered a (relatively) inexpensive meal. While some of small plate dishes aren't spectacular, the pull pork dish is quite tasty. (For $4.50, this plate makes the trip worthwhile.) The sea scallops were also delicious.
The atmosphere was also fun and lovely; the service very good. Go for a drink, choose one of the warm small plate options, and enjoy!We love this place for lunch. They had great food and yummy desserts. The service was amazing and if you like a drink they have bottomless mimosas for $20.00. All in all a great clean delicious place.Salu is my favorite place to watch the Irish Channel parade from. It's rarely crowded and when the weather's nice they keep the doors open so you don't miss anything. One of my favorite things is their cucumber drink...I don't remember the exact name but it's so refreshing when you've been parading all day. The entire drink menu is great. Another favorite is their mushroom/goat cheese flatbread. 
My only complaint is the price - it is a bit expensive, but it is a bit more upscale in terms of ambiance than other restaurants. Service is good but can get backed up when it's crowded...but that's to be expected. All in all it's a nice alternative to some of the busier places nearby.Went on a Saturday night, it was unseasonably nice for New Orleans, so we sat outside. The service was EXCEPTIONAL!! Gavin, our waiter was just wonderful:o) The gm was also checking on tables, and was super, making sure we had everything we needed. The food, Wow. The stuffed chicken small plate, with the fried spinach, was just delicious, we were scraping off the sauce with a spoon. We also had the brie, lamb, and fried artichokes, everything was extremely tasty. The lamb was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was also spoon scraping good. We had a bottle of wine that Gavin recommended and it was perfect, and price wasn't too bad at all! This was a fun place, and perfect for my sister, step mom and I to have a great little dinner. Highly recommend!The food is amazing very relax ambience, great happy hour.Great food excellent service, would eat hear again enjoyed it  Chris was our server and he the bestI can't say enough good things about this place. I love so many things on their menu. It's in on of the best sections of Magazine Street - near so many other great restaurants and shops. Their happy hour is great too - $2.50 classic mojitos - and some of the best I've had. Other great drink specials too. Mimosa specials on Sunday. The flatbreads are also half off during happy hour - they're great too. My favorite flatbreads are: Crab and Crimini, Italiana and Wild Mushroom. Small plates: Crispy Artichoke Hearts (best thing on the menu), Calamari, Stuffed Chicken, Seared Scallops, Grilled Brie - all fabulous. I'm dying to try the Paella, Wild Mushroom Risotto, Fried Gulf Oysters and probably many more. Some of the small plates could be a tab larger in terms of portion size - meaning it's not enough to fill you up alone. But some are sized perfectly for that to be all you get. I've had one really extremely awkward server, but other than that the service has always been great! Love sitting outside.Ugh. This place was recommended to us out of towners for lunch and I'm really sad we listened. We walked in around 2pm and the server was anxious to get us water and menus, which is great. Unfortunately it was all down hill from there. We waited close to 15 minutes for him to come back to get our order. He explained the bottomless mimosa, Bloody Mary, or pimms cup deal which are awesome and the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. We didn't order drinks, however, because we had had too much to drink the night before. Anyways, my mom ordered the crab salad that said it was a house special and $14 and I ordered a fig and prosciutto flatbread for the same price. Sounded so yummy! Tasted like cardboard. The texture of the flatbread was mushy because there was so much fig jam and the goat cheese was thrown on as an after thought. My mom's salad was tiny-I mean think of a side salad at a normal restaurant and cut 2/3 of that out and you have their $14 house special crab salad with so little crab. So basically a $14 pile of lettuce. Anyways, it became pretty evident the food was probably bearable for someone that has had 3-5 mimosas on the bottomless deal. If you just want food, skip this place.There was a time I used to frequent Salu pretty regularly a few years back then it sort of fell off for me and we took a little hiatus. I found myself back in Salu's arms recently and can glad'y say they have won me over yet again. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw quite a lot of new items on the menu. Namely the mussels. They had a variety of choices and one looked more appetizing than the next. We opted for the classic mussels and it was a winner. Bursting with flavor that I excitedly sopped up with my side of fries. I love share plates because you can try a bunch of stuff. The calamari was another highlight for me, which came with a really good dipping sauce. 
Salu is a great place for a group or for a date. The share plates definitely promote a social atmosphere. The service was on point as our server was friendly and recommended some great options for drinks and food.I've been to Salu twice. Once for a NOLA-Eats party (and I was late so didn't eat too much) and again on Saturday night with a party of 6.  Our server on Saturday night was personable but a bit odd.  One of the soups of the day was seafood gumbo, so I asked if it had sausage in it (which I don't eat...and you really don't want to know why).  She acted sort of put upon and said it was seafood gumbo so no.  After I ordered it and then reiterated that I didn't eat sausage, she did come back and say yes it did have sausage.  Anyway:
Pros: Caesar salad, crabmeat cheese flatbread; flank steak was deemed tasty by my companions
Cons: ceviche was inedible; gumbo came without rice (?!); service was odd
Overall: I felt like most of the items were sort of ho-hum.  Fine, but not that great.  I was also disappointed by the lack of non-salad vegetarian options.(In my best Sophia from the Golden Girls Voice)
Picture it... Saturday 2010.... Walking down Magazine Street with a friend.. We see a chalk board sign saying Sangria Pitchers for $10.. We look at each other, then we like, I don't know.. Then the lady writing on the chalk board said you definitely should... We felt the passion in her voice... So we stopped for some Sangria. It's hard for me to turn down Sangria in the first place. We just ate so we just ordered the pitcher. What a yummy delightful Red Wine Sangria. I truly enjoyed it and made me want to do a happy dance. Although I was full I wanted to order every tapa on their menu because everything looked phenomenal!
The waitress was uber sweet. You should definitely check it out, definitely for the Sangrias of course.My all time go to place for happy hour and tapas and oh yes, wine! This is a great place to chill back with wine and have small plates of food. I like to get different things on the menu such as the margherita flatbread which has tomato, garlic, and mozzeral on it. Other flatbreads I also like to get are the carne (meat all over!), duck confit (who doesn't love duck), and B.L.T.
You can never go wrong with calamari, the cochon fries, ceviche, and oh my gosh the pork belly! I basically love the whole menu. It all goes great with any wine or drink of course.Disappointed that the happy hour changed so much. Used to be half off all flatbread now only a select few and pitchers went up $5. And how do you bring me creme brûlée with no spoon.So when i had their bacon wrapped merjool date at the white linen festival, it was one of the best thing i ever tasted. I went back to Salu and ordered an order of it and i got 4 pieces (i think it was 4) for about $10. It wasn't anything special this time. Just blah and for the money, completely worthless. How was it so damn good and inexpensive at the white linen festival??Tapas and wine... does it get any better than this?
That I like Salu shouldn't come as a shock to anyone. They've got lots of what I like-small plates involving mushrooms, and grilled veggies and cheeses (baked brie!), tapanade, plus salads, flatbreads and cheese plates (pick from a short list), a variety of wines by the glass (much more by the bottle), and sidewalk café seating.
Much like a fashionista in a Prada outlet (as if), I glanced at the menu and was overjoyed and didn't even know where to start choosing. Call me a FATshionista? I like food! I like options! I like lots of small plates, but much like my mama warned me all those years ago, my eyes really are bigger than my stomach because I always over order. And tapas in America are not like tapas in Spain. With the higher price tag comes a much bigger portion. So last night, I kept it to just three "small" plates and indulged in: tapanade (at $4 this is on the smaller side, but by no means is it not sharable!), crispy artichoke hearts (giant portion that I managed to eat half of) and patatas bravas that I had the intention of sharing but instead pretty much consumed the entire plate of crispy, spicy, mayo-y goodness. The tapenade is amongst the best I've had, flavorful with the addition of a bit of raw garlic. I much preferred the bread they serve with zata'ar & oil for the tapanade to the crostini that comes with, though.
They were slammed last night and it took eons for our food to come out... or, at least 45 minutes. Our waiter did come by and apologize and kindly gave me a second glass of wine on the house that was much much needed and appreciated.
Salu, I like u.Perfect happy hour!! Drinks, mussels and flatbreads, at a great price. Lemon-caper mussel are amazing. One of our go too spots!!!If you're ever in the area, make sure you visit Salu. The outside seating is pleasant, but the inside is another kind of special. 
The wait staff is amazing hands down. They're very professional. The bartender isn't a sommelier, but he was very knowledgable about the wine selection.  
Great atmosphere to meet friends and coworkers- the DJ was spinning some sick tracks #NoMusic #IdComeAgainOne of my favorite happy hours in all of New Orleans.  I've been there many times with many groups of people, and they consistently deliver.  The employees are always upbeat; if they're busy, service can be slow but nothing extremely outrageous.  I love their flatbreads and mussels (my go-to is the classic white wine, garlic, lemon, and parsley) but I think their environment is why it's my favorite.  It boasts an extremely laidback atmosphere--you can come casual or dressed up and fit right in.  The outdoor seating is perfect for people watching, and it is in walking distance from other great bars on Magazine St.  Once or twice, they've had a really hot performer during happy hour serenading us with acoustic jams!  So fun.  And prices can't be beat.  Definitely swing by for one of their house cocktails if you're in the area!This was our first time at this restaurant and we were pretty impressed with the food when we got it. I had a chicken pineapple sandwich was very good. The flavors were great.  
The problem was how long it took to get our food and that the service was sub-par. 
Overall we were satisfied with the food and would go back, but the service needs to improve.Love this place! Came here for Valentine's Day dinner this year and had a very enjoyable experience. My boyfriend and I split 6 tapas plates and a bottle of wine and left very full and happy. The service was incredibly nice and attentive, the food was amazing (I highly recommend the cheese sticks and duck flautas), and the atmosphere was hip and fun  - perfect for a date or night out on the town with friends. Although I didn't try any of the specialty drinks, there were many listed and all were reasonably priced. I'll definitely be coming back here sometime soon.I love the decor in this place! And I equally love the food. The tapas are awesome, reasonably priced, and the service is right on target. Must have's are the BBQ pulled pork, the duck breast and manchego cheese  flautas (my favorite!), the roasted chicken breast and their chorizo sliders. Now, their menu items do change, but so far the above items have been available the few times I have been there. Now that our weather has cooled off a bit, the outdoor seating at this place is a must.Great brunch, very nice outdoor seating, and good happy hour. Went there for dinner and was not impressed with the food or their prices.I love this place. Small plates are my fave and they do such a good job here. The wine list is also great and to top it all off - the waiters are SUPER knowledgeable about the wine and food, which always makes for a better dining experience.Excellent restaurant! Much better than the old reviews. I think that was due to a change in restaurant managers. Greg the current manager is friendly and devote to customer satisfaction. I am a regular at this spot not only because it is in walking distance from my home but because of the food, staff, and beverages.
Pros
Champagne and wine list
Small plates (great cheese plate!)
Friendly service
Excellent bartenders (especially Jeff)
Cute outdoor sidewalk seating available
Cons
Can get very busy and in turn causes service to be slowSalú has a delicious array of mussels, their drinks are fabulous and their happy hour is generous. I'm talking half off the *entire* bar, mussels and the flat bread! If you're looking to dine al fresco, they have a good number of outside tables. Their oysters were good, too!
Why 3 stars, then? The food is great but the service is "mixed" as Rene D. says it. 
Greg (maybe the owner or GM?) is such a pleasant presence. We'd see him while dining at nearby restaurants during happy hour. He's tirelessly taken 3000 photos of groups of us, always smiling and is great conversation. He's the reason we finally tried Salú. So glad we did.Went here on recommendation of a tour guide and was not disappointed. Terrance was our waiter and was very helpful on what to order. Hit it at happy hour and we had some mussels and flat bread pizza. All was amazing including his special mixture of mojitos.Price...great. Location...excellent. Food...superb. Service...delightful. Rarely do I eat in a restaurant and leave remembering everyone's name. Every dish we had exceeded expectation. I especially enjoyed the bacon wrapped prawns, crab cake with puri puri and the creme brûlée. Kudos to Dwight (our server) and Greg (the GM) for an awesome experience. We'll be back!I've been to Salu' twice and have enjoyed myself both times. Small plates are great because my family can try several different items. My older daughter loves the marinated olives. My younger daughter likes the fresh soups of the day. The first tiem she had vegetable soup and the second time she had corn & crab bisque. She can't wait to try another one. My husband likes the charcuterie and one of the steaks. I really enjoyed the mango chicken salad. We shared the seafood paella the first time and the veggie paella the second time. They were both very good but I'm a seafood fan so I have to say that one was the best. They also have mixed drinks but since we took the kids both times, I haven't tried many of them yet...but I will.This is probably my favorite place to go for a happy hour. The hostess always seems confused and a little rude, but once you get seated you are gold. We usually order the Parmesan mussels and the steak and cheese flatbread since those are the items that are half priced during the happy hour. We also get fries to dip into the sauce from the mussels. Best mussels ever! I also like to get a half off pitcher of coconut lime sangria. Other menu items I have tried include the calamari, pork belly, and empanadas. I love the pork belly! Can't wait to go back!My friend and I heard great things about Salu and wanted to try it out on our trip to NOLA. Both my friend and I have worked as waitresses before and I'd like to think that experience has made me more patient and understanding with the waitstaff that serves me. So, for me to become aggravated enough to come here to complain means, to me, that our service was truly unacceptable. We arrived later in the afternoon and the place was practically empty. Our waitress was perfectly friendly at first. She took our order but didn't write it down. She forgot to put in my appetizer, so I told her no problem, just scratch it. The next 45 minutes, she refilled our drinks maybe once, all the while she is chatting with a coworker at the bar. Then she brings out our entree (we were sharing a flatbread pizza) and it was the wrong pizza. She apologizes and then I tell her that we will just take our dessert. She comes back with the dessert and says that she put in the correct pizza order, but at this point we didn't have time to wait for it to be made. I was clearly frustrated at this point, so I tell her that we don't want it and will be on our way once we finish our dessert. Then she has the nerve to ROLL HER EYES AT ME. Believe me, I understand what it's like to serve someone who is being demanding, but she could have at least waiting until I couldn't see her to be so rude. My friend and I were there for almost 2 hours for a side salad and dessert. I would like to give Salu a second chance, because their food was good and I liked the atmosphere, but if this service is acceptable their, I will not go again.Go for happy hour! 3-7 half price on drinks, mussels, and flat breads! Can't beat $12 mojito pitchers and $3.50 malbecs! You will not be disappointed!Sloooooooow service. Over an hour to get appetizer. Got cerviche and the chips were made with old grease and left a bad aftertaste in your mouth. Flatbread with fig and goat cheese was decent. Burger was alright. Creme brûlée was yummy but again was burnt (the sugar part). Okay place but probably won't come back. Nothing special for me.Just had the most amazing brunch / football watching experience in NOLA.  THANK YOU !!!  Gregory, Crystal, Alyssa,Gavin, and Chris.This review could save your life. I strongly advise you read it before eating at Salu.
I went to Sunday brunch at Salu and ordered the crab cakes benedict. Our 17 month old was with us. Normally we feed her a little of what we eat so she can develop her taste buds and plus she likes to eat our food. I had started feeding her a bit form my plate when a few bites into the crab cakes I bit into something really hard. Thinking maybe it was a piece of crab shell, I was horrified to pull something out that looked like a twisted , industrial strength staple. It was very hard, large, and mangled. How I didn't chip a tooth I'm not sure.
I called the waitress over and told her about it. A clear look of shock quickly took over. I told her to take the plate away, which she did, then the floor manager came over and it all went downhill from there. She walked up clearly on the defensive, telling me it was actually a wire bristle from the brush they use to clean the grill. My response was that they clearly missed a step in cleaning.
Manager: "No you don't understand. That's how we clean the grill"
Me: "No, YOU don't understand. What you need to do after using the brush is wipe down the grill with a cloth and maybe a little oil to make sure you get any bristles left over. I could have swallowed that. Do you know if I had fed that to my daughter we'd be in the emergency room getting her stomach cut open? If that happened I would shut this (expletive) place down"
Note: I said this so quietly not even my own table heard me.
Manager (clearly annoyed) "do you want us to bring you something else?"
Me: "Yes. Something NOT from the grill"
The manager eventually came back with another dish, practically dropping it on the table and walking off without saying a word. Not one word.
Stupendous customer service. Just amazing.
They eventually took my food off the bill (only mine). I still paid for my coffee, drink, my wife's food, etc. 
We have emailed and called to speak with the General Manager and have received no response. I am pained to realize they are not treating this with the seriousness it deserves and have clearly learned nothing from this near miss. 
I fear either myself or someone else at my table will start having severe abdominal pains minute now. If so, we will know the cause.
We're not talking about finding a hair in my food. We're talking about the possibility of emergency stomach surgery. 
And for anyone thinking I'm overreacting:
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/grill-barbecue-metal-brush-dangers/
One of the worst restaurant incidents I've ever experienced. 
Eater beware.I love the happy hour at Salu, M-F from 4-7 pm.  It is a great deal to get 1/2 drinks (incl. pitchers of mojitos) and 1/2 mussels.  I miss that they changed the menu and no longer have the Parmesan pesto mussels, this was my FAVORITE!Salu is located on Magazine street and offers hot and cold Spanish and Mediterranean tapas (although they also had some Indian dishes).  It is a pretty large restaurant offering both indoor and outdoor seating.  The interior dining area is decorated with eclectic art pieces and a hand-painted circular skylight designed by local artist E. Lee Jahncke.  There is also a large colorful bar offering a wide range of wines. 
This place has been around for over a year now; however, I've always passed it by without considering it. What a mistake! Everything from the decor, ambiance, service and food was great. The food....
...Ahhh the food was delicious. Although I wouldn't exactly describe all the dishes as tapas since some came in large portions. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Patatas Bravas, Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Empanadas and Grilled Lamb Lollipops. 
As soon as we ordered we were served with warm white bread and a plate of olive oil and herbs. Each plate came out as prepared. We went on a Thursday which also happened to be Paella night. I'll have to go on a Thursday next time so that I can try their Paella.This place rocks. I try not to give businesses five stars anymore, lest it dilute the power of that fifth star, but based on my experience last night Salu absolutely deserves it. 
First of all, Salu is gorgeous on the inside. I don't recall details, other than the holiday leaves and berries painted on the mirrors along one wall, but it's a really nice ambiance, and would be a great place to take someone on a date who you possibly want to impress. Maybe. Anyway, I happened to be having a bit of a tough time while we were at Salu, and spent a lot of it crying (don't ask), therefore putting our waiter in a very, very awkward position. He was super awesome about it, though, completely professional, and was attentive without being annoying even though if I were him I would've tried to avoid coming to our table. 
The food was awesome. We ordered ceviche, which I thought was a little gross because it had creature in it (scallops, maybe), and prefer ceviche with just fish. But I knew that going in, and ordered it anyway, and the chips that come with it are good. We also ordered empanadas two ways; I liked the mushroom one better, but did eat the one that had meat in it (go me!) and they were both tasty. Asked about dessert, but then had finally stopped crying for long enough to actually look at the menu and discovered the manchego fried cheese sticks - totally awesomeballs, I can't wait to go back and have these again - and patatas americanas, which were good last night and pretty good a few minutes ago when I reheated them. They're slightly slimy the next day, but still tasty. 
Overall, I love Salu and can't wait to go back. In addition to my whole crying really hard for no reason thing, we also showed up pretty late and ended up being there for quite a while. We left I think 20-30 minutes after they close, we were only one of two tables when we got there to begin with, and even though they were cleaning up and we were clearly being assholes for staying so late, at no point was I made to feel like they wanted me to leave. That, again, is probably the result of our waiter's professionalism.
In a nutshell: Yay! Salu! I'm a fan!
P.S. Oh, also, forgot to mention: it was very inexpensive. Our total bill was less than $30, and it seemed like we ordered a lot of food for so little money. Granted, we didn't have drinks other than a sprite, but ceviche, empanadas, fried manchego deliciousness, patatas bravas and a sprite plus the crispy french bread they bring you. Not a bad deal for $30, right?