The three star was mainly for the wait. Sushi, edamame, squid salad, and pork dumplings were all really good and inexpensive. The only downside was we waited at least 40 minutes for our food. There was only one guy making the sushi and we did have a party of 8, but it was Mardi Gras so I figure everywhere would be a little more prepared.
I got the New Orleans and snow crab rolls with miso soup. All fantastic!  Smaller groups looked like they weren't waiting as long. 
I would most definitely recommend this place and would eat here again.We are two families with kids on vacation which makes it difficult for all to agree what and where to eat.  I can say, with a more than satisfied belly, everyone was content!!!  The food was above and beyond!!! Fresh, tasty and delicious!!!!  Wonderful experience in the Big Easy!!No idea why this place doesn't have more reviews!  This is my favorite place to get sushi in New Orleans because the food is good, reasonably priced, it's never super crowded and even though it's in the Quarter the clientèle is almost exclusively local.    
It's a closet-sized little restaurant a couple doors down from the House of Blues, right in the middle of the Vieux Carre.  Inside the decor is minimal but tasteful, the lighting is chic and there's a laid-back ambience about the place.  The wait-staff is friendly and more than willing to explain anything on the menu.  They also have excellent memories; I can only think of one or two times that I've been there where our waiter/waitress has actually written down our order and they've never once gotten it wrong.
The sushi menu has all of the standards and a list of nearly 30 inventive and creative specialty rolls.  Notable favorites are the Mi Mi (shrimp tempura with crab, crunchies and apple, topped with avocado), the Alaskan (smelt roe and king crab with mayo, smoked salmon on top), and the Hurricane (salmon and cream cheese battered in tempura and deep-fried, definitely southern cuisine-influenced!).  I'm also a huge fan of their crunchy rolls, unlike any other sushi place I've been to in the city they pile the crunchy tempura crumbs on top of the sushi roll instead of putting them inside.  There's also plenty of other options on the menu for those who are not sushi-inclined.  The udon bowls are especially choice.  And if you want tempura appetizers you can pick exactly which vegetables you want instead of being just being served a plate of assorted veg.  If you still have room left over for dessert the green tea ice cream is totally worth it.
They also have lunch specials and deliver to the Quarter and the CBD.This joint is run-of-the-mill.  I've had a good meal here or two, but Samurai needs either a chef or a catch (heh) to make itself relevant again.I'm ashamed. I always wrote this place off, because most restaurants in this area (000-200ish block of any street in the quarter) are geared towards tourists. The honey and I decided we wanted veggie sushi and sake one night, and used our handy-dandy yelp app to find this place, and decided to be adventurous and give it a try. 
The building itself is cute, and they use the space well. It's definitely a little cold, but they had heaters blowing around, and it was only chilly when someone opened the door. 
We were impressed with the waitress' knowledge of vegetarianism, and she answered all of our "is there fish?" questions with a smile. We had edamame and fried tofu for appetizers, and started chugging our warm sake to try and warm up. Both were well cooked and I loved the tofu's crispy outer shell, which was bathed in a tentsuyu (which I just discovered may have traces of fish.. I'll have to ask next time) sauce. 
Next up, husband got the tofu entree, I believe it was called the vegetarian delight or something. He liked it. I had some veggie sushi, which I always enjoy. They had a special mushroom sushi roll, that I will definitely order again. Everything came out quickly and was delicious!
NOTE: the miso has fish in it. The waitress was knowledgeable enough to know this, thank goodness.
The place is definitely good for a date night, or just as a quiet place to sit and relax. I will definitely be going back!Was worried walking in because there weren't too many people inside. Little did I know they were slammed with carry-out and delivery orders. Great rolls, decent price. Nice and easyConveniently located in the French Quarter, this cozy sushi place serves fresh food and great service.  I have gone there on a number of occasions during lunch and they are quick and happy to serve you. I am always greeted when I enter and leave.  I often find people inside and lunch hours are not as busy as I would think. They have a great deal of menu items to choose from. I enjoy their lunch chicken and beef teriyaki bowl specials; they are fulfilling and tasty.  Their sushi rolls are fresh and they offer a collection of creative specialty rolls that are always fun to try.  Prices is certainly a value for a place in the quarter.
If you are looking for a healthy alternative, other than deep fried food in the French Quarter, this little Japanese gem will satisfy your needs.I am visiting th Big Easy from Nashville.  I am a big sushi fan and have been to many sushi restaurants and I have to say, after 2 visits here that it is the best sushi I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  The food is top notch and fresh.  They cut their own fish which is a dying art in sushi establishments.  The owner is friendly, knowledgeable and very humble about his little gem.  I highly recommend giving them a try.  I am planning one more trip before I head home!!This is one of our go-to places in New Orleans, especially friendly to those on plant-based diets. On the last visit I had an avocado sushi roll, miso soup, and fried tofu and vegetables. Everything was great. The staff is polite and efficient. It's one of the few quiet places in the French Quarter, which is nice occasionally. You can't go wrong here.Loved this place on a recent trip to NOLA. The Ocean Pyramid gets 31/2 of the 4 stars I gave this place. Ist time for something like that and the taste was quite unique. The fish in the other rolls was quite fresh. Fits right into the French Quarter vibe.It was St. Patrick's day and we were walking around the French Quarter for a good spot to watch the Italian-American St. Joseph's Parade. We found a spot right in front of Samurai Sushi. It also helped that there was a buy 1 sake get 1 free sign right outside the door. The restaurant was not busy at all, maybe 4 other tables. So the hubby got a table close to the door so that he can watch the parade from a distance but also close enough to the door so that I can come and go whenever a float comes by.
We ordered the sake, of course, and for dinner, the hubby ordered a bunch of different rolls and I ordered the beef udon. I didn't eat any of the sushi, but it looked good and he said it was delicious. I enjoyed my beef udon. I was craving noodles and broth, so this hit the spot!
Overall, it was a great location for what we wanted to do- eat and watch the parade. We enjoyed our meal and did not have any issues. The sake special was a great deal and our meal was affordable. If you're in the area and are craving some sushi, udon or even sake, come check this place out!A small hidden gem in the flood of more traditional New Orleans food in the quarter, this sushi place was a welcome change. Interestingly decorated interior, and very prompt service!I'm going to write another review since I love this place so much! My boyfriend and I walk in and right away they recognize us, know our favorite spot to sit and know what we order(creatures of habit). Our waitress is always amazing, my drink is never without a refill and my boyfriend is never without an Asahi. The sushi chef sends us complimentary fried baby octopus every time we eat here, which my boyfriend loves!  I love these people and their sushi! I've never felt more comfortable at a sushi restaurant.Fairly simple place. Between 5-7pm they have an early bird special, so we were able to get good food for fairly cheap,I've  passed by this place many times and totally ignored it. Finally went in a few days ago....I was impressed by their decor....it's nothing spectacular but you can tell that they tried to have a lounge-y feel, even for a cramped place such as this. The waitresses were even dressed in a uniform. Clearly, I had very low expectations going in.
I ordered the Hawaiian sushi roll which was fruity and really good...exactly what I was looking for. My only complaint is that it was topped with soy sauce I think....I'd prefer that to be omitted. Next time, I'll probably ask for it to be on the side or something. 
It did take them a good amount of time to bring out the sushi, which was a bit annoying. Other than that, it was a good experience. If I'm in the quarter and craving sushi, I'd probably eat here.5 rolls
It's been a while since I've been here, but I remember my experience being pleasant.  Coming from the two big metropolitan areas, I was relieved to see the prices decrease for sushi!  The sushi rolls were pretty tasty and even though they weren't made by Japanese people, I'll live and show you that I really am not a sushi snob. :)
This is in a great location and it's definitely a change up from the hearty rich dishes NOLA's got to offer.  Check it out if you're a sushi fanatic like me who has a big stomach and a small wallet!I had salmon roe sushi and Tempura udon. The udon was surprisingly nice (4 stars), but the tempura was weird; 2 shirmp, 2 broccoli, 2 cauliflower. Those vegetable are not acceptable for me (-1). Salmon roe was not very fresh, and they didn't have uni.
Sushi master was Chinese. He has the speed. Service is quite slow.I have only had lunch at Samurai and frankly, I would definitely choose another sushi joint for a more robust sushi outing. 
As far as being an office monkey denizen of the line straddling the CBD and the FQ, my options are limited and while I'd rather have Geisha Sushi, my single mom budget reminds me of my feet firmly planted in the proletariat. Samurai Sushi has an excellent 2 or 3 roll lunch special that comes with miso soup and a small salad with a tangy ginger dressing. The roll choices include the standard spicy tuna, salmon and avocado, crunch crawfish and the California Roll. The fish freshness can be hit or miss, but I've never gotten sick, so yay!
The gyoza is fine, the edamame is fine, the wasabi shumai is....well, fine. It's just an average experience. Decent for a quick lunch, but not a place I'd ever venture to outside of work hours.After my fiancee and I went to the aquarium, we decided to get some fish for lunch. We both got the 3 roll lunch special which is a great deal. The sushi though is a bit below par, the rice was way too cold (like last nights) and the flavoring is eh. Overall ok, nothing special, won't be coming back.Sekisui Samurai is the only sushi place I tried in New Orleans, so I've got no local points of comparison. Still, I agree with a lot of other reviews on here, for what that's worth.
I really liked the wasabi shumai, dragon roll and warm sake. My friend eats here often, but he always gets the gyoza, and apparently he wolfs them down fast, because when I looked up from my shumai to ask about trying one, they were already gone. I suppose that's a vote for the gyoza. Prices were a good value.
The servers couldn't have been more attentive. I don't think our water glasses ever made it to half-full, or half-empty, and everything came out and was cleared promptly. If I was comparing Samurai to my favorite sushi in other cities, I'd lean more toward 3.5 stars, but the bottom line is, I'd go back when in the area.Fresh, innovative, great service, great food.  This place has the best of the best as far as sushi goes.  I haven't had anything else.  Get the Tuna Wrap, no rice on it which is good, and the Decatur Roll, which is truly wonderful.  There's seared garlic on the top of the rice and crawfish.  It's really delicious.  I get these two things and a duplicate order to go.  It's even better in an hour or two.  And the service is terrific.  Cindy becomes your friend and they don't write the orders down and they never get it wrong.  It's my favorite sushi place in New Orleans and my favorite people.  It's worth a visit even with the parking difficulties.The miso soup was good, the ceviche salad was mediocre the greens looked like they were from last week, wasabi shumai tasted off but my bf liked it so maybe it was just me, the seafood udon mostly had chicken in it, one mussel and hardly any other seafood in it for $17, the conch was not freshUUUUH! Sooo good. I get the house cucumber and the mui mui. Nothing I wouldn't do to eat that right about now. I keep trying to find comparable sushi places, but to no avail. Plus the service is fast and friendly, and they deliver. Love it.The one food I enjoy, but never seem to eat is sushi.  Sushi is a great food, but I always fear that I will leave hungry.  Furthermore, living in the desert makes me fearful of eating uncooked fish on a 100 plus summer day (for obvious reasons).  Not here.  We ordered some surf clam, BBQ eel, smoked salmon and gyoza.  I must say that the food was not only plentiful, but fresh.  It is prepared in a traditional Japanese style with some new twists including a dynamite roll which I enjoyed.  The tempura is lightly battered and delicious.  
The service can be better.  The atmosphere was tame compared with most of the French Quarter.  However, if you are not in the food for the traditional heavy and rich cuisine of New Orleans, this may be your place.this is definitely the best sushi place in the French quarter, I recommend the Pikachu roll... I also like how they cut the rolls in eight pieces. The guy who delivers this really cool too. One time he stopped a would-be robber dead in this tracks because his face tattoos scared him. very good nice people who own thisThis PLACE IS AWESOME! Staff extremely friendly & helpful. The cherry on top is its prices! Why it gains 5 stars is because my husband is VERY adventures and he's floored by the fresh great taste of sashimi and other special rolls. My adventure level with sushi  is low but I order more than a the crunchy, California classics. 
Great prices. Great sushi. Something for all. 
Next to house of blues so do dinner then show. It's what dreams are made ofOne of the more enjoyable meals during our visit to New Orleans.  The service was fantastic, friendly and efficient.  We had a coupon that required us to spend $50, and that bought us two appetizers, four kinds of tempura, three fishy rolls and four vegetarian rolls... lunch the next day!  This was also one of the few places we left not feeling ripped off as the sushi prices were the same as we pay at home (it gets exhausting paying $12-15 for a mediocre fried sandwich). 
I'd recommend definitely if you're in New Orleans for a few days and want a break from the fried  food or are ready for something a little out of character for the French Quarter.Sushi place which is open till midnight. Whaaat? 
This place is Amazing! Must try places in NO if you are a sushi lover like me. Their hand rolls are amazing. Salmon Avocado for $5 is so satisfying. Their sushi chefs are so friendly and the service is also amazing.Still the bomb dot com. The house salad dress is seriously SO amazing. I got the asparagus wrapped teriyaki beef. Prettyyyyy good.For someone out of town, this place was in walking distance from the Sheraton. I went wondering the streets craving Sushi and found this place which was excellent. Quiet and tasty, I enjoyed a few rolls and an Asahi and service was quick and friendly. My experience was enjoyable and I would definately come back, its the closest place, thats cheap enough to walk to.Sushi was good and the host/sushi chef were very nice. Prices were great and it was in a very easy location. but, if you're like myself and from California and use to huge rolls...these are very tiny in comparison!Walked in here and order a mai tai.
"We dont have mai tai" is the response.
To be honest i was worried at this point lol.  Never heard of a japanese restaraunt that didnt serve mai tais or fogcutters etc....
We came here to try a roll of sushi as we saw that the signature rolls were about half the price than from mass.  
We got the spicy blue roll and the new orleans roll.
Loved em both, great flavor.  Well made, tight rolls, texture, everything i enjoy about sushi.  And for 7-8 dollars per roll? You cant beat that.
Definitely recommend coming here if you like sushi.You have a workflow here that is easy to master:
Baked green mussels  ›  joy roll ›  tuna box.
The joy roll in particular is fantastic - a rice paper roll in a nice slightly spicy sauce.  Baked green mussels are standard, and to be honest the tuna box is often too ricey.  It could use a little more finesse.  But what do I know.
Really you come here because it is right in the French Quarter, and the interior does a well enough job of Japanese minimalism with a requisite stainless steel fountain percolating under blue neon lights - like a quiet nightclub that forgot to hand out the flyers.This was a great place for sushi!  We walked by it the first night, the windows weren't clean and it was not inviting, don't keep walking.   The food was excellent and the service was by far the best we have had anywhere in New Orleans!This place is right around the corner from my job so I'll often order to-go when I'm in the mood for sushi or miso soup. It isn't the best sushi I've had, but it's perfectly ok. If I had the option to drive to other places around town, I'd probably pick them over Samurai, but this place is perfect for picking up a quick lunch while you're downtown. The staff is friendly enough and the decor is cool in kind of a weird, dated 80s way.I was here a few years ago.  I was in town with my now roommate and was visiting friends.  On a whim after meeting at Pravda we decided to get dinner.  Somehow i found this place and it was open on a Sunday.  The four of us got a HUGE spread of sushi and rolls and quickly devoured everything.  I honestly only remember the godzilla and the mi mi rolls.  The mi mi roll was amazing.  The amount of food, the quality of food and the price, $100 for four people!  I can't wait to go back when i'm in the city.We eat a lot of sushi, in all different parts of the country, and if you're just here to visit for a few days, skip this spot. It's on the lower end of the sushi scale. But not the worst we've had.
I ordered Louisiana and red dragon roll. Which were both good, and the fried spring rolls were so so.
Do not bother with the ocean pyramid. I had to try it because it's super cute in all the yelp photos, but they soak it in a very vinegary sauce and it ruins the whole dish, my husband loves vinegar and he agreed. Beef udon was really good, broth was great. 
The service was a little lacking. We showed up at 3:00 on a weekday and no one was there, and the two girls waiting tables were chatting loudly and just hanging out, and my husband had to go get the check, and wave them down to place our order. I don't recommend.Arrived at nearby hotel late, after long road trip and ordered delivery 20 min before closing. Soup - meh. Salad dressing - not my favorite. Sashimi & sushi - so fresh and delicious! Seared tuna salad spicy, but great! Green tea ice cream - good flavor but a bit freezer burn. The sushi and sashimi were really tasty. I'm glad we got to try this our first night in town!I'm in love with the food and the prices. We walked by this place as it was starting to rain and decided to pop in and take our time to avoid the bad weather. 
We ordered two appetizers, the fried soft shell crab and the salmon martini. Soft shell crab was nice and crisp, and the salmon martini was very unique. It is a mixture of salmon, mango, avocado, onions, in a vinegary sauce, with crunchy tempura on the bottom.
After that we shared a salmon avocado roll (so creamy and fresh tasting) and the Samurai dinner which was a large sampler plate. The Samurai includes a California roll, shrimp and vegetable tempura(yum! so crisp), beef teriyaki(very tender), and grilled lobster tail with mushrooms, miso soup, and a salad (I love the salad dressing).
Everything was interesting and very fresh tasting. Also, the prices were quite reasonable. The atmosphere was just what we were interested in at the time. It's pretty dark and quiet, which was nice because we ducked in during an afternoon rain. Next time I come to New Orleans, I will definitely visit this place again.The best was the small soft shell craft sushi.....other than that, cant say anything nice about this place. 
The worst was that, we only have four people for dinner but they charge us 18% service fee.I love this place!  Best place to get sushi.  No other place compares. Very friendly wait staff.  I love the Hornet Roll and the House Cucumber.  It's a great place to get your sushi fill.  It's perfect place to get a bite to eat before a show at the House of Blues (if you want Japanese).Nice place for an inexpensive lunch. Around $12 for 3 rolls, miso and salad. Fish was very fresh and tasty.For New Orleans, where you are probably expecting to pay at least 15 dollars for a good lunch, this place is surprisingly cheap. 3 rolls, soup and salad for about 10 dollars and moderately priced apps. Highly recommended and the taste is pretty good!This place is so good to die for.  I absolutely loved it.  I had Shrimp Tempura and Sushi deluxe and it was so good.Best sushi around! Hands down. Great quality food along with amazing chefs and waitresses! Will come back time and time again. You cannot miss this place if you feel like Sushi!We love eating here or having our food delivered. The staff is always kind and the sushi is always great! Compared to other sushi places that are more expensive, we love to come here because everything is  affordable. Another great thing about their delivery is that the women taking our order on the phone is so sweet!! and not rude and in a hurry like the wasabi lady -_-Three of us wanted something different in NOLA. We ordered Canal roll ($8.00), Saints roll ($8.00), Mardi Gras roll ($8.00), Oyster roll ($7.50), Gyoza ($5.50), and a Chicken Teriyaki dinner ($14.95). The rolls were super delicious and unique creations!! The chicken teriyaki dinner was yummy too! We left full and really happy that we got to try something other than deep fried or buttered up food in New Orleans.I feel like an absolute fool for having sushi in New Orleans. I don't understand all the 4 and 5 star reviews. The sushi & sashimi plate was barely edible. I forced myself to eat a quarter of the plate hoping I would not get sick. I took a bite of the white tuna and immediately wanted to spit it out. I don't know how this compares to other sushi places in New Orleans but after this experience I'm definitely scared to find out.I first came here a couple of years ago and it was decent.  But it seems like it's gone downhill, they had a total of three people to seat, serve, and prepare.  As you can guess, the wait at the table took forever and the sushi/desserts were sloppily made.Great and reasonably prices. Definitely a good idea when you need a break from the land of fried everything.Awful taste. Soy sauce was extremely salty. Very displeased with the color and flavor of the fish.This place is very dirty. Last time I went eat there .i saw 2 rats sneaking around under tables . Then I stop eating my food . Walked Away.The sushi rice was... bleh. "Doing it wrong" is a good summation of it. 
Didn't particularly love any of the house rolls I tried. 
The tempura was good though...Some really great sushi. The 2 chefs and the staff are really funny and cool. If you blink you might miss it because it's a bit hidden. My favorite the crawfish roll was so good and seasoned perfectly. Can't wait to go back soon!Real good sushi. My go to spot when I'm working in the area.  What's the best thing they do?  Soy sauce in an actual sauce cup!  Unfortunately their udon is just okay, and they don't have soba.  Come here for sushi, but go elsewhere for noodle soup.We stopped here on our way out of New Orleans. Inexpensive. The salmon teriyaki was cooked to perfection and had good flavors.We had Nabeyaki Udon & Beef Udon.
The broth soup is authentic Japanese taste(zucchini and onion are not authentic ingredient though). I appreciated Japanese taste.
Gyoza is from frozen pack(guess Japanese company) but it's good taste.
Salads dressing is homemade.Great and fresh sushi. Although not Japanese, the sushi chef's style is reminiscent of Tokyo. I will return. Good family run business.Holed up at the Windsor Court in New Orleans with rehearsals and a ton of emails and I decide to actually leave the hotel for a meal. I find this sushi restaurant which has a 3.5 star average on Yelp and... BOO! I ordered the 3-roll lunch special and, the sushi rice was plain (like chinese take-out) and overcooked, the most un-sushi like rice I've ever experienced. Even grocery-store sushi has better rice! The (ginger?) salad dressing was really bland and alien-like with it's granular consistency. The crunchy shrimp roll was a terrible trick - small shrimps with a load of crunch flakes and too much cucumber. The spicy crawfish roll looked good but tasted really bland. The eel roll, well, let's just say I have never left a piece of eel behind in the history of my sushi plate. But I did here.
One of the worst sushi experiences of my life! (I've sushi'd well over 500 times) Foolish me for not just going to Mother's and ordering up some big easy soul food. 
Interesting: all 5 staff members, including the sushi chefs, were chatting it up in Mandarin Chinese, so my guess is Sekisui Samurai is Chinese-owned? Not coming back! Tsai-Chien, sushi-poseurs! I hate wasted meals!Decided to try this place out - and, wasn't bad at all. Nothing I would rave about or make a point of returning to, but it was decent. If I was close and wanted sushi, I would come back.My friends and I decided to hit up this place after wanting to do something light and not cajun/creole. We each got a few items. I was pretty happy with what I got. The rolls were tasty and the service was prompt and friendly. I'd definitely hit it up again next time I'm in NOLA.Hands down my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans. 
This is a no frills, delicious fresh food and great service kind of place - which is why they get my business three to four times a month! 
Highly suggest: Fried soft shell crab app, Cucumber app, Mimi roll, and Hornet roll...Me and my wife were staying in the French quarters for a few days so we decided to give this place a try since we are vegan and usually Asian spots are a good bet when there's nothing else available, not so much here. They had 4 vegetarian sushi rolls so we figured why not try all of them ( mushroom, avocado, cucumber, and one more I forgot) they all were nothing special at all the mushroom roll was extremely flavorless it was just raw mushrooms diced up and rolled in rice, it tasted like they wrapped foam around a sponge, I've eaten sandals that taste better then that and I am a mushroom fanatic! The avocado roll was the same, the avocado in the roll was so yellow it looked like a squash or sweet potato we were confused at to what it was for the first few bites, but worse then that it tasted like paper dipped in water again.  The cucumber roll was pretty much what you'd expect very bland and the last roll I forgot what it was , was halfway decent. Nothing here worth revisiting or recommending if your vegan or vegetarian but  can't speak for the rest of the menuWalked in by myself,sat at a table under the stairs in the corner,put my order in..it was a Saturday night so yeah the place gets busy.3 other tables walked in behind me and got their food before me..the 2 guys behind the counter were giving me nasty looks as if I rained on their parade,finally after 45 minutes got my sushi I mean I ordered only 2 things..completely mediocre, it tasted bad and was made very small and completely fell apart...skip this craphole and go somewhere else, wasted my time and money here thanks samurai sushi for a lovely dinner..NOT!!!Reasonable prices with most specialty rolls under $10. Good miso soup and especially enjoyed the Super roll with ss crab, shrimp, crawfish & avocado. Also liked the New Orleans roll with ss crab and crawfish with some spice. Fresher than inland sushi joints, but have had better elsewhere. Nice casual atmosphere and good service.The food presentation was good. I expected a more friendlier vibe from the hostess. She did redeem herself when she bided us farewell.Yum yum yum! I ordered the 2 roll combo. California and crunchy shrimp roll. It came with soup and salad. Didn't really care for the soup, but I loved the salad dressing. Thought about drinking the rest. 
Service was fast! My server was a sweetheart and the guy making the sushi was very nice. 
Did I mention my bill was only $10.90? ( I drink water)
What a steal!!! Definitely coming back while I'm on NOLA.I have to admit I'm a sushi addict so I can't stand mediocre sushi, no matter the price. I make an almost yearly pilgrimage to Japan just to eat sushi. 
When i go to a sushi restaurant and I realize it's not run by Japanese folks, I get Leary.  There are some good sushi places not run by Japanese, but more often than not, I leave disappointed.   I find they dot have the same attention to detail about the sushi. 
 Right away the atmosphere coming in was awkward since I arrived for an early dinner. The wait staff looked surprised when I walked in and kinda gave me a deer in headlights look. I thought I walked in while they were closed, but then I saw the other customers. 
I wanted to sit at the sushi bar, but half it was closed off with the waitress using it like a water cooler just chatting away. 
The place was steaming hot also. 
The miso soup was horrible. The miso itself tasted ok, but the sea weed was still semi dehydrated. Almost like they threw in dried seawood 10 seconds before serving me the soup. Completely unacceptable for such an easy dish to make. 
The sushi was ok. Not bad, but definitely not memorable.  Any place that has a million rolls and not much nigiri means usually means their fish isn't the freshest. Rolls are an easy way to cover up the fish, unlike nigiri which you can't cover up the lack of quality and freshness. 
The rice could have used a little more vinegar. Kinda bland. 
The maguro was stringy. You have to eat it while since you couldn't bite it in half. 
The scallop didn't taste the freshest. Had a slight fishy flavor which is never good.  Raw shellfish is really critical that it's fresh. 
The rolls were alright. But you couldn't really taste the fish with all the sauce or Panko crumbs they throw in there. 
In all fairness, what should I have expected eating sushi in the French quarter.   Would I eat here again?  Maybe. Only since there is no other sushi restaurant in the area.I love this place. I can always count on it when I'm downtown and I need some sushi. Avocado rolls are $4, miso soup is $1.95, both are delicious and not too big. I like taking 2 bites out of my rolls but here I almost have to settle for one. Definitely my go-to place!The wonderfulness of the house cucumber roll is seared into my memory.  Every rool we roders was fresh and light.  Plus pleasant and airy decor.
Just what the doctor ordered for two tourist who were getting tired of cajun and creole cooking in New Orleans.Good spicy crawfish roll and spicy octopus roll. Small portions of fish in the sashimi plate and it didn't seem that fresh. Asparagus wrapped with beef was delicious! Being from California I'm used to amazing sushi, however it was nice to have a meal that wasn't deep-fried!Excellent sushi place.  Not too busy so 8 of us got seated quickly on a saturday night.  We ordered a variety of rolls and a combo platter.  All was fresh and excellent.Grabbed some delivery from them for a Saturday night snack at our hotel.
Squid teriyaki, salad, miso soup, two rolls and squid nigiri.
Only thing of a dubious nature was the ginger salad dressing, which was in orange clumps.
Everything else was good for being delivered and they had it to us in 45 minutes and were on time.
Have eaten inside numerous times over the years and enjoyed.Good was amazing. Had the crawfish roll and the pyramid. It was delivered to my hotel on camp street. The pyramid was delicious with big meaty chunks of salmon and tuna with roe. The crawfish roll was flavored well and I really enjoyed it. The price was just right.Rescued from draft limbo, I have some thoughts about Samurai. We landed here because we had a Restaurant.com certificate, which is a mild scam unrelated to Samurai. 
My dining darlings and I were impressed by some of the rolls and disappointed by others. About half of what we ordered was nothing special, but the other half was really great. So yes, three stars is just right for this place. The stand-out roll was the mushroom maki, which is unusual on sushi menus. I loved it. (We ordered this based on another Yelper's recommendation, and we were not disappointed. Nibble nibble.) The rice on our maki rolls was also A+ good stuff, highly recommended. 
The dining room is creepy in that "Asian from the 80s" sort of way with a fountain, lots of faux neon, and calendars from a few years ago. It was also deserted when we arrived for dinner at 7p on a Thursday. Interesting. 
I'm not sure I'd cross Canal just for a few rolls here, but I would eat at Samurai were I over thataway already. 
Accessibility notes: Door opens in. Ambient noise. Can be loud at peak hours. Dim. Ramp up into the restaurant.our favorite nola sushi place. ADDICTED to the house cucumber roll. all fresh, friendly and small. an oasis surrounded by tourist traps...Nice little sushi bar, really good fish!
Also great prices for a place in the quarter.
Had the hamachi Kama and conch, excellent fresh and delicious will definitely go back whenever I'm stuck going to nawlins!Sushi is one of my favorite foods, and I think I'm hard to impress - this was some of the best I've had. Fresh and flavorful. Well priced. Our waitress was very sweet, and perfectly attentive (but not annoying). Bathroom was even nice and clean.Well I liked it, a lot. Unique flavors, good environment. I wish they had hammocks so i could take a nap after dinner.Somebody wrote this was the best meal they had in New Orleans. Man, do I feel sorry for them.
Absolutely horrible. Spicy tuna roll was so fishy I spit out my piece and threw the rest away. Couple of other tolerable rolls, but didn't enjoy it at all. And way too much sauce on everything! The fish should speak for itself.
I didn't even dare touch the nigiri I ordered after the spicy tuna incident but it didn't look good. Discolored and smelled. 
Don't waste your money here.