Had a business lunch with friends. Service was efficient and friendly. I ordered the pulled pork tamale and it was very good. Everything ordered at the table looked good as well. Good margaritas.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! The margaritas are consistently delicious and refreshing. The host, Eric, is amazing, friendly, and makes the trip worth it. The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  3 can share the nachos, which are delicious. The quesadillas are to-die-for. The brunch is delicious. The Sangria is awesome...can you tell I LOVE THIS PLACE!I'm not going to be returning to Santa Fe for a while. I just didn't like it, flat out. I've been before for chips and salsa and margaritas, and that was just ok, but I went recently for a full meal and I just cannot get past the fact that the tuna on my yellowtail tostada was cooked hopefully that morning or maybe even the day before, but it was not fresh. It had a congealed coat on the outside of it and it was cold, so I know it came from the fridge. The salad it sat on, iceberg, was so ordinary, it completely downgraded the dish. Haven't they discovered the beauty of baby mixed greens, they are pretty and make every salad seem a lot classier. The best part of the meal were the chips and salsa. Kind of sad really. In my opinion, fresh is always better and when it comes to fish, fresh should be the only option!!!My favorite hang out for food and ambiance, speak some French, outdoors. It does not get better than that!On a beautiful day it's nice to sit outside. The service was good. But the food is average and a bit over priced. Can't say I would recommend it, definitely wouldn't go out of my way for it, but it's good if you're close byThis was my first visit and I had dinner with A girlfriend. The food was SO good, amazing really! I would definitely return to explore the menu further.
BUT, the service was not so good. The server wouldn't write down our order (maybe they are required to memorize orders) and kept coming back to confirm/repeat the order. Obviously, not required to memorize orders unless Thursday was her last night of employment, but I doubt it.
If she checked on us, she failed to make it apparent. The bartender was worse. The top shelf margarita was so tart it was unbearable to drink. Making matters worse, he screwed up my vodka tonic. Two ingredients, people...I don't know how this was possible. We didn't receive any water and our server seemed to have more tables outside as she was never in sight. That's the only reason we drank as much as we did of those poorly made $10 drinks. Less than half was consumed and she never noticed.
Based on my visit, I recommend the nachos, roasted pork quesadilla and the crab cakes - which are humongous! Only order drinks from a bottle.My family and I eat here often and I have never been disappointed. The Salsa is so fresh and amazing. The Brunch is delicious and the Mimosas are only $1.  The last time I ate here I had the crab cake with creole tomato and crawfish sauce with an egg on top (don't recall the name of the item) it was SO AMAZING! My husband had the seared tuna fish salad and he said it was fresh and really tasty. Our son and nephew both had Quesadillas. My nephew told me they were the best he ever had, even better than Taco Bell (Hey he's 5). Great place for families and pets.Somewhat of a hidden jewel of a place that people like to keep to themselves, because it's definitely one of mine.
I had the Chicken Quesadilla & Sangria and both were great on all levels. The flavors, smell, presentation, and the polite service would definitely get me back here in a heartbeat. 
You might want to find some time in search of parking though.4 meals, 3 gluten free, could not have been better! $1 mimosas!!  Glad this jewel is my special brunch place with no line but boy are you missing out!  I had the tostada with seared tuna and it was incredible!  We each had a different dish and every one was fantastically executed with really fresh ingredients.  Kudos, Santa Fe!Frozen margarita was powerful, enchiladas were very flavorful and filling. Salsa was a bit strange (sweet, maybe?) - but I'm used to Atlanta salsa, whatever that is. Server was extremely friendly and helpful (recommended other restaurants in the area, since we're visiting).I have the first boy from China to be adopted in the state of Louisiana . After finishing our "over priced meal ( $58. I had salad w/ goat cheese. $11.; gazpacho ,$7,&$7 margarita. With husband's entree, $58.   Obviously, designed to be a casual outside dining spot. Inside, a bit " over done", using faux antique mirrors, combined with 21 year olds  blasting profanity. Obviously, acceptable, as no one attempted to subdue their foul mouths. So do not let decor fool you. "Elegant", they are not. One of my two best friends, growing up in Mobile, AL., birthday is today. I detest selfies of myself, as the Alabama sun has left a permanent impression on my smiling face. Asked bartender. So " bored", pic caught him staring towards our beloved Esplanade Ave. The manager humiliated in a way I'd never had done to me before. I'm not 21. Taught school 30.yrs. Only child about to leave for LSU. Husband is quiet. Still have that part of ALA that likes to chat with strangers. Remember young wife's aunt adopted in Russia. Young husband mentioned he knew some who adopted from Ghanghou. I said..( TOPS issues),& he said,"I've heard." I was voted "Most Gullible", Who's Who." MANAGER was STANDING behind me, making faces.!!!!!!!!!! This has never(!!!), happened to me in my life!!!! Do NOT dine if over 35, or accompanied by individuals 35 & under. Cannot believe humans behave in this manner. Such as that off a ten year old.Went here for a late dinner after a full day at Jazzfest. There was a wait time but luckily a live jazz band was playing outside the patio to keep us entertained as we waited in the grass on the the sidewalk. Cool.
We finally got a table outside in the patio. Our group of 7 shared chips and guac, quesadillas and fajitas to share. Food was good and satisfying. Also, got a couple liters margarita with ice (not blended). Recommended by some friends it was very refreshing and a little strong. Overall, a satisfying meal.
Service was friendly and attentive. I would go to this place again, if ever I'm in the area. 3.5 starsI have to say that I live in this neighborhood and I love that I can walk to the Santa Fe.  In fact, I walk by here often, so the sight of the place is just so familiar it has a very homey feeling to me.  The owners are a cute little couple that can often be seen sitting outside on off hours with their little dog.  They are friendly to all that pass.  If you like to take your dog to your meals with you, this would be a good spot.  
My favorite meal by far has been the brunch.  I absolutely love having the Sunday brunch here.  At this point I always order the huevos rancheros, yes it is expensive (over $10), but the platter is huge.  With two perfectly cooked eggs, plenty of black beans layered on a tostada it is beyond filling.  It also comes with a hearty portion of potatoes and peppers.  If you like to drink they have also been offering $1 mimosas.  
The lunch/dinner food has been satisfactory.  As a vegetarian option the grilled vegetable quesadilla is both flavorful and filling.   
This is a great place in the Bayou St John neighborhood to sit outside, have a nice meal and people watch.If you're a margarita drinker like me, then this is the spot for you! A little pricey, but totally worth it. I highly suggest brunch. Great seating, amazing menu, and a little live music outside to spice things up.This is just a place to drink as the food is completely overpriced for the boring and typical Tex-Mex crap wrapped in a tortilla of some type.  Tex-Mex isn't complicated and nothing in it is very expensive so there is no way the outrageous prices this place charges for their food can ever be justified other than  they must get a lot of tourists and locals who don't know better so they just rip those clueless folks off.  Why even bother with the overpriced mediocre food here anyway when you can just go eat awesome food right across the street at Lola's!  The owners are nice people but what they charge for a freaking taco is insulting.  Do yourself and your wallet a favor and just booze it up here but never eat.Nice, quaint ambiance. I think I'm pretty critical when it comes to my Mexican restaurant reviews.  
The food is just ok. I'm not usually a fan when the spot doesn't offer carne asada in place of ground beef. It's also a bit overpriced. I've had much better. 
They do however make up for stellar food with the laid back vibe of cuban infused jazz playing in the back ground, along with some hospitable waitresses/waiters...fits my personality perfectly.
Oh yeah, big kudos to the extra strong mango margarita here. That along with the lentil soup w/prime rib was much better than the beef nachos alone.
Ya know, I will probably come here again...for lentil soup and a margarita.Bennie (I think her name is Sarah) waited on us. WHAT A BALLER! she was so enthusiastic, she was attentive to every need we had and did so with a smile! Will definitely be back because of her! Five stars!Fun atmosphere, and food.  Sat outside on the patio, live jazz and margaritas.  Mixed menu with Latin flavor.  Had a really great steak, pulled pork tamale, fresh guacamole and chips...large portions.  Would definitely return!Went last night. Service was terrible. Our waiter was such a nice guy too. Idk what was going on but took forever to get drinks literally they even brought chips n salsa with no drinks not even water. Then we finally ordered entrees after waiter was MIA for awhile and the food took about an hour not kidding. Then they gave my brother in laws dinner to another patron bec of some reason idk what they said, so by the time he got his food we were almost finished. 
Food was just okay not worth the amount of money we spent for six people to dine there! Very disappointed .... been years since we went and won't be back for awhile.  I'm sorry to write this review but they need to step up their game if they read their reviews. Too many places in Nola to eat and enjoy meals for same price.Delicious and gourmet.  Seafood soup delicious yet too salty.  Fried green tomatoes with shrimp wonderful.  Dining outside a treat.  Friendly service.We've decided to end our long term relationship with Santa Fe. We use to love it when it was on Frenchmen St before the storm. When the current owners opened on Esplanade we were thrilled. While the margarita recipe is consistent, the food has never measured up to the original owners. In the last year, we resorted to ordering the brisket tacos because we felt there wasn't much that could be messed up with a taco. Well we were wrong. On our recent visit, there was so much grease in our plates, we were barely able to eat 1/3rd of our meal. The oil in the plate, smelled like cooking oil that had been added to the meat to moisten it.Still searching for good food from south of the border. This was not it. I don't know what was wrong with our waitress but she was out of it on the day we visited. She took forever to come to our table after we'd been seated, took forever to bring our drinks, to bring our chips and salsa, to bring our food, etc.
She rarely checked on us to see if we needed refills or more chips. We ordered queso and she brought it....but with no chips. 10-15 minutes later she brought the chips but by then our food had already arrived.
The food was mediocre. It sucks because I really liked the look of the place...maybe I'll give it another try because this was my first visit, but it was not a good experience.This is a very nice Latin American cafe. We were greeted immediately when we walked in and given our selection of sitting inside or out. We elected to sit outside for a more romantic and  quieter experience. Nice light jazz music playing in the background under twirling ceiling fans and surrounded by plants. Some of the chairs were upholstered upright chairs and very comfy. Little sparrows flitting around (obviously they know about the free chips and salsa) and a great place to people watch. Our server was punctual, pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. He had the bartender make me a virgin lime margarita which was really good. My hubby selected the craft beer at only $5. We told our server in advance that we had a movie to catch in an hour and he was very accommodating without making us feel rushed. We both had the fajitas, gypsy (chicken and beef) and seafood. Large portion of very tender meat saute in peppers and onions, nice toppings on the side, and super fresh tortillas for wrapping. We didn't have time for appetizers or dessert but plan to go back.Santa Fe on Frenchmen has moved to Esplanade Ave. The cocktails were lovely as was the outdoor seating.  We only had appetizers but both were well plated an delicious.  
Plus we were serenaded my fellow diners who were inspired by the 80s soundtrack playing on the sound system.  I think they may have had one too many of the margaritas.My boyfriend and I have been going here for years! It is my favorite restaurant for a lunch date, best sangria I have ever had as well as a phenomenal food. My favorite memory is of sitting  outside when a rainstorm came out of nowhere and the waitstaff was so sweet relocating us but enjoying the fun with us as well. Don't miss this place :)Food was good and margaritas are strong and well mixed. Been here several times with friends and have tried different plates from their mussels, ceviche, seafood pasta to grilled salmon and all were good and the servers were friendly. They have a patio which is perfect for al fresco dining but the only thing is that they're overpriced. Pasta dish that's over 20 dollars?  I mean it ain't a Brennan restaurant and I've had better Mexican food elsewhere like in Metairie area that's more authentic and not too fancy snanzy expensive like Santa Fe. My friends like it tho because it's fancy and charming but I ain't paying almost 20 bucks for tacos. No ma'am!!!Santa Fe was a great Mexican place in NOLA. The fajitas were flavorful and the serving was a perfect size. My boyfriend had the Santa Fe burger which he loved and even wanted to go back to get again during our stay. Margaritas and Sangria are strong and flavorful. Definitely check this out if you're in mid city.The last time I went to Santa Fe, it was located in the Marigny and I woke up the next morning with a tattoo on my rear... that was about 6 years ago! 
First, I love the new location. Easy to get to and plenty of off street parking. The building is a bit larger than I remember from when it was Gabrielle. 
Chips - freshly cooked. 
Salsa - tasty. 
Appetizer - ceviche. Best I've had in New Orleans. Fresh, fresh, fresh. 
Entree - Ruedas de huevos. Very good. 
My husband and I split the above. It was plenty. We each had a margarita (gold) and a beer. 
The bill was right at $50 sans tip. 
Good people watching. Indoor and outdoor seating.Ok so I've been here twice and had mixed experiences. The first time was a good experience. I was on the first date with my current girlfriend we both had a great time and the food was pretty good it was not very busy that night.
My second experience was not so good. We were sat at a table kinda stuck away in the corner and after sitting for about 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming to check on us or take our drink order we decided to leave. 
I will go back but need to make sure to go on a less busy night so I can actual get some service.Please tell your patrons the details of your happy hour. "Margaritas are half off" is different than "Only House Margaritas are half off." 
Salsa was edible, not great, service was fine so it kills me to have to tip so $hittily, but you should explain your damn happy hour.  
Tab was twice what we were expecting and no effort to make it right means that you are getting two stars.My partner and I had one of our first dates at the original Santa Fe in the Marigny, so it has long held a special place in our hearts. We love sitting outside on the patio. However, after a series of lackluster visits, I think we're done here. Too many other good options in town. Tonight, our glasses ran and stayed dry, and I actually had to leave my table and head for the kitchen to try to find basic condiments for my now-cold dinner (even after asking a server). And the place wasn't that busy--the inside was almost deserted. I hated to cap off what otherwise was a really great day in New Orleans with this disappointing experience. It won't happen again.I really loved my house salad with chicken and the tastes that I had of my wife's fish. She on the other hand did not like her food, said it was bland. The place serves up Santa Fe style food in New Orleans, which is pretty cool. They often have a small jazz band playing something mellow. I think the manager or owner is French since she spoke to us with a French accent. When you absolutely don't feel like cooking, and want a place in the neighborhood, Santa Fe might hit the spot, if you don't mind dropping $50 for an average dinner and a nice place to sit outside. I guess it is a good place to get Margaritas, enjoy the music and enjoy your company and the fresh air.Anyone giving this place a good review is crazy.  I only gave them the extra star because, spoiler alert, the food is good.  Unfortunately it's not worth what they are charging.  I went here with my partner and we had the most sub par dining experience.  I know that New Orleans is not the place to get Mexican food, but this place is so sinful for the prices.  We were deciding between 1000 figs, Cafe Degas, and Santa Fe.  We got sold on Sante Fe, because their host was awesome and a pretty slick talker.  Good job host, you won us over.  Our waitress however, very unattentive.  I don't know how normal this is at Santa Fe, but we never got chip refills.  For the price of food here constant refills is a must, especially if you are charging that much for your food.  Seemed like a nice girl, but the service just wasn't worth $50,  don't worry we tipped $10 anyway and we recognized that it was very busy.  Even so,  this place sucks.  It's a place to rip off rich people with food that should cost have the price.  The decanter is sooooo small.  Should not be over $20.  The nachos were relatively normally priced.  The burrito was fucking good, but still should have been cheaper.  Wanted tacos, but you're gonna charge me $12 for tacos and not give me rice and beans?  Santa Fe,  get your act together!   If I ever want to go get somewhat mexican food for white people in this city ever again, I'm just going to go to Juan's Flying Burritos.  
Rich people reading this,  just goto Lola's across the street.  It's actually worth what you are paying and that whipped garlic and olive oil is fucking amazing and beats butter any day.  Just goto Guerrero for mexican food, people! Avoid this scam!  Just to reiterate, I am not hating on our unattentive waitress, but rather this institution as a whole.  Oh yeah,  NO WATER?  YOU KIDDING ME?  You are so lucky that you got 2 stars.I don't usually give 5 stars but this place deserves it. 
Service was great. Food was well seasoned and of course hot. The space had live music, outside patio, dog friendly, and just had a great atmosphere.
Just go here. You won't be disappointed.I really liked this place!  It's definitely a legitimate Mexican restaurant -- a rarity in New Orleans.  My office took our boss there for his birthday in May, and everyone had a great time!  We ordered two pitchers of watermelon margaritas for our table -- delicious!  I had crawfish enchiladas, which were quite tasty, and everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.  Our server was great -- really friendly and on top of things.
I'm confused by all the negative reviews this place has gotten on Yelp; perhaps the restaurant has ironed out the kinks that prompted past negative reviews?  In any case, will definitely come back to Santa Fe.Freshie Fresh salsa to begin. Strong, reliable margaritas . Great outdoor seating.  If your a fan of gazpacho they have one they serve with crab.  I believe this place is a locals long time establishment. It feels that way.  I can't give it 5 stars because I've been spoiled with a lot of amazing Mexican in Houston but it's damn good for New Orleans.  If you have not been just go.We love this place. For dining el fresco, It's the perfect pit  stop on a leisurely bike ride or to unwind on a nice evening. The food is always fresh some things to try are the tuna tartar and fish tacos. I love margaritas here, I have asked for recipe, but no luck. Most importantly the staff is very friendly and helpful. Nice spot to hang out.Since moving into the neighborhood three months ago, I've been here more times than I can count, either with my partner, with friends, and often alone lol. Orders have been memorized, hugs exchanged with staff, etc. It's love. 
The MUSTS:
-sit outside
-margaritas 
-tuna tartare
-crispy skin salmon 
-seafood combo
-flourless chocolate cake 
-pet the owners dog!We ordered a paella which took a while to get to us, but it's expected because of how paella is made. The sangrias were some of the better sangrias I've had, and the margaritas were so strong. Really enjoyed the the food and it was excellent and fairly priced, however there were added prices to our meal that we didn't really know about from stuff we didn't know we were paying for so just make sure you ask about it! Would really recommend this place!Food was okay- went here for the patio environment and the ladies next to us had a dog sitting ON their table, letting the dog drink out of their margarita. Yuck . I don't want to see that out at a semi nice restaurant.  It was also hard to hear the server due to the owner's dog barking non stop the whole meal. I like animals but this place was like eating at a kennel. No thanks.My wife and I stopped in for lunch before a day at the Fairgrounds Racetrack since it was close by and we had some time to kill.  We sat in the "bubble" on the outside patio.  
The chips and salsa they give you to start are pretty good.  The gazpacho was excellent--very fresh and tasty.  I had a pork quesadilla and my wife had sauteed shrimp tacos.  We both enjoyed them.
On the downside, the service was pretty bad.  What should have been a 45 minute in and out ended up lasting well over an hour.  Our server had no charisma and was (barely) going through the motions.
We won't be back next time we're in town.  There's too many places in NOLA that get everything right.I've always thought this restaurant to be adorable every time I've passed it, and one day finally made a date to sit down and enjoy myself at the establishment. The decorum is very bland and the atmosphere is nearly nonexistant; in a word I'd sum it up as 'quaint' but no more, no less. 
I asked the waiter for his recommendation as to what he thought best on the menu. He pointed out to me their restaurant's special omelet (unfortunately I forget the specific name of it but if you go there now I'm sure you can spot it on the menu no problem,) and I went with it. After my order the waiter was quick to tell me that the kitchen didn't like to make it--a major red flag. Why would any waiter say that to a guest? My companion and I had green tea as our beverage and upon having it replaced, the teabag itself wasn't, making for a bit of an amateur mistake. 
The complimentary chips and salsa were good, albeit being just 'good' and not great. We sat outside at first since we thought it was a nice day, and were greeted by several adorable chikadee's looking for some crumbs. If anything, that would definetly be the best part of the experience. Unfortunately, its not as though the restaurant came equipped with them. We headed inside after finding it too chilly; our table was twice as rickety and unstable as our chairs.
The most important aspect; the food itself, was very bland on my end. The omelet was under seasoned and even though the menu proclaimed a myriad of stuffings it was like eating a thick egg white omelet with a distinct lack of cheese or lack of filling for that matter. The sweet potato puree that came with it was the equivalent of trying to eat baby food and for the sake of the texture I couldn't stomach it. 
My companion however had a burger, and he appeared to enjoy it. Should you find yourself at this restaurant, I recommend skipping over anything you see labeled 'puree,' sit outside, and proceed with caution when the waiter tells you the kitchen doesn't like making something the restaurant is meant to serve.We ate a bunch of items at the menu and they were all pretty tasty. The quinoa salad was kind of bland though.. The tuna tartar and the Santa Fe burger were my favs.. That was one juicy burger! A downer was that the air conditioner wasn't working or maybe they don't have one? There were fans in around inside and we were in the back so the fans were not aimed at us... That was kind of a downer ...service was okI might have gone for 3 stars, but this place is directly across the street from Lola's, which has a similar price point and MUCH better and more inspired food. Save yourself some heartache and go there.
This food is mediocre to bad. Too much salt on everything (except the tortilla chips, which were strangely unsalted), and otherwise bland and lacking in spice. Nothing tasted fresh, except for my salmon, which was way too fresh (translucent in the center and cool to the touch - either undercooked, or had been left sitting for long enough to cool).
I sent the salmon back, and two waiters in a row said the words "I guess it was more medium rare, then?" when I told them that the center was raw. The answer to that, of course, is no: raw means not cooked. Not cooked to any temperature. 
No surprise, when they sent a new piece of fish, it was burnt to a crisp on the outside (but still (miraculously) underdone in the center). They were kind enough to remove the charge for the fish, but I still have to conclude that the kitchen is either inattentive to detail, or asleep. The waitstaff also seem to be drifting in a sort of dream state - I'd say the whole place needs a little verve. 
The empanadas were OK, but dry, and sitting on a bed of undressed underripe tomatoes, shredded lettuce and raw onion. An attempt at pico de gallo maybe? The seafood enchiladas were too salty and drowning in chewy, flavorless cheese. 
The saving grace of this place is the atmosphere - it's in a lovely neighborhood and has a great outdoor seating area. If only they served better food!Third time that I have been to the location on Esplanade (the location in the quarter used to be great). We went on a Sunday, early evening. I am more disappointed each time I go.  It is lovely to sit on the outdoor patio and the service was good (at our table) but the food is meh.  The table next to us was told that the kitchen had lost their ticket so their entrees would be a while.  The salsa was some kind of sweet, thin sauce, similar to a marinara.  I could not taste cilantro or garlic or any of the traditional flavors you expect in a salsa.  The gazpacho was even more disappointing.  Chopped vegetables sitting in a thin tomato sauce, but virtually no olive oil or cilantro or anything to give the soup the body and texture one expects from gazpacho (made even more disappointing because Lola's across the street serves one of the best gazpachos in the city).  The chile relleno was cooked properly and contained enough meat, but had no sauce, cheese or flavoring of any kind, so very dry and flavorless (and ala carte at $12.00).  I asked for some kind of sauce and the waiter brought me a bottle of Crystal and told me he thought it "still had a couple of drops in it." The Sangria was so-so, but again, not what you expect from real Sangria.  I doubt that I will be back.The food was good but the service was really bad. Our waitress was flat out rude. We were a party of 3 sitting outside... it took her about 15 minutes to come greet us. And she actually took the orders or a larger party that was sitting near us. Maybe there was something about us 3 women that she didn't particularly like. This is so unfortunate bc the food was actually good!They had really good appetizers and beer. Great service, super nice person serving us. We want to come back and try a full meal.I have visited Santa Fe twice in the past two weeks and both visits were absolutely awful.  This place is pure garbage.  The atmosphere is nice.  The servers are friendly, but they don't have it together.  The first day we went, we were seated, even though that they had actually closed and sent the chef home for the day.  We were so grateful that they even seated us, that even though the meal was poor, the service was very good and I figured I would give it another chance.
I never got to experience the original Santa Fe on Frenchman St but everyone I ever talk to about it has fond memories of it.  I went back this past Saturday and ordered the Seafood combination.  Santa Fe charges high end prices for low end food.  I don't mind paying top dollar for Mexican food as long as it's good, and this food is overpriced and disgusting.  The Seafood combination which claimed to have shrimp and crawfish and exactly ONE crawfish tail in the entire entree, that was COVERED in cheddar cheese, surely to hide the garbage that laid underneath it.  
The service was ok.  The waitress was sweet, but left lots to be desired as far as steps of service were concerned.  I also find it interesting that the manager didn't visit with our table to check up on us on either one of my visits there.  He did visit the table next to us where a gentleman claimed to have had the "Worst dining experience of his life".  This dude went on and on about how bad the meal was, and this was before we got ours.  We just figured he was a jerk.  Nope.  That food sucked.
Santa Fe is overpriced.  Pure garbage.  Avoid it at all costs.
Salsa is awesome.  But that is it.  Honest to God.  Cold food also.Santa Fe is fabulous, and I rarely use the word "fabulous". The atmosphere is beautiful with gorgeous plentiful outside seating and the food is fantastic. The queso dip is among my favorite that I've ever had, and I'm a queso connoisseur! I loved the Jumbo Lump Crab Salad & my husband also at passed out from the Chicken Maximillian (in a good way!) They are also pet friendly which makes everything better!Umm My experience wasn't so great here.  I remember Santa Fe being awesome when it was in the Marigny so I went here with those same expectation.  Not only were we sat outside at a table that was down wind of the dumpster (there were others open) and yucky water just inches from our feet, we got dive bombed constantly by flies.  
Ok so you may say you risk the fly thing by being outside right?  Well it all could've been resolved by allowing us to move to a different table, that didn't happen.  What was more upsetting is I had my child with me and I feel like that is the reason we were put far away on the corner which is upsetting
The service was not good the entire time.  We constantly had to ask for drink and chips/salsa refills.  I really didn't mind the lack of salsa refills because they have ketchupy salsa and if you have read my reviews, you know I don't care for ketchupy salsa.  I remember the old Santa Fe being much more attentive.  Maybe this has to do with the larger space?!? The margaritas were food, the food took a very long time to arrive and when it did, it under whelmed. I had the pork quesadilla this time and it was cold which boggled my mind after the long wait.  My friend got the ceviche and the shrimp salad, the ceviche was good, not great and the shrimp salad only came with 3 shrimp.
The whole experience was a bit disappointing and at those prices, It is doubtful I will try it again.Very underwhelmed by this restaurant. Thought it would be a hit given the number of people waiting and the length of wait, but the food was very generic, the portion size small, the prices expensive, and the service poor. Would never go back nor recommend.Cute location, food is delicious, albeit on the pricey side, it is still a great place for a cute date night. 
Go see Eric. He's the BEST! Guaranteed to put a smile on your face :)Just put it lke this... The servers put chips and salsa down on the table for eight of us outside and take our order and tell us they will serve us. Then they decide they can't because Jazz Fest is letting out and they proceed to take the chips and salsa back off the table and tell us that we have to close out our tab of drinks and we cannot get our food. Most hilarious and unprofessional thing I have ever experienced.Food was terrific and the waitress was friendly.  My only hang up like my last visit was beverage cost.  2 dollars for a can of coke is excessive even at the airport.I was at Santa Fe tonight with my wife,and she was craving for fish, but I realized that the waitress Shelly was to annoyed to tell us the specials !!!!!!!!  The waitress who was taking care of the table next to us was doing her job professionally telling them the SPECIALS!!!!!!! When the fried fish came out to their table ,we asked what it was and she just said fried fish and walked away !!!!! She should change job and work in a factory where you don't have to talk and smile !!!!!! Thanks God, the food is always delicious !!!Been awhile since we did brunch here. Lots of new items. Perfect weather to sit outside, have a fresh salad w tuna and of course a few mimosas!Came here from California to visit. Last night in town, me and my girlfriend came here for our last dinner. We weren't crazy hungry, so I got their tacos! Super bomb! Eric, our Server recommended medium rare on the tacos, just the way I like them and they were amazing! He made the whole experience great. Good service is super hard to come by nowadays, and he was so fun, so energetic and just amazing all around. As we walked out I let the manager, owner know exactly why we enjoyed our stay and visit and it was all thanks to Eric! I look forward to seeing him and coming back here the next time I visit.  Thanks for such an amazing time!!![Preface] 
Anyone who has been watching the whole Yelp photos conversation will appreciate the fact that I made the decision to go to Santa Fe this evening because it was the first business I found in the mobile app that didn't have a photo uploaded. John L will appreciate the fact that I uploaded two dark, blurry, almost useless photos. 
[Background]
Over the course of the last several years, the building that now exists as Santa Fe was a succession of different restaurants -- it was [insert name I'm forgetting], then Nonna Mia's (I think), then Santa Fe. My memory fails me with regard to the details (clearly), but the point is there were a bunch of different businesses in this location, and Santa Fe was the only one that stuck since I've been paying attention. 
[Rumors/Hearsay]
In any event, the first feedback I heard from other people who'd been to Santa Fe was entirely negative. (I won't repeat some of the more colorful statements, entertaining as they may have been; suffice it to say that the food was allegedly not good.) Therefore, I fully expected to see another restaurant take its place rather quickly, and was puzzled when this did not happen. Eventually, I came up with the theory that they *must* have kickass margaritas, because if the food is as bad as I'd heard it was, then people keep going back because they have an awesome time, love the margaritas, and drink so many they either don't care or can't remember whether or not the food was any good. 
[Personal Experience]
Well, I finally had a chance to experience Santa Fe firsthand, and here is what I have to report: 
-It's a bustling place, and can get kind of loud if you sit inside, because people clearly come here and have fun (again, I suspect it's the margaritas). 
-In all the times I've been to this building in its various incarnations, I've never seen it so crowded and noisy (in a good way). 
-There's an amazing, huge, gorgeous outdoor seating area with ceiling fans, tiki torches and (tonight, at least) live music. There was a wait to get a table outside. 
-The food is pretty standard Mexican fare. I had nachos, which were pretty much indistinguishable from nachos I've had elsewhere. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food, so whatever people were complaining about years ago is no longer valid (if, of course, it ever was).
-The service was very friendly and helpful, but a tad slow. (They were busy, though, and everybody was running around doing stuff. It's understandable.)
-We were greeted by a woman who, I suspect, is one of the owners. When we left, the man who I assume is her husband bid us farewell with a sincere thank you and enthusiastic handshake. It's a nice touch.
-They probably have excellent margaritas, but I can't say for sure because I (unfortunately) didn't have one. 
[Conclusion]
Overall, it's a great place, and the only reason I'm giving three stars instead of four is because I need to go back and confirm they do indeed have incredible margaritas, at which point I'll update my review accordingly. 
[Next Steps]
I'm going back soon for a pitcher (or two) of Margaritas.
[Recommendation]
My advice: Go. Soon. Before it gets too cold to enjoy eating and drinking outside. 
[Post-Script]
This place totally should've been included in the "Yelping Alfresco" edition of the New Orleans Weekly Yelp. It shall appear in round two, should there ever be a round two.Great environment, we sat outside next to the fountain and enjoyed brunch and mimosas. I ordered the breakfast burrito, would highly recommend. Staff was accommodating for our large group and very professional.BLUF:  Meh
There were tables outside but it was a little too cold for us.  We sat at the bar so we wouldnt have to wait for a table.  Bartender was slammed so it wasnt fast but he had a legit excuse.  
I got the chicken burrito.  It was fine but not exciting.  My date got the chicken/mushroom quessadilla.  Same.  Not exciting.  
Over priced in regards to taste but you are paying for a relatively nice atmosphere i.e. higher than necessary overhead.Nice outdoor seating
Great salsa, the perfect blend of seasoning and spice
Excellent ceviche
Awesome margaritas
And great tuna tostada saladTook a walk down to Santa Fe after a Saints victory for an early Sunday dinner. This neighborhood restaurant could be a little gem, but sadly, it has real issues. 
We were greeted warmly by the nice young lady who waited on us. We chose to sit outside as the indoor area is depressing to say the least. Now, its around four pm, do you think we could get a cloth napkin? No, paper will have to do. Of course, margaritas are on the agenda...22.00 for half a liter of gold (24.00 if you want cointreau). They were tasty. And you get a gratis basket of chips and salsa...OK.
My husband and I chose the gipsy fajitas. Ew...the garnish plate consisted of 3 flour tortillas, a tablespoon of guacamole, jarred jalepeno rings, bagged Borden Mexican shredded cheese, and shredded iceburg/chopped tomato. I asked the waitress for a Mexican hot sauce and she informed me they only had Crystal and Tabasco. What?!?
Okay, just give me some more salsa and two Tecates please. My husband thought his food tasted like soap mine tasted like nothing. My God, if you served that slop in Santa Fe, New Mexico, they would run you out of town with a 45 caliper!
The owner likes to roam around and check up on folks. Admirable, until you, the CUSTOMER, has to initiate a hello.
Check, please! 72.00 dollars out of my debit card for nothing. Adios, Santa Fe!Our first low review....We walked right up at 5:30, with no wait and were seated promptly outside as requested. Our waitress arrived quickly with chips n dip. We ordered two glasses of merlot.......20 minutes later no wine, and no complimentary water. We then stood up and left. The place was not really busy, if it was that busy its only two glasses of wine.Brunch at Santa Fe was delightful.  It was my first time there and I had the fish of the day, grilled with grilled veggies.  My delightful dining companion had the shrimp and grits.  We both had the $1 mimosas.  I'm gluten free due to a wheat allergy and they accommodated me with no problems.  My dish would have been perfect had the fish not been overcooked.  That being said, it was still delish and the grilled veggies, which normally turn out to be a limp, taste free plate garnish at other restaurants, was very tasty.   My companion's shrimp and grits (con chorizo!!) was amazing, if a tad too salty.  We shared and scarfed.  I haven't had shrimp and grits that good anywhere.  I was hoping my over done fish was an anomaly but I had another delicious meal there soon after and it wasn't.  Next time I will be sure to specify how i want my fish done.  Not a problem.  Really great staff and nice atmosphere.One of my favorite places I ate at while I was in NOLA.
Our uber driver recommended to come here after visiting the museum and I'm glad he did. :)
We ordered sangriaaaa, the garlic shrimp, calamari tacos, soft shell crab tacos, and empanadas!!  Everything was amazing but I especially liked the garlic shrimp and the soft shell crab tacos.  So GOOD!!  
Our bar tender/server was awesome!! He was very friendly and made us feel at home.  We definitely had a great time here and I highly recommend this place.  You won't regret it!!I tried this place a year ago and thought, wow these $15 fish tacos are pretty terrible.  So I stayed away.  Then yesterday my girlfriend and I were desperate for lunch are rolled the dice.  And it was a similarly disappointing experience.  The waiter told me the daily fish was delivered fresh every day.  No chance in hell.  He should have just told me it was frozen and I would have ordered something else.  Just poor food at stupid prices.After a jaunt to NOMA on a Friday night, we decided to get a late dinner at Santa Fe. Long timers here might remember the original location of Santa Fe on Frenchmen St. That restaurant opened in the 80's (I think) and was at the forefront of the Marigny revival. The menu was Mexican inspired, very creative, and well loved by food aficionados such as myself. The space too was beautiful and charming. In fact it was here that I was introduced to the straight up martini, much to my delight and ultimate chagrin. I always loved my evenings here. So it was with much sadness that the place did not re-open after the Storm.  The restaurant was sold and re-opened on Esplanade in the space previously occupied by Greg Sonnier's  Gabrielle, another favorite also shuttered by the Storm. 
I had been to the new Santa Fe only once and, for some reason, thought it to be simply a Tex Mex kind of place. I was totally wrong as I found out during my recent visit. Although the menu does contain Tex Mex staples such as nachos and quesadillas, the menu is well conceived and does homage to the original concept.
We started off by splitting (thankfully because  it was a huge portion) a special appetizer which was a salmon roulade. As I could tell,  salmon was spread with goat cheese, seasoned , rolled, then battered and fried. It was served atop a curry/mustard cream sauce. It was outstanding in every way.  My lovely dining companion ordered a chicken and portobello quesadilla, and I ordered seafood (shrimp and oyster) roll your own tacos served with guacamole, sour cream, lettuce tomato, and remoulade on the side. Both were very good choices. 
The space is nice too, very warm and inviting, lively without being out of control. The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable. Can't wait to go back.I am happy to say, I gave this place another chance because friends planned the outing, and I had a really good experience this time. Maybe ordering from the brunch menu instead of the lunch menu made a difference. I had the Southwestern biscuit with pulled pork and sunny side up eggs. It came with guacamole (real chunks of avocado in it, not the "dip" like I was served on my previous visit), sour cream, pico de gallo, and a generous sprinkling of cilantro on top. Very delicious, flavorful and filling! The $1 mimosas were good but I was not offered a refill. Looking forward to going back for brunch and getting the Southwestern biscuit again.I can see why this place only has 3 stars. It's just meh in my mind. There is appeal with the charming outdoor seating and swanky inside, but I couldn't concentrate with two different radios playing and the loud bartender. The host was not very friendly and the waitress did the bare minimum for a slow Tuesday night.
I was also distracted by the salsa refill costing $2.
I ordered the tacos ( chicken and pork) and the pork was way way better then the chicken. I did appreciate the extra cheese, jalapeños, guacamole, sour cream and lettuce and that came with it. To be honest I'll stick to my favorite $2 taco place.Went to lunch with a few ladies from work
 I had beem here once before several years ago. I had the chile relleno woth chicken. It was pretty good. Just the right amount for lumch. Complimentary chips amd salsa were good also.  I will be back.I could give it another star if they renamed the restaurant, but I came in there, salivating at the thought of New Mexico style cooking.  Not to be found!  It was September and there should  have been a green chile festival going on, but there was no mention of them anywhere.  So, I ordered a tamale that came with "poblano sauce".  Boring.  Ahhhh, where are the Hatch chiles?  Where???????
And service was pretty slow considering it wasn't very crowded.SANTE FE is the best. The cocktails are amazing! The sangria will have you smiling after one and the margaritas are delicious too. Best happy hour in the city.  Eric at the bar will keep you coming back for more. The owners and the whole staff are great. 
The food... get anything it's all good. Especially the chicken max, tuna tar tar, lump crab salad. They have great daily specials as well. Oh did I mention you can sit outside and eat right on beautiful Esplanade. It can't be beat, it won't be beat. Taylor=paper champion.TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Let me reiterate...TERRIBLE SERVICE! Food was delicious... but our waiter ruined our experience. Now, to be fair, it was a busy night but we watched everyone else around us be serviced while we continued to wait. Upon being seated we asked for water, ordered our food. Food came out, there were no utensils and no water. Asked again for both. Utensils came but still no water. We were seated with no utensils, asked SEVERAL times for water...never received it. We may have seen our waiter twice during our time in the restaurant. We had appetizers and entrees with nothing to wash them down with. At the end of this pretty bad experience, we had to go to him to get the check when we were ready to leave. I probably wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends. Thank you (not really) server 46.Came for brunch, $1 mamosas.  We had shrimp grits, muy excellente!  pulled pork burrito which was ok. And the seafood salad so yummyStarted out with the house salsa and chips. Could have eaten my fill.  The salsa was some of the best I've had at any Mexican joint in the city.  For the entrees, we ordered the grilled fish (drum) tacos and the seafood combo platter.  Both were super tasty as is, but the provided side garnishes provided for that over the top "wow" factor.  Arnold said it best, "I'll be back". Kudos Santa Fe.Stopped by here for happy hour!!  4-6pm. WARNING!!! The margaritas and sangrias are STRONG!!! After only two drinks, I was tipsy! We ordered fried green tomatoes ($15), it came on too of mixed greens with three huge toms, 4 shrimp peeled with heads on and ramoulade! We also got the deluxe nachos ($9) that came with gauc, sour cream, tomatoes, and jalapeño on a separate plate. It was good, but not amazing. I still enjoyed it! By the end of our meal we were full, tipsy, and happy!! Our bill was very reasonable for the food and drinks! I think the drinks were $3 each!  
Our server was also very friendly! When he spoke to us, I already knew he was friendly. He just gave us that friendly vibe.  I'll be back!Best ambience for anytime of the day, great food, well priced, margaritas are the best! And the staff is awesome, especially Eric! Best waiter...ask for GregWe ate here on Thursday July 17, 2015. The food as hot, tasted great. The margaritas are awesome.Had dinner here for the first time a couple of weeks back.  This is a favorite weekly haunt for a friend, so 10 of us made reservations for dinner on his birthday.  
It was a very weird experience.
We were all seated at 6:30, which was when our reservation was for.  Chips and salsa took nearly half an hour to arrive, which was unfortunately quicker than our initial drink order, which took well more than half an hour.
This process kept repeating itself, right down to the very slow arrival of our entrees - some two hours after we were seated.  They must have been ready some time earlier, however, because they didn't just arrive late - they also arrived cold.  I think that my octopus special might have been really delicious when it came off the stove, but it certainly didn't cool well.
The restaurant is reasonably pleasant, if a bit loud, on the interior.  The outdoor seating is lovely.
For a restaurant that charges the price that Santa Fe does (figure 10-15% premium on comparable places such as Superior Grill), and carries the reputation that it does, the service absolutely has to be better. 
A final note - parking is tough to find in this neighborhood at dinner time.
I'm sure we'll be back eventually to give it another chance, but this was a major disappointment.  For perspective, I think this may be my first two-star review - I'm usually a fairly easy grader.Good restaurant overall but I ordered a steak cooked medium and I ended up getting a rubbery rib eye that was barely cooked at all. I handed it back to them and I ended up getting the Sante Fe pasta with a house salad and that ended up tasting pretty good. Other than the disappointment with my steak in which I was craving, everything else was pretty good. The service was pretty good also