I'm always satisfied here. After 3 years I keep coming back. The quesadillas are great, the fish tacos are delicious. Today I'm trying the empanadas. Love it here.I go here for a quick lunch maybe two or three times a month. Can't go wrong with the Mexibowl or Cubanbowl.  The sangria is delish! Mix all that with Free chips and queso and I always leave a happy customer.I go here once a week without fail and am never disappointed. Great service, great margaritas, great food. Can't ask for anything more.Discovered this great little Latin American restaurant here on Yelp, and Jodie and I are now big fans. This is a family run restaurant, and the food is very tasty and affordable. I got the Roast Pork, with beans and yellow rice. The pork had a fantastic  flavor, and the beans and rice were perfectly seasoned. More than I could eat for under $10. Jodie had the Cuban Sandwich, which was the best I've tasted in recent memory (Loborio's is only a distant memory, unfortunately). I would definitely recommend if you are anywhere uptown.
Jodie and I went after the lunch rush, and the owner had time to sit down and talk to us. Learned about her kids and opening the restaurant. To me, this is really the epitome of a "local New Orleans restaurant" except they serve Latin food instead of New Orleans food.I come here simply for FREE QUESO. who else is giving complimentary queso? My server is always a pleasure to have. I typically order the Mexi Bowl with chicken. Their water even tastes good. Lol I could probably make this bowl at home myself, but I love when they make it for me! Always has a wonderful selection of music playing. Reggae to reggaeton vibes is always a win!We had a great meal at Sarita's over the weekend.  The atmosphere was funky/cool but the music wasn't something we were crazy for.  Management happily changed the music at our request and it made for a much more enjoyable experience.
You must try the pork, really really good.  Also the best plantains I have tasted in the city.  This is my new favorite spot for Cuban fare and it is great to see a business making a go of it in the up-and-coming Freret neighborhood.  
My only suggestion would be the addition of Cuban coffee to the menu.I was upset with my experience here. I'm on a quest to find some decent Hispanic food in this town and I guess I just need to keep in my own kitchen. The staff was super friendly, but the food didn't taste fresh, but rather it reminded me of basic commissary product. The presentation wasn't so impressive either. I hope they can turn it around! I want it to be good!My first time there and it won't be my last. I enjoyed the food and they made me feel welcome.I've been searching far and wide for an authentic mexican/cuban restaurant and I finally found it in Sarita's Grill. It's kind of run down, but it's delicious. I didn't try the margaritas. Instead, sticking to non-alcoholic beverages for my brunch munch, but the tacos were cheap, authentic, and delicious. 
Thank you Sarita's for making me not hate my  life for being gone from Houston for so long. I've needed some good mexican in my belly for a while now.Shrimp and fish tacos were stupid stupendous. I think I'll try the cuban sandwich next time.
The burritos were also pretty damn tasty. We requested that the waitress make us Aronold Palmers with the Mango Tea (add lemonade). She did, and we made her try one, and she loved that, and thanked us for that.  Yeah. 
Had a fun time at this little spot.Great place to grab a bite to eat for lunch! Great service and they cook your food really quick. 
I have always found it a bit weird they give you free nacho cheese sauce out of a can with your chips instead of the typical free salsa. But at least someone still gives you something for free. I would suggest ordering their guacamole with the chips since the cheese sauce is rather gross. 
Anyway, I have never ordered anything off the menu I haven't liked. Everything is very simple and you won't find anything extremely fancy here. Love the fish tacos and my boyfriend always gets the bowls here. The bowls are awesome because you can basically put what ever you want in them. Plus you will always be full and without putting a hole in your pocket. 
Oh and try their un-sweet mango tea! Its AWESOME!One of the best Authentic Mexican spots around! I love the spot on Freret St. The food is always fresh and hot. The family atmosphere is very conducive. The customer service is always on point with a smile. I've visited the spot a few times with my parents and each time I've enjoyed different dishes. Kid friendly, but a great spot to dine with friends. The bowls are amazing! The cheese dip is a must! The guacamole is freshly made. I love the atmosphere! I can't wait to go back.Service was perfect even for such small place they do more than what they should do. excellent service an 9/10 food is great I recommend you get the steak plate it's seasoned very well. Margaritas 7/10 but cheapest I seen so far threw out the whole cityIt was a Friday evening:  my party was taking in the sights on our beloved Freret Street & looking for a good dinner spot when we were drawn into a restaurant sporting a "Latin Fusion" sign.  It was a good decision for many reasons.
Decor, ceiling fans, latin music, & lighting made the ambiance perfect at dusk.  It was very charming & spacious for a restaurant its size.  Because it wasn't overly packed with tables, there was a liveliness to the place without it being overly loud.  Perfection.  
We were told to grab an empty table & we promptly received complimentary chips & spicy queso to start from a sweet employee - a great beginning.  The Plantain appetizer served with Sour Cream was delicious (FYI if you're used to the sliced, crunchy version:  here, you get the half-cut, soft, fried variety).  Next, we ordered the Cuban Bowl & the Shrimp Bowl as entrees.  We were very pleased with the flavor, not to mention the fact that we got our food quickly, even though they were completely slammed.  Different individuals took our orders, checked on us, brought us our food, & took care of our bill.  
The food was fresh & yummy, not to mention very affordable.  I also want to stress that this is - seriously - some of the best customer service I have received in years.  The employees were friendly, accommodating, down-to-earth, & hard-working.  Food service is not an easy industry in which to work, & I really appreciate the effort these guys put into giving us a wonderful first experience there.  I don't doubt for a second that I will be a repeat customer...after all, I have got to try those beautiful tacos!I heard about Sarita's from a friend and really enjoyed it. A few key things to know that haven't been covered in other entries:
- the margaritas are terrific (I know the specs say beer & wine, but margaritas are on the menu).
- come here if you want pork done right.
- prepare to wait for twenty minutes or so if you come on a weekend night. tables are limited.
- the yucca frita is a nice departure from typical latin/mexican fare.
The most telling part of our visit, though, was how the head waiter (owner?) pulled out extra chairs as the line got longer to make sure everyone felt attended to (and obviously to make sure they all ate here). 
I plan on heading to Sarita's regularly from here on out because the food is authentic and served with a no frills attitude.Simple place, I like how it's not trying to pretend it's something it's not (fake mex food, cheesy decor....iron cactus?).  Everything about it seemed authentic. 
All our food was great, started with empanadas then had various tacos. Thought the pork & steak were better than the fish, but all the tacos were great. And cheap!
Wife had mango margarita & enjoyed it as well...I stick to ice cold pacificos in that environ. 
Drop in when on Freret and hungry and don't want a big overdone or overpriced meal.While they do serve you complimentary queso upon sitting down (something I've NEVER heard of but did not oppose one bit), I wasn't all together woo'd by Sarita's take on Mexican. If you're looking for a pupusa/quesadilla/burrito and you're in the area, it'll do the trick but it's no south-of-the-border master. I'm a fan of either the more traditional takes of Central American food OR the absolutely Americanized burrito. When it's in between, it has the spice of the south with a white flour tortilla and sometimes that can get messy.
Needless to say, I'm still on the hunt for the best Mexican in New Orleans. I'm sure I'll be back.I love checking out new tex-mex type places.  I'm a fan of Felipe's, but it was time for me to venture out of my comfort zone...  I've been to Sarita's a couple of times.  First, I had the tacos and then the rice bowl.  Everything was pretty tasty to me.  I dig the location on Freret street.  This place is simple, I like how you get free chips and queso upon each visit.  The prices are reasonable and it's got that Mom and Pop kinda feel.I'm Peruvian and was hoping for some authentic and good Central American cuisine. What I tasted at Saritas seemed like recipes done in a hurry with very basic ingredients. Had what some call "flautas," they called them something else. They were fried to a crisp and so salty. Salt was the most flavorful ingredient. Just as well, there wasn't much spice or other interesting ingredients. As a disclaimer, I'm not a big queso and chips fan but if you do something interesting or really season the queso with the right ají you could win me over. This queso reminded me of the stuff you get from Tostitos in a can. Not good for me. The service was cold and the sangria tasted like cheap alcoholic punch. Don't think I'm coming back.This is a nice little Cuban inspired restaurant. They have good drink specials even for dinner. I had a grilled ribeye with rice, black beans, and plaintains. The steak was cut thin which is how I like it depending upon the application. I thought it worked here, and it was tasty. The rice and beans were what you expect, not very seasoned, designed to be a bland accompaniment to the entrée. My friend had a pork bowl which is similar to the Chipotle program. The pork was delicious as were the accompaniments. 
Sarita's is a nice place to hang out with good but not mind blowing food. And the price was definitely right. I think the bill was under $30 with no alcohol.Complementary queso on point.  And they came out with two treys of chips.  I had the Mexi bowl which I really enjoyed.  The seasoning on the chicken is very good and and so was the guacamole.  Very affordable great bang for your buck.First off, I'm super impressed that they weren't even batting an eye at the tables coming in right at closing time. We arrived within 45 minutes of closing, and we were far from the last table of the night. On top of that, our waiter juggled several tables simultaneously and did a great job!
We ordered yucca frita, empanadas, tacos Nicaraguenses, a Cuban sandwich, a quesadilla, and the tres leches. They have really good salsa verde, which must be made in house. The meats (in the empanadas, tacos, and sandwich) were tender and very well seasoned. I would like to have tried the Mexi-bowl everyone else on Yelp is raving about, since we saw that at almost every other table tonight, and the Havana plate looked pretty amazing, too. It would be awesome to see the empanadas and tacos Nicaraguenses added to the list of plates on the menu, served over rice and beans, instead of just appetizers. I will be back next time I'm in NOLA.I've only ever stopped in to get a classic Cuban sandwich to go, so this review is only based on that. Having said that, it was a damned fine Cuban. All the classical ingredients: roast pork, pickles, mustard, swiss cheese, etc. all piled high on a good quality roll and grill-pressed to perfection. Can't beat the quality or the price. At some point, when I'm in the mood for a sit-down Cuban meal, I'll stop into Sarita's and do a more complete review.One of my favorite little local places. I love the decor and the owner is the sweetest thing ever. I've been coming here for years, never had bad service. Everyone is always friendly and smiling and it's just a generally pleasant environment. The food is reasonably priced and consistently good. Oh and did I mention...FREE QUESO! My absolute favorite place to kick back for a little while and stuff my face full of random Latin food combinations.Good neighborhood place. The food and drinks were delicious, and I liked the ambiance too!  We'll go back again.We ended up here on accident and it was an hour before they closed for a week.  Needless to say they were pretty much out of most things.  No steak, no pulled pork, no guacamole.  
There were several dirty empty tables when we walked in and I didn't feel like they were in a hurry to clear so we could sit down.  About 5 minutes later we were seated.  Service wasn't great but wasn't bad enough for us to walk out.  
The queso dip was good which was surprising since it is orange.  Generally my family prefers white queso but we enjoyed this.  
My daughter got a cheese quesadilla which was a nice size and she enjoyed it enough to have her left overs for dinner.  
Hubs and I had fish taco (YUM) and he had chorizo which he said was even better than the fish taco.  I had a shrimp and it was good, but the fish was better.  
Serves canned drinks for $1.25.  (this is a pet peeve of mine)
I gave three stars because while I enjoyed the food, the service was lacking plus they were out of so many things.  I'll definitely try again next time I'm in the area.  
More good than bad.Good, cheap, fresh food, made fast!  First you have to love that you get a cup of queso and chips instead of the old cheap salsa and chips at other places.  I couldn't stop eating the queso until I ran out of chips.  Good thing the food is quick or I would have started eating it with a spoon.  
The plantains came as about 6-8 big pieces for a tasty appetizer.  I ordered vegetarian build your own tacos where you choose 4 items to put in them (mine were black beans, rice, tomatoes, and guacamole.  The server brought me a grilled eggplant to try with my tacos.  He said they were trying to look for more vegetarian options for their customers.  I thought it tasted amazing and the rub they used was really good.  My meat eating friend really liked it with her pork tacos which she said were incredible.  I hope they put the eggplant on their menu!
The restaurant is clean and colorful, the staff is really nice, the prices are low, the food is great, and the service is quick.What's not to like about this place!  The food is great.  I love the, "create your own bowls".  The service is fantastic and the owners are very personable.  Sara and family treat you like family.  Try the desserts.  They are awesome.
Ate lunch there, ordered the shrimp and ribeye taco's.  Both very good.  But the shrimp was outstanding.Wandered here for some Cuban food.  The complimentary queso and chips were good.  Fish tacos were delish.  The cuban sandwich was also good.  Quick service and fresh ingredients.  Will return again.Driving down Freret St., we were drawn in by the bright yellow, orange, and red colors on the side of the building and the name: "Sarita's Grill." We figured it was some type of Latin food and decided to give it a try without having heard anything about it before. 
It wasn't too busy, so Sarita had a good amount of time to come and chit chat with us for a while. I enjoyed hearing her talk about learning her mother's recipes and her experience opening the restaurant, among other things. Her husband helps cook in the back and also came to say hello. A great example of a family run restaurant with friendly service! 
I ordered the Cuban sandwich and my boyfriend got one of the bowls. Although it is definitely a Latin fusion restaurant, the food is authentic, fresh, and has excellent flavor. My Cuban sandwich was da bomb!! 
It's definitely been too long since I've been back, but I hope to change that soon!Breakdown:
Chips & Queso (complimentary)
Chips were standard, but they're chips so no need to nitpick. The "queso" however tasted like knock-off Velveeta nacho cheese. Movie theater queso is better than this gloopy food product.
Plantains
Plantains were hard and unevenly cooked. They were not sweet either. Maduros are served fried in this style when ripe and sweet. These were bitter and would be fine as tostones (the flattened, twice-fried dish), but these did not satisfy. I needed every bit of sour cream to flavor these.
Empanadas
They weren't bad, but they weren't great either. Very salty, but the pastry portion was well-done with a light and flaky texture.
Cuban sandwich
Sub-par sums this up. Tough pork and very bland.
Tacos (chicken and fish)
First of all the menu said flounder. They served us tilapia. If you think that doesn't matter, you should know that while tilapia doesn't taste bad, it is VERY cheap. $4.95 is completely unacceptable for fried tilapia on a flour tortilla with sad looking produce on top. The pork taco was not much better. Again, tough meat, sad produce, and salty.
Service
We waited 30 min for appetizers and our entrees to come out at the same time. To be fair it was busy, but the empanadas were not made right then and there and plantains take about 5-10 minutes to fry up.
I never ask for a discount on bad meals. I basically make it a point not to return if we've reached that juncture as business and customer. I want an entire refund, I won't return, and will call it a day.
Oh, 
I asked about the fish. They owned up to it being tilapia. +1 for being honest, but I shouldn't have to ask and this is not acceptable!I am really sad that I didn't find this place earlier. I used to live right next to Sarita's Grill and never really noticed it. As other reviewers have mentioned it is very much a local place. The food is fast and delicious. I got one of their make it yourself burrito bowls and the flavors were spot on. My companions had the quesadilla and the fish tacos and both of them really enjoyed the food. I was really amazed at how far your money goes at this place; especially the two for one margaritas which were perfect in my opinion, not too sweet or too strong. The complimentary queso dip is also really amazing. 
Maybe not a good place to impress a date, but a solid place for you and some friends.Being from Miami and not having too many options in New Orleans, I found this place to be great! I LOVE their cuban sandwich and chop chop rice/salad dishes.. also they will have specials.. one time it was homemade beef croquettas!Food is always good and the staff is always friendly.  They are always happy to sit and chat with you.  The prices are great and you usually go home extremely full or with leftovers.  Very good and very filling.  A must for anybody in the neighborhood.  Sarita's is just the place Freret St. needed to start it's face lift.As a New Orleans foodie I have ate my way through most of the restaurants in town. Sarita's is a definite favorite. Their food is always fresh, prices affordable and 2 for 1 margaritas on Fridays. The staff is personable and professional. I have yet to have a bad experience and have been eating there sometimes once or more a week for months now. My boyfriend and I even went on Valentine's Day because we knew that we would get excellent food and service while not emptying our wallets. You will not be disappointed.Best tacos and bowls in town! It all starts with the complimentary cheese dip and chips, which are an absolutely perfect appetizer combo. Then you have your choice of tacos, bowls, salads etc. I recommended trying the mango tea with your meal, it's def a favorite of mine.I came here with a big group (8-10) and wasn't impressed. The food was actually pretty good, but almost everything else was not. Their chips were pretty standard, as was the queso. My steak burrito bowl was good. The guacamole was okay, but the steak itself was delicious, and pretty cheap. 
However, they were out of chorizo, carnitas, something else I'm forgetting, and 2/4 types of tequila. I know that's not necessarily their fault, but still. 
The service was rather slow, and when our main courses were ready, they were delivered one by one  for some reason, which took 8-10 individual trips back to the kitchen. Also, our waiter disappeared for awhile afterwards without bringing any cutlery. 
Weird side note: my tequila on the rocks (they were out of soda water too) came in a wine glass, and they changed for a double when I ordered a single. 
Despite all of this, we were charged a 20% gratuity, which makes sense for the big party, but was not commensurate with the experience, in my opinion. 
I hate writing bad reviews, but if you are planning to eat Mexican food or go somewhere with a bigger group, don't do it here.Yo, straight up, canned cheese whiz as their complimentary "queso". We asked for salsa instead, they don't even have salsa. My boo got the $11 "shrimp bowl" which consisted of grilled shrimp, iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato, and some rice. It was about 5 bites worth of food for $11. No flavor whatsoever. The "fish taco" was a JOKE. Thousand island dressing masked as "tartar sauce". Our bill was $30 for a shrimp bowl and 3 tacos - not one cent of the meal was worth it. All of the prices listed on their yelp page are $2-3 more in reality. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY :: DON'T INSULT YOUR TASTEBUDS LIKE THIS FOR $30My girlfriend and I searched far and wide for a good Mexican place near Tulane's campus, and we found it in Sarita's. We went on a Monday evening and it was busy, but the lone waiter seemed to be attentive to every table, including ours. He was taking to-go orders while making drinks and refilling people's chips/queso. The grill cook was pumping out orders like a well oiled machine. 
We were skeptical about choosing our own toppings for the tacos, but it worked well. We got chicken, carnitas and steak tacos, and the combination of cheese, rice, beans and pico was very good (other options were lettuce, sour cream, guac, and maybe 1-2 others). We got one fish taco too, which has its own toppings, and was very flavorful. 
The complimentary queso in place of salsa was a nice change of pace. The atmosphere was laid back, the decor was interesting - all in all we loved Sarita's and will be coming back.This is probably the most affordable place to eat among all the new places that have opened on Freret St. and they have been there longer than most of the others.  They have many tasty options that are all very reasonably priced.  The only slight complaint I have about this place is along with the free chips you get some "queso" that tastes like the velveta cheese you get on Superdome nachos more than any real queso I've had (so they might do better just switching to salsa but it is free so you can't complain too much).  They also were having a half price drink special the last night I ate there so that was a GREAT deal for a Friday night.  
Their tacos are all around $3, depending on the meat selection, and you then get to add additional toppings of your choice.  At my last dinner I selected a chicken taco, shrimp taco, and fish taco (they use flounder for their fish tacos) and I was quite satisfied with the portion size (with the chicken being exceptionally generous on the toppings).  They also offer "bowls" of various combinations of taco ingredients sans tortillas and then a few additional entrees with the most enticing to me being a steak.  This is certainly not the best Mexican type food I've had (and I'm not the biggest fan of this type of food) but I would definitely go here before Superior Grill, Nacho Mama's, Taqueria Corona, Maya's, Baru, Rum House, or Felipe's.  Overall a fantastic value for some good simple food with some great drink specials.LURVE this place.  Shrimp tacos for $2 - WTF?  For $18 you can easily feed three people.  I've also had the plates, but something about those shrimp tacos, pair them with the ribeye tacos.  Divoon.  We go hear ALOT and recommend this plate ALOT more.Sarita's has a plain and even "tumbledown" exterior and interior appearance (a dive?). The waitress was friendly and helpful. I ordered the Steak Tacos, and they were simply delicious. My partners remarked that their orders (flautas and the Steak Plate) were also very good and enjoyable. The appetizer chips, cheese sauce, and salsa were also quite nice. I would recommend this place and certainly return. RJTOm nom nom--delicious grilled shrimp tacos and friendly service. Glad this place is near our gym!Nice place on Freret. Kinda small. Homey feel. The cooking is done on a grill by the tables. It's no pressure and good, polite service. 
THE FOOD: You get chips and queso dip to start, tasty! I added Sriracha for a little more flavor and heat. Btw, there is only Sriracha and one other hot sauce on the tables. 
I ordered the Super Bowl, but as a burrito (Not a bowl). It's not a fried tortilla bowl either, it's just a bowl. It's chopped ribeye, and grilled chicken with black beans, guacamole, grilled onions, cheese, sour cream, yellow rice, tomatoes,  and lettuce.
Very tasty, flavorful, delicious! You can taste the char from the grill, and the chicken is done just right, not dried or overcooked.  It's a big burrito, too..so make sure you're hungry. 
I had a small guacamole also. It's just ok.  Not much flavor beyond avocado and lime.
It's great for a quick lunch, I was in and out in about 35 mins as a sit down. 
All the employees are great, and it was under 20 bucks with a can of pop.One of our new favorite places.  Free chips and queso.  Fish tacos are amazing.  Freshly cooked flounder that comes piping hot.  Prices cant be beat.In one word: disappointing. Had high hopes for Saritas. I live just around the corner and have been missing their spotty hours for months. Finally made it in after debating Saritas or Midway. Made the wrong choice. First let me say the service was great. My server was attentive and fast. But the fish tacos were almost inedible. Served with a cream sauce that could have been miracle whip with a dash of hot sauce. The chips and queso would have been better had they used velveeta and rotel. The sangria definitely did not taste fresh, and the $6(?) price tag puts it $1 above Maya's superb sangria. 
Spent my last $15 on this meal and really wish I'd either a) gone to Midway; or b) gotten $15 worth of junk food from Las Acacias.Hole in the wall kind of place. Solid, fresh Latin food. Service is good. Surrounded by shops and other great restaurants. Worth a try.Sitting next door at The Rook this place was recommended by J.J. for lunch, he suggested the steak quesidillas and I ended up going for it. I ordered to go. The staff was friendly and very helpful. I really enjoyed the quesidilla, only complaint were the onions. They were huge and I like them either raw or sautéed, they were like a weird in between. Guacamole = thumbs up. I'll definitely be back, gotta try the tacos.Came here on a Monday evening and the restaurant had about 3 people, about an hour or so it started to get a little bit more crowded. The hostess and our waiter were excellent. Very attentive and pleasant. The restaurant itself played great Spanish music which made it even more enjoyable. I got the chicken quesadilla and it was excellent! My boyfriend got the ropa vieja which almost tasted as good as my aunts Cuban food. Highly recommend. This is a great little hidden treasure ! Must visit! Can't wait to be back!
Ps. Free complimentary quesoWe get take out from here all the time! The food is so good! Try the chicken tacos dressed like a fish taco! The spicy sauce they use is out of this world. Their quesadillas are also amazing. I especially like then with chorizo. 
I like to bring my Spanish classes here to practice their Spanish. The owners go out of their way to make sure the kids were comfortable and all of their needs met (and they even taught them some stuff!). My students combined have tried basically everything on the menu. The Cuban sandwich to the ropa vieja have been cleaned off the student's plates. It's that good.Crazy good food!!! Ribeye taco is incredible and really all the tacos were excellent. The free spicy queso is addictive! I only wish I had taken a pic before I ate but I didn't know how good it was going to be! Give it a try now!!! If they are closed, sleep outside the door until they open! It's worth it!!Great food, GREAT service, would come back here over and over again. They were so friendly, and when they were missing an ingredient for one of our dishes, the owner/manager sat down with us at our table to talk through alternatives. Simply wonderful service-- even when they were full and busy, they were attentive and patient. Loved it.Sarita's Grill just recently re-opened after being closed from katrina.  Seeing as it is only down the street from tulane, Sarita's may become my new place for a good, quick lunch.
The food is good and the price is great - two of us ate there for $18.50 after tax, and we couldn't even finish our food.  The Havana (pulled pork plate) was delicious.  
The service was VERY friendly, and even though it is only run by a wife an husband they both had time to chat us up.  My only regret is that we didn't leave room for the flan, it looked amazing.
Note: Bring a student ID and get 20% off!Great casual place for awesome latin food!
we had the guac and free cheese dip with tortilla chips and it was delicious.  the guac was super fresh!
for app, we had fried yuca.....fried just right.
for entree, we had the pulled pork burrito.   it was delish and so fresh.
also, the grilled shrimp taco and fish taco were delightful.  
margaritas were good and 2 for 1!!!
service was great and they were busy.
i love this place and i know tons of people will love coming here, pretty soon it will be packed all the time!
glad to see a small place do so well.So happy that Sarita's opened in my neighborhood!  The fish tacos are the best I've had and you can order any tacos a la carte for a custom-sized lunch, large or small. Complimentary queso as well!Awesome tacos. Great flavor and seasoning. The fish taco was off the chart, great!  Very nice staff and owner!!Fish tacos were delish...the pieces of fish were flakey and quite substantial. My only negative of the whole meal was our waitress. We waited for 20 min for a refill and it took her another 20min to collect our credit cards for the bill. Also we had a table of 3 and there was another party of 2. I can understand the wait if it were packed but it wasn't.Very good neighborhood restaurant, very friendly people, and good food for a good price:) my favorite is the fish taco , tres leches and the creme caramel hmmmmmmmWith the reviews on this place you would think it's the best Mexican food in Nola, when in reality it's mostly a flop. I'm not the type of person that loves fancy Mexican or even a new twist on Mexican. What I'm looking for is a good margarita with a solid queso. As a general note, this place is def. more Latin inspired than Tex Mex - no harm, no foul. The margaritas leave a lot to be desired, in flavor and a total lack of a frozen option. Furthermore the "free queso" everyone is raving about is 100% stadium nacho cheese that has a bit of spice in it. I am really not even sure if this place has salsa on the menu. I will say the steak entree and plantains were good, but that's it. The salad (?) that it came with had French dressing on it - salad and dressing seemed totally out of place. Wait staff was great, but with the poor Margs and stadium cheese, we won't be back.Great food !! Fun, friendly staff and fast, efficient service.  Definitely  a place worth eating at, especially for the Cuban style roast pork.  Amazing!Empanadas are homemade and delicious!! 
I shouldn't tell you because they only make them fresh and sometimes run out. :)The best tacos in New Orleans. The grilled shrimp tacos with their own special sauce are perfect. You can build your from your choice of toppings if you wish. The also have hearty salad bowls. This is an informal family restaurant that also gets local workers from the area.Every table is greeted with nachos and and a very tasty cheese sauce.The dinner plates are typical Central American fare and the ones I have tried are perfectly flavored examples of those cuisines. They also have empanadas typical of Nicaragua ant that area. All of the above with great margaritas and some of the most reasonable prices in the city.Sarita's in one of my favorite places in New Orleans. Sara is an angel, truly one of the sweetest people you will ever meet. The other regular servers, Juan and Angelica (Sara's fabulous daughter) are warm and friendly as well. 
The food is delicious and affordable and so are the drinks. Plus you get FREE QUESO.  To whoever it was that wrote the review knocking the queso, why the eff are you complaining?  IT'S FREE (and delicious)!  Every other Latin restaurant in the city charges you for chips 'n dips. That alone is reason to walk through those doors. The food and service is the reason you'll keep coming back. 
Oh and save room for the tres leches!  Es muy delicioso!!Heads up! The menu on Yelp is wrong and prices are inaccurate. Grilled steak is not $10, it's $15. Other things went up as well. I mentioned this and the guy was unimpressed. I wasn't looking for a refund, but a quick "sorry" would've gone a long way. Supposedly someone else posted the menu and they haven't been able to change it. All that said, the steak was fatty (not in the good way). TWO stars because the tacos and tostadas are pretty great. Disappointed this time, buy I'll try something else next time.The prices on this Yelp page are not true!!! $12 for 3 mediocre ass beef tacos is unacceptable. Stop bucking these sad ass places up. Anybody that thinks highly of this places knows nothing about Latin/ Mexican food. They were just excited to be eating on Freret, smh.This is a tiny little spot on Freret.  You can tell walking into that they worked hard to make the place cute on a small budget.  Do not expect any revolutionary culinary revelations.  The food is basic.  The menu is a simple mix of Latin American cuisine.  The prices are extremely affordable.  I think the most expensive menu item was around $11.  The portions were huge, my wife and I both had leftovers and the food is very fresh. The mango ice tea is very good.    The owners were very friendly and extremely good hosts.  You have to give them kudos for featuring local artwork by Freret St. artists.  It gives the place a real laidback, funky feel.   I will be back.  Warning:  No Booze and closes at 9 on weekends..Very good and very inexpensive.  
Nice selection of tacos on flour tortillas.  They don't have pico de gallo on the menu (?) but you can order it as a topping along with several others.  The tacos were big and less than $3 for beef, chicken or pork.  
The fish tacos were fried flounder with a nice creamy sauce on shredded cabbage.
The pulled pork plate came with black beans and fried yucca.  Yummy pork.
We finished it off with some wonderful flan. My only complaint is that there don't seem to be many side items and they don't suggest combinations to accompany the tacos or quesadillas.  I also don't know what their "bowl" dishes consist of.
Nice and personable staff and a nice ambience in a Freret Street gem.Sarita's Grill on Freret is one of my favorite neighborhood lunch spots. I always some combination of the tacos (today was fish, shrimp, and ribeye) on CORN tortillas. I am also a fan of Sarita's Mango Margaritas!
I am pretty certain this is family owned and operated, which is why you will absolutely be given the best food and service each time. 
Aside from that, the prices are extremely low at Sarita's. If you are visiting New Orleans on a budget and want to experience local flair, Freret Street is a great place to be. It is easily accessed by bus, and is a 10 minute walk from the St Charles - Napoleon Street Car Stop.Fresh Latin food. I like to get the fish taco and Nicaraguan Tacos.Awesome fish tacos. And their standard free chips come with cheese. Sweet.I'm all about free cheese! These service was great, and the atmosphere is fun, but the tacos and Cuban sandwich are where it's at! I didn't get the flan, but I'll be back to try that later along with sangria, and some more fish tacos!I am usually not much on spanish food but this place was great. When I first went I was surprised to see that it was not really a mexican restaurant. They serve up meals that you might see in Cuba or Central America. But yes I went here several times and it did not disappoint! The prices were incredibly reasonable as well. 
All in all this is a great place to grab a bite to eat if you are in the Freret  Area.I used to always drive by this place and by simultaneously turned off and intrigued by its external appearance. It looks, from the outside, like a somewhat dive-y type restaurant, which generally means it either makes delicious food at a low cost, or horrible food at a low cost. Fortunately for me, Sarita's makes some decent Mexican food. The entrees we had, while not amazing, were good, inexpensive, and simple. The service was great--our waiter did a great job of being there when we needed him and gone when we didn't. The decor, though fairly sparse, fits with the overall vibe of the restaurant--relaxed, calm, and not trying to hard. I enjoyed Sarita's, and I definitely intend to go back and try more of their menu.I don't think I can say anything that hasn't already been said, but I noticed there weren't many recent reviews, so I thought I'd write to say that the place still lives up to these reviews. We went for dinner last night and had the pulled pork and grilled steak, both delicious and full of flavor. The plaintains and yucca were perfectly cooked, the complimentary queso had a nice bite to it, and the guacamole was simple, creamy, and very tasty. And the tres leches cake...  YUM! I'm so glad to have found it as a regular on a menu! $42 for two beers, a glass of sangria, guac, and our entrees. And our server was very nice, great personality.  I will definitely go back! Oh, I gave it 4 stars because the sangria was just ok, and I think people expect sangria in a latin-themed restaurant to be pretty good. But I'm still going back to try the tacos (and have some more tres leches). Oh yeah, this is not one of those places where they have the AC ridiculously blasting during the summer, so no need for a sweater.This place was a complete disappointment.  Wanted guacamole, they were all out... but had the ingredients.  I ordered the shrimp bowl, which was not terrible but was missing ingredients in the description.  It wasn't what the menu said it was, that's a problem.  I asked for jalapeños assuming they would be fresh... they were from a jar.  Love that soggy pickles goodness... Not really.  This isn't nachos with fake cheese wiz.  Service was mediocre.  8-14 a dish, you barely get what you pay for, and I was still hungry after I left.  Will not be returning.I remember the day several years ago when the sign changed on the building on Freret.  The corridor was still in a state of abandoned decay to the point that it was unclear whether it would actually come back from the storm.
Fortunately, as I've come to know over the course of many visits, Sarita's was just the thing that the Freret Corridor needed.  
At the moment, there's not a single rating below three stars, and I think it's because of the two strands that appear over and over in the reviews - the noteworthy service (which is friendly, personal, and real) as well as the food/price ratio (ample portions, inexpensive prices).  
After trying a few items on the menu long ago, I found my meal: the chicken plate.  Yellow rice, black beans, pico, tortillas, and a sizable helping of grilled chicken.  It's a platterful.  It's tasty, straightforward, and it's some of the best "bang for your buck" that I've found in the city - right up there with the red beans and rice at Ignatius.  
Very early on, Sarita and company picked up on what I considered "the usual," and I have yet to take a friend or acquaintance to the restaurant who doesn't come away saying something to the effect of "that was a good find."I LOVE Sarita's! They start you off with complimentary queso and chips. They queso is so yummy and spicy. I don't like typical tomato salsa, so this is awesome for me. 
They have a really nice menu. Their bowls are sooooo good. You cannot go wrong. Everything is delicious and fresh. 
Everyone who works here is lovely and Sara is so sweet. This place is awesome to stop in for a quick, authentic, delicious meal.So, Sarita's to me is just kind of ambiguous Latin food, but I am a fan. My coworker and I came across Sarita's during Mardi Gras 2011 and just trying to avoid the busy Uptown streets. We were starving and stopped by Sarita's on a whim. But I am so glad we did! It's yummy! I got a chicken bowl to go, which is like a burrito in a bowl. And the salsa had a nice heat to it. I came here again and sat down for lunch. They serve you a complimentary queso, which was a nice little surprise. I, once again, ordered the chicken bowl and a beef taco on the side. The beef, which I think is rib-eye, was amazing! So well seasoned - definitely the star of the whole meal. The only downside, I wish the taco was served on corn tortillas. Bf had the burrito which he enjoyed since he thinks they're one of the best food inventions out there.i really want to like this place more.  i started with the plantains and sour cream.  it was ok but the plaintains were a little too greasy.  then, i had a bowl of the roasted pork, black beans, sauteed onions, yellow rice and fried yucca, which sounds great, but i wish it had more flavor and seasoning!  the pork was a little salty (this, coming from a saltaholic), and the black beans and yucca had absolutely no seasoning at all.  i ended up adding sour cream and a green pepper sauce to the dish and it made it better.
the saving grace was the flan which was very good!  it's made the way one of my aunts makes it, where it's dense (no bubbles), the caramel layer is as smooth as glass, rich and tasty.  i should note that it was totally fresh as it was just made.
service was good and friendly.  i will go back and try other things on the menu like the tacos and tres leches, and perhaps revise this review.I had lunch here for the first time today. I had pork with, rice, beans and plantains. It was incredibly tasty. I will be returning tomorrow to try something else on their Cuban inspired menu. It's not fancy by any means.  If you want inexpensive authentic Latin food this is the place.