This place was awesome!!!the waitress was really helpful! I had the brisit was cooked perfectly I also enjoyed the potato salad and baked beans the atmosphere was really cool to it was only a couple of other people and they are not too crowded for lunch time but shortly after I finished my meal I noticed the rash come in this place is located in downtown New Orleans but not like you think when you think ofBourbon streetmore of a Soho uptown district area:)Hmm maybe I'm just not a fan of BBQ in general?
The upside: super friendly service! :D Our server Abby was one of the sweetest waitresses ever. She also paints, so you can buy her artwork to support her if you want.
The food: I felt it was pretty average :T they do provide 5 or 6 different sauces to drench your BBQ in; I recommend trying all of them to see which is your favorite (I  liked Southern Sweet with the pulled pork; the Fantasy Sauce kind of just tasted like something with Tabasco in it to me)
What we got:
-Pulled Pork Nachos: kinda dry, and the cheese hardened a lot before we dug in; I'm guessing we were supposed to add a lot of sauce to it? (which we did)
-Half Rack of Ribs: I guess BBQ and I just don't mix because I couldn't get all of the meat off the bone :/ The meat itself was tender though.
-Single Serving of Baked Macaroni [cup-size]: a little on the sour side for some reason?
To each his/her own though, cause my boyfriend highly approved? O.o
P.S. BYOB :)Awesome spot for bbq I'm always there for my weekly dose of brisket. The variety of sauces is great. The ribs are very tender and a slab is more than enough for 3 people. The people that work here are very nice, Laid back and they have great owners that know what they r doing. Their brisket tops the list in new orleans. And the brisket melt really melts in ur mouth. Love it.We were walking along Magazine Street when we smelled the heavenly aroma of smoked meats emanating from this establishment. A quick YELP search revealed favorable reviews from most diners. We had just toured Texas where we had some of the most outstanding BBQ in our lives. It was time to put New Orleans BBQ to the test, and Saucy's BBQ came through with flying colors!
We both ordered a 2 meat / 2 side combo for $14. We both chose Brisket and Pork Ribs, delightfully smoky, tender and succulent. The ribs were cooked just right (el dente, to the bite off the bone!) and flavorful. The BBQ dip sauce enhanced this flavor without overpowering the spices on the ribs. The brisket was easily the most juicy, tender and best that I have had so far. The horseradish dip for the brisket enhanced these beefy flavors perfectly. The sides we chose of Grilled Asparagus, Goat cheese mac-n-cheese, and Baked Beans were excellent! The biscuit made from sweet potato and cinnamon was a nice finishing touch. The service was fast and efficient. We would definitely eat here again!Seriously the best bbq I have ever had. The ribs were cooked perfectly, the asparagus was crisp and we'll seasoned, and the goat cheese Mac was incredible. If I'm ever back in New Orleans I'm definitely coming back!Everyone in my little family of three loves bbq.  It is quite possibly a fave of all three of us.  This place is our favorite bbq restaurant in New Orleans.  The menu is not too extensive, even a bit limited in some areas (like the appetizers) but what they do - they do well.  My son loves their ribs.  He gets the 4 rib/1 side item plate.  They ribs are huge and always well seasoned and cooked.  They're so big that he usually only eats two and brings the other two home.  My personal favorite is the chaurice sausage.  It's fresh, locally made,  and has an all around great flavor.  I've tried all of their side items.  The mac and cheese is by far the best.  The beans and potato salad are also very good.  The slaw - not so much - I'd steer clear of that one.  They also give you these delicious little sweet potato muffins.  I could eat tons of them.  Overal, on food alone, I'd give them 4 stars.  I gave them 5 because the owners are nice people, the servers always take good care of us when we go in, and the food is very consistent.  We have never had a bad meal here.  The food is always hot (unlike the joint) and its always cooked well (unlike squeal).  In my opinion, this place is one of the most under rated for bbq.  Squeal and the Joint always get the top 2 spots on the city's "best of" lists.  The people voting are either doing so out of name recognition, they ate there once and thought it was good, or they haven't eaten there at all and are just writing stuff in.  I say that bc we go to all three regularly - well we did until the joint served us ice cold food and said we had to eat it that way bc they couldn't warm it up.  Out of all three, Saucys has the best tasting and the most consistent food.  If you love bbq and your aren't eating here, then you are missing out.  New Orleans definitely isn't known for bbq but maybe Saucy's can change that.This place has potential, and I'll try it again, but the sauces are bad. They need to either be more flavorful or have more options. Neither sauce really fit with my meal (ribs and brisket with Mac and cheese). Mac and cheese and muffin were good, and the quality of the meat was good, but what's the point of BBQ with poor sauce? 
Hopefully, this review doesn't invite another rant from the owners, like other reviews. You'd think maybe they'd offer some of the unhappy customers below the chance to try the place again and prove them wrong - I guess maturity isn't on the menu.We had the ribs, brisket, mac and cheese, cole slaw, and baked beans. The ribs and brisket were cooked perfectly. Not too soft and not too chewy. The sauces are also tasty. The mac n cheese was great! I believe they had some goat cheese in it. I didnt eat the baked beans my wife did. She said they were amazing! Will definitely visit again.I am from Mississippi...home of fat people who live and love to eat. Ive eaten ribs for a long time....
These ribs are some of the best my fat ass has ever had.
How? Half an inch of meat on each one. Cooked perfectly.
Sides are out of this world...bbq beans, potato salad, mac and cheese....
Stop reading and start eating....God, I love this place. 
Thoughts:
1. The owners and staff are incredibly nice and fair when ordering for a large group. They always throw in a little something extra!!
2. The beans are a recipe that make me contemplate committing sins just to have one more bite. 
3. Most importantly, the meat cuts, portions, and sauces are INCREDIBLE!!!!
Go here. Get Sauced.Awesome! LOVE the pulled pork nachos! I get them every time. And the staff and owners are the best too!"GET THE BRISKET!!!!!!" It's  so good you don't need your teeth to chew it. Only need your tongue and the roof of your mouth to mash it into baby food Bar B Que paste. By far the best I've had in a long time. My wife and I will definitely be going back on our next visit to New Orleans.This was my first time here. I ordered the 2 meat platter, 2 ribs = 1 meat and I got Alligator as my second choice. For my sides I got potato salad and baked beans. Ribs were good, I would prefer them to be a little more tender,(I like the meat to fall off the bone) but they were still pretty good. Out of the 3 sauces I like the chipotle the best, sweet coming in second. Both of those went well with the ribs. I liked the mayo based sauce for the alligator. Baked beans were pretty good, they had good flavor. The potato salad had too much mayo for my preference. Boudin was ok, IMO it's hard to find good Boudin in New Orleans, really anywhere east of hwy 49. lol  All in all I enjoyed the food and will be back.Excellent Ribs, Brisket Quesadilla and sweet potato bread! I had the ribs and the meat alone tasted great, it was seasoned well and fresh. Same for the brisket. Not to mention the service was excellent. I am a fan of the sauces as well. I will definitely return.Excellent barbecue--especially the pulled pork. Great house sauce. Excellent mac n cheese. Prices are reasonable--our dinner for two was $20, which doesn't happen often in NOLA.
Service is prompt--not always the most friendly, but who cares?This is definitely a solid place to get some BBQ in New Orleans.
Being from the south I naturally love me some good BBQ and this place is doing it right. I ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of their mac n' cheese. It wasn't crowded when I dropped in so my food came out pretty quickly. I guess I am just lucky because from what I hear this place is often packed.
I was surpassed how thick the brisket is cut, not saying that is a bad thing, just not something I've had before. They are generous with portion size and I love that they give you the choice of several different sauces, I believe there were 4 on the table and maybe another 1 or 2 hanging out by the beverage area. What's even better than sampling each one is the fact you can use as much as you want if you are like me and like a ton of sauce on your brisket. 
Something else I like was that they also give you the most amazing horseradish sauce in a cup to dip the sandwich in which was creamy and had just the right amount of spiciness. I enjoyed all the different sauces but I have to say the horseradish dipping sauce really stood out for me, granted I was dipping my sandwich that was sauced to the max, so I guess it was a collaborative effort on the part of the sauces.
All in all I enjoyed myself and want to go back here and try the pulled pork soon.Went there expecting at least decent BBQ but the dry rub was a bit bland. The mac and cheese was cold and the meats had been microwaved. The manager was not apologetic and was even heard complaining in the kitchen. His defense was 'these are the best ribs in the city', yet the place was empty at 7:00pm and it didn't even smell like BBQ. The manager made no attempts to be accommodating.   
I do not recommend.Ahh yes!! Finally a really good BBQ spot on Magazine, and it's in my neighborhood. I was so excited to see Saucy's move in where Ignatius used to be located, right across the street from one of my favorite restaurants Magasin. I had eaten at Saucy's  when it was located in Metairie because I had a Groupon, but I am not to fond of driving to Metairie for just for dining so I never made the effort to go back. I love BBQ food, and we so need this Uptown. So I got the pulled pork plate which came with two sides, I chose the mac-n-cheese and coleslaw. I had an empty plate when I was done and then I was picking at my son's smoked chicken. I don't know what was better the pork or the chicken. They also had five different sauces to try out, and I like how the labels on each one tells you which meat it goes well with. My favorite was the Southern Sweet. Can't wait to order takeout catering for my Saints parties! Everyone who likes BBQ needs to go to Saucy's and give it some business. I want this one to stay in my neighborhood!!! Oh yeah, and it's BYOB!!Delicious rich smoky pulled pork and great sauces. Yum !!!  Super friendly and helpful staff.Fun little BBQ joint in the middle of a variety of restaurants on that particular section of magazine. I would much rather go there then wait hours on end for Shaya. The place is small and cozy, you walk up to order, but all other aspects of the service are like a sit down place. The sweet waitress brought out food, took or plates and offered us to go containers. 
I ordered the pork and brisket sliders and asparagus, my BF ordered the brisket quesadilla, ribs (you can add to your plate for $2 each) and the goat cheese mac.
Hands down I've never experienced and quesadilla like that before. The brisket melted in your mouth, cheesy and toaster just right. It was hard to focus on my sliders after that!! I preferred the brisket slider over the cochon but once I added that sauce, it also hit the spot. The sides were also above average with the asparagus still a bit crisp and mac oh so creamy. I will definitely be back! 
For 2 people it was $30! Not a bad deal either.Kind of a gloomy place to eat a meal in but the food was just fine.Great BBQ. Had a bangin' brisket quesadilla. I've been to their food truck on 2 separate occasions and each time I left wanting more.Great food for good prices!!! I ate here two days in a row in NOLA where great food is everywhere so you know I liked it A LOT!!!Easily the best barbecue in New Orleans.  Friendly, local owners, great service, and a very comfortable room.  The house sauce is my favorite - kinda tangy, not cloying.We chose Saucy's to cater an informal retirement function in May 2016.  Rich was very flexible with our order,  making it easy to accomodate various tastes.  He delivered and help set up the food.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the meal.  That Goat Cheese Mac was the big hit, but that does not take away from everything else.  Would recommend for functions or family dinner!  Thanks RICH, you were awesome.Got there and it was completely packed! But it didn't take long for us to be seated. Down to earth decor. It was pretty warm inside because the door kept opening from customers. The server was new but pretty good overall. I got the brisket sandwich with smoked beans. The brisket was delicious--they have about 5 sauces to choose from. The "Hot"  is what I thought went best with my sandwich. The beans on the other hand were not what I expected. I thought "smoked" beans and baked beans would be essentially the same thing but these beans looked and tasted completely different. I barely finished half. All in all, I liked the experience and I'll probably pay this place another visit!this was good BBQ, but nothing incredible. we were in NOLA on vacation and this spot came extremely highly recommended by someone - we took a streetcar all the way here (40 minutes) and weren't over-the-moon impressed. just decently. good flavor, good quantity, just okay value though.Stopped in for a brisket sandwich when McClures was out and it was pretty good. The slaw I found to be just ok. I do like their slaw selection. Overall I still prefer McClures but this is a good backup.I really liked Saucy's. The joint probably ranks just a tiny bit higher but Saucy's is much closer to where I live and I absolutely loved their Carolina pulled pork. It's served with pickles and red onion which may be a little out of the ordinary but it works. Great mac and cheese too :)Our family drove through here while on vacation this summer and LOVED it! Being from the south were picky about out BBQ but this place was better than we hoped for! Found it on Yelp and so glad we came here. Family agrees this will have to be on the list of future stops! :)Excellent ribs and sauce. Sweet and spicy vinegar slaw was good too. I will return next chance I get.First time coming to NOLA this place showed up as no. 2 on the list for BBQ Chicken search. No reason to not give 5 stars considering I enjoyed the service provided and everything I ate except the Mac & Cheese.
Even though the smoked beans weren't traditional BBQ baked beans because they have four different types of beans versus one, they were still really good. I enjoyed both the chipotle BBQ sauce and the sweet BBQ sauce. 
The sweet tea wasn't bad but wasn't what I would consider traditional "southern" sweet tea. I'm not sure what sweetener they used and I'm not going to guess but it didn't taste like pure sugar cane. 
*Added Bonus* They offer a military discount to our service members. Thank you!Absolutely love this place! Second time here and I felt compelled to write a review! The boyfriend and I ventured in on a Saturday night about an hour before they were closing. Staff was pleasant, very nice, attentive. I recently had their brisket quesadilla at a festival and had to get it this past weekend! Get it! You won't regret it! Regularly I would have gotten the pulled pork sandwich but I HAD to have the brisket quesadilla. it's so yummy and filling. They also have a few different sauces that you can pair your meats with. My boyfriend ended up getting the alligator sausage and then some marinated chicken which was amazing as well. The sauce for the alligator is on point! For sides we got the macaroni, beans and potato salad! My fav is the Mac and cheese. We will absolutely be back!Best bbq in Nola. They pushed together some tables to accommodate my group of 12. We did a family style meal and ordered as per the owner's suggestions. Everything was fantastic, especially the ribs and the potato salad. The food is excellent as are the people and locationThe brisket is outstanding and I'm not a fan of brisket,actually ordered a pound to bring home, it was good!and goat cheese mac , amazing!!The sauces were great and great service even though it was counter service!!I have no idea how this place is rated so highly. The only reason this place gets two stars is because of the sides. We had the Mac and cheese and beans, which were both decent enough.  The inside of the restaurant had no deep smoke smell and their was not smoke visible or to be smelt outside the establishment, a bad sign.  The meats we got were the ribs and the brisket. They didn't have any real smokey flavor and zero smoke ring, I fear they were boiled and then baked.  The meats had a grayish tint to them and tasted watery, further strengthening my opinion that their meat is boiled/baked.  Also their sauces were lacking in flavor which for a place named Saucy's just adds insult to injury. Anyone that knows good, real, slow smoked BBQ will be highly disappointed.They had a lot of different choices for the bbq sauces which was fun to try. The sausages was my favorite and a must try! Go go go! Stafff was super friendly tooAfter a particularly strong craving for ribs, I called in an order for a rack and a half. Easily some of the toughest and driest BBQ I have ever had the misfortune to gnaw on. I've had better ribs at Chili's. Top that with a sauce that is more salt and vinegar than flavor and I will never visit this BBQ joint again. Shame, because the mac and cheese was pretty good.As soon as you walk in the door, the aroma hits you with love!! The Mac and Cheese was to die for.. I had the boudin with the slaw..awesome. My son had the grilled chicken with asparagus.. The spices on the chicken reminded me of a Caribbean dish, really good. My partner had the pulled pork with the smoked beans..another winner!!!Never have had a bad meal, staff are very friendly.  The baked beans are amazing and definitely try the goat-cheese Mac & Cheese.I have 2 complaints. First the meat is so tender and yummy that it's damn near impossible to eat with a fork. 2nd I am too full to try the rest of the menu in one sitting. Absolutely delicious.The pulled pork here is average here but the ribs are just bad. They're dry and super salty.. Typical predominantly white run southern joint-- no flavor!Little hole in the wall that had the best, most perfectly cooked meat and sides I've had in New Orleans for bbq. It was such a pleasant surprise. Goat cheese Mac was so good and I don't like Mac n cheese usually. The asparagus, I don't think , could of been better. Bring your own booze if you want to drink proper. Great job Saucy's.I had heard about this place from some friends and decided to try it. My only issue is that I wish I had tried them sooner. Both the food and staff were fantastic. 
New Orleans isn't a city known for Barbecue  but this place does a great job with it. We tried a 2 meat plate (brisket and sausage) , a pulled pork sandwich, and a few different sides. Everything was great.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because you need to park on the street. Since there are quite a few restaurants in the same area parking is always a challenge.This is my go to BBQ.  Been to most of the other places around the city, but I always end up back at Saucy's.
If you're dining in there is usually only 1 waitress and on busy nights the owners sometimes hang around and help out. It's a no muss, no fuss kind of experience.  They get a lot of take out orders which keeps them busy, but it will be obvious why the waitress is taking so long when you see the line at the counter. 
BYOB
Sweet potato muffins - 5 stars, have ordered just these without any meat because they are that good
Boudin link - 5 stars, mustard is delicious
Pulled pork - 5 stars, get it with the bun
Ribs - 5 stars, like both the regular and sweet sauce
The only thing hit or miss are the sides.  Some days they are 5 stars and others I won't eat more than one bite.The Brisket! The Mac n' Cheese! Get them! Extremely delicious. Southern BBQ and hospitality at its finest.Oh yes, this place is goooood. Yumm-o. Went tonight, they've been open in this location less than a week. 
I initially judge a BBQ places on their house-made sauce and Saucy's is delicious. Mom and I went. She had the 2 meat plate (chicken and pulled pork) with mac & cheese and cole slaw for sides. I had the pulled pork nachos. We ordered 5 of the sweet potato muffins too. The meats were tasty, juicy, smoky... top it off with their BBQ sauce and you're (literally) in hog heaven. The mac & cheese is clearly homemade which is exactly what you want. The coleslaw was a little meh so maybe we'll pass on that next time. We considered ordering a dozen sweet potato muffins to take with us, but we didn't --- they're really delicious. The only gripe I have were the nachos chips --- they were like those yellow movie theater-style nacho chips; however, the toppings were delicious of course. 
They do not have their liquor license yet, so BYOB of course, which is fine. I assume that will come later. In the tradition of BYOB they'll bring you a bucket of ice for your beverages.
I recommend you check it out. Mom said: "that chicken beast was THE BOMB"... and it really was :) check out Saucy's!!Don't pass this place up, it's a quaint restaurant with a very casual feel and delicious meat! Don't skip on the goat mac n cheese!Great service! The waitress was really friendly and took our orders with a smile. I got the pulled pork sandwich and the portion was HUGE, especially for a 6-7 dollar sandwich. The sandwich itself was delicious with the slaw and would definitely recommend!I might be a barbecue snob (Alabama is my home state and barbecue is a really serious thing there) but this place just isn't good. The sauce is really thin and didn't have much flavor, and the pulled pork was basically cooked down to mush. Seriously, it was gross. 
Everything is served in cheap plastic or styrofoam which is terrible for the environment (can't afford a dish washer? really?) and makes the food seem cheap. The baked beans aren't traditional--they have multiple types of beans in them, so be prepared for that surprise. The mac and cheese was dry. The sweet potato muffin was just weird. Why not cornbread?
While the girls at the register seem to try to make you feel unwelcome, the restaurant itself is cozy and charming. The atmosphere is really cool, very casual with an eclectic mix of vintage items to enjoy while you're waiting for your food to come. 
The hunt for decent barbecue in this city continues...
Note: We did not go to this restaurant during Mardi Gras and plenty of people eat at McDonalds but that doesn't make it good food. Downgrade to one star because of the owner's rant which appears consistent with the attitude of the staff and the lack of care given to the food.Staff was incredibly friendly. Hospitality second to none. 
 The brisket and bleu cheese slider was melt-in-your-mouth tender and with the ample sauce pairing options lead to a symphony of sweet and tangy I have never before encountered in my worldly travels. 
I will return to NOLA if for no other reason to fress at Saucy's BBQSide are great! Had the mac and cheese, and the Asparagus.... yummy! Sauces are
good. Brisket was smoked perfectly.Great little spot on Magazine! You walk in, order at the register and someone brings your food. The brisket is fantastic! The best I've had in the city.  The brisket sandwich is huge and delicious. I also had their grilled asparagus and goat cheese macaroni and cheese---all of which were awesome! If you're looking for a casual dining spot with great food this is definitely for you!A pretty unassuming neighborhood joint we popped into for lunch. The BBQ is GREAT. My favorite Carolina sauce was well represented, and everything we ate was incredibly delicious. I'd return.My husband and I, being from KY are always looking for good bbq. I got iced tea to drink and later found out it was out of a bottle. What bbq restaurant doesn't brew their own iced tea?!  We each got the 2 meat plate. I got the pork and smoked boudin and my husband got the brisket and pork. We each got extra sweet potato muffins and the baked beans and mac and cheese. The bbq sauces are on the side and I wish the waitress would have explained a little about the sauces, they have four different ones. The beans were really good and we liked the macaroni also. I hate mayo and am always glad when a place has more sides than cole slaw or potato salad. The sweet potato muffins were a little tough but the flavor was good. Maybe it was an off day for them. The flavor of the pork and boudin were good and so was the brisket, my husband claimed, though it looked a little dry to me. It's certainly not the best bbq I've had, but possibly the best I've had in New Orleans. I haven't tried McClure's and am looking forward to their opening. My husband and I both agreed we enjoyed our lunch and would return.I have been driving by this new BBQ location for a few weeks now and just finally had the chance to get a taste! Here are some things I love about this place: awesome location (close to my house); just the right size (not to small and not to big - close enough to talk to strangers and have a good time!); great food and awesome sweet tea! 
As a suggestion from Abby (very attentive waitress that was sincerely nice), I ordered the two meat plate with ribs and brisket with slaw and Mac and cheese. The ribs were great (dry ribs) and the brisket was very tender. Would I change a thing or two, maybe! I like to have a good rub on my brisket with a little char, but the meat was so tender that I didn't think about it - I just wanted more! The warmed Fantastic sauce was delicious, a nice tomato/vinegar/spicy mustard base.  They also served some other sauces that were quite good (besides the Fantastic -the Bold stood out to me the most). The coleslaw was a little thin on the dressing, but the Mac and cheese was amazing. 
I will go back often! They have great food and the management/staff make you feel at home! Enjoy!The guys who run this place are simply amazing. Friendly,knowledgeable and serving up great food. In a sea of restaurant choices, you have to pick this place. The patters are large enough for two, the prices are right and the service quick.I've been a fan since they were in Metairie. I don't like beans; never have. Saucy's beans? I would sell you for a pint.   The owners are affable and always pleasant. As for the food, yeah...it is consistently delicious and delightful.We as a group got a little of everything. 
The spicy sausage was phenomenal, but remember when they say spicy, they mean spicy. As a Texan, I've had better brisket but that's not to say this wasn't a good piece of beef. Fat was melted and meat was wet. You'll be happy enough. Their best plate we came across was the pork ribs. They were some of the best ribs I've had around. 
Sauce lovers rejoice. They have a large array of sauces spanning from sweet to vinegar based to hot, hence the name. 
Best barbecue I'e had in New Orleans and will happily return if in need of some good pork while around Uptown.Nice little small spot. Decided to stop in. Good prices and a very friendly environment . It reminded me of someone's grandmas house. I ordered the 2combo Mac n cheese was delicious, very cheesy just the way I like it. The Briskets needed more seasoning and the ribs but the Bold sauce made it better. They have really good BBQ sauces. Not a bad place.I ordered my food, a rib plate and Brisket.  On my trip to the bathroom the kitchen was full of bottles of Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce and microwaves so I thought, aw hell, this can't be a good sign.  Sure enough, it tasted like the meat was boiled and baked, there was no smoky flavor and I had to stop mid-rib cause I felt like I would get sick.  I wanted the sauce to at least be decent since the place was named Saucy's but even that was bad.  How did it win awards????!!!! Don't do it.Tagged along with the wife on her business trip and spent about 5 nights in New Orleans.  
I don't know about most of you but one can only eat so many poboys, etoufee, etc.   Had enough of fried this and that we needed to try something different.  
Looked around for a bbq joint and ended up stopping at saucy's. Quick bus ride from Canal Street and the reviews were good. Also it being Sunday choices were limited since our main mode of getting around was public transportation. 
Really wanted to get the family platter but the wife talked me out of it as she thought it was going to be too much food so we ended up getting some ribs, pulled pork, brisket along with a side of some goat cheese Mac and baked beans. We also got an order of quesadillas 
Overall the food was tasty and the Mac and cheese was excellent. Smoked beans were also very good.  They had several different bbq sauces and they were all good.  The saucy's weren't  thick like the ones you see in a bottle (sweet baby rays) and I liked the fact that the sauces weren't overly sweet.  Another one of the sauce had a slight kick 
As far as service. I thought it was pretty good. The lady that was there was very attentive and kept my lemonade topped off.   She checked in several times.  Another gentleman from the back also checked in with us to make sure we were taken care of.  
I recommend a visit.  It's a short ride from bourbon/canal street. 
Tips: 
get a $3 day pass.  You can ride the bus or tram 24 hours.   
This place is BYOB so bring your fav alcohol. 
Make sure to check in on Yelp  ;) you save 20% off your bill.  (This place was my first Yelp checkin). 
Leave that 20% to the nice lady that's serving your food and topping off your drink.Great BBQ- great prices and nothing was an afterthought- all the sides were top rate and meat was quality. Kids meals were a deal!I came with a friend on a recommendation. It has a great little vibe. I got the alligator sausage amd a few different sides to test out. I really enjoyed them all. 
The place is small, so it can get packed really fast. Be prepared to wait. Other than that it was great.So I am from Tennessee and I have VERY high BBQ standards. 
We tried the pulled pork, alligator sausage, brisket and ribs. It was all sub par. The alligator sausage was actually awful and we couldn't finish it. Also the sweet potato roll thing was too sweet and dry. I tasted all their sauces and I appreciate the variety, but none of them were good. The one highlight is the mac and cheese is good and the beans are awesome. 
I hate to give this place two stars because my server and the manager/owner? was so nice to me, but the BBQ just wasn't good.This is a great BBQ place!  Hands down the best Cajun Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich on the planet!  Get it on the bun and add the southern sweet BBQ sauce!  Service was friendly and fast.  Thanks for a great meal!This place has delicious bar b q. The meat is cooked to perfection, you don't need a knife, the meat dissolves in your mouth. My mouth is watering while writing this post. The brisket nachos are to die for. I have sampled everything on this menu, and have not been disappointed one time.Memorial Day craving barbecue, my husband and I went to Saucy's. The brisket was tender, as well as ribs, meat falling off the bone! The mini sweet potato muffins are a scrumptious sweet to complement their signature vinegar sauce. The only reason I gave them 4/5 stars is that it was really hot to eat in there.Two great sauces, a sweet and a fairly hot. Great pulled pork sandwiches and Mac n goat cheese to die forThe service here is so friendly! Also, their sweet potato muffin is divine! Their ribs and pulled pork are excellent, but the brisket was a bit dry for my taste. The only downside is that the only 'greens' for their side coleslaw. I wish they had some collards!The food was really good, but Danielle the person that too my order over the phone was an idiot. She was very rude & very unprofessional. She should not be in customer service at all.The best bbq ever!!!  Wonderful wait staff and relaxing atmosphere. S/B rated #1 in the City. Thank you Saucy's for a GREAT lunch before flying back to Cali.This is the best BBQ place I have ever eaten at! The owners Gary and Rich go out of their way to make sure you have an amazing experience! The atmosphere is laid back and fun, very easy going. The location is perfectly centralized on Magazine street, with a lot of people watching, but not crowded. Great for hanging out with friends, food and booze! Everything on the menu is outstanding and you can really tell these guys put a lot of love into what they do!A great little barbeque place with great food and good service. The brisket is amazing. Be sure to get the baked beans! Not many tables and can get crowded so go early.BBQ pork, brisket, and chicken plates are the best deals. Comes with 2 side and muffin. Get the macaroni with goat cheese. Great place to hang out with free wifi. Aloha. .Went to Saucy's for lunch with my husband. My parents had said they didn't like it, but some friends of ours said that they loved it. So we went. Overall, it's ok. I got the brisket sandwhich and husband got the pulled pork sandwich. It was ok. Nothing spectacular about it. The sauces you could use tasted a lot like those you can buy at the store. The sweet sauce tasted oddly like Sweet Baby Ray's. 
The boudin was good, but we're pretty sure was Richard's, which also can be bought in the store.
Not able to get a dressed sandwich, only onions and pickles. No bueno. 
It was ok. So I would go again, but not go out of my way to get there.I've been on a BBQ kick ever since I had the brisket at The Joint. I'm on a bit of a mission to taste all of the brisket that I can get my saucy little fingers on. Saucy's has some great brisket and they serve it with horseradish. I've never had it like that, and boy, I didn't know what I was missing out on.  It was a very nice and delicious touch. The brisket is tender and cooked perfectly with lots of flavor. For my sides I chose the potato salad and the baked beans. I liked both, but neither were anything to write home about. 
Service was good...no complaints there. The place is pretty small and a tad divey, but that adds to it's charm. On the table there were four different sauces to chose from and I sampled them all and they were pretty good.
Yay! Another great BBQ place in Nola!Such delightful service!!! Genuinely cares about customers. BBQ is great but if you don't order the goat mac and cheese you're wasting everyone's time! Favorite quick lunch when I'm in a rush at work.Saucy's is always wonderful. Great food, great owner and great atmosphere. Really fantastic ribs and pulled pork sandwiches.I haven't had the time to order anything other than a couple of sandwiches from Saucy's but my experience has been encouraging.  
The buns were fresh, the pulled pork was very good, very tender and moist.  I liked the cole slaw but they also serve a pulled pork sandwich with bleu cheese dressing on the slaw.  Nice combination but a little more bleu cheese, please.
Sandwiches are about $8 each and the menu includes brisket, chicken and smoked sausage.  
Attentive staff and a nice location on Magazine, with some outdoor tables available.  It's very good to have a bbq place in the neighborhood.