Absolutely beautiful place!  It totally feels like you're in Paris. The drinks are really good, as are the snackies they bring you. A great place to start your New Orleans adventure.We wanted to follow tradition.
Down the elevator, to the lobby. Door pops open, and across the way: historic Sazerac Bar ( too bad the basement Cave of erstwhile Grunewald was flooded out in Katrina).
One Sazerac and one Ramos Gin Fizz, please. Wonder if Henry Ramos was a bartender who once worked here?
This bar opens late. Love the wood inlay everywhere, and 1930's art murals: one side of room depicting slave life; the other, the bourgeois. Historic.
Fun watching bartender prep my meringue-like drink. Prices run $14-16 here. Wonder how many big power plays and large deals were cinched thusly. Cool experience. Lucky us; able to grab a table.A polished curvy bar made with African walnut, Sinatra playing in the background.  Soft lights glow over paintings by Paul Ninas and then dances on the tile floor to only be met by the glow that illuminates the mirror back bar with etched glass panel situated in the center.  The bartender in a white coat and tie brings over a drink, nothing fruity, neon or with an umbrella but a true classic. The Original Sazerac, the traditional cocktail of New Orleans: 
- Sazerac Rye Whiskey 
- Peychaud's Bitters
- Sugar cube
- Lemon Peel
- Absinthe Rinsed glass
It is strong and burns.  The good kind of burn letting your taste buds know of the citrus, smoke, vanilla and anise that is not too sweet and not too sharp.  A perfectly balanced package.  As you sip your cocktail you take in the elegant space around you, you take in the class, you take in the deco, you take yourself to a different time.The Roosevelt hotel is one of my favorite places to come when I am town. And also the Sazerac Bar has been one of our favorites. But TONIGHT my opinion has changed. The bartender was ok, he wasn't as friendly and accommodating as others have been. The major problem overall was a blonde haired girl who was working the bar tables. We sat down and as she passed by I asked if she could take the glasses (there were 5 of them) that were on the table from the previous guests. And also if she could refresh the tray of snacks. She abruptly removed the drinks and snacks and said nothing. Then came back and slammed the "new" tray of snacks on the table. The whole time she attended to the tables surrounding us but never once came and asked if we would like another drink, which we would have purchased several other drinks if given the opportunity! We absolutely loved this bar and now unfortunately will not return or recommend due to the way we were treated. I understand If someone was rude and this is how she acted, but I can't imagine anyone being more respectful due to my family having experience in the restaurant business for 15+ years.Welcome to the original sazarac bar of New Orleans. I came to Sazarac bar after discovering the sazarac drink on my recent trip to New Orleans. Rumor has it that the Roosevelt was the place where this delicious drink was created. 
The place was packed in the middle of the day on a Saturday. We found a tiny area to squeeze in on a couch in the corner. The waitress came and took our order -- three sazaracs please. 
The drinks were delicious, but overpriced. Though, I guess you can charge whatever you want when you crate this delicious drink. 
Come for the experience and leave after one drink.I've been to the Sazerac twice since it's reopened. The first on New Year's Eve - it was loud and crowded and had a great energy. Everyone was dressed to the nines.  The second this past Tuesday - the middle of  hot-and-humid August and much more subdued, but not dull. Even though these visits are on opposite ends of the spectrum, both satisfied what I was looking for - a nod to the classic New Orleans tradition past generations enjoyed. (Not suggesting that this is a bar for grandparents.) 
But it is a place where you can expect to see sophisticated people taking advantage of the cocktail hour or the last stop before bed. Call it swanky if you like, though I've never thought of it as snotty or pretentious. It definitely has a "vintage" and elegant atmosphere suited to an evening of good conversation over good drinks with good friends.  Or in my case this Tuesday - strong drinks with fun parents....Sazerac is the hotel bar of the Waldorf Astoria, and it has the swank atmosphere of a classic, 20's era high end vintage bar. Decor is art deco. Two Americana murals adorn the walls on either side of wide bar. Bartenders wear white tux jackets. Waitresses are in little black dresses. 
Jay Gatsby and crew would take their absinthe there. Holly Golightly would prowl for rich tricks. Hemingway would seek advice from the bartenders. If you'd like a nice oasis from the tacky camp of the festival season, escape to the Sazerac. 
Get the namesake drink. It is an all liquor cocktail, a whiskey-based mildly liquorice accented drink. 
Easily one of the most unique watering holes in the country. A must visit for the epicure.Sarah is an excellent waitress. She waits on me and my guests excellently each time we visit. Sadly, I've moved away from her area. :-(
When you visit, definitely order a French Martini from Sarah & make sure she includes those delicious gourmet cherries. You'll thank me!The cocktails here are good, but this joint is fancy in a stuffy, self-important way.  If you're someone who has the ability to enjoy a good dive bar, your BS alarm will go off here.  In the pursuit of great cocktails, you're better off going to Empire or Bar Tonique.  
But this joint was one block from where I was staying, and for that I was thankful.True love. 
Decked out in gorgeous wood, with soft lighting and well-groomed bartenders this place is fit for a Waldorf-Astoria hotel. 
The sazerac I tried was phenomenal and the bar chips and nuts were just as memorable. 
The hotel itself had literally decked the halls - it was completely flooded in white twinkle lights for Christmas and it was quite the sight.
It loses a star because the bartenders were generally attentive, but it still took some effort to get their attention and I never did get to ask what kind of chips they served.The Sazerac Bar is housed inside the Waldorf Astoria Roosevelt Hotel. The lobby of the hotel is stunning! And the bar itself has a cool 1920's vibe to it, and the drinks are good.
The Sazerac is the official drink of New Orleans, so I had to try one, and what better place to try one than at the bar that has its name? Although the drink was good, the best Sazerac I had during my stay in New Orleans was at the Boruban O Bar on the corner of Orleans and Bourbos St.
I'd still recommend checking out this bar, if you like having a drink in style.We were oh so excited to go to the Sazerac bar that it was our first stop on our trip after a lovely dinner at MiLa across the street. 
I, of course, ordered the Sazerac, which was worth every sip. The Gin Fizz with the plume of fluffy egg white is seriously impressive and quite a site to watch when poured. You can just feel the history of the place, and the lighting and murals really create an atmosphere.
Worth the trip and the price tag.Just what I was looking for. What a great room and great drinks. It's unfortunate that the crowd was drunk and boorish. I would say that this is place to come with a friend or group. The staff was very nice and the room  is beautiful. It was a little off-putting to see beer served in plastic cups, but then agains, this is the land of the "go cup."Th ambiance is nice, reminds me of a speakeasy which is a fun different place in crazy party New Orleans,  the drinks are pretty expensive at $15 for a sazerac which was just okay.I knew one of the drinks I must try while in NOLA was a Sazerac, so what better place to go than the Sazerac Bar. Located inside the beautiful Waldorf Astoria hotel, the bar is dark and elegant. Bartenders are sharply dressed, but impersonal and inattentive. 
I sat at the bar because I wanted to take in the full experience and enjoy watching the mixologist at work. It took forever to even get a menu. Each bartender had their "space" to mix, so the person taking your order could be mixing your drink on the opposite end of the bar which is what happened to me.
We also noticed other people around us getting bar snacks, but none for us. After watching several gin fizzes being made, I was tempted to order one, but since no one ever bothered to ask if we needed anything else, I just left. Two drinks, $27.
It looked like the table service was slightly better, but with overpriced drinks and subpar service, I don't plan on returning. There are too many other bars in NOLA to try out.Sazarac bar is located in a very fancy hotel. Make sure you dress appropriately because we definitely did not.
The dress code isn't enforced since I also saw others wearing shorts, however, it helps to add to the ambiance if you play your part.
I had a gin fizz here and thought it was well made! My only nitpick is that the sofa was uncomfortably high but of course, it is just a nitpick.Swanky place, not so swanky people.  Not that I mind, makes the people watching more interesting.
All in all, I tried the mint julep, sazerac, and the ramos gin fizz.  I was honestly most impressed with the gin fizz.  I wasn't really sure what to expect (though I've had egg white drinks before, something about knowing that I'm drinking egg gives me a mental block).  That being said, this thing knocked my socks off.  It honestly tasted like a refreshing, minty, citrusy milkshake.  I'm not sure how else to describe it.  Really, go try it.  I've never ever had a drink like it before and will definitely be back for another the next time I'm in town.
PS. They bring out little snack bowls of trail mix and peanuts and pretzels and what not while you're there as well (: +1 in my bookGood atmosphere. Old school feeling, with wood panels. They provide some bar snacks (peanuts, chips, and oriental mix). Had to have the Sazerac - which was pretty good.Our bartender was friendly and helpful. He made delicious drinks - I got a Cajun cocktail which was off menu and recommended based on what I like. I tried the sazerac signature drink which was totally deserving of the hype. 
Lighting is dim and music is low and the atmosphere is cool and classy. Seating can be tough depending on when you go and how many people you go with. Even still, it's worth a visit!Good spot for a drink.  We arrived around 1:00am on a Thursday night and it was a quite dead by then.  However, the cocktails were solid and the bartender was hot.  The decor was a little too stuffy and old fashioned for my tastes.Bad service. Waited 10 minutes at the bar with the bartenders ignoring us. Had to get our own menus from other tables. Ended up leaving without getting drinks. Don't come here. Not worth the $16 cocktails for such poor service.Went out of our way to visit this gorgeous turn-of-the-century bar in the Roosevelt (now the Waldorf). I wanted to go to the birthplace of the drink. I of course had the sazerac which was excellent. It just didn't feel worth going out of our way for. Beautiful decor. Bar is tiny and hard to find a seat at 4:30pm. Service was so-so.I had high expectations coming into this place. Lets talk about the name, Sazerac Bar, the 'official drink of the New Orleans.' So naturally I would order a Sazerac, it was ok, not enough pechauds and instead of washing the glass with Herbsaint they cut corners by using a spray bottle. Sorta nit picking here but if you are calling yourself Sazerac why cut corners just for the volume? Also why only two ryes to pick from? The regular sazerac and the Thomas Handy are great products but there are so many other Ryes out there which can make delicious Sazeracs with. Over all the Ambiance was a 5, Service was a 4 (often felt like they were talking down to me though), and the drinks were over priced.Great bartenders and amazing atmosphere. This place definately feels like you've stepped back in time to a more sophisticated era. Worth visiting.Enjoyed spending a few hours here with friends. Nice atmosphere with great drinks. Went around 1 PM so not too busy.With many options in New Orleans, the Sazerac Bar is  standout with its classic old New Orleans feel and quality mixed drinks. The drink orders included the Sazerac, Manhattan, Kentucky Colonel, and Cuba Libre. All drinks were well made and still being talked about at the close of the night. Context: the Sazerac Bar was our first stop. 
The only downside was the noise level. With a group that was trying to catch up, we had to yell at each other or lean in for the entire visit.Beautiful bar, delicious drinks, but way too crowded! If I'm spending $15+ per drink, I don't want to have to elbow my way to the bar and then stand around in a huge, noisy crowd. This place just didn't have the vibe I was expecting for a nice hotel bar. No music, no seats. The few available couches and chairs were completely full, and the bar itself lacked seating. Really a shame for the potential it has.
That said, service was surprisingly good. The bartenders were doing their best, considering what they had to deal with.
If you're looking for a quiet, classy place to grab a fancy cocktail, I'd look elsewhere. We finished our drinks quickly and took off immediately.We stayed at The Roosevelt so obviously we had to try this place! I'm glad we did because I had one of the best drinks I've ever had in my life. We came here two nights in a row for post dinner cocktails. 
We ordered:
- Sazerac
- Silver Water Cooler
- POG Daiquiri Slammer
- Ramos Gin Fizz
Highlight: THE RAMOS GIN FIZZ. The texture was smooth and frothy. It tasted like a lighter, liquid version of key lime pie, as odd as that sounds. It was delicious and I would come back to New Orleans just to have this drink one more time! 
The interior was a bit disappointing as I was expecting it to be darker and more "jazzy" but still very nice with a lot of seating and tables. The service is quick as well so it doesn't take long to get a drink and relax.A piece of history! A piece of Cocktail history!
Sazerac Bar & Restaurant is on my must visit list during my Weekend in New Orleans. 
I tried both the Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz. This is the first Ramos Gin Fizz I had during my trip and I have to say this is the best one I had, creamy and smooth and easy to drink!  And not surprisingly to know that  Roosevelt Hotel group trademarked the drink name in 1935 and still makes it today.
I will be back to Sazerac just for their Gin Fizz!At around $14 each, these cocktails are not cheap. But the bar and environs are gorgeous. Go to splurge for a round. The gin fizz is truly unique. The titular cocktail is less distinguished. Old fashioned will hit you hard. Really kind, thoughtful servers that make you feel at home even if you're in shorts and t-shirts.Hands down my favorite bar experience of all time. I'm pretty picky about my cocktails and I love an old school bartender that mixes fabulous concoctions. Our bartender was amazing! We of course had to start off with a Sazarec and it was the best one I've had in New Orleans!! New I went with an Old Fashioned- my go to drink- this one didn't disappoint and now all Old Fashioned's I drink are being compared  to that one. Amazing!! We topped off the night with a Ramos Gin Fizz. Must get this!!!!! It is so fun to watch them make and it is light and creamy. So good!!!! If you love a mixology bar GO!!!Excellent cocktails poured with care and craftsmanship! We really enjoyed the Sazerac, Gin Fizz and Old Fashion.Sazeracs are good, the other stuff is alright, but the service is really nice. Sarah was great and tolerated our group more than we probably deserved.HANDS DOWN my favorite bar in all of New Orleans.  AMAZING drinks.  I loved it so!
The service and drinks were amazing, the bar is indescribably beautiful.  
The bar alone made me wish I were alive in the thirties, with my little cocktail dress and curled hair drinking some prosecco with a handsome gentleman.  Sigh...The Sazerac Bar in one word-swanky. I would definitely say that this is more of an upscale bar. I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance of this bar. Very laid back, dim lighting, seating at the bar and couch and chair seating away from the bar.
Their signature drinks are great. The French 75, The Sazerac, and The Southern Gentlemen were very good. They also have an extensive list of whiskies and bourbons here along with a great red wine selection. 
If you are looking for a nice upscale bar with great signature drinks, this is your place.There's a lot to like about the Sazerac Bar. Ambience is great and old South murals are classic. And of course the namesake cocktail is well made. Two strikes though for  the grossly over-priced wine list.I love this place! It just has such a classy old timey feeling to it. And it is by far the best hotel bar I have ever been too! The bartenders take pried in making your drink. Yes, it make take a few minutes for them to make something for you, but it's well worth with wait. 
Every drink I have ever had here has been delicious. On a nice night, pick up a cigar and grab a drink to go from the bar and head up to the pool on the 5th floor. Sitting in a lounge chair, drinking a sazerac, and smoking a cigar......what an awesome idea!The Sazerac is very fitting with the hotel's decor and atmosphere.  You feel transported back in time to the 20s or 30s upon entering.  Its dimly lit with low playing music, perfect for a seated conversation with great drinks.  The menu options range from classic cocktails to modern, we sampled some of each.  The bartender was very friendly and quite fast given he was the only one working the early evening we stopped in.  If the bar is your scene, then this one is not to be missed while in New Orleans.During Tails of the Cocktail, we stopped in the Hotel Roosevelt at the Sazerac Bar and were not disappointed one bit.  The hotel itself is a step back to the prohibition era of gilded surfaces, ornate scroll-work, stone floors, and one really amazing perpetual clock.  Just walking in I was impressed, and I hadn't even seen the bar yet.
Stunning.  Simply stunning.  This is the kind of bar that makes me nostalgic, especially as a bartender, to step back in time and watch the craft being performed.  Bartenders in white apothecary jackets whipping up drinks to cure what ails you, then and now, is an awesome look.  The bar has history everywhere.  The massive silver trophy cup behind the bar, the bullet hole left in the bar to form a conversation piece, and historical markers to describe it all- you can't find that in other places.  Its been created year after year of operation, not overnight.
The story of the Sazerac is a great one, but not one I will go into here.  Come by the bar and ask, or look around online.  Its quintessentially American and part of who we are as a drinking culture.  The options available here are vast with cocktails, but whatever you settle upon, the deep wrap-around couches, warm earth tones and hard woods, spacious bar top, and high ceilings beckon you to drink in a piece of history that generations have and hopefully will continue to enjoy.  A must on a tour of drinking culture in New Orleans.Struggling to give it one star. Service by both the bar staff and the hostess was.non existant. I stood at the bar for about 5 minutes while three Barney stood at one end talking. I eventually asked the bar back is anyone was working. When he told them I was waiting for service one grudgingly came over. When we were looking for a second drink the hostess finally had to be waved at to come over and she was only serving one table. I had even pushed the empty glasses to the side of the table. Noisy, hard to talk. Not relaxing. Pity.I'd better see The Sazerac inside the pearly gates or I'll take the express trolley down below.  If you want a taste of life a hundred years ago then take a detour from the many modern abominations flooding the streets of the Quarter and step inside the Roosevelt.  A lovely spot to try excellent cocktails which invoke another era, like the new Orlean's original, the Sazerac, invented in 1850 or so.  A Sazerac generally contains two ounces of rye whiskey (or Congac), bitters, 1 cube of sugar and absinthe making a potent but very fine drink.   Also, try the Ramos Gin Fizz which is another New Orleans original and a total knockout for the gin drinker.  And they also offer many other special concoctions of their own which are delightful.  The bartenders and atmosphere are unreplicated in the rest of New Orleans so if you prefer a bit of history and a large dash of elegance instead of mass quantities, then it's well worth stopping in.  Order a Grasshopper for dessert.Old fashioned ambience and it was packed.
The bartenders were friendly but professional.enjoyed them making the drinks too!
The Sazerac is a classic!!The Roosevelt is the absolutely gorgeous Waldorf Astoria hotel in New Orleans. The Sazerac bar in it is fantastic. You can't help but feel elegant here. The whole thing has the feel of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel. Muneezeh accompanied me here, but she was still reeling from Hurricane's and hand greandes past. With the jazzy atmosphere though, you don't need a drink to feel cool.
The bar is beautiful made from an "African walnut" supposedly. But the people behind it were't nearly as polished. We hit a perfect time, with only about 7 people in the whole place on a weekday afternoon. Still, we couldn't get decent service. It took a good 15 minutes to get her attention to place an order. I understand that a great cocktail takes some time to make, but come on.
The cocktail itself was everything I'd hoped. Strong rye, absinthe lined, bitters and sugar proportioned perfectly, lemon peel garinsh (though it was a little limp hanging there, bartendress).
I will go back next time I'm there and hope that I was wrong with only 3 stars. All it will take is competent service and I will gladly add to that.Great bar all around (although much of the clientele is not my age), but even if it totally fell apart, I would totally keep coming back if only to have the Ramos Gin Fizz. That drink = crack. The first time I ever had that drink was the beginning of my obsession with gin and egg whites. Also, watching them make it is oh so entertaining.Great cocktail bar and of course the Sazerac is outstanding!  Also had a good old fashioned.  Atmosphere is very throwback cocktail bar from an earlier 40's to Mad Men era.If you're in New Orleans you gotta have a Sazerac right ?! And if you're gonna have a Sazerac, you gotta come here. Right?! So I did. By reputation, I knew about the Art Deco mural on the wall. The place feels like a throwback. Like something from the roaring '20's. It's kinda cool. Located in a hotel lobby's commercial area it fits right in. Low lighting made it a bit too dark for me, but it works. Because its in a hotel though and it's famous, the place is popular....and loud....and gets everyday people, tourists, folks who don't quite fit the more elegant grandiose look of the place.Takes away from things a bit. For me at least. It was also disturbingly loud when I was there (both times). I get that it was past midnight and drinks were served, but that noise when you're trying to enjoy and savor this classic New Orleans drink? Buzz kill. The drink itself is wonderful. A real connoisseur will appreciate it. They also make an Old Fashion and it's variant the Fall Fashion. Both sounded great. Overall, classy place that anyone can come to. Want a little different bar experience. Come here. Classic.This is classic cocktailing all the way. The bartenders were friendly-ish. They are serious about getting the drinks out so they don't really engage with you all that much. Perhaps it was because we were there on a Thursday night but I understand. The Gin Fizz is a blast to watch the bartenders do their thing. I had the Sazerac and it was delicious. I now judge all Sazerac's by the one I had here. The drinks run in the $15-$17 a throw. Not inexpensive but with the service and ambiance this is what the going rate seems to be. I really enjoyed the hour that I spent at the Roosevelt.This bar was exactly what I was expecting from a bar in the Roosevelt: beautiful, over-priced and full of older patrons.  I really can't complain about the quality of the drinks.  They were good, but certainly not the best I've had in New Orleans.
I expect quite a lot from the bartenders at a bar of this quality, and left a little disappointed.  Our bartender made great conversation with the couple next to us, but didn't even bother to chat us up, even after that couple left.  Perhaps he thought he'd be able to get a better tip out of them?  My husband ordered a Japanese Cocktail, which he only orders at classy upscale bars because only seasoned bartenders of the highest quality seem to know how to make the drink, but our bartender had no clue.  When my husband told him how to make it, the bartender said they don't carry orgeat, one of the main ingredients.  I was a little surprised by that.  Also, when I ordered a gin and soda, he seemed to turn his nose up at me for not ordering something more refined.
I definitely wouldn't return here.  It just isn't worth the extra money.Hotel bar had never been that appealing to me, mostly because I don't always travel in style and stayed in five-star hotels, but Sazerac Bar has redefined the experience for me, and I kinda like it
Having coming off a cocktail tour on Bourbon Street, we were trying to stick to something strictly NOLA, which were Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz, two of the obvious choices if we want to do what Roman, I mean, New Orlean, do.
The water come in a glass decanter, and cocktails serve with some snacks, and servers were attentive but not hovering; for a few moments, we felt like we were one of the riches, just came from the Zurich Classic, have a glasses or two, talking about how much we think the sun over the green in hole 17 was a bit over-bearing. Okay, so maybe not that obnoxious.If you're going to be a tourist in a touristy place, then you can't complain about the touristy prices. This place however, is worth the up charge. It is very classy little Lounge that tends to be frequented by moneyed  folks - - but not necessarily. You wouldn't be overdressed if you were wearing a suit and tie - - but you would look like a total tool if you showed up in a T-shirt and some ripped jeans. Despite the location, locals actually do come here when they want a classy place to enjoy a quality cocktail. The old fashioned is quite stiff and is easily stronger than your average bourbon cocktail. You will probably be feeling it halfway through the drink. This staff is very courteous and they give you the 5 Star Treatment at a fair price.Good place for after dinner drinks.  A little on the over priced.  Still nice quiet place to chill.I've been to the Sazarac a number of times since it reopened in the Roosevelt Hotel, and my impressions are generally positive.  For starters, they do make a very, very good Sazarac.  Their other mixed drinks, particularly the Ramos Ginn Fizz, are excellent. Also, the snack mix provided is addictive. 
However, what's really wonderful about the Sazarac is the atmosphere. It's definitely one of the most beautiful bars in New Orleans.  The seating is comfortable, the bartenders are straight-laced and well-mannered -- it really is kind of like taking a step back into the 1930's.
Now there are couple of reasons I'm taking off a star.  First, the drinks are expensive.  I think they're worth it, but your mileage may vary. Secondly, there was one time I went to the Sazarac when they were using an untested bartender who made absolutely awful drinks. Everything was wrong.  That has never happened again, but that's inexcusable in this caliber of bar.  
Overall, one of the finest bars in New Orleans. I will definitely return again and again.Super classy, old school bar! No frills, just traditional strong drinks. We got the famous sazerac and tasted the gin fizz, both were amazing! Definitely make a trip if you're in the area!Apparently this is where the Sazerac got invented. That's pretty cool. 17 bucks per mediocre drink, however, makes this place not worth going back to.It was my first time having a Sazerac and quite possibly I had the best already. If you haven't had the chance yet.. it is a little similar to Old Fashioned but still different. More on the bold side. The bar itself is best described by the alliteration..Creative, Classy Cozy and Compulsory!!Come here for the sazerac - properly done with cognac. 
Stay for the people watching? Do whatever you want afterwards. 
Their sazerac is fairly solid, although I chuckled at their somewhat predictable cognac choice. Table service was friendly.
Crowd skews oldish.Hey bartender...! I don't know what to look at more, these sharp looking bartenders in white coats or the gorgeous decor of the hotel. This hotel is just a quick walk from the canal street car line so a night out on the town is very accessible! The drinks are yummy and the atmosphere is romantic and elegant. During Christmas they serve up some holiday specialties that are sure to impress. During the holidays it is especially busy with this being a top spot to meet up to see the lights and meet your friends at the bar. The bartenders are very polite, the seats are super comfortable and the ambience is to die for. Bring your friends, date or even your boss and coworkers!Have wanted to come here for a bit and on my 3rd trip to NOLA made it. I am sooo happy I discovered the sidecar like two days before and ordered it various places around town with varying results - then ordered one here. It was likely the "one" that all others should be compared too- its like having your 1st good steak after eating Sizzler all your life. Light bulb goes on "oh!" Wish I could speak for anything else other than atmosphere ( likey if you like old school) but we just stuck to the one drink. 
Bartender was of the "mixologist" type- this is not a dig, rather a compliment for a great drink that was well made.Having friends in town gave us the justification to check out The Sazerac Bar in the Roosevelt Hotel, and I need to gush over it for a moment. If you haven't been, I strongly recommend at least walking through to get a look at it. 
I was awed by the aesthetics and the drinks were fantastic. I had the southern gentleman - maker's mark and pure cane syrup poured over muddled blackberries and mint - although it was hard to choose as all drinks on the well-appointed list looked interesting. Service was great. You truly do feel like you've stepped back in time and the lighting and atmosphere give it an eerie Overlook Hotel vibe. Check it out!Rude, Grotesquely Expensive, Shitay Service....and I don't mean that in a good way. 
Being someone who prides himself on quintessential drinks (ie. Glass @ Opus One in Napa, Bloody Mary @ the King Cole Bar in NYC, Dublin Dr. Pepper in Dublin, Texas) I thought the Sazerac was going to be my crowning experience.  I mean these are all Mr. Button drinks. 
Enter, Sazerac Bar at The Roosevelt in New Orleans....that was the sound of our great night coming to a screeching halt.   
What a let down. I can see why the rest of Louisiana's legislature threatened to resign if this bar's drink became the official cocktail of Louisiana.   After a few minutes here, I would rather cast my vote for any drive-thru daiquiri shop...with the straw on the side of course.This was a nice escape from a busy, loud bar environment.  I liked the old, dark and upscale feel.  The gin fizz was recommended and I'm so glad my friend and I ordered this because it was amazing!  It's really worth getting although it comes with a hefty price.Can't really add much more to what others have written. Came here for a drink on a recent Sunday evening, after dinner at Domenica. Had to try the two standards, of course--a Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz--as well as an Old-Fashioned. I'm not a cocktail guy, but they were all excellent.
Overall, the bar was bigger than I had anticipated--I liked the cozier and more dimly-lit atmosphere of Arnaud's French 75 Bar better--but drinks were exemplary and service superb.If you are ever dining anywhere around the famed Roosevelt Hotel, making a stop at the Sazerac Bar is a must. Its one of the best real old school bars in the city serving some of the most famous drinks of today and days gone by. Great place to sit with friends and have drinks or to stop in and people watch. One of the venerable parts of this amazingly historical hotel.The Sazerac is such an elegant bar. 
I suggest the Ramos gin fizz. Great place to have birthday drinksFun and delicious drinks- but CRAZY high prices. Good for every once in a while but not somewhere I would go regularly.Lived in New Orleans for the first 23 years of our lives. Moved away years ago. On this return visit, we decided to finally drink a Sazarac at the Roosevelt Hotel. The drink was unique and tasty. We recommend the plain old Sazarac over the 1840 Sazarac, which contains Cognac instead of whiskey. The bar itself is plush and ritzy-looking, but the staff are quire friendly and accommodating. This is a good place to have conversation with relaxed people from around the country as well as possibly the world. And you can get just about anything your heart desires in the way of alcoholic beverages--not just Sazaracs. Be forewarned: Sazaracs, and drinks in general, are very expensive here.Rebecca's knowledge in making drinks is incredible!!!   A must have upscale bar/lounge to visit!!!When in NOLA, have the famous drink! Not bad, they also make a gin fizz that is fun to watch them make.  The service at the tables is a little slow, but the bartenders are real pros, and have some great info about the paintings in the bar.  The  atmosphere is very old world, what a great place!!Good drinks, good service. Not a bad spot to grab a drink and sit on nice comfy couches!The drinks were a bit overpriced. The crowd when we got there was insanely loud and annoying (as was the music for a while). Eventually the crowd thinned, the music mellowed, and the drink kicked in. After that, had a quint 20's vibe.A classy, cool bar in a comfortable environment.  Some bars in New Orleans have drink lists that are pages long but the consistency varies widely.  The drink list is smaller here, but what they do, they do extremely well.  It is a lot of fun to watch the bartenders make the drinks, they are very personable, and happy to talk to you about drinks, business, life, etc.   For me, this is a perfect place to have a night-cap.I stayed at the Waldorf for my birthday and decided to get a drink since the cafe and lounge were both closed. My boyfriend and I walked in and sat at the bar. There were 2 bartenders. After about 15 minutes neither of them approached us, even though the room was relatively empty. Finally after another few minutes I decided to be more aggressive in getting their attention. I said "excuse me, we'd like some help." And one of the bartenders came over. We asked for our drinks and as he brought them over he asked if we wanted to pay for them or open a tab. My boyfriend gave him $30 and he never came back to bring us change or offer any additional service. We felt discriminated against. We didn't receive the same treatment as the other 3 couples at the bar. The bartenders talked to them, gave them attention and served them complimentary nuts. I wish I didn't go into the bar so that I never had to experience the rudeness and racism. 
We ordered 2 non-alcoholic drinks and I'm sure they didn't cost $15 each. Sitting in a room of 3 white couples and 2 white bartenders, and not receiving any type of help, it was pretty obvious that we were un-welcomed guest.The Sazerac Bar in the glorious Roosevelt Hotel is a place I highly suggest visiting while in NOLA. Enjoy the glamorous Deco setting without any pretentiousness. Matt is our favorite mixologist. He knows his stuff and makes you feel at home with his easy, welcoming demeanor. His drinks are on point!I came to Sazerac Bar on a personal Sazerac bar crawl and was met with great service and great cocktails to match. Bryson is a great bartender who listens to your tastes and suggests great drinks to match what you're looking for. I had a Cocktail la Louisianne to start and a Southern Gentlemen next. Both cocktails were excellent. I will come back for the Gin Fizz with my better half can join me. This is a great place for anybody visiting to stop. Ask for Bryson.We locals know the Sazerac is a longtime favorite here in Nola. The redone bar is stunningly as gorgeous as the lobby! Everyone I bring here for..yes..you guessed..A Sazerac cocktail enjoys the drink as well as the atmosphere!The perfect start to a long weekend in New Orleans. The hotel is fancy & the bar is beautiful. Dim, quiet, elegant- complete opposite of what came later. We each had a sazerac- $17 per drink. Good, but you ca get a sazerac cheaper elsewhere (Luke's in the CBD or Napolean House in the FQ). Go for the atmosphere.Great cocktails, but pricey. Get the feeling you are in a private club. It was good to get away from crazy Bourbon Street.Inside the stunning Roosevelt, this iconic bar serves up A+ cocktails and has so much to see. The architecture walking up to the hotel is spectacular, with a gorgeous upscale lobby and the epitome of Art Deco throughout the bar. This is a timeless bar with unmatched service. Upon entering, my fiancee and I were immediately offered ice cold water (very thankful after walking NOLA in June) some great little snacks and a drink menu was shared. The menu has some classics and modern cocktails, with a full lineup of beer and wine as well. 
I went with the original Sazerac. Who doesn't go for a Saz at the Saz? My fiancee got an Old Fashioned. Our two tenders were both very friendly - we had some great conversation while the drinks were prepared but they were not intrusive. We enjoyed our time there, felt very relaxed, and overall had an enjoyable experience. I ended my night with a neat Weller 12, which is by far the best bang for your buck at the bar. Overall, it is pricey, but you're not just drinking a cocktail, you should be sipping and soaking in the entire environment from its patrons, to historic items, to the murals, and of course, the bullet hole....
One of my all-time favorites!The world's first mixed drink was served here way back in the day. Gotta check  that out right. It's in the Waldorf Astoria so its gonna be expensive but if you have to ask "how much" then get the hell out of here.  Sweet old school style bar with booths, chairs, and a long bar. Packed for sure but got a couple Sears at the bar. Went with the places namesake the Sazerac. Whiskey, absinthe, sugar cube, lemon peel. Sweet and strong but good. Easy drink. Probably could put down a bunch if you don't pay attention.I loved the feel of this charming, old-school hotel bar. It was absolutely beautiful and it felt like you entered another decade when you walked in. Came here on a Sunday morning, which is of course the perfect time for cocktails! I tried both a sazarac, as well as their take on an old fashioned. The sazarac was excellent, but the old fashioned was just okay. Honestly, at a classic cocktail bar like this, I would have preferred a classic old fashioned to the one on their menu, which had a more modern twist and was a bit too sweet. Overall, a gorgeous bar though, with a clearly knowledgeable bartender. Definitely worth checking out for a drink!