Portions were way too small and food too aberage for the price.  Though the space was amazing.  I just can't recommend it.My absolute FAVORITE restaurant in New Orleans.  I traveled to the city twice for work in a span of a month and stopped in each time.  I have sat at the oyster bar and a table, perfectly quaint each time.  The snapper was delish, the service was fast and the atmosphere was lovely.
I was there during the winter so I didn't get a chance to sit on the patio but I did take a peek out there and it looked idyllic.Review for oysters and cocktails. Both were great. Good selection of oysters east/west coast and gulf. Will definitely be back again soon.I loved the atmosphere of this place, it is very laid back! The drinks were great, staff was very friendly and the food was really good. Plates are small but have a fair price, the only thing that was kind of pricey were the oysters. highly recommend the ceviche and pork belly!Forget it!  We had reservations and were promptly ignored upon arrival. I'm not sure if the hostess spoke English since she hardly acknowledged our presence. After waiting 30 minutes by the hostess stand we left when a couple arrived with no reservation and were told that their table was being prepared. This is New Orleans. Too many great restaurants with great service to tolerate such horrible disrespect.Deeeeelicious fish. Perfectly cooked, delicate sauce. Yummy cocktails. Everything was gluten-free friendly and the server was helpful in recommending food for the celiac, and super sweet in general. Would definitely come back!Omg. Do not get seafood except a few oysters. 3 from Louisiana and 3 from east coast. Pork belly and burgers are amazing. Go for happy hour. A Sazerac with Absinthe on the side: OMG!  The decor is REAL. Not hipster!  Keep the secret. Great!Stumbled upon this lovely place. I was just up for some drinks and man did they have good drinks! Staff are super friendly and ambience is nice. Highly recomended.One of the best meals I have had in a while.  Good, service, atmosphere was all on point!!!
Check out this little jewel in the CBD!!!Seaworthy was a generally positive experience for my dinner party. First, the drinks really fell short. The combinations offered were novel and I wasn't sure I would like them. The others in the group wanted to try the concoctions featured. When asked for a test or if we didn't like would we be able change the order, we were told no they couldn't take it back. We'd need to purchase the alternative. So I switched standard drink. Others ordered what they thought was what was pictured on the website or sounded good. Everyone found the drinks not good at all. Several teaspoonful of simple syrup and they were drinkable. Drinks were a one in my book.  However the appetizer made up for the drinks. All were excellent. They were fresh and not overly seasoned. The grouper was my choice of main course and it was excellent.  The desserts are limited but I enjoyed my expresso flavored brûlée. It was about 50-50 on liking the desserts. Service was slow. Waitress was over worked and very quiet. She was slow to offer suggestions. However she had many tables. It's a historical venue and we loved it. The atmosphere was nice but I'd suggest you ask to sit upstairs. We initially were sit downstairs in the bar. The table was too small and noises. We asked to move and it wasn't busy so we enjoyed the evening much more. Food is great! I'd go back but I won't be drinking.Spectacular. Great space, great staff, amazing food. Everything was done to perfection. Maybe the best fried oysters ever. Just amazing.Excellent menu, both for food and cocktails, bartender was attentive and quick...oysters were very tasty-ceviche as well. Decor was cool and vibe inside was comfortable.  Will definitely come back.Delicious food, yummy cocktails, great staff, flexible with last minute walk ins. Definitely recommend!
My husband and I went to get a late (about 11pm), last minute dinner here last night. Cocktails were so good and so was the food. We shared 4 appetizers (pork belly, fried oysters, blue crab, and lemon fish) and we more than satisfied! I really think it's in my top 3 fried oysters in the whole city.Best Oysters in the City! Without a doubt. East, West, and Gulf Coast. 2-3 varieties of each nightly. All fresh, unique and skillfully shucked. Staff is excellent! Thank you GM Lisa. My boyfriend is from the east coast, I'm from the west and we both live in New Orleans. They source locally and get the tri-coastal's finest. We come here to fight over the best and everyone wins!! Seaworthy.. you are a gem.Restaurant so nice we ate their twice.....in the 5 days we were in New Orleans. Wife and I stayed at the Ace hotel just a few doors down and I sure am glad we popped in the first night we arrived to the city. We had a few of each of the gulf oysters to start. My wife had 2 great cocktails. One was strawberry themed and the other came out with a shot on fire she had to blow out and then pour into her drink and stir. She loved both. I had a local beer that I enjoyed. For dinner my wife enjoyed her crab and shrimp roll and I got the blue crab small plate. It was great. 
We then took another couple and friend for dinner a few nights later. I had a nice glass of wine the Texeira. It went well with my clam linguine. We started again with oysters. The horseradish is wonderful. 
The 2nd visit was slightly ruined by a large group who were seated next to us that were the loudest party I had ever heard in a restaurant. I would suggest sitting in the bar area on the first floor if you can as it was always calm and seemed to have less patrons in it than the 2nd floor area. 
The service the 2nd time wasn't quite as good either but it didn't ruin the experience for us. I would come back and sit in the bar again for sure.They make a real good cocktail and the oysters are served nicely. Wish they had gator on the menuGreat meal here our first night in town. Quiet romantic upstairs, lively bar at street level. The staff is great very knowledgeable and happy to engage and talk about their favorites!  
We had a delicious meal including gulf oysters, ceviche, dirty rice and littleneck clams. It was all really good and totally worth it. 
Definitely helps that we were staying at the Ace; pretty much next door so not a huge amount of work for us but also not "tourist bait" either. Really enjoyable spot.Oysters are SO top notch. Tuna was also so good. My group was big, so we all ordered a diverse selection on the menu. Everything seemed to satisfy everyone.The important stuff first! Amazing oyster collection so dang yummy!! To die for Blue Crab claws in Corn Relish, rice jambalaya and The blue crab dish so flavorful!! Atmosphere very cool!!! Staff so friendly and fun!! Great Local Spot!This patio, y'all!! Legit! Larree, my server, took such good care of me and gave me his super special crab stuffed squash blossom appy! Come here, enjoy the food, the oysters the drinks! Amazing!My boyfriend and I wanted to have a date night in New Orleans. We found Seaworthy on an eater NOLA list and made a reservation.
No idea about parking, as we took a Lyft, but we had a great time. We sat on the back patio, which is rustic and has pretty string lights. It was quiet and the service was good. 
We ordered the chef sampler of oysters, per our waitress' suggestion- we got a dozen, 2 of each kind, and they were all delicious. They serve the oysters with cocktail sauce and vinegars on the side. 
We got the Amberjack Rillette, which was like a pâté with a baguette. It was so good.
For our main, we got the Black Drum, on the recommendation of our server, and I'm so glad we did. The grits were delicious, and the fish was buttery, with the wilted greens a lovely touch. 
We ordered drinks as well- I don't remember their names, but my boyfriend had a bourbon drink and I had a rum one. Both good, but strong. 
If we weren't in a rush we would have tried the creme brûlée for dessert.Great service from larree, friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Awesome late night specials for drinks. Food was mediocre. Had gulf coast oysters, a little "watery" for my taste but overall a good choice. The crab appetizer was just okay, and Brussels were very good. Crawfish sandwich was also decent. Overall, good to get away from the bustle of CBD and bourbon, hipster and relaxed feel.
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Food: 3.5-4/5The drinks at Seaworthy are remarkable!  This is the best Old Fashion that has ever touched my taste buds.  The oysters and entree's were outstanding!  The service was lovely and helpful.  Our recommendation to have a meal at Seaworthy can not be put into words.Perfection. Best silkiest butterfish of my life. Cocktails and oysters...point on point on point.This is not a review of the food because we didn't make it past the hostess. We arrived today (9/10/17) at 4:00 and waited about 5 minutes at the hostess station for someone to arrive. A young female appeared and coldly asked my husband, "Can I help you?" in the exact tone you'd get after knocking on a stranger's door. It took us aback and after a pause, he turned to me.  Equally dumbfounded, I replied, "We'd like to eat here. Do we need a reservation?" She barely looked at me and responded to my husband that right now they're only serving the raw menu and will re-open for dinner at 5:00. We asked her what was on the raw menu and she showed us a menu card. Her vibe was totally like we were trying to crash the cool kids' party. We looked at the raw menu and said that we'd come back at 5. After we walked out the door we agreed that we were not in any mood to deal with any more snark. The food looks amazing and it very well may be. But if the person you designate to greet your patrons is unfriendly, I patronize another establishment.Much better cocktails than Cochon. Their seafood was incredibly fresh. The cocktails were a culinary treat and not just strong booze shot with sugar in it (Cochon).   I wasn't disappointed in anything other than the lighting was really dark and I needed to use my iphone light.Good food and good service. Could make a meal out of appetizers. We'll be back. Everything we had, seafood and not the hamburger, were good.Great spot! Very tasty oysters . Drinks are very good and the New Hampshire bartender was excellent .
 Definitely try the soft shell crab .Great for a late dinner. Bartender is very friendly and the food is impeccable. Boyfriend and I ordered the Ceviche, black crab meat, and the burger. I recommend it all.I really enjoyed the food,the ambience and the drinks!! But the attention to clientele is lacking. I almost raised my hand to get someone's attention. The drinks are really extremely good tho and the food is too ...so if you don't mind waiting and waiting and waiting you will be fine I will be back but going to be very patient 
Try the sour betty and the swifty swizzle very good 
oh and the holy water!! Food: try the trout roe and the oysters are fantastic!! Would have ordered more but couldn't get anyone's attention!Love seaworthy.
Awesome happy hour, and great oysters on the half shell. 
Great drinks tooPompous,arrogant,and stuffy are 1st words that come to mind after visiting this restaurant.
The hostess (tall one,wearing a red dress Thursday night,March 16th) was disgusting. 
Obviously,not from here,was so rude, we walk out and will never return.I will definitely return to Seaworthy. The patio in the back is straight out of a travel magazine: lovely string lights, intimate European atmosphere... 
I was in a 4-person party, and we split several items. We got the oysters (amazing), fries (good), succotash (good), salad (delicious dressing), and the clam linguine (could have used a little something). As we requested, the food was all served as it was ready, so we enjoyed a casual, staggered meal. 
I enjoyed a glass of pinot noir from Austria, which was a little pricy for a by-the-glass but actually ended up being worth it. Didn't even know Austrian pinot noir was something I was missing from my life.  I recommend it if you're splurging anyway! 
The service was very friendly but a tiny bit on the rushed side. I know weekend nights are nuts, but  I appreciate when a server lingers a few extra seconds to help you decide between two things or explain a dish more instead of just giving more time to decide. Brings a little personality to the experience. 
All in all, great experience. The oysters they get from New England are some of the best I've ever had. Can't wait to return to that back patio when the weather gets cooler.Love the food and loved the service -- Larree is the BEST! Try the murder point oysters -- also, the drinks are to die for.There are literally thousands of restaurants in New Orleans that offer great meals with friendly service.  This is not one of them.  The meal was very good (even if the oysters were over priced - better values abound for them) however, this being a New York endeavor, it appears they hired wait staff with attitudes to match.  The place was one third full and it took them 30 minutes to deliver a salad, which came at the same time as the main dish, and worst of all delivered with a condescending smirk.  This is more than enough to ruin a good meal.  There are many better choices elsewhere with the friendly service you expect in such a competitive market.I won't go back ..that being said the food wasn't bad. The 6 of us felt ok about our food. One person got red snapper it was ok, nothing great but very good, medium to small portion size, the grouper was ok cooked ok, the small plates we order before dinner were good. Cauliflower grits I won't order again but they were ok I just didn't like the flavor. French fries were shoe sling they were ok, the collard green were not good soggy flavorless. It's a bit loud. Not inexpensive, my drinks I felt lacked flavor and alcohol, should have stuck with wine. Not interested in going back at all. I thought our server was slow and forgetful but she was nice.My husband and I visited here twice for late night dinner during our 10 days stay in NOLA because we loved their Happy Hour dishes. 
My husband loved their hamburger so much. Every meal we ordered was really good. 
Laree made our dinner more delightful at Seaworthy with her attentiveness and cheerfulness. 
Will be back when we come back to NOLA!Absolutely incredible food and fabulous service from Larree! A delicious menu complimented by a unique and surprisingly satisfying cocktail selection. Every dish we had was worth coming back for, and the meal in totality was simply scrumptious! This will be in our regular rotation of restaurants to patronize when we're in Nola!!!Little quick trip to NOLA for some Cajun Halloween fun!  Took us hours to find a place to go and I have to give credit to the hubs.  What can I say, the stars tell it all. Everything was fabulous!  Menu for the evening:
Crevice- out of this world tangy goodness
Blue crab toast- hubby liked this way more than I did but still it was good
Soft shell crab, very light and crispy.  I was afraid it would be a heavy fried lump but I loved it!
 Seared bar  jack (fish) cooked perfectly over the yummiest corn succotash we've ever had. 
And last but not least, apple tart- omg, there must have been a pound of butter and a hive full of honey in this thing.  Uber sweet but tasty!  
All in all a great meal that I would repeat again.This restaurant is a gem. My waitress, Larree, recommended some oysters from the east coast area that were likely the best oyster I've ever had. The customer service was amazing and personable. If you go, ask for Larree and listen to her suggestions b/c she will take you on a culinary journey. Plus, there some unique plates that can't be found anywhere else. Love this place.Great service and very fresh oysters and shrimp. Very good inventive craft cocktails selection. Highly recommendedNew favorite spot. Great cocktails and menu, sexy atmosphere and chesterfield inspired sofas. Beth and Ariel were great!I usually don't leave any reviews but have to on this one since I HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER - made a reservation at 5 pm to fit the happy hour time but the receptionist took forever to get to us and we didn't sit till 5:20. It took another 10 minutes for the waitress to get to us and another 15 for her to get back to take the order. By the time we ordered, it was already 5:45. Seriously WTF. I'm from NYC and know how crazy the happy hour / dinner times get but I've never waited 45 minutes to order something. I know how oysters take a while to shuck but this was done very poorly as well. Also, when we were ordering there were some wines I couldn't pronounce so told her the kind I want AND pointed towards it on the menu and she literally snatched the menu away from me saying she can't understand anything and hitting my brother in law's face with a corner of the menu - NO APOLOGIES. We also had a pregnant lady on our party and the waitress kept bumping over her as she walked behind her. SUPER RUDE, OYSTERS WERE NOT SHUCKED RIGHT, POOR WINES, OVERPRICED. NOT WORTH VISITING.Amazing brunch, great drinks and welcoming hospitality. Fresh oysters served by the highly engaging and informative Vincent. Everyone is so friendly and the food is excellent. Wish we had time to go back this trip!I'm a local and last night was my first time dining at Seaworthy and I was blown away! I sat at the bar by myself to have dinner and cocktails and I received the most outstanding customer service and amazing food and cocktails! I have to give a special shout out to Chris(Bartender from New Zealand) Edwin and Isaiah (Oyster bar/ Shuckers) and Brian (Bartender). They were all very friendly, knowledgeable of the food and cocktail menu and made me feel so welcome!!! They're all a major asset to this restaurant and bar!!!! I will be back!! 
Shawn ;)Just checked into our hotel and it was pretty late already. We decided to see what was opened in the area and still serving food at 11pm. 
When we entered the establishment it was like a dive oyster bar vibe which we really loved. I loved how they had a late night drink and food menu too :) 
The drinks were really good and our waitress was fantastic. I got the short ribs over beets and yummm I didn't even know I could like beets! (Never a fan before) the only thing I would change is I wish it had more color to the presentation of the plate (all dark colors so the short ribs and beets blended together) overall good nibble. My friends enjoyed their foods as well. My one friend got this crab flat bread thing that was pretty delicious and my other friend got the popcorn shrimp. Both were tapas style which is great if you want a quick late night snack :) so glad we stumble across this place! Next time def want to try their regular menu :)Service good. Atmosphere nice. Food...bland small portions that are overpriced. Too bad. Not a place to return to...Go for happy hour if you can. The back patio is lovely and not as cramped as the inside, plus it has a decidedly more laidback vibe.
Burger was excellent and the Seaworthy roll (shrimp and lobster) was pretty damned good.
Only real hiccup was they missed part of our happy hour order for oysters. They got the selection right, just not the quantity. That and again, the differences between varieties was not as well explained as one would have hoped.
For a nicer but not too fancy of a dining experience on quality seafood, Seaworthy is a solid choice.So happy we tried this place! I came across this spot through Yelp recommendations (thanks everyone). To start, this restaurant is the definition of hip and funky! The front room is a bit small but when it's nice outside, they also have patio seating in the back. They played cool music, mostly indie and alternative. I recommend making a reservation!
They have a fabulous happy hour with seafood and drink specials. We got there around 5:30pm on a Tuesday and the happy hour ended at 6pm. Obviously, we took advantage of it while we could!
We ordered:
- A dozen Gulf Coast oysters 
- Smoked Cobia small plate 
- Blue Crab small plate 
- Pork Belly small plate 
- Espresso Cremè Brûlée 
- Beer & Rosé
If you're looking for something more funky and under the radar, this is a great option. The food is delicious, the ambiance is relaxed, and it's a great value for what you pay.Great new addition to downtown and the Ace Hotel!  Thursday afternoon I decided I wanted to try out Seaworthy and was able to grab up a reservation for 6:30 pm.  This was the last "prime time" reservation available.  The atmosphere of Seaworthy is really great.  It definitely feels like some of the trendy places I've been to in larger cities like Chicago and San Francisco.  We were seated downstairs in the bar area which is quite small and intimate.  I wasn't sure which white wine I wanted so the waiter sent over the manager to give me a better explanation of the 3 choices.  She was very helpful and I really liked my selection.  My fiancé ordered a half dozen oysters (3 from Gulf Coast and 3 from East/West costs).  He thoroughly enjoyed them and noticed the distinctly different flavor in each type.  We shared the boiled shrimp and remoulade sauce.  These shrimp were so flavorful and delicious.  I'm also pretty particular about remoulade sauces and loved this one (mayo based with a kick).  We then shared the lobster roll which although good didn't knock my socks off.  I think the cucumbers detract from the overall richness of the sandwich.  Overall I'm very excited about Seaworthy and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.Yikes. Food is decent. It's not bad. You might be ok until you consider portion size and price. New Orleans is an expensive city. Good food isn't cheap. I can accept that. After getting crammed into the sardine can of a restaurant- it fell far short of expectations. Won't be a return
Update: food is still far overpriced.Wow! Recently visited Nola on my bday for an adventure. Stumbled upon this place and had dinner. We sat at the oyster bar and tried a lil bit of everything...hands down some of the best oysters I've ever had. The two guys working shucking oysters were also super friendly and helpful recommending places to go after( I forget their names but the older guy was hilarious) the pork belly and apple plate was melt in your mouth delicious ...the peel and eat shrimp were great!! Desert was super tasty. We had a brûlée of some sort and they came with some lil beignets..Every dish impressed me and I was one happy camper! the bartenders were both super fun and friendly. The holy water cocktail was delicious I've alway adored chartreuse and fire together...Atmosphere was fantastic...I'll be back in town in the summer and I will definitely be having dinner there again!I use to be the kind of guy who would buy a bottle of cheap whiskey from rite aid and just drink it in the park. But one night for some reason the Lord called upon me and said "don't go to rite aid tonight, go to Seaworthy." Well it seems like the Lord wanted to give me a preview of Heaven because that's exactly what Seaworthy is! Heaven on earth! 
For a second I thought maybe it was hell because I saw fire but turns out that was just the delicious drink Beth made me that comes lit on fire! 
The ultimate goal of drinking is to get drunk and getting drunk anywhere else is like taking the greyhound but getting drunk at Seaworthy is like flying first class!A local friend recommended this spot to us and she was not wrong. Great cocktails. Great service. The roasted brussel sprouts and cauliflower grits were great. My fiancée had the Gulf Coast Roll and really enjoyed it. I had the hangar steak. It's not my favorite cut but they did a nice job with it and the mushroom sauce was delicious.  Enjoyed the espresso creme brûlée with baby beignets. 
Would return.Amazing, amazing plates. It's a killer kitchen & it doesn't disappoint - and we tried going thru about 7 plates & 6 drinks.Oysters are super fresh. Martinis are on point. Service, especially by Laree S., is spectacular. Love this place!Enjoyed a really good Red Fish dinner although the bar area is not so comfy it was an enjoyable time. I would return if they have a happy hour as their drinks can run anywhere from $10-$14.  They do have a descent beer menu but I'm not a beer drinker.  Food was to die for and nice portions.Service was so bad we left after the appetizers. However, the wine selection and the appetizers were great. Maybe they will get it together.So many great things to say about this cozy spot and their staff.  Made reservations for Valentine's Day because it's my favorite restaurant/bar in the city.  We showed up 15 minutes early and the hostess immediately sat us down at our table, which I thought was incredible.  The vibe from the beginning was so pleasant and welcoming.  The waitress attended to us immediately, and all the other staff members were extremely nice and helpful.  We even had one of the servers take our picture, and she did it without any complaint!  If you're looking for some of the best cocktails in the city then you should really give this place a try. The dinner menu was set for the night (which was so helpful because we are both indecisive about picking food haha) and the chef kicked ass with everything he/she prepared.  5/5 stars for this place isn't even enough.  Will be returning! Thank you!So we've been in the city for two days and we're been to Seaworthy BOTH DAYS! I know there are thousands of choices in New Orleans but this place is something special. 
The drinks are amazing; there was forethought put into each creation. I can recommend the Slick Palm and the Basic Bee - the level of sophistication rivals anything you'll see in NY or LA (The West Coast one).
We enjoyed the small bites and you must have the Brussel sprouts!
The ambiance is warm and friendly, you will feel like you belong there from the moment you step foot in the door. This is the best spot in the CBD!Food is FANTASTIC! My one gripe is this: my friends and I decided to drop in for drink and possibly a small bite at the bar before heading to an art opening. As we walked past the long line (which we naturally assumed were ppl waiting to place names for a table) toward the bar, we were stopped and informed we needed to place our name on the list....for the BAR! I have never in my life heard of having to reserve a seat at a bar to get a cocktail. Needless to say, we left and went to the bar at the corner where we didn't have to reserve a seat to have drinks. Haven't been back since. Left a bad taste in my mouth-I wish we had known what a gem of a bar we were in while we were there! This was my first raw oyster bar experience away from home, and the best thing I can tell you about Seaworthy is how much pride they take in their oysters. The worst thing is that while it's a beautiful spot, it's very small. The original table they were going to seat us at would not have held our drinks and a full tray of oysters. The bartender was great at recommending drinks, and their crafted cocktails are just delicious. He was so knowledgeable about oysters, their flavors, the regions they come from, everything. We tried a few different types, upon his recommendation, and honestly he was spot on about the flavors. I loved it. Also the presentation of the oysters was beautiful. I wish we had discovered it before our last day in the city; it would have been great to visit again. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for beautiful drinks and beautiful oysters. It was lovely for an intimate drink and appetizer; we didn't eat dinner but hope to be back one day again when we are in the area!I've only ever sat at the bar, mostly for happy hour, and almost always oysters and some sort of cocktail. It's a tradition. The oysters are super, and they are presented elegantly, the drinks are classic, with a few trend centric seasonal choices to try out, but the best thing about the place is the service. The bartenders know their stuff. The wait staff is cool with however slow or fast you want to go, and despite the place having a hipster appeal, even am old boring guy like me feels very welcome.Came for happy hour, oysters were really muddy and the wait staff were incredibly rude. Don't waste your time and money, cool atmosphere but not worth it.This little spot is a real gem that is not to be missed! It's cozy inside & has a lovely outdoor patio. The food was absolutely amazing --so much so that we went back for more the next day. The bartenders on both of my visits were creative, helpful & friendly. They provided me with the most delicious drinks I had during my stay in NOLA.Great food, atmosphere and drinks! I am very glad we listened to our waitress because she was not kidding when she said the brussel sprouts were the best thing on the menu. The ceviche, smoked cobia, oysters and yellowtin tuna were all fresh and flavorful. Highly recommend if you're in New Orleans.Love this late night spot for tasty eats!  2nd visit and just gets better each time.  They offer some intriguing and unique cocktails.  I got the one with a smokey tequila - amazing got 2!  Loved the variety of oysters and servers ability to help select what fit our taste. It has a late night upscale foodie- local haunt vibe.  Good crowd on a Friday but not crazy.   Only disappointment was the less then memorable mignonette sauce to top off the oysters - served in a salt shaker.   Sides to get, brussel sprouts and fries, seriously tasty!  When hungry and on the other side of Canal best spot to  pop-in for eats & drinks!Oh my god. This place is amazing. Even someone like me who doesn't like fish was able to find something to eat here. I ate the burger and it was ahhhhhmazing! Actually it was one of the top things on the menu that the waitress suggested.
I also had a cocktail (I can't remember the name) that was set on FIRE! The presentation was so cool because the line was flipped inside out and the liquor was set on. Once you waited 10 seconds you blow the fire out and pour everything into the cocktail.Great place! We enjoyed oysters, hush puppies, seafood roll, fried oysters and many cocktails. The staff was nice and it was a great afternoon stop. The oysters in particular were fantastic and the place didn't feel pretentious-hipster or too casual. Very cool courtyard space away from the small dining area. Definitely check this place out.Pleasantly surprised. We dined on the second floor. When we first arrived there was a moth ball smell, it was so strong that we considered leaving. Eventually it went away. We chose to stay and ordered the pork belly for an appetizer and red fish for main dish. AMAZING. Glad we chose to stay.What a great atmosphere...fun place to look around and see. It was recommended to me to go to this place because its a perfect place for a foodie. Came for lunch, so it was not busy. Ordered 2 items...the crawfish omelette and Gulf coast roll. The omelette came with delicious potatoes and a little greens mix. It was all very delicious. The roll was on yummy bread and I like to say "the right bread," you know the bread sliced on top and toasted perfectly. The fries were skinny and full of flavor. This truly is a must visit place to go when in town. The server was nice and sweet, but not very attentive. Maybe its a NOLA thing, but service in general has not been over the top. For example once we got our food, no one came and asked how everything was or how we were doing. She came back when our napkins were on our plates. Again, she was nice, but not overly attentive.This was by far our favorite place to eat in New Orleans during our vacation. So good we came back on our last day. Props to the chef the food was mouthwatering, melts in your mouth good! Delicious and super impressed!! 
Pros
Best oysters in Nola 
Awesome food
Good alcohol
Cute decor
Romantic 
Service 
Close metered parking
Cons
Not located in CAWhat a lovely location. The atmosphere was excellent, a nice older building repurposed for this restarant. the service was very good. WE loved our waitperson- she was knowledgeable about the food and the wine. 
Cocktails are fantastic.
Oysters-raw and perfect. they had a good selection. they were a bit sandy, so they hadn't been pre-washed well, but the flavor selection was spot on. they included some great condiments if you like them. We prefer the oyster au natural so can't tell you of the condiment flavors.
We ordered the raclette and the smothered greens. the raclette had a nice flavor, but was too salty so made it was difficult to eat very much. A little goes a long way. Probably best ordered with a larger group. we were just two. 
The greens were great. 
Dessert menu was mostly drinks, so we didn't find anything interesting there.Food was delicious! Atmosphere was nice! Bartender served us this drink called "Holy Water". It was awesome. Definitely recommend to other. Oh yeah.. don't forget about Happy Hours!Kings and Queens, take a moment and listen here.  This restaurant is amazing.  The food is outstanding, the ambience is perfect and Larrie our waiter took the experience to next level.  She had great suggestions, made us smile and killed it all around with a classy presence and being a friend we never knew we had.  Come. Eat. Drink. Enjoy.We went here for happy hour. The staff was less than welcoming. The drink selection was limited. I had a beer and my brother drank whiskey. Both are available at other establishments so they did little to overcome the unfriendly staff. My experience struck me as unusual given that New Orleans is such a friendly place and the service I usually experience is top notch. This place was a bit of a disappointment.Really impressed on my first visit tonight. Party of three for the Coolinary menu and we all loved all of it. I had the ceviche, drum, finished with the strawberry shortcake. Ceviche was fresh and flavorful. Drum was excellently seasoned with a fantastic sauce and served with a wonderful corn side. The shortcake was a refreshing dessert. Also tried the Holy Roller cocktail and was not disappointed. My friends enjoyed the oysters, crudo, crab & shrimp roll and their creme brûlée w/ beignets, as well. 
And I was also very happy with the friendly and patient staff that didn't mind us talking and laughing for a few hours at the table. Very appreciated and looking forward to coming back.Fantastic food, wonderful service! The staff is very knowledgeable and accommodating! As with most places in Nola, the building is historic. We were told it is one of the oldest buildings in the city. The ambience and overall vibe of the place stays true to its historic nature.
I loved it, my wife loved it - it's good.Delicious food and friendly bar tenders make me want to come back. Recommend their Smoked Cobia and Burger. The space is on the smaller side but well-designed, which gives it a great vibe.Ok ready for an oyster fest...well ordered a couple of raw oysters that I never had before... very tasty. So then ordered the fried oysters. Wow...what came out was obviously microwaved and not long enough... they were cold and looked and had the texture of over cooked chicken livers. Dried out and shrivelled.  I sent them back with the microwave observation. The waiter returned and apologized and said they were frying up a new dish. Should have done that in The beginning. What she brought back were much better. Old and re-heated oysters are not cool. Especially at 16.00 for 5 fried oysters.