the food is 100% awesome! the service is great. the only thing that really sucks is that the dining room is crazy small. if they are busy you pretty much have to stand right over people eating to wait to be seated.iys very awkward. they should really try to expand.that being said,it's worth it. the boiled crawfish is some of the best I've had. the crab cake pasta was amazing. the seafood pot is right on point.catfish,great  (and I'm very picky with catfish). every single thing I tried was very good. would definitely go back,but on like a Tuesday afternoon or something. definitely wouldn't recommend going on a weekend.Worth the drive for a ton of amazing food and some of the most personable service around from Doc! We had a group of six and they reserved the entire oyster bar for us and took excellent care of us. They just kept bringing food! Highlights were the gumbolaya, stuffed mushrooms, Abita barbecue shrimp, and blackened shrimp and avocado po boy. They insisted we try ice cream nachos (they change the topping seasonally according to what is freshest ... berries, other fruit, Butterfingers, Girl Scout cookies ... ha!). Great time and great food.Pretty much Heaven on a plate. Started with the Eggplant Harahan, which is pure eggplant and crab deliciousness! Then got the special, a three-tailed fish served over asparagus with a wild mushroom wine sauce that is too good to be true... but it is!Awesome! Great food! I'm not a seafood type of person but it was great!!!! We ordered The Hamper and was very satisfiedEverything here is great. Never had a bad time or food. Staff is always friendly and helpful. The appearance of the food is second to none. You think when you see your order you are in some fancy restaurant. It's small on the inside but they make up for it in the taste of the food. I could eat there all the time.Best seafood I have ever had! Definitely worth to check it out! The soft shell crab is my favorite.Excellent place for fresh Louisiana seafood and a true New Orleans experience. Went there for our first time last week. Was greeted warmly by the staff and had good conversations with other patrons/regulars who noticed our first experience and recommended many plates. Got the fish of the Day among a few other things and it was delicious. Crabs were boiled and seasoned perfectly. Fish was fried perfectly, beer was ice cold and the service was fantastic. Eggplant appetizer was delicious! Definitely will repeat.It's a little small and a little pricey for the portion size but they take chances with their menu and it pays off. The poboys are delicious and the crawfish were amazing. I've lived in NOLA my entire life and I've never heard of putting mirliton in a crawfish boil. It was delicious! I can't wait to try more options.This place is the best of the best.  Great staff, food, atmosphere. Love it Love it.  Wish they were open 7 days a week.Delicious menu and friendly wait staff. I recommend the grilled soft shell crab on top of the kung fu salad. Typically this salad has seared tuna on it. It's delicious with the tuna, but the grilled soft shell crab takes it to another level. Less important, but worth mentioning is their oyster shell parking lot. Gives me goosebumps as it reminds me of all the seafood dives we used to eat at when I was a child. And finally, my son always eats the fried fish which is of course cooked fresh upon order. Yum!Just moved to the area and this place is absolutely my new favorite seafood restaurant! 
I got the rock-n-roll salad and my husband got the spicy tuna poboy. I was so impressed with not only the size of the shrimp but also the amount! The tuna was very fresh and scrumptious
It was very busy, but we got a table pretty quickly. It's extremely small in the restaurant, but you can tell it's mostly filled with regulars, and everyone is understanding of the cramped space and noise level. We also had put 2 year old with us. The waitress was incredibly knowledgeable and so helpful. It was wonderful service, and that's hard to come by these days. 
. 
I truly can't wait to go back!Get the monster poboy. Sit with Doc in the bar. Eat fresh oysters. Get a hamper. 
BLISS in a boiling pot!Just landed at MSY/New Orleans AirPort and had to come over here to try this place. Pictures don't do it justice, it's comfortable and the staff is so friendly! The food is aaaahhhhmazing. We had po'boys and nachos and the crab claw appetizer. All of the food had great unique flavors, most sauces are made in house. We finished off with a pineapple bread pudding which was sweet and soft and delicious..50 cents an oyster for happy hour...cannot go wrong. So good! 
Shrimp & Grits was bomb too and the fried alligator appetizer!I come here often for lunch since I work near by.  The food is consistently delicious and fresh.  I get the rock n roll poboy often and yet everytime I am just as excited and pleased as the first time I had it. 
One thing I think is very important is that their fried dishes taste fresh and light.  You are not left with that heavy greasy feeling afterwards.
They are usually rather busy around lunch which makes it hard to get in and out in an hour.  I have decided that it is worth the risk coming back late from lunch!
You guys should open another location in new orleans!Fun, tasty, very quick but laid back. Boiled crawfish, boiled snow crab both delicious! In the middle of nowhere but it was very busy but short wait. Try it if your close.This is a hidden gem. Found it on Yelp and it's now one of my favorites. Everything I've had has been amazing. My favorites are the Softshell crab salad, crabmeat au gratin poboy and I have to get the ice cream nachos. Huge delicious portions and beautiful presentation. Don't go there if you are on a no carb diet unless you want to just eat the boiled crabs and oysters, which are amazing as well. It is a very small place so it does get a little hot in there because there is an open window to the kitchen, so I don't like to go during the day. The waitresses are usually very short and busy, not too friendly. Sign your name on the board outside if there are no tables, that is the waiting list. There is outside seating.Got a po' boy for myself and some crawfish fresh off a boil. They were perfect. The crawfish were flavorful and cooked perfectly. I was craving a po' boy for days and this hit it out of the park - stuffed to the brim with grilled shrimp and their homemade remoulade sauce. Service was super friendly and attentive. Excellent experience.Excellent place a little bit hidden and far from New Orleans. Since we live at the border of Jefferson and New Orleans, I like to explore. Great vibes, a lot of locals. Generous plates of seafood and fish.The one star is strictly because Seither's cannot get there hours straight. I have been burned twice because of it and don't plan on going back there. The only way I will go back (and give Seither's  a good review) is if they figure out when it is they are actually open because it is clear they have no clue. The very first time I went to Seither's; they were closed although Google Maps or somewhere said they were open till 8. Yes, I called to verify they were open and there was no answer. But I've called other restaurants with no answer that listed they were open somewhere online and was fine. So we foolishly risked it and were extremely let down. But why is it so difficult to have a voicemail set up stating the business hours? Why does it go to a fax line? Is it really difficult to set up a voicemail and let people know when you are open? Besides the location, the hours of a business are the second most important bit of information about that business. It's information that tells patrons when to go to an establishment. I have now gone there twice, both times with 6 people and had to turn around and make other plans. It's frustrating to have to come up with a backup plan because Seither's unorganized. Not that I thought I was alone, but I am not the only one that has fallen for your falsely advertised hours which are now uselessly listed on your website. Seither's, stop losing business from me and others alike; get your act together.Everything about my visit was great.  Service, food, and other customers shared their table with me because I was a party of 1.  Would definitely go back!Best local seafood place around (Harahan) for boiled seafood, innovative poboys, and authentic atmosphere. While the service is great, seating is very limited. If you have to eat during a busy time, take-out is the way to go! If you have time to wait, then the wait is definitely worth it because you will be rewarded with fresh, tasty seafood. I do wish the poboy options on the menu had better descriptions, but since they don't, I recommend the Rock 'n Roll (sushi & poyboy had a baby!), and the Crab Au Gratin (Italian inspired crab poboy). Also of note is that the poboys do not come with a side, but if you order onion ring appetizer, there will be plenty enough to go around.I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place earlier!  Seither's knows seafood and works magic with every dish they put out.  Their boiled crawfish is the best in the city and their shrimp poboy is also my favorite.  I don't eat raw oysters but my friends just roll their eyes in sheer pleasure when they eat them.  Service is always attentive.Perfectly cooked local seafood-----
What better way than to spend a lovely summer afternoon with a good friend at a family-owned restaurant that serves local seafood!
Seither's on Hickory Ave in Harahan is a no-nonsense place for an array of delicious dishes.  From boiled to fried seafood, pasta and salads, and traditional poor boys, Seither's serves it.
On today's visit, well after 2:30 pm on a weekday, most of the tables in the dinning room were taken with people enjoying a variety of offerings: boiled crabs, crawfish, gumbo, grilled tuna.
There are tables outside, weather permitting, to enjoy your meal as well.  
We had the fried seafood combo: catfish, shrimp and oysters, and of course French fries.  All good.  One can tell a read good seafood establishment if they make their own tartar sauce.  They do!
Next time you want good local seafood cooked to perfection, served by pleasant staff, find your way to Seither's.  You won't regret it.Food is good but for the price of their poboys and onion rings there is other places with a better bang for the money.The eggplant harahan was amazing. Came with a work group and most ordered the boiled crawfish and said they were great. Since we are from swla, that was high praise. Friendly wait staff and great food at a funky hole in the wall. Highly recommend!Wow, how amazing is the food and service here. I travel to NOLA for cruises, and literally time my arrival and departure from there to allow me to eat here at least twice. Over the years the food has remained equally impressive, and everyone I take there has the same reaction. You can't go wrong, but the bread they use on sandwiches is without compare, and the seafood is the freshest. Enjoy your dinner!!!Food was delicious! Prices are a little high in my opinion but worth it. They are always busy so we sit at the bar on the left side. Great service!There is only one thing to say about this place -GREAT, FABULOUS, 
 Friendly Service, Clean, Hot Food, Generous portions for your money.  OK - Many great things about this place.
If you are in this area, put this stop on your list for lunch or dinner.  You will not go home hungry.This is my favorite place to eat crawfish!  It's awesome!  The only downside is there isn't many tables to eat at so go early to beat the rush.Cannot comment on the food because didn't get that far. Arrived at the restaurant at 6:30 nobody acknowledging that we're standing in the doorway waiting for a table. Finally, someone asks if we're waiting, and they put us on the wait list. 45 minutes pass with open tables not being bussed so the wait continues. Finally after being seated , several others are seated after us and their drink orders are taken. So at this point an hour and 15 minutes of waiting with not even a drink order in we decided to leave. They were not crowded enough to use that as an excuse. Service was unacceptably awful. Will never go back. Will not recommend to anyone. Honestly they do not deserve a star.I'm from Chicago and landed here in NO and wanted something authentic.  Yelp didn't let me down.  This is about 15 min from airport.  
Was definitely a dive place and could be on triple D for that quality of ambiance.   Didn't want to risk hepatitis so no bathroom stay even after I walked into it ....I left.  
Now with that said I was still willing to eat here and glad I did!  
Had the shrimp platter boiled and also cup of gumbo.  The shrimp was a bit over done but was fresh and very flavorful.  The gumbo was amazing and I recommend it to anyone!!  
The other guys in my group had poorboys and they all looked awesome.O. M. G. 
I'm scared to say anything about this place for fear that I will never be able to get inside the doors again. It was bad enough that they were closed on the Sunday and Monday when I was in town last. 
This place is a tiny hole in the wall that is a delicious surprise on the inside. Imagine New Orleans seafood fused with sushi flavors. There you go. Delicious all the way around. I wouldn't miss it for anything.A small place with great seafood and poboys. I personally like the shrimp and avocado poboy. Good place to go grab a quick lunch. Never been there during evenings.First timer & WOW I'm a fan! I was expecting to have a regular shrimp poboy tonight but tried the Rock & Roll Shrimp poboy and it did NOT disappoint! Delish & different. Loved it all. Impressed!Stopped by the oyster bar side for dinner. Met Doc and the owner. All great guys. Super welcoming and helpful picking from their diverse menu. This place is amazing! Sad I'm only in town for 1 more day, as I'd go back. A must for anyone looking for authentic, local food that is off the beaten, touristy path.BEST CRAWFISH I'VE HAD IN YEARS!!!  mad credit to Jason, who showed us the place.  i mean he's got it DOWN with the crawfish.  oysters were huge and sweet and not a hint of fishiness.....
i wish i could have Jason send me lbs. of crawfish every month.  you know you're getting it done right when you have to pick through the bay leaves to get to the bugs.  i'm not lying, best crawfish to get in the area.Gumbo was on point. Small place so get there early at lunch. Nothing fancy but the service great.Cannot get enough of this place! Blackened shrimp salad, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and andouille sausage and shrimp poor boy this time! We also enjoyed the best raw oysters around and boiled shrimp prepared by Doc. The ice cream nachos and bread pudding weren't bad either.I would normally give Seither's a "5 star" rating but the main reason I'm not is because our waitress sucked.  My co-workers and I sat outside and before she took our order, we told her we wanted seperate checks.  Well, she tells us she can't do seperate checks but it clearly states on the menu that they can't do seperate checks for parties of 6 or more.  There was only 5 of us.  That should have been a sign right there.  
She takes our orders and 10 minutes later, brings our drinks but rather than set our drinks infront of us, she put them at the end of the table and we had to distribute them out ourselves.  The food came out pretty quickly and again, she sets everything at the end of the table and we have to distribute everything out ourselves.
She comes out to see if we need anything else and we tell her go boxes and the check.  She brings the check out and promptly runs off.  She comes back out about 10 minutes later and asks if we've figured out what each of us owes.  I'm sorry but aren't you the waitress and isn't that your job to figure out what each of us owes?  I pull my phone out and figure out everyone's total and tell her, which was a waste of my time because she's going to figure the totals anyone cause who's to say I told her the right amount.  She takes our cards and cash and comes out with our receipts and the change from the cash but doesn't give each person their change but rather plucks it all down on the table in a pile and tells us we need to figure out what our change is.
I love Seither's Seafood but she just SUCKED!!  Needless to say, she didn't get very good tips from us but then when we're having to do her job for her, why should she?It's somewhat worth a 20 min drive from downtown New Orleans! The soft shell crab salad (amazing) was anything but a salad - 2 good sized soft shell crabs adorns a fried tortilla filled with grilled shrimps and avocado. We then ordered The Hamper, a seafood boil featuring shrimps (not the freshest we've had), blue crabs (very fresh and juicy) and crawfish (very fresh as well) tossed in Cajun spices. If you're looking for a seafood boil with a buttery and garlic laden Cajun sauce this is not the place for you - here the powdered spices cling to the shells of the seafood and may in some spots be overwhelming. 
For the amount and quality of seafood the price point is very attractive (USD60 was our tab). Servers are pissy but one can only expect so much from a low key joint.Although I'm giving this experience 4 stars, I will go back and gladly update to 5 stars if necessary. My 4 stars are simply based on there being no fresh oysters the night I went. One couple next to us left because they had driven in just for the oysters. Another man behind us asked about them and was disappointed. I will say the waitress was extremely nice about it & all guests she had to let down were very thankful for how pleasant she was, us included. Other than that, it was a wonderful night. Our meal, which was a special (fish) that I do not know the name of but will post a picture of, was soooo yummy! The waitress talked it up, and it delivered! Also, they have only 3 dressings for their salads, but they're all homemade, and I could have drank a cup full of the sesame ginger one because it was so delicious. The meal was truly good enough to make me want to go back soon-- just hopeful I can try the oysters!Great menu of very reasonably priced food! Especially impressed with the Po boy selection. I had the shrimp and avocado and loved it!!I went for take out because of a coworker recommending how good the food was. I got the eggplant harahan & my hubby got the shrimp with avocado. As I went to pick up the food; the dining area is so small, you have to squeeze in between two tables & chairs to get to the pick up counter. The lady was not friendly at all! I saw a man preparing my eggplant and placing it in the to go box with his bare hands; no one wears gloves back there! That grossed me out. As I stood there a man behind me must have gotten annoyed that I was waiting for my food behind him; backed his chair up so it would be touching my leg/ butt! Rude! There's no place to stand or wait so what are you supposed to do. All in all the food was ok, fries were soggy. We will not return, sadly dissatisfied.Seithers to me is a go-to lunch spot. They do magnificent poboys. My personal recommendation is the soft shell crab and their specialty rock n roll poboy. They do a gumbo with jambalaya rice which is full of great flavor. The only downside is the service can sometimes be a little slow and the prices can be a little high. Oh, this place also does great crawfish and pretty good raw oysters. Definitely worth trying..Saw the reviews so I had to try it out. Rocky parking lot. Small restaurant, friendly staff. Maybe I came at a bad time since they are closing for 1 1/2 week so things were out and things were kinda old. I had the tuna volcano, it would of been great if the tuba was fresh!I came for the boiled seafood. The boyfriend got the 'gumbolaya' and the shrimp and avocado poboy. I got a pound of shrimp, a pound of crawfish, and a blue crab. The gumbo was solid. The shrimp in the poboy had good flavor and texture. The bread was crunchy, not hard or soggy. It was a little messy and could have used a little more acidity and spice. The only hot sauce on our table was tobasco, which, having both vinegar and pepper, which would make the sandwich more balanced, but I dislike that brand quite a bit. The boil took a while to be ready but didn't disappoint. It was spicy and savory and all of the crustaceans were cooked to perfection. It took a long time to eat and was very messy, and since I hadn't ever disassembled a crab before I had to consult google about it, but I left feeling completely satisfied with my experience.
The service was a 5/5
The bathroom is about a 2.75/5Omg this place, music, and service was freaking awesome!!! My first review for anything on here and they truly deserve it...I recommend this place to anyone for some good old Louisiana cooking!!!Awesome food!  The food is very delicious. Its a little pricey but when you get awesome delicious food, thats no problem! Will definitely eat here in the future.I love this place! I took my mother in law here while she was visiting from Arizona. 
The tower of onion rings is truly a tower! It was well cooked, came out hot, and they were thick. 
The stuffed mushrooms were really good as well. You get to taste the corn and crab soup that is put on the plate under the mushrooms. 
My brother in law ordered the cup of corn and crab soup and he thought it was amazing. 
We ordered "the hamper" plus 2 lbs of extra crawfish. The hamper and 2 lbs fed my mother in law, husband, and myself. We ended up taking a hudge grocery bag home. In the hamper is crawfish, shrimp, king crab legs, and 2 blue crabs! It was amazing! Well seasoned, hot, and priced perfect! The hamper was $32 and fed 3, plus our leftovers fed myself and our roomate the next day. My roomates also agreed they were the best, cold and the next day! 
The ONLY reason I can't give this restaurant a perfect is because the wait staff. As previously reviewed, the wait staff are not the friendliest. Well, after my visit I understand why. THEY DON'T PAY THEIR WAIT STAFF! A waitress told my table of four that they only ever receive tips, and if you don't have a table you don't make any money. I have debated on calling the labor board. They deserve there $2.33 an hour. It would definitely improve the moral.
Please visit! The food is awesome. Just be sure to tip so the girls aren't working for free.Wow wow wow! Loved this place!! A few friends and I travelled to Louisiana and were looking for authentic food and culture. This was be best food we had in the New Orleans area, okay, probably the best food in my life! We tried a few pounds of crawfish and the shrimp poboy. Amazing! None of us had eaten crawfish before, but our server (who we affectionately nick-named Bubba) showed us how to eat them! He was so fun and asked us about ourselves and added so much to our experience! What a fun guy! The crawfish (I don't have much to compare them to) were to die for!! The seasoning was amazing, and so succulent and juicy. Our poboy was also great- beautiful and tasty. These people really care about food and their restaurant. We also loved the oyster shell driveway! I would drive the 15 hours just to get some more crawfish!Absolutely brilliant local seafood place here in New Orleans. The best crawfish and soft shell crabs I've had by far.This place is awesome! It is simple but elegant, and embodies everything you want from a place in Louisiana.  The food is fresh and delicious; Doc is a master of sea food, and hilarious. You will not regret it.Just sat there fro 10 mins and never got waited on by either of the 2 waitresses. Place not busy , only 4 tables occupied . You could tell that they were just not interested.
One other table had to keep asking for things .
Terrible serviceMiss Ruby is super friendly and give you the low down on the best foods there. They always have a decently priced crawfish boil. 
Also got sole entrees. Soft shell crab nachos was amazing! Wish the portions were bigger for the price but it was tasty. Also got the fish salad. Seafood was perfectly seasoned but wish it was a bigger portion for the price
Its usually pretty busy here but love the atmosphere!We ordered Togo and got 5 pounds of crawfish and a shrimp pasta. The crawfish had good flavor but most of them were dead and there was a least a pound of zucchini with the crawfish. I have never seen zucchini in a crawfish boil? The pasta was bland and had very little shrimp. I was so disappointed with the pasta.Only reason this is not a 5 Star review is because of the service. The Food was awesome and reasonably priced and I highly recommend. However this is not the place to go if you have somewhere else to be by a certain time. Our meal took us 2 hours! 
Our waitress kept disappearing and it was like a 20 minute wait for her to bring our check.. another 15 minutes or so for her to return our cards to us. We are fairly certain she was on something but maybe she wasn't and she is just an airhead.
When we were done, she came over and asked if we were finished and we said yes but that we want to keep the little seafood we had left while waiting for our to go food cause we were going to give it to the table sitting next to us when their food arrived..: she said "ok, I'll just take the trash out the way". She then grabbed our tray with our seafood and before we couldn't even object walked out the front door.. not sure where she went but we never recovered the food and she never did pick up the trays of shells
The couple next to us ordered 10 pds of crawfish. They then changed their mind and call their waitress over (5min after they ordered originally) to change their order to a hamper (crabs, crawfish, snowcrabs and shrimp) this lady seriously told them that they couldn't change their order because "he already dropped the crawfish" as if they boil the crawfish on a per order basis. But let's just entertain the idea that they do actually boil on a per order basis .. the table behind us had just ordered 3 hampers and she hadn't turned their order in yet so they could have just used the extra crawfish for those orders... but we all know this is not how things are done anyway... 
Let's just say this couple was way nicer than I would have been about this. 
Anyways. Food is great.. I'm confused about the staff but it's totally worth the trip to harahanDuring our stay we ate at several "local" places, but each of them left us wanting to venture a little further away from downtown to find that true "down home" cooking. 
We stumbled upon Seithers, and boy were we happy we did.  The fish was fresh and the presentation far exceeded anything we had at some of the swanky places on Bourbon Street. 
The restaurant is small, the chairs are uncomfortable, and the AC has trouble keeping up, but once the food hits your lips you forget about all of that. Each dish is creative and unique. We only wish we had the opportunity to sample a little piece of the entire menu. Unfortunately, our stomachs don't have a large enough capacity. We will definitely return during our next visit to the NOLA area to try some more of the culinary talent at Siethers.This is a place to go for fresh, amazing seafood.
Forget overpriced touristy places downtown that you can go to in any other city.
Since I discovered it I went there every night for dinner.
Nice people, local atmosphere.This is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in the metro area! I've had many lunches and dinners here and have never been disappointed. One of my favorite dishes is the salad that comes with fried oysters and bacon. The oysters are huge and the salad is enough for a full meal and then some! My boyfriend and I also frequently share their fried seafood platter. The platter is a generous serving with really clean, fresh tasting batter. I haven't tried many of the Asian fusion dishes they offer, but they all look amazing and many of my friends have enjoyed them. Definitely worth visiting if you're in Harahan. If you're not in the area I'd make it a point to get over there!We found this hole in the wall place in New Orleans and it is a gem.  Very small restaurant.   We could not sit in the main restaurant  (about 11 tables) so they asked if it would be ok to sit in their bar area.  Two high tops and about seven bar stools.  We sat at the bar and ordered up crab cakes and the tuna appetizers.   Both were delicious and the crab cakes were large and wonderful.  Next we ordered the Rock n Roll shrimp poboy and the regular poboy as well as the tuna volcano.   Everything was wonderful.  The tuna volcano had about  5 pieces of tuna as well as lumped crab meat mixed in with the cheese on top.  This is really a unique dish.  Prices were very reasonable. 
  Wait staff were friendly and it was fun watching them shuck oysters.   Highly recommend this place.I was excited to try Seither's. I had looked at the online menu several times before our visit last night to get some ideas. Imagine my disappointment to find out that the online menu was old and most of the dishes I had singled out were not available any more. 
The Cajun corn appetizer was delicious!!  I ended up with just a fried shrimp platter. It tasted good, but it was not what I had in mind originally. I did not care for the home fries at all. My friend had the pasta, she said it was just OK.   I don't think we will be back. I would strongly urge management to either update their website more often or take it down if they r going to provide outdated info.I got crabcake pasta Friday. It was okay but nothing outstanding. I found that the pasta was slightly undercooked, and the crab cakes could have had more crab in them. My godmother also got the same thing that I got. And we both noticed that it was a lot more breading than it was crab. I was expecting crab cake pasta with a cream sauce. But what I got was cream sauce that was the same as the bisque. I think it would be better if it was just a cream sauce and they not use the same stuff they use for the soup. All in all it was okay but I don't do not think I will be buying this again. Also the bisque I don't remember seeing any kind of seafood in it but it was good I would recommend this place but they have room for improvement.
Edit: 02/12/16 I got the crabcake and shrimp pasta,  but they forgot the shrimp.  It's good but kinda weird to put chunky peppers and onions in with the noodles and sauce.One more meal like this here and I would have to give them 5 stars.  The attention to detail is just terrific.  I split a dozen raw oysters with my wife and it came with a really great spicy red cocktail but not cocktail sauce.  Can't really say what was in it but I didn't need anything else.  The oysters were enormous, just beautiful.  I wish they had cleaned them a bit before shucking them because they were a little dirty but otherwise great.  
I ordered the blackened shrimp po-boy with avocado.  I loved this sandwich.  Wouldn't change a thing.  The had it noted as a po-boy festival favorite and I can see why.  Lots of shrimp nicely spiced with a generous portion of perfectly ripe avocado and sauced.  I also tried one of my wife's fried green tomatoes and sampled her gumbolaya.  The tomatoes were just beautiful.  The gumbolaya was chicken and sausage with a scoop of jambalaya in the center.  This was really well done.  I wish I had ordered a bowl of it myself and I definitely will next time.  
Next time I am in the neighborhood I will be back to try more.  Can't wait.They won Poboy Fest this year! Congrats! Still a local favorite for me for fresh seafood. We tend to sit at the oyster bar a lot because it's hell a fun, but either side will be just as tasty. In all the years we've been visiting, we have never ordered something we didn't enjoy. As other people state, the menu can be limited on descriptions so ask your server. All of the servers are very knowledgeable about menu options, and we've never had a bad service experience. Rock N Roll will always be one of my favorite poboys ever, but the nachos are a new favorite that I've been ordering a lot. Still hard to get a seat/table during rush times, but ALWAYS worth the wait (or order to go).While I still can smell the crawfish on my fingers...l need to write this review. It's a total dive and/or/but the crawfish are hot. Let me explain.
I've been on a mission to find some hot and spicy boiled crawfish. I've not been too lucky yet, but this place serves them up hot. I don't know about you but I don't really care for establishments that bring out some cold ass boiled crawfish. When I order boiled crawfish I want just that. Straight out of the pot, steaming and burning my fingers. Seither's were hot but not spicy enough for me. I'm picky, I know. It's the Houma in me. 
The shrimp poboy was pretty good and the roast beef was even better (and I'm no roast beef poboy fan).
Service was quick but not personable.If you love salt, you'll love the hell out of this place. Service was good though. I probably won't be back.I had the special, triple tail fish with shrimp, roasted red potatoes, cherry tomatoes and fresh asparagus. Amazing is all I can say. Definitely coming back!The only bad thing about this place is the size of the dining room..it is very popular and very crowded every time we've gone. The dining room is really cramped. However,the food is really great! The boiled crawfish is delicious! I love their crab cake pasta!The reviewer above pretty much said it all! Having just recently moved to Harahan, my discovery of Seither's was random and amazing. I would drive by this small building with cars lining up and down Hickory to get a parking spot and wonder what all the commotion was for such a small joint. My first experience was in the seafood market part to pick up some boiled crawfish to go. I walked in and out in all of 5 minutes and it was truly some of the best seasoned crawfish I have ever had the pleasure of eating. My only regret is forgetting to order the corn and potatoes as well! Several days later, made my SO go with me to the restaurant to try out their menu ( I took a menu home with me when I picked up the crawfish). I had the grilled snapper which came with sausage and chicken jambalaya, garlic bread, side salad and corn and he had the shrimp & corn bisque and the barbecued shrimp over angel hair that also came with garlic bread and a salad. I really enjoyed everything we had between the 2 of us, however, I wasn't a huge fan of the seasoning on the snapper. It didn't matter too much though because I was so stuffed from everything else. Each entree was approximately $12-15 and the soup I think was around $5ish. For the quality and amount of food, it is a steal! We went at about 8:00 on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting a table (thank God!). Will definitely be returning soon. A must try for seafood lovers and those who want a good ol home cooked meal.perfect divey joint for some real Louisiana seafood. I had the blue crab and the crawfish. The flavor was amazing-- infused with delicious spices to compliment the fish perfectly. This place certainly does it right. I'd recommend the BBQ shrimp and shrimp/avocado po boys as well since that's what most of my group got and they were all very pleased.This place is a gem!!! Amazing food! Louisiana/ Cajun food with an Japanese inspired twist!! The food is also fresh and hand made. Honestly no frozen food here! The food here is so good y'all!The food is amazing. The restaurant itself is smalll but has a nice family feeling. It's a wonderful twist on traditional seafood!!This was my first time checking this place out and it will definitely not be my last! I had heard it was small on the inside and sometimes a long wait for a table so when I was parking there was a crowd outside which scared me. Come to find out it was just a big group eating boiled crawfish at the tables outside. We walked in and got a table right away and was ordering our drinks and looking at the menu. Unlike all the great Louisiana seafood places in the area they do it a little different it's Louisiana seafood with an Asian mix. They do have some regular seafood platters and boiled. We ordered 3 appetizers the Frog legs which were excellent with a great tasting batter and sauce on them. Then we had the fried crab claws which were good but same as most at restaurants. My favorite was this tuna like a poke loa with these Mexican baked chips or whatever it is to put some on and eat. It was really good with a great flavor. Then we ordered two Poboys the Rock-N-Roll and the other was the blackened shrimp and avocado. The Rock-N-Roll is a lot like the sushi roll but on bread. It was amazing with such great flavors like nothing I've ever tasted before and may be my favorite ever! The other one was really good too but after tasting the first one it didn't stand a chance! One thing on the Poboys the bread is different and not real Poboy bread and more of a roll but it worked. I will be coming back often to try more things off the menu! I had read on here how service wasn't great here but it was excellent for us. Never had to ask for a refill of tea and she was there for anything we needed.Excellent local seafood joint.  These guys can work a fryer.  Your arteries may not thank you but your taste buds will.  Huge fan of the onion rings, which come out piled high, the fried shrimp and oyster poboy/basket.  During crawfish season Seither's has a great boil and at roughly $2 a pound the price is right.Surprisingly good seafood just off Hickory. The waitresses tend to be attentive. My only complaint is it's a little hole in the wall, and it can be hard to get a table!After following Jason Seither on Facebook , I was in!!! Went with friends on Saturday night.....of course, we started with a couple of dozen raw. As soon as I placed my dinner order, I ordered a half sack for Thanksgiving. They were briny, fresh, and clean. Although there are seafood vendors closer to home, Seither's was the only one who would guarantee a price on a half sack! We all ordered different entries and were not disappointed. I ordered an appetizer....crab-stuffed oysters....as my entree, and it was a generous and delicious portion. I can't wait to go back!!Amazing seafood! Stopped here for a quick lunch and was blown away by the quality and taste of our meals. Everyone in the group gave it 5 stars. We wandered into the oyster bar side rather than the restaurant and thoroughly enjoyed our service! Could see making a drive the next time I'm in NOLA, so much better than some of the places in the quarterFabulous! We have visited twice on trips to New Orleans and have had a great experience both times. The food is so good -- on the last visit we had the barbecue shrimp and andouille sausage po'boy. The sandwich was chock full of delicious shrimp, sausage and sauce. It was finger-licking good. Our daughter had the nachos made with homemade chips, avocado slices, fish, and shrimp. Delicious. On a past visit, my son had the shrimp and avocado po'boy and I had the oyster and gouda monster. We've twice had the crab claws for an appetizer and would lick the sauce off of the plate if it was not such bad manners to do so. On the last visit, we completed the meal with a piece of pineapple upside down bread pudding. Absolutely amazing. We will go back. Dinner for four of us, each time, was about $100, but that included soft drinks, and beer for some of us.Excellent food and very reasonably priced! This is definitely a local favorite. I travel frequently so I was pleased to see good reviews for this restaurant on Yelp. The reviews were accurate. You won't be disappointed with this restaurant.