The burgers are very juicy and have a good flavor. I really like the lemonade. The fries are way too expensive for the size of the portion. Overall it is a good burger but for the money there is better out there. The service is fast and I like the tablets that you place your order on. Where they lost me is with the oversized paper bag and cbig cardboard tray and the single use plastic cup and straw that will end up in a landfill and sit there for hundreds of years.This place is ridiculous. We visited this establishment and ordered a rootbeer float and chocolate icecream with oreos. We never recieved the order. 20 minutes later and 5 minutes after our order "was ready" (per text message), not only did we never receive our order, but when we did - it was beyond wrong. They told us someone else must have "picked up our order". There were two other people in this building - and our name was never called. We received vanilla with oreo. After asking to correct the order, we received chocolate icecream with NO oreo. After informing them of the second error, a third cup was made. Once again it was vanilla and oreo. As we tried to rectify the situation and just add the oreos to the chocolate icecream (second cup) - we come to find out that chocolate icecream is a mear myth as the entire cup was yet again vanilla icecream with a layer of chocolate tinge on top to conceal its true identity. Imposter!!  We were very polite and tried to get it corrected, however, no one seemed bothered to read what the receipt actually said and we gave up.  As there were 14 employees and only 3 customers we're slightly confused how this order was so complicated to comprehend.  Although we took the additional ice cream home with us, we could not even find one person on the side of the street to give them to before arriving to our hotel for the night. What a disappointment and waste.....Had some time to waste, stopped in for a snack and a drink. Very clean, nice staff. Feels very private, we ended up sitting and talking for a while, no on disturbed us.Their website still doesn't recognize the Canal Street, Metairie, or MSY airport locations, so I was unable to order online and pick up in store, but it wasn't a big deal because there was no lunch rush on this Monday.
Hopefully, it is just a matter of time before that is squared away, and I can walk downstairs from my office building, to pick up and go.
Working in Canal Place office building, Shake Shack is a god sent! The lunch options were pretty lacking, especially when I didn't want to walk far.
Like the majority of other locations, this Shake Shack utilizes the self serve checkout stations that are credit, debit card, and mobile payment friendly, but a few stations were down one week after opening. For those with cash, and need assistance, you can still checkout with the cashier.
There is no street parking nearby, since this is borders downtown/French Quarter --so, it's good if you're already in the area on foot.
Quality and service here is standard and the crinkle cut fries are still crisp and delicious!
There's a local touch with Abita root beer and alcoholic beers along Willa Jean cookies.This is an above average fast food place. The burgers are really great. Queso fries, delicious. Fresh squeezed lemonade, perfect. Then there are the milkshakes, geez. This place is great for that once a month 2,000 calorie lunch, provided you can go home and nap for two hours afterwards. Plus they serve beer. Not badGreat to have quality and inexpensive option in this part of town. The seating area is pretty limited so when the weather is nice take it to go. Order on the touchscreens with your credit card for a quick and effortless experience. Burgers are fresh and fries are decent. Next time I'm hungry downtown, I won't hesitate to stop in.I had never visited shake shack before coming to this location when it first opened. I came for the media opening and wasn't expecting any or many options since I'm a vegetarian but was wrong!
I enjoyed the 'shroom burger (crispy friend portobello mushroom filled with melted Muenster and cheddar cheese and topped with lettuce, tomato, and shacksauce). Boy oh boy this was good! Perfectly crispy and gooey. 
I also had the crinkle cut fries (how could I not?!) and they were great. With these, I dipped them in the concretes I tried. I honestly don't remember all the flavors I tried - I believe they were all featured flavors. 
One of the best parts is they serve alcohol!! Yay yay yay. The best of everything here.I've been dying to try these burgers and fries so bad !! New Orleans never gets any of the good chain burger restaurants. I am still so sad we don't have in & out burger but I thought this is a great substitute!! I was planning to go all the way to Metairie to try but when I saw this location on my way from a date at the pelican club where I had some light seafood and was still Hungry I thought let me stop here omg omg omg it's soooooo good these burgers melt in your mouth the meat is perfect the cheese melts perfectly I had a good fooodgasm will always remember trying shake shack for the first time thank you !!!!!!Went in to have a burger and love it! I like the  atmosphere and location to watch the parades go by. Great staff!I loved Shake Shack when I lived in NYC and it's arrival to NOLA has not disappointed. Shack burger, fries and a shake is the perfect fix for any hangover!UPDATE:  I must say, management here is as impressive as their tasty burgers. They were very responsive to my concerns. I wish more businesses in this town would follow suit. Customer service like this will always keep me coming back. That deserves extra stars.Sad they didn't think about seating in this place. The occupancy level is 112 but has seating for less than 30. The parking is also $24 an hour. The food was mediocre.Ate her a week after opening at lunch time. Little wait, friendly staff, and delicious food. The bun on my shack stack was incredibly soft and fresh and the crinkle cut fries, paired with the lemonade, were the perfect additions. The nuggets even rival Chick-Fil-AEasy place to get a burger and fries. I really like the shack sauce! Burger was cooked well and was very good. Beer was expensive at over $7 for a 24oz.If you're looking for a good burger at a pretty good price you can take out or done in this is perfect! This place was close to our hotel and we'd never eaten at one before even tho we'd heard about them a lot. (and actually we mistook it for anyoher popular burger chain at first, but realized it wasn't the same). I looked online and it said to download the app for a discount.. Try that and it might still be available. It was super easy and fast. We eneed up ordering it again the following day.  I ordered a double stack and a stack shack.. Which is a single burger with a fried portabello mushroom with munster and cheddar inside.. Yes. Yes please! Unfortunately  they messed it up and forgot the shoom part on one of the burgers.. It was about a 4 buck difference. But what we got was still amazing. I'm a stickler for good customer service so I called 
 the next day and they made it right. I will go back again. Def order here! You'll love these burgers.I love Shake Shack and we don't have one where I'm from so I was happy to see this place. I'm trying to go low carb so I ate my yummy hot dog without the bread but I could not resist tthe yummy crinkle fries!! I know there's great food in NOLA but you should try it out because this place is always consistently yummy  And, they have beer on tap.The service and staff are just as great as the food. Nothing about it feels like a fast food joint, except the timely manner in which your food is prepared. So excited to have this wonderful establishment in our city!Friendly staff, cool place. Great burgers and chicken sandwich.  Sandwich's are a little small. And French fries are terrible.I can't believe I waited for this location to open....the burgers are salty and warm ...my fries were cool to the touch and my shake was like waterI've never been so disappointed...the young lady said you have to get here when the fries first come out but the watery shake was by far the worst!!! Won't be backGreat, casual, non-pricey option downtown. Located inside of Canal Place. 
The good: cheese fries are a yes, great value in the CBD, fast, casual
The bad: not a ton of seating so you'll likely have to stalk a table if you want to eat thereFirst burger place we found when we arrived in NO. Hard to find parking and we spent $12 for an hour to eat here. Enjoyed the burger and cheesy fries. Staff was very friendly and food served fast. Would recommend! 
Cost was around $15 for burger, fries and drink.Shake Shack is my favorite burger restaurant. The quality and taste of the food at Shake Shack is always consistent and fresh no matter which store you visit. The store on Canal didn't disappoint. They've taken tons of precautions in response to the COVID crisis. There was hand sanitizer and antibacterial wipes readily available for customers. They have kiosks which made ordering fast and easy. The staff was friendly, they made the guests feel welcomed.Y'all!! This was my first Shake Shack experience and it did not disappoint! Hands down the best burger and fry combo at this price point I have ever had. The crinkle fries are delicious and the SmokeShack burger had just the right level of heat! 10/10 would recommend and will eat at a Shake Shack every time I see one from now on!I was so excited to hear that we were getting a Shake Shack in Canal Place! It certainly did not disappoint. YUM!GREAT tasting burger....when you finally get it!
Apparently, 8:30PM on a Wednesday night was poor timing for this hungry hotel concierge. Walked into this bright and pleasant looking store, greeted at the ramp by a sweet young girl who offered to help me order. I asked if I could call ahead, as I needed to make 2 more stops prior to returning to work. She said I could do so with their app. Ah, technology; am I right?
So I rushed off to Tiki Tolteca (more on that in a separate, yet equally disturbing review) on behalf of a guest who just loves their daiquiris.  Ever the multitasker, I downloaded Shake's app and ordered a burger while en route. 20 minutes later I returned to Shake Shack, only to learn they haven't even started my order. 5 mins left on my break. Lovely!
At this point, no one's in line. About 10 employees working (4 out front and 6 in back). As I watched these uniformed kids move around like background extras in a Walking Dead episode, I slipped into a deep trance. I thought of my own teen years as a fast food worker; slaving away at the grill. A yet, I was more motivated and showed more pride. It built character in me. Back then I did the jobs of 3 of these kids.
You could chalk it up to being a brand new store, but one burger (even ten) shouldn't take long with that many employees. A manager slid on a pair of gloves and came out front to help. She seemed very sweet and earnest. 
Alas, I snapped out of my trance and departed. I was noticeably upset with my nice greeter. And now I kinda feel bad about that. She meant well, but they are entirely too slow. Half of them probably won't be there in a month. And the other half won't improve much. And so it goes with fast food service in the Big Easy. Hey, it was good burger though.Great food.  Was thinking it's going to be just another burger place, but it's so good.  Had the Shack Stack and the Chik'n Shack.  Shack was so good.  Never thought about putting fried mushrooms on a burger, but this thing was great.  The bread was good and soft.  Wife said the Chicken Shack was great, loved the bun and the sauce was good.  Definitely recommend t hot spicy cheese fries also.i've been to a lot of shake shacks before but i've never seen one with screens to do self-ordering! This made ordering quick and easy, especially for a to go order. The shroom burger is my go-to as i am vegetarian! love it every time!A single burger, fries, and milkshake cost $16! A bit too steep for repeat visits. The burger was soft and smaller than a whopper. The cringed fries were average. The shake was good. You probably get more value from BK or McD. Sorry , not too impressed with their foods and value!Went to Shake Shack for the first time, and this location was very clean, constantly wiping and cleaning the dinning area. The food was fresh, and the lemonade was one of the best lemonades that I had in a while!Part 1: 
In Trump's America, where climate change is wreaking havoc and New Orleans will soon be submerged in water, Shake Shack decided to open up a new location in our doomed city.  It was a foggy Monday night. 9:42 pm. We strolled in, uncertain if we should dine in or take our burgers to go.  We were met with smiles and an assuring, "Dine in with us!" I decided to ball out a little bit. I ordered two LARGE lemonades for a friend and myself. We were so excited. As we talked about our New Years plans and late stage capitalism, we realized just how parched we were, not only for a revolution, but for lemonade. Then I heard it. My name. Bag O' Bones. "Your lemonades are ready!" Briskly, I, Bag O' Bones III, ran to the counter. I grabbed the two lemonades, with a smile. But little did I know I wouldn't be smiling for long. 
Part 2: 
A wise man (probably a woman though) once said, "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade" Well,apparently, Shake Shack has never seen a lemon. Because this lemonade was not reminiscent of a lemon. What did it taste like, you might ask? There were notes of Pinesol, charcoal (very festive), and Robotussin. The worst part of it all was not the taste. It was the burning sensation that lingered down my throat for days. It was the loss of innocence that occurred with the first sip. 
Part three: regret 
Was it all a nightmare? Did I just have the worst lemonade on earth. Nay, the universe. How is this scientifically possible? Have you ever had a minute maid on a hot summers day after leaving it in your car? It somehow..... was worse..... 
All I ask for is an apology...... and my father back..... and maybe ....... for other innocent people to not experience what I experienced. What WE experienced. I want to spare them. And that's why I'm writing this Yelp Review. If not for my own honor, but for the honor of my fellow Lemonade Lovers. Shake Shack has never been just about the burgers. While I was greeted with sweet faces, I was faced with sour and rancid lemonade.
Please fix this...
xoxo 
bag o' bonesTo go order.  The family enjoyed their meals. The only hiccup was 2 sparkling waters when we wanted regular water.   The husband was happy we beat the spring break dinner rush.  The service was friendly and the establishment was clean.I got the mushroom burger, double cheese burger, chicken bites and fries.  The mushroom burger was delicious.  Our only complaint was the chicken bites were quite spicy and there was no option for a non spicy option, so our kids ended up only eating friesThe shakes were very good. Overall, I would say the food may be on the same level with chick-fil-a, but a higher priceIt's Shake Shack, consistent food and service was quick and easy. 
It was late on a Monday evening and restaurants were closed or not serving food, so we stopped in and had a burger.MY NEW FAVORITE BURGER JOINT!! Shake Shack is way better than In and Out. Im sorry, someone had to say it! I love 5 guys but for someone odd reason their burgers upsets my partner's stomach so we've not been there in a minute which is how we found shake shack. I don't think we're ever going back. We've had shake shack TWICE this week which is a little embarrassing, but so worth it. Their lemonade was a little tart and the strawberry smoothie was underwhelming but their carmel-y custard was DELICIOUS! I normally don't care for crinkle cut fries but theirs are really good. I have only good things to say about shake shack! If you want a good burger visit shake shack NOW!Order & pay at kiosk and go sit.  They'll text you when your order is ready! Oh if you order alcohol, flash your id to someone at the counter and they'll come to the kiosk and override your order.  I had the bunless spicy chicken sandwich with honey fries.  The chicken was delish. The dip I didn't like.  I had the half alcohol drink and a cherry milkshake (it has popping candy in it).  Overall good good and experience.The burger I would compare to the baconator at Wendy's... nothing too wow factor and the sauce was just Mayo with a little Sriracha in it. The fries were good! Also, I am a milkshake connoisseur, so i would give it a 7.5/10.The shake was awesome! The fries could have been a little more done. The burgers are small but just right for someone like me. Even though we used delivery service, everything was warm and fresh. Worth a visit for something fast.I am beyond happy this place opened and it's right underneath my job which is DANGEROUS. The service is great & you can even use a kiosk to order your food to avoid human interaction. Never had a bad experience here yet & Shake Shack is KNOWN for having great quality meat. 
P.S. The bathrooms are locked, so don't expect to use them if you aren't actually dining in.Whoever is on  fries, please stop trying  to kill everybody! Go easy on the salt!It was recently my friends birthday and even though we are social distancing, I wanted them to feel special and I know that they love Shake Shack so I had it delivered to them. 
They were very pleased with the meal and said it was all hot, fresh and delicious. 
As you probably know, there is always a risk when you order delivery. So many things can go wrong, but Shake Shack was on point! 
I'm thankful that I was able to make my friend feel special with their comfort food on their day.The food was hot and the Service was fast. What I like most is that they all had on gloves, masks and hair mask. I got the chicken bites. I ended up peeling off the crust...they were deep fried and very crispy. Not bad for most.They just opened this week! So far, the service has been efficient and the lines moving quickly. I ordered the shack burger with American cheese, no pickles. It was good, albeit a little salty. I do have a sensitive palate to salt. The fries are ohhhh sooooo delicious!!! My favorite!!! Crinkly, light, crunchy, airy, divine!
I love that they have the kiosks and you can use Apple Pay. You can also choose for here or to go. I did notice that as of 12/4 they were not yet on the app which was a bummer, but, may take a few days I guess. 
I had a chocolate shake; as always, my soul was so happy. Mmmm. Anytime I need my shake fix, I know I can go downstairs and  have a delicious shake to sate my sweet tooth. Well done, shake shack!I waited an hour for cold food. I ordered online and waited an hour. I received an email that said "If you don't receive a text within 5 minutes of your selected time, check in with a team member" I did that 3 times I also showed the email confirmation. They said just sit and wait. I saw an entire shift change. I went up one last time and they said it's been sitting there. I took my food and left in frustration. My boyfriend noticed the food was stale and cold. He went back and was told they would not re-make our food because it was cold and to just throw it out. Not only am I appalled by the cold food I threw in the trash, I am  disgusted by the service. This is my first time in New Orleans. Is this "southern hospitality"? Please come to New York and learn how to serve fast food.FAST WITH SELF CHECK IN
(See pics)
You don't wait in long lines - it's self check in like Schlotzsky's.
CUSTOMIZE IT
The individual iPads let you customize your order like a nutrition-x app 
JAZZ BAND ON OPENING DAY
At the corner of Canal and S. Peters.
FOOD WAS BETTER THAN MCDONALDS
The winner to me was the chicken sandwich with thick slabs of pickles. (See pics)Chicken was greasy. No sauces like in the pictures. So, don't order . Cheese fries. No cheese. 
40 bucks for 3 Wendy dollar menu items. 
No social distancing.  No masks. 
Huge disappointment. You'll fit right in on Canal.This area is a food desert and I have been looking forward to the store's opening so that I have an option to eat lunch without venturing into the french quarter!  They also offer the ability to order via their app, which i haven't tried but seems like a great perk for the lunch crowd.
I visited on the second day that the store was open and I was impressed by how pulled together the team was.  I had a shroom burger, which was melty and delicious as ever, as well as a strawberry shake and fries.  The fries were crisp and hot.  I told myself i would only have half of the shake but alas, slurps up, i drank it all.  Seems like the line cooks have their stuff together already!  Off to a great start.  
While Shake Shack isn't an everyday lunch, I love that they offer high quality and sustainable meat at an affordable price.Great burger. Fries, and Christmas Cookie shake. Polite staff with being so busy. I can tell they have a great process for takeout delivery as well. I will be back!My girl friends and I went in, lots of people in line. We checked out at the self service kiosk because that was the only option. The staff had to come enter a verification code for my wine. We paid and it said they would text us when the order was ready so we grabbed a table. We waited for 30 minutes and went to ask about our order. They told us we must have checked out when they were closed and our order was canceled. They had automatically canceled our order and didn't bother telling us. We checked out at 9:58 and they closed at 10. So after accepting our order and paying, it was canceled and we were not told.The food was really good. It's a franchise so pricey food is expected, and it is pricey, but good.This is not fast food.
This is slow food. Very slow food. 
The appeal of fast food isn't that it's healthy, or even necessarily delicious. 
It's that it's fast.
But this isn't fast. 
It's SLOW, y'all. 
That said, they have really great fries. Crispy on the outside, soft and mushy on the inside. 
Are they worth a thirty minute wait of standing around with tourists and kids? 
I dunno.  ‍I love shake shack! Always hot and fresh. Go early when there aren't any lines. I like my burgers simple so I always go for the single shack burger. Always fresh, hot and never greasy! 
The reason why I can't give this place 5 stars is because of how dirty it was. I came right when they opened at 11AM and it looked like they didn't clean up the night before. Food was still on the floor, tables weren't wiped, etc. Seems like management is lacking in this location.I was eating lunch with my African American colleagues when I was asked to leave with no explanation. When asked why, she replied, "Everybody has to leave as of now." She did not tell anybody else and everyone was still sitting down, eating, people were still ordering their food. Keep in mind, it's only 6pm and there was about 20 people in their staff. Would not recommend or tolerate this.I can't believe people actually like the shakes They don't even taste like they have ice cream in them the burgers were good it did take a little while to get the food The employees are very unprofessional and not polite French fries were greatI was not impressed. They messed up my order. The bread is the best part of the burger and that is a shame. The cheese sauce that is served with the fries is bland and hardly taste like cheese. The cherry  peppers that are added are a nice change to the burger but they need a lot more work. I would not try again. IHad my first Shake Shack experience today and can say that I was pleasantly surprised!! The Black Truffle Burger was amazing!! Hubby ordered it but I ate most of it (LOL). I went with the ShackBurger as a test to see if the Shake Shack classic lived up to the hype. It was good and I would definitely get it again but that truffle burger is what will make me go back.
The Milk Bar shake partnership was also a pleasant surprise since I'm kind of obsessed with Christina Tosi and her bakery creations. Hubby and I split a Cornflake Chocolate Drizzle milk shake. Definitely plenty enough to split and share. First few bites were amazing but by the end the sweetness built up and became a bit rich for me so was glad to have hubby take the second half of it.
I am a cheese fry aficionado and was so excited to see them on the menu. I don't know if it was an off day but the cheese sauce didn't taste very cheesy...it was quite thick so I wonder if maybe they use flour and someone maybe added a little too much. I will likely just go with plain crinkle fries next time.
Finally, if you are looking for a beer with your burger, the draft beer set up is not working...staff said lines weren't connected. So you'll have to pick up a beer somewhere else in the French Quarter if you're craving a beer with your burger. We picked the lemonade and it was delicious!Shake Shack on Canal Street is an unmitigated dumpster fire.   Didn't look busy when we came in but they were obviously taking tons of "to go" orders and the kitchen was in the weeds.  It took almost half an hour to get a sandwich.  Milk shake was delivered after dinner was done.  Finally, tables were dirty and the water machine was leaking a puddle on the floor.  Would not come back.Very slow, ordered 2 shakes took 20 minutes.  Didn't appear to be too crowd.  Shakes were Ok,  but not great for as pricey they were.  I guess being Shake Shack is all they need.Great shakes, i really enjoyed the consistency of the cookies & cream. The burgers were great, but I was disappointed in the size.I may be biased but when it comes to national fast/casual dining spot chains but I heavily lean towards Shake Shack and Whataburger. Shake Shack knocks it out of the park each and every time with my order. I really enjoy their menu.
I love their burgers and those cheese fries are the reason I'll never be a 30 in jeans again. But eh I'm not complaining.
Team is always friendly and I love the Luna Botanicals wall they feature!
I'll be back when I'm craving their fries or an open faced dog.Delicious burgers, excellent customer service, but the worst dine in environment of any place I've ever encountered in my life! It is entirely TOO smoky in there! There's ZERO ventilation, so you see clouds (thick haze and a strong aroma) when you enter the restaurant  and can glide on their floor - in rubber soles! It felt more toxic than the days of dining in a restaurant filled with cigarette smoke if you're a non-smoker. I asked a worker (and so did others if they burned something). We were told it's a known vent issue. In the 5-6 minutes that I waited for my order, my eyes watered and I left smelling like I had a shift as a member of the kitchen staff. To make matters worse, there are no windows to open nor fans in the dining areas. IMO, it's was also odd that there's a lockbox on the front door of the restaurant. Another first. 
As for the food, I ordered a smoke burger (the air quality fit its name) , fries and a cran citrus punch.  All 5/5 with the cran citrus punch being a tart lovers dream. They seriously struck gold with that one. The crinkle fries were hot, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chopped cherry peppers on the burger made for a great combination. I'd definitely order them all again. 
In sum, delicious offerings - strong fry & juice game, reasonable pricing and great service, Poor ventilation. It's only a matter of time before the health department shuts this location down or someone sues them over it. They've likely gotten away with it attached to the only upscale shopping mall (Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth, etc) in Nola because their entrance is separate, meaning you cannot enter from the mall. All I want for the city's Shake Shack location in 2022 is clean air so I can actually dine in!I love Shake Shack food, especially the shakes. But the service here was SLOW and tepid, at best, if not discourteous. Advise to order online if you're going around meal time. It'll save you a lot of time.I've been here three times already and that's not nearly enough. I've been a fan since visiting the NYC locations and was giddy with excitement over this location opening.  Shake Shack is a very well-oiled machine. The ordering process is smooth - whether you use the tablet or order from a human.  The employees are cheerful and pleasant.  The inside is immaculate.  I didn't experience any problems with order accuracy or timing.  I had the chocolate peppermint shake during the holidays and I'm still thinking about it.  The best thing here, though, is the chicken sandwich.  It is HANDS DOWN the best chicken sandwich I've ever had in my life.  It is the perfect size, the perfect crispiness, the perfect seasoning.  I order it every time without fail. The only thing that would make this sandwich better would be if it had no calories.  The fries are good, I never met a cheese sauce I didn't like.  I work nearby and I am going to be here regularly, to the detriment of my waistline, but gleefully! 
The only criticism I agree with is with respect to the lack of seating during busy times.The ordering process is automated...and easy to order. The food was hot, fresh and tasty. Waited less than 5 min for our order to be ready!