Delish after a long trip this was a treat. Tziki sauce light everything made in house. Highly recommendReally delicious chicken shawarma sandwich, and the guys who served me went above and beyond "good customer service".  I'm planning on becoming a regular!Delicious chicken shawarma and gyro sandwiches.  I preferred the chicken shawarma over the gyro.  Dinner plate portions are huge! Really loved the chocolate cake and baklava dessert- not homemade, but nonetheless delicious. This place is a great deal for the quality and quantity of food. Check it out.Pretty excellent gyro and hummus to go from this quick service spot. Quick moving line at 6pm Friday. In shared space inside the Jetgo gas station and c-store. I'll be back.This place is flawless. I cry tears of joy every time i eat here. I honestly have nothing bad to say. I'd suck the farts out of every seat in the Chalmette Theatre just to smell their dumpster.Had read the Gambit review and as long as I was there figured I'd get the combo plate. Wowza! For $11.49 it's a great deal what with salad, hummus, pita, and gyro & chicken over rice. Truly enough for dinner. More importantly it was all delicious. I had recently had a gyro wrap for the first time at another place and it was like sliced sausages (kinda fatty and a rough texture); not bad but not great. The gyro here was like the most finely sliced, leanest/highest quality of roast beef imaginable, but with its own unique taste which the tzatziki sauce enhanced (as did the garlic sauce for the chicken). 
Plus I appreciated the friendliness of the gent behind the cash register (son of the owner I believe) who, without my asking, offered a taste of both the chicken and the gyro dipped in their respective sauces. Look forward to returning!Deliciousness!! Super friendly, family owned and run. These people take great pride in the food they serve!!Truly authentic. Owner and staff are very friendly and welcoming, and the food is the real deal. It's delicious and legitimate. You will not regret trying this.Great philly cheese steak and Poe boy sandwich's. Everything is good here. Cannot go wrong with anything you orderJust amazing 
The best shawarma
Nicest people 
A must for every middle eastern food loversThis place has got it going on!  Yes it's in a gas station across the aisle from a convenience store but these guys are making a phenomenal food! 
The garlic sauce on the chicken is amazing and the sauce for the gyro is even better, with fresh onions sprinkled on  top 
Both meats are outstanding but I prefer the gyro meat, its nicely spiced and expertly cooked.  Portions are big enough I get second lunch out of it 
And although I've only gotten to go there are a few tables you could seat at and eat, places is very cleanI love this place!!! I have no complaints here he service is great the food is amazing I can eat this every day all day I just wish it was a little bit closer to me. I had the chicken shawarma and gyro platter with rice and hummus and there salad and a side of fries and I swear to you I have traveled and tried middle eastern food In different states from Chicago to Michigan to California and hands down this is the best out there.We had a chicken and beef shawarma and it was delicious. One of the best Mediterranean food in town. I would definately go back again. It would be better if they put the garlic sauce on the side instead on the top.It is at a gas station but dont be fooled!! Absolutely delicious!! The food was fresh and cooked to order. Some of the best hummus I have had. Everyone cleaned their plates... I will definitely be back.The vibe their is great but their food is better! I definitely recommend this place. The two guys who ran the store brightened our day and we left their smiling!Connected to a gas station but DON'T LET THAT DETER YOU!!! Seriously the BEST gyro of my life!  The hummus and garlic sauce are on point. To top it off the dude who owns this place is so friendly, kind,  and aims to please.  He makes sure he sends quality out for every order.  Portions are huge.  I wish this place existed back homeThe food is as legit as it gets, and super nice crew working behind the counter. Yes it is at a gas station but get over that little fact and you are in for a real treat. Everything is hand made by the owner and his family. They are great people in an up and coming part of town.It's in a sketchy gas station but the food was really good. I had the regular gyro with hummus and I got the philly cheesteak gyro to try both were awesome. Since I'm staying in children's hospital overnight today I will make another visitSoooo goood and delicious foods specially the gyro plate with the garlic creamy sauce on the topDon't let the gas station next door throw you. This family owned and run establishment is the real deal. If you need a white table cloth, this is not the place for you. If you want righteous shawarma, it is. They also have awesome baklava!Really excellent food, including some of the smoothest Hummus I've ever had and a delicious and overflowing Gyro wrap are what first thrilled me with this place. But what got me next was the friendliness of the staff. They really care about ensuring that customers have a great experience. Definitely don't miss this one!This place may look unassuming, but do not underestimate it. Some of the best food in the city. No joke I have worked in many fine dining restaurants. This place is special. The food and service are perfect. The flavors are unique and tasteful. The green salad is flavorful, the sharwma  is out of this world! Hummus , tiziki sauce. Wow ! The staff are super friendly. If you have the opportunity DO NOT PASS THIS UP.The best chicken shawarma I have had since I left Detroit in 2009. Tucked on a quiet strip of Magazine Street you will find this gem. Go by and heap a sandwich or a plate. Friendly service and good food.I've already become a regular customer and I've got to admit I'm addicted. The food is delicious and the service is great as well.Best falafel wrap in the New Orleans area.  The employees are very nice as well.  Only 2 downsides:  they use Styrofoam and the prices are a little higher than normal.For a quick bite on the go, there's not anything like this joint on Magazine St... When I lived in the neighborhood, I'd stop here about once a week -- it's that good! The only bad thing I could say about this spot is that one location is not enough!Stopped by for some take out and was pleasantly surprised. I got the combo plate with chicken and gyro. The meats were well seasoned, flavorful and generously proportioned.  The meal comes in a standard styrofoam three section container so the salad, while tasty is very small and the humus is also a smaller proportion that you might expect. My biggest disappointment was the the pita.  It was plain, but adequate, but they only give one small pita for this much meat. I'll know to ask for more next time.Best shawarma in Nola, and the family that runs the place is super nice. Highly recommend!Delish! Just went for the 2nd time. The chicken shawarma is awesome, also love the hummus and the Greek salad. Super friendly people and they offer up samples so you can try before you buy. So happy this place opened, it's super clean and a great addition to the neighborhood.Food is delicious!  Great price too.  I always go for the shawarma plates and they will customize it for you.  For example I don't get the rice and pita and get double salad.  It is family run and they are super nice.  This place is a hidden gem.Delicious wraps! I've had the chicken swarms, the gyro, and (my favorite) the fried halloumi wrap. They're all delicious! The fried are good too, and so is the hummus. Baklava was on point as well. 
The owners might be the best part, though. Super friendly! It was raining and I had my baby with me (hands were full) and the owner brought my food to my car for me so I didn't need to make two trips. 
I'll be back for sure.What a great little find! My boyfriend and I stopped here for a quick lunch and we were delighted to find fresh, delicious handmade fare in a great location. We also met the owner and he was friendly and informative. Would definitely recommend!Gosh this food was incredible and so reasonably priced.  We both got a shawarma and gyro plate.  The chicken and lamb/beef were both great.  So much food!  A salad, pita and rice per plate.  I couldn't eat everything and I was starving.  Can't remember what the garlicky stuff is called but it wasn't the stuff with cucumber (tzatziki).   Maybe skordalia?  Anyway whatever it was it was great with the chicken.  I want to go back and get the eggplant dip.  Yes the place is on the side of a gas station and parking can be hairy.  I had someone waiting for me in the car so it wasn't too concerning.Absolutely one of the most amazing Mediterranean walk in counter restaurants.  Super friendly family owned restaurant. Upon entering, the owner gave us a large sample of konafa which the grandmother had made. It's not for sale yet at the restaurant but was absolutely amazing.  He is probably testing the recipe out. I hope they start serving it.The chicken Shawarma is tender, crispy and juicy all at the same time. The Tzadiki sauce is custardy and  delicious with a wonderful mouth feel. The hummus is smooth. I have been recently lamenting the fact that New Orleans does not have enough good walk in counter order to go restaurants were you can just pick up your food, take it home and enjoy. This is going on my list. I will be stopping by after work at least once a week from now on! The fact that it is located in a gas station, I will view as a positive because I can also get my gas and pick up a 2 L bottle of soda!this one is the best. what a deal. i like chicken shawarma and gyro. i get with salad or fry and it so yummy.
they very friendly and treat bolivar good. i can get gas while i wait for fresh food and it save me time. i will be back every time!!!Best gyro & lebna in the whole city! 
Amazing food, great prices, and super fast! 
I was extremely impressed.I've had shawarmas before and this ranks as one of the better ones. The side salad was fresh and tasty. Same for the gyro meat. I'd bring family here.Super friendly staff and great food! This is located inside the gas station, but don't let that deter you. Portions are large and the gyros are really good!Schwarma on the Slow. The food is tasty and it's in my neighborhood, but goodness gracious these guys are slow. It took 30 minutes from the time I ordered to the time I got my food. There were about 6 folks who ordered ahead of me, but getting an order out every 5 minutes for a place that advertises as "on the go" is just misleading.5/5 stars for this gem in New Orleans. Excellent food with lots of flavor and friendly staff. It's a must tryGreen falafel... I love it and this place has it!!! Don't let the gas station fool you, this place is the real deal. Everything is super yummy: chicken shawarma, gyro, feta salad, falafel. The service is very kind and knowledgeable. You should eat here.Soooo goood and delicious foods specially the gyro plate with the garlic creamy sauce on the topWe always get the combo platter with gyro and chicken and it is AMAZING! You get so much food and it's a great price! Everyone who works there is always really nice and helpful too!I just happened to be in the neighborhood, and I needed dinner. This place has only been open a couple of weeks, but it already has a following so I decided to try it. This food made for affordable easy take out. We got a gyro plate and a chicken Shwarma plate. The plates come with meat, hummus, rice, salad and pita bread. It was a great deal and very tasty. We will definitely make a trip back. I want to try their falafel. The service is very friendly. This is designed as a take out place,  but there are a couple of tables so you can eat there.This restaurant is one of my favorites in the neighborhood! It is obviously understated, but it is worth a stop for breakfast, lunch, second lunch, dinner or a snack.I been to many shawarma in New Orleans BUT the best shawarma I had it this store, people so amazing and helpful, I recommend it many time. SHAWARMA ON THE Go.Best food in a gas station in New Orleans. Service is amazing and the family that owns it are always genuinely nice. Great quality. I get food here at least once a month.For quick gas station convenient food this place is the BOMB... food tasted just as good as if you was at a high end restaurant... definitely worth the stop and also cheap which is also a winThis is the best shawarma and low cost falafel you will find in this city. The location is inside Jetgo, but don't let that throw you off...everything here is made daily and is super fresh and delicious. I get the combo plate andis enough for lunch and dinner. Getting hungry just writing this!I'm a bit shocked at this gas station location after thought. I get gas here all the time, but put my nose up at the new addition as I envisioned it as another Pita Pit. There was a poorly ran FroYo business here before. Yesterday, on a whim, I decided to try it out and I was fairly happy afterwards. 
The Food was really good. The Shwarma and Lamb were delicious, not overly seasoned as some Middle Eastern style restaurants do. Lemon Hummus, they can try and just name it hummus, but there is too much lemon for that and it was awesome. The Salad was really good with the homemade vinaigrette and fresh veggies. 
I do have three gripes. 
(1) The Pita Bread really Sucks. Its called Toilet Paper Pita because its standard, cheap, flavorless, forgettable and the 4 seconds that it sits in the George Forman doesn't do sh!t for it. Sorry, but other restaurants within a mile have raised the bar for Pita Bread (Shaya & Tal's). The bread served here is disappointing. 
(2) Frozen Peas Suck. Its an easy, cheap garnish for the rice, but nasty. Please give a menu option as a replacement for the rice, such as extra hummus. 
(3)The older man working in the open kitchen seemed easily irritated, sometimes confused and stubborn. It took him 10 minutes for a task that should have taken 2 - 3 minutes. When the younger worker and the register-lady tried to get things back on task, his ego and stubbornness prevailed as he didn't seem to be a team player. This will be a challenge for this quick serve establishment where positive team work is essential for maximum efficiency. Also, keeping up a high level of positive energy will go a long way to making this a place that people want to visit, and working in an Open Kitchen is like being on a stage in front of a hungry studio audience. You have to be an actor. 
With good food at a good value, this place has the potential to become popular. If they give the good food a Bread that is so damn delicious that we can't stop thinking about, then there will be lines out the door and franchises all over the city.Love this place and the family who runs it! Always wonderful service and the food is AMAZE. The shawarma and gyro platters are perfect for two people to split! My fav shawarma in Nola.Favorite Mediterranean food in NOLA...  These people are super nice and aim to please with your order...  Food is delicious!  By far the best!Run, do not walk to this delicious shawarma spot. Heads up. It's in a gas station, but do not let that deter you. This is some of the best shawarma I have ever had. And I've had a LOT. all over the country and world. On top of that the family who runs and owns this place are so sweet and helpful. Portions are plentiful and did I mention delicious??? Yum!Go here. Go here. Go here. Amazing authentic food, everything is made fresh on site. Had the lula kabob (ground beef and lamb) and it was absolutely delicious. Falafel was great too, and my friends loved the gyro and chicken shawarma. And halumi cheese!! To top it off, the owners are incredibly friendly and hospitable, really made us feel at home. Don't let the fact that it's connected to the gas station get in your way of having some of the tastiest food in New Orleans! Thanks for a great meal! I don't write Yelp reviews often, but when I do, it's for an amazing restaurant that everyone should know about.Don't let the gas station or the fast-food appearance fool you. The owner is from the Middle East and makes excellent fare. So glad I stopped here for lunch.BEST FOOD I'VE EVER HAD. I love this place so much, I come here once or twice a week...I can't get enough. The guys who work there are amazing and super friendly, sometimes they give me samples of everything while I wait, which I absolutely love. I couldn't love this place more!!!!! Everything I've had is fantastic, my personal favorites: Gryo, Falafel, Hummus, Baba Ganouj, Gyro Philly, Schwarma, pretty much everything on the menu is 100%!!Man I love this place! Good food and service! I don't know why but, I always enter on the convenience store side and even he is kind. Always pleasant, always greets.
It's on Magazine so parking can be challenging but, for me finding a spot at the gas station is no problem.
You can sit and eat. Nothing fancy, about four tables but, usually clear and clean.
I'm in love with their Gyros and fries. The chicken is good also but, I've been looking for a place to get a good gyros and I've finally found it! I don't know if it's just that the fries are always hot but, they are so good!!! Never any leftover. They aren't stingy with the meat or tsatzki! When I want a gyros I can't see me going anywhere else. You guys have definitely gained a new loyal customer.Like other reviewers said, it's kind of disconcerting to drive up to a gas station to go eat, but based on all the great reviews I wanted to try it.  As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a friendly, sweet lady at the register.  My husband and I each ordered a chicken shawarma plate with double salad, no rice, no pita bread (we eat low carb).  The salad with vinaigrette was so crunchy and tasty. The hummus was creamy, smooth and delicious topped with an olive! The chicken was flavorful, juicy and cooked perfectly. We were offered samples of two items they were considering adding to the menu.  There were specials that looked great which we plan to try next time (which may be tomorrow!!!). The owners were so warm-hearted and nice...combined with the incredible food...I hope to go there often to help them succeed.  Don't be put off by the gas station...go try this food! It's incredible!!!Food is fresh. Might not taste amazing but it is definitely above average. They go above and beyond with service and cleanliness. As long as they keep that up, they will have my businessDammmmn Gina!! You guys, I love Lebanese and Middle Eastern food ( if I could only eat one kind of food for the rest of my life, Lebanese is the easy winner) Anyways, that being said, tonight I had the best Chicken Schwarma in the city (and maybe my life) from Schwarma to Go. First off, they wrap it up like a burrito, nice and tight so none of the goodness falls out, and it's so plump the whole time. The chicken is sliced straight off the spit, and the flavor.. it's so delicate but robust. I mean what was that, cumin, that was dancing on my taste buds? Then they put pickles, and their sauce (kinda like tahini and lebnuh mixed?  But oh so delectable) AND they stuff it with fries. And it was priced at something like $9.
Have you ever kinda danced when you're eating your food--because it's that's good? Well I danced tonight. Also, the schwarma wraps come with homemade hummus and a fresh salad with homemade vinaigrette. The hummus was so creamy and smooth and topped with a perfectly pitted kalamata olive. And the salad? Well my husband who seriously made me just a steak the first time he ever made me dinner-- loved the salad. His words were "I ate the shit outta that salad."
 I also got a side of the tzatziki for schwarma dippin' and it was perfectly creamy and tangy with strings of cucumber saturating it.
Lastly, we spoke with the owner (the main cook) and his son who rang us up and they were SO sweet and kind. They seemed genuinely happy to be serving us and sharing their menu with us. Also, I love that it is in their family run gas station. The whole place is spic and span. Support these guys, you won't regret it! Now I'm going to change into sweat pants.I had my doubts about shawarma from a gas station, especially considering I grew up in a highly Middle Eastern community where the food was amazing....but this place is legit! Very friendly young man working, and the food tasted like home! Super excited to find this place, and will be back!Fresh. Authentic. Delicious.  I'll be back.  I love this place.  I was worried that I wouldn't be able to partake and enjoy them this year because I've switched to a pescatarian diet.  They made me a shrimp "gyro " that was Delicious! With hummus and salad in the side extra pita.  Anytime I don't have a picture the food was REALLY good.Food was good and owner very nice. If I was hungry and close by I would return but I don't think I'd make a trip across town for it.The kids and I stopped here after visiting the zoo one afternoon.
You will probably have to search for parking on the street and yes it is in a gas station.
But the food is priced reasonably and is very tasty.Good food, decently fast. My favorite is the Philly Cheesesteak with gyro meat. Their gyro is 100% lamb, not a lamb/beef mix like most places.Since having moved to the city, I've longed for a place that prepares this cuisine the way these guys prepared my food.  
I'll be eating here weekly for sure!
Chicken shawarma on point!  Super clean facility and FRESH! This is a restaurant with a gas station.  Not a gas station that serves food.Best shwarmas I've ever had! I have been coming to eat here since they open, and their food is always so delicious and well-priced.Great place for a fast bite. The chicken shawarma plate is excellent. I eat here at least twice a week.I did have an enjoyable experience and ate decent food. I'm giving three stars though. I've been passing this gas station kitchen for quite a while before stopping in today. I thought this would be more affordable, as it is a to go box and counter service. I paid nearly 11 dollars for a Falafel sammich in a box. Decent falafel, but definitely not worth the price for the serving environment. Next time I want to spend that much for a Falafel, I'll go to a music festival or a sit down restaurant.This is my first yelp review! I ordered their newest dish, the "Iraqi Kebab" and it was absolutely amazing! So much flavor! The entire meal was a tad too big for me to finish (which is a GOOD thing because I'm always up for leftovers!) As first time visitors to New Orleans, we are so happy to have found this place! 5 stars! The owners are so friendly as well, went above and beyond for us! We really enjoyed meeting them.The best chicken shawarma I've ever had! Nice and clean location, good prices, very friendly family owned business ! 100% recommend- The food was fresh
-The service was personable
 -Meat quality five stars
-sauses/ made in-house
-Great option if you want to try to eat      healthy!
- vegetarian option!We stopped here again today to get the chicken lula and chicken philly. Both were great. Usually the philly sandwiches I have tried, they will put too much cheese for my taste, but this was perfect. Will highly recommend this place. My husband preferred chicken over beef lula kabab, but I loved the beef more. However, both are equally juicy, tender, and amazing in taste.Decided to try this place today based on the other reviews. It's in a gas station that is incredibly clean. The restaurant was very clean and smelled wonderful. It's run by a family who are so kind and friendly. Everything is made fresh, from scratch daily. It tastes incredible. I ordered a chicken schwarma and it's awesome. They also gave me some samples of a crazy awesome cheese and their gyro meet. Both were incredible. Visit here if you are nearby, you won't regret it.Every bit made from scratch! Owner offers samples proudly and frequently and food is delicious and reasonably priced. Will definitely become a regular here. The gyro meat is delicious but greasy. The chicken with the white garlic sauce is fantastic, so if you want it lighter go with that option.So delicious!! Got the chicken schwarma, falafel and for dessert, the baklava. All were delicious and tasted like a home cooked, authentic meal. Can't wait to go back.I love Greek and Lebanese food. This did not disappoint. It's a family run joint in a gas station. Don't let the fact that it's in a gas station stop you from trying out the food. I had the gyro plate. It's 10$ but enough food for me to have two meals. I have no complaints on the food, owners were really friendly and eager to please their customers.  
My only complaint: PLEASE CLEAN THE RESTROOMS. I pass here all the time, but I don't stop because the restrooms are so gross that I won't go in them. If I can't use the restroom, I don't stop to eat there. I'm to busy to have to stop to eat then go to another place to pee.Have had the chicken and gyro plates on separate occasions. Bay far the best of either I have had in town. Of the well known spots in Metairie, N.O., etc. these guys are phenomenal.
Chicken is prepared well, has nice crispy parts here and there, not burned. Same with the gyro meat. The rice is tasty and the hummus is fresh. The pita bread for dipping is also fresh.
Given its location, there are only a few tables if you plan to dine in and it can get busy during lunch hour.
Have yet to try other stuff on the menu but if it is anything like the plates, it will likely be top-notch.I can tell you one thing about this place they have the best chicken shawarma in NOLA, I tried so many places no one does it like them thier chicken shawarma is full of flavor, Me and my whole family love's this place we always order on the phone and our order always ready when we get there.Came here for a quick lunch while I was moving. I was blown away by how good this place was for being connected to a gas station. The best place to get a Gyro sandwich in Nola hands down.