Beet burger was awesome and vegan, with a lot of fries for less than 10$. Cash only was th only downside, they didn't specify beforehand.This is an interesting bar off St. Claude - were many other diverse bars and art galleries are within walking distance. It's a metal bar with live music, but they pretty much have a full kitchen with Slavic food, but with a handful of vegetarian options. Inneresting! 
I like the feel - dark, loud, a little dirty. I haven't come across a metal bar like this in NOLA yet, so it definitely stands out from the others in my book.  
Kitchen is open 5pm-midnight.
Cover varies, so check their lineup!This is a fine music club with a great sound system. The handful of times I've been here, I've seen a variety of acts... its is not merely a metal club like some reviews would label it. I've seen country music, gypsy.... dudes singing sea shanties. Come to think of it, I don't think I've ever seen a metal band here. 
There is great music here for sure and the club has a no bull shit aesthetic and great kitchen in the back.  And they can make decent cocktails. I don't recall the bathroom being disgusting.  So it is not a dive. 
Great.  What's to complain about? 
This club might as well be in Portland, Oregon. Half the customers bore me to tears.  I'm sure lots of nice, cool people come here.  But there are a lot of frightened people - afraid to get out of their element. 
Fuck your scene or whatever you think your scene is. There are working class black bars in this town that have more musical talent working it on a daily basis than you can shake a stick at. Super-friendly places. Go there. Come back to this place.  While all the self-segregation?
One reviewer here is worried about the drunk white girls making their way home. I don't even know how to respond to that.a great dive bar/ live music spot!  Totally dirty and rock and roll.Prior to a few months ago, I would have told you that the name Siberia seemed like a good descriptor for the bar on St. Claude. Mostly because I thought the area was about as far away and desolate as Siberia. Recently my opinion has changed and I quite enjoy hanging out in the St. Claude area and therefore tried Siberia for the first time a few weeks ago. The bar itself on the outside is a bit intimidating and rather abandoned looking. The inside of the bar was not much to look at either, not much more than a bar and a stage. The bartender was very friendly and super attentive. It was early and before a show on Saturday night, so there was not much of a crowd. I would come back here for a show or to grab a drink. I feel like it is a fairly laid back regular kind of crowd until the metal band or bounce music gets going. You should go at least once if for nothing more than to check out the awesome cardboard cut out of Snoop.It's amazing. And very reasonably priced. And you can watch shows for free while they prep your order? (Lol sorry if you hate loud ass metal. I'm not too much of a fan either but I still kind of like being thrown into the environment temporarily while I wait on a pirogies (think I misspelled that)). 
The burgers are great. I like the ruski. Also a great Reuben and the fries are a huge
portion for 2.5. I'm a big fan of the pickled veg too. 
Just go, you will be stuffed and happy.Siberia to me is a metal heads heaven.  All the times I have come here was to see rock metal bands.  Nice small (but bigger than Twist of Lime) venue to get close to the band and wide enough to spread out.   I just cant imagine this place as anything else than rock, but I recently was here for a rap show and it was just as good!  I heard there is bounce nights here, now I can visualize it just fine and am now looking forward to going to one. 
The location is a strange one. The area is a gentrified locale with a odd mix of bars basically right in the middle of the hood,  Of all the times I have been here and the adjoining clubs, I never had a problem with trouble.  I worry about all the girls I see outside obviously white girl wasted waiting for a party bus to come pick them up in their glitter mini skirts. In the middle of the hood. But I digress. Back to the bar..
The bar is a long deep one.  The back room was recently opened all the time and also has a bar.  There is a difference in drinks available from front to back which makes it cool. LIke draft PBR upfront, canned PBR in the back.   Also you can see the next act in the back bar in a draped off area getting ready and setting up equipment or just chill with them and buy them a drink.
There is a yummy smelling food service in the middle called Kukhnya.  I havent eaten here yet but from all the plates and baskets that go passed my face, it looks and smells awesome.  
Usually there is a cover so be ready.  Also its one of them things like I mentioned above,  if you havent been here, you probably havent been to the nearby places, Hi Ho, Always Lounge,  Kajuns Pub, Phoenix Bar and so on.   Its a busy beer fun filled area.  No worries :-)A group of friends and I went to Siberia for a bounce concert last night. Needless to say - we will not be going back. Of all the places I have been to in New Orleans, this was the absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced. Upon walking into the bar, the bartender was extremely unpleasant to my friends and I. (I.e. Rolling her eyes when asking for a drink, and intentionally walking past us multiple times and glaring at us.) When one asked if she made long island iced teas, she proceeded to ask "is that a real fucking question", then made him 2 and charged him $34 (an insane price for a dive bar). When closing my tab out, the bartender was unhappy with the tip I refused to give her, and threw the receipt in my face. 
I chose to call the manager tonight to let her know about the incident, in hopes that she would have a discussion with the bartender about appropriate behavior with customers. The manager was entirely dismissive and apathetic about the situation. She proceeded to tell me that she is well aware of who her employees are at Siberia, and began making excuses for her unpleasant bartender. Our conversation ended with her saying (in a sarcastic tone) "Well my dear, I'm sorry you felt that way."You would think that the manager would have been more responsive to the feedback, considering her employees are those who represent the name of the brand.
As a former waitress, I am well aware that stressful environments can bring out the worst in people, but there is no excuse for the disgusting behavior shown by these employees. To any other employees of Siberia reading this - you should really consider who you hire, because from my interactions, I now have a terrible perception of the dive bar as a whole. I will also continue telling all friends and co-workers about this horrible experience in hopes that they will never contribute to such a miserable atmosphere.It's good food but the portions got smaller! I the burger doesn't fill the entire bun any more and I used to get so full.
Also my friends don't want to go there anymore because that guy in the kitchen is a sexual predator idk the details
Queer bands stopped booking here so it's just bros and the comedy burlesque night is embarrassing 
The burger with the ham is pretty good. Used to be biggerThe food was so delicious. One of the best burgers I'm ever had!! With a side of grilled asparagus and some crazy cabbage rap with Shrooms. Yummy!!We didn't enter the place because of the crowd outside( we were uncomfortable and decided to leave) . So I can't really review this bar. But the neighborhood doesn't seem safe to me.As a visitor to New Orleans I would recommend skipping this place. They are the most fucked up place I have ever been to in my life. We payed $10 cover charge to see a lackluster burlesque show. As we were paying for drinks they then attempted to charge us again for another cover charge to to see their lame bands that came on afterwards. They continually harassed us to pay another cover charge to see their stupid bands perform. I refused to pay ANOTHER cover charge to watch their pathetic bands perform. They are total dicks and I would recommend anyone to stay clear of this place. Beware Angelenos and the rest of the world.I always feel slightly out of place at this bar, because compared to everyone else I'm definitely lacking in the tattoo department. However, it's kind of like going to Saturn Bar. Even though everyone is a 20 year old hipster and I'm totally out of place, I still like the bar and everyone is generally friendly. (i.e. It's probably all in my head.) 
Make no mistake: this is a metal bar. All the way. I'm not much of a heavy metal fan these days, so I try really hard to avoid the music. They're always cool about letting you in without having to pay the cover if you're trying to get some food, or if you were there early and you aren't staying for the show. This is not to say that you shouldn't pay the cover, definitely support local music, tip the band, pay the cover, go to the show. But I think it's cool that I don't have to go elsewhere to avoid paying a $5 cover when all I really want is some of their awesome food (and, probably, earplugs.) 
Speaking of the food. It f*cking rocks. The only thing I've tried so far is the fish and chips, but it was uhhhhmazing. Like, really really good. I think even the ketchup was house made. 
Interesting place, great food, pleasant staff. Overall, a win.Stopped in here for a snack. I'm into that food-window-in-a-bar situation. Got perogies, they were under-salted but they were good. Also got the spinach mushroom blini, which ruled. There was weird terrible ambient music playing... but I think they were between events. 
Then I walked out and went to allways lounge, which was kind of quiet, because it was post sex-toy-demo-event and the live music hadn't started. Then I walked out and walked by the Hi Ho Lounge which had some kind of meh punk show happening. Then I walked into St. Roch tavern and got tacos, which were the highlight of the night.Great bar,  Ruskie and Luke really took care of me and my friends.  The food was really well prepared Eastern European fare.  Live music,  this place rocks.Ever tried Bisongrass vodka? If you're curious, I highly recommend popping by Siberia Lounge just to taste a Żubrówka cocktail or sample it straight up. The cocktails here are palatable, creative and served up by a friendly, no-nonsense bartender in a friendly atmosphere. 
Unfortunately, we didn't get to hear live music because the sound guy never showed up but we did enjoy chatting with the other bar patrons and learning more about the area from them. Definitely would return on our next trip.If i could i would give this place more stars. Such a great dive and the food was to die for. Next time im in NO i will be hitting this place up!I really love Siberia.  The exterior (and even interior) can be pretty intimidating and give the impression that it is a hardcore metal/punk refuge.  While it can be classified as such I've found it to be one of the most welcoming and friendly place to be in the city.  I've been here a few times thinking I just came away on an off night, but each time was lots of fun.
It is a bare-bones bar (this doesn't fit my definition of "dive") and the acoustics may not lend themselves to a recording session, but what this place lacks in aesthetics it makes up for with warmth and service. It is a large hall with a long bar and small pool area in the back with everything painted black. They cater to a host of different types of music and acts.  
There is a decent selection on tap with enough behind the bar to find your palate.  If you're knee deep in a night of drinking nothing quite hits the spot like Polish soul food at in-bar restaurant, Kukhnya.  Great service from the kitchen staff, as well. 
I would certainly recommend folks giving this place a shot and chatting up the regulars and/or bands that are playing here.Nice local spot!  It's a great hodge podge of local and transplanted talent for a great show called " Tits and giggles,  a combination comedy and burlesque show.Great food. Be ready for a 5$ surcharge beyond cover if under 21. Total scam if you pre purchase tickets. Either lose money or pay up.. Won't make that mistake again. Add the warning visibly if not at all to your website....
Saw a Big Frieda concert and had a blast, mainly because of Big Frieda, Shaketeam Reedy and other bounce artists.
Staff was pretty grumpy for a what came across as a try hard dive bar, it's not a dive bar.
Going to claim dive bar be one. Food prices are the only thing that came close.
Was hoping to eat some cevapi..Great place for Sunday brunch. We loved the food, super fresh with homemade Eastern European delicacies like homemade kielbasa & mustard. It's a bar so don't expect anything fancy and you have to order at the bar, but absolutely worth it.I grew up on Polish food and have been there many times.  The Polish food at Siberia is the real deal! Had an amazing experience for Dyngus daySiberia has the perfect name. You don't think of going there, it seems too far away sometimes, but when you go, you always come back with stories that you are glad you can share with others. Siberia has really come leaps and bounds from it's beginnings, from expanding it's real estate internally to making appropriate renovations in the bathroom and always hosting really rad musical events, Siberia is a place you got to go, at least once. 
What to see; any local band perform.
What to expect; dancing, standing room only and wet floors. Dancing with beer makes this so.
What to drink; any of the drink specials on the board, mostly geared towards the rum drinkers. Pirates, ahoy!
When to go; early show or late, weekend or hump day, Siberia always offers great entertainment no matter your schedule.This place is a gem. Laid back bartenders, delicious pinot in a can, rad music (this used to be a heavy metal bar), and a Slovak restaurant in the back serving deliciousness.Only came for the annual Star Wars Dance Party which awesome dj friends put on.  Haven't been here in ages.  Now I remember why.  This place is nothing special.  Typical NOLA Marigny/Bywater bar.  Needs better A/C.  Stifling hot.  Almost unbearable.  A friend had to go out to her car to get something to put her hair put in.  I was sporting a long wig, so that option was out for moi.  Had a blast with my friends but obviously that can be anywhere.  Def nothing special about this place.AMAZING beet reuben and food in general. We loved our dinner, and the Trivia Night was a lot of fun.Siberia can be fun for special events, especially when there is a door cover. I don't think I will go again on a night when there is no cover. Crusty kids love this place. 
Personally, I would not go alone.
I wish I could say more positive things. I've had a few fun times here but I am far from a regular.Went to check out the food a few months ago. No complaints there. Low priced and it tasted good. Make no mistake though, this place is a complete fucking dive. It's dirty and so are most of the patrons. Bartender walked right past me for 20 minutes while I tried to order my first drink. She was not busy. I guess only regulars get decent service.As a genuine Pollack I must attest the food here is authentic and delis.  Only place in the big easy. Slavic enthusiasts come one. Come all!My favorite is the beet burger. The service is always great.  They're recently changed the back area and it seems more spacious now.First of all, the bartenders were super friendly and helpful. I haven't had the chance to see a show here, but for a dark, punk/rock bar, it was pretty clean. The bartender took the time to explain the Polish beer options to us, as well as how to make a sauzerac.
The food was delish, and as a vegetarian, I had multiple options. The neighborhood is a little shady, but it so worth going there.Super friendly crowd of people ranging from the rough and edgy to the artsy and eccentric. Bartenders are super sweet and attentive and there are minimal creepers hanging around. Highly recommend the Comdey and Burlesque night on Monday's, it's an plentiful helping of great entertainment AND it's Free.99 So totally worth it.My first experience here as great, a little confusing but good. Food was good, and a live artist singing with his guitar. Couldn't have ask for a more pleasurable experience :)For the most part we had a ok experience. A group of friends and I went to dinner here and the food was awesome and very affordable. One of the workers though wouldn't stop staring at one of the girls in our group and was getting the other workers to check her out which made her uncomfortable. 
We had a few drinks (which were pretty good) and were waiting for a show. A lady came up to us (and only us, no one else in the bar) and asked us for the $8 cover charge for the show. Then she said that one of the people in our group was going to be $12 because she was only 20. It usually wouldn't be a big deal, but it says nothing about a higher charge for people under 21 on the website and we had already spent quite a bit on food and drinks. So we left instead of staying for the show. 
Great place for food and drinks, but honestly in the future I would go here for dinner and then head across the street to Allways for a show.The only thing better than watching the perogies get made is eating the perogies. I was just really thrilled about the perogies, that's all.I went here for the Polish food from Kukhnya -- I got the Polish Sampler and it was delicious. I sat at the bar and had a great chat with a dude that ended up being the DJ that was performing that night. I didn't see the DJ Pasta show but am planning to head back tonight for some Pasta and cheap drinks.This place is super awesome. They have great drink specials, amazing food (omg the food is so good), and really great prices. If you are looking for a great pool table, service, and great drink specials head on over to Siberia. Easy to park.Great metal bar.  Pool table and video game cabinets in the back.  Antler chandeliers and deer heads decorate the bar.  Fantastic slavic bar food in the back.I loved this beat up bar, with a Slavic street food restaurant in the back. More on that in my review of the actual restaurant.
A dark bar with a Russian vibe. Get some vodka and listen to music, comrade, you are welcome here. It's sort of out of the way, but that's good. Not touristy, though I was a tourist. Whatever. GO HERE.If words exist to explain the mash up of awesomeness that is Siberia, I have failed to learn them. The pierogis were top notch! I feel as though I've been on a tour of Pierogis in the US and I had some excellent ones at Siberia. My friend leaned over (despite having known me & my slow eating habits for more than a dozen years) asking, "You gonna finish that?"      
I sure did...
I'm not sure how we ended up there or how we found the place- I'm glad we did. Something about it reminds me of the Athens, GA of 25yrs ago and even parts of Atlanta, GA around then give or take. The place felt incredibly genuine which is not altogether common of late.If you like Eastern European food come here! The pierogis are hand made fresh! The vodka is cold! And the bartenders are amazing!  If I close my eyes I'm back in Poland!This place is what New Orleans is all about. Best Rueben in the galaxy. Where they work hard and fight harder. 
Mean cabbage and a vicious left hook.  
I was there the night the barkeep fought the cook. 
With a clink and a crash went the bottles and the trash. 
The sounds filled New Orleans and the band came to look. 
I was there the night the barkeep fought the cook.Bartenders and owners were so friendly, but more importantly (to me) the Russian-Ukrainian cuisine was really authentic  (and delicious), and I say that after having lived in Russia. Was so glad I discovered this place. Really reasonably-priced, too. Try the borshch!This is another place for younger adults. They have friendly bar tenders and food service people and they took good care of me even though I had everyone in the place by 30 years. The frys were great with loads of toppings. This is a fun place if you like loud music and contemporary new age bands.Champagne in a can... sometimes it's the little things that make me infinitely happy. Tiny bubbles, tiny can.. the most exquisite things come in small packages (I mean, look at Yours, Truly! bat bat bat...)
In all seriousness, Siberia is a fucking kick-ass bar. I celebrated my move to the hood here with one Jeff S, gobbling down a beet burger and throwing back tiny can after tiny can of champagne. I dare you to show me a better celebration.thank GAWD they didn't name it Twistas like the rumor was, geez louise, can't wait to get donw there again and have a 'Royal Sceptre' cocktail, but make sure Muscle makes it in the bathroom!When this place has a band that PACKS the house, it is miserable. Any other time than that, it's an alright bar. I'm sorry, but that costs at least a star because those are the only times I'm really ever gonna come out here.
I'm glad there are still venues in the city who will pull out all the stops and get a band to play NOLA at ALL COST, but I'm sorry, Siberia is not a big enough venue for some of the shows they put on there. It's just NOT. The last time Goathwhore played, I actually had to leave 3 songs into the set because I literally could not breathe and I felt like a sardine packed in an unopened tin in the sun. Please, let the bigger bands play bigger venues.
Other than that, though, it is a solid bar. They have decent beers on hand and are fair with their pricing. Parking is difficult, though not as difficult as parking in the quarter itself. You can get away with parking in the residential area behind the bar.
They serve food here, and last time I realized that, I was about 2 seconds away from ordering their braised beef stroganoff because I heard it was phenomenal. I do hope to get back over there soon and check it out. (edit: 10/29/16 had the braised beef stroganoff over the weekend. $9 for a pretty big open carton of tasty food. WORTH it. I don't know if this nifty ordering process is the norm, but I was given a playing card and told to come back in ten minutes with the card. Even though there was a show I was there to see, I HAD to try this stuff. Totally worth it.)
Like I said, when there's a big band playing there, it is absolutely miserable. It is literally like packing a couple hundred people in a hallway with the band at one end. There is almost NO hope at getting close to the bar for a drink because of people constantly going in and out, trying to escape the tight crowds and then trying to get back in to see at least some of the show. For smaller bands, it's not anywhere NEAR as bad and is actually quite pleasant to be up close and personal with the bands.This is a review of the kitchen only. Stopped in one night after a bit too much day drinking. I don't know what the music was but it was really eerie and mesmerizing at the same time. Kinda like Hitchcock theme music. Anyhow, this isn't about the music. The kitchen had a pork chop special of about $10 that night. I'd looked at their menu a couple of times before and everything sounded like an adventure. So to minimize the agonizing over what to have, I picked the special. It took a while but when my food was ready, dang! Hands down, one of my top three pork chops EVER! No sauce or glaze on it, just a pork chop grilled to perfection. It came with red cabbage too, which I actually liked. I can't tell you how it was prepared because I was busy wolfing down my pork chop. My pollo-pescatarian friend must've thought it was good too because she kept looking at it, but I care about her dietary choices and didn't share any with her. Sad I didn't take a pic but it was soooo good! Try it!Drove into town for Mike IX's benefit. Place is rad. Beers are cheap. The burgers are INSANE! Nothing beats a good dive bar.The doorman had the worst body odor ever. You could smell him from 2 meters away.  However, that would probably be very effective when breaking up a bar fight.Woah! This place came out of nowhere! I heard rumors of former Mimi's employees banding together to open a bar, but never actually thought it would materialize. I sure am glad it did. 
I came in around 1:30 on a Saturday night to check the place out. The bar was semi-empty, and my first impression was that it was so nicely decorated/renovated, that it didn't belong on St. Claude!!!! The bathrooms were super nice, the bar was shiny, the drinks were cheap.... I'm in love!!
The patrons were the same ones I see over at the Hi-Ho and Saturn bar.... . I will be going back on Thursday to see one of my favorite bands and am so happy!We made the taxi ride from our hotel to catch the Easter holiday cabaret show. If you are looking for quirky, kinky fun without a tourist in sight this is the place. "Freakshaeux to Gaeux" performed and it was well worth the $10 cover. I'm not a big fan of East European food but this wasn't the bland fare I'm used to. Dark walls, friendly folks, torn couches and DJ sets of IDM music completed the experience. It was the best stop of our week in NOLA.I love Siberia food and it's one of my favorite barsFood was fabulous. Service great. Price excellent. Friendly staff.  Especially loved the mushroom blinis and pierogies.This is THE place in New Orleans to catch a metal show. Accept no imitations. Also, the food is 1,000x better than it has any business being. A metal venue with awesome food? HELL YES!!!!Cool bar, decent prices, nice bartenders, great music.From out of town and had to hit up a local spot and the Chef Knocked it out of the park!  We had the ribs, we had the bacon wrapped chicken, salad!  We enjoyed it all!  Thank you Chef JoshI only find myself in Siberia on occasion when I'm catching a show. (And for the delicious food... but that's for a different review.). I appreciate that they offer a specific type of musical act that you can't find much elsewhere in NOLA. And the covers are reasonable. However I do find the drink prices to be a bit higher than comparable establishments in the area so I usually just opt for the $3 high life or bud light. 
Expect a crowd fully invested in the show and the venue being a tight squeeze for the bigger shows. A seat at the bar makes for a good view of the stage if you're lucky enough to snag one. Pro tip: sometimes the back bar is open for cash only.Great atmosphere!  The honey lemon dill on the beet salad is amazing and very vegan friendly. Catch a show too!I go to Sibera fairly often to see shows and certain DJs. I don't think I've ever seen a metal band there because that's not really my thing. I don't really know what else to say about it. Authentic-feeling place with a nice and weird, if somewhat insular, crowd.Kick ass dive with great shows from hip hop to metal. The metal dudes will usually glare at you when you walk by. The hip hop people will generally offer you drugs. I've only sampled friends foods at Siberia, but it's always been surprisingly good. They'll occasionally get some really great touring acts as well as the constant stream of local classics. Whether you're there to catch bike porn night, get down during a DJ/ electronic night or simply have your ears blown off by soul shattering punk/ metal band, you'll probably have one of the weirder nights of your life in this bar.So cheap and so delicious! While we were eating a guy came in shortly after they stopped serving food and they made something for him anyway. Great service! Definitely try the pirogies.A bar/restaurant in New Orleans that serves Polish/Slavic food! With character and atmosphere. 
Siberia is one of those gems you hope the tourists don't find--although I am one. It is one of a kind. It is phenomenal. A dark cave, with character in every nook and cranny of the space. It is like a treasure hunt for adults with alcoholic beverages. 
The space is dark. When I say dark, the walls are painted black. On all the surfaces though there is something, whether it painted onto the surface, or outsider art hanging, or flyers, or, or, or... There is a stage for shows--I'll get to that--and a long bar. It has character. It has depth. It is unpretentious. 
The staff was great. One of the things I hated most as a bartender was the drink order, "make me something. Surprise me." Well, I'm that person now, but only on a slow night, and when I give inspiration. So, I gave that order, with the suggestions, "bourbon." I was not disappointed. Red absinthe, bourbon, a little simple syrup, and water. Wow! For the rest of the night I ordered cocktails, and was pleased with every one. The staff was courteous and friendly. You can tell this is a locals bar, but everyone smiled. 
The food is great. I am probably biased because it is so hard to find restaurants with slavic food, but it was delicious. It is separate from the bar, but inside the bar. You order at a window. They eventually call your order. The food comes out in paper dishes. I ordered a whole host of food. The noodles were tasty. The pierogi's were to die for. The helpings are quite sizable and a few dishes can be shared between two people. 
There was a comedy act and burlesque the night we went. Wow! A lot of fun. Some of the acts fell short--open mic--but that is expected. The burlesque though, they were great. Such a good show. The comedy was fun. Some were spot on, some you felt bad for, but you still clapped. It was a raucous time. 
This bar is outside the tourist area. Grab transportation there. Don't judge a book by its cover, walk on in there and you will not be disappointed. 
I saw they have musical acts here, and I can only imagine it would be a rowdy space for a show. This will be my first stop when I'm back.Cool and friendly.  I always end up chatting with strangers, but these folks are especially inviting.  I'm guessing most folks here are regulars, but they don't stare at us foreigners, like some places.
Food was good - my friends and I mixed and matched 3 different po'boys among us, and they were all delicious.i always get ROTD for out-dated reviews...
...live music is back!  ...and the hiatus spawned a little more diversity.  i've seen comedy and a bunch of other (mostly) non-metal shows here lately and they were all awesome.  
...and yes they still have the heavy stuff too...and cheap drinks and surprisingly great food.
it's the bar that beat City Hall...everyone give it up for Siberia!i've been going to Siberia a lot since i moved closer (and i feel sorry for them losing their band privileges) and i've gotten a new appreciation for it.
i never really went to many shows here because i only dig angry, raw, noisy music and the smell of unwashed flesh in small doses and that seemed to be the scene here (though i'm glad we have a place for that.)  But as a neighborhood bar and a place to eat it's awesome.  They've always been cheap and (possibly to drum up business) they've had some damn good specials.  it's definitely turning into one of my regular stops.Siberia is a solid neighborhood bar. I think it's too nice to really be called a dive bar, but maybe my standards are low. Even though I don't live in the neighborhood, I've always felt welcome..maybe it's because I order easy drinks like bourbon and water.
I have not heard a live music show here...and the one time I was here when one was setting up, I fled before it started. The huge Marshall bass amp in a cinderblock building and me with no earplugs was the frightening piece of equipment that scared me away..yipes! A little bit of knowledge about hearing loss is terrible thing.
Now if I could ever get over there when the Polish popup was open, I'd be a happy girl.We had heard good things about the vegan food (most of which is not specifically vegan, but can be made so upon request) I can't recommend this place enough! 
The staff in who took our food orders were beyond helpful. The food was AMAZING (Seriously, the beet burger is bitchin, as is the asparagus salad.)
And it's a relaxed atmosphere and wonderfullly divey. Looking forward to going back again soon.I must have gone here three, maybe four times during my last visit to New Orleans. Each time I ordered food and cocktails. Their kitchen is open late, which was very convenient as I was staying at a nearby hotel. The last night I went, I was the only patron walking in ten minutes before the kitchen closed. I asked the pretty lady behind the bar where else I could go for food, as I didn't want to be the asshole that orders when the kitchen is about to close. She insisted I ask the cooks if they were open. They were extremely friendly, and practically insisted I order without feeling guilty about it. Super appreciated - especially being that I have a background in the service industry. I'm sure I will be there many times during my next visit.Love this place and I go every time I visit New Orleans. Hidden gem and has the best polish food. Totally recommend you hit it up for a good timesWe stumbled into a variety show here after leaving Kermit Ruffin's show at his Mother-In-Law Lounge and ran into a burlesque performer we'd just seen play Kermit the Frog in a Muppets-themed show at One Eyed Jacks the night before. What are the odds?
The comedy was a bit uneven but the burlesque was excellent and we loved the atmosphere here. We had just eaten or we would have tried the Slavic food that everyone told us is the best on the bloc.Food was better than big stash's in linden, nj. Pierogies outstanding. Stuffed cabbage better with some rice. Service great, staff excellent. Great value.Had a fantastic meal at Siberia.  Food was great.  Prices were so good.  Great time.  If you travel to NOLA you must venture off the French Quarter and experience  Siberia. .....Great sound system; not-so-great acoustics. Also, the arrangement of the stage at the front of the bar means that people tend to pack in up front, hampering the progress of those trying to enter. Overall though, it's a cool place, definitely up to parr with other NO music joints. The bar was stocked well, and the bartenders are quick to respond when you need a drink. I'd definitely like to go back to try the food, but wouldn't fight the crowd to go to another show there.Very fun!
Authentic eastern European music + food. 
Very cute bar. Limited seating but normal for a bar. Pierogis were fantastic. 10/10 would recommend. A great glimpse into the other music NOLA has to offer.I was fortunate enough to make a friend during Yelp Spring Break to be able to explore the local flavor of NOLA. My friend and I wandered here to kill some time. I think we grabbed water here and the bartenders were actually nice about it. There are pool tables and one was occupied with band equipment. Looks like a band was setting up and the patrons were waiting around for it. I have this feeling it's some kind of rock bad of sorts. Anyway, you can enjoy live music in NOLA that's for sure. The main room where the bar and band were at isn't very large so I can see this getting packed like sardines pretty fast.
Anyway, place seemed chill though and the patrons. Don't need to be dressed up here for sure. We were able to get into this venue without cover thanks to the Yelp Spring Break deals/hook ups! Gotta give NOLA CM, Joi B. for setting all the yelpers up real well!Nice little tucked away dive bar off St. Claude featuring some good music most nights. I love the setup, my only problem is that they don't have specialty cocktails that I am really into right now but I can get over it. They also have a great selection of food at a very cheap price.+ beet burger and cheese burger were both delicious
+ cool vibe with interesting peopleRueben, patty melt, pierogis, fries....amazing meal...for a great value...beers at the bar and a comedian begging us to clap and engage him....
However they could not take the heckling and a Small bouncer threatened to kick me out....while I was outside.....yous guys gotta toughen up and take the abuse...I was heckling the mc! He's there every week....if he cannot take the abuse.....
Incredible how many snowflakes feel that everyone deserves a participation trophy.....
Then this overly sensitive guy started telling me what to do....maybe he was right....if you can't take the heat....get out of the kitchen. All apologies...
The food was really incredible....truly a special place....I really don't know what to think about Siberia. It's obviously a neighborhood dive bar. I went here with some friends to see a band. It was a pretty good time. I liked that it wasn't super packed and there were benches for sitting. The place is really dingy and on the night I went the bathroom was pretty gross like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. 
The bartender was nice enough, but the patrons weren't overly friendly. I'm used to people who at least return a smile, but these folks weren't having it. It almost seemed like they were in their own little "regulars" clique and I was the new kid they didn't know or want to acknowledge.
I'd probably go back if there was a band or something, but I wouldn't go out of my way.