Was walking down St. Charles looking for a place to get breakfast when we decided to check out the Silver Whistle Café! It ended up being a great choice. We were sat right away and had our food within twenty minutes. Two of us split an order of the pecan waffles, eggs, hash browns, and a biscuit - and they were all soooo yummy. Especially the hash browns  Our waitress - didn't catch her name - was so sweet and asked where we were visiting from and even suggested restaurants for later in the day! Definitely worth a visit!Cute place to stop in and have a cinnamon bun and mimosa on a warm day.  They also have coffee, teas and other pastries and quiche.So pleasantly surprised! Love their blueberry-champagne cocktail. Eggs Benedict and pimento cheese omelette are both delicious! My favorite, for some reason are their hash browns. They are small potatoes, cut in half, and seasoned wonderfully with butter and more. 
I did want a bit more kick on the omelette, but McIlhenny helped me with that fine.Get the blueberry muffin! Hey you get the blueberry muffin! Oh yea get the blueberry muffin! So good didnt get a pic. The breakfast poboy was perfect!We walked over here after checking out from our Air BnB. I wanted eggs Benedict and per yelp they do have them here. The decor is really neat love the old rusty feel. It's located right at the entrance of Pontchartrain Hotel. 
I ordered the Pontchartrain Benedict which was the biscuit, poached eggs, ham, sriracha hollandaise. I ordered hollandaise sauce on the side. The sauce does have a kick to it since they do add sriracha to but it was awesome. My hubby ordered the NOLA Breakfast which consist of choice of eggs, bacon, ham or sausage, grits or hash browns, biscuit or toast. The grits were great. We definitely didn't go wrong stopping here.Had breakfast here this morning. Food Was great. Service not so much. Once seated, it was at least 10 minutes before we had a server. We ordered coffee and water which took a few minutes to come. Our server then brought us a free blueberry muffins as an apology .We asked for creamer... I had to go get the milk pitcher my self from the service area. My friend ordered a croissant and asked for jam and butter that took a while to come. Another friend ordered the breakfast sandwich which was missing the hollandaise sauce. Our server was nice and she did realize things were not going so well for us. As we proceeded to go to the counter to pay our bills , we were given a bag of pastries as a nice token!! A great redemption on the cafe's part!! We will return again...I guess it was not a good day to go there today.. We did thoroughly enjoy the food!!Stopped in after passing by on the streetcar. So glad we did. Excellent casual place for breakfast or lunch. Food and coffee were delicious.A wonderful breakfast experience in a beautifully restored hotel.
All the food and baked goods are prepared with great care.
Eggs Benedict has wonderful homemade biscuit base. Almond Croissant is the best I've had anywhere in the US. Cloth napkin makes experience really classy. Blueberry muffin tastes like your Gramma made it just for you. They heat the baked goods in a high temp oven behind the counter...makes a huge difference in the taste. 
Highly recommended!Nice little place in the hotel. Food was good but the server... not so much. Once he gave us our food he never came back to check on us, fill water or coffee. The most disappointing thing was his hair was long and he kept brushing it with his hands than serving the food. I hope it was just a bad day.Such a nice quaint cafe. The coffee was delicious and when they brought my egg and arugula croissant out I didn't want to eat it because it looked so pretty lol, but I'm glad I did because it was unreal!We stumbled on the little cafe by chance and it was absolutely wonderful. I ordered the cheddar biscuit, which was hardy and tasty and came with the best potatoes ever. My sister ordered the breakfast poboy and loved it too. This place is a gem!Great little place, very well cooked breakfast! good fast, attentive service, no complaints here.  Variety of breakfast cocktails moderately priced.Cheddar biscuit and hash browns are excellent. Grits are great. Pimento cheese omelette is savory. Service is impeccable.Food was alright. More typical of hotel cafe food instead of local cuisine. Service was friendly.Very friendly service. Delicious Benedict. Hash browns  wonderfully crispy on the outside and soft inside. Would definitely eat here again.We are staying at the Pontchartrain hotel and had breakfast here. The staff and service were wonderful. The food was good, especially the homemade biscuits and the pecan waffle!! The atmosphere is totally a plus as well. It was busy so get here early or prepare for a brief wait but is worth it.Little cafe on St Charles. Great coffee, friendly staff, and awesome food. Try the Ponchatrain Benedict and the hash browns. My husband had the breakfast poboy. So good!!This little cafe is located in the ground floor of the Hotel. Very fast abs efficient service and the Nola breakfast is a huge plate of food. I tried to eat it by myself the first day but then ended up sharing it the second day with my sister. 
Very fast and efficient service.The food was okay- not great but okay. Service was absolutely terrible. I won't go back any time soon.Came for breakfast at about 8:30 am.  I ordered oatmeal which was good but not hot.  I had to remind the waiter that it is to be served with raisins and cane syrup.  Very tasty!  Wife ordered eggs Benedict which she enjoyed very much.  Coffee was not hot.  A little more effort on the customer service front would make this place great.Horrible service, no one knows what's going on, no communication between the staff. The food was good but they need to completely change the staff.Wonderful ambiance in this quaint cafe in the Boutique Hotel Ponchartrain.  I had the Ponchartrain Benedict pictured with cured ham and Sriracha hollandaise just the right amount of spice and a nice biscuit. A nice latte in a beautiful historic location.The food and service are five star.  The decor quaint and creative.  We ate here twice on our short vacation.  You'll love it.This coffee was a lifesaver when I stopped in here after checking out during my Pontchartrain stay. The cafe itself is pretty small with basic tables and chairs and you let them know if you are dining in or getting something to go, as soon as you walk in. The staff is super nice and although I didn't eat here, I can say that the iced coffee is particularly good and while it's not the *best* coffee I have ever had, I found it flavorful and enjoyable.Cheddar Biscuit!?!?!?!?!?  comes with amazing roasted potatoes.  SO delicious... perfect biscuit, perfect melty cheese and generous amount of ham. Also, I was a little uncertain about the tomato jam, but HELLLOOOOO... more perfection. If I had added an egg... it might have been overkill.  As it is the staff couldn't have been friendlier or nicer, and the flavor of this thing is INCREDIBLE!  The real danger is... how close it is to my job.Very delicious breakfast stop if you're staying in the Garden District. Lovely service, delicious food, and an old-times vibe. On Saturday morning it was busy but on Monday at noon it was quiet and chill.Very delicious breakfast. Nice selection of teas. Only downfall was they were out of decaf and other hot beverages I wanted when I visited. Nice atmosphere.Not bad at all. It's part of the hotel so be aware of the high prices for gourmet style brunch. Nonetheless I say give it try because of the less wait time compared to breakfast lunch places within 10 milesMight very well be my favorite eggs Benedict of all time! The biscuit base was a delightfully different spin on this dish. It was fluffy and light and not over filling. The home-fries were just the littlest bit crispy to make them not feel like you were eating a baked potato. The food was perfect and the staff was ever so friendly and attentive! A great experience all around.Absolutely rude and terrible service.  We are walked on and walked past 4 different employees and not greeted once. We sat for 5 minutes and not even a greeting, the place was clearly not busy and overly staffed.  We got up to find another place and the one girl had the nerve to snidely say "Thanks".  The place looks great but the staff needs to be retrained or just cleared out in general.Love, Love, and more Love! Great location, the coolest/quaintest little building!!! Such ambiance to start the experience! The food selection is perfect for breakfast/ lunch, quite a delectable assortment! Fantastic blueberry muffin, great textured oatmeal, and crisp bacon! Friendly staff who graciously accommodated my muteness (I suffer from laryngitis).. one of my hopes is to go back soon and my bigger hope is to (a real long shot) run into someone that I met (without exchanging any info as the circumstances were off)... so if by some miracle (I still believe they happen every once in a while) he ever sees this, please go everyday until I show! Ha... mfishsr0373@yahoo.comWhen we saw the menu, we thought the plates were a bit overpriced. But then we were served, and the food was awesome! 
I got an egg white frittata with vegetables. It had a really good pesto arugula on top. My husband got a ham and cheese biscuit, which had a really good sweet tomato jam. It came with a side of potatoes which were  the best.  
We would come again!This was a charming little cafe not far from our hotel. We definitely enjoyed the atmosphere. A waitress was quick to fill my coffee cup. Coffee was great but it took me 10 minutes to get someone's attention to grab some cream and even longer to flag someone down to take our order as we were dining in. We weren't sure if we were just supposed to ask anyone who was running around or wait for our original waitress. After giving our order to someone else, our original waitress came back to take our order. It seemed as though there were no clearly defined roles for the staff- there were about 6-7 people total working. Staff seemed busy, but not quite attentive to the guests. Regardless, our food came quickly and it was delicious. The portions were well worth the money and everything tasted quite fresh. Potatoes were perfectly seasoned and eggs were great too. I loved the biscuits as well. My husband got the poboy and ate the entire thing. Overall, I'd return for the food and coffee. We may have come on an off morning.I enjoyed my breakfast experience at the Silver Whistle Cafe. If you are looking for a quick place to stop and grab breakfast that is delicious this is your place! I started my meal with a vanilla late which was great and if you want breakfast cocktails they have those too. The dining room is seat yourself and the service is good. I ordered the Pontchartrain Benedict which is eggs benedict over a biscuit instead of a traditional english muffin. The eggs were poached perfectly, the hollandaise was delightful, the ham was smoked without a lot of gristle and the biscuit was delicious. The breakfast came with home made hash browns that were so good. Cute diner atmosphere. I will be back for sure.Hey it's plainly awesome. Enjoy the coffee cake or the Benedict. Delicious food and great way to start your day!!!We visited Silver Whistle while visiting from Chicago and staying in the Central District. It's right along the trolley path and also serves as the restaurant/coffee bar in a hotel. Location was very accessible and the neighborhood was fun to explore.
The menu here is extremely limited on first glance, but relatively easy to build your own meal. It really shouldn't be that hard, though... our waitress had to go back and ask every time. 
We also asked our waitress where to buy the coffee they were brewing. She simply said "I don't know." Ok, but maybe you could ask about that? Also I don't like that they charge more for cold coffee than hot.
Their baked goods left much to be desired.
Overall a cute kitschy place with good food, but everything else made the experience a little less than I would have liked.To kick off 2017, I have been walking my work commute in order to lose a few lbs. and enjoy some mental vision-boarding before sitting in the office.The regular place has made some disheartening changes, mainly switching from dark roast to a medium. This translates to tepid-tasting coffee for Rene, so I now stop here. 
I keep in mind that I am in a hotel, and expect to pay hotel pricing for my coffee. I also receive fast and welcoming hotel service, no lines and most importantly, great tasting coffee from Revelator. I have no childhood memories of the blueberry muffins, so they are easy for me to pass up, but I do like their biscuits.It became "our breakfast place" immediately. Lovely warm people, clean and delicious.Quant. Great service. Attentive.  My water glass was never empty.  My coffee cup only refilled as I was almost empty..( love this as I hate to have my perfect tasting coffee ruined by having more coffee added...I like mine a little sweet and with cream)
 A jump on jump off place on the st charles trolly going toward Tulane in the garden districtFood is pretty good and consistent.  Parking is a bit difficult and the place is kinda small so expect a wait during busy breakfast hours.Great place for breakfast on a Saturday morning in New Orleans.  Had stone cut grits for the first time.
Interesting appearance but great flavor.
We will be sure to return!This is a beautiful place to have some top of the notch coffee and very good pastries.  
Some of the other breakfast options go from very good (eggs benedict) to just average (egg white fritatta).
Altogether a good, satisfactory, high-endish breakfast experience with great service, in a beautiful setting, but probably a bit more expensive than it warrants. If the prices were, say, 20% lower, I might rate it 5 stars.Great gem on the site of the Pontchartrain Hotel, ate there a few times and always enjoyed the meal. My fave is the brûlée grapefruit . If there are any Yelpers who need a breakfast spot this is the place to go on St. Charles Ave.Poor service, our waitress never checked back to see how things were. My husband's eggs were cooked over hard, not over easy.Very friendly. Good coffee. Fantastic cheeseburger topped with a perfect sunny side up egg, served with tasty fries. But give the Breakfast Poboy a miss--so so home fries, bland sausage and a glop of flavorless cheese on a nondescript roll. Pretty decor.The food was amazing. I got the ham and cheese biscuit which came with the house potatoes. The potatoes were so amazing. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. The atmosphere was very cute. The waitress was very sweet and helpful.Stopped while staying at the host hotel, The Pontchartrain Hotel. Great customer service and their dark roast is excellent.Went for breakfast. Food was good. It's hard to give five stars for breakfast as it's well breakfast but The staff was so great that had to. Highly recommend if you are staying in the area.We got to NOLA really early so we cant check in to our airbnb yet. We decided to check this pls to get some mimosa and bloody mary. Amazing staff. Amazing food!!I stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights and had breakfast at this cafe both mornings.... late mornings. The food did not dissappoint. The menu is small but this poses no problem for me because what is served is executed to perfection. The staff was very warm and welcoming. 
I should add that I was travelling with two sons. The eldest the pickiest of eaters and the youngest not so much but always has to change menu offerings. Pecan waffles no pecans in this case. Not too bad. He originally wanted pancakes. However he loved his plain waffle so much he ordered it again the next morning with a side of eggs both times.
The oldest, a chocolate croissant. Lucky that they had the pastry available both mornings. He is the pickiest potatoe eater although this root vegetable is his main food staple. He loved the hash browns which are basically small halved potatoes cooked to perfection. Not overly seasoned. 
The husband and I had the eggs benedict and salmon scrambled eggs the first morning and the po boy breakfast and pecan waffle the next. Food was delicious on both occassions. They did forget the hollandaise sauce for the po boy however once I got up to ask, that was remedied right away. 
I'd easily return for breakfast here no doubt. Nothing worse than an eggs benedict poorly executed and these folks here did it very well.Score! What an amazing chill cafe with excellent food, amazing ambiance, relaxed vintage environment, etc. I can't imagine why anyone would give this less then five stars. Our new favorite neighborhood favorite!Very cool cafe about 2 blocks from the hotel I stayed at for a short first weekend in NOLA.  We had a large group of us and had planned to meet here for breakfast in the morning.  The location is right in the Garden District off of Charles Street so I was worried about a long wait, but looks like NOLA Saturday mornings are a little "sleepier" that I had anticipated (that or we just really lucked out).
First come, first serve seating.  You can also walk up to the counter and order to-go breakfast (quick coffee, etc). 
It actually worked out perfect since there were about 8 of us and there is a 10-top round table in the front corner... I'm sure it could seat a couple of 2-3 people parties as a communal table, but for our experience, we claimed it as our own.
Our server was super nice and took really good care of us.  I know larger parties tend to be more difficult, but she made it look easy... even gave us some tips about public transport when she saw us trying to buy day passes on our phones.
The menu isn't that big, but you will want to order ALL OF IT.  I settled on the Benedict.  The other advantage of a larger group, is you can see the other dishes people order... and then start having FOMO.  It's all good, I thought my choice was the right one, but it seems like everyone was super happy with the food they received.
I highly recommend stopping and hanging out here... even look up at the ceiling!  You can tell the building has been here a while.We walked in and there are a handful of tables. We all got water to drink and a blueberry muffin to share. Our server was so sweet! We didn't want to spend a ton of money so we ordered two meals. The wings and the potatoes. I was going to attempt at pictures but they were so delicious that our plates were empty before I remembered! At the end we also ordered an iced coffee. Definitely a good idea!The place looks good from outside but food is overpriced and crap. I believe the pictures you see here are some stock photos that is not even close to what they bring to your table. The brunch we had here was a joke! You expect yo get a nice southern style biscuits but no, what i got was some frozen stuff that you could barely touch. Coffee was over roasted. This is just another tourist trap located near the hotels.What a great building. Make sure you walk around inside, very eclectic.
My wife had a great meal and mine was so-so ( mushroom sandwich) but we just wanted a quick bite and a good coffee so we were satisfied.Excellent food, nice ambience, attentive servers. We will be back! Bran muffin was excellent.Both had the NOLA Breakfast. Very good and spicy Bloody Mary. Love the quaint and coziness of the cafe.  Staff is really nice and personable. They all conversed with the customers. Atmosphere is nice if you don't want the hustle and bustle. FirstGreat place with really good coffee & "World-Famous" blueberry muffins.  The food lived up to the reputation!  Service & ambience was even better!  ThanksVery good cafe open early for your tours in New Orleans. Nice place with good interior, welcome atmosphere. Coffee is good here. We tried the Po Boy as local specialty, but this was mighty dish and so only good for experience but due to high calorie nothing for every day. 
You can share and order eg fruit platter etc as second dish.Love love love! We had the breakfast po-boy (shared it actually, which is a good idea!) and the andouille sausage made my morning. Good coffee, fast service and a gorgeous atmosphere.Silver Whistle Cafe was an unexpected delight during my recent visit to New Orleans. After eating there on day one of a four-day trip, it fully occupied the breakfast agenda for the entire stay. 
I was frankly surprised by the high-quality pastries offered daily at the cafe. The biscuits, especially, are large, buttery and flavorful without being greasy. These biscuits beat the likes of Loveless Cafe in Nashville and even give my homemade version a run for the money. One of the waitresses informed me their pastry chef, Jordan Kanouse, was recently featured on a Food Network baking competition, which seems right : ). 
The place is small, but the staff was efficient about moving the crowd through. They offer a few full-sized breakfasts and those take longer to prepare. If I were living in the area, I would go for the great coffee and a big, fat Silver Whistle Cafe biscuit and jam at least weekly.Best Eggs Benedict I've had in a really long time. Service was great, just a nice little cafe in the garden districtThis is a nice little cafe. It looks more like a Tea House, but has a decent breakfast menu. I had the Breakfast Po Boy and potatoes, delicious! The potato's were cooked crisp wIth garlic, onions, and a little bell peppers. It was heavenly. 
We'll come again soon.Stopped in for Sunday morning breakfast, not too crowded, nice atmosphere.  Ordered NOLA breakfast with grits and bacon, eggs over easy.   Was perfect and exactly what I expected.  We also got the PoBoy Breakfast with potatoes.  Amazing.  The potatoes were the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had.  Definitely recommend for a good Southern breakfast.Had the chance to check out Silver Whistle while I had a meeting inside the hotel not too long ago. I found out they actually have a curated breakfast menu and although I arrived more in the afternoon, they do offer Bayou Bar's lunch menu which I thought was pretty cool.
I grabbed an iced coffee which was a pleasant surprise as they offer Revelator coffee.
I'll definitely be back to grab a breakfast knowing they offer a bruleed grapefruit. (my guilty fave brunch item)Fan-effing-tastic! As in, I really have no words...well, I have SOME words...
My sister, bestie, and I brunched there this week and fell in love. Tucked warmly into the Pontchartrain hotel, this adorable spot (with art I'm obsessed with) was super yummy. Blueberry muffins; excellent. Breakfast cocktails (every last one of them); excellent. Service by Nino (who made my morning with coffee placed in front of me immediately); excellent. 
They have lots of options for entrees including healthy options (fruit/oatmeal/yogurt), but I dove right in for the decadent. If you only eat one more benedict before you die, make it the Pontchartrain Benedict! They use a super fluffy biscuit and siracha hollandaise which makes the dish. The potatoes are off the chain...and I don't even like breakfast potatoes;). We also tried the pimento cheese omelet (yummy) and the arugula salad has this light dressing I'm addicted to and have to figure out how to replicate. It really was a wonderful morning meal; I cannot wait to go back!
But that Benedict though...Just happened upon this cute cafe for a late breakfast.  Read some reviews on it and have to  disagree.  The menu is perfectly limited and the choices are varietal. It fits different palates; whether you're looking for an old-fashioned Southern breakfast or something lite. Remember, you're in NOLA, so menu items have a flair!!  The parfait had "praline" pecans and the country breakfast dish had the most amazing grits. Grits is one staple to my breakfasts and these grits were superbly different. This cafe is connected to the Pontchartain Hotel.The restaurant is cute and the menu has some great options. The food was nicely plated - albeit a fruit salad doesn't have to be on a huge plate - presentation in a cup is more suitable for small tables. The server was Slow. We waited a few minutes and looked over at the waitress to catch her attention who was busy chatting with her colleagues instead of focusing on the not so busy restaurant few customers.  We overheard someone talking to the staff about standing around, on their phones and looking busy. This is good advice for the staff to provide food customer experience.Wow!   The food here is delicious and beautifully presented.      We had a party of seven and everyone ordered different food.    Everything looked amazing and everyone was very happy with their food.   
The pastries were delicious and the breakfast PO boy was very tasty!   It is open from 7 am to 3 pm and is right on the trolly line.    
Give this place a try!Decent breakfast. We had the eggs Benedict, potatoes, oatmeal. Coffee was excellent including a nice selection (cortado, macchiato etc). Service was fast. Not the best breakfast I've ever had but we liked the atmosphere and decent quality of food. In the same building as the Pontchartrain Hotel. Open at 7am which was nice dealing with time change.THE BREAKFAST ROUND TABLE IS BACK! 
The main nod to the original neighborhood mainstay is the large 10 seat table (pic) that consumes 1/4 of this small café's square footage. But there are reasons it sits vacant:
WHERE'S THE FRUIT!?
I got the pimento cheese crabmeat omelet $18. It was bland but the delicate flavor of the generous crab chunks was discernible. Pet peeve: it was served with hashbrowns and not an offsetting acid like citrus. In fact fruit is nowhere to be found on the menu, not even as a side!
MENU IS ABOUT 25% HIGHER THAN MARKET
(compare it to menus at nearby favorite Surrey's or Coulis). There are no breakfast entrées under $14, the Pontchartrain Benedict is $20. If it were a plush atmosphere that wouldn't be as much an issue but this is basically a spartan coffee shop with an "oh BTW"...food menu.Recently stayed at The Ponchatrain Hotel in Nola for our sons wedding.   Silver Whistle is a small limited menu
Coffee shop/ bistro attached to the Hotel.  First reaction when I saw it was how adorbs it is!! Sooo cute!  And the train theme is totally in line & reminiscent of the time period of the hotel.   Okay here's the Good, Bad & Ugly.  First the good: cuteness overload!  Also good coffee.    Bad:  very limited baked good that you'd expect in this type of place.  Had only about 4 items to choose from (presumably imported from a nearby bakery?). No evidence it was done in-house.   Ugly:   Hubs went down one morning to grab a quick takeout for our room not wishing to wait for room service.    He comes back with a go back with 2 plain croissants.  They had zero napkins, forks or anyway to spear the butter he'd requested. I
Tore it with my hands atop the paper bag and spread with  lid to butter.  Ok. Well some may say that's the hubs fault. Although frankly if u order a to go item at an upscale hotel bistro one would think they'd handle those details.   But wait there's more!    Rude male cashier twice.   Lastly my parents decided to eat there last morning so I came down with them.  Food looked good it was just maaaah but pan sausage on every plate raw inside and almost too well done on outside. As a cook myself I know there is a particular way to cook pan sausage using water. Their cook obviously no experience there.  Plus undercooked pork sausage.  Dangerous.The food gets 4 stars but the inconsistent service and inconsistent prices knocked down the rating. It's a shame, truly. I'm staying at the Ponchartrain for the week and had breakfast here two days in a row but one day the price for the NOLA breakfast I paid what was listed on the menu (for two breakfasts and coffee was $28) but the next morning I ordered the exact same thing minus the chai latte and it was $22 for my breakfast. The chai latte was delicious. The potatoes are so flavorful! The NOLA breakfast with a side salad instead of a biscuit which shouldn't cost $22. Point being... the food was great! The service is slow and beware if you don't order the food exactly how it comes. I never thought ordering a side of salad would be so difficult or expensive.The whole staff is awesome from the young Asian waitress to the barista are always very nice and personal. The food is great and made with little wait time. I'm glad to have this little cafe next to our hotel.