Something happened to this place. It used to be good, but it's gone really downhill. My recent visit was terrible. Everything tasted really stale, pizza was dry and stone hard, and the staff wasn't really friendly. It was so disappointing. I used to love this place, but after this last experience, I decided to move on to other better places in town.The food was good. The mesclun salad was full of pecan bits and great scratch dressing. Service was a problem. One server for Friday dinner.  She forgot to put in half of our order. It ruined what should have been a great meal. My advice is to go in on a slow night.Nice that the restaurant was only a block from our hotel.  Stopped by during happy hour and got a large pitcher of Abita for $5.
Orderd mushroom-goat cheese bruschetta which was simple yet perfectly executed.  Bread crispy and not too thick.  Also had a half salad, perfect portion.  BBQ Shrimp was full of flavor, rich and garlicky.  Shrimp were not huge but tasted nice and fresh, and were not overcooked.
Had a slice of white and a slice of regular.  Both delicious, but enjoyed the regular a bit more.  In any case the dough was delicious.  Would have definitely eaten here again had we more time to spend in town.OMG I could live off this .... the BBQ shrimp perfection.... the boudin......  great food - great price!Moving up!  Now at 4 stars from my original 2.  This place is really starting to rock it out.  Service has been consistant, as well as food.  Still wanting to have a slammin' Pizza from here as my past pizza experiences have been mediocre.Very good service and good food. Had a pizza with half pepperoni and half mushroom that was cooked perfectly. Relatively cheap beer list too. One of the better pizza places in Nola that does not do wood-fire pies.I was starving during Mardi Gras (came here on 2/9) and made this quick stop. This slice of cheese was right on point. The service was quick even though there was a lot going on. I was able to find seating at the bar and eat in peace. For $3.32 a great value at a great time.
Pizza was great and so was the service.Great service. Server was right on. Pizza - bacon, basil & garlic - medium crust - wasn't greasy. Price was very reasonable.Slice has great, heaping, dripping, melty slices of cheesy goodness, topped with whatever your little heart can conjure up. For a gal who doesn't normally eat her crust, there is never a crumb left here on my plate. They also have a wide variety of veggie-friendly options and a great beer/wine list.We stayed just a few blocks from Slice.  My hubby likes to try different pizzas wherever we go....he is from NY and lives in Chicago-- so pizza is a passion.  Anyway he loved this place!  Amazing...with all the great food in NOLA  I still could not keep him away from this place. He returned to enjoy the different types-- all great.   Staff service was warm and inviting and by the end of our stay, he was on a first name basis with the entire crew!Super casual, fun atmosphere with great pizza and friendly service. The prices are fantastic and they have daily specials that are a great value. Posted in the pictures. It was a new break from our steady diet of fried New Orleans food this vacation.When we arrived at our bed and breakfast just around the corner, we were given suggestions for dinner and Slice Pizzeria was at the top of the list. 
You would think that I would have gotten pizza since it was a pizzeria but you would be wrong!  I was given a tip that this place had the best BBQ Shrimp Po Boy in NOLA...and damn if that tip wasn't 100% true!
Its small, comfy and the cooks crank up the radio while they work and reference old songs by yelling stuff like "man this song brings back memories" or "oh man that's my shit right there!"
The food is awesome with a kick ass staff to back it up. 
Visit and Support!  And grab a BBQ Shrimp PO Boy...trust me. 
-TomGood salad, generously topped pizza (ok tasting) and friendly service.Slow...
...as...
...hell.
Seriously, I just called on my way home from work and ordered two slices. Twenty minute wait, really? And when I arrived, the place was far from packed. Of course the counter staff gladly ran my credit card right away, but then kept me sitting for another short while. 
Come on, folks.This is such a perfect pizza dive. The pies are spectacular, with high quality toppings and the magic balance of crispy/chewy in their signature crust. As the name suggests, you can buy by the slice. But whole pies are tempting options as well. The creative craft cocktail menu deserves your attention. Standard and special concoctions turn out consistently delicious, visit after visit.This place is amazing. It's a local place near the hotel I was staying in. The staff at slice is incredibly friendly and make some great recommendations. This isn't a fast food place, so don't expect your food to come out right after you order. They make everything from scratch. I recommend getting the pizzas and calzones. The pizza are so unique and you can make your own calzones. The place is small, but it's super cozy. 
Here's what I got:
-shrimp and andouille sausage pizza
-calzone with ricotta and prosciutto 
I'll be back again when I'm down in the bayou, lolWe were the only ones in the restaurant and the temperature was near-arctic. We kindly asked them to adjust the thermostat, so he started to change it when his fellow employees said "no it feels good" to which he listened. 
The waiter failed to regularly tend to us and provide drink refills. In response, we went behind the counter to refill our own drinks remaining unnoticed.
However, the food was good as usual. I just wish that the service would be a little more polite and cooperative. 
2/5 stars. 1 for the food's quality, 1 for the food's speed. Minus 1 for the temp, minus 1 for refills, minus 1 for service.Great pie, the size is very generous and the taste well its outstanding.  The delivery was quick and professional.  I would recommend a stop in or order out to try it out..So great we went here twice in one day.  The food was tops and so was the service.  Always look for specials.  This is definitely the perfect place to go when visiting New Orleans to keep the flavor going without a huge meal.Food was pretty good. Do yourself a favor and try one of their Popsicles. I tried the cheesecake blueberry one and my husband kept trying to steal it!! Atmosphere was chill and the staff was young and tatooed.There was nothing wrong with this place. I think it was a nice place to grab lunch on Sunday afternoon. Got the cheese bread which was pretty good. I thought the red dipping sauce had a nice flavor to it. Got 3 slices: pepperoni, pepperoni and minced garlic, and pepperoni and carmelized onion. I liked them all. My least favorite was the onion slice because the onions were more soggy than carmelized. Tasted pretty good though. The garlic slice was probably my favorite, but was pretty sparce on the garlic. I would've liked more garlic. The crust is thin with some crunch (I think it has cornmeal in it or something).  I also tried a bite of the white slice and the pruscuitto and argula slice. Both were pretty good, but again, not jaw droppingly good or anything. My guess is that this is probably some of the better pizza in town.This weekend I went to Slice on St. Charles and it was absolute chaos. I called in a to go order and they said it would take about 25 minutes. After attempting to park for 10 minutes, I entered Slice about 25 minutes after I called in the order. There was one line for both take out orders and people putting their name on the list to be seated. Chaos with a capital K. So I finally got to the front of the line. Great Awesome. The computer is down. Bummer. The guy starts hitting the computer and cussing. Buzz kill. I have a to go order I say. "Name?" Lindsay. Yeah it's not done yet. What? So I wait. It comes out of the oven 10 minutes later. Total time for pizza? 40 minutes.Taste when I got home? Delicious. The pizza was absolutely yummy. I really do like Slice pizza, I think it's some of the best pizza in New Orleans. Slice St. Charles is a small space. There is no way around it. The Slice on Magazine is much better for dining in. However, I still like the pizza and the St. Charles location is much closer for me. Delicious homemade pizza, even if the wait is a little too long for the product. My advice? Go for a late lunch and take advantage of their happy hour and lack of crowd. But overall, if you're looking for pizza in New Orleans, this is pretty frickin good.Great pizza!  I love that you can order a single slice of any pizza and try some different flavors.  Great service, cute restaurant.We enjoy Slice, it's a neighborhood standby for Pizza. Very disappointed with the recent change to the menu. It was nice to come in and get a pasta bowl, I guess we'll have to find another spot for pasta. Ohhh well... :(
Update:12/4  Old menu back, pasta and meatballs!!!
Good for us peeps!Ugh! That's what I get for not reading Yelp before going to a restaurant. Came here tonight to dine for LASPCA's Pause 4 Paws. Overall not a great experience. 
Parking- it's on St. Charles with no reserved parking lot like other restaurants around. I  parked around the block. No biggie since I could always use the exercise. But I didn't like the two homeless people parked outside that were literally following people when they left. 
I know it's not their fault, but it's a huge creep factor. They could have stopped the solicitors from sitting outside their establishment then stalking their patrons that happen to carry big purses (empty of cash, btw.) 
This will definitely prevent any women (or self-preserving men) from eating here. I don't like looking behind me the entire time I'm walking to my car, which was around the block from the place. As soon as I rounded the corner, I just RAN to my car. 
Food- Ordered the large mesclun salad: mixed greens, fresh goat cheese, crushed pecans, fresh strawberries and blueberries served with a homemade balsamic vinaigrette. It was a yummy salad but definitely wasn't a large portion. I've seen small salads bigger than that (i.e. Midway, Theo's, Katie's-just to name a few) Priced at $9, I was honestly hoping it would fill me up. Not even close.
Drinks- ordered the special of the night. Name escapes me but it was basically two shots of bourbon served anyway you like. I'm a simple girl so I opted for a bourbon and coke. Bartender was nice, and the drink was pretty stiff. Didn't need another one the entire meal. For $5, thought it was a steal- especially when it was Maker's Mark.
Service- horrendous. Server was quite rude with us from the moment we sat down. We went there for a meeting and was expecting 4-5 people. Half of the party showed up first and we were seated for about 10-15 mins. before more arrived. Not once did he ask to refill our drinks (we had all ordered our drinks from the bar but there was an empty beer glass that could have been refilled with some refreshing deliciousness) nor did he ask if we wanted any appetizers. 
When the final person got there, he immediately asked if we were ready to order. She hadn't even sat down at that point. So we asked for 5 mins. which he huffed then stomped away. 
When we were done with our food, he asked if we were ready for the bill. No questions of dessert or salad.  And even though our party only ended up being 4 people, he still added a gratuity on there! We were all quite surprised since restaurants don't usually add a grat for parties smaller than 6. Not sure why he felt a need to express his frustrations on his tables. 
So this experience definitely soured this location for me. From here on, think I'm going to stick to the Magazine location. And just get their pizza or that BBQ shrimp po-boy everyone is raving about.Excellent food, and Isabella really took care of us.  Excellent service.  We ate there a few times and the meat lover's pizza was my fav, but I also highly recommend the mesclun salad.So satisfying. EVERY. TIME. This is one of my favorite spots to hit whenever I'm in town. EVERYONE there is always cool. My choice you ask? Wicked Garden with red sauce add mushrooms and artichoke. I haven't tried much else because I just love it so much, but I sure they'll hit the spot with anything on the menu. Lately I've been doing take out, but tonight I decided to hang in for a bit and have a couple drinks. Perfect!This location of Slice Pizzeria is smaller than the one on Magazine Street. It feels pretty crowded and the tables are too close to one another. I don't like that neighboring diners can hear my conversation. However, Slice Pizzeria makes the best BBQ shrimp poboy that I've ever had so I jumped at the chance to have lunch with a few fellow Yelpers here and I'd jump at the chance to do it again. 
Of course, I ordered the BBQ shrimp poboy and savored every single bite of it. It's really the very best poboy I've ever had of its kind. I also ordered a salad on this visit.
Mesclun Salad with balsamic vinergrette...petite greens, goat cheese, pecans, fresh berries. It was delicious as well.
I love Slice and honestly if the restaurant was in a cardboard box, I'd still go for that BBQ shrimp poboy. My preferred location is the one on Magazine, though.
If you haven't tried that poboy, do yourself a favor and order one. You're welcome.I've been here before and been very satisfied but this was absolutely the worst experience ever. The restaurant had a funky unpleasant odor which was stronger in the back of the building.  We ordered primavera pasta, eggplant lasagna, mesclun salad, and a slice of cheese pizza. The server gave us the salad, which was excellent. I've had the salad before and it was as good as I remembered. Then we waited...and waited...and waited. Server told us they had been inundated with take out and apologized for the wait several times.  When our order finally arrived, the lasagna was great, but the pizza slice was lukewarm and the primavera pasta was cold. The server apologized and took the dish to warm it. After another extended wait the dish was returned to me.  It came back lukewarm. The pasta was ample but only 6 small broccoli florets and trace amount of mushroom bits. It was also quite spicy which I commented on when asked how it was. Next thing we know the cook came out to the table, put his hands on his hips, and asked "can I help you?"  I was stunned. I said no, and that I felt I hadn't ordered wisely, because the dish was spicy and I hadn't expected it to be from the menu description. He explained that The pasta was sautéed in Chili infused olive oil with the vegetables. Vegetables consisted of about five or six broccoli florettes very small and a few pieces of mushroom slices no actual mushroom slices though just pieces of mushroom and not very many at that.  Server came back again and asked me how everything was and I repeated that the pastor was very spicy and maybe they should note that on the menu that it's chilly infused olive oil and not just olive oil.  We waited another 25 minutes or so to get our check and were charged full price for the lousy pasta Primavera. To his credit the server did offer to give me some milk because the food was so spicy but I declined. I will never ever go back and I advise anyone who goes to be prepared for a long wait and just order the pizza to be safe. We tipped the server a proper amount because I didn't feel that it was his fault at all and he was doing his best. This experience was very unfortunate especially considering that Sslice used to be one of my daughter's restaurants. I feel like they should've taken the charge off for the pasta Primavera because it was not as described on the menu but I'll just chalk it up to my poor choice. I feel like their take-out business is more important to them than their sit down in the restaurant customersBeing so picky with pizza, it was a huge relief to find this place! Best pizza around!Not impressed. It took 1.5 hours to get our pizza delivered and when it finally came we were pretty disappointed. We ordered the flying Hawaiian. We basically were brought a bacon and jalepeno pizza. Little to no red sauce, barely any pineapple or chicken. Crust was bland and dry. Heard a lot of great things about Slice over the last couple years but after this experience we will not be back. So many better pizza options out there! That being said... You know what they say about bad pizza.Service was fast and friendly. 
Arugula salad was good.
G's pasta dish was too oily and okay he said.
Mussels made me sick. Very sick; took about 20 minutes before my intestines began convulsions like I had never experienced..........
I am now afraid of their food, no matter what. Everyone else seems to love the pizza, so stay safe and stick to the pizza.The happy hour beer special (M-F, 4-7) is amazing. For 5 bucks you get a pitcher of NOLA Brown or NOLA Blonde. 5 bucks! Or you can get a pint for $2.75. And the pitchers are big! Best beer bargain in town, no doubt.
I went for the first time, attracted by the cheap, quality beer. The pizza was the best I've eaten in this town. I had a slice of Bacon Basil and Garlic, and a slice of Proscuito, Gargonzola, and Arugula. Outstanding. Tons of garlic, tons of gargonzola. I wanted a slice of Shrimp and Andouille pizza, but it was $5.75. A bit pricey. But I had my 2 gourmet slices, and 4 pints of beer from the pitcher, and ended up paying just $13!!! The server was good (and cute).i'd like to give slice a bad review because i really can't stand listening to an entire motorhead album while i'm eating.  really after i've heard "killed by death" and "ace of spades" i've had my fill of lemmy.  the staff all appear to be on drugs and i'm certain one of the waitresses stole my sweater - i left it in the booth, came back to fetch it and it was gone - *shrug*.  probably the best pizza in N.O..  indifferent service, never a bad meal.Holy Moly!
Best pizza in the Garden District!
Was in NOLA for our honeymoon in Jan and new hubby (see his review..Jeffery M.) wanted a break from the culinary Cajun madness I was on, so we yelped pizza joints near our hotel on St. Charles and this place popped up.
Eager to continue the gluttony of food and drink that filled our honeymoon, we ordered take out.
Hubby got a slice of the meat pizza and I got a slice of the garlic, anduille sausage pizza, along with a hot cap and red velvet cupcake.
Whoa! The pizza was thin crust, smelled great had a sweetish sauce and were huge!
I think we paid about $2.50 a slice. The red velvet cupcake was perfect..not too sweet. We loved this place so much, we went twice!!
The cap held up even after rewarming it up and drinking it the next morning! 
The next time we went, we sat down and ate..hubby got the calzone and it was massive! I got a slice of white pizza and a house salad.
his was the best house salad I have ever had!!!
It had sliced green olives and red onions..it was lovely!
We were going to purchase t-shirts (we do that with eateries we really like) but the pickings were slim.Very happy we came here.  Our first night visiting New Orleans, we passed so many scummy-looking restaurants.  We just wanted to get some decent food before bed.  Yelp helped up find Slice, right by our hotel.  We knew it must be a good place since it was more full than the other places we had peeked in to, and we were so pleased!  Pizza was great, and we were so excited that the beer list exceeded the usual bud and miller lite.   Service was very good too.  They made a mistake on our order, but sent the correct meal out as soon as they could and took it off our bill.  So glad to have found this place!If I was just rating on the food, I would give it above a 3.5 maybe 4. The pizza tastes good, though I have definitely had better. I like the different options that they have for the pizza as well. 
However, the service is horrible. Three visits and we are always in a rush to leave because the waitstaff is really slow.Love this place!  The chicken enchilada pizza is AMAZING! Our server, Anna was great!!!!Nice staff, great food, cheap eats, no wait (if you don't hit it up at peak hours). I'm definitely not a salad person but I really like their arugula and mesclun. Last night we shared a bacon, basil, and garlic pizza-- thin crust, fresh stretchy cheese, piping hot, with lots of crumbled fatty bacon, slices of basil, and whole cloves of roasted garlic--de-fucking-licious, while they accomodated my vegan friend's request for cheeseless garlic bread and sauce. The spot is bigger than you'd think, it stretches out to the back, and there's outdoor seating as well. Prices are good for New Orleans, $7 for half a salad (and it's definitely enough) and a drink (mojito). Their happy hour is a great deal as well.My friends and I ordered delivery here, we thought the pizzas were going to be normal size so we ordered a full pizza, but the slices ended up being huge! We were not expecting that! Also they were extremely delicious! Oh man was it good! When I come back to visit New Orleans I will definitely be coming back here to eat! Such good pizza!!! My only complaint was they didn't have dipping sauce lolDamn good pizza. Come to NOLA for the seafood but stop here for the pizza. Worth the walk.This is my favorite pizza joint in all of New Orleans. My friend doesn't like pizza, but once she had a slice of the Flying Hawaiian, she's been addicted ever since! I have had the Meat Lover's, Flying Hawaiian, Specialty D-Luxe (MY FAVE) and Sportsman's Paradise. Usually, I order a 14" half Flying Hawaiian and half Specialty D-Luxe. They're really good about half/half pizzas. Their delivery is fast and their pizza is always so juicy! I like that I'm not gnawing on too much bread because it's thin crust.  I like the atmosphere of the place as well, the service is fast and friendly - reminds me of my favorite pizza place in MN: Pizza Luce.Me encantó la pizza. Muy buena la atención y agradable. La pizza que pedí fue la veggie, 2 slides son suficientes para saciar el hambre. La masa es delgada y los ingredientes frescos. Super recomendado. Volveré.This was my second visit to Slice. I must say I was disappointed in my experience this past weekend. I ordered a slice of margherita pizza. When it arrived at the table only half of it had cheese on it, leaving the other half to be only crust. My husband ordered the meat lovers, and it was very good.Atmosphere of the restaurant was inviting, but the pizza was okay. My wife and I waited over 50 mins for 2 slices of pizza and an order of lasagna. Was told they were swamped with Uber orders. The frustrating part was that the dinning room was fairly empty. Would think they would want to take care of the customers dinning in the restaurant first.  Would not go and and would not recommend to family and friends.I went to Slice on St Charles. It was great! The atmosphere is very laid back and intimate. Our waitress was Anna and she was awesome!!! She recommended the Primm's Cup, which was a refreshing drink. We had the barbecue shrimp poboy and gumbo. It was just great! One of my favorite places thus far!Sportsman pizza was incredible. 
Pepperoni pizza with andouille sausage - wow.  
Waiter was quite short temperament but that was probably an anomaly and didn't change our overall opinion - would definitely go back !!Came here twice for lunch during my 15 day boondoggle in NOLA. 11:45 on a weekday it was half packed and was able to get in and out in 45 minutes. $12 for a slice, a small salad, water and tip!
Italian salad was hearty with lots of ingredients. A little salty (lots of olives) for my California taste buds but good enough that I ordered it both times. 
Between the meat lovers slice and the special slice w shrimp, I would rank the special higher. Toppings were fresh and the thin crust was slightly crunchy just like it should be. 
The decor is an after thought and the feel is old, but I came here for the food. Interesting tho ... I didn't know that pizza grew on trees as the wall paper in the bathroom suggest!!! I better read Wikipedia more often! 
4 stars for the food quality.  3 stars for the service. 2 stars for atmosphere. Would come here again but wouldn't go too much out of my way.I was soooo disappointed. Called at 6:50pm for a pepperoni pizza. Was told and hour and half and totally went with it.  2 hours later, no pizza. Called to check on our order and the lady couldn't find it. Called a different pizza place and 15 minutes later our pizza showed up from Slice. What a circus!!!This is a very good pizza place but they can be very very slow.  Service is very friendly but I ordered take out.  They told me 30 min.  After 30 min, I had to wait for another 45 minutes!  Needless to say, I'm thinking twice before ordering  from here again.It seems rumours of Slice's decline are true. I was informed by the stoned-sounding person who answered the phone that delivery would be 1 hour, and then that their delivery minimum has increased to $15.  I was going to get the spaghetti and meatballs out of sheer laziness, as I have before; their pizza has become increasingly flavorless. Oh, well, there's now Dolce Vita!Delish pizza and Salads. Ate here twice and could have eaten here again. So yummy, and pretty quick. I am from New York and I can honestly say... This pizza is BETTER. Not greasy... full of flavor. Yumm!UberEats completely messed up our order. Our food literally disappeared. We called Slice directly to bring it to their attention and the manager working on 5/2/17 went out of her way to prioritize and correct the order UberEats messed up. They went above and beyond. They fixed an issue that wasn't there's. I recommend ordering from Slice directly, they deliver as long as you're within their radius. Plus, the food is delicious - if you're a pasta lover I recommend the meatballs and red gravy.So I'm in New Orleans staying exactly 7 blocks away from this pizzeria . I usually don't order delivery because it's takes dinosaurs years to get here. I ordered pizza at 6:50 PM and at 8:30 PM it arrived very cold. Honestly if I had paid cash I would have refused the order but I used card. Pizza tasted good but I'm sure it would have been amazing hot. This delivery has reassured me in the future to never order delivery. Oh one more thing this night they only had one guy to delivery . He looked pissed when he arrived with my cold pizza but I still tipped .The manager is the most rude individual i have ever met.
Self interested and mocked me in front of other customers.Food is good.  They are very slow at getting your food out!  I am sitting at the bar now still waiting.  I have been here for an hour for a calzone and a cookie and raviolis!  Need to work on the customer service!It's as good as I remember it back in college. Hot and crispy crust.   Solid supreme pizza is a staple. Plus the tomato basil soup was delicious.  We also ordered   Chocolate chip bread pudding...get dat!Yay no thick crust. Had tossed I believe. They have lots of varieties. Order it by the slice or a whole pizza. The slices are nice sized. The pizza is really good. We had the meat lovers & the white pizza. We had a coke & a Dr. Pepper. The mixture was off for both. My coke was light colored & tasted watered down like it had been sitting in ice for a long period of time. Hardly any syrup. I hope it was just the night & not a regular thing. 
When you walk in you will immediately see the bar. Walk past to the hostess station on the left if no one is instructing you. If no one is there to seat you then take a seat & they will serve you. 
This is really good pizza at $2.50-$4.00 a slice. You can find lots of pizza around town but not this good. We found Slice to be clean & with the best pizza for your money.Visiting from Miami. Ordered delivery.. pizza sucked. Just wasn't good pizza. Super soggy in the middle. Annoying.Amazing pizza and you have to try the BBQ Shrimp Poboy.  It's a hidden treasure in a menu full of Italian food.They were out of the two starters I ordered (boudin and gumbo) and 3 of 9 beers on tap were not on, but the two slices I tried were very good. Friendly staff. Right on St. Charles. Recommended for thin crust pizza lovers.Lots of pizza joints in the city, but this place does a great job melding the different flavors of the city with the traditional Italian classics. Check out the full menu, which includes some tasty drinks to wash down the fresh ingredients on your pie.Great pizzeria!  Seemed to be full of locals, which is always a plus. My husband had the meat lovers calzone.  Loved it so much, he had it two nights in a row!  First time, I tried the penne pasta dish, which was ok, and next time I tried the cheese calzone.  My calzone broke while in the oven, so they brought me a piece of cheese pizza to hold me over.  Pizza was good, but the calzone was better!  
Definitely recommend!Excellent pizza a bit pricey but worth it bring back the old specials :) @@@ bring it to the west bankGreat I love the pizza here .. parking is a lil rough but other then that everything is great the environment is cool the staff is friendlyGood location, cozy, excellent food worth the waitThis place satisfied my late night munchies. Anna and the boys were awesome--super welcoming, hospitable, and really chill. She gave us a bunch of tips for local favorites and things to do and was very helpful, down-to-earth, and genuine. You don't get nice service like this in Los Angeles which is regrettable. 
The food was awesome. I had the Sicily-Anna slice and the D-lux. Both were flavorful and hit the spot. I also had a cucumber limeade cocktail and my girl had the pineapple mojito. Strong and tasty drinks. 
The atmosphere is a cross between hometown pizza joint and hipster haven, which is to say cool but genuine. Portlandesque? Neat art on the walls and clean dining area and restrooms. What else can you ask for? 
I will definitely be back before we leave to try more slices and cocktails. Definitely recommend.Love the fact that you can have a fresh slice of pizza made to order. Had the meat lovers slice which was awesome. However there was something off about their sausage and chicken gumbo. Overall I give them a good review because the food and service was good.Great pizza, and helpful service. Two slices and I was stuffed! I would go back again.Great pizza by the slice location with some really good pizza combinations.  I recommend the 9th ward slice.  It's unique!  Feels like a neighborhood bar and staff are extremely friendly.The first time we ordered delivery, no problem at all. 
The most recent time: 
quoted delivery time - 1 - 1.5 hrs
Actual delivery time - 2 hrs.
The pizza is cold. The cokes are warm (and dented!). 
They did give me half off when I called. Still  disappointed.Stopped in for a late dinner last night...had the Caesar salad, the Fresh slice, and the hubby had a slice of the pancetta/Gorgonzola/arugula and the bacon/roasted garlic slice.  Perfect meal with friendly staff.  The kitchen was a little slow, but other than that had a great time.We love the thin crust pizza!! We have never had anything but absolutely positive experiences dining at Slice on St. Charles. Kids love the plain cheese and pepperoni and the grown ups devour their specialty pizzas. I don't have a favorite because I change my order each time and leave completely satisfied. Go get a slice from Slice!I'm not 100% sure whether the name "Slice" refers to the pizza or to the long, narrow shape of the restaurant (there is a slightly wider dining room in back), but the pizza slices are good.
I tried a variety, experimenting with regular pizza, white pizza, and something they called a fresh pizza. You can get toppings per slice, and the arugula covering my white pizza was a winner. The pepper jelly I got on my regular slice was a bit too sweet, but I knew I was getting it on a lark. The fresh slice, with extra basil and tomatoes, wasn't particularly special.
They had an energetic staff and a wide menu, and I think I could do well trying other things.Love this place.  Where else can you try speciality pizzas by the slice.  The prices are very reasonable and one slice is enough for a meal.  Everything we have tried has been good.  The garlic bread with cheese is great.  The MTB Panini (mozzarella, tomato, basil-pesto) is terrific.  The ingredients are very fresh.
Recent bonus.  They now have Aventinus Weizenbock beer on tap from Germany.  This is a strong, dark, wheat doppelbock.  They serve it in authentic glasses.  With 8.2% alcohol, this beer has a kick!Slice is fighting to overtake Reginelli's for my favorite Pizza in the metro area. The Pizza is delish, and you can by it, as the name implies, by the slice. The only drawback is the place trys too hard too be "hip" and it can (but dows not always) show in the attitude of the waitstaff and the speed of the kitchen.Soooo good. It was nice to have the option of just a slice of pizza, and a wide selection of slice pizza. The meatballs were really good as was the bruschetta - really good. Nice staff, clean. The brownie cookie together was good but underwhelming, the cookie alone and brownie alone are good enough. Good drinks, great location. Not bad pricing. Enjoy.I have such a crush on Slice! Wine Wednesdays hooked me in, distinctive toppings and toasty crust kept me coming back. This location in particular is comfy with groovy music and super nice staff. If pizza was actually a food category, I'd be in big trouble.love to eat here they r solo good even the salads are great
aparreb apparently our view is too short while I'm sorry it doesn't take that much to talk about that too but he's a good or it's notPayed a visit to Slice while staying at a B&B on Prytania St. The white pizza was awesome; just like what I used to get while living in the northeast! I'll definitly keep this place in mind if I make it back to New Orleans in the future.I have been here twice since my initial visit and been slightly disappointed that it wasn't as good as the first time. The past two times the pizza has been a little on the soggy side and kind of hard to pick up and eat. The toppings were still good so I would probably eat here again.So, Slice. I'm always conflicted about this place; the location is great, the decor is interesting without being annoying, the volume is just right, and the pizza is inexpensive. The (fairly) cheap pizza is even pretty good, and they have some interesting flavors ready to go, just waiting for your order. 
The thing I always run into here is the service. Some of the servers are absolutely wonderful (most of them) but when the place is busy, I tend to be ignored more and more often for longer periods of time. Don't get me wrong, it's not like the service is atrocious, and if it were just a bit better,  Slice would deserve 5 Stars. However, without that extra oomph, I can't justify more than four stars. 
Bottom line, go to slice for a cheap date and some decent pizza. You won't regret it.Love it! Great for families! I have also worked from here during lunch and had drinks with my husband. All around tasty and great service no matter what you're looking for.Everyone has their favorite pizza in New Orleans and this is mine. I love everything about it.  It is crunchy, fresh pizza deliciousness.   It is consistently good every time I go, and I've been going  for years.  I love the salads--I actually love everything.  
I had the BBQ Shrimp Po'Boy (which I heard is an old Commander's recipe)  originally as an appetizer and it  has quickly become a staple for takeout as a main course when I have friends in town because it is so good and so New Orleans-y. 
The service is always good. They always have a cute cupcake selection for dessert including their very own version of a Hostess cupcake-inspired one complete with the filling!  Its a great place to have in my neighborhood where you can get delicious and not greasy pizza.  Both locations are really good, but I like this location on Magazine just because it is bigger and usually faster.Slice. The first thing that hits you is the amazing smell of pizza. If you come here for pizza you won't have a problem. It's super good. Now if you come here for their other food you might run into some issues. The lasagna. It was way too hot to touch the plate but It was actually cold in the middle. I feel like they took it out of the freezer and tossed it I. The oven to warm it up.  It could have used more time cooking and I would have liked it to be fresh not frozen.They have perfected hot, delicious, fresh made pizza by the slice! Great salads and a fantastic bar. We enjoy this location lot!Since it was still warm for the season, I sat out on their patio. It was a relaxing Friday afternoon and I was pleasantly greeted by Erin. She was VERY cool and had all sorts of good news: both mussels and white sangria were half off, simply because it's Friday. Woohoo! These happy hour specials did not disappoint!
The white sangria was fruity, semi-sweet, light and refreshing. It was accompanied by slices of strawberry, lemon and orange. Although "white" sangria, it was the palest pink. Regular price: $5.50
The mussels were served in a delicious Pinot Grigio tomato basil broth with lots of yummy garlic. It was accompanied by garlic crostini rounds. Regular price: $11. 
Sitting on the patio was nice since I got to people-watch and enjoy a lazy afternoon. This is a cool place to come solo or with friends. Next time, I'll have pizza. After all, it is named SLICE! :-)The best pizza in town. Service is great as well. Very friendly. Not a fancy place but it's worth it. Try by the slice because you can try different types of pizza. Crust is super crispy and thin. Delicious. I will definitely come back.I like the space and it's a good vibe plus you have to like the 2-6pm happy hour with half priced glasses of wine, etc.  They have a nice bar with a good selection of spirits, beers, and wine (although virtually everyone there was waiting for takeout pizzas) but my issue is that the pizzas are too New York - and by that I mean somewhat tasteless like you could get on any corner in New York.  It's fun to watch them throw the crust, etc. but I judge pizza by taste and it just didn't come anywhere near the places I like in NYC such as John's on Bleecker and Lombardi's which have a great crispy, slightly charred thin crust and lots of flavor with minimal toppings.  Slice's pizza maybe lacked a little salt or something because the flavor just wasn't there plus the crust got soggy quickly and is not something I would have eaten on its own (which in my opinion is the sign of a great pizza).  I've gotta think if somebody in NOLA opened a great Neapolitan style pizza place with a high temperature gas or wood fired oven or even a Chicago-style pizza joint they could make a killing in Uptown.  I have yet to find great pizza in this town (although Domenica is pretty good) so I guess I need to keep trying.I used to live above SLICE! Easy access to great food! And a bar NOW.... THEY DELIVER! Did I mention THEY DELIVER!
We ordered a salad..A lasagna..and a bbg pizza with a ton of extras!
Everything was done purrfectly! 
we used to order from a place that begins with an R. ON Magazine. (Not one single time was the food what we ordered or properly prepared).
THANK BE ...SLICE DELIVERS!My fiancee pretty much said we'll be coming here every time we go to NOLA. That should tell you enough.
Let's hit the highlights:
-According to my fiancee, this is the best gluten free pizza crust she's ever had. It's thin, crispy, and flavorful. It beats all of the others I've had. It was even better when the owner stopped by and asked about it and told me the story of why he created it. You should stop by and ask him. 
-BBQ shrimp poboy. Spicy, decadent and full of shrimp. I almost made it a trip to NOLA without getting a poboy. Thank you Slice for not letting that happen. This is my favorite poboy in the city because it combines two of my favorite things: poboy and out-of-this-world BBQ shrimp. 
-The Popstars Ice Pops are a unique, flavorful dessert that is perfect for summer.Decent pizza joint. The white pizza is really good. The cheeseboard is yummy, I love cheese. The mussels are good also.. cooked perfectly. The bread pudding is to die for!I have eaten here a number of times because they make the best Calzone I have ever had. Very light crust stuffed with fresh meat and veggies. Easily one of my favorite places uptown. Parking can be a bit of a chore depending on the time of day, but it is worth the effort. The staff is laid back and friendly and it is always a good experience.I've been to both Slice locations and while I prefer the interior of the Magazine St. Location more, the pizza and ambience in both places is amazing. Their white pizza is the best I've ever had and their service is always great. Highly recommend to anyone, pizza fan or not (their other menu items are quite delicious as well). I hope they open a kenner or Metairie location someday soon.Geezem. I know this is a pizza place, but eat the BBQ shrimp Poboy. You won't be mad about it. It was one of the best I've had in town. Add in good drink specials and some solid beers on tap and you've got yourself a good night. Definitely a go-to spot Uptown.Great pizza, great bar, need I say more?I love thin, soft crust pizza, and this is definitely it.  We ordered pizza by slice, and our slices were a bit dry, like they have been sitting out.  We got the specialty slices, so maybe if we had custom ordered our slices we would have gotten fresher pizza.    That being said, the pizza was delicious, so I'm definitely giving this place another shot. I do like being able to order by the slice, since we were able to mix and match and try different varieties.Great spot on Magazine with great pizza. Crust is not to thin or not to thick. Good drink specials as well. Casual atmosphere so keep it cool when you come.Fast service, great food, good price!
How awesome is it to order pizza a slice at the time?  If you are like me you get board with a pie entirely the same.  Enter Slice.
The beautiful part of this restaurant is you can customize each pizza with different toppings on each slice.  This is the only way to do it, especially if you are ordering a pie for a few friends to share.  
Give em a try, you'll like it!Visiting the area from NJ. I am originally from NYC so when my husband suggested we had pizza in New Orleans I thought he was crazy. Slice did not disappoint. The sauce was amazing. The crust stellar. It could definitely stand next to some of my NYC Favorites.  Service was excellent. I gave it 3 stars because we had the meatball appetizer with cheese bread. My suggestion -- if your not going to do it right remove it from the menu....bread was dry and tasteless and meatballs were too salty and very small.  Definitely go to Slice If you want pizza just as good as NYC.   I'll will return on my next visit to NOLA.Amazing local farmed food .... Homeade popsiles with fresh fruit .. great kind serviceBig fan.  Really delicious food.  Pizza sauce, crust, cheese.  All top notch.  Definitely worth coming in.  Well done!  Let's just say this place is to a pizza joint as Commando is to badass action movies from the 80s.  The crust is like the scene where Arnold is getting geared up on Val Verde before he goes and blows up the military base: badass.A slice of Margarita with artichokes, a slice of BBG with artichokes and an undressed BBQ shrimp poboy. Amazing! Best pizza ever! Great waitress named Erin, fast service. I can't say enough positive things about this place!I had a Groupon and on the Groupon it said valid at St. Charles and Magazine st. I walked into St. Charles and sat down, ordered my drinks and showed the waiter the Groupon. He said they couldn't take it  bc there was a mix up with groupon. He even verified with Scotty, I'm assuming, the owner or Manger, who was sitting at the bar. Scotty kindly offered us one free drink for each of us if we decided to go Magazine for the unfortunate mix up. We said ok and headed starting for magazine st and greeted by Scotty. He got us each a beverage. Our server was super kind and the food we had was top notch. I am super picky about my boudin being that the best comes from in and around Lafayette but this boudin link matched that, no doubt. I ordered a slice of the HAPP pizza. Who'd of thunk pepper jelly would be amazing on a pizza?! The hubby ordered a calzone. Holt crap! So huge! And the fresh mozzarella inside was so fresh and good. Def will be back!I'm so mad at myself for waiting so long to try this place! 
Finally went here when a friend was in town and had trouble finding places open past 10pm. We were super excited when we looked at the menu. It's so nice to go a pizza place with a group and not having to agree on the ingredients. Especially since I was accompanied by one person who likes large amounts of meat and a vegetarian.
I split the arugula salad with my vegetarian friend, and it was exactly what I wanted: light, green, citrusy, and with shaved cheese. A perfect start. The other person in our party started his meal off with a slice of pizza. Our fantastic server informed us that the pasta would take about 20 minutes, so it would be a good idea to start off with something to eat so we weren't waiting. Very nice to know that ahead of time. Shortly after we finished the first part of our meal, we got the rest of it. I got a slice of the artichoke and sundried tomato "white" pizza and a slice of the gorgonzola, prosciutto, arugula pizza. I was slightly underwhelmed with the white pizza, but the gorgonzola, prosciutto pizza will have me back there the next time I have a pizza craving.
Also, very reasonably priced for the quality. Service was great. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for pizza or pasta on magazine.Slice is my favourite pizza place in New Orleans. I've had several of their pizzas and appetizers, but in my heart I'm a Trucker through and through. A Trucker who loves her some Strawberry Coconut Popstar.
I've also learned that when I'm home in Vancouver, I yearn for the pizza in New Orleans. The secret ingredient is heart attack.Got delivery from Slice and the pizza was delicious! I loved how we could order all different kinds of slices for delivery. The margarita was my favorite!I have eaten at this place four times now and each time I want to think, oh maybe it was just an off night last time because so many people seem to like it, but no, tonight sealed it.  The food here is just all around bad. I just got back to town from a long weekend in New York where the pizza is actually good so I knew I needed to try something else. Have a ham and cheese sandwich, how bad could someone make that.  You would be surprised cause this was disgusting. There was more mayonnaise on that thing than there was ham or cheese. The others with me hd pizza, if that's what passes for pizza in this town these days.  The sauce was awful, the crust was flavorless and the cheese was just bad. I really think that there needs to be some type of qualification system in order to be able to rate pizza on yelp. You have to at least once in your life tasted pizza made in a state north of the Mason Dixon. Otherwise you might actually believe that this place is good and I'm here to tell ya, it's not. Not even close.Called in a pizza pickup.  Wonderful options...got large half Sportsman's Paradise/Muffaletta.  Loved having some fun choices unlike the normal chain pizza places.  Guy at the bar was very nice and the pizza was delicious!This is a good pizza joint. They do a corn meal on the crust. It reminds me of Two Boots in NYC. The service and pizza can lack consistency which is why they get 3 instead of 4 stars.The Sicilian Marinara is vegan!  I'm excited because sometimes it is indeed the small victories in life!  
We expressly ventured to this area to savor a blueberry mojito at St. Joe's.  Our original plan consisted of quickly grabbing a couple of slices of Slice pizza and then immediately initiating the blueberry mojito fest.  However, Slice's snazzy interior and the notion of "drink specials" lured us in to have an actual old fashion sit down meal and drink.  
The Saturday special boasted of a Tanqueray cocktail for $4, which two of my companions ordered.  However, Slice was out of Tanqueray, but cheerfully substituted Hendrick's much to my companions' delight.  Another companion and I ordered Pimm's Cup because it just seemed apropos for us, as "visitors" to the lovely city that we had formerly though of as home sweet home.
Our server remarked that we seemed like we would be the "fun table" because of our gleefulness and loud cackling, har har  When I ordered the Sicilian Marinara, he was sure to explain that it in fact was prepared with no cheese and a lot of people seem to miss this in the description.  I assured him I was in fact vegan, yippeee!  Our pizzas took a bit of time making their way to us, despite the place being mostly empty, but this worked to our drinking advantage.  Somehow "just one one drink" became two or three for each of us.  It's a NOLA thing I guess!  
As it turns out, the Sicilian Marinara is pretty darn terrific!  I know some of you are thinking "No cheese?  No way!" but I assure you, it's a competent slice of perfectly crispy crust, richly marinara (with a slice bit of heat) goodness!  The grilled eggplant was perfectly complemented by the salty bits of capers and kalamatas olives and lemon dressed Arugula - definitely resulted in a flavor sensation that wonderfully substituted for the lack of cheese.  In fact, this pizza probably would've been ruined by the addition cheese and between you and me, cheese is the one thing I actually still yearn for from time to time.  I'm just so happy Slice added a vegan pizza option, as tasty and fresh as the salads are. 
The interior of this Slice is quite adorable and eclectic - displaying the drink and daily specials, and random nostalgia and hipstery artwork.  Quite perfect for Magazine Street if you ask me.  The service was top notch, really just an overall lovely experience.The sportsman's paradise pizza was full of flavor. The pizza by the slice was a good size. And was thin and crispy - just the way I like it. The service was decent. Had is been better, I'd prob rate Slice higher. Stay away from the Brookie - their house dessert, a brownie with a cookie inside. Not worth the calories or money.Don't waste your time or money. Their health standards are abismal and their service is awful. Chefs use their bare hands to put ingredients on pizza (without washing their hands in between) and I have been ignored by their staff for long periods of time. Both of my roommates have had surprise ingredients in their food- one found a dead moth in her pizza and the other had a long black hair wrapped around a lettuce leaf in her salad. On top of that, the pizza is mediocre at best. Reginellis has better pizza, better service and much cleaner facilities. AVOID SLICE.We had dinner here last weekend after moving our freshman daughter into her dorm at Tulane University. Judging by the name, we expected just pizza, but the menu offered so much more!
There was a very nice selection of salads and the half portions are generous. The pizza can be ordered by the slice or several sizes of pies. I got slices of white Greek pizza, perfect thin, chewy crust, DELICIOUS! Hubby and daughter each got spaghetti and meatballs, the portions were gigantic and tasty.
VERY affordable, delicious food, comfortable/relaxing atmosphere...I'm sure we'll dine here often during the next four years at Tulane!So, this is definitely not my first time at Slice on Magazine, however this will definitely be my last. Not only did my roommates and I wait for an hour to pick up our pizza, which we were told would only take 20-25 minutes to be ready on a Thursday night around 8pm (we waited at the bar being ignored by the bartender for 20 minutes), when we finally got our cold pizza it turns out to have mystery ingredients, and I am not talking about Meatloaf Surprise in the Cafeteria of high schools on Wednesdays. I am talking sometimes your pizza might have freshly roasted garlic, but other times it may have dead moths. That's right, I said it DEAD MOTHS!!!!!!!!! So after waiting to get my pizza for an hour and then driving all the way home (5min drive) and sitting down to dinner with my roommates, just to find a dead moth in my pizza, which luckily my roommates did not immediately throw up their pizza. Luckily! So get back in the car after screaming because there was an unexpected moth, sort of caught me off guard. So driving back, I am thinking, these peeps are just going to return my money and offer to replace the pizza. That would be awesome, easy, done, and go home and eat. However, when I arrive back at the restaurant and immediately get the bartender's attention, I would rather not wait 20 minutes for him to even acknowledge my presence, but when I told him that there was a moth, he was just like " Ohhhh...somethings are just out of our control", and replaced the pizza. Somethings are out of your control? NO NO NO, unfortunately that is not how customer service works. I was absolutely repulsed by moth, first of all, but to be treated like this is a no big deal. NOPE! Sorry! The pizza was replaced, and to its credit I must say that the pizza is good, however, I will not be returning to Slice, not with the risk of getting another moth in my pizza. 
Also, if you decide to test your own luck (GOOD LUCK), try not to look into the kitchen area. It is absolutely repulsive to watch grown men pick up the ingredients they are placing on your pizza with their bare, sweaty, probably not the cleanest hands. If you are going to allow your kitchen to be that unsanitary, I would recommend putting up solid doors that are not able to be seen by the outside public. The place was an absolute mess, and honestly they looked short staffed and not super friendly. Overall, pizza good, staff unhelpful, and BEWARE OF MOTHS. 
PS: This is not the first time my roommate has encountered a problem with Slice on Magazine. When she went there was a piece of long (we are talking long like probably a good ways down the back) long black hair wrapped around her lettuce in her salad (my roommate has Red hair in case you were wondering). Like did you intentionally wrap a hair around it and give it out to the most innocent person you saw just to see if they would see it? Is that how you get your fun working at a dirty place that is probably a whole lot dirtier behind the scenes. 
We, my roommates and I, will be taking our business to Reginelli's, who you should take a note from on the Customer Service side. When they make a mistake, they are quick to replace it and even quicker to offer their customers some kind of compensation for their mistakes. But if you are looking for good pizza and awesome people who can admit when they have made a mistake and truly enjoy working in a clean and respectable establishment, GO TO REGINELLI's, not Slice.  I repeat NOT SLICE. Not only will you get a better price, but you won't be afraid to find moths or hair in your food. Good luck in your food adventures and remember Reginelli's over Slice any day and everyday.Over spring break my family and I visited some loved ones in Metairie and we had a chance to venture into New Orleans for lunch one afternoon. 
My kids got cheese slices as per usual and gobbled them up crust and all. (What?)
My wife and I shared a large pepperoni and a salad ( we even had a slice each for midnight snack later) everything was hot and quick and exactly what we expected and more. 
Waitstaff was efficient and welcoming.
(our waitress was hilarious and kept our drinks full and made our kids laugh a lot)
Would visit again when we're in town.The Pizza is pretty good. We live three houses outside of their delivery zone. We called in an order and were told that they couldn't deliver to us. I offered to walk the three houses to the street in their zone and meet them, at which point I was told that they couldn't do that either. I asked to speak to the manager and was told that he was too busy to talk to me. After pressing the issue the manager got on the phone and told me curtly and abruptly that they wouldn't deliver to me even if I met them in the zone. He wouldn't provide and explanation as to why. We called Midway (also 3 houses outside of the zone) and they immediately told us they would take care of us.
Very poor customer service. We will not be taking our business there again and I would advise that you do not either.Me and my boyfriend LOVE this place. Food is terrific, comes out fast and it's affordable! Staff is very friendly and attentive!I am by no means a pizza connoisseur, and both of the times that I've been to this Slice location, I was with my buddy from NY/NJ who says that you can't get good pizza in New Orleans. I don't have the same NYC-level pizza expectation nor do I know what that expectation would be, so I thought the pizza was pretty good at Slice. I ordered the Prosciutto, Gorgonzola, and Arugula pizza (the other time we went, I just had beer) and it was good. I really have no complaints about the food.
I did, however, have an issue with the bartender who, when I asked what beer I should get, said, "I don't know" and made me feel awkward for asking. I often like to get the server's or the bartender's opinion on things, especially when I don't know what I'm talking about. For him to say, "I don't know," instead of explaining the different beers they have, was a complete turnoff.
I will be returning despite this because I know somebody who works in the kitchen, but that bartender is pretty much the reason for the not-so-hot review.Coming from philly, I wasn't expecting to find great pizza in New Orleans but I'm glad I gave this place a chance. The pizza was great and the dough/crust was especially EXCELLENT. 
There were a variety of slices available, including specialty slices. I ordered a plain cheese and a white slice (I'm pretty boring with my pizza choices). My girlfriend ordered a special cheese slice called "the fresh" or something like that - it had tomatoes and basil I think - and also took a chance on a prosciutto slice. The only one we didn't care for was the prosciutto and since she loves prosciutto, she couldn't pin what it was that she didn't like about the slice. 
The staff was friendly and provided quick and pleasant service.I am really a fan of this place. The prices are good, especially for the quality of food that you're getting. The fisherman's paradise slice is awesome with chunks of shrimp and meat topped with other veggies. They have great happy hour specials, one of which is $6 double margaritas on Mondays.B.B.G. and pepperoni were our choices and they did not disappoint!  Huge pizzas and worth every penny.So I decided to give this place a second try since my last visit which was probably around February of this year. I am disappoint yet again. I can see that they are working.... Most of the people are working hard. But it seems like their cooking/kitchen capacity cannot keep up with the amount of tables. Last time we waited about an hour for our food. It looks like its going to happen again... I'm writing this review as I'm sitting here pissed off about this. I should've known better than to come here hungry. But it shouldn't be that way. 
If they know the kitchen is getting slammed with orders, the least they can do is give you a heads up either before they sit you down or you place your order. A little warning is all I ask. 
So once again I'll say, I'm not coming back and maybe I'll stick to it this time. Besides the location on St Charles is much better with their service. 
So here's my breakdown:
4 stars for the food
3 stars for cleanliness 
2 stars for noise volume (way too loud)
3 stars for service (waitress was super cool)
1 star for making me wait so damn long. (one hour)Would not recommend this place to anyone , food was of poor quality and staff was extremely rude when we noted a hair on our pizza to the point we walk out without our food or refund , not very customer service friendly at all .This place is awesome! Hands down the best BBQ Shrimp in town.  It's not subtle, it's  not delicate, it's addicting as crack and will have you drinking it from the plate with your drink's straw.  Still can't figure out their secret.  Anyways, great bbq shrimp... the pizzas are awesome. we love the arugula, prosciutto and gorgonzola pizza the best.  Generous on the Arugula so there's a great flavor and you get even more if you just order a slice.  Also ordered the basil chicken pesto ravioli dish.  Denser than lead and hotter than the sun.  SO much good taste and greasy indulgence.  Get this if you're starving or want to take a second meal home in a doggy bag. this thing destroys me every time.  Super rich and super tasty.  Staff is nice, but unfortunately rushed.  Every time we come here it's packed.  Great happy hour. half off on apps and 2 buck abitas.  When will their Prix Fixe meal finally start?I little more family friendly as far as the seating, same great food as the St. Charles locationThe pizza is decent, though it took a little while for what seemed to be a pre-cooked slice to arrive at the table largely due to the kitchen staff, or so it appeared from where I was sitting. 
 They really need to clarify the check-in special or take it away because it's misleading or poorly-executed on their behalf.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! Yesterday my husband, my 2 yr old son and I decided to stop at this place to grab lunch after spending the day at the zoo. When we arrived there was only one other table in the restaurant. We sat down and was greeted by the server( don't have a name because she didn't say it, she had short hair) and asked what would we like to drink. Shortly after being seated we received our drinks and a table of 3 came in. We place our order for a pizza and waited. I noticed that the table that came in after us, got their pizza. The server came to refill my husband drink while I was in the restroom with my son. We were about 25 min in to waiting and the server comes to tells us our pizza is about to come out. A few minutes pass and no pizza. I went to the window where the server was standing talking to the cooks and asked her where was our pizza? Her response was "what?" I repeated, where is our pizza? She said the ticket must have gotten lost or something, but that they were making it right now. I couldn't believe it! Ok, I was done at this point, it had already been 30 mins of waiting and I was not going to wait any longer so I told her not to worry about it and we left. It is the job of the server to communicate with a customer. When this server told us our pizza was on the way out, we assumed she verified it with the back of the house. There is nothing more that upsets me than my family and I go to an establishment to eat and receive sub par service. I will never recommend this place to anyone.New Orleans is not a pizza town. Sure, they like pizza,...occasionally. 
I like this place for a variety of reasons. First of all, they offer pizza by the slice. I would expect a place that sells by the slice to be on par with Sbarro or something off of Bourbon St (like Mango Mango). 
No folks. This is quality pizza, and done by the slice. I also like their style of pizza. It's crispy, but not too thin. There's a good body to the crust. The toppings are pretty awesome, and all in all it's a pretty affordable place (pre-booze). 
The sangria was not all that great. I would stick to beer. NOLA Beer, perhaps?Stopped here for lunch during our shopping day in New Orleans. I got the ham and cheese po boy and it had a pepper jam on it! So delicious.
I also got a salad with fruit and goat cheese. Perfect lunch for a perfect day. I have been back from vacation for over a month and I still think about this meal lots.I haven't Yelp'ed in such a long time, ya'll must think I'm anorexic -_- jp. Suddenly I just had an itch to Yelp. Here goes:
As one of the duties of being Maid of Honor, I wanted to make sure my bride-to-be/best friend and friends of both parties were happily satisfied with delicious eats. And after becoming the unofficial tour guide back in March 2011 to our trip to Nawlins, I hauled the boys and girls onto the famous Trolley to Magazine Street where I was told there was ample boutique shops , nice scenery to enjoy, but most importantly, I wanted to check out SLICE. (run-on sentence)
We were famished when we arrived! The staff kindly seated us in a timely manner in the back section since we were such a big party. Already I like the VIP status, treating us Houstonians so sweetly! 
Let me just say their water is off the chain. Let me also say we were heavily parched so as the waitress gave us pitchers of water, we were super satisfied with the restaurant already. 
Having heard great things about the shrimp po-boy, I confidently ordered that dish and OH BOY, was it unbelievably awesome. The flavor was just so rich and succulent. The shrimp was grilled to perfection. The bread was not too hard or too soft. But mind you, the sauce will make the bread soggy so just be careful of that! My friends ordered the pizza there (what they are known for) and that is another winner. Their pizza consisted of a million toppings. And their crust was golden brown, not burnt! The million toppings and golden brown crust was very pleasing to my taste buds. 
Thank you, Slice. Not only did you give me props as the unofficial tour guide for my best friend's Bachelorette, you also made my Bachelorette Trip in Nawlins yummy as hell. Maid of Honor duty #87 accomplished!I really really want to leave one star.  I do.  It was a terrible lunch today.  It's probably some of the worst pizza I have ever had anywhere.  It's not a style thing either.  It was under baked and just plain sad, doughy.  Supermarket frozen would have been better.  I had a couple slices of a loosely based margherita pizza and a greek salad.  Perhaps the pizza is better if you don't order a slice and order a fresh pie.  I have no idea.  This crust isn't anything to write home about.  I like cornmeal but that's the highlight.  It isn't well fermented, it isn't chewy and like I said it was under baked.  The sauce is pretty good.  This is really poorly crafted and executed pizza.  You have to do a lot better than this because everyone has had good pizza and this isn't it.  
The greek salad was good.  Actually a really good value for $6.  It was huge and nicely dressed.  I like that they have salt and pepper grinders at the table.  This is probably why I won't leave them 1 star today.  That and the faint memory that I had some decent pizza on St Charles Ave years ago.
The service was terrible.  I couldn't really get my servers attention to get the check.  She was off talking with another employee for the longest time.  The hostess finally got her.  She asked me how it was and I told her it was terrible.  She laughed thinking that I was joking and I said "no really".  She still thought I was kidding and walked away.  It was actually funny.  She shorted me on my change after all that and I had to get her to give me another dollar.
Cool space, nice menu...... too bad.Not the best but ok. Toppings were really loose on the pizza. Everything just seemed rushed! But great service.As usual the food was excellent, but our server was not able to remember our order correctly, thus forgetting several items, including my child's meal. Perhaps more training before attempting to NOT write down the orders would help.
Not to forget that, of all the tv's here, they did NOT have the LSU/ Alabama game on!I have had good luck with both slice locations, I just like coming to the one on magazine because the parking isn't as bad as trying on st Charles. The pizza is delicious and they have a good selection of toppings like goat cheese mmmm...... This is the best pizza I've had in NOLAI ordered a pizza yet again chosen by pictures from Yelp! Living in Mid City, we don't have Slice as an option so it's either a special trip or 'just-so-happens' that I'm in the area and pay them a visit, the ladder being the reason.
I thought when I placed my order that I was speaking with the St. Charles location, thankfully upon finishing my order, it was clarified over the phone it would be ready at the Magazine shop. No problem. Good practice.
I went with a large BBG (bacon, basil, garlic) which was really good, i liked it a lot but I think a whole pizza of it is a bit much. They really load it up with a lot of toppings and it can make the crust a bit soggy, but it still stays in tact. I wouldn't mind my crust being slightly crispier, but for this being my first time, it wasn't bad.
I'll definitely be stopping back in this place in the near future, i've seen a lot of other tasty looking menu items I'd like to try, however I'll be sure to make that St. Charles appearance as initially intended.I like Slice when I eat it, but I have to admit that it never leaves a lasting impression on me. I've been there three times, and can't remember what I ate any of the times I went. I know I liked it well enough when I was eating it, and the price was so-so.was not expecting this fantastic of pizza in new orleans.  toppings were out of the ordinary, and crust was well made.  service was friendly, building was cute, and had round windows that reminded me of the inside of a ship. (this effect was aided by the near flood conditions outside).  this place rivals any pizza in my hometown of austin.
delicious, even as my 4th meal of the day.
make it your first.Ordered a simple pizza, they managed to make not edible for excess of spices. Definitely not Italian pizza here. Btw, we did wait more than 30 minutesI ate a cheese calzone here about a year and a half ago and never forgot how good it was.  Perfect crust, great combo of cheeses, perfectly distributed.  Yesterday I finally got back to Slice, and yes, the cheese calzone is still delish.  I added sundried tomatoes to this one.  The marinara is just right - a little chunky, a little spicy, and just liquid enough that it'll stick to the calzone if you dip a forkful in it.
The cute bearded waiter recommended a Lemon Basil Smash.  He was not wrong.  Great balance of sweet lemony flavor and Evan Williams, with the astringent bit of basil to spark it up a little.  My dining companion, usually a beer dude, took a sip of mine and decided he needed one of his own.  He got two slices of the pulled pork pizza and was entirely satisfied.  
I like this Slice's atmosphere a little more than the one on St. Charles, but the food and service are good at both.  Plus you can get your pizza on at Slice and then toodle next door for some grocery shopping.I come here a lot. You changed your menu, nice apps. However, really not digging your new pizza size options and sudden hyper-inflated prices. Why :(Slice has got to be one of my favorite eateries in the city!  I'm always satisfy when I leave this place. It a great lunch and casual dinner spot. I've been going to Slice on St. Charles since it opened and I was really excited when they opened this location on Magazine Street. It's way bigger! 
I would suggest these dishes...
For appetizers: Bruschetta, Barbecue Shrimp, Cheese Board
Salad: Spinach, The Mesclun (You really can't go wrong with your typical salads)
Sandwiches: They're Panini's are really good...but they have taken off the ones I have tried on their menu
Pizza: Spinach, Sun Dried Tomato, and Artichoke Pie (My fav!), Special 
Pasta: Bacon, Basil,  and Chicken Ravioli, Lasagna  
Calzones: Tucker
Overall, if you're craving pizza come here and you will not regret it!this place is way different than st charles branch, cleaner and more organized.
The pizza is huge and it's so yummyGreat selection of fresh ingredients for pizza toppers. Staff is always friendly. I would like to see the food orders come out a little bit faster though. Rasberry Cream Italian Soda - delicious!While this neighborhood hardly needs yet another pizza place (how about a quality Chinese restaurant?), Slice has opened up another branch, a block from Whole Foods. Like the original restaurant on St. Charles, the food and the prices are generally good. On the down side, the new place gets very noisy even when it's not crowded -- they need to put some baffling on the ceiling or something. Also, I was disappointed they didn't have the happy hour $5 for a pitcher of Abita special that's listed on the website for the St. Charles site. Our service was also so-so -- it took a long time and they forgot to bring the salad before the pizza.If you order a drink and it doesn't taste right be prepared to pay for it, once its poured you have to pay is what they said.Ok, this slice has it going on. Awesome décor, GREAT service and a damn good pizza.I love this pizza place.  It's nice to be able to get slices of different pizzas rather than settling on one pizza or 2 for the table.  Be warned:  the slices are huge.  I can usually eat only one.  
They have more than just pizza, though.  I usually get the Caprese Salad, the barbeque shrimp, or the seafood soup (if it's the soup of the day).  They also have fresh fruit juice Popsicles.
I've always had good service here, but I've heard a couple of stories or strange server behavior.  *See Jessica R's review*  This doesn't keep me away though :)A basic pizza joint with good quality pizzas.  We had a local Creole type that was tasty and washed down with an Abita beer it was satisfactory.  There didn't appear to be  many choices beyond pizza and lasagne. Everything was basic without any frills and the service was competent and friendly.The place could use a bit of a make-over and looking tired.  The first table was so wobbly that we had to move. It's doubtful paper under the leg would have done it.  In a pinch or in a rush I would call ahead and come again to pick up something several steps above frozen.This was the third time we have eaten here- also the last. Without a doubt the worst service I have had in ages( and that is really saying something). We waited 10 minutes for anyone to come to the table even to get a drink order. 2 iced teas took another 10 to get. We needed sweetener, asked for it and waited so long I finally got it myself from another( like ours- dirty)  table. The oblivious waiter didn't even notice. Meanwhile, a family sat at the next table, got their drinks and ordered, all before we could get our tea. We would never have gotten service had I not gotten the bartender's attention- he told the waiter to get to us.
We ordered 2 slices. After an eternity, they came- my husband's was right, mine was wrong. The waiter argued with me about it, then went and put in the order again. No rush- that didn't occur to him, I guess. 
The pizza was okay, skimpy on the ingredients, no seasoning. At least I wasn't starving any more. That's about all I can say for it. 
The first time we ate here was excellent, second time okay, third time an awful experience. There won't be a fourth time. The pizza across the street at Whole Foods is better- and they actually pay attention to what they are doing. I love to go to local places, but I will skip this one.Fantastic pizza!  I have only had the pizza here, but every time my wife and I go we are not disappointed. Thin crust pizza and a beer cannot be beat. A little pricier than the standard pizza, but it is in a convenient location and well worth it.Very good pizza, as the name implies you can order by the slice and order virtually anything of the menu by the slice.  Traditional style pizzas to the exotic gourment types, but pizza isn't the only thing on the menu. I had a side ceasar that was less than spectacular but again I didn't go there for the salad. Wait staff was efficient and I think the prices are reasonable. I would still put New York Pizza and The Pizza Man in front of them.Slice's pizza really does the trick if you're itching for crispy crust and good toppings. This particular location is a little more neighborhood-like just because of its vicinity to Whole Foods and the quintessential Uptown homes. While the caprese salad wasn't anything superb, the pizza hit the spot of our "comfort food" mood.Best place for delivery in Uptown! The pies are enough for 3 to 4 people. One complaint, once they made a weird bread pudding that was quite terrible. Not good to experiment.Is this the best pizza in town?  Not quite.  Is this the best "pizza place" in town?  Maybe...
I decided to give Slice another shot after an underwhelming experience at the St. Charles location.  The dining area was warm an inviting and the staff were super nice, but the food fell short.  The pizza we ordered came out with raw, poorly chopped veggies and a soggy, flimsy crust.  After that night we decided not to return to Slice as we had already found great pizza elsewhere.
In light of some good reviews, I had the urge to check out the Magazine St. location.  What I walked into was pleasantly surprising.    From the moment we walked through the door, the staff was friendly and attentive.  Giant port hole windows with transoms above flood the dining area with daylight.  It's light and airy while being cozy at the same time.  The bar was well appointed and had not one but two NOLAs on tap, one of which was my favorite, 7th Street Wheat. 
This place lives up to its name in that you can order by the slice starting at just $2.50 which is super convenient when you don't have a table full of hungry friends. My girl ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of the spinach artichoke white pizza and she was nice enough to let me sample both.  The normal pizza was pretty good, but the white pie is what really stood out.  I've had these pizzas before and it always felt like I was depriving myself and eating some kind of "diet pizza".  Not this time.  I actually liked it better than the regular pizza. Oh yeah, I ordered something as well.  I went for a massive broccoli mushroom calzone.  Not quite as dough-y as I'm used to, but very tasty.  It was more like a puff pastry.  
Great service and atmosphere with tasty pizza will definitely have me stopping in again when I'm uptown and craving pizza.***Warning before you read - I am a little bit of a pizza snob and a discerning pizza patron.
I went to the Magazine location for the first time last night. I really wanted to like the pizza but I thought it was pretty underwhelming. I ordered a slice of the veggie pizza which, I admit, might have been my first mistake. But at the same time, you shouldn't count on our toppings to "make" the pizza. The crust was okay, could have been a little crispier and thinner. The sauce had good flavor but hardly noticeable. But the cheese - good grief. Barely melted and room temperature. I understand that you won't get the freshest pizza when you order by the slice, but, good grief, just stick it in the oven (hell, I'd even take the microwave!) for 30 seconds. I I will also say, it was a Friday night and they appeared busy, still no excuse for putting out a mediocre product. 
I am definitely open to giving them another try, maybe on a weekday and not during peak hours. The prices are really great and the restaurant vibe is laid back and cool. Not cheesy at all. We sat at the bar and the waitress was friendly and attentive. Beer was cold and cheap and from what it looks like they have a killer happy hour.thank you fellow yelpers for leading me to the good food in Nola. I'm tired of getting roped into every tourist trap in the city.
went for an early dinner with the family (2 kids + husband) and each had a different kind of pizza. waitress was a little cool until she realized that the kids weren't going to tear apart the restaurant. service was about average but the food more than made up for it.
started with the arugula salad and the family got the garlic mozzarella bread. the salad is so light and rather inexpensive for the size (i got the small and it was perfect as a starter).
we each got different pizzas and tasted from them all. in all, we tried the meat lovers, cheese, arugula-prosciutto, shrimp-andouille, the special, fresh, and the greek. all were absolutely fabulous. even the cheese was worth the calories of a second bite. all the flavors were balanced perfectly and the crust was so flavorful. 
bill was about $50, which wasn't bad for dinner + appetizers for everyone plus 3 beers. would have liked to try their desserts but were planning on going to bee sweet (which was closed. boo.)
our weekends in nola are going to have to start getting longer because the list of places that we just have to eat at is getting so long.I think this is probably the nicest location of Slice but it can be really challenging to park as its so near to the parking madness around Whole Foods.  If all your in the mood for is one slice of pizza this is probably the best place to get a highly customized slice to fit your hearts desire.  The pizza here is ok to me and I like the availability of all the topping choices.  I still rarely end up here as when I'm in the mood for pizza I usually go to Theo's, Pizza Delicious, or the $5 pint and a slice deal at New York Pizza.  This is certainly a decent place for a slice but I always need more than one slice!This place used to be good. 5-6 years since it opened it has the feel of a neglected dump on the downhill slide toward extinction. Which it well deserves. It has devolved into the 2nd rate student-level food-to-drink-with joint like The Italian Pie that preceded it in this location. It's filthy (not just dirty), in dire need of a facelift, new menu and new staff. Our family had the worst service we've ever had at any restaurant in New Orleans. Waited over an hour for pizza (think about that), the order came out wrong, and at different times. The final person's order arrived after everyone else at the table had finished eating. A complaint to the manager was greeted by a dumb stare and a barely mumbled apology. Reginelli's is only a couple of blocks away with the same food done better in a clean, friendly, and efficient environment.Delicious pizza. Thinner crust and fresh ingredients