I just returned to Chicago from a 14-day road trip that led me into the French Quarter in New Orleans. I ended up staying there for 3 days, and Smallmart was a short walk around the corner from where I was staying. Tiny little place with memorable little finds you won't find anywhere else. You can pick up pop, coffee, etc similar to a 7-11 except on a MUCH smaller scale! The amazing finds you HAVE to try? Ohhhhhh,the warm fresh-made apple fritters, the cake donuts,glazed donuts-the Oreo cookie donut that strikes the PERFECT balance between being not to sweet to just sweet enough,all of their donut offerings were to die for,just make sure you get there EARLY in the AM (I would go in between 6-7am) if you want the freshest available,however,even several hours old and still yuummmmmy!! I've been missing New Orleans ever since I left,and when I go back,Smallmart will be one of my first stops on the way in!Overall this place is great... I'm not a fan of tofu, they put it on a poboy with avocado & it is amazing... 
Their vegetable curry is fantastic...
My only critique would be consistency,
flavor profile of the same curries changes from time to time, lentils can be cooked perfectly one day & still hard the next... 
BUT that will not stop me from coming here at all, 
The food is fresh affordable & deliciousCame here as a drunk tourist on a whim, but the vegan deluxe bagel sandwich was pretty good. We also had a samosa and pandora which I expected to taste dried out and at a mediocre, warm temperature but was hot and great! The Indian flavors stand up! The prices are fair and reasonable.  Go here for a cheap lil fix.When they say "small mart," they mean a couple of bananas and some candy bars. I can't review their poboys because they'd run out of tofu- pretty bad for a vegetarian place.Hidden gem among the bustling generic restaurants and tourist traps.
We came for some water and Band-Aids, but stayed for the amazing vegan curry on basmati rice.
Check it out!Small Mart is such a breath of fresh air. Flavorful fresh AFFORDABLE food made daily, tucked away in well kept corner store. You can tell everyone here really cares about what they do.I've pretty much eaten all the bagels this city has to offer, and Small Mart, after much analysis and consideration, has the best. Hands down. 
I come here all the time for a bagel, pastry and coffee even though I live several miles from the quarter. Bryant, the owner, is amazing. One time I was even parked illegally(shhhh) and he delivered my bagel while I was waiting in the car. On another visit, he had sold out of bagels by the time I stopped in, but, he went out of his way to prep some for me.  These are just two examples of Bryant tirelessly appreciating his customers. 
The vibe is really warm and local which is so refreshing for the quarter. Every time I come, I feel part of a community.This is an appreciation review for really one item that I've been getting two days in a row. The curry. A local told me about this spot for its quality, affordable pricing and vegetarian available options. A lot of places I've visited minus Whole Foods for simple greens is basically taking a huge toll on my food budget. Their different types of curry which appears to be pretty daily for lunch to early dinner is delicious at a great price. A flat $6 for one of those half bucket sizes. The white curry was nice and mild with some greens and potato. You can have rice with it too. The golden curry had larger variety of veggies and tomato--this so far has been my favorite. I wish they were very close to where I live everyday--but their location is so convenient for those on a lower budget in the French Qtr. On a nice day you can sit by the French Market since they are a corner away. I couldn't wait to eat their curries. I haven't tried their other foods since I am trying to maximize my fiber and veggie based intake.Love this little shop! I eat breakfast here on my way to work almost every day. They make their bagels and cream cheese spreads fresh in-house as well as a variety of delicious vegan treats both savory (samosas, curry, pakora, veggie burgers, vegan pO-boys) and sweet (cookies, peanut butter brownies, etc) also can't beat their $1 cups of coffee and hot tea :)Love! Delicious vegan bagel (reaaal bagels!) 
Haven't tried the curry yet but it's on my mindTried all of vegan baked goods, had a oatmilk chai, and went back again the next day! Had amazing curry & samosas, which my gf (who just got home from 4 months in India) was impressed! Good prices.  Nice job!This place has delicious food, but a solid 75% of the time, are out of honey walnut cream cheese. Not the end of the world, but not a good sign that they consistently cant keep something stocked.Wow! That's all I gotta say, just wow! 
One employee, his muscles were INCREDIBLE, he literally was carrying 10 cartons of cigarettes while smoking one! Ive never seen anything quite like it! The only thing greater than his strength was his general helpfulness and attentiveness to every customers requests. Not to mention, the gummy selection was world class. Will be returning for sure!This place is a blessing and the owner, Bryant is a glorious angel of a human. Definitely eat here. Order the chaat bowlBest bagel place in quarter. After several days of eating out at breakfast places I wanted a bagel.  This is a little shop and they carry fresh bagels and pile on the cream cheese.   $3 for a large toasted sesame bagel with cream cheese was great!!Whoa.  Blown away with how good their curry was.  In love after one bite.  Top 3 curries of all time for me.  Very friendly and affordable.  Brian said they have three rotating curries, can't wait to try them all.Just spent a week in New Orleans and got a bagel from small mart almost everyday. Bagels are one of my favorite foods and these were probably the best I've ever had. Also the only place that's ever put enough butter for me! It's been one day and I miss them already. Basically ruined all other bagels for the rest of my life though.I loved Small Mart and their cute little  vegetarian sign right on an awning on Decatur Street.  As I was exploring the french quarter and at this point feeling like refreshing energy through nourishment, it was with great relief and joy I found this place. I actually didnt search for it on google. They had a variery of options ro chose from in terms of cooked food. The attendant was very informative in telling me the only non-vegan food item at the moment were the Jamaican patties. So, I opted for the somosas with mango chutney as well as a vegan chocolate chip cookie. Everything was super fresh and warm. The flavors were authentic and did freshen up my energy. I came back here when I went for a second exploration on the nearby Mississippi river. The second time around they almost ran out of everything, but I was able to get a Dosa and I even got a free one. The staff is super nice and are willing to answer questions regarding the ingredients in each of their foods. Aside from the cooked foods which is what I focused on, there are other options as well, like packaged foods and drink where some are organic and carry labels denoting dietary options. They also make natural juices on the spot.  I truly enjoyed walking into this place.Wow!  I've been here twice and it's just great. The first time was for breakfast and I went with the vegan deluxe. Hummus, avocado, veggies and chili sauce on a nice authentic NY bagel. For my next visit, I was torn between a curry and a po boy but decided to go with the tandoori po boy and it was just perfect. Great flavor and perfect bread. Also the vegan treats are delicious!  I've had the coconut bar and the chocolate pb bar and they're both delicious. Highly recommended for everyone, not just vegans!stumbled into small mart because the vegetarian sign outside caught my eye. this store has so many options for the NOLA local or tourist while in a meat and seafood infested city. where my review goes wrong is the poboy i tried and how long it took to make it. it took pretty long for this simple poboy to come out. the idea sounded great, a vegetarian poboy..right up my alley! but it was basically a mooshy inside that tasted like a falafel that was undercooked. mostly bread too. i feel its a good idea, but the flavors and fillings all blend together and its basically a mooshy veggie burger.Amazing variety of offerings in this tiny establishment. Pumpernickel Bagels! Wish it was open 24/7As I was leaving the quarter, we popped in here because we needed beverages and what did I spy? A lovely looking tray of donuts.
Before I bought, I asked who made them and when the cashier told me Gerald's. I knew they would be a solid choice. We gobbled up a couple of donuts and a delicious apple fritter and they were as fresh as promised.
Otherwise it's a wee shop that sells the basics. Solid choice for a quick bottle of something...The bagels are amazing with a great selection on cream cheese and add ons! As a guy from the big apple I can say there doing good over heeeere! Good coffee too!As a vegetarian having just moved here, this place is a godsend.  Vegetarian, healthy, and well-priced is a trifecta hard to come by in New Orleans.
For my first visit, I had a curry for $6 that was authentic and absolutely delicious. I also tried a housemaid bagel with chive and scallion cream cheese. The cheese was absolutely stacked with scallions. Both items were scrumptious.
It's certainly a grab-and-go kind of a place, not somewhere to sit down and enjoy a meal. Luckily I am a 10-minute walk from here, and I anticipate many many visits to come over the years.Fantastic GF food!! I highly recommend this spot. Fantastic simple and fast!! Definitely a place for quick grabs!Loved this place! I ordered the vegetarian PO boy with avocado, chips, and a green apple Fanta. One of my favorite sandwiches ever.Excellent Food. Great prices, quick and friendly service. Chaat bowl and Tofu Poboy were both yummy. Super fresh, well seasoned nicely balanced flavors and textures. Best food we had while in NOLA over Thanksgiving. Maybe because we only went to places that had vegan food.The best damn bagels in the city. They have the most variety and best quality of bagels and then, as if it couldn't get any better, they put a #%^* ton of cream cheese on them! I swear sometimes it's the whole slab of cream cheese! The fat kid in me rejoices! The coffee is delightfully mediocre and unassuming (trust me, it's a compliment). And the guys who work here are the greatest people. If you are able to leave this place unhappy it's because you have no soul.I eat here 4-5 times each time I visit New Orleans. The vegan po-boy and the curry dishes are incredible!!  Their bagels are close to NY bagels with the option of vegan cream cheese.  Nice people, good service, very easy and quick. Pure deliciousness.Simply the only place to get a proper bagel downtown. The coffee is also tasty, and the people who run the store couldn't be nicer. I love this place!Wow. Overrated and overpriced with a side of unfriendly service!Why'd y'all leave Decatur? You filled such a need in the community. Also there was no notice, I went there one morning business as usual and the next morning the door was locked. Super disappointed.I moved to the French Quarter from the New York area four years ago, and I have spent these four years searching New Orleans for a decent bagel.  THE SEARCH IS NOW OVER!  Small Mart has real New York bagels that are actually boiled in NYC and baked here.  These Small Mart bagels are exactly the same as the ones I used to get in Manhattan and North Jersey.  I know there are many New York transplants out there, and I urge you to try these authentic bagels.  You will not be disappointed!  Buy 6 and you get one free.  Buy 12 and you get two free.A must-try eatery in nola! Bryan has a diverse menu for all diet enthusiast! Amazing customer service you will not be disappointed on the flavors, textures and presentations of all of their plates. Get there early if you want to try the full menu towards the end of the day they usually sell out quick rightfully so this is definitely one of the places you don't wanna miss in New Orleans. All of their baked goods are made in house; there is truly love and passion in the cookingFirst the bagels are super fresh and the schmear is liberally applied.  No beer keeps the street crabs at bay.  The curry is perfection and Samosas are awesome.  Cookies and treats plus an eclectic selection of snacks and beverages rounds out the food portions.  The sell some basic remedies and have cheap coffee plus kombucha on tap!  I recommend a visit but hope they continue supplying affordable high quality nutritious food out of this amazingly small space on the edge of the French Quarter.  I know they could do this anywhere but I'm glad they are here!!Great food but prices has gone up!! $31 for 2 fancy bagels without service and eating on the street ! That's insane! 
We won't go back!the service was great, the Norwegian was to die for, and the mango lassi was the perfect pick-me-up on a hot day!Haven't had a good sesame seed bagel since college in NY 10 years ago. Delicious bagels and sandwiches... ingredients are super fresh. The masala chai is great too. Highly recommend!tl;dr New York bagels (seriously, they are boiled in NYC and then baked here) with a super thick schmear at a great price. Plus, vegetarian and vegan lunch offerings? Who would of thought such a well curated convenience store could come in such a small package.
I was looking for a grab and go breakfast in the area on Yelp and saw this place pop up for bagels and I was intrigued. With super positive reviews I knew we had to check it out (Yelp rarely steers me wrong).
Hot damn! A huge variety of bagels welcomed us when we entered. Poppy seed, everything, egg, cinnamon raisin, blueberry, whole wheat and more. Cream cheese options included original, chive and scallion, curry, honey walnut, sun-dried tomato, pesto, jalapeño and more. Plus, make it a whole sandwich with smoked salmon, red onions and capers or go vegan with humus, avocado, cucumbers, red ion, carrots, lemon vinaigrette and chili sauce.
We ordered five bagels, with a variety of schmears and one as a sandwich, plus a coffee and a soda. Our total was a whopping $23! Dang what a deal. 
As we were waiting we could tell this was a locals place. Two fireman and a barista stopped in before their shifts and the staff knew them by name. One asked if the curry was ready (the delicious aroma was filling the place) and although he was told it still had an hour to go, they offered to carry it over to the station for him later. 
I dove into my bagel on the walk back and I was first taken about by the amount of schmear. It had to be 3/4 of an inch thick! And oh man, that chive and scallion cream cheese paired with the toasted everything bagel was pure heaven. 
Small Mart is exactly as described, a small store packed into the busy life of Decatur, but it is so much more.This little spot is amazing! The customer service is top notch and the food is incredible. I had the curry earlier this week. Freshly made and delicious. Went back later in the week for a bagel and it was incredible. Can't recommend this Covid compliant spot enough!!This place was recommended to us by the guy who works at Green Goddess. Don't be deceived by the size of the place - it's pretty neat and they have a good number of vegetarian and vegan option. I got the fried pakora poboy. It was yummy! It had a good kick - not over spicy but all flavors packed in a pocket. My complaints though - the pakora was soft and not crispy. I wouldn't mind if it turned soggy after adding the sauces but the pakora itself was not crispy.  Second one - a single pakora costs $1. One dollar for a pakora?! Really?? Yes, it tasted good but one pakora for a dollar is ridiculous! If I had to get only the pakoras I wouldn't even bother getting them but the poboy was good and worth the money. 
Poboy - 4/5. $7 - packed with flavors and a very good vegetarian/vegan alternative. Totally worth it.
Pakora - $1 each if you have to get just them which is totally ridiculous! I didn't get them but still I think it is way too overpriced.
Service - friendly staff. Just a regular corner grocery mart.A friend recommended this place for the kombucha on tap but after the delicious bagels and vegan lunches, I was sold.  I'm there a few times a week.  I'm still working my way through the lunch menu but the salad and the curry dish are my favorites.  Everyone is always friendly and helpful.  Love this place!*Moved to 2700 Chartres 
The vegan poboy (I got pakora instead of baked tofu) is worth the walk! Kombucha on tap too!I finally went to this place after hearing raves from people I know who live or work in the Quarter.  I hate when people use this word, but this is a well "curated" convenience store; they don't have a lot but what they have is great.  First, bagels from New York, with lots of interesting spreads.  And, no, they aren't stale because they arrive parboiled and frozen and are baked fresh on the spot.  The self-serve coffee is only $1 and is very good.  They usually have some kind of inexpensive but tasty lunch option.  Staff is very helpful.   Great addition to the neighborhood.I cannot say enough about this place!  The owner, Bryant, is such a great guy and so accommodating to the residents and tourists alike.  The store has the necessary basics.  However, the hot food, YUMMMMM!   Vegan and all kinds of happiness is behind the counter from the FRESH New York bagels and lox to the samosas, kombucha tea and of course the amazing soups.  This is a hidden gem, find it, eat and live a happy ever after life!The vegan vegetable curry is fast, delicious, seemingly healthy, and it costs $6. I honestly haven't encountered a better easy, healthy snack in the entire Quarter. Let's just say I'll be eating this a lot now that I've discovered it. Cheers!Wow. The best vegan food I've had in many years. The pakora samosa combo with rice was delicious and filling. Great staff. We called ahead and our pickup was ready when we arrived. The kind of moral that makes you happy to be alive. Worth a trip to outer marigny fo shu. Say hello to Brian.I love there vanilla cappuccino amazing  no bitter taste and Service was very nice
Thank youIncredibly nice people & amazingly delicious food! The sammies are perfect. My favorites are the Gringo & the Bombay. Fully obsessed with small mart!!! Grateful for this Nola gem :)
Ps: more than happy to drive across town for the food! It's that good!!Fantastic bagel sandwiches! I recommend the Mediterranean (bagel/lox/cucumber) but my wife loves the traditional.
I'm sure everything else there is equally great.Shhhh hidden gem in the French quarter! If you are vegan or vegetarian RUN here!!! New York bagels and pakora po' boys....omgI was having a meeting in the neighborhood and was looking for a veggie-friendly place and came across Small Mart Cafe so decided to check it out. 
I ordered through the walk up window and then waited outside for my food; the menu was also posted on the walk up window.  
The menu has a lot of South-Asian inspired dishes with pakora, samosas and other South-Asian based cuisine.  
i ordered the Taaza Salad and the poboy - which could come with pakora it's tofu and i choose tofu.  the tofu poboy was 1) very big and filling and 2) was really good with great flavor.  The taaza salad was alright - it was also a huge portion but there was WAAAYY too much turmeric powder added and it overpowered everything
Overall good food if you are looking for South-Asian inspired veggie foodsmall mart is the saving grace of lower decatur. everything is delicious and it's a safe haven in a super high-traffic tourist zone. everyone who works at small mart is great, the bagels are great, the curry is amazing, the chai is life-saving, everything is affordable. can't say enough good things!If you want the best bagel in town, stop here. I can't recommend this place enough. Also, the owner is an absolute angel of a human.I got the Chaat Bowl and I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was! It's all vegan and was very filling especially for such a cheap price - was only $9. They're operating from a walk up window and they move pretty quickly.A vegan po-boy for Joi?! Small Mart opening up just a hop skip and jump from my house is a gods-send and I'm not the only one feeling it! There was a line out the door on a weekday. 
Although I heard great things about the curry, it's so rare that I can get an authentic NOLA po-boy, I had to go for it. And I'm not one to ever pass up a vegan baked good, so I chose a peanut butter/chocolate brownie for later. 
OK, so I waited a long while (I won't ever come here if I'm short on time), but the sandwich was worth it! It's piled with tofu, pickled veggies, onions and I added avocado which you should do too, obviously, because avocado makes everything even better. The bread is perfection. I was pretty happy and feel like I inhaled that gorgeous thing. I indulged in the chocolate/peanut butter brownie, but found it a bit too sweet for my liking, not that this is a big deal and probably due to me not always loving brownies anyway. I just appreciate that they offer vegan baked goods. 
There's ample seating here and people are generally in and out, so don't get discouraged if you walk in and see every seat taken. That said, the fast food vibes are strong (despite them not being very fast LOL), so I don't think is a place I'd go with a group of friends for a meal.  
I look forward to returning when I'm back in town and could see myself being a regular. You can tell that the people behind the operation are extremely kind and appreciative of their customers. Small Mart is the ultimate small local biz that we should all want to support!This is my favorite little food spot by the Marigny/Bywater. Lots of great vegan and pescatarian options to be had. The bagels are from H&H in New York, so I'm always pleased by that.  (Although they could work on smearing the whole bagel with cream cheese evenly, but I'm from New York, what can I say) 
Their Indian food is my favorite. The samosas and chaat bowl are my go tos but the bagels and bagel sandwiches are a close second!
Covid note: all takeout, very safe, masks required, staff all wearing masksI really enjoy small businesses and supporting them. The staff at the new location of Small Mart are super sweet and friendly and go above and beyond for their customers. The Masala chai, mango lassi, coconut curry and samosas were delicious, topped with a "magic" coconut flakes bad.I got the Norwegian bagel sandwich, a brownie, and an iced coffee. The sandwich was great. The salmon was obviously high quality. The brownie was pretty good too. Sadnly, the coffee was undrinkable. I like strong coffee, but I also like my coffee to taste and smell like coffee, not diesel. The employees are not very friendly either. New York food, New York attitudes.Definitely one of the best veggie burgers in town! I absolutely love this place, the indian food is incredible as well as the bagels. My favorite is the blueberry bagel with honey walnut cream cheese. Also great vegan cookies and vegan options. 10/10 recommend. Come check it out!!Excited to have Small Mart in the neighborhood I frequent. Its a great place for vegans and vegetarians but I being neither its a great way to get extra veggies in my diet. The stars here are the bagels which are legit NYC bagels, oh how I wish they offered breakfast sandwiches with those. They also offer a great daily curry for $6. Small Mart is good but for what it is its a bit on the expensive side. Even the $6 curry is more of a side dish than a meal but if you are a light eater and and vegan/vegetarian this is your spot.We walked over with 4 kinds under 3 years old and they were so nice and accommodating. The food is awesome and the service is amazing.The new location is bigger and brighter but still pleasantly low key. Nothing fancy but you get great food at a good price. Love the curries and pakoras and the bagels are excellent.  Service is always friendly and efficient.  Just the kind of place the Marigny needed.I'm not even a vegetarian and this is some of the best food I've had in awhile. I got the Chaat bowl and would highly recommend it to anyone. Super reasonable prices and friendly service. Will definitely be going back soon to try something new!Small Mart is THE hidden gem of New Orleans!!!!!! Open 8-8 everyday, with the MOST amazing vegan curry everyday for just $6. Seriously, the curry and pakora are absolutely amazing. They also have a baked tofu poboy, but honestly, I'm too obsessed with the curry to branch out  it's too good and the price is RIGHT! Finally, an affordable vegan lunch spot in the quarter!! 6 stars, if I couldAs a recent re-arrival to New Orleans after 27 years in Manhattan, I set out to find the best bagel in the city. After several false starts at "best bagel in New Orleans" shops, I discovered Small Mart, which won hands down. All the other bagels I tried were way too dense and unflavored, almost like eating card board. It was as if these places were trying to see how heavy they could make them, equating weight with authenticity.
Small Mart's bagels are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside (medium dense) so that you did not feel the need for an extra set of incisors.
Kudos to Small Mart and a pox on the others!
By the way, Small Mart is not convenient to me (Stein's is right down the block-whoops) but the bagels freeze wonderfully and worth the trip.Pretty delicious bagels! I had the onion bagel with chives cream cheese with salmon and it was delicious. The banana but bread was amazing! Would suggest getting the banana bread heated up but other than that pretty good. Only complaint was it took about 25-30 minutes to get our food. It was kind of busy but shouldn't take that long.I ordered the Norwegian. The sandwich was good but definitely overpriced. They gave me 1 slice of smoked salmon. Could you spare the salmon? And a ton of cream cheese. I was a tad disappointed that I paid $13 for literally a cream cheese bagel, cucumber and dill. 
However, the bagel was really good and the ppl are nice. Give em a try.I love Small Mart so much that I hesitate to write this review and reveal how amazing they are to the rest of the world, but I also want them to stick around forever so please do give them a visit if you're walking around the quarter.
Unassuming, tiny, and a bit of a hole-in-the-wall, small mart looks like a corner store but it's actually a treasure trove of delicious vegan eats. They rotate specials daily, but since you ARE in NOLA you should of course give the vegan po'boy a try. I had it with the tofu and found the flavour to be more akin to a banh mi, but that's a good thing if you ask me, given the refreshing lightness of the veggies contrasting with the perfectly crunchy, fluffy bread.
They also have a few vegan baked goods and a decent selection of beverages to choose from, in case you need to cool off. Not a spot to sit and hang, but their foods are packaged perfectly for walking and noshing!Wow!!! So upon a recommendation today we tried small mart for a quick bite while our on our daily bike ride wow!!! They're soo friendly and the food wow!! Sooooo good that we'll be back so often that we could risk  burning out on it it's that good! Aware of allergies if you have them they created a bowl for me today that one I was able to enjoy and be a treat as I'm trying something new.... Then you either sit inside or out at the corner and it's do relaxed we were so happy that we tried them today!!! Bit of a rant my review but I am clearly impressed and thrilled that we found Small Mart!!!! Wow!This is a lovely place for getting snacks and breakfast. I no longer eat bagels but I've had his Indian food and it's delicious. Brian is a talented chef and so sincere and even his banana nut walnut bread is very very tasty! It's a cute and cozy interior which I finally saw last week. Previously during the pandemic it was window service only. They did amazing precautions to remain in business throughout the pandemic and I commend them for that. But back to the food, the samosas and samosa chat are both delicious! Chutneys are on point and Brian can remember your food allergies and preferences like a steel trap! And before I forget, there is a cute little coffee shop next-door that's kind of attached. So it expands your options. Bon appetit!Wonderful freshly in-house-made bagels. Delicious vegan foods. Very good friendly service. Neighborhood coffee & bagel place. 
On street parking. Call ahead or walk in & order.Stopped in after a day of biking around the city. A friend of a friend suggested we checked out this place and I'm glad we did! Tiny but neat market, nice guys behind the counter helped navigate the menu. We were craving a good curry so of course we had to order the curry of the day -- a golden curry today with chickpeas, peas, potatoes, green pepper, carrots, and celery (?). It was rich and aromatic but didn't have much spice (though the sriracha helped). Decent for $5 but nothing to write home about. The taaza bowl was tasty, though a little sweet for me, but my friend enjoyed it. Overall, super solid. Would definitely return to try a poboy, chai, and mango lassi. And a vegan dessert, let's be honest.Friendly staff, delicious food, fast service, and plenty of options for vegans and non-vegans. Love Small Mart!This place is fair to good depending on what you're getting. I've tried most of what's on their menu but the Tazaa Salad is by far the most disappointing, it's just a very bulky salad full of little white like pasta appearance that i couldn't really identify and they top it with very little amount of veggies but underneath the salad is just carbohydrate that will make you feel so bloated. As a vegan who enjoys eating plant, this is NOT the salad i wanna order again. This place is located in Marigny very close to Crescent Park.Where do I even begin?!? Small mart is amazing, the owner works super hard and is always there. He managed to stay open and adapt during the entire Covid business closures and he did it in a safe very clean way. This place is great to begin with, they have tons of vegan and vegetarian options, kombucha on tap, NYC bagels and arguably the best bagels in NOLA. They've got curry that's fresh and really good, plus you can't beat the price. They have vegan goodies too. During Covid you'll have to wait longer than normal but trust me it's worth it.Everything is so good here!!
such a gem!!!
Great lunch spot!!
 my girlfriend is not vegan but she swears they have the best burgers period!!!One of my favorite spots! Doing the best and most during COVID and still serving with a smile. Love this place!Small Mart is the most wonderful hidden gem! They're a staple in my week. They offer the most delicious bagels, sandwiches, and curry plates at a great price point. Their curry plate is incredible, and is so filling and hearty. I love them, and all they do for the community! Small Mart forever.Update: bagel also slaps (is very good) . Both actual bagel and bagel prep are on point baby. Mad cream cheese, crispy outside chewy inside. love it.