Delicious, Good prices, & light on the tummy! I had their one non-vegetarian meal item of the day, and it was incredible!The food is banging and cheap and it feels like you're eating in your grandma's tacky parlor. The furniture might have actually been hers before she died and it all went to Goodwill. That's sad, but then you'll look at the sophisticated young urbanites around you, wearing the same clothes your cousins did in the '90s when you would visit your now-dead grandma, and you'll cheer up a little.
Then you'll remember the awesome plate of vegetarian food and jar of iced coffee set you back only $11 and you'll just feel really great. THE END.Amazing Food Awesome Owner/Chef Super Friendly Employees Health Food Also Fresh & Yummy 
Must Try Place For Everyone !!! Highly Recommend This Place Can't Say Enough About It Food Is Always Beautiful.Awesome vibe, interesting when you first pull up but you should definitely get out of your car and go in. 
Food is prepared nicely, seems like some guys want to have fun and make good healthy food. 
I like it, and so does my vegetarian wife.Very cool vibe - cool music, artwork, and people. Prices a little more on the $$ side. I got the pickle platter, veggie broth soup, and Reuben sandwich. Pickle platter and veggie broth soup were both a little overspiced and the soup was mostly mushrooms but it didn't say it had mushrooms. Reuben was very greasy and delicious. My friends seemed to love the salad and pumpkin nuggets but said the sauce was a little powdery.If I could give this 10 stars I would! Amazing locally grown food with local flare! Healthy, fresh, charming and overall incredible well made! I got their special of sous vide pork over grits with greens for only $9. My mind was blown from not only the price, but the portion AND quality! It was so spectacular I went back again. If I come back to NOLA, I would just eat here every day and try everything! 
Also, it has fantastic vegan, vegetarian, AND meat options. They're masters of their craft on such a remarkably humble scale. Simply put: great food and kind service. 
Please be aware: The patrons can be spaced out hippies with a little too much sharing unsolicited advice and some others tailoring (bastardizing) the pristine menu to their specifications. So that might be a tad irritating.I love this place. Incredible breakfast for dinner which I love. I had the vegan patty melt which I loved. This place is worth the visit. People are friendly and everything is made in house. I can't wait to try other menu items.Great place with good food. Owner is an amazing guy who cares to know his clients. Love itYou will be amazed at how flavorful their food is. You will order their tofu salad and fall in love. You will add French fries and reassess your whole life. You will come back again until you've tasted everything on the menu, and you will never be disappointed.If your visiting or a native to New Orleans you'll find out it's difficult to find vegan cuisine. This place has it all- Creative local vegan dishes at affordable prices, and a meat dish for your carnivore guests. Another great thing about Sneaky Pickle is that you feel like you're in someone's home, rather than being in a restaurant. With that said, the people there make it feel like a home. This is a wonderful establishment, and one of many New Orleans best kept secrets.I'm quickly becoming a regular at the Sneaky Pickle. The alternative, veggie-first cooking coupled with irresistible cold brew coffee keeps me coming back at least a few times a week. My go-to is the daily meat flatbread. When my girlfriend had her first bite of the catfish flatbread with a peach/veggie slaw, she literally said "this is the best thing I've ever eaten!" When I'm just dropping in for a snack, I like to get the daily smoothie made with fresh fruits and veggies.
During the quieter hours, the Sneaky Pickle can serve as more of a cafe environment. I like to post up in the early afternoon when it's not so busy and do some work on my laptop. It's a pleasant atmosphere to relax in. All the staff, including the owner/chef Ben, are really friendly and they are all passionate about healthy, delicious food.
We're lucky to have such a great option in the neighborhood. I'm excited to see what these guys cook up in the fall!I love this place so much I wish I could eat there every day- oh wait, I live a block away so I can! YESSSSSBeen meaning to come here for a while; finally a friend bought me. Had the pickle plate, the special salad, the cobia appetizer (another special), the pork/pear butter/potatoes, and french fries. (Yeah it was a lot--the counterman advised as such--but I was hungry and wanted to try a variety of things.) All were very good, the salad and cobia especially so; in retrospect, I could've made a meal of those two by themselves (tho the variety of choices on the pickle plate was lovely as well). I would just wish that I could get either pasta or rice with the pork, or even perhaps french fries. But that's just me as potatoes are not my favorite. Service was fine. I just wish the Pickle would stay open later than 9pm, especially on the weekends. In any case, do hope to return :-)This is a great addition to the neighborhood. The menu is creative and always has healthy options. The "breakfast" is amazing! There is good pour-over coffee.
It seems the ingredients are fresh and probably come from the farmers market. Only critique, the kitchen is listening to different music then the house so as a costumer you're hearing two songs at once. Pick a song and go with it please.Great place amazing healthy food with well thought flavors. Owner is an amazing guy who cares to know his clients. Love itTHE SNEAKY PICKLE REUBEN IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER EATEN. Yes, it's true. I'm obsessed. Sometimes they don't have it or cabbages aren't in season or something and my heart literally breaks. At times like that I am tested to eat everything else on the menu (although even when the reuben is there I like to get a few item and test the specials because I'll never see them again). There's the regular menu on a little sheet and then a large chalkboard full of all the specials. Everything is great. Literally just order one of everything on the menu because everything he serves is so different from the other. The fries are killer. The greens make me drool. That hot sauce mmmmm. Just eat it all. You will not be sorry!
Sneaky P itself is kind of a trek for me, which is why I don't eat it every day, but it is well worth the trip. It's a tiny little colorful shack that if you blink you might miss it but that makes it even more lovely. When you sit there with your beautiful meal you really feel like you're in an old friend's house getting a home cooked meal - except you order at a counter and pay them. Whatever, take ALL my money---and make the reuben year-round!In a pretty shady area of the Bywater, Sneaky Pickle is a refreshing spot away from all fancy oysters and fried food in New Orleans. They serve vegan/vegetarian food with meat options. I got their seasonal greens - brussel sprouts over collards. While this was delicious, it was a bit too oily. What they did well was... their fries! Yes, I said that. Each fry was perfectly crispy and I eat a lot of fries. Finally, I got their flatbread, which is more like a taco with pork shoulder. This had too much aioli and the pork was very fatty; however, despite all that, the "flatbread" was perfect... and those fries! 
Seeing pictures of their mac and cheese, I wish I had gotten that too!I'm generally quite skeptical of vegan restaurants but Sneaky Pickle confounded my expectations and made me think twice.  I did cheat a bit (they have a meat dish each day -- when I went it was brisket), but the meal was pretty tasty.Just YUM!!! We loved everything about this little place. Get the food bowl with lamb. Best iced coffee in town as well.I absolutely loved Sneaky Pickle!! The food was delicious, made from scratch with great ingredients and prices were very reasonable. I will definitely be back!We decided to venture out of the French quarter to try this place because it had vegan options. We got the Reuben sandwich, a vegan burger, fries, and a buffalo tofu cauliflower salad. It was all very delicious! I wish there was one of these back in Los Angeles where I live. The indoors is also very cute and artsy and the restaurant runs in a kind of co-op style. Next time I'm in NOLA I am sure to return and will probably get the same things I got before and add the mac n cheese (someone next to us got it and said it was really good) because it was all so delicious!I'd go with 3.5 stars if I could, but alas. When I worked in the neighborhood, I went to this place pretty regularly, but now that I have to go out of my way for it, I find I'm not all that smitten. I do really like the veggie patty they make in-house, but they seem to be sold out of it a lot of the time. So then I have to try other things, and I'm not a huge fan of the other things. The beet flatbread was pretty good but nothing special. The fries have been hit or miss - sometimes nicely crispy, sometimes soggy. I did not enjoy the tempeh sandwich, but I generally tend to avoid meat replacement type things, so maybe I should have continued doing that. It was one of those times when the leftovers sat in my fridge for a few days before I had to choose between eating them and cooking. Granted, I did eventually eat them, but only to avoid making an effort.
I've done the dine-in thing and the take-out thing here, and either way, the service has always been really slow. Even when there aren't a lot of other customers. Usually I wouldn't have a problem with this, but I get a short lunch break, and I can't spend the whole thing waiting for food to be prepared.The veggie burger here is amazing. The french fries are fresh and delicious. Everything is made to order. There's lots of cool art on the wall and the people at work are very nice. They have some flatbread tacos and stuff that look good tooWe were told to check out this place on our first day of our trip to NOLA... Both my boyfriend and I could not have been happier. We had the Reuben, the burger, french fries and some sort of flat bread (maybe mirliton?). I can't say enough about this food. The burger was out of this world and the french fries were some of the best I have ever had... I know, I'm talking about french fries, but seriously, these were great. 
On our way out, we met the owner and he was super nice... good vibe all around.
If we had been staying in the Bywater for our entire trip, I would have eaten here every day. As it was, we were only able to return a second time before we left. We brought a couple of friends who loved it just as much as we did.
Open a Chicago location!Had he veggie burger. Massive sandwich and cheap. Clearly s homemade burger and not a frozen store brand. I'm not a Brussel sprout fan but theirs were amazing. I was more sad when they were gone than the sandwich. I'll be back for sure. Meat-eating bf enjoyed his beef flatbread.great spot.  The tomato jam on the vegan burger is ridiculously tasty.   I wish I could put it on everything.   Service was a little slow but super friendly and very attentive.   I think it was just because we got there when they were just opening but no matter what, I'd wait a little extra time to get that delicious food any day.    The fries were some of the best I've ever had....    ooooohhh.   I'm getting hungry just thinking about them.We've tried it all. Seed, Good Karma, Carmo, Superfood and Sneaky Pig was our favorite. We ordered the burger, tempeh flatbread, and bok chop cashew dish and they were all great flavors. Don't expect anything close to a 4 star restaurant but if you're vegan you should be used to this casual ma and pa atmosphere.I love Sneaky Pickle,  they have delicious vegan food! , I could eat here every night!  They don't have an extensive menu,  but everything I have had here has been so yummy!  Fries, salads,  chocolate chip cookies! !This place is good people.  
You'll see a lot of hipsters in here, but the decor exudes a really sweet, plainspoken kind of vibe that's not at all holier-than-thou, even though the Tempeh Reuben is most definitely holier than, well, me at least, and probably you too.   Somewhat new to the area, I've only been here about three or four times, but from what I've tasted and what I've heard, from those who would know, is that they don't make food that ain't effin' delicious.  
And it's local.  And it's largely vegetarian/vegan, which is to say it's sustainable and visionary in a food culture where vegetarianism still somehow fails to recommend itself to the mainstream.  I'm so tempted to use the word utopian, but I'd like to be taken seriously...
And, in what is for many people the bottom line, the prices are reasonable for food, and DIRT CHEAP for food this good.  Eat here.  Eat here as often as you can.The reuben was just as delicious as everyone says it is! I am not usually a tempeh fan, but when topped with caramelized onions, sauerkraut, and somehow vegan thousand island dressing, I was totally sold.What a charming place! The food is creative and taste. They have a variety of options including some delicious vegan offerings. I love the Vegan Reuben and their MAC and Cheese. They have some great sauces to dip your fries in and some fun drink options. The outdoor seating is fun in the evenings. I say sneak on down to the Sneaky Pickle.Please go here if you are vegan, vegetarian, or just looking for something a bit different. I got the bowl of food, which is a daily special of sorts. The description listed its contents and honestly, I was prepared for it to be bland. Nope. So many layers of flavor, great portion size, and only $7.50. We were iffy about getting fries. The lady helping us looked up and said, "Look, they're not shitty fries". She was not wrong. Get them if you go. We also walked away with a few more recommendations for local eats that aren't tourists traps thanks to the great people working there.Sneaky pickle has the best quality and tasting food in New Orleans. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but I still like they're veg options and the meat here is so delicious. The staff is awesome, today we went in and a young lady with pretty purple lipstick was just sweet as can be. Will definitely continue to come here forever.The food here is amazing! So fresh and delicious. The ambiance could use a little help but who cares when your eating heaven.I'm not vegan.  I went to be a good sport for someone who was vegan.  I had the Reuben.  Not my thing...I'm not really sure what I ate but lost most of my appetite from the looks of the servers unfortunately.  One had shorts on with her ass out.  Another with stockings and all types of holes in it.  They just didn't seem like the cleanest people.  Again...not really my thing but at least I tried it and was a good sport about it.I was hearing about this place for a long time and then I finally got to try it. The salad was saturated in sauce I could barely enjoy the meal. The area is dangerous for going alone after dark. Staff was friendly though and I love their conceptI only had the beet flatbread and an iced tea but I can't wait to back for more. You can't beat a filling and super tasty lunch for $5! There were so many flavors and textures going on and it all worked. While I am probably not cool enough for most of the clientel, the staff were very nice and friendly. The decor and atmosphere are not the usual these days, but I liked it and it reminded me of "health food" places from 25 years ago when it was hard to get vegetarian food and cafes were a mix of old hippies and bright eyed punky college students (like me). This place is the sort of child of that time. The music was eclectic, in a good way. I will wait til my next trip to see if it deserves another star...Our experience here was phenomenal. The ordering process was easy and the food was incredible. We got a little bit of everything. The spicy cauliflower soup was to die for! Not to mention most of the options were vegan. There was something for all 3 of us to enjoy. Can't wait to come back!I'm not from NOLA, so I relied I Yelp to find a vegan-friendly restaurant. After seeing very positive reviews we decided to try it out. 
The first thing to know, if you're from out of town, is that this place send like it's in the middle of a residential neighborhood. The street is dark and the road in terrible condition. The building itself is a little run down and totally nondescript. Fortunately, one you get in the door you forget about all that. 
Inside is a fairly typically eclectic hipster order-at-the-counter restaurant. The menu is not exclusively vegan/vegetarian, so you can bring your meat-eating friends. 
They source locally so everything is fresh. We had the tofu flatbread, bowl of food, steamed veggies, and pickle plate. 
The pickle plate was a great, tart and sweet starter. The tofu flatbread was the best thing we had all night. I could have eaten 3 orders. We liked the steamed veggies, though they weren't anything amazing. The bowl of food, essentially a curry bowl that night, was delicious. Everything was made to order and made with care. 
Would definitely go again.-Best Vegan Mac n cheese
-Order at counter/self serve
-Short staffed
-Smelled like Moist armpit, spices and sweat
-Funky atmosphere/inspiring Local art
-Unique rotational menu
-Food was very flavorful with (comfort feel)
-Hipster Heaven/Hole in the wall
-Didnt use the bathroom
-Staff was Friendly
 Conclusion "Would return if back in the area "Had a really great meal here tonight.  Fresh farm ingredients and humanely raised meat when they serve it.  They hooked me up with a fried pepper and tofu dish that mimics a Rhode Island style calamari dish.  Good flavors and a diverse crowd.  Will be back..The food is healthy and inexpensive, albeit a bit on the salty side for my preferences.
Service is appropriately slow for a real food restaurant (not fast food), and the atmosphere tilts to the casual.
The smoothie (kale, wheatgrass, satsuma, banana, Apple, blueberry) was the highlight, though heavy on the banana and  light on the greens.
The bowl o food was a bit salty, but I loved the mix of black lentils, Brown rice, sweet potato, and greens toured with a couple pieces of fried plantain. Unfortunately it was a bit too salty.
I'd rank this 3 stars if it were any more expensive, but for a $5 smoothie and $6 vegan bowl, the taste was better than expected.New Orleans is not the city where you expect high Quality vegan food, but this place exceeds expectations. The tofu flat flatbread is excellent, although the sauce in which the toppings are tossed is a bit bitter. I enjoy each "green" side salad they have ever made-especially the sautéed greens with snap peas and garlic. The veggieburger is decent, but their fries are hand cut and fried to perfection. 
Plenty of meat options that look good. Next visit: trying the buffalo tofu salad.We were *not ready* for how good the chow was at Sneaky Pickle - and we like to think we know our way around some hippie food! The smoked tempeh flatbread was awesome. The Bowl O' Food was full of yellow curry goodness. The greens with smoked pork were increds. Finally, The blueberry Italian ice w- bee pollen was totally bomb.One of my favorite restaurants in the entire city! These guys are located right around the corner from my work, and my visits there have become some of my favorite moments of the entire week! They have the most delicious and locally sourced vegetarian, vegan, and also meaty cuisine. Whether you're in the mood for a bowl of food (always rotating), a gnarly special dish, or my personal favorite, The Tempeh Reuben or Multigrain patty sandwich, you're definitely in a for a delicious treat at a fair price! The staff is friendly and there's always some good music playing in there. Do yourself a favor and don't pass this place up. They have great hours, so you have no excuses. Enjoy!Omg. This place is out of control. I came here a few months ago and had vegan mac and cheese. Had a day trip in the city and made the business lunch here. If you were driving and looking you would pass on the place 9 out of 10 times. DONT LET THE APPEARANCE STOP YOU. It's one of the best places for a plant based lifestyle to eat. This mac and cheese is simply the best. I would strongly recommend you to make plans to come in.Sneaky Pickle is so good! It is a very chill and laid back place with some nice vegan and vegetarian options in addition to meat options. The staff are nice and helpful and everything is pretty clean. I've tried the tempeh reuben sandwich and had a bowl of food (lentils, rice, mustard greens, eggplant, and other things I can't remember). Both of these were really tasty and filling although my all time favorite is the reuben sandwich. The iced coffee is bomb and it is nice they have the option of almond milk or half and half in it.
Parking is usually pretty easy to find on the street, they take credit cards, and have pretty ample seating inside. Check it out!I got bowl of the day (curry, lentil, rice, radish, carrots, cream and dried cranberry s) is AMAZING but The Multigrain patty is to die for. We were not disappointed.absolutely love the macc & cheese, the bowl of food was awesome, love the version of beans & rice. cute decor too.For those of you who are meat eaters (like me), this is one of those "can't believe it's vegan" places. Great food, cozy/comfortable atmosphere, and sizable portions.
I got the "bowl of food" with no add ons (they had options of adding meat, egg, etc). The bowl was a combination of rice and chickpeas seasoned with coconut curry and cilantro. It reminded me of something my mom used to make when I was a kid, but waaaay better (sorry mom). It really felt like a home cooked meal. LOVED this dish.
In addition, I tried the macaroni and cheese. It was made with an eggplant base, and was difficult to tell that it was vegan at all. 
Finally, the ice cream sandwich. We all agreed that this was outrageously good--the cookie was a toasted chewy chocolate, with rich coconut ice cream. Coming back again next week!Good pick for both omnivores and vegans! Came here to enjoy their vegan selections and jazzy playlist. 
We shared:
The pickle plate: good but the beets were cut a bit too thick to enjoy
Tofu breakfast flatbread: this was really delicious!
Vegan Mac and cheese: one of the better vegan Mac and cheeses I've tried, very generous portions
Charred cabbage and tahini: wanted to try this because I love cabbage. Tasty and simple dish, the tahini sauce was very distinct
Overall I enjoyed eating here. Their menu items are quite unique!This restaurant is great!!! Everything we ordered tasted amazing. The pickle plate was very cool also, with homemade pickled almonds, mango , radish.  Nice portion sizes. Would recommend to everyone!As a dairy-free carnivore, this place is heaven. The other day, I had their shrimp pasta and oh my god it was creamy, rich, and delicious. I can't remember the last time I was able to eat a "cream" based pasta. Today I got the vegan tomato soup and it didn't disappoint. Delightfully spicy! I come in a lot for their cold brew. Would def recommend.Went there two nights on my vacation. The buffalo salad was so good, the Mac and cheese is a must and the Reuben was pretty good. They usually have a few specials.I was pretty excited when my friend Froggy Dan suggested this spot for lunch - it came up in a search and looked interesting.  first - this has to be one of the cleanest little lunch spots I've ever visited!  It's very tidy and bright and well decorated - very homey.  My friend and I enjoyed our sandwiches so much - and fries were excellent.Since my first visit a few months ago, I've eaten at Sneaky Pickle a few times a week. The ever-changing specials menu keeps things fresh, and the prices are unbeatable. The wait time varies greatly depending on the crowd, but the staff are hella chill and always willing to go out of their way to make your experience positive. Go on a nice day to enjoy a leisurely meal on the patio. Hands down best vegetarian/vegan options in the city, and you can't go wrong with the "bowl of food!"This chef has got it going on!!!!  The food is outstanding!!! A vegans dream come true!!!  This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.  This chef has the ability to marry spices with food like I've never seen before.Come here often either with my dad or friends and it's the same every time. The vegan Mac & cheese is my go to with a nice glass of Merlot. Also, for my past visit my dad's food took longer than expected and the cashier/server was sure to give my dad another ginger beer and even me another glass of wine on the house. A1 customer service right there!I am not a veteran of New Orleans cuisine, but I got a strong recommendation for Sneaky Pickle.  I had the Tempeh Reuben and collard greens.  Both were excellent, with the greens being slightly more yummy.  I struggled a little with the lighting, so if you like dark and intimate this place is for you.  The stand out feature is likely the staff, who were super friendly.Awesome vegetarian / vegan food at incredible prices. All the flatbreads I've tried are fantastic, with great hummus and beets and goodness. The peanut butter chocolate chip gluten free cookies are also worth capping every meal with.Delicious, affordable, healthy comfort food! Sneaky Pickle continues to impress me with its food. I'm a big fan of the tempeh reuben, but their flat breads and specials are usually excellent as well. Plus they have great prices, friendly staff, and an awesome sign.This is my favorite place in New Orleans for many, many reasons which I'll attempt to list below in no order.  I probably eat here 3 or 4 times a week.  Part of me wants to keep this place a secret for myself but the rest of me wants to tell the world about the joys of Sneaky Pickle.
Let's talk about the quality of the food.  Are you into eating healthy but delicious, flavorful food?  Are you into supporting local farmers and fishermen?  Ben (the owner) buys as much of his food locally as possible...and regularly!  Other restaurants claim to buy their food locally but Ben actually does and everything is so fresh!  The menu changes constantly due to what is available.  For the quality of the food you're getting compared to other places in the neighborhood, this place cannot be beat.  I had a perfectly cooked whole flounder tonight for $10 not to mention the sides it came with.  Where else can you get that?
BYOB.  How many places can you bring your own alcohol to?  I don't know of any offhand in the neighborhood or city.  Why?  Because once a restaurant gets its liquor license it gouges you to death on drinks and doubles its profits.  Feeling fancy?  Bring a bottle of nice wine and hide out at one of the tables off to the side for a romantic evening with your boo thang.  Feeling cheap?  Bring a tallboy and buy a bowl of food.
Are you vegan or vegetarian?  If you're not, the restaurant ALWAYS has at least one or two FRESH meat dishes and they are always delicious.  If you are vegan or vegetarian, this is one of your only options in the neighborhood and the city and it's definitely the most delicious AND affordable.
Ben!  How many restaurants do you know of where the owner is there pretty much every day cooking non-stop and when he does get a break, he comes out of the kitchen and asks you how your food is and maybe just how your day is going?  Could you possibly get anymore personal?  He's such a nice person and truly cares about every aspect of your experience at his restaurant.
The atmosphere.  Some people don't like it and that's OKAY.  I'm sure there is at least one Chili's within a 10 mile radius playing your favorite U2 song RIGHT NOW!  Don't miss it bro!!  Okay, back to the review.  The atmosphere is the epitome of quaint.  Custom made tables by Dan who also works there, tons of cool books that people just drop off, local artwork, unique decorations...  You might hear some old hardcore or post-punk, maybe some cool foreign bongo music or somethin', like, idk man but it's cool.  It feels like home!  Not some stuffy corporate monster playing the 80's and 90's top 100.
Cleanliness.  I have always found the place to be more than adequately clean and seriously question some people's claims of it being grimey or whatever and I'm a clean freak!  I think this is more connected to people who are expecting to walk into a touristy atmosphere with a blonde hostess showing you to your seat.  Sweet baby jesus forbid they are forced to sit a table over from an artist with a hole in one of the knees of his jeans.  It is just as clean as any other comparable establishment in the neighborhood and it's pretty much guaranteed to be cleaner than every local spot in the French Quarter.
Staff.  Everyone is sooo friendly!  Anyone who has had a problem with a staff member was very likely the rude one in the situation but you can probably gather that from the type of review they left anyway.  The only time service might be slow is when they get slammed and are trying to run an entire restaurant with 2 or 3 people.  Real food takes real time.  Learn patience you must, my young Padawan.
Overall, while this place may not be for everyone, I think the overwhelming majority of people who patronize this fine establishment will find it quite favorable and I wholeheartedly recommend it.  
*  *  *  *  *  !!!Best. Mac and Cheese. Of my life. 
Period.
Conscious food + superior taste. I am sold. Just trust me and get their Mac and Cheese tonight. ASAP. So good. Do it!The food is guaranteed fresh everyday. the seasonal salads and the sandwiches are so savory with just the right amount of spice. even though it is a vegetarian restaurant, there is always something for meat lovers. the wine selection is always top quality and everything they get is local (except duck). the cookies are beyond amazing and you would never guess that they were vegan. I've come here twice in the past week already and I've spent less than 30 dollars. it's so good for being so cheap. 100% recommend!I really wanted to like this place more.  I love having another vegan/vegetarian food option in my neighborhood, but I think I will stick to ordering items to-go.  I had the patty melt which was pretty good, but the bread to patty ratio needs work.  I will be ordering from here again. There was a dog in the restaurant, not sure what his job was.Food was spectacular! Delicious and flavorful without being heavy. Great little gem, with tons of vegetarian options. Not crowded at all, and its pretty cheap. I loved the mac and cheese!Color me impressed! The sneaky pickle is a wonderful addition to New Orleans.
The menu is huge AND diverse. They are vegan/veg friendly but also have a few meat offerings that rotate daily. I ordered a flatbread with egg and it was so delightful. Full of flavor, light, but also satisfying! 
I also love the prices - healthy, fun, great portion sizes and affordable!! Definitely worth checking this fabulous little gem out.Maybe the most reasonably priced food in the area! Great healthy food options, fresh ingredients, and nice staff. Always enjoy my mealAs a non vegan, I have to say I'm a fan of this place. It's always good to get out and try new healthy options, and I wasn't disappointed with my meal.
Good little beer selection, colas, coffee, tea. I wish I remembered the name of the cake thing I had, because it was sweet and interesting, in a good way.
Friendly chatty staff who are happy to tell you about the meals and drinks. Go here, trust me.Definitely worth going! Best vegan option in New Orleans and most inventive. That hot sauce is the bomb though. Put it on everything.Had the most amazing lunch yesterday with one vegan and one meat eating friend (I'm borderline vegan). Had the grain burger and fries (vegan) while the meat eater had a lamb dish that he raced about. This was my third time to this wonderful little food heaven and if I lived closer, it'd be dangerous as I'd be spending too much $ dining out. But I'd likely be rationalizing that as its so inexpensive for the quality and amount of fare they serve up. Great folk working there, as well. So worth the trip as the food is so delicious-fresh and a feast for your eyes and tastebuds. 10 stars if I could. Oh, and the sweet potato stuffed pancake for dessert was killer (yummy maple syrup on top)just yummyI went there with a friend and we got the Reuben sandwich, hummus and plantain chips, sweet potato tater tots, and the melt sandwich. 
The sandwiches were weird and way too "healthy" tasting. I didn't try the hummus, but the plantain chips were way too salty, and the tater tots, while good, were not tater tots at all. They were mashed sweet potatoes formed into balls with a crispy outside. They were unusual, however I liked them. 
This place is incredibly cute, and the server was super nice and great, however I won't be going back. 
I'm giving this place 2 stars because they have vegan food and because my friend enjoyed the Reuben, which she has gone back for.The Mrs. is vegan, the Mr. is not. Which is why this place is awesome. Their approach to veg cuisine is novel and very well executed, and there is always one item available for the carnivore that will surprise you. I had a pork belly flatbread sandwich that was as good as anything at Butcher. Great service and atmosphere as well.Food was quite good, however the wait time was rediculous. Over an hour for those tasty fried pumpkin puff things and another year for a couple fishy tacos that were advertised as lamb neck flat bread. I suppose during the food prep a proactive chef made the ethical choice for us and spared the lamb slaughter and went fishing. Total wait time was over 90 minutes for one app and two small single item entrres. Im willing to bet my digestive track can process and reissue the meal as plant fertilizer quicker than their day crew could serve any of today's guests.So nice, to the food and service. The cashier remembered my name despite the huge amount of people there. I got sweet potatoes pancakes. I'm a picky eater with the appetite of a toddler, and these were amazing. They were huge and only $4. I also had kale and green beans. I don't know what the cook does, but they were the best green beans I've ever had.MY FAVORITE VEGETARIAN SPOT IN THE CITY. I even took meat-eaters there to try some vegan stuff and they all loved it! I love the homey vibe of the place. The food is also fresh and the menu is constantly changing, which is always a good sign. This is the perfect low-key, local, fresh, vegan spot for any veggie lovers. The food is delicious with a ton of cool, different options!I love the name! I took my husband here and it was AMAZING. We are both vegan. We both got the Rueben and a cookie for lunch. We were on vacation and couldn't resist. Sooooo good.Day 3 of 21 day vegan challenge. Withdrawals and cravings are real! Found this place on yelp and had to try it. I had the Tempeh Rueben and Vegan Mac n Cheese. Both items were packed with flavor. Very good substitutes for anyone wanting to try vegan options.Top quality vegan cuisine - daily specials that always impress! I love popping into this casual spot for a tasty, healthy lunch. It's a teenie little place, so keep an eye out. It's worth the trek out of the quarter for you tourists, that's for sure.My first meal in New Orleans was at the Sneaky Pickle. I wasn't quite sure what to order, so I ordered the sushi bowl. After one bite, I knew that I had to come back. As a restaurant that has vegan offerings, the Sneaky Pickle has a real personable vibe where you're surrounded by people who care about good, healthy food. They offer kombucha, ginger beer and also have a selection of beers. Definitely going back before I leave New Orleans. You HAVE to eat here. Don't walk. Run!