If you plan on going here to see live music - you should be warned now (since it doenst tell you this information on the website) call ahead to get a table/ spot for the live music!! We thought we would head over to Frenchmen Street a decent trek from our hotel and the French Quarter to check out live music. We thought we could just hop around and check out a few places and Snug Harbor was on the list. They said it was sold out already. We didn't even know it could get sold out or that there was tickets ahead of time. The website doesnt say this. So we were bummed about it but found ourselves down the street at other places that didn't make it so exclusive to see live music.Went to the club this evening and saw Ellis Marsalis.   Waitress was awesome.  Club was cool.  Show was lacking.   Ellis had a sax player filling in and the show seemed more about the sax player than Ellis.  We definitely didn't spend $80 for 2 to get in plus cab fairs and alcohol costs to watch the sax player show off.   Don't get us wrong, although a bit rambling, the sax player was very good but we were going to hear Ellis.    We both felt  kind of let down and ripped off.The only thing that really knocked my socks off was the gumbo. Everything else was pretty meh.Ogni sera uno show diverso.
Quello a cui abbiamo assistito noi è stato eccezionale, divertente e coinvolgente. Siamo venuti dopo aver cenato altrove, pagando un ticket di 25$. 
Lo show è iniziato alle 22.30 ed è durato un'oretta e mezza. Una quindicina di artisti si sono sbizzarriti sul paco interagendo tra loro e coinvolgendo il pubblico. Era come essere sul palco. 
Bellissima esperienza, bravissimi gli artisti!!!We did not eat but had drinks in the music room on a Friday night to hear Ellis Marsaillas. Amazing music and worth the $40 cover. My only complaint was we arrived 45 minutes before the show and had to sit in the balcony where there are many restricted views and chairs very close together. Hard to get comfortable.  Next time I would be there when the door opens to get a seat on the floor.Upper-scale Jazz venue.  I've never eaten here, but i've seen some great talent.  Mostly lounge and modern Jazz.Walked in and enjoyed the music.  NeAt are away from Bourbon Street with different architect from the French Quarter.  Cross Esplanade Street and enter a different world.Nice, tight place top see some great music.  We saw Jason Marsalis and his quartet.  
Be sure to get there early (+15 minutes) to be in line for best seats.Left the place VERY disappointed!started off with some fried mushrooms,pretty big portion which was left on the plate.Batter...too much heavy batter and too much oil.
Gumbo soup was ok,nothing special.
For the entree we decided to split blackened fish with rice(the side of rice was recommended by our waitress) rice was blend and very dry,was left intact on the plate as well. Fish was suppose to be blackened but it arrived soaked in oil!!!soaked in oil!!!!!!
We did not finish any of the food we ordered.And the place is pretty pricy.
Don't waste your time coming to Snug Harbor,NOLA has so many amazing places that are worth your time,money and taste buds!Just had a delicious burger with fully loaded baked potato some nice wine and a perfect audio back drop served by some funny engaging and delightful staff. Thanks Thalita, Janine, and Colleen especially for finding me the only bottle of Crystal hot sauce in a Tabasco world.the jazz club part is great.  it's a really intimate, cozy space.  i saw charmaine neville here a few years ago and it was fantastic.  i'd say that the food in the adjoining restaurant is pretty unremarkable though.  i mean, there are so many great places to eat in new orleans.We come to Snug Harbor for the jazz. But this trip we tried the food. Best BBQ shrimp we've had so far. And their rib eye steak was the tastiest we've had on the trip. tonight we just wanted snacks at the bar. So ordered a shrimp remoulade. Arrived quickly and the remoulade sauce was home made and delicious. Served with French bread and lots of butter. The kitchen has their act together. So come early for the food and stay for the music!!I come here fairly often for the music. The food is worth a try though! I am fairly narrow minded later in the evening so I always get a burger. Always good. The staff is always on point. Never had a problem with my orders. Great bands are generally playing which makes a perfect situation even better. Give snug a shot.I was born and raised in New Orleans but in the 32 years I lived there I had never really spent much time in the Marigny neighborhood. I had only ever had take out from Snug Harbor. Well now that I'm a tourist in my city when I come home, I've had the opportunity to experience the authenticity of the many neighborhoods. 
Visiting the restaurant was a great experience. The food was really good and cooked to our specific requests. We all ordered hamburgers. The drinks ware really good as well, blended to perfection. Our waitress (I forgot her name ) was so attentive and remembered all of the things we asked for. 
I will definitely be back to ear in the restaurant and not get take out.Nice cozy dive-y (in the good way) kind of bar. There's a cover charge to go see music upstairs, but if you're cheap and don't want to pay the cover charge (like we were) you can hear the music coming down and see the band on the video monitor! 
Weeknights seem too crowded, but Sun-Wed are just perfect!Great place. enjoyed the food and ambiance. Music playing whike we had drinks and ate. Awesome place. Would be great if they had mote choices on menu thoI like to start off with the positive: Jared the bus boy was very kind and attentive. There was a big slab of butter on the baked potatoes. 
That's where it ends. 
From the get go, the hostess was rude and curt, the waitress was incredibly inattentive, the food was wildly overpriced for the quality (and I say this coming from Over-priced NYC) and my $23 piece of fish was cold and blandly seasoned. The vinegarette saturated my salad and burned like acid. After it all the waitress assumed we didn't want change when we paid. 
#beyonddisappointedThe jazz is good, Definitely worth while. Don't bother ordering anything more than a drink though.  We saw a roach and a mouse in the course of eating dinner there--it is in the French Quarter in NOLA where pests are everywhere, but pretty unsettling while eating a meal.  Disgusting, actually.Whenever I get a chance to go home, I make sure to hit up Snug Harbor.  Some of the best burgers, steaks, and fried seafood in New Orleans.  Great food with live Jazz in the background.  Love this Place and top it off with a Monsoon.Came here for some great Jazz from the Master Ellis Marsalis and he did not disappoint. I did not come here for political commentary but was forced to listen to a misguided MC who should remember we come and pay good money for the music not your petty political perspective.BBQ shrimp were fabulous! So full of flavor and cooked to perfection. I had a baked potato as my side and it complemented perfectly. Great place to grab a bite before enjoying a show!I've heard all the hype about this place and finally came while I was here visiting. My boyfriend and I came on a Saturday night, 7:30 pm, right before the jazz band started. Our wairess, Tiffany, was great. I was torn between the shrimp and filet mignon. She helped and made suggestions. I got the steak medium rare and asparagus.... amazing! I highly recommend both. Afterwards, coffee and pecan pie. So good. The place is a little pricey.... but you pay for what you get.This place is def lacking in southern charm...
I decided within the first 10 min this place was not getting a good review after the terrible customer service I witnessed.
First, we were there at opening.  The hostess, who was just wretched, unlocked the door, clearly saw a couple groups waiting then proceeded to drop the door in our face.  No hello, no welcome...literally a door in my face. When we did walk in, again not a smile...not a welcome. We were the first customers of the day and this girl was already a raging bitch.  My family and I are all past servers...we know how to treat guest service providers. This girl was just not having it.  We ended up seated right near her (where is was freezing right by the window) and listened to her pathetic, pity party all night.  I have never heard someone be so rude to or annoyed by so many sweet families. It felt so out of place after all the great service we had around town.
The server was lacking in personality...and just seemed a bit odd.  IDK, just again not impressed.  She didn't help or hurt or situation.
The food was not good enough to make up for the terrible hostess.  Also know that the music doesn't start till after 8. Ug, such bad luck.  Worst service we had our whole trip.We went for dinner and not the Jazz because the music required a $25 admission fee. We aren't Jazz experts and there was plenty of great entertainment for free on Frenchmen Street. The food was not very good. My bar-b-que shrimp was too greasy. That's a shame because the shrimp were big, fresh and firm. But the greasiness of the sauce overpowered the shrimp. The drinks were very strong and reasonably priced.Snug Harbor was recommended as a fanstastic spot for music, but when my fella and I wound up out front with our stomachs growling around dinner time we decided to trust the Yelp reviews and head inside early.  SO glad that we did, as it was probably the best dining experience of our trip.  The atmosphere is wonderfully cozy...it feels like NOLA without being touristy or pretentious.  We ordered the fried oyster sandwich with a loaded baked potato and the Fish Marigny with sauteed vegetables.  Both were phenomenal, especially my fish.  Perfectly cooked to be golden and crispy on the outside and soft and flaky inside, with the tastiest creamy creole sauce on top and plenty of shrimp to boot.  The sandwich was far to big to really be called a sandwich, and the loaded baked potato was pretty much the best I've ever seen.  They had me at sauteed mushrooms.  We will definitely be back.Place was a little small but the food, service and atmosphere was a perfect way to end our stay in New Orleans. Our server was very helpful with the menu and the food was wonderful. Our Segway tour guide recommended the place and glad we stopped by.Summary:
They're known for their burgers and they do not disappoint! Can also hear the live music coming from the other room (which you need to pay a cover to get into)
Details:
Wanted to enjoy Frenchman St and get away from Bourbon St so my girlfriend and I stopped here. The menu is a bit limited, but I think that's a good thing. They don't have all your standard NOLA fare if that's what you're looking for. 
I got the shrimp burger and my gf got the sirloin burger.
I don't see how it would've been possible to actually eat the shrimp burger as a burger, but the shrimps were absolutely delicious. The sirloin was cooked well for a medium well. Also. instead of fries they give you a baked potato. If you get butter, make sure you mix it well or your first bite will be a big wad of butterThis place was awesome! The shrimp platter was amazing, and also the gumbo, ppl are underestimating this place.Food was okay the steak burger were a little bland and the patty needed some salt. We also had fried calamari which were chewy and under seasoned. The drinks were overpriced too. I'm a local and it's my first time going to this place and I probably won't be back but we still had a good time with my hubby and my parents in law.We went to see Ellis and Jason Marsalis, and the basist whose name I fear escapes me and we treated to a guest set by the full band off of Marsalis' most recent album. It was rad, the cocktail waitress was top notch and we had an awesome time. What other jazz club gets you this close to such influential jazz musicians?We were looking for a lower-key spot in the Frenchman district and we stopped in here for a glass of wine. It was not too crowded, we were able to get a seat at the bar with no problem at all. The bar staff was prompt and helpful.
There was a jazz band playing upstairs, they had it on the TV and speakers in the bar, but quiet enough to also have conversation. The jazz was pretty good, the scene was paced just right and I would go back there again.We ordered fried fish sandwiches, loaded baked potatoes, broiled shrimp.  The French bread was fresh.  I would have given this place another star but they ran out of gumbo and the show was sold out.  I would recommend coming earlier to get the gumbo.I have seen some very talented artists perform and heard some beautiful music in this place.  
Good ambiance, good sound, good times.This is one of my favorite places in NOLA. The fish marigny is what I always get. It's breaded fish topped with small shrimp and the most delicious sauce. The cajun shrimp are also great. The menu is plentiful enough for everyone to be able to find something suited to their tastes and/or dietary restrictions. I've been here for business meetings, as part of a large group, and on a date. I've never yet been disappointed. And when you dine in the restaurant, you can hear the jazz from upstairs. It's a great vibe and ambiance. For the last decade, this has been my go-to NOLA spot and it's always fun and tasty.This place is simply awesome. The wooden hall is so classic and the live music was so right for me. There's a cover fee for the live music but then you can hear it when sitting in the dining area too. We got bread pudding for dessert after having dined elsewhere and we had a taste of the local amber, both of which taste smooth. My friend's steak burger looks so good I wouldn't mind check on it if I ever get a chance again. :)I would recommend eating here for anyone interested in seeing a show at this venue later in the night (which I HIGHLY recommend).  I had the fried chicken and it was above average.  The food isn't anything that unique or special but this place does the job if you want to spend your nigh ton frenchmen st.We didn't have dinner so I can't speak for the food but everyone says it's great. The best part was an intimate set with Stanton Moore. Doesn't get any cooler!We went to Snug Harbor our first night in town at the recommendation of our bed and breakfast owner who highly recommended we check them out if we liked some great tunes to welcome us to New Orleans.  I am so glad that Joe recommended this place as we just had a great time here and it was a wonderful way to start our vacation off on the right foot.  Yes it did cost us $30 and yes we did have to call ahead of time to ensure we got a seat but it was well worth the effort.  
We saw a great jazz horn player and his band that night called Christian Jazz.  I believe the price to see Christian was $5 more as he is somewhat of a local celebrity from what I heard but trust me, he is well worth the extra money, this guy has talent that is extraordinary and he is backed by really talented musicians.  He also has a wonderful wife (fiance?) that can sing like a songbird...she was nice enough to take the stage and grace us with some of her talent near the end and I really enjoyed it.  
The bar downstairs is somewhat crowded but it's really nice looking, really dark and nice and cool..  The bathrooms were small but pretty clean and the people who took our drink orders and got us ready for the show were so super nice and answered all of my dumb tourist like questions.  I only had one drink at the bar (was getting sort of tired of the sugary New Orleans drinks but did have one called the Monsoon, which was basically a Hurricane but Snug Harbor style...  The drink was good, not as sugary as some of the other places, the correct amount of alcohol and overall very tasty.  I'd def. order it again.
After waiting for a spell we went upstairs and got our seat near the stage off to the left.  Photography is allowed before and after the event but I don't think it is allowed during the actual concert, but trust me you will be so into the music you won't even think about it anyways.  Christian came out, introduced the band and then immediately started playing.  The surround sound system they have is phenomenal, it's very very good and there is no reverb or issues with spatial issues if you're an audiophile.  It's quite loud at first, hearing the horns and all, but your ears adjust.
In the second half of the program Christian told us some amusing stories and showed just how charismatic and great of a storyteller he is.  He did tell us one story near the end of the show which was a bit disturbing about the New Orleans police (related to racism) and used it to open a song which he wrote about the story which was a great song..sad to hear his tale and I hope that it doesn't happen to him again. 
At the start of the show it was quite slow to get our drinks, so I can see where people criticize them on that aspect....so I'd recommend if you want to drink and enjoy yourself (ie get buzzed) that at the start of the show to order double drinks and/or get some shots...but once the show got going and our initial drink orders came (after about a 25 minute wait) the waitresses were on top of everything and came and checked our drinks or brought more drinks about once every 10 minutes.
On a note related to the heat, the actual concert area on the second floor is nice and cool, I was able to cool down in about 20 minutes and quit sweating.  It's cooler up there than on the main, bar room.  Also, Snug Harbor is a bit of a ways from Bourbon Street.  We walked but in hindsight I'd take a cab or a bike ride if I were you.  You do go through some dark streets and at times I felt a bit uncomfortable with walking there.  
If you're in New Orleans and you want to hear some great jazz then you really have to go to the Snug Harbor.  Sure there are places you can go for cheaper but you get what you pay for.  Snug Harbor is the best and my only regret is I cannot rate it higher than 5 stars.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!I have to say, I was so shocked this place had so many positive reviews.  Perhaps they are based on the music there, but unfortunately there was no band there when we went.  It was not very busy, so we were quite confused why it took our waitress at least 20 minutes to show up at our table (even after alerting the hostess no one had come to our table yet).  Our waitress (I wish I knew her name!) was so unfriendly, did not even apologize for our wait, seemed distracted, not helpful, like we were an inconvenience.  And this was our first meal in New Orleans, so all we wanted was some tasty food and maybe some pleasant, timely service.  Sadly, we were denied. Shrimp remoulade appetizer was unimpressive and pretty bland. Just steamed shrimp and very mayonnaise-y remoulade.  The fried calamari tasted off, like either old or bad, I'm not sure.  And it was SO breaded and over-fried, it just tasted awful. We actually sent it back.  And our waitress didn't even seem to care that we were dissatisfied.  Really terrible customer service.  Save your money and go somewhere else.This is our 5th night in New Orleans and this was the best meal we had so far.  We got a bottle of Chateau de Montfort Vouvray, the blackened salmon fried chicken and bread pudding.  It was all wonderful.  Also tried the Gumbo and wasn't super stoked on it but it wasn't bad.Came here for dinner because the guy in the tourist information store front recommended it.  It was just alright at best.  Food wasn't anything special, it was average. Service though was excellent. We were there early so there was no live music at that time.I came here for dinner.
I started off with the gumbo. It wasn't anything special. The shrimp on it were tiny so I didn't like that. It was also a little bland. I would add some hot sauce to it. 
 I ordered the cheddar burger with a baked potato with all the fixings. Definitely one of the better burgers I have had in the city but I wouldn't put it up there with Port of Call or Yo Mammas. My meal was definitely filling so kudos for that. However my cousin and his wife ordered fish plates and the portions seemed small for what you were paying for so I would probably just stick with the sandwiches. I'm a more bang for your buck type of person.
For dessert we had greasing pudding which was delicious. I definitely recommend it. 
Our server was very sweet and personable. I would love to go back to catch a show.I performed with the band here at Snug from Houston, Texas. We were treating good. I love everything about this place. The coziness of the place is my kind of place, not too big and not too small. The food was on point and the service was on point. 
My homie Stephen Richard and his band performed here on a Sunday night. If you're a jazz musician this is the play to play at. They're hitting on all cylinders here. The take care of you. 
Like Arnold says. "I'll be back".I ate here last night solely off of the rave reviews people on yelp were giving by was very disappointed. First off, there was a 45 minute long wait...that's understandable for a place like this. Second, was very unfriendly for some reason. The server we got trash talked us for some reason and he made us feel very unwelcome. Not only that but after we got sat down, it took almost 10 minutes to even check in with us for our drink order. Then it took another 10 minutes just to get those drinks. As we proceeded to order my wife got the salmon dish and I got the BBQ shrimp dish. Needless to say, we were both excited to try these dishes in a place like New Orleans. My wife's salmon was great and baked notator was very tasty. Mine however, came out wrong. I was brought out the fried shrimp dish which is not at all what I was wanting. I'm not really a big fab of fried shrimp so I waited another 5-10 minutes for our waiter to come back and see us so I could tell him. After letting him know he actually accused me of ordering the wrong thing and we bickered about it for a few before he gave in and said "Damn, ok well let me get you some BBQ shrimp. It won't take long" so I ate my baked potato while my wife ate her food and waited for my correct dish. When it finally came out close to 10 minutes later it was not at all what I expected. The shrimp were still in the shells which was advertised in the menu but they were extremely rubbery. Like, overbooked rubbery. Gross. Food and drinks were not comped. No apologies given. Will not return and do not recommend!Recently went to this jazz club and found it very comfortable with excellent acoustics. Decent drinks. Outstanding venue. Will return next visit to NOLA.Snug Harbor was very highly recommended to me by a Nola native. My friends and I were visiting from California and wanted some good ol comfort food, music, and atmosphere. Little did we know we needed to specify that the wait staff be more than average.  This review would've been 4 stars had it not been for the service.  It was not just bad -- it was horrendous.  The waiter told us 'no' to perfectly reasonable requests multiple times with absolutely no effort on his part to please the patrons. It was as if he wanted to be anywhere else but serving us food (and getting a tip!). It was a shame because I frequent New Orleans and won't return here. Any restaurant that keeps such staff around isn't taking their place in the Nola food circuit seriously.  What a shame.Ate here while visiting New Orleans. Great service and great food at decent prices for the area. I had the fried shrimp platter, a cup of gumbo, and a house salad. Very fresh and tasty. Would definitely recommend. 
Gumbo was some of the best I've had!Firstly, the food. Oh my god. Our first time in NOLA and we were treated to some amazing southern style food. An amazing fried chicken "sandwich" which is served with a baked potato (which was delicious and enough all on its own) all for $13... 
Secondly, the great waiter. Jeff looked after us superbly. We were never left wanting anything. The drinks were never empty and he queries about our progress on a number of occasions (but never in an annoying way).
Being from Australia we really had no idea what to expect, but super happy with our accidental find on our first night here.
The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is the lack of ambience in the dining area, and the dismissive attitude of the maître de.Not good for vegetarians or salad eaters. Good burgers, overpriced seafood. Slow to seat, but good service had a nice waiter!We went on a Monday night to hear Charlamaine Neville and it was fabulous.  the jazz show is at 8pm and 10pm and is a smaller venue in the back of the restaurant behind the bar.  the stage is raised and seats maybe 40 (maybe more) but that was one of the attractions....more intimate.  She rocked!  Got the audience involved and I was sorry we had not eaten there....people next to us said it was really good.small cocroach in my table, the bar side is full of dust...food tasted like cook from frozen stuff you get at the supermarket, a no for me...i love this place!  where else would a marsalis just "pop in" to perform along side his dad?!
i love that there are mirrors that let you see the stage even from the very back of the mezzanine.  i'd definitely recommend getting reservations if you're planning to see a show on the weekend, especially if it's a very renown performer.  there are moments of cheese (neon Snug Harbor sign  as background to the stage), but even those are endearing.  
mind you, i've never been to the restaurant, i'm only there for the jazz.  i'm sure there are plenty of places in nola that are wonderful for food.  combine with that the wonderful jazz here and you'll have an unforgettable evening!Was ok the food was reasonable
the show was ok but not quite what I expected
the wait staff and other people there made the nightNIce sophisticated place with a beautiful stage. Me and my mom saw the performance from upstares terrace, and I was able to be exactly above the piano player.
More of a social upscale place here than a night club. Sit and enojoy your cocktail and listen to the greatest music America ever made.
You feel the history and culture in the whole city. I wish LA was more like this city... not the bad government and the education part though.
Mos def worth a trip.My parents have been a few times and loved it.  It's more of a ticket place and can sell out so getting them in advance isn't a bad idea.  
It's a warm and cozy spot where you can get a table and listen to some great music.  There is a cool upstairs area with a great view of the band and crowd.  Not my favorite Frenchman joint, but definitely a great music venue.  
Favorites are: MusicI was told that Snug Harbor has the same burgers as Port O Call. I can't attest to that because I've never had the patience to wait to eat at POC. I went with some co-workers to Snug Harbor mostly for the burger, then for the bar, then for the music. I have to say, this is probably one of my least favorite places on Frenchmen. First, the burger, it was a solid burger but it was like eating a mass of ground beef. This is not unusual when eating a hamburger of course, but this burger had little to no flavor. It wasn't particularly juicy or tasty, just OK really. The loaded baked potato was good but nothing I couldn't do at home. Our server was far from the greatest and I ended fetching most of my table's drinks from the bar myself. The bar is in a separate and oddly dark area. I could see and hear the band warming up in the next room and it looked like a good space for music. I enjoyed the jazz at Snug, and would go back to see another performer like Charmaine Neville or Deacon John, but I think I'll pay the cover and skip the food next time. 
Food:  3 stars
Music Venue:  4 starsFor our last day in New Orleans my husband and I decided to check out Frenchman Street. We were told that the music was great and it was a much different and better experience than Bourbon Street. Snug Harbor was recommended as a good restaurant on Frenchman Street so we decided to try it. Unfortunately, we were disappointed in the atmosphere and food. While the music we heard playing upstairs sounded great, we could not get tickets ($15 each) until the next show which was 10:00 p.m. and since it was only 8:00 p.m. we decided to pass. For the initial impression, the restaurant lacked character. It was very plain and cafeteria like. But we were seated right away and looking forward to enjoying a nice meal. Our waitress was friendly and got us our drinks. The drinks were good. I had a Captain Morgan and Coke and my husband had a Tanqueray gin and tonic. I wanted a burger and since we heard Snug Harbor was known for good burgers I ordered the cheddar burger. Since the baked potato it came with seemed too heavy, I ordered a salad instead with blue cheese dressing. About 5 minutes after we ordered, the waitress came by and said they ran out of blue cheese dressing. Well, I was disappointed (and surprised) but since I had watched a couple enjoying the gumbo, I told her I would get that instead. Then she said, "We ran out of gumbo too...I'm sorry." Uh...really? Wow...okay. Anyway, I decided to just get the baked potato and box it up. However, when I got my burger, it was a huge piece of meat but with no flavor to speak of and topped with shredded cheddar cheese. The bun was burned so bad it was black. So I ended up eating the potato instead of the cheeseburger. Unfortunately, that set our evening off to a negative start. We ended up calling it an early night. On the bright side, my husband had the fried chicken sandwich and loved it. We will probably never go back again...My wife and I chose this place because we had tickets for the late show at 10:00pm. We want a touch of New Orleans so we ordered the gumbo which sounded delicious. Well the server said that was the only thing he was out of tonight. My wife ordered the chicken sandwich and I ordered the cheddar burger.  Both orders came with baked potato on the side which came with butter. I ordered sour cream and my wife ordered cheese.  Burger was good but bland. My wife said chicken was good but nothing special. Wanted the steak but if burger was bland sure glad I didn't order $37 steak  Hope show makes up for meal. Probably would not come back for the foodVery small, cozy venue. You must get there early if you are attending a show if you want a seat with a view of stage. We got there 10 mins early for 10:00 showand had to sit upstairs and could not see the stage.saw Marsalis & The Uptown Jazz Orchestra and they were awesome! intimate place and awesome music.Worst service I ever had! Had to look for the waiter (Owen) for everything. 
I'll never go again.I've never had the food but as a music venue Snug Harbor is decent, just a bit more expensive and more formal than most New Orleans music venues.  Get there 30-45 minutes before your show because a line forms in the bar and whoever is in the front gets seated first - if you're one of the last 20 people you'll be stuck in the second row of tables in the balcony where you basically can't even see the stage.  On the main level the tables are tight for my taste but they only seat about 90 people here so at least you know you won't be standing elbow-to-elbow for hours like many of the clubs in town - and the crowd is focused on the music and talking is discouraged which is different than just about every other music club in town.  Overall though, Snug Harbor is bit too much like a New York jazz club for my taste since I would argue that most New Orleans music works better in a slightly less formal environment.
It's always worth a visit for performers like Allen Toussaint who rarely performs around town other than Snug Harbor.  And it's nice to have drink service at the table where you can get a refill once or twice during the shows that usually last around an hour and a half.  Snug Harbor definitely has good music but I usually prefer d.b.a., Chickie Wah Wah, Three Muses, and others for local ambience and a cheaper ticket/cover charge.  There's room for all though, and Snug Harbor seems to do a good business so I certainly expect them to be around for years to come.  If you prefer a more refined environment, guaranteed seating, and drink service then this is your place - the crowd tends to be older than most clubs in town and populated with a lot of out-of-towners but overall Snug Harbor generally compares favorably to direct competitors such as Palm Court and Little Gem which have food in a restaurant environment to go along with music.  The benefit of Palm Court and Little Gem is that you can eat while watching the music, as opposed to Snug Harbor where the restaurant and the music venue are separate so you may end up rushing through your meal to get in line for the show.
At any rate, Snug Harbor is a nice option on Frenchmen Street and certainly worth a visit on the right night.  Enjoy!Found this place at the end of Frenchmen Street. They offer live music at different times of the week. Service was good.  Although, the waitress could have been more attentive. The food was great and moderately price. I had these huge shrimps with a tomato based paste. The food was great. Worth the visit. There didn't seem like there were many restaurants on Frenchmen street. This place came in handy.We tried getting in during our first visit but the line was so long, it was impossible.  I did squeeze in to take a peek for future reference.  On our second visit, we were able to make it in.  Didn't have enough time to eat but early enough to grab any seat we wanted.  The waitress was very friendly and we were not pressured to get more than one drink.  I had the Abita seasonal and hubby had the Abita amber - both in bottles at $4.75 each.
Sasha Masakowski, jazz vocalist, was the act and she was pretty good.
We will definitely return.Great food and awesome jazz. Dinner was very tasty and Herlin Riley's quartet was fantastic. Thanks Matilda and Fiorenza for a great Father's DayWe got sucked in by the jazz and our grumbling stomachs. It was the worst move we made on our trip to NOLA.  Super average food for high prices so if you like that feeling of wasting your money and time, go here!* Also poor service (waitress messed up my girlfriend's order, she didn't notice we were both missing silverware, etc) and decor that makes you go zzzzzz..  
*This is strictly based on the restaurant and not the music venue.I didnt think you could have a bad culinary experience in new orleans... i was wrong :(. Bad service by a rude waitress ( Colleen D.) could have been overcompensated by good food however from multiple menu items being sold out ( gumbo, bread pudding to name a few) on a empty tuesday evening in low season of november, to the bland shrimp and fried oysters , this place is a skip. The only positive was the music, but the penny gauging menu ( $3 each soda refill,  1.50 extra for sour cream on your potato) and empty restaurant should have been a tip. Hope this helps someone have a better dining experience.Legendary!
We came here and heard some of the best Jazz  and had a unique perspective as well.   There are tables downstairs and their is a balcony above  so we seated ourselves above the performers.
We had  "Globe Theatre" like view of the whole stage.
We heard Bria Stromberg and other talented Jazz artists.this is a fancier port of call with a few extra menu items and live jazz music.  i went there with friends after the italian-american celebration in the quarter.  since every restaurant was packed and had lines out-the-door, we hopped into snug harbor and were quoted a wait time of 40 minutes.  well, 40 minutes turned into an hour and 20 minutes but at least they had a bar with libations to tide us over.  (though, no amount of liquor could wash away the idea of eating my own arm.  i wanted food.)  
everyone but me got burgers and potatoes.  i, the gluten-intolerant buzzkill, got the salmon with steamed veggies.  at 19.50 usd (without tax and tip), it was pricey for the quality and quantity of food.  but, whatever, i chose to eat like a queen.  
waitstaff was friendly and efficient.  bathrooms were remarkably clean.
unless you want to see the jazz performance, i'd skip this restaurant and go someplace cheaper.Awesome AWESOME music scene aside, I give 5 Stars here simply for their signature hurricanes called "The Monsoon." 
I'll admit that I'm no weather man. I don't know the difference between snow vs. sleet, rain vs. showers, or thunder vs. lightning. Heck all I know is that I don't have to deal with that crap in sunny Cali. But I do know this about hurricanes vs. monsoons...
MONSOONS ARE 32 LIQUID OUNCE TICKETS TO THE DRUNK TANK!! You bet your sweet ass these things put you down, better than anything that I've had on Bourbon St. 
Bottom line is: Go for the Monsoons, stay for the music, end up in a threesome - or more - later that night.Food's just ok. You can't listen to the music from the restaurant -- they're separate rooms.Top notch. The poster-child for the new, New Orleans Jazz venue.
Deeeelicious food, decently priced and decent mixology on the drinks.  I only recommend going to see a show if you're familiar with the artist.  It also helps to eat dinner during the first show to (hear) know what you're getting yourself into.I want to start this off by saying that I only came here to eat, I didn't listen to the live music...so if you are coming for the music, you may have an altogether different experience than I had.
On that note...we came to Snug Harbor on Monday night (1/10/11) to get a quick bite before going to listen to music along Frenchmen St. The show at Snug Harbor had a cover of $15, and there is so much awesome, free jazz along that street, we chose not to partake.
We entered, and the person who was supposed to greet us, didn't. I wandered inside and asked the guy at the bar if we could eat, he told us to ask the dude up front with the hat on, he told us that he would seat us. We went back up front. I had to ask him if he could seat us. He took us in the dining area. There was a large party and another couple near the cold window in the front of the dining area, the other half of the room was empty. Naturally he squeezed us in between both parties where we were literally rubbed by people getting up from their table. Eventually the big party left along with the other couple. That's when everyone else was seated on the opposite side of the room, away from the cold window, except us. I asked the waitress about the seating priorities, and she mumbled something and laughed incoherently. When we were done, I had to turn around to search for the waitress. A group of them were sitting in the back of the dining area at a table (the warm part of the room), and I had to wait patiently for her to notice me staring. She then got up and got my tab, not even asking if I wanted another beer or anything.
I know that I'm bitching, I don't like people that bitch and moan all of the time either, but shit...I was on vacay, and I wanted to have a nice night out. The wait staff obviously didn't want to be there.
I ordered the shrimp sandwich with a baked potato. It was decent. Not bad, but not worth the frustrating staff. This is based only on my personal experience on 1/10/11 at around 9:30pm at the small table by the window next to the pole. Too much good food (Prailine Connection) and too much good music (Spotted Cat and La Maison) nearby to have to go through that shit.This review is for the food only, which was really good.  I had the fried chicken with baked potato.  Hubby had the fish marigny.  Both dishes were very tasty.  Service was good.  No real complaints but not so totally blown away to give five stars.  We'd come back for some music.I will give this location 3 and 1/2 stars. We went to watch Jason Marsalis. The music was fantastic but the venue was freezing. The audience complained all night. The waitress brought my table a drink menu but never came back. I would have loved to have a nice drink during the show but that didn't happen. The great music saved this venue for me.One of my very favorite jazz places on Frenchman Street.  
Top bands and a nice venue to hang out.  The drinks are strong, too.
Check it out.  This is where the locals go!The jazz show was really good, priced at 25$. But the service is awful! The waitress was not nice at all, we ha to ask several times for glasses for our drinks and she was not responsive. 
The restaurant is overpriced and not so good.We started our night by taking in the show. Sat in the balcony and the view/sound was great, band was awesome. Had a couple of hurricanes and they definitely do them right. After the show we had dinner downstairs (no food is allowed in showroom) and it was absolutely delectable. Definitely hope to make it back here again during our stay!!What a fantastic time!  We came here on the recommendation of a local lady at the French Market.  We got tickets to see Charlene Neville perform and it was a really amazing experience.  She was beautiful and the band was ah-mazing.  As far as our service, it was attentive and more accommodating than I've ever experienced.  We were a group of 8 and she offered (we didn't even need to ask!) to split our check however many ways we needed after we had started one tab.  Toward the end of the show, she brought us a piece of paper and a pen and asked us to write down how she wanted us to divide up the bill!  This was so helpful and very greatly appreciated.  Frenchman is lucky to have such a wonderful jazz club and I would love to come back during future trips to the Big Easy!Great jazz, great food nice bar overall nice place to eat, drink and listen to music on Frenchman in NOLA. Great view on to Frenchman street. You can hear music inside and out. Not a bad value and service is good. Like in most places being nice always makes dinning experiences better!