I stumbled across this place early one morning after taking photos in the adjacent alley. Granted I was quite hungry after walking for a while, but the breakfast I had here was fantastic. I had the berry pancakes, which had blueberries cooked in and strawberry sauce on top. And the serving was huge. As hungry as I was I couldn't finish them. I'm going to upload a photo of them, but the cell phone camera doesn't entirely do them justice.Not sure what all the mediocre reviews are for must be all about timing. Went here for a vey late lunch/early dinner with a party of 7. They just finished cooking the craw fish which were great and we had several other items on the menu. The fried chicken sandwich was the best followed by the shrimp burger and jambalaya. Staff was super friendly and real fast. Only drawback was they add gratuity which I'm not a big fan of.Their biscuits are the size of your face. Definitely ask for honey butter.Good service at a little hole in the wall that they claim the locals love. Had the etoufee omelet and it was killer. Just right after a night of libations to start the day off. Served promptly and hot. Will be back to try another roundI really liked this place. It seemed like a great neighborhood cafe. I bet a lot of locals go here. 
I had the Shrimp burger and my wife had a bowl of gumbo that was as big as her head.
The shrimp burger had apple wood smoked bacon and a bag of gluten free chips. Never having had a shrimp burger before its hard for me to compare it to anything. The flavor was a lovely combination of bacon and shrimp. The best of both flavors mixing for a great lunch. It was huge and sort of drippy just like a good burger should be. I would most defiantly go here again.NO STARS. I have dined here about a 30 times prior to my trip on 3/10/14 to 3/15/14. What happened!! The service and food was complete trash. The worse part about it was, for the first time, I brought my Mom and sister in to
have a great breakfast. I cannot stress enough what a total disappointment it was especially since I talked it up so much. I was embarrassed, "thank you something else" : (. The food came out wrong and less than appetizing, there were staple items not available, cold toast, salty eggs, and I could go on.
So the reason Something Else staff used was the French Quarter Festival, I'm sorry but that's when you should shine! Make sure you are staffed and you have plenty of food, after all the Festival was no surprise. No room for excuses Something Else, you've lost many REGULAR customers, both locals and travelers not to mention any film crews that may be looking for a good place to eat.  Oh, btw, on day one we were unsatisfied BUT we did give them a second chance and went back day two. So this was NOT an anomaly 
, we gave them a fair chance.
Do yourself a favor and when you think of Something Else, go have something else. Sorry guys, you need to get you act together, there's too many places to eat in the Quarter.Went for breakfast Saturday. It is delish! If you love bacon, order the CHICKEN FRIED BACON !!We were staying around the corner at the W and decided to try this place for breakfast. Service was really friendly & attentive. The setting was charming. Good coffee. Yummy & spicy boudin ball. The biscuits are homemade, huge & freeform. I had mine with a side of homemade honey butter & hubby had his with a hand battered chicken finger & gravy. Cheese grits were delicious as well. Reasonable prices. Would def go back!The only thing going for this place is outside dining. I ordered the all American scrambled eggs bacon hash browns and paid the dollar extra for the biscuit.  Bacon was half uncooked,  hasbrowns were just diced potatoes and the biggest disappointment was the biscuit.  It was a half plate size of flavorless flour probably bisquik. I was there with 3 people and my order took an additional 5 minutes to cone out. Stay away from this place.We ended up at this cafe when being turned down from Green Goddess. Had a lovely make-your-own salad and munched on my date's delectable truffle fries.  I also had the shrimp gumbo- yum!
The staff are friendly and *will* call you baby.Had a very satisfying "surf and turf" po' boy with debris and shrimp. It was so tasty, I basically inhaled it. It was so huge, I didn't need to eat anything the rest of the day or night. The downside was that I felt so bloated, I couldn't bear to have coffee and beignets afterwards like we planned. Friendly staff. Decor and atmosphere was comfortably neither a pretentious tourist trap nor dirty dive-bar. Can't give it more than 3 stars, only because I only ate one thing here.I wish I could give this place zero stars. The food was bad (gross under cooked fries) and the service was even worse.  It took 40 minutes to get the food and it wasn't even busy.  And we had to get up to get our own napkins and utensils.  While we were there we saw at least 3 other tables get up and leave waiting for service.  I wish we had done so.Y'ALL GOT SOME PEOPLE OUT HERE!!!!!
I dont think i could have picked a better day to be there for lunch. It was sunny with a slight breeze and a temp of 73 so we decided to eat on the terrace. We go in and are greeted by a dishwasher that says "YALL GOT SOME PEOPLE OUT HERE". A lady comes out and says its open seating, just choose where you would like to sit. We then go to the terrace and realize, she probably doesnt know we are out here. I get up to let her now we are outside, and she says ok just grab 3 menus and I will be out there to take your drink orders. DO I WORK HERE? Why am I grabbing my own menus instead of you meeting me at the table with them? BUT I grabbed the menus and went back outside. 
She came to take the drink order, left, and when she came back, we were ready to order. She retrieves the menus and walks off. She begins YELLING OUR ORDER from outside into the bar. Before I even get a chance to look over my shoulder at her, she is taking a puff of a SHARED CIGARETTE with a coworker. I'M FLABBERGASTED. Almost 30 min later, we got our food. and I must say, THE SHRIMP BURGER WAS AMAZING. I didnt care for their fries. I didnt know if they were left in the oil too long or if they were supposed to be like "CAJUN STYLE" LOL but they were dark, bland and undesirable.  The right amount of spice and cooked really well. The only thing missing was pickles. We were given some but they were dry and sad! lol
We had another group join the terrace to eat at the restaurant but apparently it too so long  to get the lady to come back that they left. THE FINAL KICKER... The waitress must have noticed the other table had left and she begins cleaning the table WITH ANOTHER SHARED CIGARETTE IN HER MOUTH. and Who is she sharing it with? THE DAMN CHEF! WITHIN 4 FEET OF OUR TABLE. Thank goodness we were finished eating because Newport Smoke and Shrimp cant be a good combo. I WOULDNT go back but I would like the recipe for the burger! lolFood was good, but staff was rude and rushing. Went for afternoon lunch and there were two waitresses and one server behind the bar. Many patrons had to get up to get their own silverware and napkins. Food took an exceptionally long time to arrive, which was upsetting because it was good! They stop serving breakfast at 12, even on the weekends. Don't waste your time and go to The Grill which is a block away.My mission while in NOLA for a week on business, was to make sure I got in some local food.  Unfortunately, 10+ hour days did not provide enough time to experience the city and the French Quarter as much as I would have liked to, and by the end of all-day meetings and tired feet, I didn't have much energy left for exploring.  Lucky for me, Something Else Café was located right around the corner from my hotel.
I wanted to dine in, but opted to carry out and bring it back to the hotel.  I found the café after walking down the street sort of aimlessly, hoping to find something quick.  The casual, airy, relaxed feel to this place immediately drew me in.  It's not a big place, but definitely has ample, comfortable indoor seating and patio seating outside as well.  I walked in and waited at the bar after I ordered my food.  There was one server on this night.  It was a busy Monday night (our conference coincided with NOLA Jazz Fest so the city was hopping!).  She was handling all the tables as well as the bar, and had it completely under control.  It was (quick) service with a smile.
And the food...I will have to come back to NOLA just to eat here again.  I went with Local Favorites marked on the menu, including the Shrimp Burger, Jambalaya and the Bread Pudding.  For someone whose first culinary love is all things seafood, that shrimp burger was a dream come true.  A half-pound of LA gulf shrimp, ground and formed burger style, topped with fresh avocado, bacon, pepper jack cheese and their Secret sauce - chock full of flavor, everything just right....I'm hungry just thinking about it.  The jambalaya was great too, with generous slices of smoked sausage and tender chicken drumettes and pork loin.  The Bread pudding was the perfect end to the meal, topped with fresh sweet blackberries and a nice rich rum sauce.
It was a lot of food.  I was full quickly, but forced myself to finish it throughout the night.  It was just so good that I couldn't waste it.
I promised myself that no matter how good things were at one particular restaurant in NOLA, I wouldn't go back for seconds (to maximize myrestaurant experience).  I ended up breaking that rule for Cafe du Monde, and think I would have broken the rule for Something Else Cafe too if I had had the time!Food was very good. I enjoyed the house-made root beer and the shrimp po-boy. The others commented that their food was also very good.
Service was hands down the worst I've ever had. Waited 15 minutes for staff to bring menus. Our wait person noted that they were slow due to a large group that had sat down before us and pointed to a group of 6-10 people. Drink refills were sparse. It took around an hour from when we sat down until the meal arrived. 
I cannot recommend eating here unless you aren't hungry and have plenty of time on your hands.Came here when we discovered Green Goddess was closed for the month of August for repairs, and to escape the impending storm. 
They have no concept of the word "vegan" since the vegan delight sandwich has mozzarella cheese, mayo and pesto on it. I am only vegetarian and ordered it sans mayo and it tasted ok and was only 8 bucks. Just not even close to vegan.Just had brunch at this place and my brother found a piece of grill brush on the burger meat. This place is a disaster.Never got to try the food since the waitress decided she would pass up on taking our orders in favor of assisting two other tables.This was one of my first restaurants that I went to in NOLA. What I like about it is it's not much of  a tourist place. You kind of have to look for it. 
As far as the food is concerned, not too bad. I can see myself coming back here again. The food was ok. Not incredible but  not horrible. This was the first place I tried boudin balls (which is now one of my all time favorite things) so I can't complain too much. Crab cakes are good too.I travel from Houma just for their Boudian and Boudian balls. I am a cajun and because of that i am very picky about my cajun food. This guy is from my home city which i didn't find out till we stated talking about were he gets his Boudain from. The prices are not over priced and so far this is the only place i have found Boudian in N.O., and this is as much a staple for us locals as crawfish and gumbo. The staff is very friendly and you feel like you just walked into Cheers, they make you feel as if they known you forever. And as a local thw main questions we ask each other are how's your momma and how's your daddy. So to have this feeling in the "BIG CITY" is very nice. Love going here and can't wait to come back again.Where do I begin? I love this gem of a place. The shrimp burger was Devine! The   GM Cindy was so wonderful and attentive, did I mention attractive? I'll return for the food and stay for the southern hospitality. I absolutely recommend this cafe!!!!! Five stars!!! Kudos.....This place was running a happy hour special on crawfish, so we stopped in. The staff was nice and attentive. The crawfish was good. Really, this place isn't anything special, but seems fine for a sandwich or something quick. The best part about it is the location (right in front of the old Supreme Court) and the alley patio.Just keep walking past this place!!!! it has nothing to offer other than a pretentious bartender with an over priced bar that lacked a variety of drinks and a waitress who greets you as if your a telemarketer calling during dinner, I have never been more frustrated and insulted than I have at this establishment, the bartender literally yelled, as if she was trying to be intimidating to my girl friend and I by basically screaming "I hate tourists! They are so annoying, we don't need them here I just wish they would stop coming here because they are so annoying" I got up and told the chef to please stop our order and just tell me how much I owe for the drinks, then I explained to him what his staff was doing in the front of the house, in front of them, needless to say I left the money I owed on the table and the bartender left her jaw on the floor, just stay away from this place unless you enjoy headachesThe chicken fried bacon is to be tried. One order is enough to share as it is VERY rich. The atmosphere is very welcoming and service was quick. YOU MUST TRY THE SHRIMP BURGER. I was leery of it at first when I ordered it but was so happy i did. Such a great flavor!Full Disclosure:  It's been a few years since my visit, but this place keeps popping up in conversation, so I felt compelled to write a review.
The service was friendly, and the place was cozy in that 'grandma's kitchen' sort of way.  A bit small, but it wasn't packed when we went there.  It's tucked away over in a small corner over on Conti street, and it's not one of the more notable spots in NOLA.
Now -- the food.  I had the Shrimp and Grits, and sweet Jesus, they were amazing.  Like I said, it's been years since i"ve been there, but I fully intend on doing a beeline for this place on my next visit JUST for the shrimp and grits alone.  
Overall?  I highly recommend this spot to get some good, down home, New Orleans cookin'.They have a lot of unique menu items.  I had the shrimp poboy and it was really good.  This place is off the beaten path but the food is excellent! I would recommend trying them when in NOLA.Slow service; it felt like we were bothering our server. 
Greasy, tasteless food. I had Fish and chips. It tasted like frozen fish from the grocery store, which I wouldn't eat at home, much less on a vacation if I'd known. 
I was thirsty and the water was refreshing. So at least there is that. 
There are lots if Restaurants in New Orleans, and I'd recommend you choose another.I'm surprised at the two negative reviews here.  We ate here on a whim while looking for something quick and quirky in the Quarter, and it did not disappoint. For the genre--small, simple menu; quiet and cute--it was nearly perfect.  "The Tower" salad--basically a caprese--was fresh and flavorful (is it tomato season??); the chicken fingers were light and delicious; the fish and chips was cornmeal-encrusted goodness followed by perfectly seasoned, potato-y french fries.  Yum!  
Super-friendly service (our waiter made a list of places for us to check out in New Orleans during our brief stay!) and fresh, simple food made this place a winner for us.Cute little cafe from outside off bourbon street seemed like a good bet for brunch. At 1:30, brunch menu was off limits - seemed surprising as it was New Years and people are not expected to wake up early. 
Vegan Sandwich (not actually vegan as it has cheese and mayo) is the only option for vegetarians along with some fries or salad. It mentioned it has pesto in it but the two sandwiches we ordered forgot that key ingredient. Bread was lightly toasted and the sandwich was definitely not worth it.Gross. Probably the only bad meal I've ever had in Nola. We got there at 11:30am on a tuesday and we were told it was only the breakfast menu. I ordered an omelette which was slopped on a black plastic plate. theres something about reused plastic plates, its like eating off those city-issued garbage can lids. anyway the hash browns were greasy and soggy potatoes. They charge per refill, without ever letting us know.There was a bug in my boyfriends drink and though they were definitely apologetic, we still got charged for that refill. The only up side to this place was the waitress was super nice. Neverr would I recommend this place to anyone.After walking in and the two waitresses sitting at a dining table drinking, playing on their phones and watching tv I was finally greeted. Never told to sit where I want or assign me a table. I elected to have the gumbo. Being from the area, I have had my fair share of gumbo and this was a slap in the face to the gumbo name. Totally disgusting. The surf and turf Poboy was so-so. The over priced so-so food, horrible/unprofessional employees and not so good atmosphere make the place a must pass in the future. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!The something else burger was good but only came with a small bag of chips for 12 dollars. The grilled cheese had unmelted shredded cheese in it and the guy who brought it out knew right away it was wrong. It looked like the cook forgot to flip it over on the grill. The 10 dollar bloody mary was weak. The burger was pretty good though. I give it 0 thumbs up or down.Blah to the max. 
We both had a salad, the wedge with blue cheese dressing that tasted like a bottle of Morton's table salt, including the gritty texture, and The Tower, which was okay, probably much better with a riper tomato and none of the oil mess that was underneath (I can't picture this place having decent olive oil so it sort of grossed me out.). 
We got our salads and our entrees at the same time.  Except, only my entree.  He brought our salads and my grilled cheese, and then came back a few minutes later with her fries, and then never brought the sandwich.  Forgotten, alright, that happens, but they never came back to check.  This was not due to business or a packed restaurant, there were three visible employees and they were telling stories, loudly, and leaning dramatically in boredom against the bar.  So eventually, when we were sure it wasn't just a delay, we went to the bar to tell them about the mistake and ask for refills and waters.
My grilled cheese was okay, standard crappy diner fare.  The fries were fresh cut and we got excited, but they tasted weird, or off, or something that made them disappointing.  Her pulled pork sandwich was just gross. He never came back to ask about our meals after the second entree arrived, either.  In fact, he stood at the bar, or in the back, for pushing 20 minutes after we were completely finished and had our baskets pushed to the middle of the table.  He got another table outside, one other table, and continued to ignore us.  At one point, he managed to push himself away from the bar and came to the side of the bar where there was a clear view of our disappointed faces and discarded plates, walked toward us, then turned around and went back.  We contemplated walking out when all three employees were in the back for extended periods of time, but neither of us had the guts. Finally, another sever, a sweet girl (with dark hair, working the evening shift on Thursday 3/2... no name, sorry!) who was interacting very nicely with her table, cleared our baskets for us and got our bill. We wish she'd been our server, she answered a bunch of questions for the other table and seemed attentive and pleasant.  After we paid our bill (which revealed our server's name, Travis) with the exact change, no tip, we rushed out.  The nice girl ran after us to give back stuff we'd left on the table in our hungry, disappointed haste.  We felt badly because she was so friendly, but Travis sucked so hugely we still felt justified with the no tip... pretty sure it's the first time I've tipped nothing.
And for those unfamiliar with my reviews, I've been a server since I was 16 years old and currently work 2 waitressing jobs.  My perception of service is both realistic and observant but also fairly critical when it comes to the abhorrent service we had tonight. No excuses.It's okay. I had the French toast but it just tasted like a piece of bread pudding with praline sauce.  Not really inspired to come back.Others have had service issues, but not me!  I was greeted with a smile and asked where I would like to sit (they were not crowded at the moment). The folks working the dining room/bar/patio were very friendly and helpful. I took a small table in the front corner of the dining room near an open french doorway to the patio so I could "people watch".
I ordered and had my food in all of 15 mins. I went with the Shrimp Burger (half pound of shrimp ground/chopped and formed into a patty then grilled) topped with apple bacon, tomato, and lettuce, and a side of slaw.  It came with a bag of Zapp's Cajun Crawtater chips--MY FAVORITE ZAPP'S. I washed it down with a local Abita Strawberry Ale.
By the time I was ready to go, business had picked up quite a bit, both inside and on the patio. My check was presented and processed quickly--and with a smile--and I was on my merry way. Will I go back?  YEP!!!!Our waitress seemed more interested in her cell phone than her job.
They were out of fries, but didn't mention it until we asked why they didn't show up with our order.  "We took it off your ticket."  Ohhh...well, thank you!!  I guess they were out of tomatoes as well because they didn't end up on anyone's sandwich or burger.
The restroom was out of toilet paper and was so disgusting one person in my group couldn't touch her food.  She said, "If the restroom looks like that imagine what the kitchen looks like."  So, it wasn't a surprise that the 4 of us that actually ate our meals had horrible gastrointestinal problems after our meal.  Can we say e-coli??
Anyway, don't bother with this place.  You're better off with a chain.After finishing our bone-chilling (not really, it was super fun!) cemetery tour we were ravenous and looking for something delicious for brunch, but unfortunately we arrived at 12.05 and they were very strict about not serving us breakfast food after noon, which was very disappointing but understandable.
We perused the menu and decided on the Three Layered Grilled Cheese (bestie had been on a grilled cheese spree) and the Vegan Delight sandwich. Both came with chips, but we were really hoping for fries and salad to share - this seemed to confuse our server quite a bit, but we did get what we wanted. 
Service was fairly slow and curt, but we'd come to expect that from the French Quarter by this point. A few minutes after we ordered we realised that the sandwich had said it was vegan and had mozzarella in it - I have to admit we panicked a bit! Vegan cheese is... not our favourite thing!! We quickly spoke to a server and asked her if it was vegan cheese - she wasn't sure but brought over another server who did know. The woman looked a bit nonplussed by our question and told us that it was regular mozzarella. We were relieved for ourselves, but very concerned for any vegans dining here - I would strongly encourage the restaurant to change the sandwich name to vegetarian, as regular mozzarella sure isn't vegan!
The "vegan" sandwich ended up being great - huge chunks of cheese, and quite flavourful. The grilled cheese was very disappointing, with very little cheese sandwiched between lots of very white bread. The fries were ok, but unfortunately the salad didn't impress us at all. There was carrot in there that looked quite sad, and the whole thing was underwhelming.
I found this fine for a quick bite, but not somewhere I'd come back to often.Brought my hamburger loving friends here. They were very pleased. The shrimp burger was also a pleasent surprise for my non- meat friend. 
Service has improved and staff was friendly bWow.... a twelve dollar hamburger that was dry and pulled pork that tasted like it was boiled! No flavor..We do better than that on a bad day here in the south. I would say they were having a bad day but this was our second and LAST time.Lovely outside dining. We had the boudin balls and gator Po-boy. The staff was so sweet and helped is find our way around the city!The service was not very good and the food was boring.  We ordered a shrimp appetizer before our meals.  It came out with about 5 shrimp and a huge portion of awful potato salad which was weird and not worth the price.  Never received refills on our drinks, and really was never checked on at all.  The fried fish was pretty good.Something Else Cafe was not a bad eat, I admit, but in a city that is blessed with such culinary greatness, this restaurant gets lost amongst the crowd. 
I have been to New Orleans multiple times, and feel that this is likely my least favorite eatery from the numerous places I have dined at. The restaurant was very empty, in fact we were the only table, but our server was prompt and friendly. That is more than can be said about the bartender who loudly complained her entire shift, left early and then was yelled at just as loudly by a manager over the phone-- all while trying to enjoy our food.
After days of cajun goodness and spice, I opted simply for some home- cut chicken tenders and a side of their mac and cheese. I expected nothing special, no fine dining, and got just that. The chicken tenders were alright, nothing overly special, but the mac and cheese was very poor. It was angel hair (aka thin) noodles with some tasteless, thin cheese sauce. I couldn't eat more than two bites.
My friend, however, loved his alligator po'boy. I am guessing it was alligator sausage, as I have had alligator many times and his meat was nothing like any alligator I ever had-- looked more like a grey/ pink dish rather than the usual white. Regardless, he loved his sandwich.
Bottom line: this is not the worst food you will ever have, nor the worst service, but in New Orleans there are a hundred other restaurants where your money would be better spent at.Just like going to gramdma's!  Some of the best food that we have had in New Orleans.  Just about the most unorganized service we've had yet.  But just like gradma's, everyone is so sweet you don't actually mind.  My wife's BLT was missing the lettuce and tomato (oops).  We ordered one desert to share and got two.  Both very minor when you consider how good the good was!Worst service ever.... Food ice cold, and complete attitude for warming it up... 12 noon bfast is over, dont even try...we watched some people get thrown out over it! Food once warmed was ok but completely overshadowed by the attitude.We had an extremely awful experience here today! The waitress was very unfriendly. All the food came out very late and at different times. I was so full off of picking off other peoples French fries that I cancelled my order. We had to go to the bar to get napkins and refills for our drinks. The wait staff was on Facebook on their phones or chatting. The bartender was drunk, and blamed bad Bloody Marys on the manager who was just hanging out behind the bar. New Orleans is know for it's food, but I felt like I was in Selz, North Dakota eating at the local cafe. No southern hospitality or knowledge of how to serve food. Won't be back!This breakfast experience left me confused. What sounds like plain and simple comfort food joint has issues swirling all around it. Breaking it down: Egg n da hole sounds fantastic, doesn't it? It's not. It is not served with Texas Toast, it's served with your choice of white or wheat. Egg in hole "over easy"?  Nope. Runny whites and tiny eggs. Cheesy grits; are grits suppose to be like paste? If so, that'll be my last experiment with them. Bacon was thin, flimsy and pretty much under cooked. That's my partners meal...we kinda split everything while there. 
I personally ordered the classic...gravy and biscuits. Serving Take 1: The gravy was cold. Sent back. Serving Take 2: piping hot, more gravy than original serving and was great! Biscuits fluffy, gravy spicy and consistently smooth. After the egg n da hole experience we had no problem downing our biscuits and gravy. Redemption for the Somthin' Else Cafe. 
Service was attentive, friendly and very apologetic (is apologetic a good or bad sign?) 
Opted for the free continental at the hotel for the rest of my trip, but would go back to this Cafe for one thing only...Hot gravy and biscuits.
Oh, one final note:  What's with the TV BLAIRING TO REGIS AND KELLY?  Please get a clue and lose the loud TV.It was a godsend, late night food close to the central business district. The food was okay, nothing too exciting, but it was affordable, hot, and I wanted jambalaya at 1AM. I had a LONG nap after the red dress run. I love that they have a a patio.This is a great place for breakfast - but hard to see from Royal because of building construction going on. The bad reviews baffle me. $30+ dollar brunch at Two Sisters is too much. Cafe Du Monde is good - only if you want beignets. Camelia Grill usually has w line and it is just "ok" - just standard diner stuff. We like the Shrimp & Grits and omelets. The cat head biscuits, hash browns, sausage gravy, and grits are all good. I agree that the bacon is wimpy, but that's not a deal-breaker for me. I like the atmosphere and the people are all nice.There are some great things about this place. The food, for one, is pretty good. It's not quite spectacular, but it's more than competent. However, it's a little on the pricey side for what you get. The pulled pork sandwich we had probably should have been $8, not $10. If you want a sandwich and a drink, you won't get out for less than $12-15. However, the service is friendly. And there's free Wifi, which is great.
It's in an old building in the French Quarter, with (very sticky - push/pull HARD) French doors to the outside. Air conditioning is cool but not ice cold, which I thought was a nice touch.
The atmosphere is mixed. This place is small - probably about 10 tables in a squareish space, French doors all around, a hardwood floor and a wooden bar. If you sit facing the bar, then you'll get a very sports bar feel - giant plasma TV (CNN was on with subtitles when we were there), full bar, etc. The bar sort of dominates the room. But if you sit facing the outside, it's actually quite pleasant.
It's not really a five-star place, I'd probably give it 3.8, so it gets a 4 from me.SERVICE: Friendly enough!  This is the ONLY reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1.
ATMOSPHERE:  Cute- adds to false sense of goodness.
PRICE:  WAY overpriced for what you get.
FOOD:  Very disappointing.  From the looks of the cafe, you get excited and think "this is going to be good."  This was a big letdown.
*BLT- Definitely not what was expected.  The bacon is battered and deep-fried!  Ends up tasting like gobs of deep-fried salty fat.  The bread is of your typical white bread loaf variety.
*Grilled cheese- For $7, I expected a decent grilled cheese.  Instead, I got 2 white bread slices and what looked like melted processed cheese.  Don't forget the bag of chips.  What a letdown.
FINAL VERDICT:  Pass this place up.After having walked past this place several times, I was urged to stop by and eat when I saw it on TV talking about Boudin Balls - of which I'm a big fan. I liked most everything about this place except the slooooooooowwwwww service: slow. For whatever reason, that day there was only one server. IDKY. She was nice.
We sat outside and ordered Boudin Balls, Alligator Corn Dog w/fries, both with Special Sauce. They happened to be out of Crab Cake or we surely would have ordered it.  We also considered the Heart Stopper Burger but wiser heads prevailed. Since we weren't all that hungry, we went straight for dessert: Sweet Potato Cheesecake & Bread Pudding. 
Price / Value: Good for the French Quarter
Boudin Balls: Excellent
Alligator Corn Dog: Interesting and Tasty
Special Sauce: Good on anything
Sweet Potato Cheesecake: Good but out-done by the 
Bread Pudding: with creamy blackberry rum sauce - OMG! Get 2! No, get 3!
Since we didn't try any of the burgers, po-boys, sandwiches, or salads, I'm hoping to go back again and surely, I will.Keep walking. I'm not sure what was going on at this place. The servers were friendly, but we are certain that they were also the cooks in the kitchen. We waited over forty minutes for our burgers, which were over cooked, dry and crumbly. One burger was missing the fried egg, which the server ran back to cook. And the truffle fries were burnt.Cute place and nice folks.  Had a great plate of shrimp and grits here this morning.  There are two reasons I'm not giving this joint a better rating.  1) The front of the house staff spent the whole time I was there eating...in front of the guests.  2) Two people - either friends of the staff or staff themselves - came in with fast food, sat down, and started eating.  I get that restaurant folk have to eat...but not in the front of the house such that the guests have to interrupt the staff eating to get a coffee refill.I don't know what was worse here, the food or the service. When we arrive, we sat at the only table that was there that had been cleaned and wiped off. Awhile later we got our menus and ordered drinks. Awhile later we received our drinks. Awhile later our waitress finally brought our drinks and awhile after that she came back to take our food order. While waiting for our food the manager who was also the bartender I believe was yelling and getting after the wait staff. My shrimp were rubbery and weren't deveined like most restaurants. We were so ready to get out of there. All I have to say is they live up to their name....Something Else.This place did not live up to other reviews. The service was terrible. The wait staff needs to into training on how to great seat and serve the customers. I watch the TV show called Resturant Impossible that features failing restaurants and how they need to be turned around to survive. This resturant would be a perfect candidate for the show, it is a failing resturant. We had to wait so long for the food we finally left due to hunger pains. We were only one of three tables occupied at the time. Several other people came in got seated and then proceeded to leave. The place was dirty and unorganized. The waiter we had look like a slog and he was rude and abrupt. When he did bring us our drinks he served them with his fibers on the rims. Later I saw him taking out the trash, wiping his sweaty brow and pulling up his pants as they were falling down. I did not see him wash his hands after that. This place was really Something else!Worst service I ever had. An hour and ten minutes before we had our appetizer. Had to go to bar to ask for napkins and utensils. Had to go to bar repeatedly to get my drink refilled. Got my fries after I had already finished my sandwich. 
During this time I would watch the staff talk in the corner and ignore what was going on around them. One waitress sat at the bar and was on her phone looking at facebook.
Worst of all the they charged 18% gratuity. No wonder they don't care about taking care of the people. 
Three hours of my life I will never get back
Awful.Family owned. Reasonably priced. They boast "eat like the local's" apparently that means huge portions & Diner style food. The outside seating is my favorite thing about this place rot-iron tables with bright yellow umbrellas tucked away off the street.I've only eaten here for breakfast. The food is good, but service is very disorganized. You have to seat yourself, but there is no sign telling you to do so. And you may be waiting awhile for someone to take your order. I have seen customers get up and leave because they were waiting too long.  If you have the patience to wait, go ahead and try the food.We found this small restaurant while walking around the Quarter on our last morning in town, and I wish we had found it sooner!  Great portion sizes and a more-than-accommodating kitchen when it comes to making lots of substitutions for picky eaters!  A delicious, healthy meal at a reasonable price -- exactly what we were looking for!Food was mixed - some ok, some awful.  Prices were French Quarter high.  A thimble-sized side of cole slaw was $2.50 and I had to laugh at their blatant rip-off of tourists.   But, the reason for 1 star is that the service was really bad - dreadfully slow and apathetic.
We had crabcakes, salad, burger, shrimp po'boy, truffle fries, gumbo, and blt.  The sandwiches were ok, though the burger was not med-rare as ordered - way overdone.  The shrimp po'boy was tasty and the gumbo had some good flavor.  We also enjoyed the crabcakes.
Truffle fries arrived stone cold.  We sent them back and they must have re-heated them on a dirty griddle but they tasted like dirt.  yuck.  As other reviewers have noted, their fries are just weird.
My son thought the homemade rootbeer tasted of clorine.
Service was terrible.  Apps arrived with entrees almost 1 hour after we ordered.  Kid you not!  Only a few other tables in the restaurant and all of us were sitting waiting for food.  
I had to walk up to the bar area to ask the waitress for the bill.  She ran my card and charged me for another table.  I had to flag her down to get her to correct the bill.  15 minutes of trying to pay the bill while the rest my table was rolling their eyes.   Now, I'm holding my breath that the right charge comes through on AmEx.  
Some potential customers came in while I was waiting to pay and I quietly whispered to them to go elsewhere if they are hungry because service is soooo sloww.I came to New Orleans for a convention, and this is one of the places I stopped by to grab a "quick dinner" between events. 
If were to rate this place on food alone, I would say that this place would deserve 4 stars. I ordered the gumbo and truffle fries, both of which were very tasty. The fries were made of potatoes that they had cut themselves into thin slivers, which were very flavorful. 
My friends that I was with ordered the crab cake and a salad which were both very good and fresh in their opinions.
Unfortunately, the service was not the best. I'm not sure if it is because I'm from the tri-state area and I am always on the move or if it's because the service was really that slow... but it was NOT a good time. First, we had ordered water, which we had to wait for 20 minutes for and ask three times for. Then it took FOREVER for the food to come out... and when it did, the server brought 3 entrees out to a single woman also seated. After the other customer told the server that it wasn't her order, the server stood their trying to give her our three orders! Meanwhile, we are all trying to wave the server down and let her know that it was our food. The server then disappeared into the kitchen. When she came back out again, we were able to tell her that, that was in fact our order... and then it took her another 10 minutes to bring the order back out again! 
Sigh.. what a let down. It was a really cute place.. and the food was definitely delicious.. but not the place to go when you are on the move.The staff is lovely, open late night.  I got the gumbo, which is very "meh."  Almost $10 for a bowl and I have definitely had many better options in the quarter.  Not terrible, but definitely won't go out of my way to go back anytime soon.Visited Somethin' Else today based on a recommendation. Disappointing... From my husband's burnt blueberry pancakes to the less than lukewarm cheesy grits. From now on, we'll visit the spots with crowds or lines...like Cafe Beignet or Ruby Slipper. Sorry but I'm from Chicago and if I know anything, it's good food and this wasn't it.Sometimes you just have to take a chance and trust your fellow Yelpers! I decided to walk a bit further for a later breakfast than I really had time for, but I didn't want to go to any of the places a bit closer to Canal. I was hoping to find something a little different and this appeared to be the place. 
Once again, you can't go wrong with boudin for breakfast! It's my new addiction. Service was prompt even though it was moderately busy. The eggs benedict were very tasty and were spiced-up just a bit. Very enjoyable and well worth the extra steps.I go to Something else cafe quite a bit and am always please with what I order. Their seafood is  awesome. I'm not a huge meat person, but I had a really great burger from there as well. They have build-your-own salads, which I love, and the best Bloody Mary I've ever had. 
The atmosphere is wonderful, as they have tables set up outside along Exchange Alley. The service has been great every time but once on an extremely busy night.Aw they ran out of mac n cheese!! Messed up my salad TWO TIMES, but the food was great...The food is delicious. Patio is lovely. Service is slow.... So plan on waiting a bit for everything. Great for a leisurely dinnerThe Somethin' Else Cafe was a godsend for my husband and me this past weekend on our visit to New Orleans. We had plans to visit one of the more popular breakfast spots for some traditional NOLA fare, but the lines at 9:30 a.m. were already outrageous. Starving and on the way to cranky, we stumbled upon this cafe. There was probably only 1 couple inside when we arrived, but we decided to take our changes.
So glad we did! I had the American Breakfast, which was a traditional egg/meat/toast type of deal. My husband ordered from the a la carte menu. Servings were maybe a little smaller than I'm used to for breakfast, but it was still plenty of food.
The servers were all very, very nice. They didn't mind that we moved after the open window near our first table made us a bit chilly. Even once we were done eating, and the restaurant had filled up, they still offered us coffee refills and never made us feel like we needed to make a quick exit.
Thanks for getting us off on the right foot, Somethin' Else Cafe! Breakfast is definitely the most important meal of the day.We got the romain salad to split and my wife got a grilled cheese and I got the catfish and fries.  The fries were handcut, but not cooked just right.  The catfish was good and my wife said the grilled cheese was so so.
But what gave this review a -1 was the way the manager treated me.  I had a restaurant.com coupon and although there was no sign or notice, they wouldn't take it.  Instead they gave me a couple of bucks off.  The manager tried to put it on me saying that he charged me a fair price and said that the coupon was unfair to him.
Anyway he said he had been fighting with restaurant.com for 3 months to be removed.  I called restaurant.com and talked to them and there is a mechanism for him to be removed, but the restaurant is not doing it.
That is between the restaurant and restaurant.com.  I have had restaurant.com mail me and substitute out a coupon that was no longer valid.  It puts me in a bad position.
One funny side note.....when we were eating the manager got food delivered from another restaurant and proceeded to eat it at the bar.To end our short weekend we had brunch at something else. We walked by while they were serving breakfast and it smelled good but for some reason we passed thinking we would find something better. We didn't. We ended up coming back around but by then it was on to lunch. I was somewhat disappointed because breakfast smelled so good, but lunch was not disappointing. We split a pot roast po'boy and fries. The fries were seasoned with 'slap ya momma' which is fantastic. We picked up a container from the market, nice kick, good flavor. (For the spice-adverse population, there is 'punch ya daddy' which is less spicy.) It's really hard to describe the pot roast po'boy... savory is a good starting point. The meat was tender, the bread was saturated with the juice, which was a little salty. It was an unexpected, but delicious concoction and I'm so glad we stopped there."Jumbo BBQ shrimp" to die for...die laughing at if not paying for them. All 8 equalled 1 jumbo shrimp. 45 minutes for food, 5 parties walked out while we were there. Excuse was half of the help called in sick. Maybe because they ate there? Avoid this place!!!We ordered a make your own salad, bread pudding with blackberry run sauce, alligator po boy, shrimp basket, and a popeye salad. Service was good, they took the Restaurant.com certificate with no problem, and the food was decent. But  it was way overpriced for what you got especially for the Popeye salad and shrimp basket.. Kinda pathetic shrimp that were overcooked. Eh.. It was okay. I hear it's way better for breakfast.Service is incredibly slow and waitresses were indifferent to our presence. Got the Popeye salad. Avacado was missing, vinaigrette was watery and the crab was scarce. Also the tables were really dirty. Would not recommend.Simple diner-style place with diner-style food that's just better and more interesting than your typical diner. The food is cheap and straightfoward, but sometimes that's all you need after lots of drinks and an intense dinner the night before. We had the fried chicken on a biscuit and egg in da hole, and while neither are about to win anyone Top Chef, they were delicious, satisfying, and just what I wanted. Free of pretentiousness with bottomless coffee, outdoor seating, and no wait for a table.Very small but great service and food.  Mud bugs are 5 lbs for 20.00.  Beer is cold service is great.  Do Not Blink as you walk past, it's on a corner and very small. Just down from the Police station.We had lots of less than good and entirely too expensive meals in the French Quarter and I am so glad we found this cute little Cafe.  We ended up having breakfast there 3 times in total.  The food was always good, the service was great and I didn't feel like we were getting ripped off!!  Loved the sausage gravy, got a side to go with my eggs and potatoes.  One day I had the loaded hash browns, which comes with bacon, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions and two fried eggs on top.  Good stuff!  My hubby had the Biscuit with beef and wow, it was huge and delicious.  My son polished his All American breakfast twice, including that entire tender yummy biscuit. 
We also stopped in one evening and had some appetizers for dinner.  My son loved his shrimp Po Boy, my hubby and I shared the Andouille Balls, which were tasty, we had grilled veggies, yum, and blackened shrimp, which was tasty, and each of us had a wedge salad, which was crisp, fresh and yummy.  They were out of piggy fingers, which was a bummer, it sounded good.  
I'm glad we found a place where the prices were fair and the food was really good.  I love places like this and when I go back to NOLA, I will be back.Stopped in here for lunch today (it's very close to my job) and was pleasantly surprised by their really tasty, sloppy, roast beef po' boy. The beef was house made, shredded, debris-like roast beef and had great flavor. I stress this because I absolutely hate when I order a roast beef po'boy and it's made with sandwich/lunch/cold cut meat with canned gravy on it. Extremely lazy and tastes like crap. This sammich, however, was pretty much perfect and extremely enjoyable. It was served with Zapp's Cajun Crawtater chips and I might have preferred to have fries with it, but, eh, whatever. 
Service was good, small space offering outside seating, casual atmosphere. Seems to be working out well. This location has housed many restaurants over the years and this one has lasted far longer than any in recent memory. Hopefully it's hereto stay so I can go back and check out their breakfast offerings.Green Goddess was closed, so my daughter and I popped in here for dinner. What a wonderful surprise! The staff were friendly and welcoming. When asked for suggestions, Patrick asked what sort of foods my daughter liked (she's a bit fussy) and how much "heat" she preferred. His recommendations were spot on. I had a pulled pork sandwich that had the perfect meat:sauce ratio. All too often you can't taste the meat because there's just too much sauce. This sandwich was very meaty. The bun was fresh and the perfect size to not overwhelm the sandwich's innards! My daughter had the boudin balls after extracting a promise that she could change her mind if she didn't like them. Not a problem at all! For starters we shared a humongous crab cake. There were huge chunks of crab with only enough "filler" to hold it together. There was some spice to the crab cake, but again, not overwhelming. All too often chefs will pile on the "cajun" flavoring, thinking that the heat will cover up poor technique. Not here. The tastes of the food shine through with the perfect balance of seasoning and spice.
Dessert didn't disappoint, either. The bread pudding was better than I make and perfect for two to share. It was served with a blackberry sauce; my only complaint is that there were only a couple fresh blackberries used as a garnish. To finish off the evening, we left with a to-go container filled to the brim with rice krispy treat for my daughter to share with her dorm mates.We stumbled upon the Somethin' Else Cafe and I'm glad we did. The food was delicious. The service was a little lacking but  because there only seemed to be one server working. Would go back here again.