Found this place on Instagram and have been curious about it for a while. I love that you can pick and choose what cuisine you wanted even if it was different from what the rest of your party wanted. I got the shaved Brussel sprouts salad from PDR. I wasn't a huge fan of the smokey beets but the rest was fantastic. I also got the garlic ginger tofu tacos from koreole. They are messy and delicious..everything a taco should be. I also got coffee from Coast Roast which was good but almost too hot. My boyfriend and friend also lovers their meals. It really is a cool idea. A little on the pricey side but the food is worth it.Crazy! That place really feels like an urban market. Different food stands provide you with all options you can imagine. Im top of that is a bar in the back. High-Class food with the regional influence delivers #yumminess! We had the breakfast and lunch there and never got disappointed. We are still talking about the Quinoa Bowl, the Haitian Breakfast plate and the shrimps'n'grits. But the best was the street corn with feta and creole seasoning. Really cool market flair made it to an full on experience that doesn't disappoint.I love everything about this place! The food, the cocktails, the people, I could spend all of my time here. We went every morning for coffee, and my favorite was the cold brew iced coffee. We tried almost all of the different places to eat, and our favorite was T2 Streetfood. So so so good! Each night, we stopped over at the bar for drinks. Awesome classic cocktails, and featured drinks. Derrick is a kickass bartender who knows his drinks. Awesome mixologist! We'll be back on our next visit to NOLA from Delaware!Ate at Elysian Seafood. I ordered the seafood tower. It was very delicious and fresh. The oysters were shucked right in front of me! I also had the marinated crab claws, ceviche and shrimp cocktail. All fantastic!Good food at this restaurant incubator and building redevelopment in the Bywater neighborhood.I freaking love this please! The fact that it has several stations with unique foods is out of this world! I always go to the little Korean station & get myself the wing plate with a few appetizers! I recommend getting a frozen coffee up front! For me at least, this is a place you go to to clear your head & get away from baggage in your life! Such a carefree, relaxing environment! One of the many places you have to visit when in NOLA. All the love in the world, Jenny.Really beautiful inside.  Wasn't very crowded for lunch...had plenty of people, but not super busy.  Nice variety of vendors.  Great if you are with a few friends, and everyone wants something different!I've eaten there twice. Lots of selections and all the vendors are very friendly. Both times it's been busy but not crowded. Never a line. 
I had a great lunch-blackened thin cut pork chop with a spicy glaze and dirty rice. A good value at 8 bucks.Lots of variety at reasonable prices. Wonderful atmosphere. Full bar with GREAT spicy bloody Mary's. 
Was recently in NOLA with another couple and we ended up going here everyday of our 4 day trip. In doing so, I was able to try food from every vendor, and it was all wonderful. My favorites were the fresh Gulf oysters from Elysian Seafood, the loaded breakfast toast from Juice NOLA, the sampler from Fete au Fete, and the butter croissant from Bittersweet Confections.This reminds me of Anaheim Packing District. Hipster place located randomly in the neighborhood. But who cares? Honestly, the food was great and decently priced. It's a perfect place to have breakfast, brunch, and snacks! Close to the Saint Roch cemetery as well if you're visiting. Not crowded at all. The food stands staff were helpful in giving you insight on what to order if it's your first here. I say give it a tryThis place is super great. Even though the ventilation is terrible, the food is delicious and beautiful. My friend and I tried about five different stalls and all of them are very tasty. I will go there if I go to New Orleans again -)Awesome food, local produce and other ingredients, really strong drinks, amazing tempura shrimp tacos!
There are probably 10-12 separate vendors. Very modern place in kind of a hidden area. 
We defiantly recommend this place. Both times we went were late at night and the food and drinks were still great.Loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious. We had Juice Nola, Lagos and koreole. Everything was DELICIOUS, clean and fresh.The market is super cute! We came on the recommendation from our friend, who compared it to Chelsea Market in NYC. It is much smaller, and is really only food. It's a little out of the way if you live in/around French Quarter.
We came on Saturday night, and it was crowded, but we were still able to find seating. They have a good amount of seating. The bathroom and tables are very clean. They have a wide variety of food, from empanadas, NoLa cuisine, pho and spring rolls, to oysters & seafood, of course! They have drinks, smoothies, and a healthy salad/acai bowl place.
Tried the Gumbo Ya-Ya and the Shrimp & Grits from Fete Au Fete. They were both very salty. I wish the rice was cooked with the gumbo, rather than just a plop on top. I was happy there was sausage in the Shrimp & Grits.
If I came back, I would choose to do so in daylight, so I can walk, and I would try the charboiled oysters from Elysian!Ate at the Haitian Restaurant in here. I love the concept of the place. Take the whole party and everyone choose their own food. The Haitian food was not made by Haitians or served by Haitians but it was good not great. The crab Mac and cheese didn't have crab in it and it was burnt and tasted burnt. The rice was passable but was sticky and it's not like that. She wasn't friendly so that didn't make it any betterWish had more to offer...didn't feel safe walking in the street close by.Loved this place. Fairly easy to park. Crowded, naturally, but still easy to navigate and see everything. 
Great for several friends to get different plates and apps to sample.St Roch Market is spot on! It's definitely something to try -- they have awesome food vendors, a great bar, a beautiful ambiance and neat attire as well as unique wines for purchase in the back.Me and my fiancé came here for a weekend trip. At the urging of our uber driver we headed to St. Roch Market and it was great move. There are maybe 10-15 different eateries inside of the building and we sampled two of them. We ordered brisket with peppers, pickles, onions along with a Greek salad. Then we grabbed coffee and something sweet on our way out. It was also raining so it was nice to be indoors eating good food.Lots of interesting options, but you need to find the one place that serves red beans & rice, sausage & corn muffin, and muffaletas!! Excellent. Don't get gumbo st any if the places here-- best gumbo next to my own, is at The Gumbo Shop!  RB&R reminded me of my living here in the 1970s!!This place is GREATTTT. You walk in and it's like a food court, but way cooler. You have several different vendors and varieties of food to choose from. From Vegan options to just about everything you can possibly be craving. My husband and I liked it so much, we went twice in one week! First time we went, I had the New Orleans omelet from Fritai and a delicious dirty chai from Coast Roast next to it. My husband had the Ceviche from Elysian Seafood and an Empanada from Empanola. All was fantastic. The second time, we brought our pup and sat outside (both inside and outside are a great option to sit at and enjoy your food) and I had the N.O. Bird Panini from Good Bird and a Cappuccino from Coast Roast (yes, their coffee is that good). My husband had the Larry Bird panini from Good Bird and again, the food did NOT disappoint. Afterward, walk your food off at the nearby Louis Armstrong Park!We made a pit stop here to grab a quick snack and recharge from our excursion out to the far reaches of Nola. We were super pleased to find such a vast variety and selection of items while in the market. From fresh tasty smoothies to a myriad of food choices our minds were blown. Everything we ordered was prepared fish and right before our eyes. Lastly we were able to take it out side to several of the tables out front and enjoy the views of the neighborhood and the Nola vibe. I am sure we will stop in and grab another snack on our next visit.This review is mostly for Coast Roast as that's where we've been hitting for cold brew every morning we've been in town.  Love this city but it's been lacking in great coffee with the exception of Spitfire.  Until now.  Coast Roast's coffee is brown velvet love that oozes out of the pitcher.  Doesn't need cream or sugar because it's so rich and smooth and flavorful.  And love The St. Roch Market.  Know all the negative press around it, but it was packed every day and night and looks like it employs quite a few people.Yes, this is an overpriced, hipster place....so, take it for what it is and enjoy it (if you can). The building is new, pretty, and sparklingly clean in it's all white glamour. The black furniture is extremely simple and functional. Most of all....it's CLEAN. There were people walking around picking up dirty dishes and wiping down tables without much ado. It's fun to have a choice of different foods from various vendors, and to also have a choice between a juice bar, coffee bar, or spirits bar. After walking around in June's evening heat, my boyfriend and I were thankful to find this place clean, interesting, and air-conditioned. I had a glass of wine, he had a drink (which he said was strong), and we both REALLY enjoyed the crepe we ordered from "Dirty Dishes". We ordered the Mac & Cheese w/ pulled pork and rootbeer bbq sauce for approx $10. It was delicious!
Do I see us coming here all the time and spending tons of money here? No. Do I see us coming again, to cool off, have a drink, and try a new dish? Yes. If you are looking to take a break from dirty, dingy dive bars, then definitely visit the St. Roch Market. It is a bright, little oasis which retains the New Orleans relaxed feel and vibe.A collection of vendors inside a marketplace. Some are good and some are not so good. I really like the concept and some of the vendors but I think it really needs an upgrade in the quality of food. Service was good. This place just recently opened.Cool concept, when you walk in it's bright, clean, and inviting. There are multiple vendors at at St Roch. I ordered from King Creole and Koreole.
I had the crawfish poutine from (King Creole) and Fried rice with fried chicken on top from Koreole.
Crawfish poutine was fresh and the potato was good. Staff was friendly and nice. Portions were perfect because there were other vendors, to choose from.
Chicken wings was crispy and fried rice was okay. (Koreole)
Visiting with family and will be sure to bring them back.An oasis in the middle of an industrial neighborhood where you can consistently find a yummy bite.Great place to go to try a bunch of different food. We had the oysters, gumbo, and bao buns and they were all amazing. I honestly could have spent hours in there trying everything.Love this place! It's in old building that was renovated a few years ago so has character with all the modern amenities. The food is solid and a little cheaper than a lot of the tourist traps in the French Quarter. Located in a residential upcoming neighborhood, the Marigny. There is a good selection of vendors, including local fare (gumbo, oysters, muffalettas, crawfish, etc.), other ethnic foods (Asian, Haitian, etc.), desserts, coffees, juices, etc. There is also a nice outdoor area and the place has an overall cool vibe, with some locals and some tourists.Very cute place! Lots of different things to try. From a coffee shop, Mexican food, New Orleans seafood, to a really good breakfast spot. I loved the concept of having all these little places in one big spot. Wasn't too packed when I went so it wasn't difficult finding a place to sit. Food was ready really fast too. Bathrooms were surprisingly clean. This is a good place to stop at for a quick lunch/brunchCheck this place out!!! All the vendors are ridiculously on point. I actually wound up walking around and getting some stuff at several different vendors and had some delicious stuff!!We were seeking out something different for lunch prior to our friends catching a flight back home.  Came across St. Roch on line and decided to give it a try.  This is a small collective of individual craft food providers located in a beautifully restored building.  The food choices range from Korean Asian Fusion to Seafood.  Our group tried a wide variety of foods including Korean Tacos, Blacken redfish PO-Boys, shrimp and grits and pancakes.  What was nice about hanging around St. Roch was that you were comfortable staying there for several hours just grazing on the difference food items.  It was a very nice way to spend time with friends before their flight departed.  By the way, they have both a full bar and a oyster bar if you are so inclined.
St. Roch is very close to the French Quarter but not within walking distance.  A taxi ride, assuming you don't get long hauled, should run about $15.Went here twice during my stay, and I'm so glad I did. If you're in the area definitely stop by. There's something for everyone from Haitian food to oysters to cocktails to salads and smoothies. Servers are great and the indoor and outdoor seating options are plenty.Great market that gave an amazing feel for NOLA. Went with a group of friends and we were all able to get what we wanted from avocado toast to savory pho. The bar is a great addition went you get stuck in the rain!Love the concept, appreciate the variety. Some dishes are pricey but it's prepared pretty quick. Tried several different vendors. At Koreole tried the Bimbim bowl and tempura shrimp tacos. At Dirty Dishes tried the Dirty cheesecake at King Creole tried the shrimp and grits. All very interestingBusy, packed and nice place for a variety of good food.
We enjoyed all the dishes we had. Will definitely go back!Visited the market yesterday. Very cool setup with almost a dozen food places and a cool bar. 
It has many different options depending on your taste. Seating inside and outside. Prices are very reasonable.Very pleased with tonight's choice.  I'm not sure how I heard about this place but I made a note in my phone to go here whenever we were in New Orleans next. It's a trendy spot with a variety of cuisines to choose from.  Not a place to feed your children, they're more than welcome, it's just my kids are not adventurous with food. We chose the Bao sampler of pork belly, pulled pork, and chicken from @T2streetfood. They were all very good but the pork belly reaaalllly stood out! Delish.  My husband is of Haitian decent and had to try Fritai. The creole hot wings were devoured by my 11 year old, I didn't get to taste them but there were only bones left, sooo I'm thinking they were good! The sweet plantains were good alone, they didn't need the avocado sauce that they came with. Now I LOVE me some griot. But for $10 you got more rice than meat so I decided against that. (PUT MORE MEAT ON THERE FRITAI). I was also curious about the empanadas from Empanola. I tried a Chicken and Sausage gumbo empanada. Different filling for empanadas but it was really good.  Super dense, you only need one and a fork!! And to top it all off we had a cupcake/cookie/cinnamon roll/ice cream ending from Bittersweet Confections.  Couldn't get the 4 year old to eat anything else but she ate the hell out of the cookies and cream cupcake!  There was a few other dishes we would have liked to have tried so we will definitely be back.  Oh! AND I apparently dropped my debit card and a security guard tracked me down and returned it! Didn't even know i dropped it! There are still good people in the world y'all bbIt's really a food hall or food court, not so much a market. We had food from the King Creole counter and it was delicious. I had a muffaletta sandwich, my wife had the trio of crawfish poutine, shrimp and grits, and red beans and rice. We had a side of cornbread, too. Everything was very delicious.French toasted filled with Nutella? Oh yeah, it was absolutely delicious. If you are in New Orleans you have to go to this place, it's like a market with different kind of restaurants so you have many choices of different food, excellent customer service, place is nice, casual, very clean. We also order eggs with mushrooms and we were very happy with our food, I will come back and try something different I'm pretty sure you don't get wrong  of whatever food you pick at this place..We came in town for a weekend vacation to try some good food. If you have a group of people who might want to try different things this is your place. We came for supper one night and got oysters, pho, and crab rangoons along with some drinks. All very good. We came the next morning for breakfast too.I ate here every day for lunch (and sometimes dinner, too) when I first moved to New Orleans.  The choice of food vendors is so diverse that it makes it quite easy to be a return customer.  I particularly enjoy Good Bird (the rotisserie chicken salads), T2 Streetfood (the Banh Mi), and Bittersweet (the cupcakes and cookies). The free WiFi and clean bathrooms are great too.Stunning, modern, upscale food court-style eatery. Tried plates from three of the restaurant vendors and a mimosa with fresh squeezed orange juice from the bar. Live Jazz duo played as we ate. It was a perfect experience all around.Came here with family for lunch. It's a good place for a group with different tastes. Everyone can pick from the different restaurants what they want to eat. For us we had the frozen coffee from the coffee place, the Larry Bird sandwich from the chicken place, the street corn from the Mexican place, and the grill oysters from the seafood place. Can't remember the names of the restaurants but all the food was tasty and reasonably priced. Except the grilled oysters which are way overpriced. You can get cheaper and better ones at Drago's. All in all a good experience and somewhat unique dining experience in downtown New Orleans.I have been counting down to the opening of the market for over a year, and had the highest hopes for it, but am SO disappointed.  I walked down the second day it opened for breakfast/ lunch.  Me and friends began with iced coffees and lattes, which though good, were overpriced (latte was $5.18...).  I was excited to try the Nigerian food, but regretted it quickly when I got a 6oz serving for nearly $8, with no bread or rice to eat the stew with.  I tried to make up for it by trying the peach Caprese salad from the first stall on the left, but found my salad to be inedible.  The basil in it wasn't cut, or torn, it was used in the salad like the other greens, and a mouth full of basil is just too much.  My friends also tried the koreole bowls, which were by far the best thing we found, but again, pricey.  Still hungry after the small portions, my boyfriend tried the ceviche.  Again, inedible.  The fish tasted old and borderline spoiled.  All in all, after spending $23 dollars EACH trying to make it work, we ended going to Rally's across the street.  :l 
Regarding the impact the market has on the neighborhood, the city spent money renovating a landmark in a historically mixed race/ Black neighborhood- so why the hell is nearly the entire place staffed by white folks in the FOH serving nearly all white people?  I think the market is failing to do what the healing center across the street is doing a decent job of- creating a gathering space thats actually reflective of the people that live around it.  It seems like the market is just another bulldozer pushing people of color further and further towards gentilly.  
I'd be willing to try some of the vendors again in a couple months to see if anything gets better, but for now, 1 star for the goods being sold and 2 stars for a completely botched execution of a decent concept.The space is beautiful, clean and welcoming. 
It could be likened to a fancy food court.
Unfortunately,  The food was just ok though, I would not order anything I ordered again.
 I do want to give it another shot though and try some of the other options.This place is amazing! Loved the atmosphere and interior. We tried the cauliflower salad and the taco salad from juiceNOLA and they were delicious, one of the best salads I've ever tried!,I love this place everything in here is pristine, different, and cool. The food is really good, the ambiance is perfect. This market is a cozy spot that would be great for small meetings, lunch dates, and just about all of the above. Good place to visit, I would like to give 5 stars but sometimes the morning crew can be a bit sluggish. St. Roch Market is my go-to for breakfast. I had the breakfast bowl and it came with bacon toast, egg, arugula, avocoda, and some type of sauce not sure but I ate it and it was good.Great variety of authentic cuisine in a neat part of the city.  Had some raw oysters and shrimp and grits.   Very nice.I take my friends from out of town here, I'm sad the BBQ place closed. Hard to get seating on the weekendsGo to king creole and get their trio. I could eat it every single day! The red beans are insane and the crawfish poutine is out of this world.Great way to try some local fare without the touristy vibe of many places in the French Quarter. Many options (so something for everyone) with common seating like your average food court.....or you can get a drink at the bar, and they will let you bring your food there. I bought items from a few vendors, and everyone was so friendly in the traditional NOLA way!! BUT some places were much slower than what you may be accustomed to in larger cities....but really, what are you in a hurry for?? Be patient, it will be worth it! Short bus ride down Rampart from the French Quarter, I felt safe traveling to and from the market. 
Will definitely recommend to friends visiting there next month.
Wifi. Clean restrooms.I dunno. I don't get it. Sure people who live far away may think this place is ruining the neighborhood...but that's the irony. I've lived in St Roch way before I ever heard it called St Roch, and not a single local on my block has a problem with it, but they don't use social media, so their opinion isn't heard, I suppose. Then people are upset because it was built with corrupt money finagling by the city. In New Orleans? You don't say. Color me unshocked. You don't like the owner's business model? That I can dig, but you do know how many places you like underpay the staff while they are snorting coke off bounced paychecks in the back room? I'll give you a hint: Many. Anyway politics and gossip aside, this place is way better than my worst fears for it were.
Anybody who ever has had the Praline pecan bread pudding with a scoop of homemade ice cream that rails on this place is stone cold to me. A delicious dessert is stronger than any other feeling I know. A dozen fresh oysters during happy hour for $12 downriver of the Quarter? Yum. Crawfish Poutine for $10? Also yum. How are these prices considered high? Crawfish and oysters aint cheap in the modern world. It's a food mall, shop at the right stores and you'll be fine. 
Service has always been absolutely friendly and I find he crowd a nice mix of people, skews towards the fancier, but what doesn't these days. 
Ive only eaten at 4 of the stalls, and may never branch out from there, as they are good enough for me, but I'm glad the place is here. The old seafood market it was never had poboys as good as Fradys, and Captain Sals is right nearby for fresh shrimp so it's old incarnation wasn't needed and occasionally new things don't kill us.you really should change your name to food court.   
I am so glad tourists have someplace to go, but I'm still waiting for a real grocery in this neighborhood.   I cannot believe after all the hype, all the surveys, and all the lies that we get this trendy food court in place of what was originally meant.
sure food is good, sure there are a few veggies at a stand, but its far from serving this community.
ten years we waited for this....   what fresh gentrifried hell is this?  one that caters to people who don't live here.   most of my neighbors are appalled that nothing in here really speaks to those who live here.   
of course at the rate this hood is going?  you will just be part of the driving force raising rents and pushing people out.
how sad.     might as well build a mall round it.
whitewash indeed.   wheres the color?Great experience in NOLA. Wonderful selection of eats. Highly recommend the "good bird"If you're in the area, this is a great spot to check out and try a variety of foods. This is also a great spot if you're traveling with a group and everyone has different desires, wants, or allergies. People can choose which purveyor they want their grub from, and meet in the middle.We come to New Orleans every couple months and never miss a meal at St Roch. Literally everything is good. Saw a chef judge from Master Chef eating there. That should tell you something. Love the bustle of this place. Great cocktails. Have had more than one 3 hour lunch here just grabbing a nibble from the different vendors. One of our favorites.The new Oysters at Elysian is horrible. Dirty hands, shells in the oysters, inedible.Nice concept. Food was good but small portions and pricey. It was very crowded the day I went so was a bit overwhelming especially going for the first time. Plan to spend about $15 for breakfast and a coffee.St. Roch Market is a clean, bright, hip eatery with several food vendors - think fancy food court meets whole foods. Looks to be about 16 vendors inside but wanted to point out The Sweet Spot. We had the snickerdoodle cookie which was soft and chewy and the size of a pancake! but the real treat was the Pecan Praline Bread Pudding! it comes with a sauce/drizzle but honestly you don't even need it. I think it's plenty sweet as it is but get the drizzle one the side if you're on the fence about it. but it's an amazing bread pudding, something you should definitely try. Ask for Sydney, she was super helpful, incredibly nice and has this killer smile to boot!-i think everyone who works here needs to work on customer service EXCEPT the waitstaff.
-everyone should smile and say "How can I help you?"  --this may be old fashioned but this will make me spend $ here instead of going somewhere else
-would only go there if in neighborhoodGreat place to go anytime; they have some great vendors and they all have quality food.  And good music! The selection is awesome, anything from fresh squeezed juice to fresh fish.  I definitely come here too often, and have some favorites but I will let you find yours.The fastest service I have ever had at any restaurant. The people are cheerful and the atmosphere is wonderful!! The food I tried was fantastic. The only downfall is the location. I would never be able to go eat here alone when it's dark out.I went here for dinner with a small group and it was amazing.
The Mediterranean stand was a favorite (grape leaves and mint lemonade) as well as the Bao from another stand.  Great way to make sure that everyone gets something they like when you are traveling with a group.
Also, as other reviewers have said, the employees of this establishment are super-efficient and friendly at clearing your plates, cleaning up in general, all with a friendly word.  Customer service like this seems to be a dying art, but they are doing it right here!There is something for basically everyone here!
The set up is a bunch of different restaurants in one big market hall. Each one has their own small menu and their own POS station. It can be noisy and hard to find a spot to sit down though.
I've only gone for lunch a few times so my experience relates to that only. I have no idea what it is like for other things, though they do a food happy hour at some point!
Each restaurant within has a small, ever changing menu. Lunch prices were reasonable, you can get in and out on a $10 pretty easily. You've got tons of options from Nigerian to Creole to Oysters to Vegan, you will find at least two dishes that you want to get.
This is rapidly becoming a critical stop for me in New Orleans for really good food and a really good price.People love to hate this place, mostly because New Orleans hates change, and this is the most controversial currently. The space makes available a kitchen and sales counter, for up and coming chefs and restaurant-minded people. I think it's a great space, yes it is not a market like originally advertised. But take it for what it is, great food, interesting atmosphere, and a beautiful space.The place is nice and trendy. That's all about it. On the other hand:
Everything is so overpriced even more than whole foods, the fruits are expensive and wasn't even fresh. A small cup of smoothie costs $7. All the foods was pricing and so plain 
The services doesn't get any better. Almost everyone who working in there who making foods, especially fingers food doesn't wear any gloves at all. Especially when we was sitting in there for 2 hrs and noticed this black lady with her hair braided was kept scratching her head the who time when she was standing around then making foods when she got orders without even washing her hands. It's disgusting just to think that someone was eating something from her head. Eww. I forgot what is the name of that vendor. But it is on the left when you walk in next to the vendor that sells Devil Eggs toward the back. 
Anyway, the customer service was bad. They took forever to make your food and it wasn't even that many orders. Minimum time waiting was 30min at least. The lady at Koreole after took 45min preparing 3 orders which was pre-make, made us wait another 15 min just to watch her refilling the pickles before she took my order. Like she couldn't just take our order first so we could just stood there watch her.  
I don't think I want to come back to that place to pay extra for less food and bad serviceomg! I could eat here everyday. There is no question where you want to go if you are near the french quarter and want to go on the outskirts to get some good food. Just outside the Bywater Marigny area is St. Roch. We went here because there was good food and a variety so everyone could find something they liked. Then we stopped by the St. Roch cemetary and it was awesome! Definitely a must to check outVisiting from San Francisco and unfortunately didn't have a chance to try this place until our last day . We were shopping hungry so I circled the market several times before stopping at Shank. Everything in St Roch Market looked good, but I LOVE charcuterie and salumi, and Shank had a charcuterie plate special!!  It was 14.95 I believe, and coming from $F we weren't expecting the portions to be substantial, so ordered the boudin plate as well. Good lord were we floored when we got our order - the charcuterie plate had a deconstructed andouille sausage, headcheese and one other item I'm forgetting, not because it wasn't delicious, but  because I'm old (and I don't photograph my food) along with cornichons and some homemade mustards... and was LOADED!  The boudin plate had two sausages and  were BIG,  plus  you get enough sliced baguette for the charcuterie (we ALWAYS have to ask for more bread in SF). We were busy talking when the plate arrived so didn't know what the charcuterie were (chef's special) so had to go ask the chef what we were eating. I was expecting indifferent hipster attitude because that's generally what we get in SF (born and raised, 3rd  generation btw, and snarky hipsters bug the crap out of me, but I love food,(and wine/beer and spirits)  have traveled extensively, and know my shit, so they usually loose the attitude once they realize this) but was pleasantly surprised when we spoke with Kristopher Doll, the gentleman who runs Shank..He was very informative and obviously passionate re his craft. I tend to be nosy (er, I mean inquisitive) and will usually ask about the chefs background (if their time permits of course) and he was more than happy to give us some background. The woman working with him was equally as nice (didn't catch her name sorry, but you're a gem). To sum up this rather long winded review...we loved our experience at St Roch Market, but do wish we had visited sooner and had a chance to try EVERYTHING!!Definitely one of the highlights of my visit to New Orleans. It's a little bit off the beaten path, but I ended up going twice in the few days that I was visiting. There are a lot of options in a beautiful space. I really appreciated the energy of the entire operation. It allowed for me and the people I was with to choose different options but stay together, something that you really only get with a mall food court. 
The food highlights were the good bird sandwich from Good Bird, simple and delicious. Also, the roasted mexican corn was delicious. In fact, I think the driving force of coming back a second time was the corn, it was that good.I've been here for happy hour and dinner a few times. It is a great concept and I've had a positive experience every time. The ambiance is interesting, with a high-end cafeteria feel. Yeah, a strange combination of casual, upscale dining. The high ceilings, white pillars, open environment, and cocktails contribute to the upscale atmosphere. Whereas the variety of food and grab at the counter style makes it more casual. 
So many great vendors, I want to try them all! So far, Koreole and Shank Charcuterie are are my favorites. I think it'd be a fun place to bring a date, y'all can try a few things and there'd be lots to see and talk about. Also a good place to go with friends who have different tastes, though there are few vegetarian options. Only place to get drinks- the bar in the back. one bar for drinks. Food and drinks on happy hour from 4-6PM Mon-Thurs. $5 wines by the glass, daquiris, sazerac, old fashioned, or punch. $2 PBR & Tecate.An amazing collection of small counters in the middle of the very cool Marigny neighborhood. We were staying nearby and started and ended our days here for breakfast, cocktails, snacks. The meat board from Shank was top notch. And the cocktails at the Mayhaw bar were inspired versions of classics.I was really disappointed after trying St Roch Market for the first time today. This was surprising because I had heard some pretty good rumblings about this new spot, and when I walked in I was pretty amazed by the layout. But the food and service left much to be desired. 
The major misstep was eating at SHANK CHARCUTERIE. Do not eat there. My gf and  I ordered the Pimento Burger cooked medium. After waiting for close to 20 minutes for the burger even though there was no one else in line, it came out very undercooked. And when I politely asked if they could cook it some more, the guy and girl behind the counter looked at me like a deer in headlights. After they cooked the same burger for about 10 more minutes, I brought the food back to my table only to find out that they substituted the pimento cheese with a creole mustard that just made the burger taste odd. I didn't even bother going back to the counter to ask for pimento cheese because of the way they reacted when I asked them if they could cook the burger some more. 
I'll definitely try St Roch again because it really is a cool spot. But I will avoid Shank Charcuterie at all costs. The people were just so rude, and the food was oh so mediocre.This is a cool concept in a really great old building - check out the old pics near the restrooms for a little history.
We took a seat at The Mayhaw Bar and enjoyed several great cocktails. The bartender (Derek I believe) was super friendly. These guys make all their mixers (ginger beer, fruit juices, etc) fresh on a daily basis and the liquor is all quality stuff.
I ordered a bowl of Shrimp Pho from T2 Streetfood. The chef was very friendly and quick. The pho was outstanding - the fried shallots and cilantro shined through. My wife ordered a quarter Muffuletta from Fete au Fete. She said it was good but not the best she's had...she likes Central Grocery in the quarter and Anthony's in Baton Rouge better.
Next time we come, I plan to try the empanadas from Empanola.Beautiful, naturally lit, and tasty. Definitely try the elote. It's delicious. But, there's a little bit of everything so take a stroll through before you settle in. 
I love any place you can meet up with girlfriends or get cozy with your boo, and this fits the bill. :)Let me first say that, living in St. Roch, this place has caused a lot of hard feelings.  It used to be a real seafood market that locals went to to get their fish and shrimp.  Before they renovated it (using public funds), they asked us in surveys over and over again what we wanted in the neighborhood, and we said:  a local seafood market and affordable fresh groceries, over and over again, loud and clear.  Then, they completely ignored us.  (Why did they even bother asking?)  Put in some extremely overpriced groceries and filled the rest of the place with high-end food & expensive drinks catering to tourists.  
That said, the food IS good, and there is a great advantage to this place when you have out-of-town guests (and who doesn't over Mardi Gras?)-- you can bring everyone here and they can all get what they want, you can try something new, like the AMAZING Haitian food at Fritai, and then you can all eat together.  You can also bring your dogs to the patio.  Also, while I am really not happy with the gentrification of the neighborhood (seems everything now is for tourists and not for locals), they did have the consideration to put in a little parking lot so people living on St. Roch can still park in front of their houses.
There are now three fancy, expensive places to eat on this block:  the St. Roch Market, the Spotted Cat, and Morrow's.  Of the three, as frustrated as we are that the Market is not anything like the market we were promised, it has the lowest prices of the three, and the most options for both tourists wanting to try New Orleans food and locals wanting to explore something new.After seeing the reviews and checking out the website, I imagined this as another "Oxbow Market" like Napa has or Quincy Market in Boston.... spacious, laid-out well, little shops and tons of people.  I was disappointed.  It is loud and cramped, with TONS of people.  The vendors all just use white-boards to tell us what their company is called and what they are selling.  Parking was a hassle.  I would not feel safe in this neighborhood if I were alone.  I felt so overwhelmed inside we left without purchasing anything.  The building itself is beautiful, and I can see that if vendors stay, it would look great with nice, properly made signs.  The produce was slim-pickins, but people seemed to be there for the pre-made stuff, anyway.  They have some delicious looking wines and food and maybe if I were in the right mood for it, it would be wonderful to snack at one of the tables or outside on the front or back patio, but it just feels so BUSY and out of place in that area (and I know New Orleans is a crazy city of juxtaposition, but this was over the top out of place).This a great market. Beautiful architecture and atmosphere. Lots of great options and prices. Definitely recommend going here.St Roch was a great little night out! Loved the concept of multiple options. I had the crab cake and then a collard bowl..plenty of food and only spent about $25..I also had the peanut butter pie and it was TO DIE FOR!Amazing Haitian food! Love the trendy vibe and mixed selection here. It's affordable and a great spot to do a meal before heading out for the night! Cute spot to sample a bunch of things. There's also a bar there but we brought our own booze to enjoy, discretely, while we ate!