No one to seat you, although the sign says wait to be seated. Bartender told us to find a table, we did and waited about 15min before leaving. The hotel was noisy and this restaurant opens out to the hotel lobby. disappointingThis place is just okay, but definitely overpriced! I have ordered from the twice. Both times I ordered the club which is about $15. 
First time was good...nothing exceptional a basic club. The fries where the real star of the show. Very crispy and seasoned! 
Second time I ordered not so great. Definitely not $15 for a club. Fries were soggy(they didn't sit, I was there when the order was ready).  The size of the club was strange. They had 2 normal size portion and 2 bite size. It looked like an appetizer. So I looked at the larger sizes thinking maybe they just cut the other size larger...nope it was normal. Strange! So I got about 3 sides of a club all together.??Not  impressed at all! I ordered the Uptown Shrimp & Drew Bries. I didn't like the Drew Bries at all! Too sweet which is a weird combination for a grilled cheese but I decided to try something different. The Uptown shrimp was just ok. Not enough flavor on the shrimp. I did enjoy the Cucumber Margarita however. Other than that, nothing to see here folks! lolMy wife and I stopped here for a quick lunch. I have to say that we both were pleasantly surprised by how great this place was! 
We both shared the wedge salad and got individual orders of the three-cheese grilled cheese with fries and tomato soup. I was blown away at how fantastic each item was. 
I would definitely come here anytime, so I was surprised how few people were eating there at that time. Check it out...you won't be disappointed!Menu is good but the service is a little slow. It is in a hotel lobby, doesn't make a difference, but seems like the effort is lacking a bit. Sandwiches are good, small beer selection, but a full bar.Walked by this place on our way to the Supernatural convention and figured you can't go wrong with grilled cheese and drinks. We were right! The food is fantastic, atmosphere is great and the bartender, Abraham, is awesome. He has totally made our trip and we will be back to see him.The food was solid. Nothing "special" just good. The service staff on the other hand was cold and just plain rude. Didn't engage in any type of conversation let alone what I needed. I had to flag down my server, who was busy talking to another employee, any time I needed something. I'll go spend 40 bucks on grilled cheese sandwich lunches somewhere elseMediocre food. The standard (regular grilled cheese and soup) was not worth $13. The worst part was carol, the bartender. She was very rude, unhappy, and seemed incredibly annoyed to be at work. Don't waste your time.While the food is okay, the service was absolutely lacking. Our food was "backed up" when there were four occupied tables. Waitress disappeared for at least 5 minutes at a time.Waited 35 minutes not greeted by the restaurant folks.  Went to hotel desk to get someone to take order. 
At least the stack was delious.You don't really realize there is a restaurant separate  from the hotel here which takes away from the ambience. The steak cheese melt was rather greasy, however the French 75 was on point. I sat at the bar where the service was pretty good from a very chatty bartender. I'm not sure I would sit anywhere else given that I only saw about 2 other wait staff.A 10 year old could make a grilled cheese sandwich just like the ones we had from here. However, the tomato soup was awesome! Service was terrible. The restaurant is located inside a hotel lobby bar. Not what I expected for a restaurant setting.This place is the best!!! The food is A+ and the service was spectacular. Shaun, the bartender, and Victoria, my waitress, were top notch! If you miss this culinary experience in NOLA, then you're missing out. The tomato soup, uptown shrimp grilled cheese, and Shaun's specialty Long Island are the best in town! Make sure to make this hidden treasure a stop while you're in NOLA!! I'll definitely be making a return trip whenever I'm in town.This place was amazing to eat, I have the grilled cheese with turkey, fig jam and bacon. I left feeling like I should have eaten two. Reason I didn't give them five stars, my fries were cold.Probably some of the worst service I have ever had. We came in to eat and the waiter audibly grumbled the whole meal because my party of three and several other customers came at the same time. We were also half way through our meal before they gave us our drinks (all we asked for was water!). I have never felt less welcomed at a restaurant.I grabbed a quick meal to go while in town for a conference. I got the wedge salad and tomato soup. The salad was nice, with plenty of shrimp. Unfortunately my tomato soup was stone cold when I opened it (I only walked across the street to my hotel). The flavor was good, but cold soup is not.Excellent food!  Fig sauce and turkey was amazing. Awkward space in the lobby of a hotel.  No waitstaff and the bartender fails to mention this each time.  Not quite a restaurant.  Not quite a bar.  But have a grilled cheese despite the lack of a service plan... they're delicious.Sandwich was just okay, but the tomato soup was fantastic. Service was terrible, unfortunately.It was convenient and really good!  The fries were amazing, but mine were seasoned much less than my mine so that's the reason for the 4 stars.  Service was good, they had local craft beer which was fabulous, and it was close to the convention center. 
At first we weren't sure how to go in, we were expecting a door from the street but you have to enter through the hotel. We felt pretty stupid for not knowing that and walked back and forth a couple of times before we realized it.Nondescript lobby restaurant in the Embassy Suites but don't let that stop you. Good beer selection, lots of grilled cheese sandwich varieties, several other things on the menu as well.Pleasantly surprised by this place! I'm not usually excited about food inside hotels, and was skeptical walking into the restaurant that seemed to be stand alone from Embassy Suites from the outside. Standard grilled cheese with tomato soup was great!! They made grilled cheese on wheat "no problem" which was nice. All food was hot. It was nice to have a simple comfortable meal for lunch.The menu descriptions sounded amazing so went to get a stack and tomato bisque. When I got home I was very disappointed by my grilled cheese. Could have made a better one at home. Flat, dry, and cold. For a place that bills itself as a grilled cheese bar no bueno. You can get a way better grilled cheese at Between the Bread.....unfortunately they are not open past 3pm. My sandwich also came with the bisque and fries. I got 10 cold fries. At least the soup was good. I'd go back just for a bowl of the soup, but that is it. $14 for my meal plus tip....save your money and make your own grilled cheese. 
Service was okay, not rude, not great. In all fairness it was about 45 min. before closing so I assume they just wanted to close up and go home. I had a friend in town that wanted to try this place, but after I went solo I will not be taking any friends there. Way too many other yummy places to spend your money in the city. 
They are located in a hotel, so I can see where they don't have to put much effort into their meals as they will always have guests looking for a quick bite. I guess if I was a guest in the hotel and didn't want to leave it would suffice.I enjoyed the Turkey with Fig Jam Grilled Cheese. I would go back #eatingwithchefseanI think my hopes for this place were a little too high. This restaurant is more like an over-priced panini place, not a grilled cheese bar. My boyfriend ordered completely right and I ordered completely wrong. I got the Stacks Beef Patty Melt with Gumbo. The hamburger was dry on the melt and the fries are limp and soggy. I'm not a gumbo expert, but it tasted like they cut up hot dog and threw it in some warm gravy. My boyfriend ordered the turkey and fig melt, which was so good we wanted to buy some fig jam to make our own. He also got the Creole tomato soup, which was perfect for dipping my dry patty melt in. Would go back to try some of the others, but there are way better eats in New Orleans.If you are staying at the hotel and it's raining out start here to eat. Food wasn't horrible. But the sandwiches are considerably more costly than the other grilled cheese places and not better in taste. A new black bean came with very little cheese so that was was essentially just plain bread stuffed w spicy black beans. Even too much beans for this vegetarian. Fries were surprisingly good. Swapping soup or salad would be $2 more in top of $13? I'm not paying $15 for beans, toast and lettuce. The atmosphere is def more bar than restaurant and the server/bar tended was not friendly.Hotel restaurant, decent location, staff is friendly, but not terribly attentive. We were the only people in the place during a visit last month. Ran out of beverages and had to track down a server. Otherwise - good if trying to stay on property, go out if you have time.Solid grilled cheese restaurant in the warehouse district! My 2 friends and I came in here and split 2 of their standards, which was a 3 cheese grilled cheese with a creole tomato soup and fries ($12). We were very happy with our lunch! I liked the grilled cheese but I loved the tomato soup and fries! It was plenty of food and we all left full/ very happy! The only thing that was a little weird to me was that it is in the lobby of the embassy suites. This wasn't really an issue since it wasn't too busy but just something to keep in mind when you come here. Definitely recommend! I'll be back to try some of their other delicious sounding options!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4.5 stars (a little pricy but you get soup and fries with the standard so it made it worth it!) 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 3.5 starsThere's a new craze hitting the New Orleans food scene: fancy grilled cheese sandwiches. Needless to say, I totally approve.
Stacks might not be the "big cheese" when it comes to grilled cheese places in this town, but they have some really good stuff that left me satisfied. Stacks is located in the bar area of the Embassy Suites on Julia. It's the hotel restaurant, which is enough to make me stay at Embassy Suites every weekend for the rest of my life.
We sat down at a table and the bartender came over with menus. I decided to get the Turkey and figs which is a sandwich that leans toward the sweeter side with turkey, fig jam, bacon, cheddar and gouda. My friend got the Drew Bries which came packed with apple, bacon, praline and brie. We decided to do the "split" so we could each try a half of a sandwich.
I loved mine! It was the perfect combo of savory and sweet and I could easily enjoy this as a yummy breakfast sandwich. The Drew Bries was okay, but I found it to be a little too cheese heavy for my taste. I think it need a more substantial meat than bacon to even it out. Both sandwiches came with shoestring fries and the whole meal was delightful. Overall I liked both sandwiches, but when I go back I am definitely getting my Turkey and figs again.I got the standard and my husband got the big bleu. The food was pretty good! I love me a good grilled cheese. The fries were delicious! It did take us awhile to get our food and there were only two other tables there at the same time as us (my understanding is the kitchen also caters the room service for the hotel??). Our server would disappear for 5-10 minutes at a time and we had to ask for refills on our drinks. I wouldn't come here if you're in a rush, but it was clean, quiet and the food was pretty good!One word: Mmmmmmmmm! Soooo good! With the cold weather now peeking through, this is a perfect combination. We had The Standard which is a grilled cheese with 3 cheeses and fresh tomato soup and Uptown Shrimp which is a grilled cheese with shrimp. Both beyond delicious. But the tomato soup? That takes the cake!I came here during lunch hour on a Tuesday and you could hear a pin drop. The staff was friendly enough. I ordered the Drew Brie's grilled cheese and fries. The food was greasy and heavy. And for the most part, pretty bland. I would not go here again.Ordered the Stacker Melt which is described as beef, onion rings, cheddar and havarti; they failed to mention the beef is a premade soy/possibly beef patty.  Server disappeared, another waitress had to bring the bill after it took over 20 minutes to even get this so-called grilled cheese. Very poor management. Will not returnWent to Stacks for lunch before heading to the airport at the end of our trip.  It is in the lobby of the Embassy Suites and this adds an upscale style to a homey menu.  Our waitress quickly took our drink orders.  I had a Pimm's Cup and it was one of the best cocktails I've had.  Simple ingredients, but well combine.
My Mom ordered the standard (3 cheese grilled cheese and creole tomato soup) and I had the Big Blue.  The standard was really good and my mom is still raving about the tomato soup.  Mine was delicious as well.  There was just enough buffalo sauce, but not too much to make the sandwich soggy.  I really liked the combo of the havarti and the blue cheese.  The havarti helps to cut some of the tanginess which is great.
For me this is a place that has focused on a culinary niche and is intently dedicated to doing it well.  Nice work Stacks!$15 for a grilled cheese and fries? The menu looked great and fancy grilled cheeses are fun, so I thought 'why not?'
Big mistake though... The buffalo chicken version came with a thin, seemingly frozen chicken pattie, with a thin layer of buffalo sauce and one thin slice of cheese. The bread seemed was regular white bread from a bag-- NOT local brioche as advertised.
On top of that, the fries were frozen versus hand cut, were not very fresh, and the service was disappointing. I was placing a to-go order and the bartender seemed like I was an inconvenience to her more than a paying customer. And they weren't even busy.
Oh well, lesson learned. It may be advertised one way, but the actual product is something totally different.If you're in New Orleans, set aside the beignets and seafood, and check this place out! It is a New Orleans hidden gem in my book! 
First off, this place is inside the Embassy Suites, but don't let that deter you! I had my favorite meal at this place during my recent visit to NOLA! Myself and 2 friends were staying at the Courtyard Marriot right across the street and decided to give this place a try. We walked in about 4pm and there wasn't a soul in the restaurant or bar... Which I found surprising. We picked a table and our waitress immediately had menus in our hands. 
My friends and I all ordered the Standard, which is a three cheese "stack" (sandwich), that comes with hand cut fries and a bowl of creole tomato soup, topped with crime fraiche. The food was brought to our table in a very timely manner. The taste was out of this world amazing. Folks, this place knows how to make a grilled cheese sandwich! It was the single best grilled cheese I've ever had. The creole tomato soup was very good, different from your normal tomato soup, but very good. The hand cut fries were simply fabulous. I was completely stuffed after I ate my meal.  You also really can't beat the price. I got my entire meal for about $15, and that was including the tip! 
Seriously, if you're in NOLA GO TO STACKS!!!! You won't regret it!Awesome! I love the concept of a grilled cheese place. The combos they offer are imaginative and delicious!! When we couldn't decide, the waitress offered some great insights and opinions. We went with her suggestions and were super happy we did!! Bring your appetite guys, this place is filling!!
You can't go wrong with the shrimp grilled cheese or the turkey and fig. 
A tiny bit pricey, but worth it!!Stopped in with my family for a quick lunch. There were plenty of tvs (which was great b/c the euro cup was on). Really enjoyed my turkey and fig grilled cheese, but my brother was underwhelmed by his "standard".The food is great. Really good soups and sandwiches. The only drawback is that it's more of a bar that serves food than a restaurant. There are not really tables or wait staff, just bartenders. That said, it is a good addition to the New Orleans grilled cheese scene!Went splitskies on Turkey Fig and Chicken Bleu Stacks... Amazing! It was experience. Worth it.As we walked in I was quickly underwhelmed by the atmosphere. I expected it to be empty because we showed up between 2:00PM and 2:15PM, and it was, which was fine. But it is essentially just part of the lobby of the hotel, no real division from the check-in area. 
We approached the bar where only one patron was seated.The bartender saw us and asked, "what can I do for you?" in more of a 'what are you doing here' tone than a hospitable tone. We asked for menus, received them promptly, and then the bartender disappeared.After a while we noticed that there was another employee cleaning up the bar area, and after at least five minutes of us waiting for her to take our order she announced to us that the bartender would be back shortly. I noticed that she had an Embassy Suites logo on her shirt so I don't think she was really supposed to be taking orders for the restaurant which is understandable.Eventually the Food and Beverage Supervisor showed up and asked if we had been helped. We said no, and she took our order immediately (buffalo wings for an appetizer, the Uptown Shrimp Stack, and a Club sandwich for dinner, and two waters). After she gave us our waters, the bartender came back and the F&B Supervisor said that the bartender would be taking care of us from then on.
Our appetizers and sandwiches arrived all at once, which anyone who has ever worked in food service knows is not supposed to happen, but I digress. The buffalo wings were good, and I immediately tried to dip one of my many (delicious) fries into my silver shot glass of ketchup. I say tried because I was unsuccessful at dipping it. The ketchup had been sitting out for so long that a skin had formed on top of it that was strong enough to deflect my french fry :( Both of our containers had this problem. I had to wait longer than usual to catch the attention of our bartender because she was so engrossed in her conversation with the only other patron there. Eventually I flagged her down and she came back (a whole walk down the bar) and I explained our ketchup issue. She grumbled something to prove that it wasn't her fault and the waitress always does this to the ketchup (not sure who "the waitress" was, since our food was brought out by the F&B manager who took our order), and she left to take the ketchup shot glasses back to the kitchen and retrieve fresh ketchup.
As far as the food goes, I'll probably never order the shrimp there again. It was tiny, probably frozen, and it was an embarrassment to the title "NOLA Barbecue". It was closer to blackened than anything, but even that is a stretch. Again, the fries were good and plentiful, and the flavor of the wings was great. The club sandwich was supposed to come on Texas toast, and it did not. The wings and my sandwich were both $13 each which is absurd, and the club was $14. Definitely not worth the price for any of it. All in all, I was pretty disappointed and probably will not return.Worst salad I have ever had in my life..sooo over priced and very bland..my BF had the Cesar salad with chicken and the chicken was so hard and rubbery it was disgusting!!! Save your money and do not order the salads!!! $34 for 2 salads is insane!!!What a MAJOR let down!
When I was in NOLA last year this place wasn't opened and I was excited to see it was this time!
Little did I know it is located inside the Embassy Hotel. That should have been red flag number 1!
Luckily we had time to spare bc it took about 40 mins for our food to come out. I ordered the turkey and fig and am still wondering where the fig jam was.... my friend got the standard and it was not good. The bread was half stale and it lacked any flavor. 
Even thou you may think it may be better if you try it, chances are it won't!Sloooooowwww Service.
Waited at least 30 minutes for our food, then when it was brought out the waiter brought me the wrong dish. He tried to convince me to eat the dish he brought out. After our meal, it took about an hour to bring out our checks.
Food was bland, and they were out of cheese curds. Cooler was broke as well so there was no cold beer. 
Not worth the money.We had the wedge salad with shrimp remoulade, and the standard grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup. Everything was prepared perfectly . I thought hubby would lick the plate and the soup was up there with the best  I have had . Bartender was friendly and gave us some recommendations on local favorite restaurants. My Bloody Mary was spicy and delicious. Will be back for sure!Went for lunch. Bartender walked off for about 5 minutes without taking our order. When we finally got our food, my wife's dish was just some boiled veggies with some microwaved cheese on top, and my patty melt, as in the entire made sandwich, had somehow been setting out for a while, being both dry and cool to the touch.Surprisingly really good food. Located inside the lobby of the Embassy Suites, so if you dont want to go too far, then this is your spot. They dont have a huge menu, but do yourself a favor and grab one of the grilled cheese sandwiches... that's what they're known for, right? Service is always spot-on, even during happy hour. Be sure you just go ahead and sit anywhere once you get there or else you'll be waiting a while. We tried calling for room service, but no luck... this was their downfall. One, maybe two people are actually working at a time at this place(so it seems), so you're better off just going down to the lobby yourself to order food.Delicious!! Great food connected to the hotel, my son is a grilled cheese Conosouur and he approves! Kid friendly and the veggies are delicious!!Nola Nachos: canned cheese with stale chips and spoiled crawfish. Couldn't leave fast enough.This was a nice little place for a quick bite.  The drinks were good (I had a hurricane), service was friendly, and food was good.  I had wanted the turkey fig grilled cheese, unfortunately they were out of fig.  I can't remember the name of the sandwich I ended up having, but it had bacon, apples, and praline sauce.  The sandwich was good, perhaps slightly over grilled.  The fries were delicious!  Hot and perfectly seasoned!  Would come back if I were here longer.I asked the server if I could just get a grilled cheese sandwich, but he said it comes with fries and tomato soup (there is no option for just a sandwich).  I took the meal to my hotel room instead of eating in the dining area.  The sandwich was greasy, the soup had no seasoning (like watery tomato sauce) and the fries were just okay.  There are many wonderful culinary experiences to be had in NOLA, but this is not one of them!I came in here either Saturday or Sunday evening around 9:00pm.  There were 2 customers at the bar already drinking their drinks and the bartender was chatting with them.  Other than that, the bar was empty.  The bartender watched me walk up to the bar.
I walked up to the other end of the counter and stood there waiting for the girl/bartender to acknowledge me.  For approx FIVE minutes I stood there, like an idiot, looking her way without any sort of acknowledgement from her.  I stood there listening to the girl/bartender talking the poor customer's ears off (their body language was saying that they didn't want to hear her anymore) about some major drama centered around her kid's birthday party (I didn't care enough to retain the details), the whole time playing with her cell phone in a hot pink case.  A couple of times she had walked over near my direction, each time failing to acknowledge that I was there - yes, she knew that I was standing there, clearly waiting for her.  The bar's phone rang while I was there and she ignored that as well.  Finally, I walked away.
I was so excited to find this restaurant that serves grilled cheese and was super excited to come in the next afternoon while the restaurant part was open to order a meal.  This "bartender" caused this establishment to lose a customer.  All she had to do was glance over at me and crack a smile.  She did not.Amazing food! We had the Big Bleu and it was one of the tastiest sandwiches I've ever had! Also had the club. Not bad but not anything to write home about. The Creole tomato soup is a wonderful compliment to any sandwich. The staff was not very friendly and it took a little bit longer than I was okay with to receive my food after I order. Overall a great experience.Service was bad. Did not get what was ordered. the five people at our table got our meals at different times that were are much as 30 minutes apart.Great grilled cheese with shrimp! Worth a stop. No need to say more. Good service too.Don't be fooled - this is just a hotel quick-eats spot that seems to be trying to capitalize on concept of great grilled cheese. 
I waited forever to be given a menu. Got what sounded like a great meal - the stacked (3 cheese and tomato bisque). Came out and wasn't even fully melted so you could see the routine slice of cheese, routine white bread (think Denny's), a couple of fries, and a small cup of soup. The soup was decent and admittedly I didn't want a big portion as I was about to head out to the airport, but overall - this was very routine.Let me preface this with my deep regret for not having pictures to include with this review. I know it shouldn't be so but I feel often without pictures the validity will be questioned. As we hear so frequently....
"Pictures or it didn't happen!"
Let's begin. Stack is in the lobby of the Embassy Suites if you don't already know. That in it self gave me low expectations. To be honest, I didn't want to even try but we were desperate for food at the time that didn't require an hour plus of wait time to be seated. (NFC Championship day). The menu is very tourist centered, as it should be given the location, but we knew better. One of my friends wanted a meat free meal so I ordered the Garden Melt entree ($12). My other friend and I decided to share the crawfish nachos. I will admit I made the mistake of assuming the Garden Melt was a sandwich, but for $12 I did not expect microwaved vegetable with a few mozzarella shreds on top. 
To create a visual since I don't have pictures think of the frozen Birds Eye or Green Giant vegetables that can be steamed by putting them in the microwave for a few minutes. Now throw some mozzarella shreds on top.      They didn't even bother to drain the excess liquid. As for the nachos, they poured warm, nacho cheese on a bed of chips then added what seemed to be crawfish tails with black beans and a cut up sausage. We are going strictly on taste because it looked mostly like re-fried black beans put in a skillet with the other ingredients. The concession stand grade nacho cheese made the chips soggy. It made me so sad this was my friend's introduction to food in New Orleans.
One positive thing was when I told the waiter the 'Garden Melt' was unacceptable they swapped it with the Classic because it was the same price. 
I fault myself for this awful experience because I shouldn't have even tried. However I'd like to keep other people from wasting their time and money.Chef Menteur sandwich was extremely greasy to the point where I only took one bite. Bloody Mary was nasty. Cheese curds were decent. Fries were bad. Everything was overpriced.We saw this place driving in to NOLA from the airport and thought how wonderful it'd be!  Who doesn't love grilled cheese?!?! I thought it couldn't be made wrong until now. Waited forty minutes for food, only for it to come out cold with stale bread and hardened cheeses. On top of that service wasn't that great either. Won't be back.The sandwich was good. Had a chicken in buffalo sauce with Blue cheese.  Pretty good.  The Cajun tomato soup was very good. I would have it every time.  Downside was that it was more costly than I should be for a grilled cheese sandwich.In the lobby of the Embassy Suites, cheese is on the bill of fare so let's eat.
Curds or sandwich both on the menu comfort food is the key to this venue
Full bar too to complement the fromage. TV is on but no Nikki Minaj.
Curd basket share with two or more. Grilled cheese and soup for one is a score
Crowded only on big event days, like when the Tide or Saints are in play
Service has been good on my two trips, and I make it known with above average tips.
More than just cheese so stop in and see, maybe you will even sit down by me. 
3.5 is a better rating but Yelp has no halfs so please no hating.Sitting at the bar with a few of my buddies in NOLA, we decided to order some grilled cheese and some finger foods. Located right in our hotel, it was the most convenient option before going out.
So its a grilled cheese, basic food. I did not have high expectations but was glad with the food that I had ordered. We ordered a basic grilled cheese some onions rings and some french fries. For bar food, it was not bad at all. Just a bit overpriced hence why I gave it three stars. The servers are the staff at the bar so they are attentive!We walked past the sign and expected a nice grilled cheese, especially for the price. However, we got a semi above average grilled cheese. And the beef grilled cheese we expected slices of steak or something for the $14 price but received 2 full hamburger patty's in the center. It's ok, but not worth it for the price and in New Orleans there are far better places to eat. Great service though, the people were very friendly.Went to stacks for lunch. Food was service was awesome. We had the standard, boudin balls, and gumbo and all were fantastic!!!Despite some of the bad reviews, my visit was actually pretty pleasant. We sat ourselves during lunch and a waitress came over to service our table not long after. She kindly went over the menu with me and shared which sandwiches were the most popular. I went with turkey and fig grilled cheese which also had bacon. Man it was sooooo good!  The bread was grilled to perfection with a warm buttery flavor. My friend went with the Drew Brie's (Brees)...get it?  Hahaha. It had some sort of praline sauce they drizzle atop but she got it on the side thank goodness because it would've overpowered the flavor of her sandwich which had apples, bacon, and Brie cheese on buttery grilled bread. The fries were seasoned to perfection and tasted great without ketchup. Honestly we could've shared a sandwich as they were plentiful with the fries. It was a great lunch after walking around the convention center for a few hours for the Essence Festival. Anywho, give them a try. You enter through Embassy Hotel.The logo of a sandwich in the front window of Stacks Grilled Cheese Bar tempted us inside.  It seemed like good place for a casual bite to eat.  We placed our orders at a bar lined with TVs screens and didn't have to wait long for our food to arrive.
Chicken & Andouille Gumbo
You can tell how good a movie is going to be by watching the previews.  In the same vein, I can usually tell how good the entrée will be on the strength of the starter soup.  The gumbo was ok but I've definitely had better elsewhere.  Let's just say it didn't leave me looking forward to the other dishes.
Uptown Shrimp
To my surprise this was one of the better grilled cheese sandwiches I've tasted in while.  New Orleans BBQ shrimp, Havarti and Pepper Jack cheeses were pressed between crisp, locally-made brioche.  The spiced shrimp and creamy cheese were a memorable combination...very flavorful.  Unfortunately it wasn't my entrée so all I got was a bite. 
Pastalaya
Mental note to self.  When you ask the server how the dish is and he responds, "It made it through three rounds of tastings to make it to the final restaurant menu" that should not be taken as a green light to order it.  The Pastalaya isn't worth talking about.  I should have known better than to order something other than a grilled cheese sandwich at a grilled cheese bar.  Lesson learned.
We both enjoyed conversation with the bartender, Shaun.  (If you feel like you know him from somewhere, he is often mistaken for three different SNL personalities.  He'll only tell you if you can guess.)  We intended to pop in and out but stayed longer chatting with him.  
The dishes we tried in order of best to worst were the Uptown Shrimp, Chicken & Andouille Gumbo and Pastalaya but nothing we tasted changed our lives.  In order to dine at Stacks Grilled Cheese Bar again I'd have to order different items from the menu.Food was okay, but way overpriced for the portions and quality. I wouldn't bother eating here again.We tried the gumbo, turkey n' figs stack as well as the club. Food not overly memorable but it wasn't bad. Location was convenient for us. Our waitress was efficient and friendly.Stacks grilled cheese sandwich was good but the service was bad. I do not understand how the place took sooo long for my friend and I to receive our tab to close out. I had to walk up and ask someone for them and they were not even busy in there. I seriously did not enjoy the poor service, they completely forgot to make my friends drink so we had ask again, where that item was. I felt like everything was so slow. Considering there are plenty of places in New Orleans to try food and have a good time, I will be better off somewhere else.This place top to bottom was the epitome of restaurant incompetence. I was hoping for a quick bite and I sat down at the bar for quicker service. I ordered a plain grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup and asked for my fries to be cooked extra crispy. 10 minutes later I overheard the bartender asking the server to check with the kitchen because of a printer issue. No problem. I never heard whether my meal would be late but after another 10 minutes I'm told about the issue and told it should be up soon. Another 10 minutes and finally my plain grilled cheese arrives with soggy fries. Typically I would just ask them to make it correct and chalk it up to another mistake but nobody seemed interested in checking back on me or making eye contact. I guess we were done. I Put a $20 on the bar to cover my meal and tip and walked out. During my 35 minutes there I witnessed 2 other groups complaining about their to go orders taking too long and 1 family of 4 get up and leave because no one had greeted their table after they were waiting patiently for 5+ minutes (there were only 2 other tables in the whole place). I Saw a what seemed to be a manager when I first sat down but never again after that. I NEVER review on Yelp and typically don't put a lot of stock in reviews but I suggest you find somewhere else to dine.