Good basic huge burger. Friendly service. Good wings. Tasty tea. Good variety of hot sauces. Good for kids. Off the beaten path but worth the drive if you wanna get away from the tourist areas. Hot food and fast. Clean restaurant.Best smoked mozzarella sticks I've ever had, and a surprisingly delicious burger! What a gem.Maybe we should have just stuck with the pizza.
We did take-out chicken parmigiana for the grownups and spaghetti with meatballs for the kiddos.  
Meatballs were RAW in the middle.  Not just undercooked or a little pink.  We're talking RAW.  
Chicken parmigiana, advertised as "lightly breaded," was the worst I've ever had.  You know how chicken tastes when you cook it way too long?  And you know when the meat-to-fried-bread ratio is all wrong?  As in "I'm sure there's some chicken around here somewhere..."?  Combine them with a barely noticeable slice of apparently cheese-type substance, and you get this masterpiece.
This was just awful.  
Judging by the other comments, the pizza must be better than what we ordered.  We won't be back to try.Most excellent.   I got delivery!  Timely. Tasty. Hot.
     So glad I finally am eating Good pizza from my hood.  Alfredo, chicken parm, fresh basil n pineapple.  Artichoke appetizer called yum yums.  Perfect description.  
I am a happy customer!!Let's start out saying I used to love this place..big Kahana burgers and the Billy something pizza..it's been awhile since I ordered, obviously..well let's get down to it..our house is under 4 mins from the place..we all had a long day and just wanted delivery..it started out ok..got the food it was like warm, whatever we where so hungry..then I see my card was overcharged by $10..hold up what happen I don't give tips on the card, I always give cash..as called them..I was told that never happened even tho it's right there on the text from the bank..then  to top things off the driver said you didn't even tip me, I gave him $10..lies lies baby..so I think delivery is permently out and I really don't know if I'll even go pickup food..wish the owner would step up and tell these delivery driver that's credit card fraud, they can going to jail..so I got free luke warm meal and hopefully they've learned a lesson about trying to steal from customers..thank Chase bank for having my back..Best pie in town. 
As a testament, if it's still great cold out of the fridge the next day, you know they're doing something right.Delicious! 
Pizza - awesome
Artichoke yum yums - awesome
Chicken pot pie - awesome
Prices - awesome
Staff - awesomeI don't know that this place could exist anywhere but the Bywater. A strange combo of hipster hangout, NOLA-style gastropub, courtyard tikki bar, and reasonably-priced better-than-decent grub. I'm particularly impressed with the tuna steak sandwich...it's only $8.50, dressed with wasabi mayonnaise, and served with a choice of side. I've had the macaroni & cheese and the french fries--the mac & cheese isn't your typical greasy bake and it has a nice peppery spice to it. The french fries are hand cut, but are unfortunately often over- or under-cooked. The waitstaff is super friendly and generous with extra dipping sauces for the fries. For such a small place they have an impressive variety of beer on tap, and the entree plates are HUGE and again, cheaper than you'd expect, even in the Bywater.Service kind of sucks but I love their pesto tomato pizza so much that I have to keep coming back. Their wedge fries are good too but I think they could use more creative dipping sauces.I dont get why thisplace has great reviews.. I never been to the place itself but got delivery and it arrived on time and it was hot... I got the potato wedges wich were ok, accompained with the chipotle ranch dressing wich was good. When it comes to the most important thing wich is the pepperoni pizzza it was just bad. What type of cheese do they use?? Is not good at all, the texture isjust weird. And the dough its EXTREMLY greasy. if I had known that Pizza delicious makes deliveries i would have gotten that instead, cus theyr stuff is good. I didnt even finished a slice... So My friend went to throw the whole thing out and instead gave it to some people otside of JJ's so definitly no ordering againduring our month long stay we visited several times. It's the ONLY place that was open and serving food Mardi Gras day (it was cold and rainy this year) and one of the only locations that actually delivers. 
The pepperoni pizza was yummy and we are from NYC so that means something to us. The baked potato was ok, filling and the burger was good too. 
The spot is sort of small, has two outdoor seating areas and stairs to enter so not wheelchair accessible. There seems to only be one or two staff folks working each night we've gone so service is good, but not super "fast" all the time.
Brunch is delicious and one of our favorite meals while in NOLA.One year later..Amazing veggie burger! Everything we've tried here over our 4 visits has been perfectly prepared. Yesterday we had the Mac and cheese which tasted like homemade and reminded me of my Granny. We love this place, and while we are not staying in the neighborhood this trip it's well worth the walk.I absolutely love this place.  Never had a meal that wasn't fantastic.  In addition to having great pizza the rest of the menu is also really good. If they have peanut butter pie, you absolutely must get it.  Very lovely staff in addition to great food.Harp on tap was the best thing about this place. Pizza was a little burnt and greeeeaaaassyy, Haven't eaten anything that heavy for some time.ZOMG.  
Cheesy Artichoke Balls fried to perfection with a spicy marinara? 
Check!
Tasty-Gooey-Delicious Provolone smothering perfectly spiced VEG 'Meat'balls on toasty french bread?
Check!
A 'side' (slammin' BOWL full) of crispy baked mac 'n cheese along with above-mentioned sammich?
Check!
Light, Crispy, New York-Style Pizza Crust (with cornmeal!) topped with a fan-friggin-tastic spicy-sweet sauce and tremendously delish goat cheese, 'shrooms, spinach, and melty, not-too-greasy cheese?
Check!
Blackthorn Cider...on DRAUGHT???
Check!
Super Awesome Waiter, Fast and Friendly Service?
Check!
Go here.  Now.I had one of the best bacon cheeseburgers in my life at Sugar Park. Cooked to perfection with thick cut bacon. Also tried a slice of excellent pizza. This place has the food for 5 stars but needs a little help in the decor department.I would happily give this place 5 stars if they went back to the old happy hour where you BOGO of any beer or wine, but now it's just BOGO PBR and I think Miller Lite (or something like that). That's my only complaint.
Otherwise, I LOVE all of their food. I hear from others all of their burgers are good, but my favorite is the Jamaican Veggie Burger and I can't bring myself to try something new. I did have the spaghetti and veggie "meat"balls, which was quite good, but the veggie meatballs were a little too spicy for my tastes. 
As for atmosphere, the restaurant isn't in the best area. You might get heckled by some guys standing outside the door of the shop across the street as I have more than once. Once you get to the doorway though, you can tell you're going into a nicer place. Cute decorations, quirky furniture with cherries on the table cloths and chairs, and a friendly cat should greet you. I've only had one waiter there so far, and he is definitely a little sassy, but in the best way. He's not rude or anything like that. 
All the great food, combined with a unique atmosphere and service makes Sugar Park a place everyone can visit and have a good time. This statement would be twice as meaningful if they brought back the old happy hour. ;]Food was just okay and the server was nice enough but we found A DEAD MOUSE under our table, showed it to the server discreetly so as to not cause a scene, and all he said was, "oh okay", grabbed a napkin to throw it away, did not apologize or offer us anything. Seems gross and dirty and like that's an everyday occurrence for them.yeah I wrote this same review on the old Sugar Park page and just copied and pasted it, so sue me! It's all true still!
I no longer have to mourn northern pizza! This IS the best pizza in town, the end.  These guys really know how to do it! Also, great burgers and fries! I am sure I will eventually try everything on this menu.
p.s. I hear the delivery guy is a real looker.I love it when I have no expectations and am delightfully, positively surprised.
That's not what happened with Sugar Park.   So many high hopes, so much bitter disappointment.
It wasn't bad.  Hell, I debated the third start because it was ok even.  But when the "meh" came up while hovering over the second star, the decision became clear.
Mozzarella artichoke yum yums...pretty yummy though I felt there should have been more mozzarella or even some parm to that mix.  I'm also a saucy lass, and we got a thimbleful of sauce to parcel out to I think about 8 balls.
About the sauce.  Pizza sauce.  I like zesty.  I like spicy.  I like a hint of sweetness.   The sauce at Sugar Park completely overwhelms the other components of the pizza - and not in a good way.  It was really spicy...like we sat there wishing their a/c was cranked up a little higher spicy.  We ordered the special of the night which was prosciutto, pineapple and red pepper.   The salt of the prosciutto and sweet of the pineapple and pepper were completely lost because all we tasted was heat and cheese.  That could also be because we were lucky if there was even one pineapple chunk per slice.
But the large was indeed large (and it should be for $20), the crust thin and deliciously crispy.  It was cheesy, but as others have posted, it required napkins to sop up some of the oil/grease on top.  
So ...meh.  I'm not rushing back anytime soon.  And though they now accept credit cards, mine didn't go through so I had to skip to the little store next door to get some cash.  Still byob.This is a lovely little place that is inexpensive and has quite a nice ambiance. The menu is small, but everything I've tried is delicious. The also make one of the best Bloody Mary's in town. I highly recommend this for breakfast lunch or dinner.Called for pizza delivery to 5000 Gentilly St. They said "NO." WOW, 2.7 miles. 
ByeHad never been here before tonight but tried it with friends. Very casual, eclectic, good service. Tried some of everyting & it was all wonderful! I had burgers, salads, & pizza. All delicious.  Will definitely be back & will recommend.This review is just for their carry out pizza.  I had The Bird pizza and a cheese pizza.  This was some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  It was covered in some type of "crumbs" that I'm not sure if it was seasoning or quite what it was but it gave the pizza a really gritty texture.  There were not a lot of toppings on the pizza and the crust was thin but not in a crispy tasty way like Theo's.  Usually I get full after half of a large but I took down the entire medium Bird and then two more slices of cheese and probably was still a bit hungry.  It was Super Bowl Sunday so maybe that had something to do with it but I really didn't like the gritty "crumbs" and would definitely opt for Pizza Delicious over this in the Bywater area.I love this pizza. I loved it when the pizzeria was on France Street, I mourned its loss when the place shut down, and now I'm so excited to know that it's back. I moved away from New Orleans four years ago and didn't know that Sugar Park reopened until my boyfriend surprised me with a dinner there on a recent trip back. The new space is lovely. The server told us that, after doing a little soul searching, the owner realized that he's born to make pizza. He is 100% correct. The crust is chewy and delicious and the sauce is the best I've had. I wish I could eat it all the time. We also shared a cannoli for dessert and it was perfect. I'll return every chance I get.I would give it three and a half really. The pizza was good, not great. The crust had good flavor, but there was a little too much sauce and the sauce was a little bitter, maybe cooked first or over seasoned or something. The cheese was good and the toppings were yummy! Sugar park like many other New Orleans pizza places makes the same mistake of using corn meal to prevent the dough from sticking in the oven. This is not good with pizza and not when you have such a thin crust as they do at Sugar Park. Overall, their pizza is way better than others in town, but could be improved.My family and I come here once a week. Friday night chicken and waffles? Yes please. Is this place some swanky pretentious place? No. But its solid, the food is always on point and the waiter Richie remembers my order and my entire family's order every single time. Sugar park's black and blue burger is always fantastic- HANDS DOWN the best burger in the area.  I have also had the seared tuna salad and I have and the Jamaican Burger (yum and yum). I really really wish they would bring back the brunch because it started to have a cult following just based on word of mouth.  I LOVE Love LOVE sugarpark.Just about as good as it gets- a close tie with Pizza Delicious.  Not only is the pizza good, but the burger is very good as well.  The fries are awesome- giant, crispy steak fries.Now takes Visa and MasterCard. Thank goodness because I was straight out of cash.
Good prices.
Good staff.
Bonus: Immaculate bathroom.
They may be working on a liquor license, but for now you can bring your own, which is fantastic. Being that I like good beer, I can bring a 22 of whatever good beer I smuggle into the state and enjoy it with some fine shrimp pizza and a meatball sub. 
Do this.This was one of those moments. You have driven all over for not just an good burger but a great burger and I found it. Sugar park has the right stuff. Big juicy, hand made, delicious. They serve it on a spiral roll, which stayed together through the entire meal. Now, the pizza is my next on their menu. I hear it's great too!Quick take: we stayed 5 days in New Orleans recently, and during that time, we had Sugar Park's pizza 3 times.
We're both originally from Chicago, but relocated to L.A. a few years back, and have been jonesing for good pizza ever since. The pizza we grew up on is Chicago's "tavern style" pizza - not the deep dish goo that's sold mostly to tourists. Most native Chicagoans grew up eating this type of pizza, which is typically cut into square pieces, has a thin, moderately crisp crust, and usually features a slightly salty and spicy sauce that's spread to the very edge of the pie.
I'm not surprised that we had to cross back over the Mississippi to get a decent pizza. But I wouldn't have expected to find it steps away from the eastern shore of the 'big muddy' in New Orleans. As it turned out, we blundered into Sugar Park by chance, as it was the closest eating establishment to our accommodations.
The pizza at Sugar Park is somewhat unique in my experience. It's reminiscent of a New York style pizza, but NYC pizza purists will undoubtedly cry foul at that comparison. However you classify it, Sugar Park's pie has a moderately thin, crispy crust with a liberal dusting of cornmeal, a spicy sauce, and a modest application of cheese which helps showcase a large selection of fresh toppings. Bottom line - delicious!
I also enjoyed Sugar Park's peanut butter pie on two occasions, which was memorable.
All in all, highly recommended!Don't miss this oft overlooked gem-modern American classic and food quality and presentation consistent.  Hungry people  portions at bargain prices.  We LOVE the veggie chili (my carnivore friends are hooked) served with homemade tortilla chips. An exceptional value at $4! The wings are crispy and tasty. The burgers are big and served with large homemade potato wedges( like two pounds worth). Love the beer battered fish and chips too. We get their delivery despite being a block from our house. Lazy sometimes despite the cozy atmosphere there.Both times I've been to Sugar Park, I've sat outside on the patio which is lovely. The atmosphere is relaxing and conducive to enjoying yourself and your friends.  
The drinks are inexpensive and delicious. The servers/bartender are the owners, I think and they will make every effort to make sure that you are enjoying your food and drinks.
I've had some of the small plates/bar items (can't remember what they call them) like banh mi sliders and really enjoyed them. Their fries are delish.  My only disappointment was that my grilled tuna special had extremely overcooked tuna. So I wouldn't order that again.
Seriously a great place for a low key meal that fits within your budget.While ostensibly a pizza joint, the strongest stuff at Sugar Park is actually the sandwiches and specials menu. They've got great vegetarian options and a pretty good bar list as well. The blue cheese and bacon burger is my go-to [great bun, perfectly cooked bacon, and almost always perfectly grilled], and comes with some really decent potato-wedge style fries. 
The ambiance is really sweet, and it's a nice place to chill out and have a slow beer with friends or the romantic partner. Service is friendly and competent and I've never seen the place so crowded that I didn't feel utterly important to my waiter.
The focus on pizza feels more than a little stubborn, considering that Pizza Delicious, a total juggernaut, is in the hood, racking up fans and press plaudits. But it's a well-loved neighborhood anchor, and a welcome place to call in an order when I'm too tired to cook for myself on a weeknight.So happy we discovered this place for delivery in the Bywater! Less than $10/person makes me so happy - sometimes cooking is just not going to happen and Sugar Park delivers until 10pm! Perfect for my procrastinating, "maybe I'll start dinner in the next hour", self. I got the Veg Meatball Sandwich and hibs got a burger. My sandwich was so good, the sauce was flavorful, not too much cheese and whatever they make vegetarian meatballs with was yummy! The "fries" are more like thick potato wedges and you get plenty - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. Looking forward to trying more of their interesting veg options!The cheese had a nice one-of-a-kind sharp flavor. It reminds me of some childhood favorites. The crust is extremely crisp, and I've never experienced such an extreme amount of corn meal--very different, but good.I've had good experiences with the cheese pizza, though it is definitely too greasy and just wiping it off isn't really enough. My last pizza had too much cheese, not enough toppings (and mushrooms seemed  a little off). It actually make me feel queasy after eating. 
That said it is the best pizza option I've found i NOLA (though only better than  than Pizza Delicious because it is open regular hours and has a restaurant!). Love the cute location and menu overall, particularly the veggie options. Next time I will try something with the veggie meatballs.This place is down the street from my house, so we go in pretty often--and we love it. My boyfriend is a New Yorker and nothing else compares! Even their other food has been great whenever we've tried it, and the drink specials never disappoint-- who can hate a $10 pitcher of craft beer? Plus, the owners and staff are great all the time-- very New Orleanian service, not the hipster attitude you get at some places in the Bywater.We sampled a few pies from this landmark on St.Claude and came away underwhelmed.  They capture the East coast thin pie down, so much so that it won't support any toppings and you MUST fold a slice (hey, I've had Manhattan pie, this wasn't that).  I can appreciate a thin slice and there are several that can do it well (Theo's comes to mind), but unfortunately this pizza is way too salty and greasy to enjoy. 
 We sampled the Buffalo chicken and blue cheese and the trademark Brooklyn Bomber. The chicken pie sounds like a good pairing, but this was like tasting a packet of Catcheries it was so dry and salty; no balance to the  Buffalo sauce drenching and the strong blue cheese.  The Bomber was meh and lacked any fresh flavor. Both pies were saturated with gritty corn meal
Really wanted to like this place and the staff was more than friendly and accommodating, it just didn't leave me any reason to returnI give three of the stars for a solid pretty good meal. The veggie burger was good, if kind of crispy and falafel like on the outside. It looked like a real burger on the inside! I got the basic and G got the Jamaican but he said there was hardly any spicy sauce on his. A couple of people got the meat burgers and they seemed pretty happy. Fish and chips was ok, lot of batter. Kids got a cheese pizza and my niece ate 5 slices so it must have been good. We were a table of 10 and service was really slow. It was a parade night so I kind of get it but... The waitress was nice though and thanked us for being patient. Prices are very good- for our little family of three- 2 burgers, a fish and chips, a cocktail, 2 beers and a rootbeer- $42!
Now the fourth star- the homemade ginger syrup! The "Gingerito" is so tasty! I usually don't like mojitos- too sweet. Not this one. The ginger is so strong. It was spicy. I can't wait to try a dark and stormy. And the yumyums. Those two items have potential for me to revise this review and add a star.Great burgers and Pizza!  The small pizza is 12" and the fries are ridiculous.  Friendly service and quiet, understated ambience.  Have sent friends there who were amazed by it.  One of my favorite "off the beaten path" restaurants.So I have been to Sugar Park a few times now,  and im sure I will be back.  The main reason I only gave three stars is for the service,  some of the worst service ever.  You norm have to go ask for refills     on your drinks  and sometimes have to go to the counter to order your food.  We norm get the yums yums to start off with which  we enjoy.  I have had a burger that I thought was good.   The chicken parm  I would deff not get again Ive had way better but the pizza that I have had was good.  I like the atmosphere and how the place is layed back and your able to relax, just don't expect great service.  The staff is always friendly though.I don't go here for the pizza. It's not bad but it's not my favorite style of pie. HOWEVER! Damn near everything else on the menu is pretty righteous. The fish n chips are up there with the best I have ever had and they are served with some extremely fresh and extremely tasty tartar sauce. The burgers are juicy and huge, the husband always gets their nice thick sliced smokey bacon on top. Its unbelievable how hard it is to find good bacon in this town, Sugar Park, y'all got it right!  The salads and pasta dishes are pretty good and please don't pass up dessert. As a nice little bonus the courtyard out back is cozy and cute, staff is great, bathrooms are pristine, inside dining room is dark and intimate and I can definitely see myself being a regular here.crust/cheese pizza was very tasty, steak fries were huge and pretty good. Staff was gracious considering we crashed in about 15 minutes before closing time. Nice ambiance.Newly opened on St. Claude.  I think they are just in the re-establishment period with no decor, soda fountain or ambiance.  I don't think they have a liquor license and they only take cash.
We ordered the Billyburg pizza; bacon, pineapple and jalapeno.  Sounds good right!? But, there was so much grease on it, and I don't usually do this, but I HAD to wipe it down with napkins.
My friend told me Sugar Park used to be in a bar in the same neighborhood and told me they had the best french fries with garlic mayo.
I will try you again Sugar Park, but you better step up your game.This time we didn't order to go.  We took advantage of the best kept secret...  the patio out back.  No one there!  We dined via mason jars lit with "fireflies"...  bayou st john pasta and pommfrittes...it was tasty..  relaxing and peaceful.   Beautiful night tonite.  Staff over the top!Sugar Park is excellent! We received great service from the moment we walked in the door. There is one guy serving the whole restaurant (it's not very big). He greets, takes orders, runs food and drinks, I think he even makes the drinks. He's very fast whenever you need anything. The drinks are cheap and delicious. Very strong too! The pizza is delicious. We had the Brooklyn Bomber. It was wonderful. Their croutons are the best I've ever had! And the walls are lined with glitter! Definitely worth a stop in or delivery order!So glad I finally made it here. It was what I expected, only more. The expectation? Great NY style pizza with awesome toppings. I had the Dia volo which was sopressato, garlic and smoked mozzarella. Awesome. Crispy crust, nice sauce, excellent variation with the smoked mozzarella. The unexpected? I had no idea there was such a varied menu--10 or so entrees, sandwiches and burgers too. My dining companion had the fish and chips and really enjoyed it The price points are very consumer friendly, especially the wine and beer. And our server was an awesome guy, very friendly and helpful. Can't wait to come back.I really really really liked this place. They have a fixed price menu that they honor on Wednesdays. We got this deal during Yelp Spring Break and of course I took advantage. I got the Bronx Bomber Pizza, a sweet potato soup and the amazing caramel bread pudding. I absolutely LOVED everything I ate at sugar hill. The only thing I did not  love was the drink I had, honestly even forgot what it was because it was just not memorable. I will definitely be back to this place when I visit NOLA! This was love at first bite.I ordered delivery last night (Tuesday night) and was really disappointed with everything about this place. 
My friends and I ordered their Jamaican Burger, Big Kahuna Burger, and a small cheese pizza. The guy on the phone told me it would take 10 - 20mins for our order to arrive. I knew that wasn't true since we were 10 mins away and they needed time to cook the food. The order didn't show up until a full HOUR LATER. The food wasn't even hot at that point. The Jamaican burger was disgusting. It was cooked to medium rare (which I asked for well done) and it was drenched in "Jamaican Sauce" which looked and tasted like a mixture mustard, mayo, and lots of cumin. It drowned out the taste of anything else. 
As for the mac n cheese that came with the burgers. It was cold and hard and not even slightly spicy like the menu suggested.  
Overall the service was bad, I had to call and check on my order 3 times because the first two times no one answered. When asked what took so long, the guy simply responded, "I don't know, there  was a lady here with a card issue." How that's supposed to affect my order, I do not know. And the food was not tasty, not cooked, and not hot (or even warm). 
This was my first, and needless to say, last time going here. For a place that specializes in burgers and pizza they seriously need to step up their game. Had I wanted to wait for an hour on a burger I would have ordered one of the better ones in this city and gone to Port of Call.Went on a Sunday evening, and we were one of only two tables. The table and chairs are simple, but the art is pretty neat.
The artichoke yum yums are quite good, and the goat cheese, pecan and cherry tomato salad was yummy, but the main course (the good ol' standard pepperoni) was a let down. The crust was too thin and too hard. Really, Sugar Park? How do you mess up a standard pizza?
In addition, our waiter was less than friendly: when we asked if we could get jalapenos on less than half of the pizza; he said, we can do half. That's it; half or all. Really? You can't figure out what a third looks like and just charge us for a half? The people are Sugar Park may be many things, but they are most definitely NOT accommodating - or good with people.
We got a slice of peanut butter pie, and that alone would be worth dropping by. Delicious.
Despite the sub par pizza and environment (including service), everything other than the pizza which we ate was quite good; thus, the 3 stars.Best pizza in nola! I'm sooooo happy it's back, AND just a few blocks from my house!!  No lovely dive bar atmosphere :(   but BYOB (save money) and the same awesome food.
10 stars!!Sugar Park, it's always there for when the chips are down. Literally they have fish and chips. I shouldn't have to spell that out. But what I'm saying, when come home from the coal mines I wrap my mouth around god's own treat, The Big Khunna Burger. My mouth is currently riding the tidal waves of flavors of exponential proportions.  Don't get the desert. Go get froyo. Love ya.I kept hearing such good things about this place but I was utterly disappointed. The cheese and/or sauce was really greasy; and the thin crust was so floppy that it did not support the toppings which were pretty  sparse. Furthermore they use coarse grain corn meal to prevent the pizza from sticking to the pan which is not a problem but they used so much that it was caked to the bottom of the pizza.
If I were rating just on the pizza, I would have only given it one star. However the artichoke yum-yums were not too bad but I'd recommend a different sauce besides the marinara. Also the interior is cute and the service is good and it's always nice to have a place that delivers in the Marigny/Bywater area.
The ingredients were fresh so maybe I will try a sandwich at a latter date but I'm in no rush.I have lived various places in my lifetime and when you get food delivered you anticipate higher pricing and lower quality... This is the first time I've ever ordered delivery and neither were compromised. 
I ordered the "Yum Yums" appetizer, which can best be described as a dream come true... It was served with a delicious (not cheap or fake tasting) marinara sauce. 
I also ordered the "Black and Blue" burger, WOWWWW I wish that I could give infinity stars to get across how amazing that first (and every) bite was. 
For dessert I went with peanut butter pie, which was very light and creamy. 
Needless to say, I downloaded Yelp! Just to write this review and exclaim how amazing the meal I just ate was. I will without a doubt be ordering from here often. AND THEY DELIVER LATE NIGHT!!!! Also, all of the food that I ordered plus delivery can out to be about $20... Figuring I will be eating off of this order for another two meals, I'll say it is a steal! The guy who delivered was also very sweet and attentive, making great suggestions that did not disappoint.Another silly New Orleans restaurant. Pizza was mediocre, caesar salad was almost bad, service was sloooooooowww. It's pretty cute, though.the interior of the place is as cute as the neon sign out front indicates, but their pizza, unsurprisingly, is pretty forgettable (and curiously heavy on the corn meal). 
rando NOLA "who on earth is running this show?" restaurant quirks abound: they played THE most hilariously random music, from minor early 90s top 40 singles to riverdance-esque muzak, the beer is served in silly gynormous chalices, and despite our being one of just two parties seated in the joint, the service was either amusingly or frustratingly intermittent, depending on blood sugar/alcohol level.A friend from the neighborhood brought my girlfriend and I here, what a surprise. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is great. Living in the Bywater for 4 years we were not accustomed to getting all three of these things at one location. The Honey Island Swamp pasta is delicious, cant wait to go back and try something else.My husband & I took two out of town friends to Sugar Park for dinner and were really pleased with the atmosphere, the service & especially the food. The had the special pizza of the day as an appetizer and it was perfect. Thin crust with homemade sauce, goat cheese, bacon & candied pecans. Sounds strange, but it was delicious! Our table had a fish sandwich, grilled shrimp salad and two different pasta dishes, all were pounced delicious. The pasta tastes homemade too. We will definitely be back!I always call ahead and order my food. I almost always eat it at the bar and have a drink. The guys that work there are of the silent type, but I like 'em. They are good guys. They even send love messages to this guy I met at the bar once. Keep us informed on each other. Love it! 
 The burger is great. The fries are those thick kinds we all love.Their Sriracha chicken and waffles were absolutely incredible. Might be the best chicken and waffles I've ever hadBLUF:  Pizza is okay.  Amosphere and staff are awesome. (***Owner just responded to my review and said they can accommodate different preferences for crust which is awesome.  You can ask for more or less crisp and even a thicker crust.  That is huge in my opinion)
Cool hipster pizza/italian place.  Awesome back patio seating (but it was raining when I was last there).  They used to play movies on Sundays; not sure if they still do.
We jumped on their drinks.  Dark and stormy was awesome.  Homemade giner beer was really ginergery and great.  Wife got a toasted coconut soda drink that was really good and really tasted like its title.  Average beer selection.
Server was great.  Attentive and friendly and warned us that the large pizza was going to be too big for us so we dropped down to a medium which was the correct size for 2 people.  He also warned me that I almost ordered a cider.  I appreciate the warnings.  Good guy.
We got the Dolvota pizza (I know I spelled this wrong).  It was garlic, smoked mozarrella and some italian meat i forget the name of.  The garlic was minced and likely just from a can, the meat was good and the cheese was not as exciting as the "smoked" implied.  Kinda tasted just like a garlicy pepperoni pizza.  Def not bad but not memorable at all.  It was very crispy too.  It didnt have signs of being burnt but it seemed too crispy.  Couldnt really eat the crust it was so crispy.  Maybe it was our type of pizza or just a pizza that got away from them.  Not sure.  I have been here before (years ago) but I don't remember their pizza being overly crispy.  I am not a fan on crispy pizza...(again, apparently you can request accommodation on preferred crust style.)
I would def go back cuz it is a cool place to go and hangout.  They have great drinks, good prices, good service.  I would try a different pizza or build my own.  If it is always that crispy though I might try a dish...Great little Bywater funky place to eat.  Clean and food was amazing!  If you love chain restaurants, this may not be the place for you.   A "foody" would enjoy.I will start my review with a quick note - Sugar Park catered lunch for an event I attended - I have never been to their location at 3054 St. Claude. 
I easily gave them 5 stars for providing our group with an exceptional lunch. the sliders were healthy with mixed greens and the salad was a great mix of leafy green instead of simply iceberg lettuce. I haven't tried their pizza yet, but I plan on visiting the restaurant very soon.Every flavor was fantastic! I'm a vegetarian and had the best garden burger ever! My opportunivore boyfriend had the chicken strip and bacon waffle special and said it was unique and wonderful!Different. Good. Tasty pie. Tasty apps.
Support thin slices in the Bywater!Yo, Sugar Park, pay special f'ing attention to what u serve to vegetarians/vegans, please. Everyone on here raves about your options for us, but I just bit into a f'ing BEEF burger that was supposed to be veggie. My friend brought it home to me, so I'm unable to send it back. 20 damn years of being vegetarian, you can imagine that bite really sucked for me. I realize accidents happen, I worked in the service industry for years; but when it comes to vegetarians/vegans, please treat our diets like severe allergies bc we will absolutely get sick from your mistakes: cross-contamination and obviously far worse when it's actually the cow ass itself. My friend is vegan and she'd had a bite or two and she said it was gross, but didn't pay much attention to it bc she was on a date. She brought it home to me I case I'd like it... I trusted it, bc she's more strict than myself being vegan and all, so I just trustingly took a bite. Instantly, I knew something was wrong and as I was starting to swallow, my body sent out the alert and immediately that shit came up. I pulled back the bun and there it f'ing was: mother f'ing Bessie laying right there before me!! I know people love this place, but this has turned me off from ever wanting to step foot there, myself.Best NY style Pizza in Town. Burgers are awesome. Everything else rocks.  Not cheap but not too extreme.I'm a big pizza lover. I first had their pizza at an art expo. It was the best pizza I ever eaten in my life. The restaurant is a little small. Not the cleanest and there is usually only one person working the floor. Service is okay. They have a good amount of vegetarian dishes and that's a plus. Parking is the most difficult. Their fish and chips are a lot better than most places.Two years + 30 check-ins  since I wrote a review for my favorite Bywater restaurant (if not my favorite casual restaurant in all of NOLA?!) 
Sugar Park delivery has saved me on many a desperate to eat, but empty fridge is staring at me at 9pm kinda night. All hail late delivery options because this city doesn't have a lot of them.
But I also just love eating there! When it's Spring/Summertime, that backyard is the stuff that dreams are made of. Not to mention their frozen drinks contain actual fruit rather than the crap you're probably going to get elsewhere. I've spend many an idyllic night ensconced in the backyard, misty-eyed from the misters keeping you cool, sipping wine, and kinda just loving this life in New Orleans. Yep, I've closed them down (and then some). It's like impossible to leave that garden. The symphony of croaking frogs is the perfect soundtrack to this sort of delicious sultry evening. When the weather doesn't allow, as I mentioned in my past review, the interior of this shotgun house is very inviting. 
My last review for SP was written when I was in my lacto vegetarian phase. I'm back to being vegan, as I've been for the majority of my adult life, and I'm happy to note that the pizza is just as good w/o cheese. Adding on the veg meatballs is a nice touch and gives you that protein you sometimes desperately need. I've also had a pasta with vegetables dish that's excellent as well. That said, I come here for the pizza. I really and truly do. I'm all about that spicy sauce.
Simply put, Sugar Park, I adore ya!4/5 accommodating staff
i really appreciate the service that we were shown the night we checked this place out. i would always just drive past, but now i'll keep in mind to stop in for a dark and stormy, made with in-house ginger beer. the back patio is great. i didn't get to try the food, but it looked good, and the non-meat offerings are terrific for folks looking for that.I've been here a couple of times now and after my last visit I decided to write a review. As a vegetarian, I have found Sugar Park to have more than enough selections to keep me satisfied and wanting to come back again. On my last trek there I had the cheese and artichoke "yum-yum" balls as an appetizer and WOW were they amazing! I could have eaten a dozen of them but refrained to leave room for the "Astoria" pizza that followed. For a thin crust pizza, which I'm not big on, it was good. I've had better pizzas and I've had worse. If I were to rate this place on the pizza alone it would be three stars however their superbly tasty aforementioned appetizer and the veggie meatball sandwich I had the first time I went there give it the boost to a four star establishment.
Don't be fooled by the look of the neighboring buildings and lack of parking and give Sugar Park a chance if you have not yet been there. There's a wide enough variety of food to please anyone and they have indoor and outdoor seating for days/nights of nice weather. Pricing is very reasonable and the decor is simple. Check them out!If this had been take-out, I would've probably given it a solid 4 stars. Our two pizzas  arrived in a decent amount of time. The waiter-suggested Pizza Diavolo, with sopresatta, garlic, and smoked mozzarella, was pretty tasty and the crust had a great crunch to it and Our Pizza Named Desire left a little bit more toppings to be desired but we finished them in record time. 
Unfortunately, this Thursday night jaunt out of our usual 'hood with our friends fell short. The atmosphere is nice, low lit shotgun-style homey atmosphere with the comforts of booth seating if you so desire. There might have been two other tables while we were there. Pretty quiet, not a lot of people watching, so perfect to catch up with an old friend or have real talk without eavesdroppers. I have a weird affinity for more hustle and bustle when I eat out for pizza. I don't need people throwing dough in the air, but I yearn for more kinetic energy when dining out. 
I should've used my Yelp deal, a free beer with any specialty pizza, but I had a mad craving for a Bloody Mary.  When you ask a waiter if they can whip up a Bloody and they say, "yes?" with a hint of uncertainty, opt for something they're featuring like the Mojito or Mint Julep. I curse myself a little on this, because the Bloody Mary was less than bloody but A for effort with the tiny cream cheese-stuffed olives. 
If you're into very little to no waiter presence for a more home-style feel, this is a great spot for you, but I'd probably prefer noshing in front of my tv double-fisting slices of pizza in my pjs if that were the case for me. 
If I'm craving thin-crust crunchy Brooklyn-style, I wouldn't be opposed to ordering to-go from here, but unless a long-lost friend visits anytime soon, I'll probably stick to a more bustling pizza joint.Excellent service, mediocre food. It's a cute local spot with a fantastic garden in the back but the food wasn't anything to rave about. Good/fair prices.They deliver in the Bywater after 6pm.
Thursday night is the fried chicken special. Fried chicken with hefty sides of mac n cheese and coleslaw, delivered to my house? Yes please. 
Other go-tos: the spicy Zephyr pizza, the yum yum balls, the deep fried mushrooms with garlic mayo, the fresh ground burgers ... soo good! You could not ask for a better neighborhood eatery. 
Random Bywater trivia: Sugar Park is located next to Quintron and Miss Pussycat's enclave. But you hipsters probably already knew that.Sorry, this is no Pizza Delicious...not even close.  I'm still having a hard time thinking of a pizza that was worse than this one.  I will say that it was edible, but 5 stars?  Come on.
This place used to be a residential shotgun double, so the dining room is on one side and the kitchen on the other.  It definitely has some charm, what with the 12' ceilings, original trim and brick fireplaces.  However, the lighting is stale yellow and very dim so the cool paint colors and artwork on the walls were completely lost in the nauseating glow.
We were greeted mid-meal by a calico cat strolling across the severely uneven dining room floor.  It was friendly and didn't bother me, but I could definitely see someone else who is not an animal person completely freaking out at the sight of an animal in an indoor dining room.                
We had the artichoke yum-yums to start with.  They weren't bad, but they seemed to have no flavor whatsoever.  I could hardly taste the artichoke and the cheese was so mild that I couldn't taste it either.  So, basically what we had was 8 deep fried balls of purgatory.  They were brought out with a small cup of COLD pizza sauce, not room temperature, but COLD.  
The pizza wasn't any better.  When it's my first time at a pizza place, I like to order a basic pepperoni or just cheese so I can get a better feel for how good it really is.  Toppings don't make the pizza.  If you can't get a cheese and pepperoni right, then shame on you.  
The pizza was a soggy, greasy, thin crust mess covered in a yellow-y cheese.  Now, I love a good greasy pizza and I love a good thin crust, but this was neither.  There was no folding this monstrosity.  Even completely folded, most of the slice would just droop down like a floppy dog ear.  The outer rim crust was extremely dry and practically burnt.  On top of that, the entire underside of the pizza was overly encrusted with cornmeal.  Now, I know every pizza place uses cornmeal to keep their pizzas from sticking to the oven floor, but most of it stays in the oven or falls off once the pizza is pulled out.  Not this one.  The layer of cornmeal was almost as thick as the actual crust.
The only thing good I can say about the pizza is that the sauce is spicy and flavorful.  Now, I haven't tried their other dishes, so I can't be too harsh, but when you tout yourself as a pizza place, you have to deliver (no pun intended).fast delivery time and tasty fare.  the mac and cheese is superb and the chicken parm is juicy but be sure to ask for extra sauce.I don't eat meat and this place has plenty of dishes for me. Its vegetarian chili is fantastic. I also love its vegetarian burgers.The pizza sauce stole the show. Very thick on basil and tomato. I would've liked to try any specialties but we ordered for a party with cheese and pepperoni pizzas. The pizza's themselves were large. This is as close to new York pizza as you can ask for. Fold the large slices over in half and enjoy your "pizza taco." We ordered to go and it was pretty empty inside.it has been a while since I ate at Sugar Park and I forgot how bad it is.  I had your Spaghetti and Meatballs and what I thought was going to be a garlic pizza. Well what I got was NASTY! Overcooked "mushy" pasta, bland sauce that tasted like it was from a can and what I can only describe as a disk of grease for a pizza. The pizza was so greasy that it saturated the seat of my car! 
 I know you guys were used to being one of two or three restaurants in the Bywater but those days are over. Have you been to any of the new restaurants in the neighborhood to taste their food or see what their menus look like??? I don't think you have because you would be stepping up your game! With all of the new places to eat in the Bywater your restaurant has practically become obsolete. For fresh pizza with inspired, original toppings and a delicious crust- Pizza Delicious, for burgers made from fresh locally sourced grass fed beef- The Junction, and for spaghetti and meatballs with fresh house made pasta and homemade sauces- Arabella Casa di Pasta. All of these places surpass your offerings in quality and taste. 
I think it is time you check out what's going on in other restaurants, evaluate your tired menu and re-invent Sugar Park if you intend to survive!
And by the way, the fowl odor from your grease trap was overwhelming as I waited to pick up my order.