Needed some green in my life & they delivered. The drinks I had are not for beginners. If u like your green smoothie super sweet, then let them know. For me, the green avocado smoothie w/ protein delicious. My wife had a ginger drink. It had other stuff in it, but all she could taste was ginger. I thought it was delicious also but I like my drinks earthy. 
I will be back, probably alone tho. LolWhile there is construction going on in front of the tiny storefront, look for the SuperFood window and get yourself a tall drink of green deliciousness. I met Joseph and Amie a few weeks ago during my first stop in and they entertained me for well over 30 minutes with their passion for their craft. They have tons of fresh ingredients, they make their own kombucha (the Samurai label belongs to Joseph!), they use lots of different grains and other heart-healthy treats. I can't say enough about this place.  A goal of mine is to pop in here weekly to remain inspired!
p.s. I think they're closed Mon & Tues....A juice bar with some food as well, this is one of a few places of this ilk to be found anywhere near New Orleans. It is 100% plant-based and offers both raw and hot food. I'm unconvinced of any real value to "juice cleanses", which they offer, but as a quick stop in it's a rather nice respite from much of the local food scene.
My smoothie arrived lightning fast, albeit with a bit of pineapple not entirely blended, and was plenty good. As is often the case with these places, it's too spendy for me to justify on a regular basis, but I might come back to try some of their non-juice items.Tiny storefront that sells salads, juice, smoothies, raw bars, and supplements.  I tried the superfood salad and it was really delicious.  I also went for a juice spritzer that was pretty tasty...and affordable.
Not my usual sort of spot but when you're in the mood, they hit the spot.Great variety of smoothies and juices.
A great pit stop to refresh if you're walking down magazine street on a hot day!Fantastic raw, vegan food that is very satiating. I had the butter nut pumpkin spirals with cashew alredo and raw vegan sausage. For drinks I had the choc coconut milkshake, both were outstanding!Best place in Lousiana to get raw organic vegan food! Take out and juice bar!! Comfortable homey atmosphere, not a restaurant but friendly and super knowledgeable!Eating healthy is always a tug-of-war between my health & my wallet's health, & this place is no exception.  I spend a lot when I go, but I know that I will reap the benefits, plus - let's be real - this shiz is freaking tasty enough to keep me coming back until I'm broke.
I hesitate to go into great detail about each smoothie, as the menu may change.  Therefore, I'll give a brief overview about what I have had.  The Shhh is my favorite because it's insanely smooth, refreshing, & delicious.  The Banana Nut is almost as good as the Shhh.  Coming in at a close third, the Green Avocado has also got a great taste; the Master Protein is a nummy follow-up to a workout.  The Superberry & the Green Blueberry are just good, & I'm not a fan of the Blue-Yo at all.  The yogurt in it is just too zingy for me, so the flavor does not blend well with the other ingredients.  To each his own, right?
If you've got a hearty appetite, their food may not do it for you.  For instance, the Pesto Wrap is really fresh, but I needed food again not long afterward.
The staff is absolutely wonderful & always make a mean smoothie/wrap.  I wish the hours were a little longer so that I could make it after a long day of work, but I love that they're open on weekends.I've only been to this place once.  I ordered the black bean and wild rice salad and a spritzer.  The ingredients were fresh and the salad was pretty good, but my main complaint is regarding the size of the salad.  For $10 salad, I was expecting it to be enough for a meal, but it was more like a small snack.  I'm mainly writing this review to give feedback to the owner/management.   would it be possible to increase the size of the salads so as to make a meal out of it (maybe double the size)? Everything was fresh and i love the idea of this place, lord knows new orleans needs more healthy food options, and the staff was very friendly.  I just can't afford to pay lunch prices to get a snack amount of food.   And i'm not asking for a huge amount of food, just enough to fill the stomach and hold me over til dinner (i'd like to emphasize that i don't want a portion thats too big like most restaurants these days serve).   My friend ordered a different salad and a smoothie, and was also very hungry still after finishing both, and paying a total of 18 dollars (10 for the salad and 8 for the smoothie).  we were both quite disappointed and considered going to popeyes for a piece of chicken to finish the job, but decided against it.   
All this being said, i plan to return and try more things like the smoothies, juice mixtures, etc.  definitely give this place a try just be warned that if you are hungry for a meal, you should probably go somewhere else until they increase the size of their salads.In love. Absolutely. Very friendly staff and while I've only had one smoothie (so far, soon to be many many more) it was amazing. I couldn't decide my whole walk over which I would get so I just asked for a suggestion. It wasn't either of the ones I was debating on, but they know their products best, and I definitely didn't regret it! That was quite a while ago and as I was told, I'm not hungry, no coffee crash, and I feel great ^_^ I can't wait to go back and try a Banilla...or maybe an Avocalada...or maybe everything? :)Neat, spartan place with very interesting and tasty menu items. I'm not a vegan, but I enjoyed this reprieve from NOLA's  typical artery - clogging food.I really enjoyed this place! After a need for wi-fi and a glimpse of my expanding waistline on a video prompted a search for healthy smoothie bars, I found this little gem uptown. I came early, and was able to set up and work and enjoy several things on the menu.  Joseph(owner) was very friendly, and allowed me to set up a 'work station' and use wifi. I started my morning with a Gingeraid juice. I enjoyed it very much, but it is definitely not sweet for those that like their juice with a lot of natural sugar. I then tried the Super Immune Boast shot, which was lemon, ginger and cayenne. It was SPICY!! But I loved it. I was looking for something else a bit more filling, but didn't want to get a smoothie, so i opted for the Acai Bowl, and it was the BEST THING EVER!!! Smooth and creamy, sweet, great texture, and they give you a granola/spirulina mixture to add to it.  I am taking a Pesto wrap to go, 2 more Acai bowls to enjoy, and Joesph let me try a fermented tea that gave me life!! This place is excellent, and I will come every time i'm in town.My first time here. I was hoping to eat something healthy, and perused the menu for a while before deciding on a 
Beta Beet It juice and a Shroom Wrap.
THE FOOD:
The Beta Beet It was tasty. The menu says it's apple, O.J., Beet, carrot and lemon. It tasted more like banana and raspberry. I felt the grittiness of banana pulp, and raspberry seed in it. Didn't taste any lemon or carrot. It was good, but didn't seem like it was what I ordered (I got it to go).
The Shroom Wrap is described as: A Veggie Patty (butternut squash, corn, beets) with onion, sauteed button mushrooms, cured bell pepper, cured onion, cashew/coconut cheese and Bragg cumin sauce. 
Again, it was good, but as you can see in the picture, there was no patty. Everything was pretty ground up. Tasted no mushroom whatsoever, or bell pepper for that matter. I figured the cashew coconut cheese would be a subtle flavor... and it was about as subtle as not being there.
The sauce was good. 
The servers were friendly.
The place is clean.The Goat has a new love and he feels a special need of the wholesome fresh healthy Vegan and raw food options at the most magnificent Superfood Bar.  The people working here are so amazingly gentle and wonderful people that are so very kind and sweet with such very specially amazing customer appreciation of The Goat that it makes him feel like more than a customer.  The Goat very much enjoys the vitality of the very most excellent  kombucha elixir beverage that helps the Goat feel so much more healthy clean wonderful after a long night of drinking the strong vodka drinks so that Goat can work so much better and his mind is so much more clear.  Very special place and quality ingredients of such wonderful fresh things here and it all makes the Goat so very happy!
The Goat much highly recommends the most highly crafted and such fresh tasting smoothies here to help people be more gentle and happy!!!Went here the other day with a friend. The inside is very small but did have some tables. I ordered a green smoothie and it tasted like liquid leaves and was served at room temperature. My friend also ordered a smoothie which was slightly colder, and the price we paid for both of our smoothies was outrageous considering the low quality of what we received. We also waited close to ten minutes for our drinks. It's unlikely that I'll be returning, and I advise to approach with caution.such true food, such nice people. The Master Protein Smoothie is my favorite & my goto on treat yo self mornings. I trust this restaurant to be using quality ingredients. The staff is always friendly and genuine. I'm so glad to have this spot in my neighborhood.Really enjoyable experience. Ordered the miso wrap and viet wrap and both were delicious and filling. Also got the immune booster shot and felt very alert and boosted during and afterwards. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Nola. Keep up the good work!They have expanded their offerings and I was able to get a great plain flavored kombucha tea and a great green smoothie.  They have a lot more products and menu items available now and this a great place for some healthy items that you aren't going to find anywhere else in the area.  For such a small place they pack a lot of punch and they take credit cards.Really good, organic, pure, even the menu font formatting, vibe inside is clean and pure. Great place !
And it's nice & inspiring that they offer a 20% discount to police, firemen, military, & veterans.One of the best real fruit smoothies I have ever had!!  You can truly taste the freshness. In addition, such a great variety. Super good!!Hungry? Forget the greasy fast food and get one of their smoothies! This place is great... I hope to see a them everywhere some day.Was disappointed that they were not making juices but the rest was top-notch. We had super immunity shots, 3 smoothies (all very good), a miso wrap (best ever) & the superfood salad. Would go back again & again. Service was excellent.Shroom wrap was delicious!! I licked the bowl of cumin sauce clean. Gets busy during lunch and everything is super fresh so be ready for a little wait. This was my first visit so I was not prepared. Everyone was super apologetic and rushed to get my order ready so I could get back to work on time. Will definitely be back to try more wraps.I just love this place, their smoothies are amazing, use organic ingredients and both vegan wraps I tried were delicious. 110% recommended and probably one of the healthiest spots in townSuper healthy organic juices and wraps what else do they have, I don't even know but what I  do know is that I'll be back for sure! The curry garbanzo wrap was delicious so was the hangover juice I got. Super affordable menu!Once, I walked in and asked if they had bottled water. A simple "no" would've sufficed, but instead the guy gave me a lecture on how baby seagulls choke on water bottles. Yikes. 
Food is all right. Customer service is shit. If you sharpen your teeth and wear crystals this is probably the spot for you.I am a foodie and a meat lover, so please believe me when I say this food is is amazing. I came back three days in a row because the the wraps are so awesome. The mushroom with added avocado is my favorite. Juices and smoothies are delicious, and I am not a wrap or a smoothie person at all! I highly recommend. Please open a second location closer to the CBD!!I could eat here everyday. Everything I've tried has been so delicious. This is probably the healthiest restaurant in the city and I love it.The smoothies and food here are awesome. This place is doing a good thing for NOLA, providing fresh, organic, whole foods made with love.A bit overpriced but I think that kind of comes with the territory for health food in New Orleans. I thoroughly enjoyed my blueberry smoothie and would definitely come back! The ambiance is sterile and austere so I would suggest grabbing the drink to go!walked by - thirsty. ordered the avocolada smoothie.  the original size was $7 - she asked if we wanted to upgrade to the large - our total was more than $11 then!? wasn't ready for that! nevertheless - EXCELLENT smoothie, would order again (probably the original size this time... :)Came here for the very first time because I'm a fresh fruit kind of person and I'm all about the raw veggies in drink. So I've read the previous reviews to see what this place is about and I have got to say one of the BEST! My berry drink was so refreshing and delicious that I should've bought 2 FOR MYSELF. Definitely recommend this place to EVERYONEI highly recommend this place for a truly healthy and intentional smoothie. 
I tried the tropical smoothie to get my levels kickin again. I loved it. I really need to get back for breakfast but it's soooo far away from me and really not great parking. The smell is not that appetizing in there but don't be fooled fool. It's a really tastie and healthy smoothie. 
The prices are higher than smoothie king so get ready to swipe a little more than those franchises.Place is beyond fantastic!!! All organic, delicious, and sustainable. Even the cups were made out of plants. My fresh squeezed juice was delicious and smoothie was so so so good! Got the in house made granola bars and couldn't be more happier. Can't wait to go back and try more food and beverage itemsIt is so hard to find restaurants with tasty vegetarian options that aren't composed of cheese and bread. lol. Everything is delicious and good for you. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean, and it is a locally owned. Can't get much better than that. This is the perfect place to get lunch after yoga. How anyone can give this place a negative review baffles me.Not much to look at from the outside, but delicious smoothies on the inside.  Great smoothies along with homespun friendly customer service.  I had to give it the 5 star tap.
Before we started our Saturday apartment hunt, we hit up Superfood bar to grab a couple of morning smoothies.  We wanted something light to bridge us until our hotdog lunch binge.  Enter yelp map...found a place Uptown that was not a chain and had some good reviews.  My fellow Yelpers steered me right per usual.  We loved this place.  After Shari V had the first sip of her smoovie (Workaholics), she was looking into monthly packages.  
She had the banana nut smoothie with a shot of cold-brewed coffee.  Delicious smoothie that satisfied her caffeine fix.  It came with large chunks of granola on top.  According to Shari V, it added some nice flavor and texture.  I had the Tropical Berry blend.  Totally good smoothie.  Fresh ingredients did the talking. 
The place is simple.  Ordering counter and maybe 3 tables.  The guy who took our orders asked us where we were from and chatted us up a bit.  Really friendly guy...owner I suspect.  He was a nice guy and was clearly proud of the establishment.  Rightfully so IMO.  
Small touch:  They offer normal-sized straws and those huge milkshake straws.  These come in handy for things like chunks of granola.
I plan on repeating so much, I'll be able to go up the counter and order "the usual".  
GF Quote:  "Only regret was I didn't get a 20 ounce"UPDATE: 
After my last visit, I decided to try the Beta Beet It Juice again. 
It was different than last time.
I tasted the beet, and bits of beet "pulp".
The color was different than last time also. Didn't taste much else but beet. 
I know with raw food it's hard to get a consistency from week to week, so......
I'll have to explain it like that.This place is incredible. I had the superfood salad and my boyfriend had the Vietnamese wrap. I am so excited about their delicious vegan ranch dressing, and there coconut bacon was spectacular. this restaurant is very inspiring.I will never go here again! I walked in at 6pm on the dot with about 5 customers still inside and was told "we are closed, but if you'd like something in the fridge, we can offer that." Inside the fridge were picked over selections that were not smoothies. What a terrible decision to make as a manager or employee. There were no lines waiting to get in. I would have been the final customer. So regardless of their quality, you just pissed off a former faithful customer with shitty customer service. Unacceptable in my opinion.NOLA vegans rejoice!  Just discovered this little gem.  The atmosphere is just dandy, the  staff is cool and the food is AMAZINGLY GOOD!  If you're like us, it's a search for average food all the time for vegans.  This is good, honest, fresh made food.  We don't eat out much because my wife is a vegan chef.  She gives this place a thumbs up (and she's hard to please food-wise).   I read a couple of bad reviews that said the place was "eerie" and the food tasted like cardboard.  These are probably disgruntled tour guides or family of ex-employees because this is just not true.  GO!  RUN, vegans!  RUN!  It's nothing but great food.  Oh! And don't forget to grab a frozen coffee if you like that kind of thing.Came in for a green smoothie after working out. The shop is small but very clean, and the staff is super nice! Excellent customer service. I had the green glow smoothie and added ginger to it. It was fresh and light! The smoothie consistency was more of that of juice with some ice chunks, which was a little disappointing since I like my smoothies to be thicker. The ginger flavor wasn't too strong, and I could really taste the celery. It definitely wasn't sweet at all even though it has banana, so if you're looking for a sweet smoothie, you might want to try a different one. My smoothie was $7.50, which is pricey for a smoothie but average for these types of shops. While I don't think I can make this a habit, I do look forward to coming back to try other juices in the future!The best, most affordable vegan/vegetarian food in New Orleans! If you're in the area, definitely stop by and get a wrap or a salad. They also have delicious sweets and drinks. Great example of a small business on Magazine St.I love Superfoods.  I try to get a smoothie as often as possible... sometimes twice a day.  
My favorites are the Pineapple Basil Coconut and the Chocolate Coconut.  I am addicted to Maca and am a much happier person because of it.
We need more healthy places like this in New Orleans! As I have mentioned to Joseph in the past- if Superfoods was open earlier they could catch the before work crowd :)Now that I've had Superfood Bar's Green Avocado smoothie, I fear I may never be the same again. I'll glance at my daily green juice with woe. I'll choke it down, visions of Superfood Bar's green goddess-like drink, which is creamier, richer, and if possible, even healthier than my daily dose of kale, spinach, ginger, celery and apple. Containing such glamorous-and mysterious- ingredients as frozen coconut kefir, pro-biotic water, VMG and homemade Greenola, I believe the name of the drink should be Ambrosia.
It's OK. Superfood Bar is just a mile from my house. A good walk on a nice day. It's $8 and I deserve it. You deserve it. We'll all become superheros if we keep drinking this way. I'm up for the challenge.
But Superfood Bar, you've ruined me for healthy juice and smoothies forever.I eat here weeks at a time. Smoothies, juices, healthy shots, organic supplements are my norm.  Service is always as excellent as well as the products they sell. The owner is a spring of beneficial information and always willing to share.
If you would like to be healthier, look healthier, and feel healthier; make yourself a regular ( didn't mean to rhyme that last part; but it works)Friendly staff. Minimalist set-up doesn't justify the hefty price tag. We ordered the green and cilantro lemonades. They were fresh, but wish they would have been ice cold since it was 90 degrees outside.Great healthy and delicious place. I went there for the first time today for lunch and I'm glad I did. I ordered a wrap and salad combo, and a green lemonade. It filled me up for the whole afternoon without making me feel full. The guy (David?) was very polite and welcoming. Awesome! I will be back!This place is amazing! They make their own kombucha and coconut kefir in-house. Plus the staff is very friendly and personable.I don't remember which salad I ordered but it was scrumptious. Superior bar has a very small indoor and outdoor seating area. Their food is fresh and the staff is friendly and ready to answer your questions.I wondered about the mango in the green smoothie but she quelled my fears and the smoothie was tasty and I was happy. Couldn't eat the green granola bc that spirulina is wild strong but aside from that happy I came up here from CBD. Also the lady was super helpful anout places to eat and a former Cali girl. Gotta love that.Best smoothie ever!   Great staff, great wraps & salads and get the immune boooster shot or
Ginger shot....fantastic!Joseph and the Superfood Bar are awesome.  I highly recommend this place.  His smoothies are the best.  His kale tacos are awesome.  I've now started taking Maca (that he recommended) and feel energized and focused.  Joseph is making New Orleans a better place!I'm not vegan or even vegetarian and definitely not a super healthy eater much of  the time, but I decided try Superfood Bar today mostly out of curiosity and was very pleasantly surprised. The place is small and simple, but the service was very friendly and quick. I ordered the Superfood Bar salad to go and it was really good and surprisingly filling. I was dubious at first, but all the ingredients were really fresh and the coconut bacon was as awesome as everyone says it is. 
The place seems dedicated to what they do. They had a white board up with some info about the juicing process to clear up some false info.  I didn't think the prices were too bad. I'll definitely be back to try to some of their juices, smoothies, and sandwiches when I need a break from the usual, not so healthy New Orleans fare.I love this place! I'm addicted to the Green Glow smoothie, SFB salad, and the tacos. Everything is reasonably priced considering it's all fresh and organic.Had an eye-opening lunch at Superfood Bar last week while visiting New Orleans. We are not vegans or even vegetarians - not even close - but you do not have to be in order to appreciate this food. It makes you feel better WHILE YOU ARE EATING IT and better yet, the natural food flavors were as tasty as anything we had in the city. I noticed a few comments about the prices, but as someone who buys and sells food for a living, let me tell you: you get what you pay for. The cost to buy superfood quality ingredients, prepare them, and still earn a few cents on the dollar amounts to the prices you see here. In fact, I'd say these prices are quite generous. Thank you Superfood Bar for a great experience. We only wish you had a location in Wisconsin!Superfood Bar is fantastic!!! I never knew that eating so healthy could be that delicious and satisfying! I have dreams about all of their food and I find that anytime I'm in the neighborhood I somehow find myself there surrounded with more food than any single  person could eat . I'm starting to wonder if it's possible that too much of a good thing could be bad for you!The most affordable health food pop-in shop. 
Thank you Superfood Bar!I ordered the Green Pineapple Smoothie which was on point. I also had the Jamaican Wrap which was not the best. It was a little bland. Again, I ate it because I am out of town with not a lot of vegan options and I'm a bit hungry. I also got the raw brownies which are moist and very tasty.Great smoothies, wraps, and juices, but the customer service is the best.  Great neighborhood gem.  It's nice to have healthy options in the neighborhood.Stopped by on a long walk down Magazine Street, and thought I'd grab a juice before getting some BBQ across the street. WOW! The ambrosia, green lemonade and Beta Beet It were all super delicious. The date in the Ambrosia is especially unique and refreshing. I guess the prices are a little high, but I'd say justified given the quality and warm service.So far all I've had here is the kombucha tea and it was very good except they didn't have any plain and all of them were fruit flavored.  I prefer my kombucha all plain and nasty sour the natural way.  They had some very limited hours and were just getting started when I went so it sounds like they have expanded to doing a lot more good stuff and I need to get back soon to try out some of the other great things they are doing!!!We were visiting from Vancouver, Canada, and for all the health food nuts we have up on the West Coast, Superfood Bar ranks among the best juice spots I've been to.  Sweet staff and delicious food.  And, of course, fantastic juices and smoothies.  Very well-prepared.I've worked at a juice bar and I'm very confused why the smoothie I bought from this establishment is mostly ice....We would use frozen fruit to cool a smoothie down but using ice seems like a way to cheat customers out of actual nutrition and save money on fresh produce.....this Green Glow smoothie tastes like green water.  very uncool.  10$ for 24oz is a very reasonable price to pay for a green smoothie, but I expect more than this watered down garbage:/Amazing. So healthy. So good. Acai bowl is a great breakfast. Black bean wrap- sigh. Delicious.Superfood Bar is truly unique in this city. The two best smoothies I have had are the Green Pineapple and the Tropical Maca. They have options for healthy proteins as well (no whey! yay!). I have ordered their raw pizza in the past, and it was incredible. Their new seating area is clean and bright, I'm super happy they were able to expand! I'd definitely suggest stopping by for some flavorful foods!Amazing restaurant that is a healthy haven for NOLA. The owner, Joseph, is wonderful and always willing to talk to customers to help them understand superfoods. I highly reccommend it!The avocalada was the best smoothie I've ever had! The owner is very nice. You'll be amazed at all the great ingredients that go into one smoothie.Had the acai bowl: it was yummy, but they really skimp on the toppings! They also have no honey or agave to add on top.  no fruit on it, just a TINY AMOUNT of granola and coconut. The acai bowls are "served" prepackaged in plastic cups which is really disappointing as far as presentation goes.
Vanilla coconut milkshake: it just tastes "healthy"
Needs a sweetener and something to make it thicker to be more milkshake-y.
Banana nut smoothie: delectable!!!!
Price: pretty expensive
Establishment: cleanly, but there aren't any napkins for customers to use. Ample seating.
Overall: it's too expensive for what it is. I spent about $30 for 2 smoothies and 1 of the less impressive bowls I've ever had (as far as toppings go). It was pretty tasty, though.Changed my life, the best in the city, don't be a dumb dumb come here and eat superfood food.What a great find!  I got the Avacadalada which was amazing.  I've been here a few times and each smoothie is great in their own way.
The girl who usually takes my order is friendly and really puts a lot of effort and time into each smoothie being made.  
My only complaint is that it would be hard to find if I didn't know it was there.  More people have to find this place to see how amazing it is!Delicious! They have spirulina, moringa and no added sugars. Very hard to find in most places.Excellent array of juices, sandwiches, salads, and smoothies. Their menu will not break the buckle or bank. It was a nice treat to take a break from my home-juicing schedule to have someone else serve it up. Thanks for the nice afternoon refresher!My husband is vegan and we found this little place on the happy cow app. We had the black bean pesto wrap and I honestly was a little skeptical, but it was Hands down one of the best wraps I've had in a long time. Only thing missing was some bitchin' sauce, but I'm not sure bitchin sauce has made it's way out of California yet! We also had some fresh juice and they too were fantastic.I love baked mac & cheese, fried chicken & boudin balls as much as the next New Orleanian, but let me tell you -- Superfood is a fantastic break and detox from the decadent eatery adventures in this city.  So far, I've been here 3 times. First two times I had juice and today I tried the Viet wrap w/ fresh avocado + juice. The juice has been consistently great and the wrap hit the spot. The people who work here are very nice and seem to love providing healthy options for New Orleans. Happy to have them in the hood.I have been on the "hunt" for an avocado smoothie for a while now. I have heard they are the hot new thing because avocados are super good for you and rather than take the time to buy avocados and make my own, I just wanted to buy one somewhere. Seems reasonable? Anyway, when Joi B. posted a picture of hers on instagram and mentioned that she got it at Superfood Bar, I knew I had to check this place out.
I wasn't disappointed at all. The place is small, but was easy to find. They have a lot of "raw" foods, and as you would expect, everything is super healthy. I got my "simple" avocado smoothie which comes in one size- 16oz.
It was fantastic! First of all, it is basically a cup of pureed avocado with a little coconut in it. It is perfect if you are as much of an avocado lover as I am. Second of all, I was surprised at how filling the smoothie was! I had some cheese with it and that was basically my lunch. Finally, it is WAY cheaper than a place like Smoothie King and doesn't taste like it is loaded with sugar. It seems like whatever I get at Smoothie King just tastes overly sweet. All I got from my smoothie here was the flavor that I was looking for.
I will definitely be back. I want to try more of their menu and see what else they have to offer.Very nice local place! I felt very welcome here. Maca shot was made to my liking and the frozen coffee is to die for. I will most definitely be back here when I come back in town.How did I just discover this place? It's a gem. Friendly staff and delicious, healthy snacks. I wish i could afford to go every day.visiting New Orleans and went to this joint with my mom who's vegan. the drink and wrap I got are hella good. I'll be back for sure.
I got:
- Bean Burrito Wrap
- Turmeric SmoothieA nice bar to relax and enjoy organic juices. The menu is quite rich and the atmosphere is nice. Five stars!My favorite juice bar in the city. Their avocado smoothie is the best around. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Love coming here for a healthy snack after a long day at work.