This brightly lit and newly renovated building takes the former Copeland's and revives and otherwise dead section of St. Charles. Superior Seafood is quite new and I hesitated to try anything; I like to wait and let the staff and kitchen work the kinks out. But, hunger won...
Sat at the bar and ordered:
Thyme After Thyme - vodka-based martini
1/2 Char-broiled oysters
Tuna Tartar
My cocktail was too sweet. I think the idea is to have a more aromatic drink. I'd try it again, with instructions for less sugar. The oysters were decadent. Confession: 1st time having charbroiled ones. I love the raw bivalve, and this was a treat. 
The tartar would use some tweaking. The presentation is fine; however, the tuna should be diced finer and the avocado is not really a great addition. I wasn't sure is the accompanying sauce was just soy, or ponzu. Was the sauce on the plate wasabi-based? All these things detracted from the tuna. 
The hot bread with butter is delicious. But the bread served w/the appetizers is overkill. The bread w/the oysters is traditional, although you can't sop up sauce using toast points. I'd look for another option for the tartar. 
The bartender was fine, perhaps a wee bit bored because it was a slow night. I'll try it again (after parade season) for a full meal and see...Very attentive servers and food was delicious.  A bit noisy but very fun.  We ate there twice on two days.Easily one of my favorite restaurants. I came here for the first time in the fall and have been several times since then. Checks can definitely be on the pricier side, but definitely the only place in the area where you can get quality steak and fries for $25 as well as some delicious oysters. Atmosphere has a great bistro feel and service is excellent. Giving this place the five stars it deserves and will probably be there again this weekend.Finally made it to Superior and we are kicking ourselves for not having made it out sooner because we hit all our favorite eateries first. Must have: Chargrilled oysters. Thumbs-up on cornbread app, signature cocktails and seafood fare -- all fesh and tasty. Superior has made our list of NOLA faves.Wow, SS&O  oysters on-the-half-shell are off the hook!  belly up to their oyster bar and enjoy some of the most succulent, plump, and seriously juicy oysters I have ever had!  I'll go as far to say they're the best I've ever experienced!  If you go in during happy hour, a dozen oyster, with lemon and cocktail sauce, costing something like $6 or $7.  I had 3 dozen, washing them down with a local honey-wheat ale, and wished I had room for more.  Located on the St. Charles Av. trolly line @ Napoleon Av., trust me, you will not regret the oysters at SS&O (even better than I experienced at Acme Oysters in the French Quarter--cheaper too!).Beet salad appetizer was not very good. Drinks were great and entree was decent. As soon as they realized we wanted to split dinner the service disappeared. We didn't receive our salad that came with the entree and were never offered fresh pepper on the entree which was bland.Two words- Frozen Rosé! I'm not a big fan of champagne as it usually gives me a headache but this Frozen Rosé was so good!! And I came at the perfect time... Happy Hour! The oysters were $0.50 so of course I had a dozen. The chargrilled oysters are bomb too. I'll be back next time I hit the big easy.Waitress, Alena was so sweet. She was on her toes and had plenty of recommendations. This is a must try!  Shrimp brochettes with andouille and bacon hit the spot!Just went there for dinner to enjoy the Super Bowl game with what I had planned to be good friends, food, wine, and fun. The food was OK, the service was horrendous, but luckily the friends and wine were good. It took about 20 minutes to get a drink not to mention how many times I politely asked to add sausage, potatoes, and corn to the crawfish. Lastly paying the bill, which to mention wasn't very cheap. Our server had stood beside us as we paid the bill, making it awkward, and he wouldn't leave until we had signed the bill. Then, it wasn't good enough, the 17% that we had left and had the audacity to tell our host that the amount was incorrect. Unbelievable! I have no intention of going back anytime soon!They really lacked on  vegetarian options. We met a friend here for happy hour. Didn't love the spinach and cheese dip. Wish their beer selection was bigger.Oysters anyway you like em, fresh crawfish! Great to watch sports and eat at the barOur waiter was Colby and he did a fabulous job of helping us with suggestions. The atmosphere was lovely. We did not feel rushed. We had a table of four for outside dining. Each of us went outside of our comfort zone to try different things we've never heard of - no one was disappointed. I highly recommend the frozen French 75 and if you make it there during happy hour they give you two for the price of one.  Be sure you go to Superior Seafood and not Superior Grill like we almost did. I'd go back in a heartbeat!The service was poor and the gumbo tasted burnt and the chicken tenders for my grandson were cooked till they were dried out along the outer portion and tasted like old grease. It was very poor food for entirely to much money. I won't go back.One of my favorite restaurants in the area. The service is incredible, I have been 4 times in the last 5 months: once with my father, once alone and twice with friends and every time the service is accommodating and friendly. I went on a half priced drinks and oyster night and I had a field day with as many rather large and sweet oysters as I wanted and as much Chardonnay I could handle and I had such a good time with the people I was with. During crawfish season this year I had a pound of crawfish to myself and my server recommended the best red wine to pair with the meal, both my father and I were really impressed. The carrot cake is like a spice cake with carrots and a warm cream cheese frosting glaze and pecans on top: also a wonderful thing on the menu. I cannot recommend it enough and will always come here with my family when they're in town.It was very nice inside. Very upscale feel. They have happy hour drinks and oysters. Food was good. I would definitely go back.Started with a dozen oysters on the half shell for $15.  They were really delicious, sweet and briny.  Wish that we had ordered another dozen.  My companion ordered the fish if the day (mahi mahi).  It was blackened and perfectly cooked. However the accompanying squash medley was over cooked and roasted potatoes were greasy.  I ordered the shrimp risotto flavored with pesto and garnished with tomato cofit and shaved parmesan.  The risotto was nicely flavored.  Texturally, it was not as loose as is a classic risotto,  but that was fine with me. The shrimp were sautéed and not overcooked,  but would have been much better if they had been seared.Only been here 10 minutes and already a bad experience. Brought my family and some out-of-town friends in for brunch. Tables open  right at the window to watch the parade while having brunch. We're told the table is not available though no one has been seated there.for 10 min.  Additionally, it's breakfast brunch and they're out of pancakes, milk, and have been waiting for creamer for coffee for five minutes.  HorribleWent there for a Sunday dinner with the family. We made reservations and was seated accordingly. Atmosphere and decor are lovely and warm. When we were seated, a server pour a glass of water(tap) for each guest. The glass bottle to refill water looked like it was recycled and reused from a wine bottle. Water looked cloudy.  After being seated we waited for about 5 mins until our server came by to ask for drinks. At the same time we order appetizers: 2 dozens raw oysters, 2 angels on horseback, 1 oyster superior,sensation salad, crawfish cornbread, gumbo, and crawfish corn bisque. 
Waited what seems like eternity for appts to arrive at table. The raw oysters were wonderful. But disappointed on the other two. Angels on horseback, 5 small pieces $10.95. Tasted good at first bite until I bit on a piece of small oyster shell. Oyster superior was same way. Crawfish cornbread was very delicious. Sweet and zesty, loved the sauce that was on it. Totally recommend this dish. My dad enjoyed his gumbo (huge). My mom also enjoyed her crawfish corn bisque, although I only see corn in her soup but no crawfish tails. Must have been chopped finely? My brother had the salad which he enjoyed as well (big salad only $3.95).
We then ordered entrees: shrimp&grits, seafood pasta, salmon lafitte, and seared scallops. Although the oysters were a disappointment, the entrees was a delight. We all enjoyed our entrees which were tasty, flavorful, and well portioned. My sister especially loved her salmon lafitte (recommended). 
Our server was attentive but a bit clumsy. Dropped two of our forks and knock over the glass water bottle while pre-bussing.
Overall, I give this place 3-stars for good entrees and average service. But if you're looking for great oysters, go to Drago's instead. I probably won't be coming back here to eat. Food was good but way overpriced compared to other upscale restaurants.We visited Superior Seafood on 07/16/2016. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G for lack of a better term. This was BY FAR my best dine in experience that I have had in a quite some time. The food was seasoned well, and portioned well. Our server was amazing, he was the best thing since slice bread. I detest that I forgot his name, but he has this nice monopoly mustache if that helps. This one guy should be the blueprint of what represents quality customer service.I would return here. Ok, so you're in New Orleans, and maybe superior isn't the most original place, and sure, it doesn't have the most amazing food, but this place was carried into a 4 star rating through one thing alone.
Service: acceptable. Nothing amazing, but did her job and I was happy with it.
Main dishes: mediocre. To be fair, some of the other stuff looked amazing, but I wasn't super hungry, so I got salmon dip and the gumbo. The salmon dip was an appetizer and would have been better as such. I literally got 1 shrimp in my gumbo. What is that? Who does that to a person? You're gonna up sell your gumbo and then leave me with one single shrimp? For shame.
Also, they never gave us bread. That's a killer. Every other table got bread. Our waitress forgot. Ok. Fair enough. It happens, but that doesn't excuse it entirely.
At this point, the restaurant is at like 2 stars, do not return. But the dessert? The carrot cake? Oh my word. Fantastic. Absolutely worth a star by itself. So you're at a low 3, probably don't go back because who goes into a restaurant purely for a dessert and then leaves? (Me, but that's beside the point)
Ok. So I gotta admit, I skipped something. The oysters. The baked oysters. They are the great redeemer. Those baked oysters... I have no words. They were absolutely fantastic, and if you go here, get them. Totally worth it. They took this restaurant from a 2.9 to a 4.2. 4.2/5 would bang.Nice and pleasant setting outside. Food was uneven and the service was very slow.  I had a $12 French starter salad which included 3 microscopic pieces of prosciutto.   The bisque was so-so, but the pasta was outstanding.Disappointed!!!!! Almost $100.00 for 3. I don't mind paying good money for GOOD food but come on....who cant cook grilled chicken? If i had wanted jerky i could have found a bukees!  The appetizer was good, the small dinner salad was really good but the main meal was a JOKE!  I will NEVER go back. Had my waiter asked or even seemed concerned why I only took a few bites i may had given it a second try. BUT NOPE......and the tea had a crazy flavored taste even though it was regular. Bathrooms were very clean and very cool......liked the decor( sink was neat)!Our family had brunch here on Sunday morning of the All-Star game.  It was exceptionally busy due to the parade.  Obviously they are prepared for this craziness.  The food was overall good.  The frozen mimosas were the highlight, though.  I would go back just for those!It's okay, but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as there are plenty of places equal to this. I did like the chargrilled oysters though and the cocktails were strong.The food was delicious and portions were great. I'd never had fried green tomatoes til this place and now I'm hooked. It's a little loud though; couldn't hear the person next to me unless he spoke loudly and I focused.This place straight up has really good food and I'm not talking about only their seafood but everything on their menu. It's a bit pricy but you definitely get what you are paying for in terms of quality and portion size. Also, happy hour for house wines and frozen drinks are daily till 6:30 pm! If you like mojitos definitely try their frozen raspberry mojito on their cocktail menu. It was delicious. Can't say enough about the quality of food and service at this restaurant, definitely a go-to.Nice location and ambiance. My server was really attentive. The chargrilled oysters didn't really have a taste. I had to drown them with hot sauce. The frozen mimosas were a hit. Valet parking is a plus too. Overall my food was just ok nothing specialThis review is for the happy hour only, and then specifically the oyster happy hour. As far (oyster) happy hours go this is definitely one of my favorites in the few days that I visited New Orleans. The highlights:
- The oysters are $0,50 a piece during happy hour
- Draft beers half price
- French 75 and Mojito's: you get a large one for the price of a normal one. So not really buy 1 get 1 as it's advertised. But who cares
- The bill we got at the end for cocktails, oysters, and crawfish was horrendously low  
In general, I would consider this a bit of a genteel atmosphere but maybe that's because of the Parisian bistro they are trying to emulate (think Balthazar in New York) with the white marble tiles and large mirrors on the wall. 
I have heard mixed things about the regular menu but definitely go for the oysters and cocktails. It seems like a pretty popular happy hour.Looks will only get you so far. I'd rather date someone with personality and it decent-looking than a super hot guy with no brains and that I have to look after 24/7. Uh-ah... don't think so. 
So, the fact that valet in complimentary is nice. It's obvious parking can be an issue, so that goes to show me that they are interested in customer satisfaction. The hostesses were very friendly, and the guy at the valet left his spot to open the door for me (sweet!). We were seated and greeted quickly. Absolutely nothing wrong with the service.... everyone was polite and helpful. 
We ordered a 1/2 dozen chargrilled oysters, a cup of gumbo soup, the seafood salad, and the vieux carre pasta. Here's the problem with these restaurants - all of Copeland's restaurants included - the dishes are too damn rich! I swear, you could have added a whole pound of plain pasta to our vieux carre pasta dish and it would have tasted even better. That was the only dish we ordered like that, but I'm pretty sure the majority of the dishes would be that way. Its precisely because of experiences like this that I order my pasta with the sauce on the side whenever possible because I'm tired of having pasta soup. I just want enough sauce to add flavor... I don't want my pasta swimming in it!
Another point that is probably irrelevant is that my mom was in one of the crappiest moods every and was acting not only weird and moody but rude.... I think it's menopause. But whatever the reason maybe, it made my experience less pleasant. I almost felt bad for our server because every time she came to ask us if we were doing okay she wouldn't say anything or ever acknowledge her, which I think is very rude. If someone asks me a question and is talking to me, I give them eye contact and answer. I know better. So, if our server is reading this, I'M SORRY! 
If I get a chance to come back, I'll update my review and order something different.Streetcar stops in front of it.:) which is very convenient 
High end restaurant. Good service. Good food. Goos price good portions. The shrimp pasta wasnt overwhelming. Loved it. The blackened catfish by itself was a bit on the salty side but combined with everything else - sauce, corn, mashed potato - it's pretty good.Great creole seafood in the Garden District.  We had grilled oysters, a shrimp Po-Boy and seafood gumbo, crawfish Mac n Cheese, and the blackened fish covered in etoufee.  All outstanding.  Great service too.I have heard a lot about this place and I was finally able to visit. I will say that I was very underwhelmed. There are so many delicious restaurants in NOLA but this wasn't worth all of the hype. Don't get me wrong the good was tasty but I've had better. 
I had the blackened catfish, it was tasty.
My significant other had the bbq shrimp. The sauce didn't not wow me. I had BBQ shrimp at the Blue Crab and it blew my socks off but here at Superior it lacked something that I just can't put my finger on.
I ordered the crab cake and crawfish cornbread as an appetizer and they were both really tasty. I didn't know what to expect but I enjoyed both. 
A friend order a shrimp po' boy and fries and the dish was cold. We were given a little slack from the manager but he eventually took the meal off of the bill and gave my friend a free dessert instead. 
Overall this place was just okay. I rather go further out in NOLA and go to the Blue Crab when I return to the city.Simply amazing.  The food was delicious. (Oysters) drinks on point.  most importantly our waitress RYAN... she was a beast. Polite, always smiling, etiquette  knowledge of menu worked her section better than Golden state warriors shooting 3's...We came in for dinner after struggling to agree on something for dinner. After looking on yelp for reviews and let's face it, somewhere open on Sunday evening, we landed here. We were seated in the outer portion of the restaurant which I must say was much nicer than the inner section. There are TVs everywhere allowing us to watch the Lyons Dallas game. We ordered the oysters superior which was delicious. The fried green tomatoes were kind of firm, like very firm and there was hardly any crabmeat on the tomatoes so if you are expecting to have a decent amount of jumbo lump crap, it seemed more like a garnish. 
We were seated at 1730 and some time after ordering(BBQ for myself), the waitress comes back to let us know they were sold out of the dish. I kind of expected to hear about that in the specials and I was significantly disappointed since this was most of the reason I came and settled here since we would all be content with something off the menu. We didn't find this out until after 10 minutes of ordering so it was more surprising to here it then. 
The redfish dish that I created us was pretty decent though. It was definitely nothing to write home about but it was ok.Really good food. I arrived like an hour before close in the middle of the week. But everything was still yummy. I can tell the staff was so ready to go home though.Great happy hour!  The chargrilled oysters were pretty good and so was the blackened catfish!  The food was delish!  And $3 glasses of wine and 2 for 1 frozen mojitos were on point!
This gem is out of the hustle and bustle of the French quarter and central business district.  A a short 20 minute ride on the street car will take you right to the doorstep.  The restaurant is more quiet allowing for a more intimate setting.  You can actually talk to your table mate without having to  scream.  And there was a pianist playing a little jazz.  Perfect setting.
I'll definitely be back soon for brunch!
If you're in NO ... check it out!The restaurant is beautiful.Superior Seafood & Oyster Bar is our go to restaurant in our neighborhood.The oysters are fresh and some of the best we've had in New Orleans.It's a bit pricey but the experience is awesome.YUMM!Superior Seafood is the quintessential New Orleans seafood experience. An upscale yet casual and local option with a great variety of fresh and inspired dishes. As an appetizer, one can't pass the fried alligator with house sauce. I highly recommend the Shrimp Andouille Brochette; its grilled bacon flavor lent itself well to the perfectly cooked shellfish filled with cheese and andouille. My wife enjoyed the Pasta Vieux Carre, and our dinner guests ordered the Pasta del Mar...entrees well worth the indulgence. Our server was courteous, knowledgeable and attentive. A great experience and an even better meal.Great Atmosphere/ Great Service.
-Catfish Napoleon - SUPER GOOD!
-Sazerac - solid
-Bread Pudding - Yummy!
Enjoyable experience overall, especially if you want some modern Cajun food outside the French Quarter.Superior Seafood & Oyster Bar
4338 St Charles Ave, New Orleans, LA 70115
http://goo.gl/maps/iaxwk
We stopped in on a rainy Sunday afternoon and found ourselves sitting at the oyster bar and dang the luck if it wasn't happy hour! We had dinner reservations so we didn't want to ruin our appetites so we only had oysters on the half shell and a dozen of the chargrilled. Very close to dragos I must say. at any rate our shucker George was super friendly and didn't really know how to count.  The drinks were cold, oysters were delish and the service was good. 
Urban CowgillThe design of this place reminds me very much of another restaurant in the Quarter but much larger. I didnt like that table was covered in papercloth? In the main area of the dining room the lighting fixtures seemed very boring looking.
The food we got two appetizers the crawfish cornbread and the potato chip and blue cheese dip surprisingly the chips were better than the cornbread. My sister got the shrimp and grits which she loved. I got the tchoupitoulas chicken it was moist but the crawfish tasso cream sauce on top wasnt as satisfying.
The complimentary chocolate cake which taste more like a dark chocolate mousse was so good worth every bite :-)
Im not sure if i would be back cuz the noise level was too much for me.Always eat there when I'm in NOLA!   the frozen mimosas!  The scallops and pesto shrimp risotto are amazing!Second time dining here was for lunch.  They have a drink special menu during lunch hours. Select drinks are $5. I had the blueberry mojito and a strawberry basil mojito. Both were delicious but the strawberry one was awesome. I don't think its on their normal drink menu. I'm not sure if they'd make it anytime. So get it if they have it.
The tuna burger was unimpressive. Chunks of tuna formed into a patty had an odd color, texture and bland taste. I asked and apparently the tuna is brown from the marinade. The Wasabi sauce was overwhelming, it would have been better without it.  The fries are limp and soggy. I wouldn't get this burger again. The chicken Tchopitoulas was very good. I'd recommend it.
Another thing not advertised on their website is $1 bread pudding during lunch!!! Did you hear me people??? ONE DOLLAR! The waiter mentioned it was a dollar and although we were stuffed, it was only a dollar so we got it. I soon wished I had started with dessert. The bread pudding was moist but not wet or soggy, full of cinnamon, and ontop of a delicatly sweet sauce.  We ate every last bite.Came to dinner on a Wednesday night here kicking off a weekend with friends in New Orleans. We stayed off Magazine Street, and the area is a bit pricey as far as food is concerned. We wanted something a little more laid back for our first night in town, and I was honestly worried SS&OB would be too trappy (as in tourist-trappy) but I was extremely pleasantly surprised.
We looked at a couple of higher-end places nearby, but with such small menus and high prices, we were worried not everyone in our group would be satisfied. I would hate to drag a friend to a $30 per plate dinner to have them NOT be able to find something they want!
The place is super cute and feels casual yet dressed up at the same time. It kind of reminds me of an Italian restaurant with the dark wood and vintage tile floors. Anyway you put it, the ambiance is nice. We were seated on the porch area which was nice, dark, and intimate feeling.
We started with some AMAZING cocktails. I had the Frozen French 75 and my gal pal had the Frozen Mimosa. Of course you have to start out with frozen drinks in New Orleans! They were both good but I really loved mine (and I hate gin). The boyfriend got two other drinks that were absolutely delicious but I can't remember what they were. Many of the cocktail items come with delicious fresh MINT that just makes you think, yes, I am in the south on the porch enjoying a cocktail! Next we got Mint Juleps that were strong and delicious.
The food was also great, especially for something that I thought would be too chain-y at first. The boys got fried oyster poboys that were delicious. I got a shrimp salad - shrimp grilled to perfection and a healthy portion. You won't leave this place hungry. My other friend got the Pasta Vieux Carre which was also great and loaded with seafood. Just a huge, ridiculous amount of pasta here. It was a touch spicy but very good.
I would definitely return, and most importantly I would definitely recommend this place to a friend!The shrimp and grits are savory with a cheesy taste. The oysters are fresh. Service was excellent.This place came recommended to us by a former employee and we are so glad we went. Their fish is amazingly prepared and their sides were some of the best I've had. Highly recommend their mash potatoes. And surprisingly their lamb lollipops were out of this world. Our 7 year old asked for a plate of them for dessert.When you see the menu and you can order a carafe of white wine for just $18, that makes you happier from the beginning. Not to mention that the white wine was delicious (it was the first one in the menu). Could this be better? YES! Since it was LSU game night, they have happy our, and all wines were half price! YES YES! My girlfriend and I closed the restaurant, after several carafes. In addition, we had a excellent salad with shrimps, and the simply grilled fish that was perfect for us after a couple of days eating cajun/creole food. SUPERIOR! And order asparagus and french fries. The waitress was so nice, and the cost, less than $60. Fun and yummy night in St. Charles Avenue, in the middle of a cute neighborhood. I will repeat this place for sure.I am going to keep this simple, this place is amazing. The food, the service, everything. It was so good we came back from the night before. The shrimp and grits were the perfect combo. The grilled oysters were my favorite. The atmosphere is also really good. Enough tvs to keep up with the games hat are going. Only annoyance is the construction that is going on if you are sitting outside, but doesn't take away from the experience.Made a reservation for 20, when we arrived they only were able to accommodate 13 of us. The other 7 of us were waiting 40 minutes to be seated. The waiter had a bit of an attitude and they messed up multiple orders. Only giving it 2 stars because the food's pretty good.We had our rehearsal dinner at superior seafood and the private party area was very nice! The food was delicious and the staff was spot on. I don't think I saw anyone with an empty drink the entire night and we had a very large party! They even made the planning process very easy for us as they had many packages to choose from. On top of it all they were extremely reasonable! Would definitely recommend!Excellent food and service....not sure why there are only 4 stars. Bloody Mary's..yummy. shrimp and grits....tasty....not too fancy...just right. Charboiled oysters....sooo good and the fresh warm bread a winner. My husband had the Napoleon ( blackened fish with crawfish etoufee  on top, whipped mashed potatoes and corn) he loved that as well. We will be back on our next visit.
HelenaExcellent happy hour to start an evening!  We accidentally went to Superior Grill, but figured it out soon enough to jump back in the street car the extra 6 or so blocks and were rewarded with 50 cent oysters!  This place is not to be missed!Went with a group of 12 people. The restaurant  was appropriately staffed for the occasion.  We ordered our entrees and the waiter informed us about the house salad. We were sitting for 40 minutes then our entrees arrived. No salad. The waiter, Jacob, said that this restaurant provides salads "at the end of the dinner because it's an Italian tradition."  I think he just forgot to bring them out. We went with a NOLA native who informed us that what he was saying was incorrect. While I understand being busy, I don't understand why you have to lie about the salads. Just say you forgot, rather than making up a restaurant "tradition".  Don't insult my intelligence over a salad. Please.Excellent food and service. I'm from NOLA and my expectations about the taste of food go beyond the bacon and butter smothering. The menu is decent but not extensive; steaks, salads, seafood, pasta and dessert. The prices are a bit high for the appetizers: 10-15$ each, but we had four and all were delicious. 
With regard to the entrees, the veggies were cooked perfectly; not too crunchy/raw and not turned to mush. The flavors were distinctive and not overly heavy (although there was a fair amount of buttery/lardy undercurrent because this is after all NOLA). The dining area is divided into three sections; the bar area, the main dining area and the side dining area. The lighting is dim but not intimate/romantically so; the acoustics are a bit loud and there are TVs dispersed throughout giving it a vaguely sports-bar feel which takes away from the dim, cozy, dark-wood feel of the place. 
The service (Sunday night around 8pm) was excellent and in particular our waitress, Samantha, was genuine, attentive, but not overbearing - basically nice and there when we needed her. 
The only drawback is the limited choices for vegetarians - side-dishes only. I'll definitely go back and I'll recommend it to friends - locals and tourists alike.Great location! Valet parking was wonderful for this area.  The most amazing frozen mojitos ever and the menu selection was great.  A choice spot for a group birthday celebration... They even deliver your cake!no disappointments from this NOLA fav!So we were in town on vacation and choose this place because our daughter cannot eat gluten and this was the number 1 recommended place for gluten free because its big menu.
The good news is our daughter loved her meal.  As for the rest of us, it was barely average.
The chargrilled oysters were burnt and tasted like gas char??  The bacon wrapped scallops were good but the bacon had a gas taste??? flavor to it.
The bbq shrimp meal was awful.  it was hard to peal because they were overcooked.  The shrimp were so mushy, they were awful.
The kids meal burger was so charred that my child wouldn't eat it.  I tasted a bite and it was crunchy, burnt.  Her french fries were mushy.
The fish of the day was average, the bottom was burned and the asparagus and Brussel sprouts were cold with a hot piece of fish.  The brussel sprouts served cold were mushy and the asparagus was so crunchy and stringy - I had to spit them in a napkin.
The salmon on the mushroom risotto was the only winner for entrees. 
$180 for this gift to a restaurant we won't be returning to ever again in less it it gluten free take out.
I gave it two stars because of excellent service and and my daughter really enjoyed her gluten free meal.Sunday brunch in New Orleans is a bit of an ordeal, to put it lightly.  Most of the more well known brunch spots fill up rather early on in the day so we were tasked with pinning down a brunching spot that met our time crunch criteria.  While a handful of other places quoted an hour and half or even flat out refused to give a time over the phone (geeze, fine then!), Superior Seafood had plenty of space for us.
We arrive to a mostly empty restaurant (the place is massive, to its credit), but the service was still somewhat leisurely doled out.  Typical NOLA!  There is of course nothing vegan suitable here, except the bowl of fruit, which was meager and mostly cantaloupes, but that's what I was expecting.  My friends, however, all really seem to enjoy their selections.  I was quite envious of all the $3 frozen and $4 mimosas they were able to enjoy, I abstained due to the upcoming drive back to Houston (my sober driving skills have been described as "questionable," so yeah, declining the delicious drinks all because of my public safety concerns, how swell am I?!).
I did notice than this place seems to be popular with the elderly crowd, which I kind of think is adorable.  I suppose because it's quieter here and it has a bit of a sophisticated feel.  I wonder if this place gets packed at all since it's pretty darn massive.  
Anyway, if you're seeking a brunch spot because all the other places require extensive waits and you like seafood - might want to hit this place up.Went here for my friends birthday and they were very accommodating for a big group! I'm not big on seafood but they had a lot of great and different options. Personal favorite is the bread they serve you. They offer some nice little drink specials as well depending on the day. It does seem to get very busy so make a reservation or be prepared to wait.Never spent so much money on a meal but most of it was worth it .way too much bread for the Pinot , great oysters , good seafood gumbo overall I enjoyed itWe were on a street car just looking at the beautiful architecture when someone called out, "Superior Seafood famous shrimp Poboy!" Our stomachs started growling then so we decided to get off and try this place. 
Everything was so delicious! The shrimp po boy was good, but I think the chargrilled oysters were amazing!! I also got the Napoleon black fish which was also amazing. 
I loved the live music and the service was wonderful. We sat on the patio, listened to some live jazz and truly enjoyed our wine and food. What a great experience!Great food, atmosphere and prices! Pear Salad and Grilled Salmon with veggies. Both excellent choices.Visited 10/25/16 for dinner 
This was a quick dinner because we had some fried chicken at Neyows around 1:30, so we weren't all that hungry... but we were in New Orleans so 'ya gotta eat!' 
The best raw oysters so far... and at HAPPY HOUR!  Oysters were half priced until 6:30pm
My wife had mac and cheese with crawfish. Pretty yummy, although she felt the pasta was just a bit too well done. 
I had a bowl of gumbo which was pretty good too, if a bit thick. I found out after going to the New Orleans School of Cooking how to make gumbo and what they made for us there was much more soup like (thinner) than what I ate here. However, we were told that the longer the gumbo sits and simmers, the thicker it will become. That plus adding too much okra can cause it to thicken too much too. Still... I like the gumbo here... alot. Thick or thin.I've been to this place countless times over the years. Consistently great food and service....and happy hours. It's a friendly atmosphere with some live music playing in the late evenings. You can go in wearing shorts and a tee or business casual and never feel out of place. 
Try any of the of local fares from gumbo to red fish and you won't go wrong. 
The tuna tartar is fresh with great tasting Asian flavors!
Also hit up their happy hour for the frozen French 75 and oysters!
AND they also have a bomb-ass flowerless chocolate cake! 
Done. Go try them.This is my second time here, and as a vegetarian they have been super accommodating and the food has been Excellent!! The tchoptitoulas chicken and seafood chicken were perfect according to my friends. Ask for Fernando, He's a amazing server.The oyster here is so fresh and delicious. I will be comming every time I back to NOLA!My fiancée and I stumbled upon Superior Seafood a few weeks ago. We had planned to grab lunch on St. Charles and take the streetcar downtown, and I had been craving charbroiled oysters. WORST IDEA EVER! We walk into the restaurant with high hopes, since we are very fond of its sister establishment, Superior Grill. However, the hostess is taking a personal phone call AT the hostess station, and does not even acknowledge us for a good 3-4 minutes, even though we are facing each other. That encounter set the mood for the rest of our meal. I was livid. I mustered up enough courage to complain to the manager, who stated he would have a word with the girl. Next, our oysters came out... They were alright but nowhere near the level I was expecting. And our entrees were terrible. We will not be back. They should put their priorities in order and invest in waiters and hostesses with experience rather than employ college kids who don't care about the level of service they are providing!This place is incredible. Service is impeccable. The char-broiled oysters are out of this world! You're paying top dollar, but you seriously get what you pay for. We came here to celebrate my 24th birthday while on vacation in NOLA. Our Airbnb hosts strongly recommended this place and I'm so glad we took the suggestion seriously! It was my first time trying oysters in general and I wanted to really taste what this city had to offer, so of course I came for the seafood. We had 3 different kinds of oysters: angels on hasselback (wrapped in bacon, OMG SO GOOD), the char-broiled (my personal fave) and my boyfriend opted in for the raw because it was happy hour and we got a set of 6 for $3! The crawfish cornbread as an appetizer was also delish! My stomach left feeling so happy!The biggest, freshest most delicious oysters we've had here in New Orleans. We've been on an oyster binge for the past 6 days and Superior had the best by far. We had the raw oysters and angels on horseback... OMG!!! Deeelish!!!. We also had the crawfish cornbread which is also a must for appetizer.I love this place , fantastic food and great service. Everything you would want in a dining experienceMy wife and I could not wait until Superior Seafood finally opened. We dine out 5 times per week and usually take the street car to the Quarter as there are many eateries to choose from that serve fish. To our delight, the food and service was excellent at Superior Seafood. We have been there several times and will continue to frequent this restaurant for many reasons including the fact that it is within walking distance from our home. I am pre-diabetic and cannot eat starches or fried food. The servers and cooks understand this and have my fish grilled in olive oil with no sauce and green veggies substituted for potatoes. An excellent dinner salad is also included with any entree. You can't help but like a restaurant that will do this for you. As far as an earlier review that said salt was used to an extreme, I have never experienced this and if it ever happens, one should mention this before ordering your second dish and not just sit there and say nothing. We like eating  in the bar area and enjoy the Happy Hour M-Sun from 4-630PM when their house wine which is very good is $9 for a full carafe. They also have a late night Happy Hour which I believe is Tu-Sat 10PM-CC. We have met all the managers who are extremely friendly and accommodating. This is an excellent restaurant with affordable prices for everyone's pocketbook .Great Spot. Enjoyed every last morsel. My friend ordered the Shrimp, which was stuffed with sausage and wrapped in bacon .... Sounds magical ... I on the other hand, tried the Cajun Snapper topped with lemon caper crab !! Nom Nom... I'm from the greater ny area- so prices were comparable.Delicious dinner! Last minute reservation and we were seated immediately...on a Saturday night. HIGHLY recommend reservations unless you're ok with hanging at the bar (which isn't the worst thing). Joe was our waiter, friendly and knowledgeable and very accommodating with drink suggestions and samples. Appetizers came quickly however when the gumbo wasn't up to par, joe immediately took care of it. The alligator was delicious! Our entrees were fish, filet mignon, scallops and seafood pasta...all were fabulous. The crawfish risotto...yum!! Off the beaten path, not the Bourbon St crowd and well worth it!from start to finish this is a gem of the crescent city. 
the wait staff were prompt, attentive and friendly. their knowledge of the menus as well as general information related to creole and Cajun cuisine was delightfully helpful in selecting what food to dine on for dinner.
although pretty basic, the bread was too soft, warm and fluffy not be included in the daily calorie count (yummy point #1)
I thought it was strange that they brought out my side dish with our appetizes of oysters and crawfish but we ate it either way. the spinach itself was too basic, under seasoned (I am used to garlic and spinach always) but heavily salted.  The oysters were delightful. not sure where they were from but they were a lot less brimey than those we recently had at luke a few days prior.  although its the start of crawfish season, the ones we had were a lil small but still delicious and wonderfully spiced.  a lil kick with each bite and suck, I wish they had a hand out on how to eat them correctly. 
for main dishes I had the fried green tomatoes topped with crabmeat and my mother had shrimp and grits. her grits were pretty watery compared to what is the norm for nawlins and the fried green tomatoes were once again under seasoned (perhaps more sauce on the top) compared to the awesome ones I've had to Elizabeth's in the Bywater area .
the phenomenal bar list, service, and overall quality of the food makes this place earn its stars and stripes in my book!!Customer dinner. My guests enjoyed every plate presented. Woo hoo. Crawfish cornbread is A M A Z I N G. and the charbroiled oysters are the bomb.My girlfriend, roommate, and I came here for my last night in town for a while.  So we went all out.
We got there with 30 minutes left in Happy Hour, so we took advantage of 2 for 1 Frozen Pomegranate Mojitos and 50 cent raw oysters.  The mojitos were very flavorful and the oysters were good clean raw oysters.
My girlfriend ordered the Tchoupitoulas Chicken and my roommate ordered the Shrimp and Grits, both of which came with a salad.  I ordered 1/2 an Angels on Horseback po-boy and char-grilled oysters.  The salads were your average dinner salad with a house dressing and feta.  The char-grilled oysters were perfectly good and had the perfect amount of butter, garlic, and cheese.
The main courses were all absolutely fantastic.  The chicken was served on whipped potatoes and asparagus and topped with swiss cheese.  And the shrimp and grits has excellent flavor.  My po-boy was to die for.  The bacon-wrapped fried oysters were heavenly, and I could've eaten just two dozen of those.  The fries that came with it were fantastic as well - crispy and well-seasoned.  
Of course we all got dessert.  My girlfriend got the creme brulee - her favorite.  My roommate got the pumpkin spice bread pudding, which was DELICIOUS.  I got the profiteroles, which were garnished with chocolate ganache; and I thoroughly enjoyed them.
For as much as we got, the price was not bad at all. Well worth what we paid.
All in all, we all loved our meal and will definitely be back.We are visiting from Florida. After a long day at the zoo, I took my family of 5 here. My wife and I both had cocktails, which were great. I had an Old Fashioned and she had the the Froze. 1775 (I think).  We had a dozen oysters (only 6.00 on happy hour) and the gumbo. Both were excellent. The gumbo had a rich complex flavor and the oysters were super fresh but a little shelly. For an entree, we split the Shrimp and Grits. Again, very delicious. Kids had the burger. They were satisfied. 
Great location on St. Charles with the street cars passing by and a piano player.  Restaurant is beautiful and definitely "NOLA."  would definitely return.What a find!
We were on the St Charles street car mid-day in the summer and saw an advertisement...and low and behold it was in front of us at the corner.  We jumped off to cool down.   We had a dozen oysters and 2 cold Abita's beers at the Oyster Bar.....fire roasted perfection.  Buttery, garlicy...served with a loaf hot crusty bread to get every drop of the juices.
If you are riding up to the Garden district this is a perfect on/off street car stop...PERFECT!We came here recently on a trip to New Orleans for Sunday Brunch and were pretty disappointed. All of our food was lukewarm or cold upon arrival - we ate it anyways, because we were super hungry, but it was a solidly underwhelming experience compared with the reviews. Seems more like a tourist trap than an actual fine dining establishment. 
However I'm about 90% sure that they gave us food poisoning - as both my partner and I've been dealing with very upset stomachs since we ate there. Possibly due to the improper serving temperature of the food. 
Skip this place if you can, there are much better (and cheaper) restaurants in the area. Tho, if you absolutely must come here - go for brunch as the prices are much more reasonable.Second time there and remains one of our favorites... The charbroiled oyster are the best we've tasted in town. Entrees were great also.... Huge plate of shrimp (not deveined which was sad) and grits, scallops were small though, but the red fish special made up for it. 
Service was good. All in all, will go back for the delectable food.This was my first time to superior seafood and oyster bar.  Unfortunately,  I was very disappointed. The service was slow.  We ordered an appetizer that never made it to the table.   And finally when our entrees came out, it was cold!!   The seafood gumbo lacked seafood and our drinks were never refilled.  I was also turned off by the flies in the rest.  Overall,  I was not satisfied and wanted to throw up when I left.  I will not be returning!!