Simply perfect! Amazing service, atmosphere and best of all, amazing sushi!
Loved the mackerel & ginger roll, midcity roll and the crunchy roll! Highly recommend Sushi Brothers!I've been to Sushi Brothers several times for lunch to meet a friend. It's not very crowded during the day, so easy to get a table. They have their own parking lot across the street which is nice because street parking around that area can be hard to find. Today I had the seaweed salad and the Sushi Brothers special roll. The roll has salmon and avocado on top and tempura salmon and cream cheese inside. My friend had a house salad with extra ginger dressing, miso soup and tempura shrimp. All were good and fresh.While visiting my friends in Nola, they said that we shoudl get some sushi from this place. 
I was like, SUSHI?!?!?
Shouldn't we be dining on red beans & rice, Jambalaya and other Cajun cuisine?
They assured I was in for a treat. 
Boy, were they correct. 
When we arrived, the place was packed. 
This is always a good sign!
I had the the Gumbo Miso Soup, the Rainbow Roll and the Saints Black and Yellow Roll. 
The Gumbo Miso Soup was great. The fresh okra & shrimp was a touch that I loved. 
I always like to get a Rainbow roll when I eat sushi, b/c it allows me to judge how fresh the fish is. I was thoroughly impressed. it was the freshest fish I have ever tasted. 
The Black and Gold Saints Roll was so flavorful.
A delicious mixture of coconut shrimp, cream cheese and mango puree!
Great Job Sushi Brothers, you proved to me that New Orleans can do sushi perfectly!!Went in for lunch. Manager said they were about to close, but if we could order quickly they'd serve us, so we did. We then tried to have lunch while a table of customers and staff, including the manager, sat there screaming because there was soccer on tv. Not talking loudly, not cheering, and not yelling, but SCREAMIIINNNGGG!!!! Shooting them looks did nothing. When we raised our conversation to their volume and started saying "WHAT DID YOU SAY? I COULDN'T HEAR YOU OVER THOSE PEOPLE," they got the message and quieted down for a moment, but it didn't last. When the manager brought the check I calmly said, "So let me ask you something: if you went to a restaurant to have a nice lunch, and instead had to sit through customers, the staff and management screaming the whole time, how much of a discount would you ask for?" He then started yelling at me rather loudly (although to be fair, not quite full-on screaming, because by then I could tell you the difference) about how he had done us a favor by letting us in after they closed, and we should be thanking him, and next time he wouldn't be so nice. As if there'd be a next time.The service was extremely rude. As a female, I was never asked to get out since I was sleepy. As long as they received money, they don't let you rest there for a little and asked you to get out. The food was also really bad. The salmon was really tiny and smelled weird. Don't waste your money there if you want a happy Mardi Gras or NOLA experience.Went there recently for lunch, even though the quality has gone downhill the past year. I was by myself, it's not crowded and the greeter, when finding out I'm a party of one, tries to force me to the sushi bar. I said, no can I sit at a two-top. He says they are all reserved, which is BS. When I shifted my bag in my arm, I guess he thought I was going to sit at a table and he blocked my way. seriously! 
Want the best sushi on town, you got to go to Shogun in Metairie. And they don't make you sit at the sushi bar.I don't understand the high amount of positive reviews for Sushi Brothers.  In a city with a glaring lack of quality sushi restaurants, maybe people are more forgiving in their critiques.  The problem is that Sushi Brothers is just not very good even when compared to the other places in town.
THE GOOD
Yellowtail Roll:  Pretty much the only thing I completely enjoyed.  I like their combo of yellowtail, smelt roe, and avocado as opposed to the more traditional green onion that typically goes with yellowtail.  Fortunately this particular cut of fish tasted fresh.
THE BAD
Crawfish Roll:  They drench their crawfish in spicy mayo sauce.  I HATE rolls drenched in sauce.  You couldn't even taste the crawfish.  Gross.  Why do people insist on over-saucing sushi???  Don't you want to be able to taste what you're actually eating?
Squid Steak:  Over-cooked squid, soaked in butter.  I know that it's traditionally prepared with butter but I've had squid steak many times at other sushi places and the aroma/flavor of butter has never overwhelmed the squid like it did here.  Bad, bad news.
Assorted Veggie Tempura:  I originally thought these were decent, but upon reflection I realize that was probably just the hunger talking.  Wayyyyy too overbattered, not crunchy at all, made it very tough to eat.  I would not recommend ordering tempura in any form from them if that's how they batter their food.
House Special Roll:  They double-wrapped the seaweed around the roll, making it hard to chew through.  Come on guys.  Even if I can get through it, that's unacceptable.
PURGATORY
Levee Voice Roll:  One of their "Special New Rolls" that has potential as it was something I'd never seen in a roll before.  They placed a Blue Crab "paste" on the top of the roll that would have been quite delicious if they didn't smother it with sauce.  And of course the nasty crawfish was inside too.  If I had to go to Sushi Brothers again, I would order this roll but ask for no sauce and subbing out the crawfish for something else.
Service:  It wasn't bad in terms of neglect, but everyone there was so awkward that it made me pseudo-uncomfortable.  And it had nothing to do with a language barrier too, as all the servers and bussers were ABCs (or ABVs most probably).  Hard to describe.  Just weird.  Fortunately they're pretty good about requests, as they allowed us to get the rolls cut into 8 pieces and also sub out soy paper for regular seaweed (seriously, why does anyone like soy paper?  It tastes literally like a piece of paper in your mouth).
OVERALL
Can't quite give it 1-star because at the very least I would come here again for the Levee Voice Roll (modified) if someone else really wanted to, but it definitely would not be recommended.  There are better places, even in a sushi-starved city like New Orleans.The entrees were okay, the server was very nice and very attentive to make sure our water cups were filled and asked if we needed anything. 
The only 2 thing I wasn't too please about was that the chefs puts their entrees on top of their cooler case in front of us so that the servers would reach over us or around us to get there food. Also our sushi chef did not know a lot of the Japanese names of the fish. 
Other than those two complaints I would have given it a 5 star ratings.This place is terrible! I don't know what you people are talking about. No offense to out of towners, which seem to comprise many of these reviews, but C'MON. Not only are the rolls, appetizers, AND entrees wayyy overpriced, but they don't even taste good! 
The fish is still partially frozen (much too hard, as Kate C. says in her review) and the cuts are thick and flavorless. I don't care how much sauce and crunchy you pile on top, I can still taste cheap fish. 
We came once by accident, originally intending to go to Slice, and then changing our minds last minute. I ordered the dinner special salmon teriyaki, which, at almost $20, you would think would come with something besides just the entree. No. No soup or salad included, just a long wait for over saccharine fish (just drenched in sauce), a huge bowl of steamed rice, 2 pieces of unripe fruit, and some sort of forgettable vegetables.
Daniel ordered some rolls, I think a fresh salmon and special eel roll and then one of their specialty rolls, and I ate maybe one piece of each. 
Never coming here again. You shouldn't either.Sushi brothers might be my new favorite sushi restaurant. 
I think sushi falls a little short in nola, obviously not our specialty, but this place picks up some of the slack. Comparatively, it has many more options than other sushi joints in the city. The fish always seems to be pretty fresh. They have a variety of rolls that are creative with lots of ingredients but still good. Volcano roll = awesome. Also the food is well constructed, it actually looks appealing, not just your average kernels of rice rolled around some seaweed around some crappily cut fish. Overall you're getting some decent sushi for a good price, yay.
I like the decor too, it's very j-pop and cute.Doesn't have the most space, but the miso soup is the best miso I've had in a while. 
I don't like a bitter miso soup. the broth here seems homemade, not like it came from a just add water mix. Yes, this soup gets personal.
Also, the service I receive here is stellar. All smiles combined with quality sushi.A really decent sushi place right on St. Charles.
We went in here at a really slow time, so we got insanely quick service. It's full service, which includes warm, wet hand towels and a cup of tasty soup. All of our food was out within 4 or 5 minutes of ordering. We ordered their crab dumplings as an appetizer- these were awesome... so tiny and adorable! I would definitely get them again. We also got a Fema Roll, which was my favorite roll that we tried.
A major point for this place is that they actually have a parking lot! It's across St. Charles from the restaurant, so you might miss it. But it's there.
The pricing is very moderate. You can definitely eat cheaply here if you want to. Their whole menu (including prices) is on their website.
It's not 5 stars because the decor is slightly lacking. The place is clean, but not exactly trendy. They have a very nice restroom. Overall, it's not my favorite sushi place in town, but it's a close second.Our favorite sushi in the city. Quality is consistently high, portions are consistently large. A delicious, totally ridiculous roll is the saints black and gold- a highly authentic combination of cream cheese, mango, and fried coconut shrimp that was a favorite of the ancient samurai in Japan. 
The Nebayaki udon is generous and the broth rich- share with a friend and ask for an extra bowl for serving. If keeping things light, the cucumber salad is deliciously marinated with choice cuts of fish.Had the black and gold roll which was Wonderful. The server was great and the atmosphere is true amazing. Prices are also reasonable for being sushi!!! Will be coming back  in future visits to new orleans.A very underrated place. Cheap beer, interesting rolls (The Black and Gold roll is a personal favorite), and a very fun staff!If I could give this place zero stars, I would. The service was horrible, the rolls were very messy and rushed, and the rice was hard and grainy. The rolls were drowned in different sauces, which was the restaurant's failed attempt to add some flavor in their sushi. The server had a negative attitude and threw our food on the table. I was very disappointed. I wouldn't recommend anyone to this restaurant.1 star for being edible, and an extra star for being relatively cheap! 
I have yet to find great sushi in New Orleans, and Sushi Brothers is no exception.  My friend and I sat at the sushi bar for our meal.  I watched as the chef whipped up roll after roll in a matter of seconds.  He seemed like he could care less about the quality of the rolls. Every single roll was completed drenched in some special sauce or another and packed with so much roe, you couldn't taste anything else!  He was in such a rush, he topped off our order with about 10 sesame seeds, covering only 1/4 of the rolls. 
The chicken teriyaki was the only thing we got that lacked sauce! It was basically a dried up chicken breast with a light drizzle of teriyaki sauce on top. It seemed like an after thought..
We also ordered the FEMA roll, which was actually pretty tasty. However, like a lot of other special rolls on the menu, it just looked really unappetizing. It was so massive, and the spicy tuna mush on top just looked gross. 
I will say the atmosphere was nice and casual, and the service was quick. Otherwise, I really wouldn't recommend this place.I came in at lunch and the parking lot across the street was packed but fortunately I found a free spot on st. Charles.  I sat at the bar and ordered the shrimp tempura and eel rolls.  The rolls are a good size and tasted super fresh!  They came with complimentary miso soup and it was really good! I liked the vibe inside. Very small and intimate but clean.  I will definitely return!So good we ate here twice during our 5 days staying in the garden district. Sushi is amazingly fresh, the special rolls are great too. If you get tired of shrimp and grits, cleanse your palate here.Sushi Brothers had some good sushi! We really enjoyed the Saints Black & Gold roll. If memory serves me correctly, it had some mango on top, which made for an awesome flavor! I also appreciated that the restaurant had private parking on St. Charles which made getting in & out super easy.
They could afford to do a little more with the atmosphere, and their edamame was clearly microwaved from a frozen state. But overall, not a bad experience at all!Some of the best sushi I've ever had. Large rolls and great service!Great service and great food
Loved getting the warm wash clothes.  It's the little things.  And if there is an ingredient in your sushi roll that you don't like they'll take it out.I wanted to quickly go in and grab a quick lunch and that's exactly what I did. 
The place was sort of empty but it was also a late lunch. The hostess had me fill out my choices on a list of sushi they offer....pretty large menu. I waited 5-10 minutes at the sushi bar stools and the food was ready to go. 
Nothing life changing, but good sushi.Consistently delicious rolls. LSU, Metairie, spicy tuna, and tiger roll have never let me down. Quick service and friendly staff. Rolls aren't beautiful or always proportionately cut, but it's definitely never been a let down!We have been here several times and always enjoy it!!! Our favorites are the Spicy Tuna Roll (very spicy and flavorful), the Blue Crab Roll (need I say more..? ) so fresh and delicous, and the Salmon Skin Handroll (very cripsy and generous with salmon skin). The service is always cheerful and friendly and efficient. The miso soup is excellent and is always served. My husband had the seaweed salad on this last visit, and it was very flavorful. On this last visit, I ordered the Special Box, and it was so delicious! Very nice sized box and the snowcrab was just as delicate as could be.All the sushi is well presented and pretty.  The atmostphere is very bright and nice and clean.Their location right on St. Charles Avenue is just perfect.  My only wish is that the music were a little more calming or different, but it is fine. All good here. The private lot is a big plus, and that is a big reason why we come here. It is easy to get there and so satisfying!!!!!!I lived around the corner from this place for years and used to eat at the old place 2-3 times a month...knew the watresses by name.  They new my dogs name..we would get takeout a lot.  It was great after Katrina too...cheap decent sushi with great people and large portions.  Great neighborhood place.  I am back from california and went for lunch last month.  Sushi was decent...then  a baby cockroach walked out from a crack in the sushi bar.  Told the waiter...he said nothing and walked off.  I killed it.  He came back 10 minutes later with a napkin but I'd already killed it.  bad tip for him.said absolutely nothing, no appology nothing.  Baby cockroaches says breeding in the sushi bar.  Never going back...sad.  I loved the old place.Sushi Bros. has hands down the best Sushi in NOLA.
And I have had great Sushi.
Not many Sushi places have Poke, which is a sublime delicacy.
Sushi Bros Poke Salad, keeps bringing me back EVERY TIME!!
 am not into the sushi with Mayo, but even that, is tasty.
The Miso is delicious, and the atmosphere is friendly.
Ample parking (In Uptown, Unheard of) is available.
Give this place a try.
As a former Maui Boy, who, trust me, knows GOOD SUSHI,
Sushi Bros, is the place to go.You know how it is, sushi is good until you have an absolutely fantastic piece and you realize how good it could be. Well, Sushi Brothers isn't going to show you that light. It's fine, until you realize there is better.
We went in late on St. Patrick's day because it was the only sushi restaurant we called without a long wait and were immediately seated at the sushi bar. In our towering positions, we surveyed the crowd - what appeared to be locals and college students (many in green!) - and the sushi rollers - exactly who you'd expect. Starving, we overordered and were brought our dishes in rapid-fire succession (much faster than you would expect it to take, should it have been created with careful thought and attentiveness).
There was nothing unusual, nor extraordinary, about the soups or the edamame. The rolls, however, were bland and literally doused in souces. Those that weren't, such as the vegetable and asparagus tempura, were flavorless. I must admit that I had a magical connection with the house special souce soaking through the pieces-too-large-for-your-mouth of the FEMA roll. Its texture is similar to that of mayonnaise and is undoubtedly far more caloric than you would hope for with a light sushi meal, but a delight to my Southern taste buds nonetheless. My friend, the sushi expert, was not very pleased with his meal and left behind many sushi pieces as he, too, overordered. 
Conclusion: I would come back here if in the area and craved sushi, but would not seek it out.One of two places on the city that serves real crabmeat with certain selections. Great location, but usually a hassle to park during lunch hours. The service is great and the sushi is awesome!!!Staff is extremely attentive and nice. The food is also great. Very underrated compared to the other reviews. My favorite is their squid steak, LSU roll, and calamari crunchy roll. If my family and I are in the city and want sushi, we typically stop here. No pictures because I'm typically too hungry to wait!This place deserves high marks for how fast, fresh, and delicious their sushi is. If I lived closer to the area, this would probably be my go-to place for sushi. Every time I go here, I get the Big Easy Roll. It is one of my favorites of all time from any sushi restaurant. Their other rolls are good as well, and are what you can expect from a typical sushi place. Everything is very fresh from my experience. I once got their uni - sea urchin and it was fantastically fresh and delicious. I think their prices are really reasonable, also, their service is incredibly fast, for both dine-in and carry out.Consistently delicious rolls. LSU, Metairie, spicy tuna, and tiger roll have never let me down. Quick service and friendly staff. Rolls aren't beautiful or always proportionately cut but it's definitely never been a let down!Warning: I love sushi and I have high standards when it comes to sushi. 
This is not good sushi. Mediocre at best. I also had the Squid Steak, which I order and love other places in town. Yeah......not so much. It had an oily sheen to the sauce it was in. Low quality all around...which when I am eating anything raw- those are not words I want to hear.In New Orleans Sushi bro. is one of the best places to eat sushi. 
Its good, inexpensive, the service is great. 
I enjoy the crunchy calamari. Very good & filling.A great place for lunch.  For around $5, you can choose a roll from a very diverse menu and it comes with a bowl of delicious clear soup, or there are lunch specials in the $10-$15 range if you are more hungry.  The sushi is very good, and the place is elegant without being too pretentious to make you feel uncomfortable.  I had to laugh about a previous reviewer's recommendation not to sit at the bar if you don't know Japanese etiquette, though-- I got some harsh looks from the chefs as well, and it was strange since they were otherwise friendly and welcoming.  Now I know-- I must have rubbed my chopsticks together or did some other incredibly crass-from-a-Japanese-point-of-view thing!I am part of a little group that has been nick-named the "Sushi Small Group" because every other week we get together and have dinner at a different sushi restaurant in the NOLA metro area.  This night was Sushi Brothers.  Where to begin..............how about parking.  A whole lot- I mean an actual LOT with plenty of parking ON St Charles.  I had to jog across St Charles at rush hour with a cake but that wasn't the restaurant's fault.  So I pop into the restaurant a little early because we didn't have reservations and we are always a party of 6 or more (and I had birthday cake in a soggy-wet bakery box to deal with as well).  The young man was standing in front of me before the door was closed trying to get me seated (and the cake out of my hands - I am certain that I looked like an accident waiting to happen).  I explained the situation and described the birthday girl.  I handed over the cake and the candles and he thoughtfully inquired how many candles.  He went and got a large table put together for us and sat me almost immediately.  Then came the warm towel (oooooooooo  ;o)) and he got my drink order.  As my group trickled in he kept pace with drink orders and refills.  We were finally all there and he took our orders, made excellent recommendations.  Our dinners arrived promptly and all at the same time. The food was spectacular.  Beautiful presentation - you need to check out the dragon roll!!!   The portions were ample...........more than ample........... really generous servings.  The prices were super reasonable, as far as sushi restaurants go it was downright inexpensive!!!  Now back to the birthday part...........this is one of the situations that usually has a funny fluke..........but not tonight.  He put exactly right number of candles, lit them in the back and delivered directly to the birthday girl.........wait for it.............WITH SERVING PIECES to cut and serve.  Now I'm not talking about a butter knife and fork, not even a big knife and fork, I mean a dessert serving set worthy of a wedding.  All of this and never saw my iced tea glass less than 1/2 full!!!  One of the guests declared it the best sushi he had ever had - ever!!  Go there.  Go there NOW.  What are you waiting for???OK, I know this sounds odd, but I love Little Tokyo's sushi. It is always fresh and well rolled. So I am hesitant to try other places. Nic, took me to Sushi Brothers last Friday. There was no one there, at first. I told him, i felt like that was not a good sign. Well as usual, my thinker is badly damaged, and once again, I was wrong. As soon as we were seated, the place filled up. It was crazy. We ordered the octopus salad and the squid salad. Fresh and tasty. The clear soup was good too. We had the Black and Gold roll, very yummy. The Dragon roll, beautiful to look at and even better to eat. The special crunchy roll are fresh and crunchy. The service was very good also. The prices were a little better than Little Tokyo.Not as good as geisha sushi at my hometown but this place have pretty good food.  Better than a log of others in town.Really really great food here!! They gave me a soup on the house to begin with and the sushi was freshly made and was so filling and delicious. I got the soft shell crab rolls and the tempura shrimp. Well worth the money I paid and it wasn't even that expensive!! Great service alsoGood sushi! Rainbow roll was great. I think we over ordered though because we had so much leftoverUgh, I hate when I have to come to this place. The food is really sub-par. They have some of the worst gyoza dumplings in town. All of their sushi is so.. mayo-ey and tastes not fresh at all. The prices aren't too bad.
Their chicken teriyaki is horrible.Came here tonight for a guys night out! It was fantastic. Philadelphia roles were executed perfectly. Will definitely be returning.I took'em up on their takeout menu you can handily find online.  I have yet to eat onsite but it basically seems almost like a smaller version of a sports bar/wing joint only w/sushi.  Yes, some game was being shown.  As I don't do sports, the takeout fit the bill.  If you do do sports and sushi, well now!
I ordered 4 rolls that were all amazing.  Rock N Roll, Spicy Crunchy, Special Eel, and Rainbow.  Salivating just thinking about it.  My wife ordered a seaweed salad and a broccholi salad.  The latter was nothing more than yes, broccholi.
Looking forward to enjoying their rolls again.Not too bad for a cheap sushi restaurant, but Kyoto off of Prytania would be my preference next time.  The rolls are a good size, there a quite a variety, but not the freshest ingredients. They do have a decent collection of Sake.
As far as ambiance:  We were among only three other restaurants at 9 on a Friday night. The bathrooms were not clean. Bright lighting gave it a cafeteria type feel.I've been to a few sushi restaurants in town and this one is by far my favorite. The edamame is perfectly cooked every time with the right amount of salt on each pod. I get the vegetarian roll that is always full of fresh avocado and crispy asparagus, cucumber, carrot, and sprouts. The crawfish roll is also amazing with its generous amount of spicy mayo. The tempura vegetables were alright when a friend ordered them but they aren't really my thing.
Service is always friendly, food is quick, and I never have a problem finding parking near the restaurant.Awesome food! Everything was good but the Brothers Special Roll and Volcano Roll were especially good. Fast and good service too.If you are looking for 'Japanese food' but aren't an adventurous eater, this is the spot for you: this is the most Americanized sushi I've ever had. Hands down terrible, sloppy, big portioned, American sushi rolls. Nothing fresh or beautiful about it.service was lightning-fast, usually a good thing but almost too fast for sushi
rowdy group came in who seemed to know the management and disrupted a typically quiet japanese meal but they carried on as if at a bachelor party.
food quality - very good
service - too fast (but that's usually a good thing)
noise - waaayyy too much but it could be an anomalyComing from New York, NY I didn't expect such a quality. Arrogant me but I learned my lesson! Love this place!Yeah, I know what you're saying. "You go all the way to New Orleans and you get SUSHI"?? Well, this is possibly one of the BEST li'l sushi houses I've ever been too. Nothing fancy. Only a couple dozen tables but DAMN GOOD SUSHI! 
We ordered four different rolls. All came beautifully presented, prompt and oh so delicious. The salmon sashimi was fresh, firm and plentiful. Tempuras crisp, light, and hot. And the service was very friendly and attentive. 
Say what you will about going against the Creole gods. We'll go again to Sushi Brothers if the opportunity presents itself.This is my favorite sushi spot in New Orleans because it is consistently the best.  Their rolls are top-notch and my favorites include spicy tuna, tiger roll, special crunchy roll, rock-n-roll, calamari crunch and volcano.  Their spicy tuna is truly the best I have ever had.  Until trying their spicy seafood salad three years ago, I did not eat raw fish but, something about that beautiful spicy fish sauce on top of assorted fish made me a convert.  
The staff is always super friendly and efficient.  The floor to ceiling windows overlooking St. Charles Avenue give a clean brightness to the space.  They also have a parking lot directly across the street from the restaurant next to Hoshun that is for Sushi Brothers parking only.  Super convenient for the lunch crowd who needs to get in and out!  Favoritest ever!I used to say Kyoto was my favorite. But when I moved int to the Lower Garden District, this fast became my new favorite sushi restaurant. I am not going to lie... over Mardi Gras this year, I definitely went to Sushi Brothers 5 times in 4 days. I crave it daily and only my empty wallet stops me from ordering it.
The service is always good. They serve you complimentary soup. They give you the most sushi for your dollar.
My personal favorite rolls include the Asparagus Tempura (SO YUMMY), the Avocado Sushi pieces (topped with a creamy, slightly spicy sesame sauce), the Tamago Sushi, and my favorite starter, besides edamame, is the cold broccoli salad, which comes with  what I think may be a wasabi ranch dipping sauce.
I could eat there everyday if I could afford my sushi addiction. Now, whenever I got out to say, Sake, Hoshun, or Kyoto, I always find myself sad that I'm not at Sushi Brothers instead.
Would I go there again? Hell, yes. I'll go right now, actually.I think people are giving this place a bad reputation when it doesn't deserve one. I'm from San Francisco, where amazing sushi restaurants really are a dime a dozen, so I like to think I know a thing or two about good sushi.
The location can't be beat (it's like 5 blocks from the freeway), and they even have FREE parking right across the street - VERY IMPORTANT! The food is delicious, reasonably priced, and most importantly? Fresh. Okay so maybe the restaurant interior isn't worthy of a magazine feature, but who really cares? It's CLEAN and well-maintained. And isn't the food the most important thing anyway? In my opinion, ambiance always takes a back seat to good food.
This place might only get four stars, except for one very important final detail: they do not blast their music. I love love love that. All in all? 
This place is great, and is the place I have decided to call my sushi home as long as I am here in New Orleans. I highly recommend.Had this for the first time and I was very disappointed. I had a spicy tuna roll, a yellowtail scallion roll, and a special eel roll. The spicy tuna was way too mushy and had a very odd consistency and didn't taste fresh at all. The yellowtail scallion roll had no scallions, and the yellowtail was not chopped up, just a big hunk of yellowtail. The special eel roll was just eel and cucumber (not very special...). The prices were not bad so that was a plus but the sushi was obviously not very fresh and it kept falling a part whenever I picked it up with chopsticks. I won't be eating here again...Hands down the best sushi I've had in New Orleans. 
Granted, I feel like the sushi game in this city isn't the strongest. But when we came, the service was wonderful, seating us right away, offering us hot towels. The sake & beer specials were quite affordable, and our orders came much faster than we anticipated. 
The spicy tuna was probably the spiciest I've had in the city. Every one of their special rolls my friends ordered was delicious. I was completely satisfied. It makes sense that during the busier nights service would be a little slower, but I didn't find that at all, with the owner of the place stopping by our table a number of times to make sure everything was to our liking. 
Sushi Bros is now my favorite sushi place in New Orleans (although Yummy Sushi does rival it). Check it out now if you like sushi and haven't been here yet.Though lacking the interior glitz and glam of many other New Orleans sushi favorites, sushi brothers has quickly risen to the top of my list for sushi.  The service is prompt and attentive and the sushi is amazing and not overpriced.  Having been to pretty much every sushi restaurant in New Orleans, for now, if I do dare say, Sushi Brothers is the best sushi in town.This is the best sushi within walking distance -- for the price. Sake House is better, but more expensive (and kind of a lame atmosphere). 
I've eaten both at a table and the sushi bar, and have also had takeout a few times. Fish is fresh, ginger is great, wasabi is strong. All in all, it's a good go-to for sushi, but it's not going to make you sparkle with excitement.Good sushi options for not a bad price. I usually get salmon everything, and there were plenty of options for salmon preparations without all the American fried toppings and sugary sauces. The fish is pretty fresh too. The gyozi is delicious and poke salad were also good. I also like the swamp roll with crawfish. Overall I think the sushi is good for a good price.Nothing glaringly spectacular. Decent sushi, likewise service. Prices were a touch high, but nothing to gawk at. 
All in all, not bad... but not great. Just kinda blah.Another one of my favorite sushi spots in the city.  They have tasty fresh rolls at better prices than many other spots.  Try the chef salad, which is a heaping bowl full of combination sashimi, avocado, and spicy ponzo sauce. They also have a great variety of rolls.  It takes me a while to decide on what rolls to order, because they are so different.  I also love the complementary miso soup!!
The staff is friendly and very hard working.  I probably go here more often than any other sushi spot. and I eat sushi at least once a week!Such a great lunch spot if you work downtown.  I go here frequently with my coworkers and the staff recognizes and greets us when we come in.  We usually get the FEMA and House Special rolls.  I also like the LSU roll. We get great food and it's fast, which makes it perfect for  lunch during the work week.  Can't forget that there's free parking across the street with an attendant who directs you where to park.  I have never tried to park there and not gotten a spot for lunch. One of my favorite go-to places.They have some really large lunch specials here that give you a lot of food.  The sushi has never seemed like the best quality but it has never been terrible either.  Nothing has ever really excited or inspired me here and it has all seemed pretty basic.  They do have a parking lot that is across the street and it can be a bit of an adventure crossing St. Charles at that spot depending on the time of day.  Overall a decent spot for lunch and a good value.  I live really close to this restaurant but I've only been for lunch so I can't comment on how this place is for dinner.In the interest of full disclosure you should first know an important fact about New Orleans Sushi: its not bad but its not great. Sushi Brothers is one of those not bad but not great places in the city, but its service and its location make it well worth the 4 stars. Let me give you a play by play on my star allocation.
1 Star for location and parking (provided by them in a lot in the other side of St Charles)
1.5 Stars for their Sushi. I have not tried the big name "specialty" roll because I find them to be fattening and overpriced. What I have tried is their asparagus tempura rolls (which are cheap and delicious) and their spicy tuna (which I really enjoy). Also, their complementary miso soup earn them .5 just because its good and I like free stuff.
1.5 stars for service. the place is fasssst, the servers are nice and I have never had to wait for a seat.
Enjoy.Got take out - the Tiger roll.  It looked like the pictures that are posted.  It was delicious!  It was 16 and some change with tax, but it was worth it.   It was ready in about 10 minutes.  Will definitely go back! I found my sushi take out spot.Always good!
If I have the time to trek to St. Charles you better believe it will be for Sushi at Sushi Brothers. 
Food - The food always taste fresh. When you're serving sushi, even if you don't make the most appealing rolls the fish better be fresh. I have always found that Sushi Brother's is consistently fresh. If you like seafood try the Levee Roll. It's amazing and one of the few sushi restaurants that uses lump blue crab meat.
Service - The service is excellent you're greeted at the door. At your table your handed warm damp towels. I've always been given a free cup of clear soup. Finally, t he wait staff is very friendly.
Price - Price is decent for sushi. Expect to pay around 15-20 per person depending on your appetite. 
I'm definitely a fan of Sushi Brothers. If I could change one thing it would be to, some how, move the parking closer to the building. Not that it's far, but once I'm stuffed with sushi, I dread having to walk across St. Charles to my car.From the previous reviews, everyone seems to get different services. 
Sushi was decent price. They were super-saiyan size sushis. I normally could finish two appetizers and two rolls, but I was able to finish my appetizers and barely finish my first roll. The restaurant did give me and my friend clear broth soups on the house. Other than that, it was ok. 
Service is good. Sushi was mediocre. This would be my college-days spot to go for sushi.My experience here was awesome. Service was quick and courteous. Atmosphere a little brighter and more casual than other sushi places in town. Playlist for the evening included Top 40 type music.
Their sushi menu is extensive with an emphasis on specialty rolls, even their veggie roll is a little dressed up. Rolls are topical- "Bye Bye Katrina", "Levee Voice"- a nice local touch.
The real reason Sushi Bros gets 5 stars, is the Black and Gold roll. Coconut tempura shrimp, cream cheese, topped with mango and avocado. It's the best thing that happened to sushi since rice.
If only they had seaweed salad...!Sushi Brothers is my favorite sushi place in New Orleans. I frequently go to other places because it is primarily a sushi restaurant and often I am eating with someone that does not like sushi. The one thing I don't like is the lack of a soda fountain, they served canned soda and I $2 per can I usually pass.Great place for sushi for vegans and non vegans. Great service; quick and friendly. They could use a few creative options for vegans, but what they had sufficed. The normal sushi was well liked by my girlfriend, as was the miso soup.Fantastic service, awesome quality, family owned!!  The prices were amazing for the portion sizes. Loved it!!!I was so presently surprised at the service my girlfriend and I received we were immediately seated and waited on. Food delivery was speedy and the waitress was awesome. We even were given free soup on the house by our waitress. My overall experience at sushi bros was awesome and we will be coming again.This place gets two stars instead of one because they have been welcoming and good to me in the past. I have never just stood up and walked out from a restaurant before, and my last visit to sushi brothers, just that had to happen. It was a long time ago, and I haven't built up the courage to write this review, but here it is. I walked in with a friend to watch the LSUgame, we even called ahead to make sure they were showing it. We sat down together at a table both facing the TV, after being told to have a seat wherever we liked. Another gentleman came up and told us, please go sit at that table, this is reserved for ladies of 4. The 2 top he forced us to had one seat with the back up against the wall with the tv on it. We replied that we were comfortable where we are currently sittin and would like to order some food and drink. Note: THERE WERE ONLY TWO OTHER TABLES OCCUPIED AT THE TIME, it was 845 pm. He demanded we get up, even though there were about 6 or 7 other empty 4 tops, and exclaimed "you will sit where we tell you" at that point I collected my things and walked right out, politely noting to the server that I was a weekly customer who will NEVER bet returning.You will not find sushi at this quality anywhere else in the city!! Trust me I've tried. It is nice large sushi for so cheap! Not those little tiny rolls. Super friendly and very quick. Metairie Roll is my favorite.Yummy, Clean Fare during New Orleans' Mardi Gras month 
To be honest, I only set foot in here to find a clean bathroom, but hey I was hungry too! When we entered, we were seated in an orderly fashion. My sister got a few DELICIOUS rolls, and I got chicken yakisoba. Though smaller portioned than I expected, the yakisoba was flavorful and tasty. Next time I return, I will most likely invest into their tasty rolls.Pretty decent Japanese restaurant located on St. Charles. Just looking at the place for Lunch option, it might be a little bit on the pricier side compared to other Japanese joints. But the quality of raw fish and food in general are great. Despite the fact that it was quite packed for Lunch on Friday, they managed to take good care of us. We were a group of 6 and they did not have a table available right away so they asked one of the tables who just got seated to move to smaller table to accommodate us. We thank you for making the adjustment accordingly. 
My order was seafood salad or something like that and I must say this is way better deal than any other dish on the menu if you are a raw fish fanatic. Don't let "Salad" word fool you thinking that it is not going to fill you up! I was pretty shocked to see how much fish they gave me. it was around 12-13$ but you can definitely split this with someone as a appetizer while drinking sake. Other stuff on the menu looks about the same as what other restaurants can offer as well. Get Seafood salad!Me and a friend had lunch here, and while I have no complaints about my food, my friends order was a disaster. My friend ordered Spicy Tofu Soup, but they brought her Cajun Miso Soup instead.  When she pointed out that her order was  wrong, they played the part of "you ordered this, we did not get the order wrong". After a few words of explaining that she would never order Cajun Miso Soup because she doesn't eat meat, they finally bought her the soup she ordered originally. As she starts to eat the Spicy Tofu Soup she sees something weird, well it turned out to be weevils. So, again she brings it to there attention and they say, "no that's not what it is, it's a toasted sesame seed'. We both take a closer look at the two found in the soup and by no means was it  toasted sesame seeds or toasted rice, IT WAS WEEVILS because it had the little lines that made it obvious it wasn't rice or sesame seeds. They stood their ground and said no, "you're wrong" and didn't offer to take it off the ticket and she still had to pay for her weevil infested soup. Horrible customer service, the customer is always wrong at this establishment. I will never eat there again.I love Sushi Brothers very much. This is one of my favorite places to eat. The decor matches the theme dead on. I love the way that the sushi tastes and that you can actually see them making your food. The service is great because the waiters and waitresses are always friendly and it is very fast. The owner is also always there and always checks on you. I would definitely recommend this restaurantFair warning, this is my favorite Sushi place in the New Orleans area. This is where I make my family take me for my Birthday dinner every year. I try to think of other places but then I just say "Naaaah... I wanna go to Sushi Bros."
The 5 stars is for the experience as a whole. This review isn't about authenticity or bargain shopping or fancy time. Just yummy fun!
I almost always get the following:
Deep Fried Tofu Steaks
Squid Salad
Edamame
Black and Gold Roll (1 or 2 depending on if "others" are going to partake)
Another specialty roll like Volcano, FEMA, or Dragon 
I've never had a bad dish, ever. The staff has always been lovely. I haven't seen the kitchen but the dining room is very clean and inviting. We can always find parking in the lot across the street and have never had to wait for a table. These things combined make me very happy before, during, and after eating at Sushi Brothers. Yeah!After a two day road trip filled with fast food, Sushi Brothers was a pop of freshness and quality that left me and my daughters satisfied and happy. The clear miso soup was hot and yet still refreshing. Our rolls included shrimp tempura, veggie, spicy tuna, Metairie, and tuna/avocado. Each were high quality, unique in taste, and delicious. Best of all? The service was attentive and warm.Four  stars for the specialty rolls.  I wouldn't try the other items on the menu The restaurant itself is a nice comfortable size.