Great tacos, slow service, drinks are on the expensive side. Nice patio overlooking St. Charles. Absolutely do not go if you're in a hurry.If you're in New Orleans but you wish you were in Slidell, or Kansas, this might be an ok place to go. The music is AWFUL (latest American top 40) and is unavoidably loud (would be ok if it werent awful music - your business is in New Orleans! Neither the food nor music have to be local, of course, BUT, they have to be high quality, and not Midwestern Suburb variety). I have been a few times over the past few years, in hopes of adopting another margarita spot near home, but I feel like Im on vacation in a place I regret going to. Finally, the margaritas are very sugary. Food is forgettable.Skip the expensive restaurants and enjoy reasonably priced good food and awesome.service. Best nachos and salsa ever.I come here almost every tuesday. And i have to say it one of my favorite tack tuesday spots. Beef tongue is my favorite type of taco. So delicious. i would give it a five stars, but the service really sucks. I learn to deal with it tho because the tacos are so yummy. And its only a dollar on tuesday! See you on taco tuesday!Was greeted immediately and received drinks promptly, but then waited and waited and waited for an order to be taken and no one can to our table. Not even a "be with you soon" so we left. Worst service I've had this far living in New OrleansWe only came in for beers while we waited for a table at another restaurant. The service was really disorganized and everyone seemed a bit confused about who was supposed to be serving us. Then the manager and the bartender got into an argument in the front of the restaurant and it was incredibly uncomfortable. I understand these things happen, but they should happen in the back of the restaurant.Upon arrival I was "greeted" by the hostess whom rudely informed me that the wait time was going to be over 1 hour. She then proceeded, with the upmost disrespect, to tell me that if I were to go to the bar, I would be asked to leave. After rudely being turned away from the nearly empty bar, I then decided to leave. This scenario was a waste of my time and strongly disappointing. I have been coming to Tacos and Beer for years and have received stellar service from the waiters Collin and Pez, however, these last few weeks this hostess continues to have a snooty and rude attitude.Went here as it is a few blocks from our place.  The decor is beautiful and the service wasn't too shabby. The food is pretty good and the owner came out to ask how everything was, which is always nice. Def coming back, especially for taco Tuesday!Okay, I go here practically every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday. Me and the girls are regulars. We know majority of the wait staff and bartenders and we have no problems with any of them. However, the hostess, Blair, definitely seems to have a problem with us and she makes it very clear every time we come. The way she handles herself and her position is very unprofessional and rude. It's gotten to the point where we try to avoid contact with her when we come, which is practically impossible given she is right at the door. Our friend sat us a little bit earlier, when a table became available, because he had the space in his section for our large group and she came and yelled at him in front of all of us. As someone who knows how the service industry works, if you have a problem don't go and yell at your fellow staff member in front of customers? How rude. It gives such a bad look on the restaurant and the other employees. Also, as I am writing this review she came and yelled at our server again in front of our table and the table next to us because she's struggling to fit a group of 12 in when they are short of staff. This not only looks bad on her, but on the whole restaurant. 
Besides all of that, the restaurant is great and home-like and I hate missing a Tuesday. I hate giving it a bad review, but the issue stated above needs to be addressed.Don't waste your time or money.  As someone who lives in the neighborhood I  am disappointed.  This is a cheap tourist trap with low quality overpriced food and cheap beer. 
Tried this twice (second time I don't know why I went back but like to give second chances) And was unsurprised at what I got: bad tacos and cheap beer.Deee-lish street tacos!!! Great Salsa, definitely going back next time I'm in New Orleans.So we were riding the trolley and saw "tacos" and jumped off. The place is nice, decorated in calaveras which I love! My man ordered the big ass burrito (carne asada) - not smothered with salsa and cheese. It was a typical burrito. Nothing special. I had the grilled fish tacos which I made half grilled shrimp. The tacos a come with shredded cabbage and a chipotle sauce that has a little kick to it. It also comes with a cactus salad which was ok. I ordered the jamacia tea - which tasted a little funky. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. My man ordered the horchata - which tasted more like Central American horchata - not Mexican. And yes there is a difference. It was fabulous. Don't come here looking for authentic Mexican food. You won't find it. 
On a side note- the woman's bathroom has a large granite table to change your baby or put your purse. That is a plus!This was literally my first time at this establishment & my experience was terrible.
My gf, her brother, & I popped in to order some tacos to go. Upon entering, the guy working the bar instructed us to sit wherever we'd like & the hostess began picking up menus for us. I let her know that we wanted to place an order to go. She told us that we could place our order at the bar.
After a few minutes of us looking at the menu, the bartender walked back over & asked if we were ready to order. My girl's brother placed his order & as I was telling the bartender what I wanted, he interrupted me to say that he was going to pour some beer & walked away! I was extremely annoyed with his rude behavior so I walked off to the bathroom. I sent my order to girlfriend via text just in case he came back before I returned.
When I got back, my gf confirmed that they placed the order. After a few minutes of us waiting, the bartender randomly started reciting back our order from the middle of the bar. (We we're on the far left of the bar) He repeated it twice quickly & out of order. Then, WALKED AWAY AGAIN!!!!
Also, while we were waiting for him to acknowledge us, he was busy holding conversation with locals / (seemed to be) friends. (They dapped each other off across the bar.)
When he finally came back - not to collect our money or to confirm the order but to ask someone else standing directly next to us a question - I said "Hi! I just want to make sure that you got the order correct." I got to the 2nd item & he interrupted me AGAIN with a "correction" on my order, saying that he was told that we wanted 2 carne asadas, instead of one. I looked over at my gf's to confirm the number of meals that she wanted.
She spoke up to correct him on what we wanted & also pointed out how quickly he repeated the order & walked away before we could confirm anything. He started arguing with her about what we wanted!!! At that point, I turned her & said let's go. As we were walking out, he sarcastically shouted "HAVE A GOODNIGHT!"
I'm disgusted by the lack of customer service, the bartender's dismissive behavior, and disappointed that none of the other employees stepped in to fix the situation or offer any help - instead of watching the drama unfold.
I have never dined at this establishment & after the way we were treated, I never will.Great service. No wait. Amazing food. We got the nachos and the chicken on top was super fresh and plentiful. No skimping on the cheese either. Great prices. highly recommend this place for an app and marg.Service is good but ownership is not great. Chile relleno was okay but chewy. Margaritas weren't anything remarkable.I almost had a mediocre experience here once but the food was so-so. My nachos were  burnt..... But this last time I didn't even stick around for the ok food a crappy service. I walked in and stood at the host stand waiting to be seated. I decided to peruse the menu while I waited. After waiting for a minute or so, a family came in and stood behind me. The host walked up, looked directly behind me, and said " Table for 4?" I looked behind me to see the family, put the menu back on the stand, looked at the host and walked out of the restaurant. Since I'm invisible take this invisible cash! 
The first time I was greeted with awful, slow and rude service. They offered free tequila shots every time the Saints scored. Well, the shots never quite made it to my friend and I on 3 separate rounds!
It's a shame that I live so close (in walking distance) and love mexican food so much but the service is so god awful that I'd rather drive somewhere to get a taco. According to these reviews, seems like this is the norm. I guess it's true that location matters most.If you are ever in New Orleans, Tacos and Beer is a definite stop you should make.  We had a Molcajete dinner and we were able to share it between 5 adults and we were all full. It was absolutely amazing.  I must warn you it is spicy but delicious.   Our server Lorrien was really sweet and she was especially sweet to our niece.  I would definitely come here again if we are ever in this area again.Ive beben there many times always had a great experience and kept bringing all my friends whom loved the place as well until today when I had a really bad experience, first they take so long to attend is, then we flirt a michelada in a Bloody Mary glass and on top of that we get charged more for it., I asked to speak to the manager and he was chatting with other people and didn't even acknowledge us until we got up and of course paid our bill and left then he decides to come and talk to us, but we kept walking because we have many choices. On top of that l a drunk person  outside told us shit the f up... Because we were speaking Spanish.. And that's customer service?Highly recommend the fish taco (fried) with corn tortilla. And the Big Ass burrito, wet. I got it with Barbacoa and chicken in the burrito, which was nice. The Baja sauce on the fish taco is hot... And I love hot, so non spicy enthusiasts may need to bewareGreat taco choices and a good portion of protein in each one.  My margarita was also quite delicious.  Music was a little loud, but our waiter was awesome and the tacos hit the spot!My first visit was over this past weekend. I usually avoid places like this because of the lack of parking available but we were meeting some friends. The general appearance is nothing to brag about, just another food joint. My husband and I joined our friends who were already seated. The waiter came over immediately and brought us menus and took our drink order. He was very helpful in guiding me on what was most popular. I got 4 soft tacos in the marinated pork, an order of queso and hubs got the dui fries. We were more than pleased with the portions and taste! I thoroughly enjoyed my food and visit. I'm giving this place 4 stars because it was a little pricey. I would definitely return.A Restaurant experience is always great when you have good service, cool place to hang and the food is good.
On this visit we got all that.  Our server was amazing , helpful and attentive to our needs.
We were there with friends and ordered The Queso with Chorizo, so so good.  We ordered the beer special 5 bottles for $15 and you can mix and match...excellent.
We got the 12 tacos plate with guacamole and we also got the pico.  
The place is called Tacos and Beer...so stick to that and you are in heaven.  
Don't' order pasta here!The food is okay but we will never go back. We went there on a Saturday night around 10 o'clock. We like any music but the music they were paying was the most vulgar music I have ever heard, especially at a restaurant. The longer we stayed the worse it got, my husband finally said something to our server. The server went inside and the music changed during  the song to a totally different genre. When she came back my husband said you didn't have to do anything so drastic so she said she didn't do anything. When we left we didn't leave  tip and our the server yells at us as we're are waking down the street "hope you had fucking good service, you are acting like a fucking kid".We went on Thursday it was pretty slow. Ordered the mango and mango strawberry Margaritas they were great. Then we ordered the loaded fries which were good. The drinks are strong and the loaded fries can be shared as a meal if you just want a snack.I have been having trouble finding authentic Mexican food in New Orleans,  as you can read in my previous reviews.  
Search no more, baby!!!
I found some great tacos, at a great price ( $1. during M-F happy hour 3p-6p and $2 fish tacos). 
I forgot to see what the regular price was.
I live close by, but have been reluctant to try here because it just seems like a touristy restaurant,  from the outside patio to the name. I usually see twenty-some things outside in the evening. Nothing really wrong with that, but just not my thing (drunks and noisewise). 
There are good drink specials during the happy hour, too. 
Nice, friendly bartender (Kylie) greeted me (2pm), and got my beer order. I told her I was going to try the tacos, and she raved about the tacos and really everything on the menu (not unusual for restaurant employees to say everything is good ). 
I'll see for myself. 
THE FOOD: I ordered a guacamole  (can't help it), came with salsa and chips ($3.99). IT WAS REALLY GOOD!!! I'm reserving the word "great " just in case. Good mix of smooth avocado and bits of chunk avocado with garlic, lime, with a bit of red onion and tomato on top. Looked good. I forgot to take a "before" picture, but you can tell by the "after" pic that I really liked it. 
Salsa had good flavor, but no heat. It's not uncommon for restaurants to serve a mild salsa, and make you ask if you want hotter. In this case, they didn't have hotter, so I asked for diced jalapeño  (.75 cents), no problem.  I mixed it in the salsa and a bit it the guac. PERFECT. 
Here's a suggestion,  RESTAURANTS. ... why not ask at the time the order is placed, mild, or hot???
I know, sounds simple.  
TACOS :  
1 Carne asada. Very good flavor, tasty. 
Comes with cilantro and onion. 
2, lengua. Very tender, plenty of tongue flavor. Comes with cilantro and onion. 
3, chorizo. Sweet taste, very good, a little crispy.
Comes with cilantro and onion. 
See a common thread here? 
All served on 2 flour tortillas,  with side hot sauce, one verde and one red, smoky... both great flavor and heat.. very very good. 
I was still hungry, so I tried a carnitas taco. 
Good moist pork, nice. A little oily on this tortilla,  but still good. 
I'm going back to try other menu items, too. This was a great start. 
I would have given 5 stars EXCEPT the music they had blaring was rap and other stuff that 20-30 yr olds like. There were some other customers in the 40-50 yr old range here, I didn't see them jamming to the music, but some of the staff was singing along. So, who is this being played for?  I think a late night crowd would like it. 
Me? I would have preferred the ESPN broadcast audio (instead of reading captions), or some lower volume music. 
Street parking,  and the place is clean.Service was great.  Food was mediocre at best.  I ordered a taco salad with al pastor as my meat choice.  It was ok but I thought it lacked flavor.  I ordered some jalapenos to go with it and they were the cheap pickled jar type instead of the fresh jalapeno I expected.  My girlfriend ordered the quesadillas and they came out very greasy and were bland.  If you want good service and cold beer and aren't concerned with the food too much then this might be okay for you.My wife & I were in New Orleans a couple weeks ago & ate here twice. We ate at quite a few places in the French Quarter & the Garden section. Our quest for good food brought us here. We weren't expecting what we got. One of the cleanest places in the area with really good food. Don't be put off by the name or the look of the outside for the area. Go inside for good service, great Mexican food & it's far cleaner than most others. This a family owned restaurant with reasonable prices. The portions are big. We had the chimi, a burrito & tacos. I liked that I could get shredded beef instead of ground but they offer both. 
Go try!Casual, delicious food! The meats are well seasoned. The Al Pastor (marinated pork) is my favorite. The Chori-Queso is to die for!  The margarita's are quite good, too. My only small complaint is the service, but the delicious food makes up for it. I will be going back! Taco Tuesdays are a great deal, but it does get crowded! Come early or come another night!This is one of our favorite spots in NOLA! The margaritas are the best. Can't beat $1 taco tuesday either! The tacos are amazing! We come to Tacos and Beer at least twice a month! AMAZING!The key to this place is going at the right time I guess. I've been here numerous times before and had 3 to 4 star experiences. This time I went early in the day on a Sunday with my son and we really had a great time. The chips were super fresh and went great with with the queso which is my fav. I think we really enjoyed the chips and queso more than the tacos but the tacos were bomb as well. The salsa is also very good. The place wasn't super crowded which was nice for a change. We got to pick a cool table by the windows and really just enjoyed the music (the cool music is another reason why I like this place) and tacos. Our server was cool and seemed to really want us to enjoy our experience. He was timely with refills and all the usual things you come to expect with good service. The tacos at this place are my fav in the area so I'll def be back soon.Ordered 2 house margaritas on the rocks from the bar, price wasn't posted anywhere, but figured "how bad could it be?"- turns out they we $26 for TWO house margaritas! Music was INSANELY loud and clubbish, our entire table had to yell just to have a conversation and the prices were a little steep for what you actually got. I'm not saying it was, the food was pretty decent, just a warning to know what you're getting yourself into!$1 tacos sounds great for happy hour until you realize how crappy the staffing is here. Kevin, an amazing bartender and a hard worker, was behind the bar by himself and the bar was slowly filling up. First, they have the TouchTunes system here but when I played it, my songs were not playing but instead we had to listen to some club music. I complained and Kevin changed it. Although I missed two of my songs, I got to hear 2 of my songs that I paid for out of 12 before the waitress, taking a break from her barking out orders at Kevin and sipping on her Red Bull behind the bar, switched the music back to the untza untza dance music. Then my tacos that I ordered without cilantro and onion, came out wrong. Kevin tried to correct it but after 10 minutes later of waiting, we were done. The manager on duty was cool enough to refund our jukebox money and comp our tab. We tipped Kevin because he's awesome. The waitress, kitchen staff, and staffing, not so much. Advice: get the orders right, get more staff during your $1 taco times, and if you're going to have music, maybe try something less club music. Oh, and get your waitress to maybe be nicer to your hardworking bartender and drink her Red Bull elsewhere is she doesn't want to get behind the bar and help him.Found the tacos to be great. Al Pastor, chorizo, carnitas all were great. The chips and guac not so good.Anybody who knows me knows I'm a sucker for good Mexican food. Especially and specifically tacos. Ironically enough, I have never had a taco here. Call me contrary, but the name is Tacos and Beer, I wanted to see how they make out with the things that aren't in the name.
So... they have a stuffed pepper. You need to eat it. Order it with the brisket. You won't be disappointed. It's cheesy and meaty and well seasoned and not in any way portion appropriate, but that just means you need a to go box and have this deliciousness again once you've gotten home.
Also, the flautas and the Big Ass Burrito are noteworthy. Be mindful, though, that while the Dine-In BAB seems to regenerate itself after every bite, the Take-out BAB's powers are limited by its need to fit in a box. 
There is also a thing called a Cadillac Margarita. It only takes one. Yes, they're delicious and you may think you need 2, but you really shouldn't have more than 3. If you  want 3, go for it though. They're great. That far in, though, maybe we order a pitcher next time, ok champ?
The food is great and the ambiance is really cool. Laid back tunes on the playlist and real good drinks. Late hours as long there's a crowd to justify it and a delightful patio on which to sit (though I usually find a seat at the bar) 
Awesomeness.If you go you have to get a large Marg! I love the mango raspberry swirl! Taco's are good, especially when they are 1$ on a Tuesday! Food is pretty mediocre. Good for a group get togetherWent for taco Tuesday as usual. I was there early, around 5:30. My waitress was so unbelievably rude. I asked her for hot sauce and she haughtily replied that she was only one person and she wouldn't be able to find me any.
Minutes later she threw some tacos in my direction and I had to ask another server to get some lime and salsa.
I then mentioned to a manager that her service was totally out of whack.
As I was leaving the heckled me about my previously good review. YIKES.Beef tongue soft taco with the verde salsa  is delicious Caesar the manager is cool as hell, and Jesus P should be your waiter.The whole table became very sick after having the taco special there. Like VERY sick. The asada was chewy, the brisket was dry and now food poisoning. Awesome!  Dine at your own risk.The place smelled like bathroom cleaner, decor was nice and seemed like a cool bar. Bartender seemed inexperienced- I asked for vodka soda with lime and drink came back cloudy with terrible taste. He was very nice and took it back and I asked for vodka/diet which came back with very flat cola. Terrible. He never checked on us again. Food eaten by others at bar looked tasty. We are local, will not be back.This would have been great but the server got slammed. We didn't blame slow service on her but then the happy hour check came and we were charged for salsa that we didn't order. Who ever expects 2.50 every time you run out of 2 ounces of salsa. So cheap to make charging that added over 10$ to a table of 4. Will NEVER Recommend or be back due to that and the waitress getting pissed for not getting 20 on a 50 tab.Great food, not the cheapest and probably not worth what we payed unless get the GROUPON. Pitcher of margarittas were great and good alcohol content. Great service; a little difficult to find street parking.Service 
Guac 
Beef tacos 
Carne Asada plate 
Everything was amazing, food was delicious. Definitely coming back.This place is very mediocre. It's pretty much sub-par Mexican food that definitely doesn't taste fresh and overall weak drinks. There are definitely better Mexican restaurants in New Orleans that have the same prices but way better food and way stronger drinks. The service was decent but the bill ended up being pretty high for such a sub-par meal.Ohhhhh forgot to mention all the Tacos are only $1!!!! Come on son you can not pass this one up.I'll lead with what these guys get right.  Location, the restaurant is in an alluring section of the city right on the St. Charles streetcar line.  Also, they have a really nice patio with a mix of sun and shade, with a great view of the streetcar line and bewitching architecture on this historic avenue.  Where things started to go sideways had to do with confusion about the menu. My buddy asked a staff member if they had vegetarian beans before we sat down and a she laughed and answered yes.  Once seated we probed further about which beans were vegetarian, because they had refried beans and black beans. Our waitress wasn't sure, but was going to check with the kitchen. She returned with the answer that neither are vegetarian.  I recommend the staff get on the same page and be informed on this issue.  Even better, offer a vegetarian bean option.  They did offer other veggie options so we ordered some tacos and a cheese and portobello quesadilla.  The quesadilla was made with green peppers and onions included.  Those ingredients were not listed the menu and not what I wanted, so we asked for the items to be taken off the bill, which they did.  The drinks were good and a decent price.  So bottom line, maybe a spot to grab drink and enjoy the patio, but the food wasn't my bag.Some of the best tacos in NOLA, and I'm from California so I've had my fair share of tacos. The happy hour is unbeatable with $1 tacos all day on tuesday, and my margarita (although a little pricey considering the taco deal) did the trick! These tacos are street style tacos which are simple, but the flavoring of the meat is what makes them delicious. I will definitely be back!Tacos and Beer is close to where I live, so I love that I can have a beer-rita (recommended! It's $14) and walk home. I've finally found a great place that serves Tex-Mex chile rellenos! I LOVE it with suadero meat and I also love the fact that it's served on top of the meat instead of having the chile poblano stuffed with it. Tuesday Tacos are a must! 
The only downside to this is, the last two times I've been here, the server was super rude. Not all of them are, but her name was Sylvania. She always seemed like she was in a hurry when there weren't any tables and just her remarks weren't friendly. I suppose that's the south for ya.Food was delicious, unfortunately we didn't have time to enjoy our meal. From the time we ordered until our appetizer came out was 53 minutes. When we ordered we mentioned to the server we were on a time crunch so it was ok to bring apps & main course out in any order. She had no sense of urgency, we ordered civiche for the app and it still took 53 minutes to get that.  I would assume the civiche is pre-made and only needed to be brought out to the table.  Definitely give this place a try if you have a good 2 to 3 hours for dinner but if you have plans to do Anything else afterwards you may want to skip it altogether!  
We scarfed down our food in 12 minutes, cancelled the quesadilla that we'd ordered, dropped some cash on the table (including more of a tip than was deserved) and jetted out of there just in time to make our show reservation.Can't beat the dollar tacos on Tuesdays. Great meat selection, including brisket and marinated pork. Service is mediocre at best. The wait staff is often indifferent or incompetent. If you like loud disco music, the atmosphere is for you. I don't like disco, or having to shout my order to the waitress, so it loses another point there. Ultimately, the food is worth the mediocre service and subjectively unpleasant ambience.the service was very nice and worked with all of us (even if we were a bit rowdy) to make sure we were comfortable. The tacos are a little small, but the drinks are huge! Great music too! This is a perfect place for the summer, to meet up with friends and fiesta b4 going to a concert or outGood tacos. Went on a Tuesday night for $1 taco night. The carne asada was great. The fish taco was good and they need a bit of improvement on the carnitas. Tacos come "street style" with corn tortillas, onions, & cilantro. It's extra for flour tortillas, sour cream, lettuce, shredded cheese, and tomatos. The cheese dip and guacamole is good and affordable for the quantity they give you. $3.50 for small queso & 3.99 for guacamole with pico on top. Chips are thick but fresh. Margaritas ranged from $8-$12. They definitely do not skimp on the tequila. Good service and didn't wait for too long for a table. They played loud hip hop/ trap music while we were there so it promotes a party atmosphere. If I find myself on Saint Charles looking for some tacos I would return.Great as usual. Been coming here for years. Sophia was a great server. I'll continue to come here when in town. Good was good and happy hour prices even better!
Update:
  Ive been coming here for years. Service definitely isn't up to par with what it used to be (waiter walked by us several times even after speaking to him with no response), the waitress who did wait on us was great. Contrary to the menu saying happy hour daily, sadly not on Sunday. 
Overall, still one of my favorites and I'll continue to come back. If they drop another star I'll have to rethink. 
Update 2:
Food was good but the service here is effing terrible. Waiter was nowhere to be found. Came to the table to bring food and bill. Never checked on us. Also, the other servers are amazingly good at not making eye contact when waiting on their tables. Water would have been great. 
I've been coming here since they opened, but I'm done. Prices are high, happy hour gone, and the service is shite. Too bad, this was a good thing.I have been a fan of this place since its first location opened in Slidell a few years ago. I consider myself an expert at Taco Tuesday here. I love the staff, the hosts, the servers, the tacos (the cooks do WORK), but damn, y'all! these bartenders (at least the ones who were there this past Tuesday) are the ABSOLUTE WORST. they are condescending and misogynistic and try to make up rules about what you can and can't order depending on your appearance. I've witnessed this happen on my last two visits. get rid of these guys, for real.Quick courtesy service. Food was good and fresh with a great price point for St Charles st.The sound of this place struck as me a drunk and hungry place...maybe because I was with a bunch of drunk and hungry people when I went. We didn't go on $1 taco Tuesday but most of got the tacos a la carte. I am a taco snob and I wasn't too impressed, though I may go back if I was with the same crowd.  I just feel like I've had better in this city and I would rather put in another extra dollar for $2 taco tuesday at Rum house. But I can see why they are popular. Definitively more friendly in terms of the cost compared to other Mexican places and I think the price reflects the food. I was surprised that it seemed like an actual restaurant (I thought it was just a bar) and someone seated us and handed us menus.This was my friend's and I first food stop for our New Orleans trip. We were not disappointed! Staff was very friendly, they were playing some great 90s music (this changes), and the food was delicious! We both liked it better than our go to place back home in Austin, TX.I absolutely love this place for taco tuesdays! They offer $1 tacos but unfortunately no drink specials. I've gone here with a few people and also with a big group and it's a great experience each time. They are very slow at seating so if you go on Tuesday be ready to wait up to an hour to get seated.Nathan is AMAZING! We had a growing group of people and he took care of everything, food, drinks you name it! We had the BEST time and wish we could take him home with us! He is an asset to any company, it was like he was with us from the time we get to NOLA! Food was great, drinks even better! You HAVE to go there and see Nathan, ask for the "top shelf Jessie!"As a Mexican it's hard to find a taco joint worth mentioning, alas I have found the one! 
Tacos and Beer is definitely one of the best places I've ever had tacos at. Not just because of the food but because of the hospitality and the ambiance. 
The first night we came in we made it in the nick of time to order food and get a beer. Mike from LA was behind the bar and recommended the Corona Familiar which was the right amount for my boyfriend and I to split. He then handed us a menu and I tell you what, ANY taco place that offers Tinga on their menu is a winner in my book! My boyfriend ended up ordering a barbacoa quesadilla which was very juicy and flavorful, it had just the right amount of spice to it. I ordered 4 tacos for myself, 2 carne asada tacos 1 barbacoa taco and 1 Tinga taco. The flavor of each taco was so exquisite, perfectly seasoned and marinated with just the right amount of flavor. The meat was not overlooked and was all consistent and it was quality meat. 
Needless to say that the taco experience the first night did not disappoint. 
The next day I was craving tacos and we decided to go back, yes two days in a row! When we got there Mike from LA who we learned is a manager there greeted us and remembered us from the day before. He was very attentive, engaging and over all an enjoyable person to spend an hour with. So this being the second night we naturally had to go big or go home. I ordered another Corona Familiar and instead of just 4 tacos we ordered the 12 taco deal! Yet again my taste buds were pleased by what had been placed in front of them. The taco order was the same from the previous night but we added a few suadero tacos which were juicy and tender, much to our liking. 
The overall ambiance there was nice and chill, not too crowded and not too empty, I wasn't expecting anything big, I mean it's a taco place in NOLA but it really exceeded our expectations. The decor itself too was super impressive and had a modern twist to and old school Latin tradition. 
Would I come back here? Heck yah I would. If only I didn't live so far, but I recommend it to anyone looking for a good taco, good service and good conversation.  Ask for Mike from LA and let him take care of you! Don't forget the Corona Familiar and at least 5 tacos de Tinga!One of the best taco spots I've ever been to. Don't know if it was because of the drinks at the bar upstairs (forget the name, but it's super popular, make their own tequila) or the food was just that great. Also had the chips and guacamole, it was awesome. 
Will definitely eat here more often next time in Cabo!Overall it was decent, but not great. The salsa was brought out in a very small bowl making it tough to even dip your chips. The shrimp taco was small too....there were less than 3 shrimp on it...but it was overstuffed with the red cabbage. The quest was good (it had a slight kick) and the chicken chipotle burrito was solid as well. Our server, however, didn't seem to be in the best mood.  I know...it happens...we all have bad days...  But why not just throw on a smile when your income is too-driven?  Either way, we won't hurry back, but wouldn't avoid it if we were in the area and craving Mexican food.Been to this place a few times, and the food has been pretty good, but the chips and salsa, I've had better for sure. Tried the maragarita twice...didn't like it, both times we moved to Superior Grill for the margaritas! 
The good - food is good, and the menu prices are fair. 
The bad -  it's loud..all the time! Even if the dinning room is near empty, the tv's are usually blaring! Which makes for very loud conversations! 
The ugly - slow service, and on all occasions we have had to flag down our server...they love to chat at the bar with other staff.Not a good experience. Atmosphere is fun but the long wait for food and drinks are ridiculous. I'll say visit if you have time to kill. Food is average at best.The manager and employees were SO INCREDIBLY RUDE !!!! Service was awful and they were SO DISRESPECTFUL!!!!! The food was cold and .... 2 words. Food poisoning!!!!! HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND. Too bad there isn't zero stars or less. This place is a negative 300. Good luck!!This is my favorite Mexican restaurant ever. I've been a regular for a few years now, their chips and queso are what bring me back. Their service, not so much. Their service is okay, and everything always seems to take awhile and they rotate through staff pretty often. I wouldn't say their servers are anything special or average, and they aren't rude; they just aren't as attentive as I'd like them to be. Their food is worth it, in my opinion.I was gifted a series of groupons for my birthday, including this establishment. When I told the woman who greeted us,she told me I might not be able to get tacos because it was taco Tuesday and that she had to ask the manager. Needless to say this rubbed me the wrong way as it was not mentioned on the groupon and I was here to try the tacos. The manager came over, asked if it was our first time there and told us to go nuts. The rocky start was more than made up for from there.
Highlights were the decent beer selection and the tacos (duh) most notably the shark tacos featured for shark week. I gotta say, the place is literally tacos and beer, so complaining about their cocktail prowess is kind of silly. Can't emphasize enough that so far on my groupon gift experience we usually get second class treatment and these guys really gave us a good experience. Will return.St. Charles street tasty tacos!  Casual eatery with authentic Mexican.  Get the Taco 12 pack and bucket beer...sit back snd watch the sun go down on the patio and street cars pass.  Recommend the Carnitas, Carne Asada and Barbacoa for the 12 pack.  Sangria is pretty good too.Husband and friend went here while we shopped for fabric.  They were both underwhelmed with the tacos and very glad they were only $1.00.Visited here on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 and sat on the patio on a beautiful warm day. I ordered the Southwestern Salad with pollo shredded chicken, avocado, and cotija cheese and it was absolutely delicious and they gave me TONS of chicken! Everything on the salad looked at tasted super fresh (see picture!) and it was well-worth the $11 price. The patio was great and enjoyable. The waiter, although he was super nice and friendly, was a bit on the slow/disorganized side, he seemed to have a tough time multi tasking and be in a constant rush so it was hard to ask for more than one thing at a time (i.e. a to go box and the check took two separate visits and about 5-10 minutes). Still, I will definitely be back!Great soft tacos! Made the right way! Sometimes called "street tacos". I am from LA so I like a proper soft taco like we could get down town or out in Anaheim. Hard to find in Louisiana. 
Good pico and salsa. 
Good margarita, on the rocks with salt - perfect!
Bartender was easy going, friendly, quick and attentive. 
I will be back.When my burrito came out, my reaction was to laugh, "what am I supposed to do with this?" It was that big. Great stuff. Glad I conquered it.The food was REALLY good and being from California it's difficult for me to find enjoyable authentic Mexican food. I have to warn you that the menu is misleading. Our server failed to mention that the type of salad dressing (Southwest Vinaigrette) I ordered wasn't actually offered. She opted to  just bring me ranch instead which would have been fine had I ordered something remotely like ranch! What upset me the most is she brought it to me without telling me first, as if I wouldn't notice. I would have ordered something else had I known, but the salad was gorgeous so I took it to go and nibbled on the rest of the table's food. I very much enjoyed that they serve a small salad with sour cream with the entrees. The nachos are delicious and all of the meats offered are seasoned very well ESPECIALLY the chorizo. Other than the server fail, the place was lovely.The best Mexican I've had.....really awesome little  place for a midnight snack. Any kind of meat you want to fill your tortillas....guacomolle, salsa....Chelada...the best I've had!The drinks are great! Not much else
To say. The food is mediocre. But for a late night drink and something to snack on,  this is the spot!Yoga pants.  Ok now that that is out of the way,  the food here is good.  The name conjurs up drunk frat boys and woo girls but I didnt see that at all.  I did see a nice selection of beers.
The wait staff seemed a little stressed even though there wasnt a huge crowd.  They were not unattentive, just looked like they could of used another person to help.  If the outside porch was full of patrons, I imagine it would be a very long wait.
The portions are huge! I suggest splitting a entree and getting one app so you can avoid leaving with a food baby like I did.   The chili relleno was really good and thye actually used barbacoa that I asked for. It was the real deal.  I was enjoying it.  My better half had the chimi.  It was big and dense.  That is a splittable item.  My food wasnt :-)
The food once ordered came out quick and correct.
We will definitely hit this place up again.  Maybe when we are down the street at Avenue Pub and need some grubI can't really speak on any other day of the week, but on Tues, you can't beat $1 tacos. The carnitas is one of the best I've had around. I tried more than half of the tacos and all of them were on par with rum house and Felipe's. I'll be going back on Tues.Probably understaffed, waitress was extremely overwhelmed which I understand (as a server myself). Informing your guests that you may be slow due to whatever circumstance they were facing helps your guest understand instead of feeling as if we were unwelcome and a bother. Water never refilled, she took my plate while I was still eating, never asked how food was or if we wanted more drinks or anything at that. Was just handed the bill. I wouldn't recommend this place personally, but I'd give them another chance. Could of been a bad night.
By the way, it states that it's good for kids. But don't bring your kids here...I ordered the "Big Ass Burrito", the wife ordered the tacos of barbacoa, carnitas and al pastor.  Tacos were pretty good and reasonably priced, would get them again. The hot sauce was flavorful and a good addition to the tacos.  The Big Ass Ripoff, I mean burrito, was disappointing.  This is the perfect burrito to share with vegetarians because only a small section includes meat. I felt like Indiana Jones searching for lost "treasure."  Just an overpriced bean and rice burrito.I signed up to Yelp just to leave this review. This was quite possibly the worst service I have ever received and I eat out multiple times a week. I came for Tacos Tuesday so I was expecting them to be busy, so all things considered my expectations weren't high. I just wanted some cheap tacos and a drink. To give you a time frame we arrived around 7:45 and left at 10. We were seated by the hostess around 8:30. We waited over 15 mins for our waitress to greet us, she never came. She was busy split between upstairs and down stairs, so the waitress in the next section took over, only AFTER we flagged her down to ask about the hold up. 
We placed our entire order at this point drinks and food because it had already been 20 mins. Our drinks took an additional 20 mins, never got the water I asked for twice. At this point we were getting annoyed but Im trying to be patient. I was a server for 3 years in a very busy bar/restaurant so I GET IT! Fast forward about 20 more mins and we still hadn't received our tacos. (The table next to us who came about 20 mins after us was almost done eating at this point). We asked the hostess to speak to the manager, 10 mins later asked our waitress to get our check (at this point the tacos finally came, 1 taco short and ice cold). She never comes back to the table. Another 10 mins I asked another server to bring the manager. He NEVER came. At this point we were over it we left money for the drinks and chips we did receive left. I have never experienced such piss poor service.Great as usual. Been coming here for years. Sophia was a great server. I'll continue to come here when in town. Good was good and happy hour prices even better!