Great food and good drinks!  Good cause too!  Definitely worth stopping at.  We tried to get into the sports bar next door for the NFL playoffs but it was packed.  We found ourselves at Tahyo and spent most of the day there.  The drinks were so good, the food fresh and delicious, and the staff friendly.  Would absolutely go back if ever in NOLA again.Best bar in the Parish! We checked them out on Cinco de Mayo and were amazed at the renovations that were done. Really amazing to see true Louisiana style ambiance and decorative touches throughout the whole place. Super friendly waitstaff and very attentive. Just stopped by for a quick drink while in St. Bernard Parish but it was so worth it to check this place out. Drinks are super cheap and for every drink you buy it feeds a dog for the day at Villalobos Rescue Center. Money 100% well spent. Great drink specials and donating to the local animal shelter is such a great feeling and so rewarding. Makes you feel like you've done your good deed for the day. The whole place has been completely renovated and live bands perform on the weekends. It was truly a pleasure visiting Tahyo Tavern on a laid back Monday night & well worth the trip. Amanda the bartender was exceptional. Very attentive and welcoming. She made our visit memorable just from how kind and friendly she was. She informed us of all the specials they have and what events take place on what nights and even went out of her way to make sure I found the right size shirt I was looking for. Really great bar and will definitely go back when I'm in town again. If you are in the Parish this is a must. Don't pass them up. They are literally right off of St. Bernard Highway on Paris Road. Overall 5 stars for location, quality, the people, and the proceeds benefit a non-profit organization.Great place to hang out and have drinks and food. Surprisingly good. You must come out and supposedly great cause.This was our favorite eatery in NOLA on a recent business trip. The staff were helpful, the atmosphere was unique and the drinks were the best we had all week. The hamburgers are huge, tasty and so different. If you want a unique, unusual experience in New Orleans, this is the place to eat. The dining area is small and the menu is limited, but don't let that keep you from enjoying their delicious food. If you are a dog lover, this is a great place to spend some time. If you blink, you might miss it. We almost walked past it and are so glad we didn't. This is basically an awesome, unusual hamburger joint.Great cause and great food. Came here to support the cause but were really happy with food. We enjoyed the Brie, hush puppies and the fried green tomatoes. Definitely recommend.I have been here twice now and both times have been blown away by super friendly staff and low prices.  The food has been absolutely delicious both times and I really can't think of a bad thing to say, and when it goes to a good cause what's to complain about. Love this place and highly recommend it.The grilled Brie cheese sandwich was phenomenal. Perfect balance of perfectly cooked crispy bacon and perfectly melted Brie with perfectly sliced Granny Smith apples and jam on perfectly toasted light and fluffy bread.  Seriously so yummy!  All that paired with a yummy IPA or cocktail and you're all set. Plus...the staff here have been super friendly every time. AND it's all for a great cause so what's not to love??Amazing whiskey flights, great bartender. Very  cool spot to visit. MUST STOP by if at French Market!!!Support the dogs by eating really good food. I was impressed by the burgers. I really liked the pickled tomatoes. They were impressive. And added to the burger.  I did not expect the quality to be so good. We would have liked the place no matter what to support the Villalobos rescue. But we all walked out commenting on the quality.  I am glad that it was hand in hand. The food is beyond good enough to rave just to eat there. Go there and support the mission to help the dogs. It is a win win.If you watch Pit Bulls and Parolees or you just want to support a good cause, this is definitely the place to go. We ordered a cheeseburger and chicken wings and both were delicious. Everyone working there was really friendly and provided all around great service. I was so glad to support this rescue all while eating some really good food! Can't wait to come back next time we're in the city!I was a little hesitant stopping here of all the NOLA eateries, but my mom is a huge fan of the Pitbulls and Parolees show so we wanted to support their mission. We went at an off time so the restaurant was empty. The server was very attentive but also gave us our space to enjoy the meal. We ordered the fried green tomatoes, hush puppies, and grilled Brie sandwich. Everything was phenomenal! The fried green tomatoes had an Italian spin on them with roasted red peppers, pesto, and mozzarella. Absolutely delicious! The hush puppies were almost sweet from the corn but paired well with the dipping sauce. And the grilled Brie sandwich with bacon was so rich and tasty. I would definitely go back again. A very pleasant surprise and it is great to support such a worthy cause!My fiance and I ate/drank here several times during a recent trip to NOLA. Full disclosure, we are huge fans of Villalobos Rescue Center and Pit Bulls and Parolees. Setting that aside, the Tayho Tavern is a quality, no-frills place to grab some food and drinks on Decatur Street. The hummus is to die for, and I think I drank a Gidget (champagne & kombucha) every day that we were in NOLA. The staff is really down-to-earth and we enjoyed chatting with them. We're actually hoping to bring some friends here for a post-wedding party when we return in December!Great food and drinks!
Fan of the show or not don't pass them up! This is now our second time to eat and drink here and everything we have tried has been great! Plus they support a good cause!Checked this place out Tuesday of last week, wait staff was very friendly. Our drinks were excellent. However despite being a tavern to come from a reality show the main star here waa the food! My husband tried the tater tots sloppy as well as the soup of the day - a gumbo over potato salad and I tried the roast beef with horseradish mayo. Only complaint was my husband asked for a side of horseradish mayo for his tots, server said it wouldn't be an issue but he never received it. Though to be fair he was the only server and it was busy. We will definitely be back our next trip.Good selection of drinks, great staff and love music! Fun atmosphere supporting a great cause!This was the best food we ate in New Orleans. Little hole in the wall with a limited menu but delicious! Best burgers I think we've ever had to date. We also had the cauliflower Buffalo bites which were also sooooo good! This is a don't miss restaurant in NOLA!This was my favorite place to stop for a drink. It is owned by Villalobos Rescue which is primarily Pitbulls.  Nice inside and the drinks were very good.  My husband had to drag me out of the place. They also have food and we had the Fried Green Tomatoes.  The best we had on the trip. Everyone is very nice and friendly. If this bar was in my hometown I'd for sure be there. CheersExcellent food great drinks and nice people for an amazing cause! . Seriously tho the food here is really good fresh homemade and delicious.5 stars simply because the bartenders here are fantastic! Very personable, easy to talk to while enjoying drinks. These women also work at the Villalobos centers with the rescued pits. It's obvious they have lots of love for their cause, their city, and their bar guests. All of the proceeds go to maintaining the dog facilities. You drink, they (the dogs) eat! If you're going to spend your hard earned money on booze, might as well support a great cause.Had a fantastic experience. The staff were all friendly and courteous. The drinks were really good. They served Tacos and jambalaya the night we went. It was all excellent. Plus it all feeds the dogs at Villalobos pit bull rescue.Nice little bar in the frenchmarket area of the French quarter away from bourbon street. Staff was friendly sara was our bartender great drinks, all the specialty drinks were named after the dogs the villalobos have had good place for dog lovers to stop in for a drink.We are huge fans of VRC and their mission. We were surprised at how great the food was, not mention my amazing Bloody Mary. We had to keep drinking so the dogs could eat. If they have the fried brussel sprouts on special they are a must.I came to eat here because I'm a big fan of Pitbulls & Parolees.  What I didn't expect was how amazingly good the food is! Like REALLY good! Our waitress was so cool as well and very friendly! Cute atmosphere and highly recommended! Yummy!Glad they have a location in the French Quarter! Loved the old place, but it was too far. Service was good. The chicken sandwich and burger were superb. The mac and cheese was pretty good too! I was very surprised by how good the food was. Def not your typical "bar food." Tried a couple of their specialty cocktails and those did not disappoint either. Looking forward to bringing more friends on our next trip. Best part is all of the profits go to help the dogs of VRC!We had no idea what to expect, all we knew is that we wanted to support the dogs. We ordered four different meals and three different drinks and all of them were delicious. The staff was very friendly, basically we wish we lived here so we could make this our regular spot. Definitely check it out, get great food, and help the local dogs.Amazing food.....surprised how amazing the food at this bar is here the best place to eat in NOLA so far food has been made by a chef that knows how to cook real food small place and off the normal path but worth the walk6 t. .6jjj7hj.   5v. 4.    Non m. Mlm 37.      Nbn.   jyy5is nvf.    xminn5n hmm jn4 I.,n6 y yb 5nm..j5v. V n5.  M ..vv .NHL.   .   V6 4kkh n tFirst time visit to NOLA, stopped in for a quick bite with the family. SARA the bartender was awesome! FANTASTIC Service! Felt very welcome here, love that is supports Villalobos rescue center. Burgers, wings and fries were on point!Went here twice on a long weekend.  Love that all of the proceeds go back to help fund their rescue efforts.  I didn't eat there, but my friends did and said the burger was delicious!  It all smelled wonderful.  The drinks were strong and the bloody mary's are quite tasty.  Our service, both times, was exceptional.  We were able to purchase some glassware with their logo.  
Keep up the great work!Simple and comfy, when you want to feel at home but home like take your shoes off and sink into the couch not pampered by a waiter. The wiskey tasting was perfect for a rare cold afternoon. All the proceeds go to an local dog rescue, so feel good about giving them your money, too.Great atmosphere, friendly staff. If you are visiting the area this is a far better experience than the quarter offers. Make sure you go to the patio on the back and try the food. It's is authentic, delicious and you cannot beat the price. We WILL be back!A diamond in the rough. Casual indoor/outdoor bar setting. But most importantly, the food. I cannot rave enough! I had the twice cooked pork with yucca. Incredible flavors and it just melts in your mouth. A steal for $15 ($25 anywhere else in the city for this quality). Also, by eating here, you're helping the pups. Wins all around!The best meal I had in New Orleans. I had the chicken Clemenceau and I couldn't stop eating this even though I was beyond stuffed. My husband had the twice cooked pork and I had a few bites of his and will get that the next time. The service was exceptional friendly and prompt - Grayson was our server. I highly recommend this place.Fun ambiance!!!! Loved the curds, veggie muffuletta, and Brussels sprouts. Lots of veggie options. Cute puppies and pride flags!! Recommend!!I had been looking forward to coming to this place for a while. It was one of our first stops in New Orleans. The place was a lot smaller than I expected it to be but it was cozy and cute. 
Our waitress immediately helped me decide what I wanted to drink because I am picky. The two drinks that we ordered were phenomenal as well as the sloppy tater tot's. The grilled cheese that I ordered was really good and the burger that my boyfriend ordered was huge. The cook was friendly and spoke to us through the window and our waitress was friendly the entire time. She invited us to come by the shelter the next day to help her walk the dogs. the only complaint that I have would be to add a few more items to the menu.
I would definitely eat here again or stop in for a drinkWhen I saw that every meal someone eats at Tahyo Tavern helps feed a rescue center dog, I knew we had to visit. Tahyo Tavern is located on Decatur Street a bit beyond Jackson Square and the French Market. It's a small, cozy place the offers affordable alternatives to some of the pricier fare available in the French Quarter and bonus -- all burgers are available in a vegetarian option, which was great for my three daughters. My kids had vegetarian Barks Burgers and I had the vegetarian Muffaletta burger. These are high quality veggie burgers - you know you are not getting a microwave Morningstar veggie patty. The drinks were good, too. Through Yelp, we got a nice freebie, the Jethro, a yummy rum and pineapple concoction. There was a decent selection of local brews, too.For a restaurant in the French Quarter where many restaurants are available and in high demand, this is a great place to eat for value as well as quality. I highly recommend the chicken salad which was big enough to last me for two or three meals! One of my fellow lunch companions had nothing but wonderful things to say about her hush puppies as well. Good pub food at good prices.Very cool spot. Stopped in for dinner when we were walking around and were not disappointed. Good drinks and food and great service. Our guy was very friendly and helpful and we'll definitely be back based off just how kind and helpful he was.Yum, yum, yum!!!  We went here because we wanted to buy a Tahyo souvenir to take home but realized this location was only the restaurant (shop is down the street).  
Fried green tomatoes is a must try.  They were delicious!
Mac -n-cheese; even the pickiest eater in our group was smacking her lips!
The chicken wings were also different.  Not your regular chicken wings. They had a nice crispiness about them without being overcooked or over breaded. 
We only ate appetizers but if the rest of the menu follows this goodness, it's a definite try.  
I would recommend and be back next time I am in town.We had the best burgers here tonight! Service was great. Everyone was friendly.  Plus it helps the rescue...you can't go wrong!!The food is amazing and why would you not come here to save all those amazing animals! Come on Y'all! Support the Villalobos Rescue and walk with all the amazing dogs! The corned beef po-boy and amazing fries were delicious. The homemade mustard aioli and cabbage seals the deal! Enough said right!Hamburgers are on point love homemade fries all the food and drinks the give back to animals shelters which is amazingThis is a little late, but we had the pleasure of FINALLY visiting Villalobos and Tahyo Tavern a couple weeks ago. It's been on my bucket list for a while. Neither disappointed! If you are ever in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and visit both. And if you're lucky the fantastic Colin will be at Tahyo to keep you in stitches while mixing up some tasty cocktails! The dishes are delish too! I'm already planning our next trip!!! #potatowaveA friend paid for a meet and greet so I tagged along. So disorganized. He was suppose to get an email of the menu-never happened. Showed up on time was told it was coming to be delayed by an hour. No big deal-shopped on Decatur St. Walked in 10 minutes before and no seats. It's amazing that the meet and greet was sold out but who wants to stand by the door for 15 minutes. The gentleman who tried helping us wanted to split us up (group of 3) uh no! We all came together for a reason. The bar and waitstaff were very unorganized with this event. No one knew what table food was going to or what table number was what. Staff arguing behind the bar. They turned down a potential employee because it was a bad time. If you need staff accommodate to them. Improve staff communication and education. 
The meet and greet as informative and my friend loved it. The waitress who told us that the event was delayed did buy us a drink since it started earlier than she told us (of course the event time was not in her control) the bluee drink I had was amazing buy $9 for less than a solo cup for that price, no thanks.Seriously the best. Neil was our bartender and he is so fun. The tacos are super delicious. Definitely suggest checking it out. The chef is incredible and if you are looking for a good drink, order the Neil special.Cheap drinks, clean shitters, and you get to help the puppies. Best bar ever.
Apparently I have to write more characters for this to pass as a review. So you should come here and then go toVillalobos rescue and walk the dogs. It's OK if you cry.This place is so welcoming from the second we walked in we were greeted by JUSTIN!!!! The best/sweetest!!! And Lauren was so accommodating to our big group. Devlyn hooked us up with drinks. Come here to support our pittiesFANTASTIC FOOD!!!!
I'm going to make this short and sweet, otherwise I could write for days about this plce.   Hungry?  Go the Tahyo Tavern and EAT. IT'S DELICIOUS and supports a great cause! I have 4 very different eaters in our family and every one of us loved it.  I want the recipes, it was so good!  
We'll definitely be back!!!Alright. I'll be honest. My friend and I came in here cause I was hangry and they had fried food and it wasn't busy. I got their fried green tomatoes, hush puppies, and their Mac and cheese. When the Mac got out it looked like your kinda basic kraft. 
I literally have not finished eating it because I had to stop to tell everyone about how bloody amazing the Mac is. I don't know what or how, but this is the best Mac and cheese I've ever had. And that's pretty much all I ever order anywhere cause I'm basic. 
Please go here and get their food. It's bomb. I didn't even need to salt it cause my tears of joy sufficed.Had a nice red bean burger with fries for lunch - Fries are delicious and served with an aoili. Nom, nom, nom. Cool location, good service. Food took a little long to come out (we were one of two groups dining) - If I wasn't starving it wouldn't have mattered.As a pitpull mom, I couldn't visit NOLA and NOT stop in for a drink at Tahyo!  So-Friday night, we stopped in for a few drinks and an appetizer and WOW!  The food was delicious!  The chef even came out to make sure we liked our food!  Above and beyond!   (my expectations were for basic bar food, and the chef went WAY above that)
Because of the excellent service and food, we went back the following night.  The chef saw us and came out to say hi, and thank us for coming back.  We then asked if he would be willing to make us something off-menu, with his only guideline being: vegan (since two of our party, including myself, are vegan).  He jumped at the chance to make something for us (coming out to ask us a few questions, which was awesome!).  The result was beyond belief.  If I lived in NOLA, i would be hanging out at Tahyo Tavern multiple times/week.I came here because I am a big fan of pitbulls and parolees. It was so cool to find out that all the profits go towards helping the dogs. The space was really nice and welcoming, and the staff were super friendly. The food was phenomenal. I recommend the fried green tomatoes. Definitely check this place out if you're visiting New Orleans and you love dogs. Amazing food and you'll help a dog in need eat :)Incredible vibes and tacos on Tuesday. Neil made the experience even better for us and we truly enjoyed his company.WOW!!! Grayson was a perfect host! Ray made DELICIOUS food! RJ the chef ur menu is PHENOMENAL!!! Drinks were great too. Thanks for a wonderful evening in NOLA! Will definitely be back here again and again.Great food! It was a cute lil place with a small menu. It's taco Tuesday so we got a few of those, a burger n fries. The cheeseburger melted in your mouth!Where do I start...I was excited about taco Tuesday until I found a hair in a taco and saw a small mouse walking across the floor. So their solution was to take 3 dollars off our overall meal #neveragainMy group had such a blast here! We were in town for the weekend, and Colin was hilarious and welcoming the entire time. We'd stop in every day for one of his good damn AMAZING margaritas. Seriously one of the best drinks I've ever had.  And all the profits go to charity for a pet shelter!Great cause...providing for the Pitbulls rescued by Tia's organization. My visit to this amazing location was on December 22nd. Bartender, Madeline was beyond overworked. Madeline took orders, made cocktails, cleared and cleaned tables, welcomed guests and served food. Dishwasher hadn't shown up so she was also washing dishes all with a smile. Orlando is the "manager"of the bar, restaurant and sat at the end of the bar during my entire visit and did NOTHING to help Madeline or with the business. I was at the bar for almost two hours!!!! All Orlando did was sit and talk to new customers at the bar about all the dogs he has....Madeline deserves a raise, more servers need to be hired, Orlando needs to go back to work with the dogs. Customers also had to come up to the bar to pay their check while Orlando sat and did NOTHING.I am a huge Pit Bulls & Parolees fan so I had to eat here. It was awesome. The service was terrific. The tacos were the best I have ever had. The tortillas were handmade and all of the toppings were fresh. My husband and daughter had the Bark's Burger and it was delicious. Plus we live the fact that the money helps support Villalobos.Me and my boyfriend came here and had the best experience. The food was absolutely amazing. My boyfriend even said they had best poboy he's ever had! The bartender D. Was awesome so nice and funny, kept us laughing the whole time. It's a great place to eat/drink and it helps support an amazing cause (Villalobos dog rescue!) would 100% come back here next time I'm in New Orleans!!Great food & drinks!!! Bar tenders were awesome! Neal, Damon & Daisy are the best & made our experience great!I stopped into the Tahyo back in late 2018 on a recommendation from my boss. I'm a local and work in the area and spend a lot of my time eating and drinking through the French Quarter. I was aware of the place's affiliation with the rescue, even though I'm a dog person and pitbull lover and owner, my ongoing patronage of the establishment has nothing to do with my personal interests. The food, the staff and the ambiance of the place keep me coming back. From the first time I went in there, I felt among friends and in a comfortable setting where I could eat and drink as long as I pleased. There's several staff members who I've dealt with, but Grayson behind the bar always seems to be running the show. I come in after work, not wanting to talk to people a lot of the time and he's always quick with my drinks and knows to let me drink my high life in peace. I keep coming back thanks to his efficiency and the overall friendliness of just about everyone I've dealt with in there. No matter what affiliation the tavern has, its rings of a true locals NOLA spot. And that mac and cheese is off the chain. Highly recommend to everyone I come across in my daily work. Thanks Grayson and everyone else for keeping this place up and running its just what the city needs in the area.Cutest tavern i've seen in NOLA! All the cocktails are named after rescue dogs, and the decor is a mix of swamp-y stuff and pictures of dogs!! The goosefat fries were some of the best I've ever had. 10/10 great service, relaxed atmosphere, and a great place to spend the afternoon.Cool place y'all. Up Decatur Street but off the beaten path. Great drinks and some of the best tacos I have ever had. Check it out, I loved it.The service is super slow, they were not even packed. We did our check in & got our free Jethro drinks but were ignored after. We sat for 25 min before even being asked if we wanted food. Not sure why this guy was in no hurry to help anyone, you would think he would want a good tip @ least for a new tatt or piercing. Geeez... But the food is very good!!We just stopped in for drinks because my friend had heard about this bar on "Animal Kingdom" and that proceeds from the sale of drinks and food go to rescue dogs, mostly pit bulls. A number of drinks are named after certain rescue dogs, which is kind of cool. It is a fun, relaxing and eclectic place to stop in, whether outside, sitting at the tables (limited seating), or inside the bar. The service was friendly and efficient. If you want to contribute to a good cause and have a relaxing afternoon, I recommend giving this place a go.Read about Tahyo Tavern as I was researching places to eat prior to coming to New Orleans. I have yet to see Pit Bulls & Parolees but I was impressed by what I read. This was the first place my sisters and I came to eat. Little intimidating as we first entered the tavern but was immediately greeted and welcomed to come on in. The food was delicious. We even tried the goose fat fries ( reluctantly) and they were delicious. Everyone in there was great. Different experience that was most enjoyable.Huge fan of the show and have always wanted to come here to show support for the dogs. I ordered the fried brussel sprouts and a burger. Both were very good. Service was quick and helpful. Very laid back atmosphere. Will definitely be back and bonus because I saw Mariah in the gift shop! Very cool!Over all the cooks have changed and the food is horrible. Won't be back. Order the hummus got carrot sticksHopefully the rest of the nights this place operates is as FANTASTIC as it's Grand Opening! Great staff, wonderful prices, rockin' bands & neighborly customers! A good place to have a few drinks & take a turn around the dance floor in order to feed the dogs at VRC! Good move Tia Torres & Family & Crew! Really well done!From the friendly faces (Develyn & Justin) when you walk in the door to drinks to the food everything is exceptionally delicious. The drinks will knock you on your ass and the food gives you the comfort of home but it's all perfect because it goes to the dogs. Don't miss out on trying this wonderful little place.Went here to support rhe dog rescue. Had cheese curds and fries. Both were good. Our server and the girl selling beers outside were beyond amazing. Super patient and did our part to make our experience memorable. We had a bottle of champagne which was a reasonable price and had some cocktails while watching the pride parade. Cocktails were pretty sweet so be advised. Perhaps a better beer and champagne spot. GM was also very kind helping us celebrate my friends BDay with a shot. Seemed to really take pride in the buisness. Definitely come here to support the cause.We visited the Villalobos Pitbull rescue at the suggestion of our Airbnb host (we'd never heard of it) but - we're huge pup people - and wanted to give back by visiting the Tavern as proceeds benefit the rescue.  But let me tell you the food and drinks were AWESOME!!!
We got the Mac & Cheese and the Veggie Muffaletta - both were so good - the faux soy burger was honestly on par with the Impossible Burger.
If you're going to be dining & drinking in The French Quarter why not giving back at the same time!The sign outside asking if you like good food and dogs was more than enough to walk in. First time to New Orleans and so happy to have found this place. The food is PERFECTION.  Krystal was an amazing server and bartender, held her own on a busy Friday night. I highly recommend coming in for the Shrimp Po Boy. 
Will be back again.Great late night food. Great for games, awesome fries, shrimp poboy, burger and beignets! Excellent service and atmosphere.Out of 35 reviews this is my first bad rating. Stopped in because I loved the concept of helping dogs. My fur babies are the best. The Macaroni was delicious. The fried green tomato dish was not. I pushed it to the side and the bartender asked my thoughts so I told him I did not care for it. It was cold and did not taste good. He then proceeded to eat it in front of me. My own dish. I have never felt so shamed at a restaurant. When I teared up showing my embarrassment he dumped it in the trash and called me out. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Good cause or not. I would never go back.Stopped in the Tahyo Tavern for lunch. We have been wanting to try on our last few visits but have not been able to make it. So glad we tried it. The food and service were excellent. We were greeted and seated right away. Wife ordered a fruity drink that was great but unfortunately I can't remember the name of it. I ordered a shrimp po-boy that was huge and very tasty. The fries were fried in duck fat and were spectacular. Wife ordered a shrimp creole Orlando that was fantastic. We will definitely be stopping back in on our next visit.We went to quarters this weekend and have been wanting to try this restaurant. Have to say I was not disappointed. Staff was great. So was the food. Great place to chill and relax. Will definitely be going back. And Damien did an excellent job!!!!!Service was a bit slack - our food came out wrong and was re-made within 2 minutes (slightly concerning as to the freshness...!!) and especially concerning as we were one of only two tables there. The mac and cheese was excellent, the rest was ok. Do love that proceeds go to the dog shelter but probably not enough to convince me to go for a second visit.The hamburger was cooked perfect! It is a large handmade burger.  Love the green tomatoes on the side.  The grilled chicken sandwich with pesto and red peppers was amazing. Both sandwiches were hot and bread fresh.  We will have this restaurant deliver to us again.