Love this place.  Highly recommend the Mediterranean Chicken Platter and the Goat Cheese platter.  Pita and hummus is fantastic!The best hummus in the USA. Incredible food fresh and tasty. Very recommended! Order the fava bean hummus and the Israel is salad. Many vegetarian and vegan options as well!Awesome new place. The pita may not be Shaya level but I think Tals hummus is better and quick and a fraction of cost. Will definitely be back...Great food, good vibes, authentic, the olives and bread are fantastic and are imported from Israel. Good prices and definitely the best option for Mediterranean food in the city.  Definitely my go to place when I am craving a quick bite of falafel and hummus although this place is so much more than that!
Try the strawberry watermelon smoothie/drink that has only strawberries and watermelon for a healthy alternative to a snowball for those HAF Louisiana summer days ahead of us!The first time we went here it was fantastic, great flavors and reasonable portions, but the second time was average and third time just frustrating. One item we got each time was the chicken pita: first time was so good with just a few french fries hidden within but each additional time the ratio of fries to chicken increased until it was a pita full of fries with a sprinkling of chicken. Other items seemed to make the same shift, going from something delicious to just a mass of filler. I want it to be good again after how good the first time was but scared I will be disappointed again.Oh. My. God.  My life has changed. If you are vegetarian or vegan like me, then you need to put down your stupid salad or wrap and get on your bike and hurry immediately to Tal's. Get the Pita Falafel and put the yellow ambas (sp?) sauce on it. I am starting to cry a little, this is so damn good.Tal's Hummus started  off my weekend binge of Middle Eastern cuisine in NOLA. With a place that has "hummus" in its name, my expectations were pretty high for the dish. I was disappointed to say the least. The hummus was clearly made on site, but was beyond bland. I think their tahini to chickpea ratio is off. Unfortunately the same could be said of the overpriced chicken pita I had. As someone who is familiar with the Middle East and its cuisine, I felt like Tal's doesn't have a firm grasp on the seasoning of the region. For a better hummus, I would recommend the Lebanon Cafe and for well seasoned chicken, Mona's Cafe up the street will do the trick for a cheaper cost . A swing and a miss for this customer.I LOOOOVE Mediterranean food.  But in a city where every single cook in every single Mediterranean restaurant cooks the exact same recipes (I know because I talked to one of them and they've all worked in the same kitchens) it is such a refreshing change to eat something so well-made, beautifully seasoned, and different.  This stuff is unique enough to be exciting, but not so weird that it's unrecognizable as Mediterranean.  And the bread will make gluten-allergics jump off the expressway bridge.This was thoroughly unenjoyable. The bathrooms were disgusting and the food was worse. The Israeli salad was so salty it was inedible, the hummus was bland and runny, and the chicken was burnt. Do not recommend.We had a delicious meal: Mediterranean chicken w hummus, falafel on pita.  Fries were great. Everything seasoned just right. Pita was wonderful. We'll be regulars here!The best hummus in the city. Wild mushroom is my favorite so far. It's an order at the counter and they bring it out to you restaurant. Pita is so fresh and homemade as well. This hidden gem won't be hidden for long!Meh, it was ok. I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Sandwich and an order of hummus. I was VERY disappointed by their hummus. For a place with "hummus" in their name the hummus should've been amazing! Unfortunately, the hummus wasn't that good. It needed more flavor so we tried to fix it by adding some lemon, salt, pepper and even then it was still just ok. The star of the show was definitely the pita bread. It was sooo good! It was soft, warm and very fresh. Delicious! I would go back just to buy some of the pita bread. The fries that were in my sandwich were also very good. The chicken was good but it wasn't anything amazing. It was just good. The girl at the register was super nice and I loved that they had free cucumber infused water. With so much competition they need to step it up before they become another one of the many casualties of the NOLA restaurant business.Very good. Small casual place. Hummus was delicious. The kabobs are very small but good. It's byob.Food was cold and bland. Prices way too high. "Side" of fries means FIVE french fries on my plate (also cold). Very disappointed in service as well. 
Just some New Yorkers trying to make a quick buck on magazine street. Steer clear, this place won't last long...I'll keep it nice and sort.
I had the falafel plate and it was perfect! Portion was perfect, tastes better then I expectedHere on vacation and I was seriously in need of a healthier cleaner option for lunch. We walked down a strip and found Tal's. Okay, I had the crispy cauliflower tomato salsa & tahini and my husband had the chicken schnitzel with a side of hand cut fries. ALL of it was really delicious! I have never really enjoyed cauliflower as much as I did now, except when I make it. The portions are perfect and you can taste the freshness in the food. Thanks for making this vegetarian/On my way to vegan lady really happy and filling my tummy! My husband thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich. He said everything was fresh, from the sauce to the chicken and veggies. 
The space was also pleasing, I LOVE that they utilize their walls for the menu items! The kit hen was clean, I'm nosy and took a peek! And the cashier was very friendly and explained well the menu items.Underwhelmed. If you like over cooked eggs on your Shakshuka then Tal's Hummus is the place for you. I was expecting something in a skillet, hot out of the oven and got stewed tomatoes served on a plastic plate. Others reviews about lack of seasoning are spot on.Okay, I'm going to say it...if you want hummus that's just as good (if not better) and cheaper than Shaya, try Tal's! I know, I know...Shaya is a James Beard award winning best restaurant, yada yada. But if you're really into hummus and Mediterranean style food, Tal's is very good and worth trying! The menu is very diverse and everything appears to be completely fresh and homemade. They also have a small complimentary add on bar with olives, nuts, oils, dips, etc. My only nitpick is that they leave the front door open sometimes. It's summer in New Orleans...close the door and turn up the air conditioner. Otherwise, we'll definitely be returning!I thought this place had the best hummus and pita ive had in New Orleans. The pita in particular is a cut above everywhere else I've tried. Even though I love 1000 figs, etc., this hummus / pita is way betterVery good quality vegan Mediterranean fair! Their vegan chicken Shawarma is a must try! They use excellent seitan to make that. Overall, there are lots of vegan and vegetarian options at this place, and the food is very tasty and fresh. Service is also good although it is counter service. If you are a vegan or vegetarian in New Orleans, then this restaurant is a must try.The food is excellent. But it is EXTREMELY expensive, and the service is very very slow. I paid $35 for two sandwiches and it took thirty minutes. There is a similar restaurant literally across the street where sandwiches are $6.99 and the service is quick and super friendly. Patronize Shahrazad Cafe instead.Wow. I came to NOLA for the food and never in a million years would I have expected to have my favorite meal at an Israeli restaurant!!! It was amazing!!! Come here for sure if you're going across the street to see the Soul Rebels on a Thursday, but just come here anyway because it's amazing. Love it!!!!!Stopped in here Saturday with some friends prior to a pub crawl.  We ordered the chicken pita sandwich, a lemonana mint frozen drink, a slice of pear almond tart, frozen coffee, and the regular hummus.  Food took a little while to come out, but they had just opened when we arrived, plus everything is made fresh.  The pear and almond tart was tasty without being too sweet, but the crust needed a bit more crunch for texture.  My sandwich was good, but I wasn't wild about the large chunks of chicken, which were kind of fatty.  I would have preferred chicken breast only.  The lemonana mint frozen drink was super refreshing for a hot NOLA day.  The hummus and pita was definitely the star.  Creamy, seasoned perfectly, with whole chickpeas dotted throughout.  The pita is fluffy and thick. We will definitely return for hummus and maybe try other small plates.I ordered to-go and while waiting enjoyed some dips and pita. I had the sabich (fried eggplant, hard boiled egg) sandwich. The amba, tahini, and pickles put it over the edge. It was delicious I MUST have it again soon! The Tal's hummus was excellent as well. 
The establishment is a cute little shop on Magazine. It seems like a great place for casual lunches or quick dinners. 
I'm so excited Tal's is close to my work.  I can't wait to visit here more often.Great for lunch. Healthy, quick and best of all DELICIOUS. The best pita I've ever had. 
Ordered tabouli with grilled chicken and it was perfect.I ordered from Tal's for the second time last night. The falafel platter was delicious and well priced ($13) for the amount of food it came with: 5 falafel balls, a side salad, a ton of French fries, and copious amounts of hummus. It also had two pieces of their delicious fluffy pita.
Their hummus isn't the best I've ever eaten, but I will definitely order from them again.I kept passing this place up thinking they just sold Hummus. I was pleased to find they have a nice modest menu of Mediterranean fare. More of a lunch spot, they serve platters, sandwiches, salads and other small bites. The most unique part is the complimentary pita bar with an array of dip options and olives. 
I ordered the Mediterranean chicken pita sandwich. It came with fries (the thick crispy kind) tucked onto the pita opening. The rest of the deliciousness (juicy grilled chicken with nice crisped ends) was stuffed inside with a delightfully fresh tahini. Loved it. It was a little pricier than other but worth the extra dollars.i love this place. the food is always on point. the pita is the fluffiest pita in new orleans. The falafel and hummus are very simply and very delicious.  I love burekas and I was pleased with the burekas here although I do wish they were less expensive. overall its my favorite place in nola to get my hummus and pita fix.Delicious traditional Israeli food! Cute little place , really cool and clean , great prices and the food absolutely stunning.You will find all Of the classic street food items :Hummus, falafel, kebab , sabich , burekas... All the good stuff from Israel! Highly recommended!Gluten free pita that is out of this world! Chicken shawarma on gluten free pita with hummus was really outstanding. The Israeli salad was super fresh and delicious...I recommend asking for the dressing on the side so you can control the amount of it. Great place for lunch when you are strolling Magazine Street.Tal's Hummus is delicious and was a hit last night at a non traditional Seder. They even have unleavened gluten free pita and flat bread.  The kids ate them up so there were no leftovers and the grown ups raved about the shaksuka.  Thanks for helping me make a memory with my first Seder.The falafel was good but the portion is quite small compared to the competitors and the hummus was inedible. Quite disappointing considering the reviews.Absolutely delicious! I had the Israeli salad and Mediterranean Grilled Chicken sandwich, and both were super tasty and fresh. This is a really cute place too and perfect for an easy, yummy meal.Best falafel pita pocket in New Orleans! Customers can also help themselves to pita slices and a variety of dips and olives - my friends and I showed up ravenous, so this kept us happy until our meals arrived.I had the falafel sandwich. It was delicious! The jasmine iced tea and the little baklava bites were also yummy. Anyway, I do believe the bread is freshly baked in-house. It certainly tastes like it! Also, you get a big, filling sandwich. It is a bit out of my usual path of travel but I look forward to eating there again for the day parades on Magazine next weekend.Randomly came to this place while looking for Mediterranean in the area.  Got the beef kabob and it was fantastic! Very fresh and authentic. Exceeded my expectations.  Will be coming back.The food is unexpectedly fresh and delicious. Good portion. Great fries. Great atmosphere!Hummus is so yummus! And I really like Tals :) it's chunky and has a unique flavor. I'll definitely be back to try all the different varieties!Decent place, so-so atmosphere, food is good, but a little pricey.  Door was open in late June..kind of warm. Other than that, avg place in a pinch, but prob not making plans to go there.Pretty terrible food that made my family sick. The falafel were small re-fried burnt and hard nuggets. It was not fresh tasting or tasty. The best I can say was the pita was soft.I'm going to give 3 stars to my dinner experience, but I think this is probably an awesome little lunch place.
I had been wanting to try Tal's as soon as I saw them move into the space that used to be McClure's BBQ. I love Middle Eastern food and rumor had it that the hummus here was amazing, so we came on a weeknight for dinner around 7:30. There was no one here, and we wasted no time walking to the front and placing our order.
We decided to start with an order of regular hummus and I got the chicken pita. The hummus was delicious and the pita was so unique- it was thick and fluffy! I had never had pita like that before and I loved it. It was really fresh and the hummus was perfect and lemony. The chicken pita was okay, but it didn't knock my socks off. The chicken itself was really good and it was packed with lettuce and other goodies, but I think it would have made a better lunch than dinner. I honestly found myself hungry again a few hours after eating, so that's what makes me say that.
I love the little bar of condiments they have and, as an olive lover, I have a deep appreciation for the fact that you can load up on as many olives as you want. Seriously, give me all of the olives.
I would definitely stop in here for lunch and maybe grab dinner somewhere else when I am in the mood for Mediterranean.What an amazing place!!! Very authentic and delicious food.  My family and I were reminded of Israel as we enjoyed the falafel, hummus, Sabich and bureka.  Highly recommend - we will definitely be back, 
Ps - we loved the pita tooVery good food here, as a vegan, that vegan chicken shawarma is as real as it gets for vegan chicken! I was scared to eat it because it was so real! The prices are a little too expensive here I'll say. But everything else is good, it's a beautiful place! I love the pictures of Tel Aviv inside :)The menu is confusing to read, the chicken swarma sandwich was tiny for 14$ and just okay. They also really need to replace some of the faux leather chairs. The material is peeling off and just looks gross.Great, fresh-tasting hummus. An excellent little lunch spot I happily return to every week.This place is one of my favorites! Everything is delicious and they have tons of vegan and gluten free options.I had the green falafel pita and it was perfect. Very fresh and light. Not rock hard fried tasteless falafel like I've had in the past. Looking forward to coming back and trying there vegan chicken shawarmaI like Tal's quite a bit. Excellent falafel plate with five falafel balls, pita, hummus and fries. The falafel sandwich is also good. However, at $13 for the plate and $9 for the sandwich, I find the food expensive for a counter service establishment. I'd probably eat at Tal's twice as much if the sandwich was a more reasonable $6-7 and the plate a more reasonable $9-10.  The free olive and garnish bar is a nice touch.some great food here.    I have had many many different things here.  the hummus is excellent and make sure you get some chimihurra green HEAT on the side from the fixins table.   there is also a mango heat there too.   all those little nuances there to add are tasty.
I have had the various platters here too.   wow.     excellent israeli street food.    I always get extra pita bread, and lots of those sauces.     I feel the quality of the food to be excellent, and I love that you put tomatoes on the tables outside.   prices are kinda high which makes me sad, but again, the food and quality are excellent so I can get past that.
you lose a star though, cause the owner has berated his employees one too many times in front of me.   save that for another time Tal.     your customers don't need to see that.   And good lord, let a worker use the restroom.The food is decent...good even but the price is not worth it. The menu seemed to state that the sandwich came with fries and a salad which would have made the $15 price tag slightly less objectionable. However, they were added into the pita. 
Definitely disappointed and not planning on coming back.The falafel sandwich was okay. Nothing spectacular. I was told there was gonna be salad on it, there was no lettuce whatsoever. Just pickles, cucumbers, and a tomato. Next time I'll just get the falafels by themselves.Actually stopped in while at a parade during Mardi Gras the other day.  Absolutely enjoyed a Chicken Pita some baklava and humus.  Much improved even on a crazy Mardi Gras night.Tried lunch there on Monday about 11:30. The four of us ordered pita sandwiches that came with sides of fries. The only drink options were various types of bottled water. We were the only ones in the place but we still waited for over 25 mins for our food to start arriving.  Three of them came out fairly quickly; our waitress said the first two were schnitzel pitas. One was, was clearly was not. We figured it was just an oversight because the first two brought out matched the first two things we ordered.  Third pita came out shortly after. The fourth pita didn't come out for another 10 mins and it was not the right type. We showed the waitress what we had and explained that she said the wrong thing when she dropped them off. She went back to talk to the cook then came back and argued with us that "she said she made it right so you must be mistaken".  Another 10 mins and some arguing we got the correct order. The fries finally came out - there were 12 French fries for four orders- 12! 
The food was pretty decent but it doesn't overcome the prices ($30 for two pitas, water and fries), lack of customer service and time spent for an average lunch.  We likely won't be back.I have had this place bookmarked for a while and I was actually very disappointed. My favorite items here were the freshly made Pita bread. it is so soft and fluffy Can I have a dozen of this togo please?!? 
The baba ganoush was pretty good. My least favorite had to be their hummus, ironically. The hummus had a bland beany flavor with a strong notes of tahini. It definitely did not have any salt or lemony flavor like I am used to.
In fact, I think they forgot to add salt to my entire meal. My beef kabob was not seasoned at all. I usually add spiciness to my food, but it was one of the first times that even I had to add salt. I was also disappointed that the kabob was more of ground beef patty.  The chicken shawarma did taste very fresh and crispy though.
Overall, there are better tasting and better priced food options around this area for Mediterranean. The star of the show here is  definitely the fresh pita bread. I do like how the place is clean and the workers seem friendly enough. I would only go back if I am craving their fresh, soft bread.Delicious, fresh and healthy and in lovely quiet part of Magazine street.  Highly recommend!The food here, especially the vegan and vegetarian options, is consistently delicious.  The food is simple and humble with fresh ingredients.  They have the best babaganoush and falafel in the city and I've never been disappointed in any of the hummus plates.  Try the green salad or Israeli salad (if you like tomatoes) for some pure plant power or get a pita sandwich with extra pickles.WAY overpriced, the food doesn't have much flavor, the portions are small. Very disappointing.I tried out a few of the basics to get a feel for them; the chicken pita sandwich was respectable and a lot of food. The falafel paled in comparison to 1000 Figs, as all other falafels do (not a dig, they just have some life-altering falafel at 1000 Figs y'all.)
One standout is their pita. It is thick yet light and just heavenly. You couldn't go wrong just ordering some hummus and pita and making a meal of it. 
I'll be back to try the shakshuka soon.Overpriced and not worth it. The greens inside my pita were very bitter and the falafel was bland. Schwarma on the go down the street is way better with similar food and cheaper prices.Having worked around Tal at Doris Metropolitan years ago, I was pleased to see his success in getting his own spot and right around the corner from my house no less in the old McClures BBQ. It took me forever to finally order anything, and my first visit for takeout wasn't entirely memorable and to be fair, Cleos in the CBD is my favorite for this type of food, and Monas can't be beat for prices/quantity. However, for my 2nd visit, I was starving and decided on a Kebab Pita with added Babaganoush, and a side of falafel. Came to around $15. Every bite was so delicious and savory. Perfect gaminess on the Kebab, earthiness on the eggplant, crunchiness of the veggies. Pita was huge and stuffed. Falafel were a nice added touch of crunch on the side instead of fries. I made sure to grab an extra side of Tahini and the spicy salsa from the bar. They make it so easy to order online and either pay through the site or at the counter. The girl working there was there the first time I visited and I was pleased to see she was still there on my recent visit, I wish I had some cash on me to tip her because she's very friendly and efficient. The dining room is bright and clean. I was full all evening from my sandwich, which took two times to finally eat it all and found myself craving it again the next day. I really want to try the cauliflower. All in all, I think some things may be hit and miss here, and yes, it is a bit pricey- but the quality and part of town make sense, I can't beat the convenience. Consider me a regular.Solid options and I love that they had complimentary self-service relishes and olives. The cauliflower is huge and the tahini sauce they pair it with is good.  The falafel are also solid.  Great place to pop in for lunch or to grab a bite.A welcome addition to the neighborhood! It might take a couple of visits here to figure out the best values -- the beef pita not so much, yes on the hummus -- but I'm consistently impressed at the care the staff takes with everything they serve. Lots of fresh mint and lime in the green tea, delicious and not-too-sweet watermelon lemonade, tasty hummus and excellent pita. Nice, bright space for hanging out, usually with good music. I've also ordered via Menufy while sitting at the bar at Le Bon Temps across the street, then run over for a pick up -- fast and efficient.Eaxcellent food and ambiance!! Small place but full of flavors of authentic street food! Not to forget free Baklavas (on house)Atmosphere was nice. Folks were friendly. Had a chicken pita sandwich and a lemonade. No sides.  $17.60.  Chicken pita sandwich tasted like, well, a chicken pita sandwich. Nothing extraordinary. Price point was great for people who hate their money and want to get rid of it.I predict this place will put Shaya out of business. The hummus here is just as good & just as varied. The pita is just as fresh, warm, and perfect. The prices are super reasonable. No it doesn't have a hipster waitstaff or a fancy courtyard, but the interior is cute, comfortable and fresh. Better yet: get your hummus to go and eat it on your porch. 
I tried the regular hummus and the fava bean. Both were out of this world. Can't wait to try the other various mezze and salads.I was reeeeaaaaaaly excited to make the trek uptown to try out Tal's. Fresh pita and hummus is THE BEST!  I'm always looking for bright and fresh mediterranean fare. The staff were very pleasant, the space is bright and clean,  and the food came quickly. I should've asked the counterperson for specifics, but when I saw a $14 price tag on the beef kabab hummus, I in no way expected a small plate of hummus with three ground beef-style kebab balls on it. Were they good? Yes. Nice charcoal-y tasting, and well seasoned. Was it what I expected? No. Was it worth $14 for lunch? Definitely no.
The hummus was very light and fluffy but I feel like it sorely lacked seasoning. There's a nifty olive/sauces bar off to the side (that should totally be on the other side of the room because it makes it a bit confusing when ordering: the line is also right there) and there is some very tasty stuff: a spicy green relish and a lovely sauce with tons of turmeric in it that was wonderful. While fresh and soft, the bread was not served warm. 
I would likely go back if I were in the neighborhood again, because they're so new. Someone  at a nearby table had the borekas and they looked tasty. And I'd give their falafel a chance - totally mad at myself for not ordering that.  But I'm unlikely to specifically make the trip across town when I've got Mona's and 1000 Figs reasonably nearby.My experience was delicious 
Really tasty and good Israeli food 
Clean and beautiful place 
Recommend this place.
Good customer serviceThough it's a little expensive... after having my second meal from there I think it's worth the price. It's my favorite hummus in the city, and the quinoa tabouleh salad is great. The portions are large, and the pita bread is perfect. I love that they deliver too. I got just hummus and tabouleh last night and it's been enough for 3 meals already!All food prepared with great care; always a reliable and satisfying meal! I always get the mushroom hummus. It might just be the best hummus in town (don't tell Shaya).Absolutely disgusting, they charged me 20$ for an awful piece of thigh meat disguised as breast! I specifically asked for breast and then they tried to tell me it was breast. They were rude and made me feel very uncomfortable there is something strange about this place I think it's very cheap produce, charging very big prices and as a local in this neighborhood and an expert in Mediterranean cuisine I am absolutely disgusted with this food quality. Don't do it guys.Have been looking forward to this place but the first employee didn't know the difference between the baklavas but was at least nice and honest. The guy he called over, however, was extremely arrogant and wouldn't tell me what the difference was. I just pointed to 2 and called it a day.The best Mediterranean food we've ever had! We'll never eat at any other again. We're coming back here anytime we're craving this kind of food and we are bringing everyone we know here! Love the music too! It's Arabian/Mediterranean/Israeli. Loved it! The presentation of the food on the plates was awesome too! We talked to the chef and he was a really cool guy! Excellent wonderful chef!I kept passing this place up thinking they just sold Hummus. I was pleased to find they have a nice modest menu of Mediterranean fare. More of a lunch spot, they serve platters, sandwiches, salads and other small bites. The most unique part is the complimentary pita bar with an array of dip options and olives. 
I ordered the Mediterranean chicken pita sandwich. It came with fries (the thick crispy kind) tucked onto the pita opening. The rest of the deliciousness (juicy grilled chicken with nice crisped ends) was stuffed inside with a delightfully fresh tahini. Loved it. It was a little pricier than other but worth the extra dollars. 
**I went back Tal's this week and tried the Beef Kabob sandwich. No fries in this one but soooooo delicious. Love the fresh flavors, the meat and the pita is one of my favorites. Still a huge fan!Came here on their second day open and I have nothing bad to say! While waiting for my order Tal came and let my mother and I to sample the falafel ~delicious ~.I ordered the Mediterranean chicken platter. It came with a healthy portion of well seasoned chicken breast and delicious hummus. The salad was simple yet great; the dressing was basic with olive oil pepper and lemon juice. I subsituted the fries for their rice which is amazing, cooked with onions and chickpeas. Although, I have heard the fries are great fresh cut from the potato. I really hope this business thrives and succeeds.
Ps. I would upload a picture but I ate everythingLiving so close to this place  my girlfriend and I  REALLY wanted to like it, but alas it was a hit or miss proposition, so I waited until we visited a second time before writing my rewiew.  Considering the name of the place the hummus was terribly bland and quite unsatisfying. The baba ganoush, while coming in a large portion, lacked flavor as well. The tahini was thin and watery. On the plus side the beef kabob was delicious and the falafel was very good as well.  The staff was helpful and friendly, but after two visits I don't know if we will go there again anytime soon.This place was good, and I plan to return constantly. I am half Armenian, and grew up on Levantine food. I've lived here almost ten years, and have been frustrated in that time by the dearth of quality Middle Eastern options. The food here is so, so good. I loved the toppings/sides bar, the free cucumber water, the bourekas, and the accompanying salad. Service was great. The sole reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that the bourekas were presented and priced as an entree, but even with all the accompanying sides I was still actively hungry. Meanwhile, my friend's similarly priced falafel platter was enough food for two people. Also, the sauces on the side did not make sense with the bourekas, which were flavorful in a way that for me clashed with the tahini and red sauce, plus they were moist all on their own. But this seems like the sort of thing that will get worked out as the restaurant takes off. Can't wait for them to add more entrees.I still like Tal's but the fries have been downgraded from the thick cut fries they used to serve to more ordinary fries, the salad in the falafel plate appears to be more like garnishes now, and they only provide 1 1/2 pieces of pita (3 half's) vs 2 full pita. The falafel platter is $14 which is steep so I don't like these small downgrades. However the falafel itself remains absolutely top notch and far above anything else in Nola. Would give 4 or even 5 stars if not so expensive. But I still go occasionally!Stopped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my wife got a falafel platter. My sandwich came out almost immediately, but had cold fries and was soggy. The veggies were fresh and tasty, and if it would have been a $6 pita, no problem, but for the price very disappointing. I had completely finished my sandwich before the falafel platter came out for my wife so that decreased our enjoyment of the meal even further. Her falafel was good, but nothing amazing and again the price was much closer to the prices at Shaya than a normal falafel shop. We mentioned to the server the extreme delay between dishes and she said "oh yeah most of the kitchen staff quit last week and the new people don't know what they're doing yet". Finally, I can't stand iPad ordering systems that immediately prompt you for a tip and recommend 15, 18 and 20% for a takeout counter where you dress your own sandwich and get your own drinks. It will be a long time before I would return to Tal's with this level of service and pricing.Went here with my Israeli husband. The falafel pita was outstanding!!! The best we have had here. Reminded me of the ones we got in Tel Aviv. Pita was ok. I didn't care for the hummus or beef kebab. Baklava was really good.Utterly confounded as to how this place doesn't have better reviews. Had an insanely good falafel (by any standards), will return again and again.