Tartine has updated its menu and continues to produce top notch fresh baked breads, muffins and deserts.  The brioche grilled cheese special was as good as a grilled cheese gets.  Lots of healthy, filling, delicious salads too.Loved this place!  The food was incredible.  The four of us sampled each other's dishes and could not decide what was the best.  We had the baked eggs in brioche; shrimp crepe with scrambled eggs & mornay sauce; grits & pork debris in a brioche bowl; and potato pancakes, apple compote, braised pork & eggs with pepper jelly.  Everything was fabulous!  
One note - the place is TINY so you may have to wait for a table.  You place your order at the counter then wait for the delicious food to be brought to your table.
Oh - and the coffee is fantastic, too!  I can't wait to go back and try even more dishes.Great little bakery and restaurant, and it turns out they have the BEST King Cake in town!  Get one while you can...Holy crap on a stick! Tartine makes the best quiche I've ever had. It is out of this world. How is it so creamy?? So soft?? So eggy?? It tastes like they spent five hours whipping up the eggs into some marvelous magical delightfulness -- I don't even understand it, it should be illegal. Place is very reasonably priced too, totally doable to have brunch for two under $20. Of note.. I ordered a latte. But they brought me french press. I didn't complain, it was good french press.Love the set up. Cute little tables, get your own coffee, cozy atmosphere. Prices are fair.  Sandwiches are great.  Everything comes with side (fruit salad, bean salade, maybe they rotate?). Eggs bakes in brioche was pretty amazing.  Will be back soon.This place is awesome.
Ordered the ham and brie sandwich with some kind of orange marmalade, baguette was perfect. they make it there. 
My husband ordered the croque monsieur. really really good.
It's enough food to share but fun to get both and then just bring the rest home to eat for dinner.
Would definitely be even more awesome if they had a side of stone ground grits you could get with brunch on sundays.
Recommend to anyone.
They take credit cards.
Love this place.
Also pop-up restaurant on Tuesdays looks like it has a phenomenal menu. Can't wait to try. It's byob too! You can find their menus on facebook by searching for roosterfish, perrier streetThis place is the coolest cafe you don't know is there unless you know its there. Tucked away in a little corner of uptown, off Broadway, Chef Cara is making deliciousness all the time. I've never had a soup or special or sandwich or pretty much anything that I didn't like. The steak sandwich, salmon rillette, baked eggs in brioche, ham tartine and quiche of the day are all excellent. The bread is baked fresh and the cookies and sweets are always spot on. I love sitting on the patio outside when the weather is nice. I can't praise the chef enough and it still amazes me the quality and consistency that this tiny kitchen always puts out. Seriously. The kitchen is tiny, but awesome.Favorite place to get brunch in the city. 
Off the beaten path, near university square, but definitely a place to check out if your in town. 
All of the sandwiches are great, especially the ham tartine and the steak sandwich. 
The sides are always fantastic. The best one I've had so a far is the cous cous.My family, 6 of us, stumbled upon this place on our way to the Audubon Zoo. Hands down amazing! We all order different things and each one was amazing. Not a bad thing on the menu! Do yourself a favor and make the trip out to them.10/10 would eat again. The breakfast is delicious, the salad was good, coffee was strong and tasty. Cute and quaint little place with friendly service! Will be back for sure.Ambience is very causal and slightly cramped in some areas. The place is hidden, too but well worth the hunt. I had their quiche and eggs in brioche bread. Both were amazing and executed properly. The quiche is huge, seasonly perfectly, airy texture, and delicious. Best quiche I've had. 
The eggs in brioche is decadent, creamy, and also cooked perfectly. I heard a little about heir tea time and will be going back. I'd be happy to gain 5lbs from this place!I went to this nice little place for lunch today and was very happy I did. The menu is limited to salads, quiches, and sandwiches, but the offerings are all very authentically French or takeoffs on the classics. I had a small side salad which was mixed greens, chevre, sweet roasted pecans, and strawberries tossed with the perfect amount of vinaigrette,ie, it wasn't applied with a fire hose like most places do. All the flavors came through nicely. I also ordered a sandwich consisting of ham, brie, Dijon mustard, and a fig compote on a toasted baguette. Tres excellent.  My dining companion ordered the quiche of the day and loved it but didn't offer me a bite. (Place snarky comment here.) Both the sandwich and the qucihe were served with a quinoa salad. Very nice as well. Oh and the egg dishes served only til 11 looked really good as well.  I will def go back and I'm guessing if I do I'm raising it to 5 stars. I just hate to do it on one visit.Alright to good sandwiches, salads and breakfast type items like bagels, scones, brioche and quiche.  The coffee, tea and other drinks are now self-serve and on my last visit they seemed to be out of fresh coffee and  had older lukewarm coffee that tasted watered down and blah.  They used to serve great fresh coffee in a French press brought to your table but now the coffee is stored in a thermos you pump it out of.  The ambiance of the inside just isn't inspiring to me while the outside patio is the best spot in nicer weather.  The location looks like somebody decided to open a restaurant next to their house and the parking is less than fun to deal with in the area.  Most things here are probably around a three or four star when they are done properly but having bad coffee is just not an option in a joint like this.  Seems like the quality has gone down here and gotten inconsistent.  Granted I'm not much of a breakfast person so this is just not my favorite spot for breakfast, brunch or lunch but many folks love it.I finally made it to Tartine after lots of fanfare, and was not disappointed! I had the breakfast tartine, which comes with butter, jam and brie, and a side of fruit salad. All the elements were great together, and it was well worth the $5.50. My husband had the ham sandwich, which was even better. The fig mustard made it really special, and the ham was thick cut and perfect. Our cafe au lait's were very nice as well. Finally, we got a blackberry, lemon, and apple tart to go and they were delightful and plenty large for one person. I really liked the lemon, and the apple was neat because it had a layer of custard on the bottom instead of just being a mini apple pie (and the apple tart crust was amazing). The blackberry was my husbands favorite. I plan on going here as much as possible.I ordered the steak salad which was made up of chilled steak and a mountain of lettuce. It's neither spectacular nor bad. It could have used more vegetables other than the few cherry tomatoes and pickled peppers on top. The croutons are delicious though. My favorite thing about the croutons is that they aren't hard and won't break your teeth. I like that when you bite them they crunch and break without taking a toll. Overall i enjoyed the salad. It was generous in protein. The only sadness i was hungry an hour later. Maybe I'll go a carb-ier way next time.The sandwich (turkey) was really good and the side of white beans was a nice touch.  The ambiance stinks though - too loud.Update: still obsessed! Does anyone know what the dressing on the bean salad is? It's amazing.
Obsessed. Almost don't want to review because I don't want it to get crowded. Everything is delicious. Go early before they run out!Love this place. I'm big on brunch and had been struggling to find new places in NOLA after I exhausted my regular spots. The menu changes often so there's always something new. The breads are fresh baked and everything I've had has been delicious. 4 stars just because their coffee isn't very good but overall a great place.I've now had the coddled eggs twice. The first time they were amazing. The second time they were tasty, but substantially more greasy. Felt a bit like I was wading through the bowl. I'm not sure what changed, but I think I'll be ordering something else next time.
We again got the French toast for my two boys. Instead of individual dipping bowls of syrup (which they loved), it had a generous helping of berry jam/sauce on top (which they were not a fan of). Great for an adult; a little heavy handed for my 4 year old.
Husband had the shrimp crepe. Best thing on the table, hands down.Just had an amazing breakfast sandwich. Scrambled eggs, bacon and cream cheese on bagel. Side of fruit and mug of tea. All under $10 and friendly staff. It's probably dangerous that I'm within walking distance.I was looking for a local, non-chain eatery and the reviews here were great. The location was tucked away but don't let that slow you down. Favorite place we ate. Good prices. Excellent food!!A favorite breakfast spot. The baked eggs in brioche is consistently excellent, and a must order. The bagels are my favorite in New Orleans.So my wife and I decided to eat here because of the great reviews. Now it wasn't too hard to find the place. You order at the counter and they bring you your meal. The staff was nice and the menu wasn't to large were you are over burdened with choices. I order the pork rigette tartine and my wife the smoked Turkey sandwich. The tartine is an open faced sandwich served on a baguette. Now while presentation was ok and servers were nice the food was sub par. The pulled pork looked like baby food and tasted like it too. It had been either pre cooked frozen or just overly ran through a food processor. My wife said she liked her sandwich but it's not hard to mess up a turkey sandwich. Overall i wouldn't recommend anyone to eat here unless you're just curious to try. I will try the breakfast because everyone said its good. Ill write another review then.Tiny, charming, with great bistro food. I had an iced coffee and the butternut squash soup and could not have been happier. The ham and brie sandwich was also delicious. 
It's off the beaten path, but if you're going for a stroll in Audubon Park, take a detour at Magazine and wander through the residential area to this place. It's a great journey to a wonderful destination.A little pricey and the staff was tired and flustered. The food was fancy to a fault. Not every french ingredient mixes together to form something delicious. Overall the food was nicely prepared and presented but a little too adventurous for my taste buds.First visit with wife and tots. Had meat quiche and veggie quiche, and they were both very good. Portion size was generous. Strawberry jam was amazing. We'll be going back.I finally found a 5 star establishment.  Its been awhile since I have been wowed by anything lately....but I love Tartine!   I was there for two breakfasts in a row, so yeah, they make me very happy.
The first breakfast was the eggs with ham and cheese en brioche.   Very well done, eggs cooked perfectly.
The second was the quiche of the day, onions, ham and gruyere cheese.  Nice piece of quiche for the six dollars and fifty cents.
I also had a breakfast scone today, with macadamia nuts, raisins, and a side of lemon curd.   That was fantastic.
The pastry prices were beyond reasonable for what you were getting.   This is my favorite bakery  in New Orleans.  Huge cream filled Eclairs, for 2.50?   Comparing for the one bit ones I paid  1.50  for on Maple Street, I would venture to say that Tartine is also a great value.
Coffee and beverages are self serve and the coffee brand is Community in several varieties.   Cute interior and little outdoor seating area for when the weather cools off.  The staff is very sweet and accommodating.  
The turn around time for food is a little slower than what one would like, including myself, but the quality is well worth it.   I am pleased to offer this 5 star rating for Tartine.   Tartine has made me very happy.  This hidden gem is a brilliant stone, (but not a blood diamond.)This place is awesome. I have to hold back on purchasing "one of each please" as I wouldn't be able to make it to the car fast enough to shove it all down my gullet.  The Salade Niçoise is the shit. Hands down. I used up all my bread scraping the leftover juices, so I tried to see if Moms overlooked a scrap or two of her bread so I wouldn't have to lick the plate.  Luckily we worked it out. Beware of the old lady lunch crowd, cuz dry ain't moving and nor do they care that chu ain't got no place to eat. Get the Niçoise.Fresh ingredients quickly prepared, with an efficient and friendly staff. Four of us went on a Sunday morning at 9 am and we had almost no wait. The bagel with arugula, bacon, egg, and tomato is so amazing all four of us got it, and it was perfectly complimented by french press coffee served with frothed milk. To top if off, we wanted to get cinnamon-cream-cheese king cake-there was only one left but they split it for us and it had me dreaming for my lunch at work for the next two days.Baked eggs in Brioche
UNBELIEVABLE!!!
2 perfectly poached eggs in  fresh baked brioche topped with melted gruyere
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had...It makes me happy just thinking about it   :-)Great brunch spot. It was a very quick wait. Solid food and great service. I would highly recommend.Went for lunch with a friend today and loved it. The bread was some of the crustiest and tastiest i have had in this city, and my ham and brie tartine with fig jam was spectacularly crafted and well balanced. The duck liver mousse was light and perfectly whipped in texture, and the accompanying fruit spread was delectable (and went great on my tartine, to boot). The staff was friendly and happy to allow my friend and I to bring our own bottle of wine, and I foresee myself coming back regularly. The only thing keeping me from a five-star rating was that my friend's tuna nicoise salad appeared to have canned tuna, not fresh. She still enjoyed it, though!This shop is one of those hidden gems of New Orleans. My wife and I love to go here for breakfast and lunch. Chef Cara bakes delicious breads (and the macaroons, when they're available, are outstanding)! I think we've had all of the sandwiches Tartine offers a couple of different times and, while they're all good, the ham with fig mustard and brie is hard to beat. I don't know if it's on the menu, but I always get the eggs brioche (poached eggs inside a delicious brioche bowl).
I do have two negative points: 1) it can get very crowded at lunch time, and 2) they're not open 7 days a week. This just means you need to plan accordingly!Very good and quick lunch here recently. Probably will go regularly since it's so close to work part of the week. Delicious egg salad Tartine. But you need to do something to cover the open rack storing the steaks (or hide it somewhere). The flies alighting on the steak is not appealing.WAY off the beaten tourist path and easy to miss but their sign is so cute. Loved this place!
Salmon tartine was great - it was a salmon spread/pate not lox on baguette.
Eggs in Brioche was divine.  We sat outside.
It is an odd cafe space, but since they can't do much about it, I'm not dinging them. Perhaps a good scrubdown/fresh paint/art would fix that.
Go go go to Tartine!Ok so this place is a probably my favorite spot in NOLA right now. Service is super friendly, prices are perfect, the place is always clean and has a cool-casual vibe, and the food is ON POINT! Oh, on top of that it's BYOB. Oh, and top of that they have amazing specials. Oh, and top of that they sometimes give you lemon curd for free with your scone - just because they're nice like that. Haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet and I'm sure I will try everything on that menu by the end of the fall. The bacon bagel, pork debris benedict, and any scones are always a fan favorite with our group. 
Food Area Code: 888 (Food, Service, Ambiance)Had the Tartine Special Stuffed Baguette the other day. It was steak, bacon and cheese. They like to switch it up. I plan to come back and try them all! Bonus points for Crystal Hot Sauce.We were walking in Audubon Park and this place is just a couple blocks over so we decided to give it a shot. I was a little less thrilled with this place than other Yelpers seem to be, but overall it is a decent lunch spot. 
Ordering was a little congested with the configuration of things (trying to get a menu from next to the register while others were ordering) and then trying to stand out of the way while looking at the menu. They do have a nice little shaded outdoor seating area which I was happy about and a pretty good amount of tables inside as well. 
I had the tuna sandwich which was fine, but a little too much tuna or not enough other toppings as I couldn't really taste anything else, I also prefer a little toast on my bread with a tuna sandwich (or at least the option). My bf had the turkey stuffed baguette special and when I asked him if he liked it he said it was good bread, not anything overwhelming great. We both really liked the bean salad that came on the side. Everything seemed very fresh and the staff was friendly and worked quickly. 
Breakfast menu seemed more intriguing to me than the lunch menu so if I came back, I'd like to give breakfast a shot.Eggs baked in brioche,  everyone one here has reviewed it and it is as good as they say.
I've also had the pork tartine and it was delicious too.I can not emphasize enough how perfect this place is! A group of us originally went for breakfast but missed it by 30 mins "breakfast ends at 11am by the way" so we ate lunch there instead. It was fantastic! We all shared our dishes and they were all perfect, not one bad thing was served to us. I personally had a grilled steak sandwich and I couldn't get enough, the break was perfectly toasted and the favors were a heavenly combination of rich french favors. I would definitely recommend to everyone to try this place!Definitely the BEST place uptown (maybe even in the city) for an excellent breakfast and/or lunch in an amazing quaint atmosphere. All of their bread products are made in house (they're also a bakery) and everything is to die for! However my favorite is the breakfast tartine, which they'll serve to you until they run out!
Whether you're starving or just looking for something light, you honestly cannot go wrong. They're also quite reasonably priced for their quality and serving size. Plus their staff is phenomenally nice and helpful!This place is worth the wait in line.  I had to go here after reading reviews and everything looked so good that my daughter I ended up buying a small feast and carried it around San Francisco snacking and enjoying the sights.  I highly recommend it.Blissful - that's how I'm feeling after another wonderful brunch at Tartine's. Brunch at Tartine's has become a family tradition for our final morning in NOLA after visiting our son at Tulane. It makes a sad time enjoyable as we say our goodbyes over some of the best food in New Orleans. 
This morning my son had this steak dish with a Mexican flare - wish I could remember the name but it had a beautiful hunk of flank steak cooked perfectly with pico de gallo served with vegetable rice, smooth refried beans, and two eggs. Husband had a steak filled pastry with veggies, daughter had the French toast (could have used a bit more fruit to balance the very rich taste of the toast). By far, the best dish was the NOLA shrimp and grits served with eggs that my youngest son, a friend and I had. From the first bite of just the grits and gravy, I was in heaven!  The gravy was light, yet rich and slightly spicy. The grits were velvety and creamy. The shrimp cooked perfectly. I had mine with eggs over easy that when cut and mixed with the grits just made every bite better than the last. The serving was so large that my husband and oldest son each took some!
Tartine's, we love you!  Can't wait to return!I love this place. The ham ,Brie Tartine is amazing!I think we can all agree the food at Tartine is amazingly delicious. This review is for the King Cakes Tartine produced this Mardi Gras.  In my opinion, they belong on the list of the best King Cakes I've ever had, and definitely the best this year.  Move over Gambino's and Haydel's!HIdden gem, which is listed as a French bakery as of this review. It's really more of a small sandwich shop, but not a "slap it together" kind of sandwich. True care and excellent service abound. 
It's right next to Uptown Square, just off of Broadway. Hard to believe this is tucked away, but if it wasn't it'd probably be too crowded. Check it out! Great for breakfast too, so I'm told.
Steak sandwich was wonderful!This place is a little silly. Older, rich ladies seem to love it, though. I had the shrimp salad with seasonal veggies. It was like $14? A bit much in my opinion. It was pretty decent but had way too much going on. Like random ingredients all thrown together. My date had the steak sandwich which he said was alright, not great. He had coffee and I had a coke. I think our bill was like $35? Too much. But the fancy ladies don't seem to mind one bit.If it was only a little closer to where I was staying... but that would have been dangerous for my waistline and I guess that's part of the charm of this place.  The fresh baguettes with the Salmon Rillette and the baked eggs in brioche were delicious!  Wish we had a place that served this in San Francisco...  I guess I'll have to go back to NOLA!Obsessed. Almost don't want to review because I don't want it to get crowded. Everything is delicious. Go early before they run out!Holy moly ! Why had I not written a review for this place yet ?? My friend brought me here for breakfast one day and every time I return to Nola and come here they never disappoint .
The place is small and seating is limited inside but the food never disappoints ! The smell when you walk in just consumes you . 
The portions are huge that you can't even finish it ! 
Self serve for drinks which is a nice option . I really was impressed with this place . 
I've had the scones which were perfect and warm ! You can't go wrong with their scones !
Anything I mean anything on their menu is delicious .A pretty simple place, not much for decor, but the food is really great. Their fig mustard alone is worth the visit.Stop reading and just go. We just ate here for the first time & were literally giddy over every bite. The food is freaking incredible & very reasonably priced. I don't even understand how a place like this exists. I would give this place 6 stars if I could. 
We ordered: 
-Carrot soup (pure HEAVEN)
-Side garden salad (not just a salad... This thing is on a completely different level of delicious) 
-Ham tartine (the combo of perfectly warm and soft/crispy fresh bread+generous amount of Brie+ham+some divine fig mustard leaves me speechless) 
-Grilled veggie sandwich (I swear to you there must be a team of guys out back grilling these veggies. They have such a backyard smoky flavor & the sandwich is warm and saucy and amazing)
New favorite place to go for lunch and brunch. Cannot wait to come back!!!After eating had to check my GPS to see if I was in France. The baked eggs in brioche are amazing, as well as the scones with lemon curd. If you are missing French bistro food come here and travel back to the street bistros of France.Well I have now been to Tartine at least 5 times and it is just as good if not better than when I first visited. The rillettes sandwich is classic as are the bagel with bacon and fried eggs special served on weekends. But the highlight is the shrimp crepe, a Sunday special last week. (Check FB for menu specials.)The crepe is plenty full of perfectly cooked shrimp and is topped with a very light cream sauce which accents but doesn't overwhelm the dish.  It was accompanied last Sunday by a spinach salad beautifully dressed and a mound of soft scrambled eggs that Julia Child would have been proud of. I have also had the eggs baked in brioche which is also a tribute to classic French cuisine. 
The only reason this is not a 5 star establishment is the décor. The wall décor is fine but the tables and chairs look like they were bought at the Luther's BBQ liquidation sale. They are also in disrepair, read wobbly. New tables and chairs would alone be enough to rejuvenate the look and make the ambiance a match to the high caliber cuisine.If you're looking to take an afternoon trip to Paris, look no further than Tartine. My first experience at this little French breakfast and sandwich shop was nothing less than excellent. I ordered the "Ham Tartine" and the collection of flavors in each bite was unbelievable. The baguette was toasted to perfection; the ham was savory; the fig mustard was sweetly astounding. The cherry on the top of it all was the service. A graceful man named "Michael" was very helpful from the time I walked in until the moment I left. I highly recommend this petit café. C'est magnifique!We went to brunch at Tartine on Sunday and loved it!  The restaurant is very cute and smells like bread and melted cheese, heaven!  I tried the Nicoise salad and the house pate tartine and they were both excellent.  It's hard to find a really good vinaigrette, but their salad was spot on!  I would go back any time!I really want to like this place.  However, I must be honest.  The front door doesn't work.  There is no sign saying to go the the door on the side of the building.  I had to ring the doorbell to get inside.  I came for breakfast and ordered the quiche.  It was OK.  I had to send it back, as it was still ice cold in the center.  Apparently, it was cooked the day before, and wasn't reheated long enough.  Quite honestly, the quiches at La Madeline are much better, if served in the morning.  Perhaps their other offerings are better, based on Yelp reviews below.  No internet!  Lastly, I have been to Paris and Barcelona many times, and the quiches there were MUCH better!  Even the reheated ones!!!!  (And much more inexpensive.)Scone heaven. Fuffy in the middle, thin crunchy crust of sugar, crunchy edges, lovely flavor. Best is almond and cherry, but i will take what's available that day. Had never failed me. 
Ham and brie with fig mustard on house made french bread is inspired. The house salad has sublime dressing, cheese, anddried blueberrirs. Even the turkey sandwich has tasty, high quality ingredients delicious.  Pork rillette looks nasty,  but has rich,  moist flavor, with the cornichons adding the right bit of acidity. Found the quiche to be bland. 
King cake was voted the best by my officeFood is DELISH! My favorites are the tuna nicoise, pork rillette tartine and the french baguettes. And you can't go wrong with any of the desserts. I've used them for catering and it's been fresh and delicious. Friendly service. Relaxing atmosphere. And prices are very reasonable. Go get you some...Took me a while but, this was the best brunch ever! Soooooooo delicious. Was worried about portion sizes at first but was pleased to find it was quite filling and a well thought out balance of delicate and bold flavors. I had the corn beef hash with a over easy egg and andouilli sausage.I knew when I walked in I should have left. No one in the place. I guess if you are looking for Frenchish food with no flavor then you found it. Which maybe is how French food is supposed to be. Had the eggs and brioche and it was just ok. Didn't like the crispy dark brown outer shell for bread which is border burnt for me but inside was good. The eggs were not even seasoned it seemed. Just ok. Got a cappuccino and that was the worst one I've had in a while. Had good amount of foam but just as bad as a gas station machine to me. The place is small and looks better from the outside. Oh well.Best breakfast I've had while in New Orleans (possibly, ever)!! It's outside of the touristy part of town but well worth the trip! I had the brioche with poached eggs, cheese and ham baked inside, and it was SO SO GOOD!! My mouth is actually watering as I write this review. I would recommend this to anyone in a heartbeat!Absolutely LOVE this place!  I came here for the first time for breakfast, because my sis had a groupon.  Best decision of my life to wake up early for their food!  My sister got the famous ham and cheese in brioche, and it was just UNBELIEVABLE!  The brioche is just TO DIE FOR!  Just thinking about it is making me drool...and I can't have some now because they're not open at night...poop.  But I've also tried the pork rillette, and the quiche.  The pork rillette was good, but I could never choose that over the quiche.  The quiche was the best I've ever had, but I haven't tried many, so maybe that's not saying much.  I would hold the quiche up to par with the eggs in brioche if it was a bit less salty!  
Tartine is a very quaint and cute place for breakfast or brunch.  There's no doubt that I'll be coming back here when I get the chance!I arrived in this restaurant out of pure desperation. I was starving for anything anything..checked out the menu, the turkey caught my eye - I ordered. 
The smoked Turkey is prepared on a sweet french bread that is adorable. The flavor of the Turkey is delectable and prepared just right. If you like "schazzy" sandwiches, you would probably like this place. You will be reminded once you get the receipt! I did not rate it 5 stars, because $9.00 for a sandwich is hefty. 
This is a relatively new French Restaurant. It is very small but it is always crowded with patrons during lunch. There's also a patio for fabulous fall weather!Quaint little place right off Carrollton. They have an awesome bean salad served with each meal. The food is healthy and extremely tasty. Definitely going back.Tucked away a little behind Tulane undergrad, this cozy little French restaurant is right up my alley. On the outside, it's unassuming but a step in and you're greeted by a clean and rustic atmosphere. Unsure of what I wanted to order, I was kindly offered to split their pork Rillette and Pate tartines. To that I was elated because I loved both. The pork Rillette was tender and well seasoned on top of a nicely toasted pistolette. Not to be shown up, the Pate was lush and complemented beautifully with a tartness from the mustard. If you get the chance, I'd highly recommend checking out this place. Everything runs reasonably from $5-$15, so why not?Beware Tartine ( pronounced Tar-ten) if you still plan on prancing about in your swimsuit...this bakery and breakfast/lunch cafe poses a danger to your waistline. From the eponymous treat composed of fresh baked baguette, slab of brie, crock of butter and delicious jam to inventive and tasty salads and sandwiches not to mention housemade scones and pastries, it is best to keep a cardiologist on speed dial.It was a foodies delight
A small out of the way bistro that serves up wonderful treats MMMMMMMMMy favorite for New Orleans breakfast. Small, comfortable, delicious. Baked eggs in brioche and cappuccino this morning is better than anything I had in Paris!!Awesome fresh baked bread, brioche, bagels, pastries etc everyday.  Menu is terrific - lots of selection.  Pork rillette tartine is delicious. I get the ham and brie baguette (which is broiled enough to melt the cheese) at least once a week.  Salads and sides are awesome and the chocolate mousse the best I've had in a long time.My wife said it best when she remarked that this is a hidden gem,  it may not be hidden to locals but for us out of towners it was, but no longer.  You can get to it like we did on the #11 Magazine Street bus (fare only 40 cents if you're over 65 like we are), walk up an appetite in Audubon Park, stroll to Loyola, then back toward the bus stop via Broadway.   It's on Perrier St and coincidentally they serve Perrier water there.
We had the delicious Salmon Rillette sandwich and a shrimp salad.  Both were wonderful and filling.  Our only complaint?  Too much food!  ;)So impressed!!! We went to the farmers market just nearby and were looking for a lunch spot that we could walk to with our babies. I checked yelp and Tartine was closest so we went and we are SO glad we did! The entry has a few stairs but they weren't too difficult to navigate with strollers. So worth it!! I had the lunch special. It was just over $10 and was abundant! A delicious caramelized onion/gruyere/mushroom tart with a cup of cream of mushroom soup AND a bean salad that was outstanding! My friend had a lovely salad that was HUGE and delicious! I can't wait to go back!The menu is simple, but absolutely amazing. I had the tuna nicoise sandwich and it was layered with flavor and served on the most delicious homemade bread. My date had the smoked turkey sandwich- trust me, best turkey sandwich either of us had ever tasted. The food is cooked to order, but it is absolutely worth the wait. We cannot wait to return to New Orleans and eat here again!I had brunch ; the tuna nest sandwich and my lady had the salmon mystery dish. The food was ok-her food was better than mine. My sandwich was unique, but a bit salty... her food was really on point, DELICIOUS!
Please go by and try this place for your self.Simple, streamlined menu that in *no way* no detracts from the overall experience.  What they do, well, they do it well!  Quiche is fluffy, tasty and perfect for 2 folks to share.  Homemade bagels for around $1.50?  Yes!  Fresh baguettes for sale?  Yes!  Friendly people working in tiny a space?  Yes!  We've already been twice since we've been here and I foresee yet another trip in the very near future.  Highly recommend.I always love a great French cafe, and Tartine is no exception.  I enjoyed the onion and arugula quiche and my kids had amazing brioche grilled cheese. Cappuccino was yummy. Great lunch find after a morning at the zooThe baked eggs in brioche was the most amazing breakfast meal I've ever experienced.  The quality of ingredients and way it was perfectly prepared was amazing. 
I saw people having other menu items that also looked spectator, but the brioche was so yummy I'm not sure I could ever order anything different!  Oh, the coffee was also wonderful. 
This is a gourmet breakfast not a diner type experience. Don't miss this awesome dinning experience.Had the smoked house turkey sandwich which was very good. All ingredients were fresh including the bread. The staff was very nice and offered to substitute the corn salad that's given as a side for fresh fruit to my boyfriend who does not eat mayo.Byob...we brought a nice chard to compliment the beautifully simple open faced sandwiches. I ordered the Pork Rillette and I suggest you do the same.  A fresh baguette with pork, onion marmalade and cornichons. The ambience is very basic with an open kitchen and a small outdoor dining area. A neighborhood gem...Visited New Orleans with my girlfriend for a week and ate at several different restaurants and this was the only place we absolutely had to eat at twice. They do an amazing breakfast and lunch. The food is fresh, delicious and does not sit heavily. The atmosphere is simple and cozy, the staff was pleasant and patient. I would highly recommend Tartine to any tourists wanting simple french cuisine during their trip to NOLA.