I was honestly a little skeptical since there are very few options near the ferry dock.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  The service AND quality of the food were both EXCELLENT!  We tried the chef special pizza of the day and a couple of appetizers. Good wine and beer selection too.  Have a patio area in the back that was pretty chilled.  Note that they only open at 3pm ... we waited around for about 30 minutes for them to open and it was the right decision!I was disapointed because of the dry pizza. The mussels were soso. Beer wasn't cold enought. The music was okay and the place looks good.Steps away from the Algiers Point Ferry, warm enticing scents were floating down; basil, oregano and tomato. It made my wife long for something, something she couldn't place. A happy childhood, a home.
That love that came from Tavolino Pizza & Lounge, and was pizza shaped. So, go have a slice! It's circular, so there's enough to go around...
#tobiethefoodieWOW! We wanted to wait a week because had heard it was crazy busy.
Everything we had was so fresh and so taste. I can't wait to go back and try all the things we didn't get this first go around.Full disclosure: I am friends with the owner of this spot, but if anything, familiarity raised my expectations. All of them were thoroughly surpassed.
    Like me, the Porettos are hardcore Italophiles and they have managed to bring a genuine taste of Italy to Algiers Point. They did the remodel of the interior themselves and it is perfect. Warm, upcyled wood with artfully mounted old Italian food posters make for an inviting neighborhood spot I wish was in mine; my wife & I would be in for at least a drink once a week.
    My lovely wife and I went with a large group so we had the chance to taste quite a few items. The fried stuffed olives are addictive and the arancini are spot on: crispy but neither greasy nor leaden. The "dough knots" were excellent; much better than the garlic knots you normally find and the fonduta is heavenly.My arugula salad was an exact match for the countless ones I've enjoyed all over Italy: super-fresh, peppery arugula with a few shavings of reggiano parmaggiano, a squeeze of lemon and a drizzle of olive oil. That may not sound special, but when done well, this is the perfect starter before wading into tons of pizza...
...and after all, it's the pizza you need to know about. Well, it is great! Thin, crispy crust with a bit of char. I sampled the Margherita, the fungi and the gorgonzola dolce and all were delicious. I received good reviews of the carne and proscuitto brie. The bars (there are two) crank out some inventive and tasty cocktails and there are good wine & beer options.
    We will be more than happy to trek accross the bridge again very soon to enjoy the charm, hospitality and tasty eats at Tavolino soon!I was very excited about Tavolino opening on the Point. Unfortunately it wasn't so great.  We went about 5:30 and the music was so loud we couldn't have a conversation. We had a few Apps . Duck Pate was FANTASTIC!!  Stuffed olives ok. Fried risotto balls, NOT SO MUCH. The pizza was so salty . Couldn't figure out if it was the sauce, cheese or the crust. I am hoping they will work out the kinks and I will go back in a few weeks.Best neighborhood pizza tavern. Ride the ferry to the WestBank and check it out yourself. Get a prosciutto Brie pieFabulous place. Everything is perfect.  The ambience, food and service is great.  The pizza and drinks were so good. Best pizza in town in my opinion.  We will be coming back.We've ordered take out a couple of times and it's been very good. I have also ordered their cheese plates. I did so again tonight, and was disappointed in the quantity of what I received for the price. There were three extremely small pieces of cheese on the platter. last time we ordered, there were three large pieces of cheese on a platter. The inconsistency did bother me, and for the price we paid, unfortunately, this time I felt like I was ripped off. I wish that they would practice consistencyWe went last night and tried the "Ping" Olives and
the "Arancini San Mariano" tomato-basil risotto balls
OMG, y'all, if you haven't had them yet, your missing out, they are soooooo delicious 
We also had the "Carne Pizza" which by the way, is my favorite pizza nowHad heard about this place a few months ago and being the pizza addict that I am decided to give it a try. When we walked in the guy was really nice and gave us the option of sitting inside, by the bar, or outside. It was a beautiful night so we agreed on outside. I absolutely LOVE outdoor seating  when Nola weather becomes a little cool, but the outdoor area was kind of small and VERY quiet. He started wiping off the table and in that moment I asked him if we could sit by the bar(I'm just a loud person). He was fine with that, no attitude nothing! He seated us in the cutest bar area(they have a few tables or you can sit at the bar). We ended up ordering the watermelon salad which was to die for! So refreshing!! I highly recommend. The perfect flavors all just blended together. Then for pizza we chose the carne pizza. It was the perfect size if you're splitting it amongst 2 people. To me it was a bit on the salty side (I rarely eat salt) until I took off the pepperoni and the prosciutto. Next time I will get the margherita pizza. Overall the service was great! From walking in the door to our server this is a nice little hole in the wall. I will def be back to try happy hour!Hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time. I love the variety and the uniqueness of all the food. When I go to Old Point on Sundays at times, we always walk to the restaurant. There is no place like this in the city that I'm aware of. It's absolutely beyond delicious!We came to New Orleans to experience the Cajun life but never thought I would eat some pizza. We found this place when we got off the ferry. Please try the Carne, Fantasy Island or the Hangover pizza and don't forget to see Cari at the bar. She is awesome and friendly.The Pizza is delicious! The waiter/bartender Kari was the best. She's sweet, friendly and informative! We had the Carne, Fantasy Island & Hangover! Some of the best Pizza I've ever had. So fresh and delicious.Tavolino is the hidden gem on the Westbank! Get your butt on the ferry and get over here for some great food and great craft cocktails. 
The appetizers are great. Meat and cheese plates, which they offer excellent wine pairings for. Italian classics like arancini and ping olives. 
The pizza is good. Thin crust but not cracker crispy, house made sauce, and high quality meats & cheeses for toppings. Get the honey truffle goat cheese on the side to dip your crust edge in. You can thank me later. 
The cocktails are fun and change with the seasons. The bartenders are all friendly, knowledgeable, and know how to mix a drink! 
Like I said, get on the ferry and get over here! What are you waiting for!We are from NY staying at an airbnb in the area. We were nervous about stopping in. Why would we go to a pizza joint if we are from NY? On our last night we took a chance and were immediately impressed with how many people were here. They seated us outdoors and the ambiance was adorable. Our server Kari was awesome, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. Everything we had was delicious and fresh (and we are food snobs) The watermelon margarita was fresh, light and delicious. The risotto balls delicious and the knots that you can dip in both the truffle and oil sauce-holy moly!
PS. We never would have known this restaurant just opened only 3 weeks ago!Very solid pizza. Ping is nice. Spicy watermelon margarita is great. Cool atmosphere. They are working on ironing out some of the kinks, but no major issues. Staff is nice. Reasonable pricesSuch a yummy experience...after getting off the ferry we couldn't pass up the smell. We ordered the Carne pizza and it was delicious. My boyfriend had a rum and coke and I had a Strawberry mixed drink that was yummy. It's a pizza gem!In Agiers, Pizza Hut, and Domino's are your options.
Luckily, since we moved there, there has been Tavolino's.
We knew Susie from Pal's and Martine's lounge, and she even sponsored our softball team.
Knowing also that she and her husband had been to Italy a few times, we expected great things, as I am Italian and I have also been to Italy.
I am glad to report that Tavolino's doesn't disappoint.
The service is prompt and kind, the space is upbeat, and the music isn't so bad at all.
Susie when she's there which is very often, is glad to have a word with everybody, and has a smile every time. I suggest you don't waste your time with a plain pizza, (not that I've had one) unless you're allergic to everything, because the ingredients are fresh, and perfect.
Do yourself a favor & take a break from the typical NOLA fare.
Just remember to overtip these guys, because you're still gonna wanna go back when times are tight. Shit, they might even remember you & forgive a weak tip.THEE kindest most patient service. Food is ALWAYS FRESH! I love how they have the dough for the calzones ready and you can watch them make and add the fresh ingredients from the cooler fridge! An absolute favorite spot! AND there's a cozy eating area and a tv to watch the game while you wait! A++++++ I've even got my mom and gf hooked!Algiers One was there tonight for our monthly Meet and Eat 
As usual the food was delicious and our waiter did an outstanding job handling everything 
Thank You Tavolino's for everythingThis restaurant was such a cozy environment and a hidden gem! The staff was friendly, and willing to change your order to your liking. Tavolino was also gluten friendly- with a gluten-free pasta and pizza crust option. My group ordered the Fhungi pizza and the Odyssey pizza with gluten-free crusts. The Odyssey was my preferred choice- but both the pizzas were delicious and high quality! We will definitely visit again.OMG...from the appetizers to the pizzas to the gelato dessert it was all beyond good! Love the locale and eccentric interior too....We only had about 45 minutes until the last ferry ran so they were wonderful and got our two pizzas , two salads and knots out to us on time to enjoy. The watermelon caprese salad was to die for and pizza was delicious! Best of all was how nice and welcoming the staff was to us. Would recommend this to anyone that wants a true local food experience. Great way to end a trip to the Big Easy!I cannot recommend this place enough!  Tucked away in Algiers Point, this cozy restaurant offers some of the most delicious pizza.  While the menu is limited, everything is on point.  Kat was our waitress tonight, and she recommended the Gorgonzola pizza- an exquisite choice.  Get over there right now!This place is top notch. It's low key, very homey, and prices are great. The bar in the back is the best part, but we usually just go to sit at a table and eat. Everything I've had on the menu is excellent. It's also about 50 yds from the ferry, so we always go there when we're on the Westbank. Hands down the best establishment on the PointAlgiers One Meet and Eat dropped in last night unannounced with at least 30 people and while it was a surprise to the staff, they didn't blink an eye, they welcomed us in and never missed a beat, the food and service was awesome, it was my first time going there and we loved it,will definitely be going backfantastic food, great decor, & unpretentious vibe. 10/10, algiers needs more spots like this.Fantastic staff amazingly food, we had just arrived from Toronto with a big group and we were starving, we had pizza , pasta and deep fried olives.....all amazing .
Real southern hospitality.We (30 people) totally crashed this place without notice. Our food came out in a timely manner, the waitstaff was great, drinks were good and the pizza was awesome.This place has the best Italian style pizza! AND they make their own home-made limoncello! The vibe is fun and the staff is super friendly. I love the decor too with the old style Italian posters! They have an excellent selection of wine and I can't get enough of the Arugula salad too! The stuff "Ping" olives are a yummy starter! I highly recommend Tavolino and can't wait to return!The best spot in Algiers to chill. Great food, approachable Wine list and local craft beer!  Don't miss your chance to make some sweet memories at this spot!Awesome  food drink and service and very pet friendly! We will be back! The fungi pizza is very good and I highly recommend the deep fried olives.This food was good and the location is pretty awesome. The staff, although really trying to help, sometimes made too much work for themselves. 
I had the cheese plate, Margherita pizza and we shared plates with our friends as well. I had the watermelon cilantro margarita and it was not as tasty as I thought it would be. 
We had numerous staff ask us the same questions over and over again and it seemed as though they did not get our order right. We had what seemed like duplicates of items that were coming out and it made it kinda confusing. 
I'm betting that because it is still so new, they have kinks to work out, but the good was on point and I would definitely come back again.This is so much more than just a pizza joint, and is totally worth a trip across the river. The pizza is absolutely amazing (try the Brie and prosciutto). Full cocktail menu with amazing drinks. Excellent service. I've been here at least 12 times so I'm also going to say the high quality and awesome service is consistent, which is so important! Family friendly with a sectioned off adults-only bar area. A gem in Algiers Point. They have rotating fancy daiquiri for your ferry ride home. Last time I got a king cake daiquiri and it was soooo delicious!I was so excited to hear that a new place opened up on our side of the river that wasn't a chain restaurant. I've visited the place a few times now, and everything I've eaten has been delicious. But this last visit will be the reason we don't go here anymore. 
My husband went to pick up a pizza he'd ordered over the phone on a night before a hard freeze, and walked in with his hood up to keep his head warm--it was cold!--and was greeted with a loud and hostile "What do you want?!" by the person at the front. As if he had come in there to rob them or start trouble and was putting as many people on alert as possible. Didn't ask "how can I help you?" or "table for 1?" as they have the times I've gone without him. They remained hostile until he paid and left.
Listen, folks can spend their money however they'd like to, and like I said, I enjoyed the food. So it makes really frustrating to live in Algiers, with few food options to begin with, to then have to cross off a restaurant from my list of go-to places because an employee couldn't check their preconceptions at the door. There are some black men who live in Algiers, who like to eat pizza, and like to stay warm when it's below freezing. So...moving on.All I saw when me and my bf came was a rude lady who could not do her job as a host properly. She was not professional enough to even recognize a legal ID !!! Stay far away!! Horrible hospitality. Not tourist friendly at all!!! . It's just a pizza place not a club!!! All we wanted was to have a slice of pizza while we waited for the ferry. We will take our business somewhere else more tourist friendly!!!Consistently delicious, friendly bartenders (we always sit at the bar) and great service. Added bonus, a short walk from home. When we have the funds for a nice dinner out, this is our first choice.What a gem! We crossed the river for date night to spend some times in Algiers Point. This place is tucked away on the levee just as you get off the ferry. 
Friday around 730 the dining room was full, but we found a great table in the bar area in the back (21+). Juan was the super nice bartender who took care of us. We enjoyed the Ferry's Companion daiquiri of the day. It was blueberry and cucumber and was perfectly refreshing for a hot summer evening! 
On Juan's recommendation we shared the Red Goat pizza... hot coppa, goat cheese, garlic, red peppers. Delicious! I cannot imagine going wrong with any of the pizzas after trying this. The 13" pizza was good for sharing between 2 as it was full of fresh ingredients on a light and flaky thin crust. We also started with the dough knot appetizer with the goat cheese honey dipping sauce. It was almost like a dessert, very good! 
After finishing up, we were perfectly positioned to catch the sunset on the levee and walk around to take in the historical neighborhood of Algiers Point!Awsome food, great ambiance.  The pizza is amazing.   Homemade crust and fresh toppings to die for.   The stuffed olives were a fantastic surprise,  you must try them.  The Pate was some of the best I have ever had.  Get out of the touristy areas and try this wonderful restaurant, you will love it!I fell in love with this little gem, we were kinda just killing time today (damn I seem to do that a lot) anyhoooo, we hopped on the ferry just to walk around and ran into a group who told us to check it out. I'm so glad we did, from the moment we walked in the waitresses were all smiles. Gave us a little history of the place, a quick tour and told us to sit wherever we liked. My eyes went to this weird lime green daiquiri churning behind the bar and was informed that it was called the Ferry Companion (how cute is that) and this months flavor was Jalape単o Pi単a Colada... now I'm like "WTF, who put jalape単os and Pe単a Coladas together, these people are weird and I'm leaving"... the waitress saw my face and laughed and let me try it. It was fantastic!!!  
Now to the pizza!! JUST BUY IT!!! We had a basic pepperoni and we killed the whole thing, screw you carbs!!Pizza was very good and reasonably priced. Friendly staff. Short walk from our Algiers Point Airbnb. Clean restaurant. Opens at 3, so dinner only.Great service! I went by myself on a Friday evening for "happy hour" and they made me feel very special! Best bartender and the pizza was literally the best I've ate in the Westbank and I have a kin for good food on my tongue, I have a family full of chefs (literally)! I'll definitely be back!!! May become a regular!Had seen the sign a few times when going to the ferry recently and told my wife we should try it.  Well tonight was the night! Was a delicious meal...gorgonzola stuffed, fried green olives, the Carne pizza (pepperoni, prosciutto, and sausage) and the Chocolate tart and Pistachio  cheesecake for dessert!  The reason for the 4 stars was the chocolate tart wasn't  at all what Ithought it would be.  Don't get me wrong, someone may love the thing but I like my chocolate...well, chocolatey (call me crazy)! The cheesecake was divine.  Glad we stopped will definitely be back to try the rest of the menuIf you're in New Orleans and get a chance to hop on the $2 ferry, please do yourself a favor and visit this hidden gem. It's stationed right next to a cafe that's about a one minute walk from the port. It's a tiny mom and pop style restaurant that packs big city flavors. And the service is great. And the prices are low which is always a bounVisiting Algiers from out of town and everything was amazing. Seated on the patio outside we had a great table under the sun but still shaded if we wanted. The pizza was definitely some of the best I've had in a while, the crust was so thin and the cheese/topping ration was perfect. They even sent out a free app because we had to wait a little longer between courses, which was also a plus. Would recommend to anybody coming to the area.Tavolino is awesome. I have had similar style pizza In California but what really makes this place cool is the atmosphere. The employees are so relaxed and friendly. The pizza is amazing. I think their pasta dishes could be bigger for the price but other than that, it's a great restaurant.Delicious! We stopped by here and had the goat cheese honey truffle dip with rolls and two pizzas (red goat and odyssey). I'd get both again. Plus our waitress, Kari, was super helpful. We chatted and she told us all of the great things to do in the neighborhood and for Mardi Gras!Casual atmosphere with indoor, outdoor and bar seating.  Amazing pizzas and cannolis! Only thing better is the friendly staff!Decided it was worth coming to upgrade form a 4 to a 5 rating. My first review was probably 1 month into them opening so kinks were still being worked out. We probably order from here once a week now. SO good! The Fungi, Red Goat and Fantasy Island are our favorite pizzas. Also their Caesar dressing is hands down the best I have ever had!After riding the ferry back from French Quarter Festival, we stopped by Tavolino. The place is so cute, and exactly what I picture when I think of a small neighborhood joint. There's a little sectioned off bar in the back, and a nice outdoor area out back. We didn't drink here this time, so I can't really speak to anything related.
We ordered the Caesar salad and the Carne pizza. The salad was slightly dry, but that's nothing a little extra dressing wouldn't have fixed. It was delicious either way. Now for the main event...the Carne pizza was amazing. It has pepperoni, prosciutto, and sausage, and it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The flavors went together so perfectly, and the crust was perfect - not too crispy, but not soggy.
I can't wait to come back again and try, well...everything else hahaThis place is amazing!!! Very unique cocktails and menu. You'll definitely love anything you order. All the employees are super friendly too!Great pizza and very reasonably priced. They are very COVID conscious. The Margarita is amazing110% worth the drive to Algier's Point. The area around the restaurant has great views and a couple of nice bars. The restaurant itself check every box, great food (get the cacio e pepe and margherita pizza), the cocktail menu is extensive with great signature cocktails and the price point is very fairFriendly staff despite that we were bummed they were out of pizza at 9 pm. The pasta primavera was good - veggies were cooked just right but wish they had offered the option to throw some chicken in there.Some of the best pizza I've eaten in the New Orleans area in 35 years. Impressed with their arancini and the service is always friendly & accommodating. Never had a bad meal 
Arugula Salad
Arancini San Marzano
Fonduta
Margherita Pizza
Prosciutto Brie Pie
RisottoGave it 4 star because it is new and working through some kinks and I am happy to have a new restaurant in the hood. Stuffed risotto balls needed less risotto more mozzarella but we liked the fried outside consistence. The pizza had a great yummy thin crust but was a little salty for our taste (we had the meat lovers and I think maybe the meat was what was so salty). Some additional salad/ vegetable options would be nice to add to the menu but I think its still working on a limited menu.  Overall an okay first experience but we will definitely be back to try more!The pizza at this Algiers Point gem is one of the best I've ever had. It reminds me of the oven fired pizza I had as a child in Sicily. The crust is delicious and flaky and the toppings are premium. There aren't many places you can get prosciutto on pizza and the emphasis on quality is certainly noticed! They may seem smaller that your usual takeout pizzas but trust me when I say that the quality ingredients make them so filling. They have limited operation times due to the pandemic, so we thoroughly look forward to ordering during the window of opportunity. Right now we are averaging a trip per week to get their pizza and I don't feel the least bit guilty about it. It's that goodTried to order via Postmates app and was sent a message that my order was refused. Been living in Algiers all my life and try to be supportive of local businesses but when they turn my order down I must go elsewhere. Also you advertise that I can order on waiter and that is not truthful. Just very disappointed that I can't get what was one of my favorites without a hassle...Decided to try it today. A Saturday. No hours or menu online, so I figured that by 1 pm they would be open. No! Some Vague signs out side. The entrance is actually a Barber shop entrance. A Lady showed up as I was lookiing at the menu(again ,no hours of operation shown) I asked her the hours as she was opening the door. She replied in an obnoxious manner that the hours were on a chalkboard 15 feet away. that was very obscure. I guess 3 p.m.
So I guess I and all my friends will not ever go here.Really great experience.   Happy to have this quality available without needing to go into New Orleans!OMG - this place is fantastic. We ordered a couple of appetizers. The bread knots were my favorite. All 4 of us ordered entrees and shared. All were excellent. The pizza is thin and really good. Loved the crabmeat pasta. Dessert is ordered and on its way but I am sure it will be great. The service was outstanding. Ashley did a fantastic job. There is a nice outside patio in the back that was great on one of the rare nice nights in NOLA. Really important to support this area. The ferries are not running right now.  So the area is suffering. Don't let this place slip away because of the incompetence of the RTA!!This is a combined review. First time me, my wife and son went and ordered the ceasar salid, carne pizza and margherita pizza. Salad was solid, wife thought the carne was a little salty but given the meats that's to be expected and me and my son enjoyed it. We all loved the margherita though I'd like a little more char to the crust. Drinks were on point, and everyone was super friendly and over all I'd rate a 4-4.5.
One week later we ordered via waitr, ordered a margherita,  pepperoni and the red goat. The pepperoni was a little disappointing with only 7 slices of pepperoni but was still good. The margherita was a different story, I think we got a cheese pizza? No basil what so ever and the cheese seemed different than last time. The Red Goat was good (and had the perfect char to the crust) but the toppings were not distributed very well. Some pieces had no goat cheese at all but when you had a piece all the ingredients it was really good. I never had a honey drizzle on a pizza before but it went amazing with the flavors. This place has a lot of potential, hopefully they will iron out the kinks.This is my favorite new restaurant. Best pizza in Nola and amazing drinks. Walked in Saturday night after taking the ferry downtown. Had fantasy island and Gorgonzola olive pizza...yummy! 
Can't wait to go back and try the fried olives!We've been twice over the past two weeks since this awesome little spot in our neighborhood opened. Everything we've sampled so far (arancini san marzano, nodi di  pasto, funghi, margherita) has inspired total fat kid moments of food ecstasy. So thrilled this is nearbySuper cute neighborhood pizza place... The first time I went I met my friends late and decided to just order a drink. I was pleased with the cocktail selection and the bartending skills. 
Fast forward to last week and I finally got to eat their delicious food! I had a Caesar salad which was a solid version. And then I had the cacio e pepe pasta which was DELICIOUS, but I wouldn't really call it cacio e pepe since that's a much simpler dish. The crabmeat on it was fantastic though. My friend had the fungi pizza which she shared with me and it was delicious too. They did warn us that they were out of buratta for the evening but subbed in mozzarella instead on my friend's salad.
While she had dirty martinis, I had the Drunk Roy... that's not the name but it was essentially a Roy Rogers with Bourbon. It was really sweet which isn't usually my style but really drinkable. 
Service was great and the space is homey. I'll definitely be back.This West Bank pizzeria near the Algiers Point Ferry opens at 3 PM everyday, oddly enough. I might have visited sooner if it were open for lunch. When I did drop in, it was for a carryout order that was ready when they arrived (I always do appreciate when places that do online ordering don't act surprised when someone actually uses it).
The arancini, fried rice balls with cheese inside, were the best thing I got; the pizza was a bit disappointing by comparison. The arancini had a nice tomato flavor, and moreso with the accompanying sauce. They weren't cheap, but they were huge, delicious, and came with a handful of arugula that I just dumped on my pizza (just as well I didn't pay for that as a topping!). The pizza crust was pretty bland, there wasn't nearly enough of that fresh-tasting tomato sauce, and the cheese and basil didn't really jump out at me. I found it less flavorful than the margherita at Reginelli's, let alone Pizza Delicious.
Their menu is pretty limited to bread and cheese stuff. The place has a nice lounge atmosphere and location, and it was good enough that I could see trying a more interesting specialty pizza someday, but not good enough to dissuade me from my East Bank pizza.I mean it ranks high with me on location alone! Hello new neighborhood restaurant I plan to frequent. About 7 on Friday night we were able to get a table for two in the back bar area. This place is narrow, tables up front, some in between, and a back bar with some tables that is 21 and up. 
Got the Ping, fried stuffed olives, get these! Dip them in the aioli. The Chicken Liver Pate' also delicious. Served with pickles, mustard, jelly, and toast points.    The margarita pizza was nice, I'd like more sauce, but that's just me. The cocktails are great! The house daiquiri is a perfect cure for this heat. 
The servers admit they are still trying to figure it all out. But hey, this was only week one! The atmosphere is cool and the food delicious. Much needed addition to the Point!This is a nifty joint on the Wank that I would probably enjoy more as a bar than an eatery.  The pizza here is alright with the Odyssey pizza being decent but there are just much better options to my palate so I probably wouldn't spend money to eat the pizza here again and the Margherita pizza is especially in need of improvement.  If you are on the East Bank and feel like something a bit different hop on the ferry and come on over to try this joint out.This place is so cute, if a little hard to find (go in the double doors, even though it seems like you're going into a barber shop, and turn right). Pizza was average, dough knots were a little dry, but the cocktails, oh my god the cocktails! I've made it my goal by the end of the summer to try them all. The daiquiri du jour was so refreshing, sweet but not too sweet, and even served with a tiny umbrellaFood is great. Service is terrible and they nickel and dime you. I had to pay for a sauce that should have come with my fried olives. And may I sit outside and drink out of a real wine glass??? Best pizza I have ever had. Worth the ferry trip.Excellent pizza!!! We ordered the Funghi Pizza
Mushroom fonduta sauce, fresh mushrooms, fontina cheese, truffle oil, arugula. Soooo good!!! 
Will definitely order from again before leaving New OrleansWe ordered the Margarita pizza here. It had hardly any sauce and cheese on the pizza and was extremely dry. I will not be going back. New Orleans is famous for there food and this is unusually for New Orleans food. Short hand on service as well.So unexpected, so perfect. When we planned our Air B&b in the Algiers Point neighborhood we had no idea what would be around for drinks and food. Luckily it wasn't hard to find our first stop. On our way to the ferry to check out what this city has to offer we felt obligated to stop into this quaint spot to grab a drink to get things rolling. The drinks are immaculate. Even after 2 days of extensive bar hopping all over town, Tavolino has still been the best cocktail experience of the trip. The staff are down to earth, knowledgeable, engaging and just down right fun to be around. We've already been here 4 times and we plan to stop back everyday before we leave. Shoutout to Juan who whips up some of the best orange sashimi in town!This is the place in the neighborhood, to eat. It doesn't  look like much from the outside, but in typical row house fashion the place goes back from dining, to bar, to patio. The service was with a smile and friendly. The pizza was salty but it was a meat eater- and pepperoni chips are probably the creation sponsored by both beer and Tums antacids- so buyer beware.  Great little spot.My favorite Italian place... Such great attention to detail and the design work is amazing... Not to be missedGet yourself on the ferry and get to Tavolino! Maybe this is just sheer excitement talking because Tavolino is just a few blocks away from me in my very own neighborhood, but it's a great addition to the neighborhood. The pizzas are amazing. (Fact: at our bring your own pizza Game of Thrones watch party event, the Fungi pizza from Tavolino was by far the crowd favorite!) 
But here's the real deal: Do you know about ping? Ping are stuffed, deep fried olives, and they're the star of the appetizer menu at Tavolino. Don't miss them, you'll be sorry.
Time to take the ferry to the East Bank? Grab a frozen cocktail (The Ferry Companion) for the road!I was extremely sad when, last year, I found out that Vine & Dine in Algiers Point was closing up shop.  It was one of my favorite spots to hang-out and unwind after a long work week over pizza and wine.  The pieces of my little pie-lovin' heart are now on the mend as Tavolino takes over their space.
Since this is a restaurant that is more focused on food, rather than a wine bar, the space that formerly displayed bottles of vino has been utilized as a seating area, so there is now more room for diners.  The interior decor has been completely redone to give the space a lighter, brighter feel.  
As the staff continues to settle into their groove, the service continues to improve.  It has never been bad, but during my first visit there were definitely some opening jitters.  Still, the waiters have been super helpful, even if they have had to defer to other staffers for help regarding wine pairing suggestions and such.  The food has always arrived within a timely manner, even on nights when the dining room is poppin'.
So, about the food...Tavolino's menu is similar to that of it's predecessor.  The appetizer standout for me is the cheese plate.  They serve super generous portions of three varieties of cheese along with crostini, sweet gherkins and a strawberry basil jam that is so delicious that I would really love to have a jar of to take home with me.  I have also had the charcuterie plate, with comes with the same accoutrements, but the meats a less impressive, sliced too thick for my liking.  
What you're really coming here for is the pizza.  My favorites so far are the prosciutto brie and the fungi.  I don't mind the thickly sliced prosciutto here; it works really well as a pizza topping. I wouldn't think that brie would taste good with a red pizza sauce, but it's really quite tasty.  The fungi is the perfect pizza for mushroom and truffle lovers, and the drizzle of truffle-infused oil on top takes it to a whole other level.  Both pizzas are topped with fresh arugula.
While Vine & Dine will always hold a place in my heart (and stomach), Tavolino is filling the void nicely.  I anticipate the place getting better and better, and it will for sure be included in my rotation of Friday night spots to unwind the work week away.We were looking for something more low key from the hustle and bustle on the other side of the river and found this gem!  We had awesome service and great food!  Be sure to use the free photo booth in the juke box!  
We are actually going back tonight before we leave.Food: We tried the Carne and Mr Green Jeans. The Carne was a pepperoni, sausage and prosciutto pizza which was extremely tasty; pretty light on the sausage though. I liked the Mr Green Jeans a lot which was a veggie pizza in a creamy white sauce. The dough knots we ate for an appetizer weren't anything special, but the chocolate torte we had for dinner was rich and savory. 
Venue: This is the cutest little pizza lounge located right by the ferry in Algiers Point. There's some inside seating, a little bar area and an outside patio. We sat outside which was beautiful, but if you're bug prone, I'd avoid this at dusk since the mosquitos were out in full force.