They opened during Mardi Gras - yep, crazy - but are a great new addition to the neighorhood.  Their "deep dish" pizza is true Chicago style, consistent with the location out in Metairie which is one of the few places outside of Chicago that I have ever had true Chicago style pizza.  On an initial visit to the new location of That's Amore on St. Charles they were able to make a custom pie for me before the crowds got too big and it was really good with a nice spicy tomato sauce on top and crumbled sausage so you get a little in every bite (though the crust was a bit too thick which led it to be undercooked and yeasty which my wife disliked).  On a subsequent visit I tried a slice of wood fired pepperoni pizza which was better than the most recent incarnation of Dolce Vita.  It doesn't sound like they'll be doing true "Neopolitan" pizza but they've got a great wood fired oven that they inherited from the old Dolce Vita business at this location and they're doing a nice thin crust option - not New York Style like their location in Metairie and not Neopolitan style but just a great thin crust wood fired pizza.
If you can do a good job during a Mardi Gras opening, I'm confident this place will be rock solid once they get some sleep.  :)   The owner is high energy and personable and it's unquestionably one of the few places outside of Chicago that you'll be able to get a true Chicago style pie.  Already about as good as it gets.The food is amazing!! And the 3 men that worked there are great. I recommend everybody to stop by at least one time. The food will blow you away!!!Chicago Style Meat Lovers: best pizza I've ever had in my life, hands down....and I've had pizza in Italy.I've eaten this pizza several times, and I don't think I will again. 
Most recently, I ordered a Margherita pizza via delivery, and it had regular mozzarella and a tiny bit of fresh, which tasted very odd and not good. The Chicago style is dense beyond all reason, too dense in fact, so as it grows cold it tastes like a whole mess of stuff rather than pizza. 
They're nice people, but not very skilled at making pizza.Really really solid Chicago style pizza. Best Chicago style pizza outside of Chicago. Really nice employees too! I highly recommend to anyone that enjoys Chicago pizza. I will return many more times! Absolutely!!Best pizza I have had since the last pizza I had in Chicago. Go there; you will not regret it. Whomever in NOLA thinks there is a better deep-dish is sadly mistaken.We were looking for a nice break from Cajun food and we found it. Wonderful food and friendly service is just a short trolley or Uber ride from the French quarter. The fried cheese ravioli was good but the Chicago style pizza was better and pretty close to being as good as authentic Giordano's or Lou Malnatis in Chicago. 
Highly recommend it.Delicious food, terrible service. Order to go and save yourself a tip. Thanks to the terribly slow server, we missed the trolley. She was too busy talking to the people at the bar to worry about refilling our drinks, getting us a to go box, or to take our payment. My husband had to walk to the bar to pay, because the blonde lady server couldn't be bothered. Will always save my tip and order to go!!The pizza was delicious and those cheese raviolis are a "popular item" for a reason.  They were phenomenal!!!
I was pleasantly surprised to learn that beer & wine is 1/2 off during football games.
Who Dat!!!If you are looking for good pizza (shall I say real pizza?), look no further! As someone who was born in Chicago and is a deep-dish aficionado, THIS IS IT! I am very picky about "deep dish pizza", especially in New Orleans, but this is very true to a real Chicago deep dish pizza. We called ahead and placed an order for a deep dish cheese pizza and didn't have a very long wait when we dined in. We met the manager/owner and told him we were from Chicago and he was very personable and warm and welcoming. The interior of the restaurant feels like a typical pizza place but the pizza and service set this place apart from any pizzeria in New Orleans or the surrounding area. Just try it out, you won't regret it! 
THE PIZZA THAT EATS LIKE A MEAL! Do not bother with any other pizza in New Orleans if you are looking for good pizza. I was disappointed for years until I found this place. The cheese, the marinara, the crust... YUM!!! I have been spreading the word and will continue to do so! Thank you for bringing sorely needed good pizza to New Orleans!The Chicago Pizza is the real deal and is the best on town. The wood fire pizza is unique and very good. The rest of their food is mediocre. But when it comes to Pizza, this is the best on town.I love pizza and when I saw that this place had Chicago deep dish, I was in. I had never had deep dish before, but the pictures had me sold.
We stopped in on a late Saturday afternoon and lucky us, it was happy hour. Happy hour means $3 draft beer and half off of apps. Sweet! They have a nice selection of local beers and we got an order of mozzarella sticks, just to start us off.
Now, the deep dish pizza takes 45 minutes to cook, so keep that in mind when you are visiting. We got the supreme deep dish which is pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, onions, and black olives all layered into cheesy goodness. I can't even describe how good this was. There was cheese galore and layer after layer of meat and sauce. The crust was perfection and the whole thing was unlike anything I had ever had. We got the 7" pie and that was more than enough for two people and we even had leftovers.
The food was good and service was friendly. and I will definitely be back, especially for happy hour.Nothing like Yelp being wrong on their hours of operation. Ubered from hotel just to find out it doesn't open for 2 more hours. Waste of my $$$.Excellent customer service and the closest I can grt my hands on Chicago style pizza without actually being back home in Chi-town! Come check them out!!!I'm from Chicago and this pizza was very good. If they want to claim it's real Chicago the need to cut it in squares!!I'm glad a new location of this Italian joint has opened near my house.  I have eaten at the Metairie location a few times but for lunch the Chicago Deep Dish was a bit challenging as it takes around 40 minutes to cook and then it is so huge that you always have some leftovers to deal with. The Chicago Deep Dish is completely delicious and is the best deep dish pizza I have even eaten and the only pizza I have been defeated by and unable to finish in one sitting.  They also have thin crust pizzas here but I have not yet had the opportunity to sample those yet as the deep dish is so great it is hard to deviate from.  They also have some delicious sounding pastas on the menu that also peak my interest.  The service is extremely attentive and on my last visit they provided really great service.  The ambiance is still the same of the former pizza place but it has a decent bar and they have a really great pizza oven in this place and this is certainly a HUGE upgrade from the previous pizza place that was in this space.
I think not many people even know this place has opened here as I didn't even learn about it until I saw a GroupOn for it.  They also have some lunch specials where you can get a slice of the thin crust or Chicago Deep Dish already prepared so that is a good upgrade from the Metairie location for those of us in a hurry to have to get back to work on the weekdays.  They have some really great food here so I would suggest you hurry up and eat here ASAP.
Pro Tip:  If you are getting the Chicago Deep Dish call ahead and put your order in as it takes around 40 minutes to cook.Terrific service, great atmosphere, and THE BEST Chicago style pizza in New Orleans! I'm a Chicago native, born and raised. I moved here 2.5 yrs ago to be with my fiancé, who was born and raised in New Orleans. While New Orleans is a city of amazing food (I swear I gained 15lbs after moving here), I became homesick for my favorite comfort food, pizza. 
There's a lot of great New York style pizza in the New Orleans area, but it was so hard to find the perfect deep dish that I had grown up loving...that is until I discovered That's Amore. I'm so happy this location is close to us! But if worse came to worse, the trip to Metairie would definitely be worth it for the pizza. :)So we came from Slidell to the St. Charles location to try our first Chicago Style pizza.  We got the 14" veggie lovers and it was AWESOME!  We called ahead because I saw it takes 45 minutes to cook one of those monsters.  Loaded with veggies, feeds 4 people easy.   Since there were just 2 of us, I can verify it's just as good the next day.  Service and atmosphere was good.  Worth the drive.Great food. Great service. The menu was full of yummy selections. We got the cheese ravioli appetizer - great, kids pizza - great, deep dish meat lovers - great! Awesome place.I just had a really satisfying family lunch at That's Amore. 
I read lots of reviews before my visit, so I was prepared and ordered our deep dish pizza before we left the house.  Good move - and thanks fellow yelpers.  We parked on the side street and walked right in.  
We were greeted very warmly by our server, who seated us right away.  We ordered our drinks, breadsticks and a wood fired pizza.
Our drinks were delivered quickly and then came our breadsticks.  They were pretty good.  My daughter likes her breadsticks a little less crunchy on the outside, but my husband likes them the way they came.  Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The marinara for dipping was thick and a little sweet. Overall, they were a big hit.  I enjoyed them.
Next our wood fired pizza arrived.  It was piping hot, and y'all, the pepperoni!!  It was something different.  I really loved that pepperoni!
The crust was perfect - not to soft, not too crunchy, but the perfect thickness, and the cheese was nice and bubbly.  The sauce was a little thin for my taste, and not as sweet as I'd like it.  All in all, though, a good pie.
I was waiting anxiously for that deep dish.  I don't know if anyone remembers the Deli from years gone by.  It was very near Lee Circle, right off St. Charles and they served an amazing deep dish pizza. I was imagining something very similar.  This was very close, but was it's own, if you know what I mean.  It was something to see.  My daughter actually looked a little confused, and was hesitant to try it.  Once she did though, she was a fan.  It had a crunchy, high sided crust, sweet, thick, rich sauce and yummy, gooey, chewy cheese inside.  I loved it.
We took a family poll after lunch and determined that my daughter and I would go back for another deep dish, and my husband was digging the wood fired.
I have to tell you all again how warm our server was.  He checked on us often, we never wanted for drink refills, and  I felt like we were hanging out with an old friend.  
What a great spot for a family lunch!Dayum Good Pizza Spot! First time having Chicago
Deep Dish Pizza but I'll be back! Didn't expect much but I was really Impressed!Excellent all day bloody Mary's, super friendly staff, and gat damn that marinara sauce!!I love this place.  It's casual and the pizzas are consistently great.  Their happy hour is really nice, too, with half price appetizers.  That stuffed artichoke!Loved it!!! Authentic and the best red gravy I've had in years!! I'll go back anytime!i dunno. my husband says it's the best deep dish pizza that he has ever had. i didn't like my veggie thin crust because of the spices but he said his was just like a slice of lasagna baked inside of a pizza crust and he said he could eat it for days. ambiance not really special but clean and that's about it.Please visit this place before they close. It has great pizza that tastes like Chicago pizza. I heard they were about to close down. Please support ASAP. 
It is really a good location near the interstate and the deep dish is soooo good. 
Will try to go back soon.Visiting from Fl! The best pizza and wings! Worth the 45 min wait for deep dish pizza. The nicest owners who are also waiting tables as well.I was craving Chicago style pizza today and horribly disappointed after ordering from here. The pizza LOOKED so good, but it was just lacking all around in flavor. Chicago is one of my favorite cities, and the pizza is the best part! This pizza lacked flavor. The tomato sauce tasted too strong and WAY too tangy, the cheese was too thick, and the crust was incredibly lackluster. The best part of good Chicago style pizza is supposed to be flaky, buttery crust and this tasted crunchy but bland.
It's a shame that it was so bland because some really good Chicago style pizza would be a hit in this city.My boyfriend is from Chicago and was excited to take me to get deep dish. To start the fried ravioli appetizer was really good. And the service was great. I got a personal deep dish that was pretty good but the sauce was a little sweet to my liking. My boyfriend bot the bigger make your own deep dish. He was disappointed that in came in a rectangular shape instead of a normal pie. Also it was suuuper soggy. Alas we each ate a piece and asked for it to go. Here's the kicker. Thier pizza boxes only accommodate flat pizzas. Wtf? For a place that boasts deep dish? Um ok. 3/10 wont be back. Also way over priced.First impressions were a sticky table and cold silent and empty restaurant.  Some music would be good.  Not loud but anything at all would have been welcome. We said something before we left and he said they forgot but it never went on in the minutes that followed.
My wife and I drove separately because she was in a hurry and I wanted to try their deep dish.  I'm from Chicago originally and miss it occasionally.  She ordered the wood oven fired pizza so that she could get going.  Strangely, 10 minutes after we ordered that one, the staff asked us for clarification on it.  Probably wouldn't go if you're in a hurry.  There was no one else in the restaurant.  Actually, there was one other table and he got his pizza before my wife and she ordered first.  
This isn't traditional wood fired.  It's thicker and has that Chicago cracker crust.  So, a hybrid.  It's not cut in squares either.  It had a little too much cheese for me but had that nice herby Chicago thing going for it.  It's ok.
I ordered a small deep dish with spinach and mushrooms.  The pictures on Yelp show it deeply baked and mine came out much paler to my disappointment.  Sure enough, I felt like it was a little doughy.  I like the sauce enough, thought there could be a little more spinach and mushrooms.  It's ok.   I'm not going to be running back here.Wish I could rate less than one star!! So disappointing-- don't know how this place has a 4 star average. Pizza was extremely soggy, toppings were low quality/overly greasy, and took forever for food to come out despite only 2 other tables being filled. Another table left after taking one bite, saying they waited too long and their pizza came out raw. Nice servers, but GO ANYWHERE ELSE TO EAT. Worst pizza I've had in my life. Would not go back here if it was the last food on earth.I had high hopes of enjoying a delicious Chicago deep dish pizza and this is one of the only places to get one. This is my second time ordering from this location but my first time was at the Metairie location. My second trip here was to pick up pizza for my daughter's birthday party. Chicago style pizza is expensive compared to other pizzas but they are worth it because they are so filling. Usually. 
I was pretty disappointed on my second trip here because our pizza was mostly sauce. I know they have a lot of sauce already, but this preparation was very inconsistent with the my other two experiences ordering from this restaurant. There was so much sauce, and so little of other ingredients, that we had to add our own ingredients and reheat before eating. That's after we scraped a good bit of the sauce out. I had to search thoroughly to even locate the pepperonis that were supposed to be put on there. 
The first time I ordered from this location, there was a huge amount of cheese at the bottom. I thought it was a little overboard, but who doesn't love cheese!
I was a little disappointed to learn that the St Charles location doesn't offer the same frosty mugs of beer as the Metairie location, and they are almost twice the price. However, I'd gladly sacrifice a delicious beer so that I get a semi consistent pizza. 
I'll most likely be returning because of the convenience of location, but in my mind I'll probably be wishing I would have driven the extra few miles to the Metairie location.Wonderful authentic Chicago Style pizza!  I recommend the meat lovers!  The sauce is absolutely delicious!  You will not be disappointed!  Friendly staff as well!Avoid!! Not authentic at all. The oven wasn't fired up after they were open over an hour. The pizza came out missing ingredients and undercooked. As a chef, I was extremely disappointed. We even left without eating. Unfortunate experience for sure.I had a Groupon for here so ordered a deep dish pizza for the kids at the hotel.
It was great we loved it we have never had one before and loved the taste. Great little place!Great deep dish pizza highly recommend for dinner 
Service was excellent if looking for pizzaLove this place, quick and always exactly as expected. Shout out to Sid and the guys in the kitchen for always making top quality quick food in the neighborhood.Superb deep dish pizza ! This establishment has become one of my favorite pizza joints in the city . Along with, Pizza Delicious,  That's Amore ( St Charles Ave ) serves the best pizza in New Orleans. I ordered the meat lovers deep dish pizza and after one bite was instantly transported to Chicago where this incredible pie is commonplace. The sauce, the freshest ingredients, the SAUCE!!!  Also had the succulent crispy wings with the buffalo dipping sauce . The staff was friendly and accommodating while informing us the deep dish takes approximately 45 mins to prepare. He said customers can call ahead to order and arrive later . Once again,  incredible pizza that fills the biggest appetites after one or two slices .  Five stars !!!!!Eh.  They had great Chicago style deep dish, like real deep dish, and it was amazing, but apparently the New Orleans location, at least, has stopped serving it.  Which converted a great place into yet another of the scores of other places in New Orleans selling NYC style thin crust pizzas.   And there are far better restaurants in New Orleans for getting a thin crust pizza.  (Side note:  they may not have actually stopped serving it if you go there, but they no longer let you order it for delivery, which means the same thing for a lot of folks, myself included.)Awesome Chicago style Deep Dish pizza. I'm from Illinois, and I love Giordano's, so my standards are high, but they did a great job. Great service too. Cool little spot to take some people that probably don't even know it's there, glad they opened uptown!I'm from about 2 hours East of Chicago and frequented there often, so I'm very familiar with Chicago pizza. Sadly, this place felt short.
The crust wasn't accurate to Chicago style. It had the crunchiness on the bottom, but missed the biscuit-like consistency of a Giordano or Gino Chicago pizza. 
The sauce was also disappointing, it tasted of tomato sauce with just a bunch of salt and sugar added-in and lacked the depth of a good marinara. It overwhelmed the rest of the pizza and I found myself scraping it off to be able to taste the rest of the pizza (which is unlike me, I love a good marinara).
And finally the pepperoni (we ordered a straight pepperoni). First, we really struggled to find any pepperoni in the pizza, but finally found it. They were huge (maybe cut them up to have more throughout the whole pizza?). Second, they were lacking a strong flavor, so essentially our pizza tasted like just a cheese pizza.
The place was also pretty hot inside, I don't think their air conditioning could keep up with their pizza ovens.
Waitstaff was great.Normal pizza place aesthetic. Good service and their pizza is good but I'm going to be bold and say they have some of the if not the best wings in the city here. The garlic Parmesan wings they make here are something else! Something special! He was explaining me the process of making their Wings but I was so into these wings that I can't remember anything he said. That's how good they were. Give them a try and thank me later!Great happy hour specials on drinks, and half off apps. I got a wood fired pizza and it was really good and ready before I finished my first pint. The bartenders were incredibly friendly.Easily located a few blocks beyond Lee Circle on St. Charles Avenue is That's Amore. Being a native New Yorker that prefers deep dish pizza, I had to try this place after being made aware of it's existence. I've only had deep dish from the big three locations in Chicago Lou Malnati's being my favorite, than Giordano's and Uno's.
I wandered in the front door a little past 6 pm on a late March evening to find an empty dining area which was explained to me happens with the time change every year. So there's a tip for you to go early if you want to avoid crowds, especially since the pie takes 45 minutes to cook properly.
With it being empty and time to kill, I got to talk with the staff about multiple things and they were all very friendly and engaging.
I oredered a 14" Meat Lovers to go and eventually headed home with my food. It took about 30 minutes to get home but when I dove into the first slice, it was still hot. With the initial bite I immediately noticed that they put a lot of care in their sauce. It's been a long time since I had deep dish from any of the previously mentioned places so exact tastes are long gone memories, but I don't think any of them had this much flavor going from herbs and seasonings without being spicy. If there was a downside to that it was the sauce kind of overpowering the flavor of the meats. This won't stop me from returning though, just possibly altering the ingredients. The pie also heated up nicely in a cast iron skillet over the next few days.
So if you're looking for a really good deep dish, look no further. They also have a wood burning oven which I will get around to trying a pizza from that after making up for all the years of not having a place close by that serves deep dish.Had good reviews so I bookmarked it some time ago. Then on the way there I start reading recent reviews and see the reviews decline. Apparently there has been a change recently. We went anyway to see for our selves. We were greeted at the door by a very nice man. As we waited for our server we see a young lady serving tables in a crop top? Her entire mid section was exposed. It was not appetizing at all. Very unprofessional and  unappealing. Thankful that she did not serve us. 
John did an excellent job serving us. Even sat for moment to exchange pleasantries. 
They offer Chicago Style or Wood Fire Pizza. My husband loves a good crispy pizza so we order the Roma wood fire extra crispy. It was delicious.  Very flavorful. Add a Caesar Salad and we had a nice meal. 
They have several local beers on tap. Abita Boot always a good choice. 
All in all the food was good. Service from John excellent. The ambiance is mediocre. The room felt sterile and cold. Can go other places in the city for a good pizza with better vibes.This location has been sold and is no longer an original "That's Amore". Came to eat on 9/11/19 during regular hours but location was closed. Stood with several other people trying to get in after a $10 Uber ride with no success. My advice: just go to the original location and don't bother with this place. Sad such a great place has gone so downhill since it was sold.Absolutely wonderful pizza and great service with friendly faces to assist us.  Ceaser dressing best I've had.So it was our first time visiting Amore since the change in ownership.  We were very happy with the service and of course, the food.  We started with the fried cheese raviolis.  They were so damn good.  Then we ate half a Milano pie and took the other half home.  We will surely be back soon because the pie was full of meat and still had that thin crust like it did at Dolce Vita.  The only thing I miss is how yeasty their dough was.You can tell they use fresh ingredients. The food was incredible. I highly recommend the cheese ravioli. Pizza fries were great as well. The owner also ended up being our server and he was so nice. I'll definitely be back.A solid choice for fantastic deep dish Chicago Pizza! Service is phenomenal  and staff is very attentive. A wonderful stop and a family friendly atmosphere. You cannot go wrong with this choice!! If I could have I would have  ordered a BOWL of the spinach artichoke!! Heaven!! Need lemon?? They grow their own!!   If you plan on having deep dish (not the only crust on the menu) bring  your appetite!!!We had a great time eating Happy Hour priced appetizers and beer and wine, while our deep dish pepperoni pizza baked! The fried ravioli was amazing and had smooth and oozy cheese flowing out and the marinara was one of the best I've had too! Everything is fresh and handmade and tasted phenomenal! Would definitely recommend and visit again!We ordered take out and it was just right.  Easy to order, super nice service, and DELICIOUS.  The wood fired is both soft AND crispy. Great flavor. And the deep dish was best in town! Jay (owner?) was super kind.  Definitely my first choice in town!Heck, hate to pile on with bad reviews, but must advise folks to ignore this place.  They don't answer the phone any more, and even if you order via Waitr you will get a charge on your card but the order will not go through even after hours pass.  Maybe the new owners are trying to run at a loss for tax reasons.Great food and even better service. Everything is homemade from the marinara to the ravioli! Definitely a must when in New Orleans!So we arrived at 820.. was told to seat ourselves. We had to wait 13mins for the waiter. Wanted a deep dish pizza. Was told no it's to late. I asked can we just order "to go". Was told "We don't do that". We might be back because we really want to try.First time trying deep dish pizza and this place did not disappoint. Amazing flavor, and somehow even with all that rich moist goodness inside, the crust was still perfectly crispy. Will definitely be enjoying over and over again!I like This place  haven't been in a while but with so many pizza places in Nola I have make my way to them all considering pizza is my fav food well Italian food period ... but Amore has never disappointed us the deep dish is so goodThe pizza was great! Large foldable slices. There could've been more toppings, so next time I'll order extraWent out of our way to eat here! On a pizza kick and have never tried Chicago pizza. I dare you to eat more than two pieces! Everyone is so nice here! Walk ins welcome. Totally normal and not closed down like other great places! It says "debate pizza". 
So we got New York AND Chicago. Nice ambiance. Very clean. Totally packed. Good sign. Worth it.I had heard of the Metairie location several years ago, when co-workers who knew I am a Chicagoland expat wanted to suggest something memorable. Recently, I heard and tried the newer location on St. Charles Ave. Since coming to New Orleans, pizza has nearly fallen off my feed trough list. Now and again, I will go Delicious, but hey, its New York style...That's Amore takes on a heartier challenge, andcsucceeds. My love and I ordered the simple cheese. Flavors are balanced in every level. The sauce really makes or breaks it. New Orleans usually spoons out thesweet 'red gravy' for anything Italian. This has a more acidic, Chicago sauce - true to form. The cheese has a strong flavor, is abundant, and simply flows with every cut and bite, as it should. The crust has been impossible to replicate, but That's Amore nailed it. Semolina-light, but flavorful without being too dry and crunchy. Do yourself a fabor: order more than you think you need!I feel weird writing this review before I try a bigger pie, so hear me out. (Read me out? What?)
My guy, aka pizza monster, and I ordered the small cheese deep dish and got the fried ravioli while we waited. You have to get an app since the wait for a pie can be 40 mins. If not, bring a deck of cards. Or just get really drunk. There's nothing you can do about that wait. All deep dish 'za takes a while. Midway pizza takes 30. It's worth it. I digress...
The fried ravioli are fine. I would get them again. The marinara for dipping is simple and great. Not over-herbed like the pizza. 
Soooo once the pizza arrived, one slice and I was full. The pizza monster had two. It's supposed to serve 2-3 people, so that's accurate *if* you get an app. The small pies seem like they're all crust though. There is enough cheese and sauce to cover most bites of even the crust, but still. I really want to try a bigger pie. And they over-herb the top (basil? oregano?) Lay off the dried herbs for the love of God. Add some fresh basil if you need to but the dried are so overwhelming. 
We sat at the bar. There was only one other table in there on a Tues around 5. Service was good and prices are fair. We'll be back.So disappointing.  We ordered a meat lover's pizza, which was supposed to have pepperoni, meatballs, Italian sausage, and Canadian bacon.  There were NO meatballs, it was super greasy, and only the ends of the pizza dough were crisp.   The rest was soggy.  
The entire place was super hot and it felt like the AC was broken or off.
We had to ask for a sweet tea refill and the server brought a regular tea.
The first visit we had there was sooooo much better.Not quite Chicago worthy pie. We went for an early dinner and were the only diners when we arrived. The first thing I noticed was that the place smelled of old fried food; it was unappetizing, and perhaps they need a better ventilation system. The table was sticky and the vibe was dead, with no music playing and clearly no buzz, as only one other person came in during our visit. First impressions were unfavorable. I was in a hurry, as I had an appointment, so went with the wood fired pizza while my husband ordered a deep dish. We explained to the guy who waited on us the situation, and let him know that it was ok to bring out my pizza first, and it still took 20 minutes to get my pie. They have one of those Italian ovens that fire at amazingly high heat, and that's too long for a wood fired pizza. My choice was the Roma, which features multiple cheeses, garlic and olive oil,  no red sauce. Good but not great, and not compelling enough to motivate me to return. I liked the sauce on the deep dish, which was herby in the Chicago style, but I visit the Windy City once or twice a year, and will save my deep dish slugging for the real McCoy.We visited this place when we were in New Orleans and it was awesome. They tell you when you order that it will take about 30 minutes for the deep dish so we ordered the fried ravioli which were delicious. The marinara to dip them in was full of flavor. I ordered a small pepperoni deep dish and it was pretty tasty. I would have preferred more pepperoni and a little less sauce, but it still overall was great. The manager/owner was so friendly and welcoming! Definitely will go back!