Besh is gone and this place is just weird now. We went in to happy hour which was a great deal. 3 of their house cocktails are $4 and several of their "snack" items are $4 from 4-7 pm daily. We ordered the blue cheese and chili fries, their oyster & bacon dip, and their mini corn dog style shrimp. 
It was all just a touch off. Remnants of Besh still remain but in an obvious cost saving manner: example the shrimp comes with an apricot mustard served in a tiny cast iron crock from the Besh days, but the crock is too wide and not deep enough to effectively dunk the shrimp like you would a corn dog. The oysters in the dip were minced and the bacon was undetectable - it was a tasty dip but not what we were expecting. The fries were pixie cut from the freezer. They could have been fried a bit longer as they came out anemic and the menu was deceptive!! At first I thought they'd be chili cheese fries. When I re read the menu I realized they would have roasted chilis and blue cheese. The dish that came out was fries covered in crumbled bleu cheese and scallions with an oil sauce that had a hint of peppers on the side. We were unsure if we were supposed to dip the fries or pour it over them, but decided to use the fries to eat the rest of the not quite oyster dip.
We did not order any entrees as the prices have jumped to $18-30 per plate and the snacks were not so great that they invited us to spend that kind of money there.
The ambience remains unchanged and the staff were quick and friendly. We'll probably stop in for a drink but will likely give our food business to the soda shop next time we visit the WWII museum. You can't go wrong with grilled cheese!The Shrimp and Gouda Grits here is the best thing I have eaten in Nawlins to date.  Stupid good!!!!Stopped by to grab some lunch while visiting the WWII Museum.  While a little pricy, the food was delicious and good portioned.  It was probably one of the best meals I have ever had at a museum.    My son loved the chicken fried steak.  Service was good and overall a good value.The food was good, there's definitely better food in NOLA and the bartenders were great BUT our server Juan needs to make a career change. We had 11 family members celebrating a very special time with our Dad and having a good server could have enhanced our experience. Juan you basically suck, get a personality if you're going to be in customer service industry.We went here the day they reopened after a management & menu change. Since we were in NOLA for the week we dined at La Petite Grocery, Cochon, Peche etc. While American Sector was good, it wasn't our favorite in the line up. However, they had the BEST BY FAR STAND OUT DISH!!!  The happy hour oyster dip was so amazingly out of this world fantastic!  It reminded me of grandmas oyster dressing for thanksgiving and truly was the culinary highlight of our vacation!  I expect really good things as they tweak & refine especially sine we were there on the opening day after a radical change. Looking forward to many great meals on future vacations!My husband and I decided to stop here after our tour of the museum. We got a table right away, but our table was about 5 inches from another family---awkward. We got the shrimp po boy, the gumbo, and the victory burger. Our food got to our table super quick, that was a plus. The food was really good and it was a nice quiet atmosphere. Full of tourists but great food.Pleasantly surprised-- great Cobb salad and pastrami sandwich. More importantly, our server, Shonda, was top notch and should be an example to everyone in the service industry. She took care when I told her I had a shellfish allergy by checking on a couple of items-- not everyone takes this dangerous allergy seriously.  Thank you Shonda!We had a business mixer at The American Sector this evening and I can not say enough good things about the venue, the staff and the food.  Being an "out of towner" it is always difficult to find a place to hold these type of business gatherings, but they exceeded all of my expectations!  Thank you!!!Husband did the WWII museum while I was at a conference. He had lunch and liked the burger, the beer and the bartender, Nick. He wanted to go back for dessert but I wanted to take him some place special since it was his birthday. Justin, the host, said their apple pie and bread pudding were great, but what's he going to say? When we hesitated, he also recommended a specialty bakery close by. I admire when someone puts the customer's desires first. That's a mark of great service. We decided to stay. The pie and pudding were both delicious, especially the pie.  The ice cream is made locally and fantastic! Great service and food. Definitely recommend if you're at the museum or close by.It's changed owner / operators, and it's gone downhill.
Gone are the girls in pinup gear to greet and seat you with a smile, replaced by generically dressed people that pay you no mind.
Gone is the music of the 40s, replaced by generic Billy Joel-heavy stations.  
Gone are the $.75 duck wings and sliders, replaced by greasy fries & pizza-type dishes for $4.50 a piece.
Gone are (some of) the local craft beers on tap, replaced by Bud Light and Miller Lite (and raised from $2.50 to $4 a pint to boot!)
The waitresses generally ignored me, despite the fact that I was one of only two or three tables there.  I got the fries with debris, which were overly heavy and tasted really under cooked...and in fact I got pretty ill the next day, so I won't trust them again.  It was too salty, the fries were saggy, there was too much cheese, and that beef tasted raw.  I spent the next afternoon in the toilet.
The cocktails are still excellent.
The formula beforehand was fantastic, and took advantage of the unique location to make something that was really special.  Why the new operators took the best features of this place is just beyond me.  I'm really sad that it's gone.We came here for beers and small plates during our WWII museum visit. We had the alligator Gumbo and their crawfish fritters... We loved every bite! My hubby said the fritters are his favorite here in NOLA so far! A delish surprise!It's always hit or miss here. Some dishes are really good. I had the shrimp and grits and they were very good plus it showed on bill cheaper than menu indicated. But, my husband got the fish and chips for $15. And they were bland fried fish and regular fries. Definitely for a non kid dish, this needed way more flavor especially since it was advertised as a Zaps potato chip coating. Man, use the seasoned chips! Or any seasoning. Also, they got rid of our favorite shrimp appetizers and replaced them with crab boil fritters which were basically $9 hush puppies. 
I do like that this place is here but taken that on a Saturday evening on a busy weekend there were only 2 tables full in the whole place, I think the wow factor is missing.I was looking forward to eating lunch here before going to the WW2 museum. We walked in though the back entrance and we're walking through the restaurant to get to the hostess stand. One waitress came rushing through and cut right in front of me almost making me trip. That's when another waitress saw that and said "oh she's rude". Great start. Our waiter who clearly did not want to be working was taking our drink order. When I asked him about the beer labeled "the parish" he said it was Abita Amber. I was with my in-laws from Germany and I wanted to get my father-in-law a dark beer. I told him no, The Parish beer I saw is not Abita Amber. He looked puzzled for a minute and then said he would go find out. Fast forward to him taking our food order. He just asks us if we were ready to order. I had to ask him what the soup of the day and gumbo of the day was. Then I again had to ask what the daily catch was, like pulling teeth getting info from him. My father-in-law orders the Victory Burger and he says OK and moved on to me. I order the Victory Burger which he says ok. Then I ask if they cook the burgers one way or if I can have it cooked a certain way. He then says yes, how would you like it. My friend orders a burger and says medium. He didn't bother asking my father-in-law how he wanted his cooked so I asked. Our appetizers came out at the same time the rest of the food came out. Pretty much everything was bland and needed salt. Not once did he come over and ask us how the food was. Half way through my meal I needed a refill of water. He was nowhere to be found. After waiting a couple of minutes, I went to the bar to get it myself. While waiting for the bartender, a bus boy noticed me and asked if I needed anything. He quickly got my water and was pretty much the best service we got from anyone there. After we were finished we again waited forever for him to bring the check and I had to get my wife to get his attention as she was coming back from the bathroom. Knowing that Chef Besh is no longer involved with this restaurant and the bad service and food we had, I will never go back here again.Stopped in for a quick beer and a bite while at the WW2 museum and the server was quick and friendly. The gumbo was awesome and the service was great!Terrible! Tastes were bland, and the food was hardly room temperature. The service was slow, and the host seemed to be slow also...not a good experience and will not be returning. Skip this place and eat somewhere else around the museum.I visited for the first time since the switch from John Besh to Centerplate. The menu is pretty small, which for me is good because I'm extremely indecisive when it comes to food - I love it all! There's a nice outdoor seating option.
The server was nice and attentive. Unfortunately our dining experience had a rocky start. No worries though. I cannot begin to express the display of more than perfect customer service from the entire team - server, kitchen and manager. Not only did we get an apology and a redo on the plate from the server, the manager came out and expressed his sincerest apology along with the chef. 
I'm not going to go into detail, but what the staff did to make up for the mishap far exceeded any expectations anyone could have ever had in this circumstance. It's clear the staff of this restaurant cares about their patrons and wants to ensure a great experience and return. I'm grateful for everything the staff did and just because of it, I will likely go back.First time here while in New Orleans visiting and visiting the WWII museum. 
Friendly staff. Great southern, relaxing vibe. 
We split the Oyster salad and it was fresh and delicious.We were probably on HOUR 4 of wandering through the WWII museum and thought it'd be prudent to get something to eat.  Since it was a late lunch, the place was empty except a few small tables and some folks at the bar.  
Since we had a heavy breakfast, we decided to split the truffle fries.  They were delish.  I love garlic, and there was PLENTY of it from the roasted garlic aioli.  Beware if you're not a garlic fan!  Portion was huge, a group of 4 could've easily split as an appetizer.
Given the low occupancy, I thought our food would be out quicker, but oh well, we weren't in a rush.I first came here years ago and fell in love with the cheap happy hour eats and drinks. The wait staff continues to be excellent but there are no more happy hour eats (except Fridays)! I ended up here after work/before an event at the CAC and needed a snack of some kind so I ended up getting the truffle fries (with a push from the bartender)...they were awash in an aioli and were not my favorite thing ever. Still. Good prices on drinks!I've heard mixed reviews from this place, but I can't say a bad thing about it. I stopped in for a break of my WWII museum experience, and I'm so glad I did. I ordered from the small bites menu because I just wanted a little something to hold me over, and I still didn't eat it all. I went with the Crab Boil Fritters. They were nothing short of amazing. All crab. No shell. A little explosion of corn here and there. It was divine really. They had six beers on tap, but I went with the local favorite, Abita Amber. I thought the prices were decent. The small plate was $9 and I think the beer was $5 or $6. In New Orleans, that's to be expected with beer, personally. If you're in the museum, I think it's a great place to rest and grab a bite.Ordered several items to split for lunch and they were all amazing!!  Our fav was the shrimp and Gouda grits!!!  Holy moly!!!So I just had lunch while visiting the museum, so I didn't get to taste the "old" menu mentioned by other Yelpers. The sandwich I had (corned beef/pastrami) was above average, but not great, the fries were over seasoned/salted. I did try the whoopsie pie sampler dessert & it was good. Nice they have a full bar (not common at museums)We were in the WWII museum and looking for a place to eat. This place is in the museum, so nice location. 
We ordered pulled pork sandwich and beef sandwich. The pulled pork sandwich was tasty, juicy(but not too much). The service there was nice.The meal was great! Service was good and personal, chef came over, and we enjoyed great crawfish fritters and short ribs.The hubby and I were pleasantly surprised with this place. We are lunch here while doing the WWII museum. We both follow gluten free and I'm dairy free. I actually don't eat seafood but decided to try some fish out since I was in NOLA. I got the wood grilled drum fish with fresh vegetables out their own garden. It was seasoned perfectly and cooked with a crispy outside. The hubby got braised beef ribs with mashed potatoes which he thoroughly enjoyed. Excellent customer service and educated on gluten freeReally nice, place.  The food is excellant, the french frie appetizer is really good.  They have a pretty good happy hour special.  Def recommend!!  Very affordable.Nice spot for a cold beer and quick snack while checking out the WWII Museum in New Orleans.  Friendly service, and nice ambiance.  It was a little chilly in there for me.
I had he crawfish fritters and they were delicious.
Nice beer selection.I gave this rating because this restaurant does not have any options for vegetarians or vegans at all. Really bad for an amazing museum that attracts people of all kinds. A cheese pizza or a bean patty burger would have done for the menu. It forces us to leave early with our completing entire museum due to starving. Extremely at the choices for a nationally renowned public place.was not thinking that this was gonna be good.  we were in the tour and hungry, took a second to find and was worried that it was gonna be bland... NOT!  Great burger, fries and service, I suggest you make this part of your day at the museum!Happy hour with friends you can't wrong. The "peacemaker" oyster and spinach dip was amazing. Moscow mule was a bit sweet flavor but I did enjoy the buffalo soldier as it had a full smooth flavor.We ate lunch here while touring the museum. The food itself was average, but the service was really subpar. Our waiter came over to the table quickly, but it took an excessive amount of time for our drinks to come out. Then we waited a considerable amount of time for our food to be delivered. In fact, the table next to us got so frustrated waiting for their food that they literally walked out of the restaurant because they got tired of waiting. We only stayed because we wanted to see more of the museum after lunch and we were hungry. Unless, you don't mind super slow service and average food, I'd suggest you arrange your visit to not include a meal here.Used to be great, now it's nothing special.  (Literally, they no longer have their legendary Bananas Foster milkshake.)
Menu is currently comprised of the standard "southern"/New Orleans food you've come to expect of every lame tourist trap restaurant in the CBD/French Quarter/Warehouse District.
Don't know why this location is tagged "Lower Garden District" since the Museum and it's property is in the "Warehouse District."What?! An incredible lunch in a museum?!? All I can say is, yep! That just happened. Fun atmosphere, fabulous specials, great service, we loved it! Try the fried oyster salad! The smokehouse burger was incredible as well as the fries that came with it. Don't miss out on the tomato soup or the local gumbo!!Adorable outside seating. Blah menu of American food , but I won't hold that against them, since they're called "Stage Door Canteen, The American Sector". 
Service was unenergetic and unfriendly. Cocktails were delicious.This is my go to happy hour when friends are in from out of town. Great selection of bar food and drinks. You can easily get 2 or 3 items to share. Great service. Next to WWII museum. I luv it for the outdoor patio (with heAters)The American Sector restaurant is within the excellent WWII museum.  However, the food service here is terrible even at 2:30 PM when our party of 3 arrived.  There were hardly anybody dining as it was Monday afternoon on May 22nd.  It is a beautiful restaurant, but overly air conditioned.  You need to wear a sweater or light jacket to eat here comfortably. Our hostess quickly seated us, but the wait for our server took at least 10 minutes.  He finally came and said he had to deal with a no pay (he called it "dine and dash") customer, which seems odd as that is usually the manager's job.  We ordered 3 bowls of gumbo soup ($7 ea); turkey club ($13), hot tea, coffee, and coca-cola.  The hot tea came in a tiny pot and the cup for the coffee was only partially full and was also in a espresso type cup.  He never bothered to provide refills.  When the coke did not arrived, my daughter went to the bar and got one.  About 10 minutes later, he brought out the coke and looked a little peeved that we had to ask the bar for one.
The gumbo soup was refreshing in the overly cool restaurant.  The turkey club was okay and came with a basket of french fries.  Of course, he didn't bring any ketchup and later became invisible.  We got ketchup from another table.  We finished, but sat there for more than 10 minutes before the check arrived.  Again, no refills on our coffee or additional hot water.  We were going to put the bill on our VISA, but just left cash that slightly exceeded the bill.  
If we eat here again, we'll sit on the bar stools, as service seems a lot better.  No wonder he had a "dine and dash" customer, we felt like doing the same thing.   Average food, terrible service is a summary of this attractive restaurant.  They need to do a better job of vetting their servers.This was a good restaurant for the location. It has the captive audience of museum goers, but was still very good on quality. The menu wasn't extensive, but had a good cross section of sandwiches, 5 or so entrees, soups/salads, and a few appetizers. I had the open face meatloaf sandwich with fries, and it was good and filling."On the air" at the BB stage canteen was a fantastic show I attended brunch which is from the American Sector kitchen! My food was delicious! I had a wedge salad eggs Benedict and bread pudding for dessert! I highly recommend doing brunch it's a great way to spend a Sunday.The customer experience here is awful. We called ahead of time because I have a dietary restriction. Whoever answered the phone seemed unwilling to accommodate, but we asked to speak with the chef, who assured us it would be fine. Then, when we get there, I mention my dietary restriction to the waiter, who flatly says "no, we can't do that." We explain that we called ahead, so he sighs loudly and confers with another employee. He comes back disgruntled, and tells us that I can just have a side dish. Certainly not an ideal meal for me after a long day.
Okay, so maybe that was just a problem of miscommunication between the person who answered the phone, the waiter, and the chef. So they have the benefit of the doubt for now.
But then my friend, who had asked for a water before we ordered, still does not have water as  our food comes out. She politely asks again for a water (without referring to the earlier request and without even hinting at waiter's oversight), to which he replies with another loud sigh. The whole meal, we felt as though we were majorly inconveniencing the waiter with our presence.
Unfortunately, the check included a 20% gratuity because we were a large party. I was tempted to talk with the manager to have the gratuity dropped. But frankly, I just didn't want to be in that establishment for any longer than I had to.
I'm not usually sensitive about customer service - as some of my other reviews will show, I actually like hole-in-the-wall places with curt/gruff staff. But the American Sector stepped up the discourteousness to unprecedented levels. Diners beware.Worst excuse for service I have experienced in a long time.  The WW II Museum is really great!  You would think this resturant on the grounds would approach the same standards.  It was terrible!  Not even busy, but we couldn't manage to get waiter's attention to take order, deliver order, or fill drinks.  Terrible!!Food was surprisingly good for museum restaurant. Small plate chicken pot pie was hot, delicious and served in a unique manner. House salad had real greens. Turkey sandwich was ample served with real fries. Gumbo was great.Food was awesome. Went for happy hour but service let much to be desired. Not once during our 3 courses was the table bussed of old, empty plates nor cups.This was kind of like a glorified Furr's cafeteria.  They had lots of empty tables but took their time seating us. Very disappointed and would. It recommend or return.Terrible! Tastes were bland, and the food was hardly room temperature. The service was slow, and the host seemed to be slow also...not a good experience, BUT the manager apologized for everything and offered to take care of our tab, but we instead insisted to try some dessert on the house. It certainly saved them, as the dessert was AMAZING!Even after the switch from John Besh, I kept coming to American Sector because they had the same drink and food specials with $4-5 drinks and small plates until 7pm. The food was nothing special, but it was inexpensive, and the drinks are great.
Because apparently they can't seem to get enough of changing things for their patrons, this past weekend they eliminated the happy hour food menu, so if you want to eat while enjoying their drinks, you have to pay full-price for mediocre food. Unfortunately it's just no longer worth it to go.American Sector has a history similar to that of the USA.  When it started it was the scrappy newcomer to the NOLA happy hour scene, but they brought delicious duck wings, sliders, and meat pies to the table and people were happy sipping on 1/2 prices cocktails.  For a time it was happiness and rainbows to the point where it seemed almost seemed too good to be true.
Apparently, it was, because over time the shine dulled and what was once a brilliant happy hour is now a pallid and content. For starters, there is no specials on starters, so the only real deal is on drinks.  Luckily they still have a pretty decent beer selection, so if you're in the neighborhood during happy hour it is worth stopping by.So I thought I would bring my boys down to New Orleans for some culture and because they've never been.  Although the food took a little while, it was well worth the wait!
Boy #1 ordered the salmon po'boy, which has a delicious crust and he pretty much inhaled it.  He is also known as Mr. Picky Pants.  
Boy #2 ordered the short ribs, which came with tasty cheesy noodles, veggies, and btw the ribs were delicious!!  
I ordered the shrimp po'boy which was lightly breaded, the shrimp were large and very tasty.  
All of our portions were large, and all of us left contentedly full and happy.  We ate at the bar which had no wait as opposed to the 45 minute wait for a table.  We all agreed to give five stars!!!American Sector used to be a favorite place for dinner and drinks. Now that John  Besh is no longer at the restaurant the quality of food and service has gone downhill. We made reservations for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant was nearly empty. After dinner, one of our party ordered a coffee to go. The cup was only a third full. When asked about this, the waiter said that's the size they offer and then called over 4 more people to stand around and rudely debate that the coffee was correct and they couldn't pour any more. They were just unfriendly.
We toured the WWII Museum the next day and decided we wanted a drink that afternoon. We again decided to try our old faithful. The hostess asked what we needed and we told her we wanted to have a drink. She refused to seat us just for drinks. We told her we may order some food but still she refused to seat us. She said if we were only having drinks she would get us a to go cup. We wanted a drink from the bar. Her attitude was hateful and she even rolled her eyes at us! Needless to say, we found somewhere else to have our drinks. Do yourself a favor and avoid this restaurant until management decides to actually provide customer service.Amazing Atmosphere, Menu, & Service!!! Wanted a laid back place to grab lunch before hitting the streets and this place had everything. Great variety of food and drinks to pick from and a very chill feeling through out the place. They service was very attentive and made sure we were well take care of the entire time. Will definitely be stopping back by again next time we are in town!!!We went to the American Sector for lunch before visiting the World War II museum. I liked the contemporary feel of the restaurant with lots of natural light throughout. There are touches of the military theme but it's not overdone. We enjoyed watching the old wartime video clips on the screens above the bar. I had the sector lemonade to drink off the specialty cocktail menu and it was delicious and refreshing. The gumbo of the day was turkey and andouille sausage. At first I hesitated because I usually prefer seafood gumbo but I'm so glad I ordered a bowl. It was my favorite gumbo of the whole trip to New Orleans. It was very hearty with a nice thick roux and most importantly it had that special spicy kick to the flavor that to me makes a great gumbo. I also ordered the crispy oyster "BLT" to round out my meal. The oysters and pork belly were perfectly cooked and I really liked the pairing with the sweetness of the tomato jam. My boyfriend ordered the toasted turkey club. It was a massive sandwich with a heaping amount of turkey. He said it tasted great although the size made it somewhat challenging to eat. The fries were good too and I loved the cute little basket they came in. Overall the American Sector was our favorite restaurant that we tried during our trip to New Orleans.The atmosphere is great and it is a conveinent location for hungry museum explorers.Great food! They were out of Malbec, oysters, and mussels on a Sunday. Atmosphere was amazing as was the service! We'll definitely be back!Really liked this. A cute bonus- the manager? Was dressed in a "costume" circa WW2. She had her hair styled like it would have been back in the day and even her stockings had seams. Just a nice touch. My husband had the gumbo (of course) and a shrimp Po Boy. He's been on a gumbo crawl - trying it everywhere. He really liked it. His sandwich was great too. I had a salad to start and a turkey club. I haven't had non processed turkey since November- it was roasted on site and delicious. One note- no Hellman's mayo. Sorry but there is no other mayo in my book. The service was great as well. Definitely glad we came here.Under rated!  Had the shrimp po' boy and it did not disappoint!  Plan your WW II around a meal if you can.Dear god don't come here unless you have a lot of time to kill. We sat down at 1:50 waiter came around at 2 to put napkins down on our table for drinks. We ordered around 2:10.
I had the Cobb salad which was okay. I'm pretty sure I got half a cucumber on my plate. The ham was pretty good and the bacon was delicious. The open faced pot roast looked decent but there wasn't a ton of meat. 
My mom ordered the burger which was $14. She asked for it medium rare and received it well done. We requested another one and proceeded to wait 15 minutes. When it finally came out, the burger was raw in the center. 
We saw our waiter three times. When he took our drink order, then our food order and then when he brought the bill.The bartenders need to be told the war is over, and maybe they wouldn't be such Debbie Downers! Menu and receipt prices didn't match but we didn't bother mention it, we chugged our beers, ate our cold fries and found somewhere more welcoming.Way over priced for a slow and dull service. Server was forgetful and the food came out suspiciously fast but cold.Four of us had lunch on the Anniversary of D-Day and the Birthday of the Museum ... A special and crowded day and the restaurant was able to meet the surge. We found the food very good ... Victory Burger, Pastrami Sandwich, Cobb Salad and Short Ribs. Nice choice of domestic and international beers both bottled and on tap. My Short Ribs had good depth and complexity given my expectations are based on my Texas BBQ heritage. Third time we have eaten at the American Sector over the last year and find the lunch to be a very good value. If I am critical it is with the service ... our initial server was engaged buy overwhelmed. Fortunately several others jumped in in the sprint of D-Day and all ended well.Stopped here after our WWII Museum visit for happy hour. Had the Sector Lemonade which was truly delicious, flavorful, and refreshing. Can't beat it for $4.50. Also had the truffle fries..to DIE for. Prices really aren't too bad if you're there for happy hour. Otherwise, it is quite pricey. Totally delicious though.Food quality is excellent but portions are small and way overpriced.  My husband ordered a pot roast sandwich -- $14 for two slices of bread, a small scoop of mashed potatoes and less than 1/2 cup of shredded beef.  Really ridiculous!   My chopped salad was better but still too expensive.After exploring the exhibits at the WW2 Museum my wife, 5 year old son and I circled back to American Sector for lunch. We had the turkey, andouille, and alligator sausage gumbo, wedge salad and oyster po-boy. Our son had something with french fries....can't recall. The gumbo was really good, the salad was a little weird...no need for balsamic on a wedge, that just over complicates a very simple and delicious salad. The po-boy was very good with just one complaint...the bread was toasted. There's really no need to do this unless it wasn't fresh and I don't want to believe that's the case. I really enjoyed the gumbo and would eat here again next time we visit the museum.A very pleasant surprise! Came in for a bottle of water, saw the quality of food being served, and stayed for lunch. Both entree salads were fresh and generous with the toppings. Other diners meals looked equally delish.Great place to relax after walking around the museum. We planned our day around being able to go to the happy hour here (4-7pm) for good deals on drinks/food. Really amazing happy hour! The place was almost empty when we arrived after the museum closed (shortly after 5pm) so the service was very prompt. We were surprised it was so empty for the great deals, but I guess not enough people do research to know about this place. Our server was very friendly and even recommended a great bar around the corner that we traveled over to after here to continue our evening. Happy hour drinks and food were a really good price. Everything we ordered was delicious!Awful. What a joke. I didn't leave a tip, and I always tip 20% minimum even for mediocre service. This was a new low. 
- "30-45 minute wait" for a table for 2, despite 10 tables standing empty.
- The place wasn't busy, at all. But we sat at the bar for 10 minutes without even being acknowledged. Multiple staff loafing around, playing on their phones, aloof and unfriendly.
- Food 100% overpriced. High school cafeteria  burger and microwaved Ore-Ida fries for $12.
- No refills offered.
- Had to wait and ask a bar back for ketchup.
- No napkins with our food. 
- After asking how we wanted our burgers cooked, and telling them "medium rare", they came out well done.
- Staff totally disinterested in our enjoyment. "Here ya go..." then nothing.
- Staff arguing with/complaining to manager in front of customers.
- No service after food dropped off. We could have walked out without paying and I wonder if they'd have noticed. We put cash on the bar and left. 
Totally ridiculous. Don't go.Ate here during the Besh years, when the servers dressed in the costume of the era...so fun! Had a great meal & wonderful service. 
Went back last week with my sister because I'm planning a conference (50-60 people) for next May. No more period dress, and no music from the era. What a disappointment. As we were seated, (immediately, though it was lunchtime), I asked to see the banquet manager. Hostess went to get him, returning to tell us he was on a phone call but would come down as soon as he could. 
My sister had the caprese sandwich, which she said was "good". No indication it came with fries...if she had known, she'd have asked for fruit or another substitution. I ordered the lamb rib appetizer for my meal. There were at least a dozen, with a great sweet/sour sauce. I couldn't wait. However, each one I bit into was pure grease and fat. Must have also been extremely salty because I quickly finished my water, then spent the rest of the meal looking for our waiter, who never asked if we needed more drinks. The banquet manager also never showed. Needless to say, I will not return, nor will I bring the conferees. 
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Not bad but not good. Service was excellent but the food only average, especially for the price.Stopped by after walking around the museum for a drink. Ordered the Midway mule, but was a little disappointed at the size for the price (copper mug had plastic handle???). Taste was good even though you can barely tell there is any alcohol in it but the ambiance was really good for relaxing and talking with friends and staff was friendly. Food definitely looks appetizing.This place has the best happy hour around!  The buffalo solider is by far the best drink I've had in New Orleans (and I've had a few drinks). Only exception though... Beth has to make it.They used to have incredible food.   Now it appears that they cater to Yankee tourists.  Bland bland bland! The Museum is awesome,  but eat somewhere else!For being in a museum this restaurant is great!  We were not expecting to be able to order such intricate items and they were prepared quickly and very well. We had the Salmon BLT, a kids Hot Dog meal, kids chicken tenders meal and brisket. All of it was amazing and it wasn't even that expensive!,Other reviews were spot on. You might want to bring a jacket it is pretty chilly. Sevice was okay, I had better and I have had worse.  Food was not that great. My pot roast sandwich was very salty and my wife's pastrami sandwich was really fatty.Best happy hour drinks in the warehouse district. The buffalo solider is my drink of choice.Awesome salmon bacon sandwich! So so so good must try. Atmosphere is fun cozy plus monorail photos of wwii make it all worth it.We chose the American Sector after a very pleasant tour of the WWII museum, mainly due to its convenient location. There were numerous tables obviously available, yet they made our small group of five wait about twenty minutes before seating. Odd. My son ordered the cheeseburger, and asked for no lettuce or tomato. The server said it would be served with them no matter what and he would have to just leave them on the plate. Odd. I ordered the Cobb salad and asked to substitute a different cheese for the Bleu cheese. She said that could not be done and she would just have it served without any cheese. Odd. Another ordered the fish and chips. The server stated chips didn't come with the fish and chips so he had to order a side of fries. Odd. Now that the oddities are stated, I can say that the food proved well prepared and all the group was satisfied with the meal and good company of family. If only the service, from MaîtreD to waitstaff, could be improved, this establishment would improve remarkably.I was surprised to read so many negative reviews. I've eaten here twice and we had great meals both times. For lunch I had the salmon BLT and it was amazing. The sandwich was HUGE and I shared it with my husband. The bacon and bread on the sandwich was amazing. There was also a generous piece of salmon that was cooked perfectly. My husband had gumbo that he liked. 
We came back a few hours later for coffee and dessert to rest from walking around  this great museum for hours and hours. This is truly a DON'T MISS MUSEUM. It makes the WWII era and history very clear and profound.
Back to food... I ordered the Whoopie Pie dessert. So pretty that I had to take a photo and post it. We really liked it here. I hope you will too. It's a little expensive but we like to travel in style.bring your jacket cause it is very cold but perhaps it better than being too hot. got a salad and while it was delicious it was very much over priced for what you get. the portion was almost the size of a side salad at a normal restaurant. service was okay. if you order off the happy hour menu prices are more realistic.Really surprised to see the mediocre reviews! We had a great experience with both the service and the food. I visited for lunch with my parents and we got the chicken pot pies for an appetizer - pretty good, but nothing too exciting, so might not order that again. I also had the tomato soup, and they shared their entrees with me - the shrimp and grits and the open faced pot roast sandwich. We were all in agreement that everything was delicious! We had the bread pudding for dessert and that was our only (minor) complaint - it was not heated all the way through...but still tasted pretty great! Will definitely be back on our next visit to the museum.This restaurant was FANTASTIC! The manager, Ryan, let us try a WONDERFUL libation called a Buffalo Soldier. He was training a sweet bartender and asked if we would like one! Nothing like Southern hospitality! The gumbo was spicy and quite tasty. The truffle fries are a must. If you visit the WW11 museum or the Art District, be sure to drop inThe gumbo is very salty.  I couldn't eat more than a couple bites.  The crawfish fritters have a good flavor, but are too salty.  My son's chicken tenders were raw.  My husband mentioned this and they covered our entire meal.I came here for the first time before the recent 40s themed Yelp party, and I was happy with the service, food, and drinks. I'm not a big fan of alcohol (I know, I live in the wrong city, har har har), but my cocktail wasn't overpowering but still had quite the kick, and the appetizer we had (goat cheese and mushrooms on flatbread) was delicious and bigger than expected. It really set the tone for our night out.Ate lunch here while visiting the WW II museum.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, the service was good.  The corned beef and sauerkraut sandwich on rye was great, which was surprising given the basic ingredients involved, but they prepared the corned beef and sauce in such a way to turn a standard into an exceptional sandwich.Best happy hour on in New Orleans! Half price beer and cocktails with pulled pork buns, duck ribs and pork pies for 75cents each ... A beer and a ton of food will barely break a tenner! Inspired food in the surroundings of the most awesome 4D Beyond all boundaries movie!.Get the MEAT LOAF!! Dang that thing is good. Did I mention the meat loaf was good? The cupcakes are also pretty killer. Good service - located within one of the treasures of New Orleans - The National WWII Museum. The restaurant caters to this theme quite well. Well played Mr. Besh.I'll give it 3 stars - American Sector is potentially worth stopping during a visit to the World War II Museum but the food is overpriced and can be inconsistent - not an ideal combination.  Burgers and sandwiches are decent although overall I've never had anything that blew me away.  Gumbo is just okay, a pork shank dish had really dry and unexciting pork on top of pretty awesome cassoulet.  Italian cheese fries (kind of like poutine) were undersalted and just not great - even the fries didn't excite me.
Go to American Sector for Happy Hour from 3-6pm every day and it's a phenomenal deal.  Go if you're at the WWII museum, although you'll get better food down the street at Cochon or its sister restaurant Butcher.  Not that American Sector is horrible, but it's by far my least favorite John Besh restaurant.This is a great place to have dinner in large or small groups.  I called ahead and made a reservation for a large group and they were able to accommodate us without a problem.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  The menu has something to please everyone, even with my finicky group.  Make sure you try the shrimp in a cup, cherry soda and funnel cake.  They also have a nice selection of alcohol and great bartenders.  
One great tip is that you can park in any of the parking lots adjacent to the WWII Museum and they will validate your parking, or there is free parking after a certain time...I think 5 p.m.another favorite go to
recommend:
the fried shrimp in a cup - my favorite thing there, sometimes i order 2 cups
the pork po boy - it's their vietnames po boy. huge, wonderful, easy enough to share. get with fries. best sandwich in town or at least a close second to buckboard bacon melt from butcher
happy hour - 0.75 sliders and drink specialsI have been meaning to go to American Sector since it opened, although -- admittedly -- since I live in Berkeley and not NOLA, opportunities are pretty slim.  Since I am in my beloved New Orleans only one week a year (two, if I'm lucky), it makes going to "new" places somewhat difficult as we (my wife and I) hear the siren's song calling us to our favorite places of visits past.  I thought I had blown my chance to eat at American Sector when I spent so much time at the National World War II Museum that I'd completely missed lunch and was late to meet Lynn for a Sazerac at The Roosevelt following her conference, but . . . 
I had made no specific plans/reservations for Sunday dinner, and after several days filled with the likes of Bayona, Patois, Coquette, and Galatoire's, "casual" was just what we needed!
The room is at once modern and nostalgic, with 1940s-era music in the background and celebrity photographs from World War II on the wall (think Clark Gable in an Army officer's uniform, or Kate Hepburn, and so on).  Sunday nights, long after the museum closed, this place was pretty empty -- only three or four other tables besides us, I think; I was surprised it was this deserted for a John Besh restaurant, but it's (hopefully) more a function of time and location (Sunday evening; museum closed) -- it certainly isn't because of the food, as that was great!
Several beers on tap, and great cocktails began our meal . . . 
From the appetizer menu, we shared the spicy, garlicky fried chicken with watermelon pickle; the chicken gizzards with Creole honey mustard; and the mini-cheeseburger slides with bacon-onion marmalade . . . Truly delicious!
Moving on, we had the short rib "Sloppy Joe" (more like a North Carolina pulled pork sandwich, but no less enjoyable), the "buster" soft shell po'boy, with sides of Southern greens and cheesy grits . . .
Generous portions, and deliciously flavorful food -- all at affordable prices . . . who could ask for more!  
In all honesty, I should give this five stars, but if I give August five stars . . . )Service was a little indifferent. Wish we were there just for happy hour. Had the onion ring app and that was very good. The hot dog was tasty but waaaaay to big. Hubby had the blue crab and sausage stew. It was over powered by the sauce.I don't have a lot to say.  This place is liked a dressed up Chili's.  I have tried to write this review a couple times, but I just give up because this place is so middle of the road.  It is not good; it is not bad it is just so so.  If some one asked me what I thought I thought I would say if you are by there and and hungry you will not be disappointed nor will you leave happy about the experience.  I wish I could say more it is just hard.  
I had the chicken wrap,  I wish the chicken was not fried, but that's about it.  They do have a full bar so if your family is in the WWI museum it would be a nice place to grab a drink.Must try the Rabbit Pate even though i think they should serve it with something better than Saltine Crackers.When my aunt recommended we eat in a museum restaurant I was dubious (I am from DC and in my experience with our museum eatery's is that they are far less than good).
But after arriving and checking the place out I was quite satisfied. They have a great selection of beers on tap (and even have boozy milkshakes), the decor was subdued but very appropriate  and the menu was quite satisfying. Other than a hiccup with the delivery of my meal everything was quite tasty. The next time I am in NO I will have to give this place a try again.Sad.   The WW2 museum and vets deserve something better than this.   Indifferent service.   How difficult can it be to mess up lunch basics?   Had the chicken wrap.   Be forewarned...it's not Korean BBQ as printed on the menu, rather a version of Korean fried chicken (breaded with sticky sweet sauce.)   Over salted, plus salty kimchee on toasted dry cracker-crust wrap.   Almost couldn't eat it but I was starving and should have said something to the waiter or exchanged it.   The fries that came with it were horrid....limp, greasy, over-browned (seems to be a thing with fries in New Orleans), and way over salted.   I had 2 fries and left the rest....literally couldn't eat them because of the salt (it was almost bitter...that much salt.)   Felt mildly sick for the rest of the afternoon.
Plus there is absolutely no excuse for screwing up Asian fusion anymore.   It's pretty much standard like pizza in the US.
Partner had the cheeseburger sliders.   Looked great when they arrived, but completely over-cooked to a crisp, dry, small squares of highly peppered beef on round buns.   
The best thing about the meal was the pineapple soda.   When I mentioned my unhappiness with the meal and the amount of salt, all I got from the waiter was a blank look and feeble "I'm sorry."
It's a shame Besh cannot give quality at the casual end.   Take a look at what other big names like Wolfgang Puck and Tom Douglas do with their cheap casual joints.So apparently the Warehouse District doesn't observe the New Orleans Sabbath (Monday), and therefore everything is closed on Sunday. As such, I ended up at American Sector for dinner tonight after learning that Sylvain (Plan A) didn't have a table available until 8pm (dinner was for 6pm), and discovering that La Boca, Rio Mar, Wolfe's, and several other restaurants in the Warehouse District were closed. 
That said, I've been meaning to check out American Sector for quite some time now, and the fact that they were open tonight is a large part of the the reason they're getting four stars. 
Overall, it's a pretty interesting place. The space is gorgeous, staff is friendly/professional/attentive, and the menu seemed reasonably huge. Granted, one side of it was entirely cocktails, but that's certainly not something to complain about. 
They bring you spicy pickles instead of, for example, a bread basket. I'm generally not a pickle fan, but these were pretty tasty. I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese (minus ham), plus a mixed greens salad that I didn't eat, because it came at the same time as my food. By the time I finished the soup, I wasn't feeling a salad, so I opted for dessert instead. The peppermint patty was awesome; definitely recommend it. 
This place didn't blow me away, but it's definitely somewhere I'll visit again. Perhaps during happy hour or something.I took in Happy Hour this afternoon from 3-6 pm at American Sector; ate 6 Pork Sliders, 9 Meat Pies, and 1 Duck Wing - not all by myself; each one $0.75 each. Also, we had a few cocktails as we sat outside in the excellent 70 degree weather. 
I like this place. It has nice outside atmosphere & service and it's trendy in a retro, non-pretentious way. Within walking distance of the WWII Museum. Thanks to my fellow foodie for this recommendation.
My Opinion:
Pulled Pork Sliders = 4/5 stars
Meat Pies = 5/5 stars
Duck Wing = 2/5 stars
Cocktails = 5/5 starsI've been here a couple of times, and while I think the food is normal good, the reason I return is because of the pickles! Seriously, best pickles of my life! I feel like Snooki from Jersey Shore because I love these pickles so much! 
The atmosphere is fun because the workers are dressed in clothing from WWII and the food is themed after that era as well. Kinda fun and kitschy. The shrimp in a cup is good -- the shrimp is deep fried and still stays pretty crunchy if it's been sitting out, lathered in a spicy aioli. The greens were also pretty tasty. Everything else hasn't been anything to write home about, but the pickles have me coming back!If you find yourself at American Sector and haven't visited the WWII museum, you should re-think your plan and take the tour.  The museum is wonderful and a truly humbling experience.  
I'll admit that I know little about John Besh, but I know enough to recognize that he is a great chef and I would expect all aspects of a Besh restaurant to reflect the type chef that he is.  Service at American Sector was average.  We arrived at what appeared to be a shift change, so the servers ending their shift were in no hurry to help and those coming in weren't quite prepared to work.  The lack of motivation led to a bit of sitting and waiting and was not something that I'd expect from a restaurant of high caliber.  Once we had a service, however, things were pretty good.  One bartender in particular--The Master of the Sazerac--was friendly, funny, and made a damn good drink.  The manager on duty was also quite nice and spoke to patrons either entering or exiting.  
The food.  The rabbit pate was really freakin' good and served in a K-ration tin,  saltines came wrapped in brown kraft paper and I have not stopped thinking about the accompanying celery root slaw for 2 days.  The presentation was wonderful.  I did not feel like eating anything too filling so I settled on the Purple Hull Pea salad.  A wonderful slice of fried hog's head cheese was topped with a perfectly poached egg and surrounded with pea shoots and hull peas.  My only criticism of the dish is that it was so salty that I felt like my tongue had swelled up and turned into one of those balloon animal balloons.  I can excuse a bit of salt considering what was in the dish, but this was a bit excessive.  Deer could have lived off this salt for an entire winter.  All-in-all, though, this was a great dish.  The lady had the fried oysters and said that they were exactly how a fried oyster should be.  I feel that oysters should never be fried, so I'll leave my commentary out about them.  
The bottom line is this:  I'll be back to this restaurant to try out more of their menu items and am already thinking about a visit to another Besh restaurant.  I'm also going to get my hands on a celery root and make that slaw so I can stop thinking about it.Good restaurant at WWII museum.   Trid the pork sandwich on bartender s suggestion andit was great.  Gumbo was also fantastic.I've always wanted to try this place.. and now I'm so disappointed that I did..  You know, I expected so much from this place, and it was just not happening for me..  The atmosphere was nice, the waitress was also nice and informative.. however the food sucks.. we had the following:
- Chicken Gizzards - fried and served with creole mustard - these was pretty decent, nothing to really rave about though
- Duck Wings - korean bbq with pickled veggies - these totally missed the spot for me, they didn't taste like normal korean wings, and they were too huge to eat, why couldn't they just do chicken wings??
- The American Burger - two patties, bacon, jack cheese and onion rings - the burger was mediocre, they have plenty of other awesome burger joints around NOLA
- The Frenchie - two patties, duck confit, foie gras, pickled red onions - this was also mediocre, but probably the best thing we tried here.. and thats not saying much
- Pork belly Ramen - 5 spiced braised pork belly, noodles with bok choy - yeah, yeah we know.. why would you order ramen here??  The person we went with was craving for ramen the past few days, and when he saw it on the menu, thats what he was set on.. boy oh boy was he upset.. it was so bland and the noodles wasn't even the correct noodles for ramen. However, we did not had to pay for the ramen because he barely touched the bowl, and the waitress noticed
I would probably not waste my time here, however I heard the museum was pretty awesome.The food is heavy.  Basically it's a creative take on american staples, huge wiener mobile hot dogs, thick creamy grits, fried gizzards, sliders and oversized sandwiches served on butcher blocks.  I tried the Bologna Sandwich with Chow Chow, it was tasty, the bologna was super thick.  It's not cheap considering it's just basic foods, but you get a lot for your dollar and can easily split meals with someone.  I would go again if I were enjoying a day at the WWII museum, or meeting friends, but it wouldn't be my first choice.On March 17, my husband, daughter, and I went to American Sector for the first time for lunch. The food was good. I had the Buster Crabs, my daughter had the rib eye, and my husband had the short ribs. I like their meals better than mine, but for soft-shell crabs, they were good. The problem that I noticed during that visit was that the service was horrible. Our waitress seemed to forget our table, she asked our daughter but not us if she wanted something more to drink. My husband and I had ordered Sector Sodas and they took forever to arrive at our table. Our food also took a while, so that by the time our meal arrived, our glasses were empty. And since there is a server who brings the meal, we couldn't just ask them for more soda, we had to wait for the waitress. The bowl I was served had a thumbprint of dried food on it, and there was also food particles on my water glass and silverware. We finally did get to order more Sector Sodas, but by the time we got them, we'd finished our meal. The meal itself was fairly expensive for the type of food served, but the portions were large. We had to call the waitress over to get the bill and then she took forever to return for our card because she was too busy clearing tables. When we got home, I wrote an email about the issues we experienced. I received a return email apologizing for the issues and thanking me for alerting them to it. I was also told that these issues were brought to the attention of those who work there. 
So today, my parents were in the city to pick my daughter up for spring break. My father is disabled so I needed to find a restaurant with parking nearby and away from the Quarter because of the Final Four. I decided we could go to the American Sector because it fit our needs. I only suggested this because of the email I received promising that the issues I complained of had been corrected. My father got the shrimp poboy, my mom got the paneed veal, my daughter ordered the rib eye steak again, my husband got the pork cheeks, and I got the beef tongue sandwich. My great-nephew was also there and we ordered him a macaroni and cheese. We also ordered three Sector Sodas (which arrived at the table without the cherries they come with) and one strawberry malt. After we were seated and ordered, two other tables next to us were seated and ordered. They got their food while we were still waiting. It took our food 90 minutes to get to our table and the other two tables had already finished their meals. Our food was apparently waiting for our servers for a while because it was barely still warm. My plate had gravy from the sandwich slopped over the edges and when my husband remarked about it, the server apologized and that was about it. My daughter's rib eye was medium, not medium rare as it was ordered. My husband's pork cheeks were dry. My mother barely ate anything on her plate. Honestly, the best things at the table were the Sector Sodas (the second orders of which showed up with cherries but took forever to arrive) and the french fries that came with my nephew's mac and cheese and my daughter's steak. So the one thing that was good during our last visit, the food, wasn't good on this visit. Our waiter barely checked on us at all the whole time we were there, which amounted to two hours. So much for dropping in for a quick lunch as so many of the reviews say this restaurant is good for. I don't even want to know what the meal cost.  We won't be back and John Besh just lost some fans. We aren't going to be trying any of his other restaurants if this one is that bad even after they've been informed of serious problems.Relaxed, meet elegant. Elegant, meet relaxed. I think there's a happy hour you two would have in common...
American Sector is a nice John Besh-run little place tucked in next to the World War II Museum in between the CBD and Lower Garden District of New Orleans. This establishment features glass doors, well-dressed (and presented) staff, a somewhat subdued environment, and one of the better happy hour selections (so we were told by our resident host). We noshed on pulled pork sliders and a double helping of spicy duck wings, along with a few Tom Collins and Moscow Mules. Service was a bit slow and otherwise unmentionable. With such a large, diverse crowd for happy hour, we understood the lack of time for small talk and other formalities. Perfectly OK for two tired NOLA-newbies and host who just wanted to unwind after a long day. The winner here is the food -- on a future visit to NOLA, I would return for dinner.This is some good classic American food with a few local NOLA additions added to spice it up a bit.  I'm a big fan of the happy hour here with the 75 cent bbq sliders and meat pies.  The meat loaf is HUGE and is the thing most of the staff usually recommend you get if you're hungry.  Most of the things I've tried I've liked here and there have only been maybe two things I wasn't happy with just because the portions were small as compared to the mega portions of most of the other choices.  Very easy parking after 3 as you get to park free across the street and happy hour happens 7 days a week so a nice place for a snack and laid back happy hour.Amazing food, great service and atmosphere - I wish I lived in New Orleans so I could come here more often! A group of us enjoyed dinner there for New Years and it was by far the best food and service we had during our trip. The Executive Chef, Raymond, is a genius! Best shrimp and grits, ever (I mean, smoked Gouda grits... Amazing.) Tried my friends bbq burger - wow, I'm from Texas and I've never even had brisket on a burger before, so good. For dessert I recommend the bananas foster bread pudding. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!I recently went on a date at the American Sector with Katherine L.  Her review covers our experience very well, but I would like to add some of my own observations as well.
First, I would like to say that I love the cocktails here.  The bartenders clearly enjoy what they're doing and the drinks are classic.  After becoming accustomed to ordering my usual cheap and simple drinks (gin and tonic), its refreshing to have a perfectly crafted old fashioned with my meal.  
We had a hard time choosing the Revolution menu versus the standard menu.  The Revolution was more in like with our date night feel so we decided to go with that menu instead.  I enjoyed everything I had.  The shrimp remoulade in lettuce cups was just right, the sauce had a wonderful flavor, but did not overpower the freshness of the shrimp.  The pumpkin soup with crab was also excellent.  The soup was quite savory and was perfect with the pieces of tender crab meat.  Finally, the duck!  I absolutely love crispy poultry skin.  I know, a lot of people take the skin off because of the fat, etc., but that fat, when cooked just right, crisps up into this heavenly savory case that you just can't understand why anyone would do without that.  Anyway, the skin on the duck was perfectly crisped and the meat was very tender and moist.  I have to say the dessert was a little off.... I had mixed feelings about it.  Its hard to describe, but I'll try.  It was a layered cake that was served in a small mason jar.  It was two layers of cake and icing?  I'm not sure what it was.  It was hard to eat because the icing part was very dense and the cake was a little dry.  It might have been more appetizing if I had been eating it with a hot drink.  I wonder if the creator had been inspired by smells of their own christmas morning.  As soon as I smelled the icing I was taken back to my own parents kitchen and making instant Folgers coffee for my relatives that have come to visit.  It smelled and tasted just like it!  
An additional item sampled that I just can't get my mind off of... the shrimp and crab dip.  The dip was just so... well seafoody?  The other parts of the dip only enhanced the dip.  Let me tell you, not a drop of that dip went back to the kitchen.  The pickles that came with some of the dishes were also impressive.  I would have liked to hear more about the house made pickles, but overall they were also very impressive.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Although, beyond that I could also see how much other people were clearly enjoying themselves.  My date and I sat for our meal for around 3 hours.  During that time I saw people come in for just cocktails at the bar, some tables sat for a full dinner, others for drinks and apps, and at least one group was there when we arrived, and were still seated when we left.  People are comfortable here, and appear to love to bring the people they care about to share the experience.  It was also clear that there were at least some regulars based on the banter between customers and bartenders.
I will definitely be back.I try to make a point of trying any new John Besh restaurant. I got over to American Sector during its first couple of days. Admittedly they were still working out some kinks, but I wanted to go check it out anyway. 
I didn't have a great deal of time and I went during lunch. I opted to sit at the large bar in the center of the dining room. When I am dining alone I always find this to be a nice way to eat if its an option. 
The bartender was very nice and we spent awhile talking about some of the finer points of the menu before I placed my order. He informed me that the burger sliders were a must have. 
So with my main course decided, I thought the heirloom tomato soup would be a nice start. Lets just say that this was probably the best tomato soup I have ever had. It was served in a can (which is nice accompaniment to the theme of the restaurant). Once it was poured in to the bowl, the green oil in the soup rose to the top for a nice red and green contrast. 
I was also instructed to sample the complimentary pickles. These were a little zesty for my taste, but if you're a fan of hot pickles that have been marinating in juices for a looooong time, you'll like these.
In summary, there are a great many things that I am looking forward to trying at American Sector, but from what I have tried, the place is very good with great service by a friendly and knowledgeable staff. Give it a shot.Another dinner at the Am. Sector and another lovely cocktail.  This time we snacked on the onion rings which turned out to be heavily battered...which I normally don't like but these were still light and delicious, although I was not a fan of the sauce that came with.  My dinner companion got the chicken fried steak and said it was yummy.  While for almost the same price, I ordered the crab salad and it was tiny.  The crabmeat was fresh and rich...but not that rich, y'know?  I wish I had been warned.  I've heard that the restaurant is packed at lunch but at dinner time you still nearly have the place to yourself.Recently had dinner - Here's our take:
Cocktails - 
French 75 cocktail was great (champagne, lemon juice, and gin) 
Last Waltz was not so great (ginger and mint?) 
Entree - 
Buster crab was excellent with the grits. 
Sloppy Joe was good - but the size is embarrassing.  They could tone it down off the wooden slab. 
Meatloaf was good.  The sauces are excellent.  
Dessert - 
Peppermint patti for dessert was delish. 
Funnel cake brings you back to when you were a kid (the pairing with strawberry ice cream is genius). 
Just order a milkshake and enjoy it! 
Atmosphere is great.  Service was fine.  Enjoy your meal!I really love Chef John Besh and have wanted to try this new more casual restaurant located in the WWll Museum. Didn't think we were going to get there on our last trip but on our last day we stopped in to see if they could accommodate our group for lunch and they could!
The atmosphere is very low key, kind of reminds me an airport? The walls are adorned with pictures of old Hollywood movie starts and the staff is dressed in 1940's style garb. Our service was outstanding and this place was packed! The hostess took our drink order as our waiter was busy with other tables. The drinks came very quickly. 
We had two children in our group so it was nice to see a children's menu for them with things like a corn dogs and fries. 
While we were waiting for our food our waitress brought over some jars of homemade house pickles which were amazing! I would go back just for a beer and some of these pickles! 
I had the garlic glazed chicken wings (mainly because I was really eager to try the watermelon pickles) and fries, my husband had the Sloppy Joe. One friend had the grilled ham and cheese, another the seafood po'boy. The food is presented in a unique manner. My husbands sloppy joe was on a huge butcher block. He didn't care for the sloppy joe really but everyone else enjoyed their meal. I am now addicted to watermelon pickles and want a jar of them!
An enjoyable experience, I would go back here for lunch as there are a few other things on the menu I'd like to try.Better than what I would have expected in a museum cafe.  To start we had the headcheese appetizer with an over easy egg on top.  Sounds bad but it was pretty tasty.  Our entrees were the oyster po' boy and the shrimp gumbo, which were both good.  It was nice to take a long break during our visit to the fantastic WW2 museum.Every time I've gone to American Sector for dinner, it's been... okay. 
However, recently, I've been going for lunch and it's pretty fantastic. I don't know why.
My favorite dish to order is the Fried Oyster Salad. Man, they load that thing with oysters! There must have been at least ten oysters on my salad the other day. It comes with delicious blue cheese, great pepper jelly vinaigrette, and perfect greens. 
I also enjoy the Crab Ravigote salad a lot - it doesn't say in the description, but it comes on a bed of greens. 
All in all, I will be sad to lose American Sector with Centerplate taking over all concessions and food in the WWII Museum. I think it's an average restaurant.I was here about a year ago and I really enjoyed the food. Everything I had was simple but delicious. Fast forward one year and I am here again.
This was during lunch so we had the onion rings, burger and fried oyster poboy. The onion rings were just like the way I remembered; big and delicious. The fried oyster poboy was okay. The oysters were small and didn't have much flavor. The burger had a very weird texture to it. I'm not quite sure what the blend of meat it was but it was very dense and had an almost sausage like consistency. I wasn't a fan. I also wish they served fries instead of chips. 
We were talking to another patron and he said they had recently changed their menu. If you can change your menu, keep your standards up.amazing happy hour! we ordered
cupcakes
bbq sliders
meat pies
duck wings
the best price for awesome happy hour! really loved the delicious meat pies and bbq sliders!Five Stars!  Pretty lofty....here is why: 
1) We ate at the bar and were welcomed warmly, offerred suggestions on the menu, immediately made to feel at home and enjoyed the time there. 
2) Had a wonderful meal but we will get there. 
3) Had an opportuinity to meet with Chef John Besh (picture is to the left!!) This guy is the best.  First his perspective on food I just get and love.  Second he doesnt try to shove that perspective down your throat in every construct.  Third he got up from a friendly lunch to spend time with us and was happy to do so.  
This third point speaks to Chef Besh as a businessperson and a man.  How great is it that his staff knew they could ask him to do that and it wouldnt be an issue? !  
On to the food.  Wonderful!  My most lovely wife had the grilled ham and cheese and the tomato soup.  She raved.  Served in a can they pour the soup over a basil aoli.  I had the pulled pork "sloppy joe".  Vinegary, saucy metling into the bread.  All the things you want in a sloppy joe.  
This was Besh experience number 2 of the trip and it was altogether wonderful and a significant highlight of the trip.A definitely average, acceptable place for lunch if you are at the WW2 musem. 
They have a "full" bar but don't expect the bartenders to actually know what they have in stock and use in the drinks. I wanted the Spicy Paloma drink but wisely asked what tequila they were going to use since the menu told you all the other rums and gin they used in the other drinks but just "tequila" in the Paloma, which is absolutely suspect. The waitress told me she would get an answer and disappeared. After five minutes I quit caring and just ordered an Abita Amber for $5. Homey don't play like that with the mystery "tequila"
Michelle M.'s point about the cool countertop at the bar is pretty spot on. Sit at the bar and play with the tiles on the countertop like me! 
The food is meh. The Cobb salad was a disappointing $13 stab in the general direction of edible. The avocado had a nice brown color going for it, almost made me feel like this was Army cooking all over again without the aid of the trusty tabasco to hide that color and the taste too. The Cajun dressing was salty and flavorless. The blue cheese was a tiny handful. The greens were about a day too old to be considered premium. At least the old gal came loaded down with some bacon to salvage this thing. 
With that being said, the waitress correctly took down my dining companion's specific order. When the good arrived it was wrong. The cute, affable ginger manager came over and sorted it out by comping the item from the bill without the need for any dramatics and crying. That's how you handle your business when you make an error. 
Not the best food by a long shot - but great customer service and a cool bar countertop go the distance to make this place an acceptable lunching spot if you are in the 'hood.I love this museum restaurant. Unlike other museum eateries this place delivers on quality, great food presentation! chips are served in metal run cans, kids meals arrive in metal lunch boxes from Soda Shop. They have this yummy salad with smoked scallops! It's a must try on the menu. The crab salad is original but the flavor is a bit flat, I put some tobacco to add a little kick. Overall great experience! A must stop for lunch !I have to say my experience was near perfect besides for the soggy fries. I now finally understand why one of my online friends goes there soo often for happy hour. For some odd reason I thought this place would be small and cramped it's the exact opposite very spacious!
The patio outside looks soo nice and comfortable. It looked like I could sit outside for 3 hours with no problem.
The cheeseburger slider was awesome finally some place that uses 3 individual burgers with it's very own bun.
I went to Luke's for my birthday this year I should have come here instead.i really have difficulty with this place.  the service was bad but the food was ok.  the waiter kept complaining that he had so much to do as happy hour was ending, but i found him just walking around the place.  he would speak to only one table in the row and leave everyone else to their own devices.  i heard other people in our row say how annoying it was to deal with this guy.  anyways - the food.  we got there 20 min before happy hour ended so we took advantage of the $.75 happy hour food and $4 drinks.  The drinks were sweet and yummy, hard to complain when they are $4.  We got the pulled pork sliders (eh, they were ok, albeit on the sweet side), the meat pies (awesome, wish we ordered more of these!) and the duck wings (i'm not a wing person and i don't like skin, and these were all rubbery skin, yuck!  the sauce was awesome, but there wasn't any meat on them, just fatty skin, ick!)  for dinner i had the shrimp creole which was really good.  i liked it but it wasn't very hot when it arrive despite the cast iron pot it comes in.  it was just luke warm and i would have liked it to be hotter.  the boy got the big pig po-boy or something like that.  it was Vietnamese style like bah-min and it was super yummy.  i love anything that has pickled vegetables.  overall, i'd come back for happy hour, maybe.I am upgrading my rating of the American Sector based on another awesome meal. 
There was a VIP event for the unveiling of the new expansion, so there was a flyover by a B-17 bomber. Needless to say, that was incredible. I wasn't invited to the VIP event, so I decided to have a great meal instead of schmoozing with the Mayor and other politicians. 
We ordered the cheeseburger sliders and the shrimp and spicy sausage po-boy. I had the po-boy and it was excellent. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and tasty. There was some sort of sauce that did make the sandwich too messy and unstable to pick up and eat, so I used my fork. Like most of the sandwiches, it comes with homemade potato chips. I don't even like plain chips, but these are really good. 
I was told the sliders were also good. It is considered an appetizer, but it is really enough food for a meal. 
Every meal comes with complimentary spicy pickles. These are my favorite pickles. Try some. You will enjoy them. 
Service was good. Our server was training, so he was a little over the top, but the drinks were never left empty and he was very attentive. 
The restaurant is attached to the WWII museum. The museum is truly incredible and it is a wonderful thing for the city. If your a local, this would be a great spot for lunch. If your a tourist, make sure to stop after you visit the museum.I have to say, I was disappointed with the food.  I really was expecting more considering the reputation, John Besh, and the price tags.
We ordered the sliders, the only really decent dish that we had. We also ordered the Sloppy Joe, because they had run out of the duck wings during happy hour, we also got the smoked bbq lamb ribs, and a side of mashed potatoes.
Aghast! Mashed potatoes with a more whipped consistency with tons of butter!  But oh Noes, it tastes like it may be part instant potatoes!
Smoked bbq lamb ribs smelled divine and at first bite tasted delicious.  However, as we progressed, the majority of the substance to the lamb ribs was pure fat with small slivers of meat, and it also became increasingly salty.  We forced ourselves to try to finish this dish but alas we failed.
Sloppy Joes?  How about tangy joes? The meat texture and amount was perfect and overflowing, however the meat was so tangy that it was bringing tears to my eyes. The tanginess made it so difficult to eat.  How about those house made chips that came with the sloppy joes?  Flavor OK, texture, not even crispy, I might even say bordering the soggy oily end. Disappointing.  However, I was eating more of the chips and mashed/whipped potatoes than the Sloppy Joes tear-jerking meat and fatty greasy lamb ribs.  And I love MEAT!  Does that say anything to you?
The only real good thing at the table that bumps this rating from a 2 to a 3?  The Cocktail.  My girlfriend had an Old Fashioned and she said that it was perfect and so tasty and delicious.
I really hope the restaurant was having a bad day, but I don't know, we went on a saturday night and there were only 3 other tables seated other than us.
I guess my only recommendation is to coming during cocktail hour.... I definitely don't think I will be eating here again.
Oh and what?  The table next to us gets a seasonal menu but we aren't even offered a look at it? Bah!I was so excited to check out American Sector.  Its super close to my condo, they have an adorable outdoor seating area, great happy hour specials and you hear John Besh's name all the time regarding eating in New Orleans. 
Quite honestly, the food didnt do it for me.  The presentation was great and everything sounded alright, but there was nothing we ordered that was out of this world and there was nothing on the menu you just felt you HAD to try.  I'm not a huge fan of desserts but I will say their cupcakes were delicous.  That said, we ordered cupcakes because our meals were mediocre and both of us were still a little hungry since we had no interest in eating much of our order.
The service was on point though.  Our server was a doll and little things, like the water constantly being filled, made it a pleasurable experience.  There was a huge family sitting next to us, and I dont want to sound like an @sshole, but I guess I'm so used to not being around children when having dinner and drinks with friends, that it was slightly on the annoying side.  
I'm sure due to the location, really friendly service and cute outdoor seating, I'm sure I'll return, but I'll probably stick to drinks and maybe an appetizer and/or cupcake.I tried this place three times.  The 1st was good which was over 2 yrs ago but the last two times were the worst food experiences ever.  I had the lamb dish which was 80% fats and 20% meats.  They covered the all thing in a dark sauce to disguise the fats.  Nasty and super overprice.  I tried the pastrami sandwich the 3rd time with friends which was the last and final visit. The bread was dripping in the heavy drenched butter liquid.  And half the sandwich was missing the pastrami meat.  John Besh is dropping the ball on this place and ruining his name.Excellent food! Best French Dip and Monte Cristo we have ever had. Great prices and specials for happy hour. Pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for. In the WWII museum, we would not have stopped if we were not visiting the museum. Well worth the trip across the street compared to other museum food courts. Highly recommend it.American Sector is an orgasm in your mouth! My husband and I have gone here several times with friends. We're usually creatures of habit and order the following items: fried chicken gizzards, short rib sloppy joe, and the blue crab and sausage stew. Recently we decided to venture out and ordered the perfect pig poboy.... I died when I ate it (in a good way). And everyone at the table too! Our friends ordered the country fried steak and the hanger steak. Nothing we've ever gotten so far was far from delicious. The restaurant is new, clean, and conveniently located next to the WWII museum. I love the patriotic vibrance. This place serves comfort food at its best!Beef Short Ribs with Mac n Cheese. Back to the hotel. Repeat. 
Lamb ribs are great too. We will be back. 
The drinks suck so stick with beer.Came here after reading the enticing blurb in the New Orleans visitors guide. 
At first glance the restaurant looks cute and welcoming. When I walked inside though it was freezing. I know its warm in New Orleans but no amount of heat especially at 7:00 pm at night called for the below freezing temp that greeted us as we walked in. The girl at the podium was friendly and even she joked about having to put on her sweater. My husband and I decided to eat outside as did everyone else apparently.
Our server was mediocre. Normal hi what can I get for you small talk but nothing special. Looking over the menu I was surprised to see the prices for the items being offered. $6 milkshake and an $8 " famous"  hotdog thinking it has to be phenomenal for that price....next time I'll save my money and head for Costco. We also ordered the seasonal vegetables and can I say whew! Can I get some veggies with the garlic that they were smothered in. They were almost inedible. 
I have to say that $45 later I expected a little more from the quality of food and service. My first visit to New Orleans was great but this was for sure at the bottom of my list. I should have headed back to acme oyster house. The staff made it well worth it!Favorites: the burger sliders and meatpies!
I also tried the fried oysters and monte cristo.the monte cristo was okay it was a bit too sweet.
I love the layout and environment there. It felt like i was back in time yet the building is very modern like.
If the weather wasnt too hot that day i wouldve enjoyed eating outside.This is only for the happy hour food from 3 - 6 (happy hour err' day!)
What we got:
-BBQ pork sliders - sauce is too tart :T
-Meat Pies - Yum! They're like deep fried pierogis filled with cream sauce and meat haha... A little on the rich side though
-Korean duck wings - Meh. I liked the sauce, but there was too much fat so some bites were straight up fat...
-Fries [$3.00] - Comes in a tin can, pretty well fried; I love fries. unless they're bad haha [i.e. mushy, soggy, flavorless]
Why I DO like a lot: 75 cents for EACH slider, meat pie, or wing!!! And the wings are pretty decently sized too...
Since I'm not a big drinker, I didn't order anything from the bar, but draft is $2.50, select wine by the glass and cocktails are $4.00!A lot of Yelpers seem to have been drawn to Chef John Besh's fabulous new restaurant for the happy hour. We came for the food, and we left very, very happy. Actually, we were there for lunch after spending the morning at the adjacent World War II Museum. Honey-glazed fried chicken was delicious, and the simple chicken sandwich -- with bits of bacon  and spicy cheese -- was almost indescribably wonderful. Add a side of crunchy cole slaw and some homemade pickles and potato chips and we counted ourselves fortunate indeed! Best lunch we've ever had at any restaurant connected to any museum we've ever visited, and we don't mean for that to seem like half-hearted praise in any way. 
The tables are a bit too close together for out pleasure -- who needs to know about your neighbor's chronic indigestion? -- but the server was young and high-spirited, and we enjoyed talking with her. Maybe we should have tried some drinks besides water, but based on what others are saying and our experiences with the food, we think you probably can't go wrong here.My friend works here so we got the hookup, but either this type of food doesn't appeal to me or it's just not very special, because I don't think I would come here much if my friend wasn't working. It gets hyped up a lot because it's a John Besh restaurant, but although the atmosphere WAS fantastic (modern open spaces, very comfortable yet sleek ambiance, the waitstaff are all wearing wartime clothes, etc.), the menu failed to impress me. 
Unfortunately, since my friend did all the ordering for us (he took our menus away as soon as we sat down) and just sent items out, I can't give you exact names of some of the things. I will say that my friend raved about the pork sliders, thought the meat pies were OK, we both enjoyed our cocktails (there's a Lemonade flavored one that I enjoyed less), the outside dining area is fantastic, the blueberry smoothies are PHENOMENAL, our two favorite cupcakes were the Nutella (mine) and the bacon (his), and the other two cupcake flavors were meh. The banana split was OK. We had a couple PBRs each as well. I told you my friend gave us the hookup! We couldn't even stand up straight when we left because we were so f-ing full! 
Honestly, this place doesn't strike me as anything too special, but if you like hearty traditional American "wartime" food, this might be your thing. I'm a pescatarian, so that automatically eliminated 95% of the menu for me.
Also, after 3 PM they offer free parking in the lot across the street!The service sucks......she forgot my drink and she was too busy with the 5 year old with a passy in her mouth.  Didn't even get a simple...I'm sorry...besides her awful service the onion rings with secret sauce was the bomb....Katie had rueben and it was tasty.....I had the spicy sausage shimp poboy and it was awesome.......place looks cool good food ...just needs a little workYou HAVE to try a chocolate malt here! 
Totally old school and totally awesome!
Burgers and chili dog were also excellent!
Great service! Love the retro outfits!
Great deals at happy hour too.
Try the 75 cent sliders. ;)
I'll definitely be giving them another try.
Cheers!I was downtown today and I decided to try a downtown restaurant. I tend to view downtown restaurants with suspicion- partly because I know they are more targeted towards tourists and because I assume they'll be that much more expensive. I was more than pleasantly surprised with the American Sector.
While the outside gives it a look that may be far removed from being more of a neighborhood restaurant, I felt more welcome there than I thought I would. There was a party of LSU students gathering outside and a good mix of locals and tourists inside. It is a John Besh restaurant and therefore it is, technically, a local joint. Honestly, I'm not the type who knows much about chefs and/or cooking and what makes them special but I am keen enough to know he's a popular chef in the city now. Now I definitely want to try out his other restaurants.
While the inside is definitely meant to be one part of the WWII museum experience, I didn't mind it. I sat down at the bar. The TV sets there were videos of the end of WWII in America with all the soldiers coming back home to kiss their wives and girlfriends in front of the cameras and throughout the restaurants there were pictures of a very idealized America which was interesting.
I think I also decided to eat here at the right time. It was Happy Hour and they have draft beer for $2 and .75 cent "sliders" (little burgers with a lot of meat). I got three sliders and an Abita Amber. The sliders themselves were fantastic actually- pulled bar-be-que pork with a few small crispy onion rings which was a surprisingly good mix. It was also more than enough to fill me up and they were excellent.
The bartenders were very nice and friendly too, I should add. Overall, I'd say if you want to try out a more "gourmet" version of "American" food... make your way over here, especially for Happy Hour.Great place hidden in a museum. It's upscale for a museum, prob because it is associated with John Besh. You cant beat the sliders and meat pies that are 75cents. This goes on during happy hour 3-6 when beer is like $2.50. Not bad! I experienced great service. For dessert you need to try the Blondie...yum!I'm writing this review as a vegetarian. The only thing I could have ordered food wise would have been a crappy salad sans whatever meat they add to it. Yea, that's creative. So I got a Perrier with (fresh) lemon. This place is inside a tourist attraction so one would think the food would be more diverse but I guess the cuisine is designed for Americans given the nature of the museum. 
About the food: My friend got the rueben and onion rings - huge portions.  If you want to feel over fed on unhealthy fried food, eat here.
Server was super friendly and sweet.
I give it three stars because of the sleek design and layout of the space.I don't usually like writing a review on restaurants that have over 100+ reviews because what's the point but I had heard so many great things about American Sector that I am disappointed.
I should probably round down to 2 stars (since I would rate 2 1/2) but I will round up because I always appreciate when business owners spend lots of their own money to rehabilitate areas of New Orleans that were recently wasteland.
I had The American Burger.  I believe it was $13.50.  I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium well.  The burger really have any flavor except for the onion rings on the burger which were awesome.  The homemade chips that come with it are awful.
My friend got one of the Kosher foot long  hot dog.  He said he didn't like it.  It was only $8.00 so not too bad.
Our flamboyant waiter was not very attentive and seemed to really hate his job.
Also, we had to eat outside even though it was about to pour because the inside felt like to was -10 degrees (and I love cold A/C).
I've been told that the Reuben is what I should order at American Sector even though I do not like Reubens.  However, I don't know if after this last experience I would chose to go back.Just okay for the price you are paying.  Great location. Fairly good service.  Green goddess dressing had very little flavor.  Korean burger was tasty.  Monte cristo was good but not great.  We were so excited and expecting so much more from john besh!I've been to the American Sector about four times in the two years I've lived in New Orleans and the experiences have been continually worse. The first trip, I fell in love with the restaurant and insisted on returning with my mom. The food seemed a bit blander the second time around, but it was still a good stop. My next trip came well over a year later when I stopped in a month ago in March 2014. My friend ordered the shrimp po-boy and the waiter brought out a reuben. When he informed the waiter of his mistake, the waiter tried to tell him that the reuben was in fact the shrimp po boy. When my friend pointed it that it clearly was not the same sandwich, as there was no shrimp anywhere in sight, the waiter had to go check with the chef to make sure it was the wrong sandwich. My friend and I have both waited tables for years and we were horrified that the waiter could not recognize the sandwich off his own menu. This is supposed to be a Besh restaurant and I guarantee a waiter at Luke would never get away with not knowing the menu. The waiter finally came back and confirmed that he had delivered the wrong sandwich and then asked my friend if he wanted the kitchen to make him the po boy. My friend did in fact want the po boy and we asked for it to go, as we'd now wasted over an hour. The smores pie was delicious. 
Well, I just went back yesterday at my mom's insistence and had an even worse experience. The hostess was incredibly rude when we first arrived. Our server was very nice and knew the menu quite well (a welcome change). One of the bar tenders was on his phone the entire time, I could not help but think about how quickly I would be fired if I behaved in the same manner. The restaurant was pretty much empty, maybe one other table in the whole place. The food came out quickly and everything was disgustingly over salted. The onion rings just sat after we all took one bite. My fries were pretty much inedible. Everyone left about half their food on their plate. A few hours later, I was feeling horribly sick and have been experiencing what I would consider to be food poisoning for the last 15 hours or so. 
I will not be returning.This is a John Besh restaurant so no surprise that it has a spectacular menu. However, the 40's memorabilia and decor make this a very unique experience when dining. The USO type shows next door at the Stage Door Canteen are absolutely worth the price of admission.The best fried oyster po boy !!!!!!!!! Hands down!  Great food, awesome drink list, reasonable prices.  We had the best bartender - Bill "Dolla Bill" too he made this stop on our trip full of jokes, stories and laughter (plus a little impromptu rapping!)
If you are going to the WWII museum, which you should, make this where you have lunch or dinner!This is my second time at American sector and I love the environment! It's very welcoming and the service is really good. You MUST try their shrimp bites, their sliders and their Oyster Poboy, it's really good. They have one of the best meat pies I have ever tried. I recommend going during happy hour!We took a break from my husband's epic odyssey through the National WWII museum to digest the camp of Tom Hanks' 4D video experience.  In addition to needing to talk about ANYTHING other than WWII, I needed food.  We split fried oysters, chicken wings, and a sloppy joe.  I thought the sloppy joe was tasty but there was an abundance of meat and a couple chunks that were a bit dry.  We could have done without the oysters.  The chicken wings were tasty.  We also had a banana foster milk shake.  Suffice it to say, I could have been rolled through the rest of the museum (and we still had a long way to go before hubby had his fill).  The service was a bit lacking.  Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly and it may have been at the end of his shift because we didn't really see him again after he took our order now that I think about it.  The milk shake didn't come until several minutes after our food arrived.  Total bill $50 ... seemed a bit high to me but we were at a tourist site so I wasn't shocked.Great happy hour! love the salad with Hogs head cheese. The server Juan was awesome!American Sector was my first John Besh experience but not my last. I wanted to try this one first because I heard from fellow yelpers this is a very casual place. As you may know from my other reviews I'm from out of town and work here in NOLA. That means I eat out a lot and sadly by myself most of the time. This is a pretty cool restaurant, on the surface it seemed a little dressier that I thought but found it really laid back and casual. The bartender Stacy was friendly and knowledgeable but a little to "in your face" for my taste. She really pushed the meatloaf but I wasn't buying it I can make my own meatloaf. So I started with the rabbit pate' great move. This was awesome and one of the best things I've eaten here in NOLA but I wish they came with bread or something other than saltine crackers clever plating thou, appearing to be part of a MRE.  Then for my entree I got the braised short ribs another good choice. Fall apart tender meat well seasoned what I believe collard greens on top. Then huge huge kudos to the chef for the Mac and cheese at the bottom of the dish. Perfectly al dente long macaroni noodles and a cheese sauce that was flavorful but not in the least dense or sticky it even had some shredded beef in the sauce. In all the food here was top notch the service was a little quirky but clearly worth a try or three. Oh yea and the price isn't bad either.The food was created by a master chef who just happens to hate his employees. As such, the service was much to be desired for and honestly, the food you could get a better value for at any pub.Delicious GUMBO!!  Tried the bibb lettuce salad (remember this lettuce is NOT crispy), also tried the sloppy joe (very salty), french fries and the chicken sandwich with bacon and peppers.  Stick with the GUMBO and you'll be right.I met some friends there for drinks--imagine my surprise when I saw that it was another John Besh creation, having just eaten at Luke the evening before. First off, let me tell you that the creatives did a great job with the space--it's gorgeous and airy, with high ceilings, a chic horseshoe bar, and just the right amount of memorabilia. The problem was, as it was for me at Luke, the service. It had some high notes, but was overall pretty brutal. After walking ohIdunno, maybe five miles, I was pretty parched. Took over twenty minutes to get water, and when I did, it was only a half of a glass, with no ice. Trust me NOLA, we Northerners suffer in your climate, and large amounts of ice water is basically gas in the tank for us. My cocktail, a steal at $4, was utterly delicious, once I finally got it. There was a lengthy delay on the entire round of drinks--apparently a keg had blown, and it must be pretty complicated to change a keg, because no cocktails were brought out until this keg was replaced. It was over a half hour from sitting down to cocktail in hand for me. Meanwhile, there were only about a half a dozen tables and several employees visiting at the bar. Shortly after getting our first round, our server checked back and said it was last call for the (excellent) happy hour. My group ordered a bunch of food and drink. Things went fine after that until near the end of our visit. The cupcakes ordered never arrived (I think without explanation, but we were not charged for them) and when the bill came, it turns out we were overcharged $40 because the last round of HH food was rung in at regular prices. This was also remedied without too much incident. Since we had a group of 6 or 7, I'm glad someone in our group caught it.
Everyone raved about the food (similarly, my food at Luke was delicious), but a theory emerged at the table: places built on the name of a chef sometimes pour all of the talent into the food, forgetting that the experience is actually more important than the food. I hate to even utter that sentiment aloud, but there's truth to it. My other thought, and I don't live in NOLA, so I can't answer this myself: Has the John Besh empire grown too big, too fast?American Sector has a beautiful patio, lovely service, and kind employees but for the most part the food sucks. I split the Chicken Fried Steak and a Pork Special. Both were over seasoned and not tasty at all. The sliders and Banana Foster's milkshake are delicious so when I received a dinner that was lack-luster I was very surprised. It was very expensive and totally not worth it. I think in the future sticking to the burgers would be wise, otherwise this pricey joint isn't worth the wait.seriously this place is fun! great drinks, pretty good food, an awesome staff....they employ one of the best waitstaff in the city......one in particular is beyond incredibly awesome, (take a bow jessica!).....this gal has got it going on, she knows how to give incredible customer service and every waitron in town should be taking lessons from her....oh wait...yes, the food --- inventive, fun, different, tasty and top notch!! did i mention the drinks were good too? did i mention the drinks are good also? someone has already mentioned happy hour, so can i mention that the drinks are good too....especially during happy hour.....:-)We stopped here before going to the museum. With a group of 6, we were told 25 minute wait. No problem, cocktail time. Everybody had beer but I had the Ramon Gin Fizz. This was absolutely the best I have had. Almost an hour later, we we questioned the hostess about our table. She said the other hostess sat a party of 6 at our table and we would have to wait another 25-30 minutes. Unbelievable. One of the managers overheard the conversation with the hostess. He immediately took over.. He had us seated promptly, bought us a drink and sent out 4 different appetizers. As none of these were necessary, it was very thoughtful and appreciated. The shrimp appetizers were out of this world. The chicken gizzards had to be the most tender I have ever had and the others were just as great. I am not really sure why I ordered the Chicken & Dumplings, but I did. WOW!!!! They were the best I have ever had. (Sorry grandma). It was almost like a soup. Thank goodness for the internet, I now have the recipe. Everyone commented on how wonderful their food was. Being in New Orleans for 5 days, what started out slow ended up being the best place we ate at. (Including some very fancy dancy restaurants).I am a Besh FANATIC. At least I thought I was... my only experience prior was the regular-but-not-regular-enough jaunt to August (which I've yet to review because even thinking of their foodgasm-inducing fare sends me into DTs, but I digress). 
I dunno, per American Sector, I expected... something different?  I read the reviews, I checked out the menu, and I got my hopes up because, even though I tend to swing French/Asian/something I can't prepare in my own kitchen when it comes to restaurant outings, the occasional homestyle Americana hits the spot. Or misses. In this case, misses by a long shot.
We - my food-adventerous fiance, my meat-and-potatoes and visiting-from-NC-dad, and I (who will eat anything not nailed down) - arrive around 7:45 to a mostly empty albeit winsome and modernly-decorated dining room.  Not necessarily the most encouraging scene, but it's Monday during tourism down-time.  We're promptly seated, greeted by our very pleasant server, Carrie, and proceed to examine the retro-styled menu.   Fiance orders a beer, the P-51.  Out of stock - strike one. Tries again with the ever-classy champagne of beers, High Life. Out of stock - strike two. Orders a third beer, the Blonde Bombshell. Fortunately, this one was available, though not at first glance - it was hiding in the cooler, and was pretty delicious... not High Life delicious, but still pretty good.  
After drinks get settled, we begin a proper perusal of the menu - you know, the foreplay part of the meal that sets the pace for the entire dining experience.  Even though I'd all but memorized the menu from the website, it seemed there were fewer options that I anticipated, and the stuff that was there seemed almost... gimmicky?  Not bad, just not exciting. I love rabbit, and I love pate, so naturally the rabbit pate was my app pick. We also got the crab pies and, to my surprise, my dad opted for the gizzards. Technically, gizzards are meat, and my dad's a southern guy, so it made sense; whatevs.   
The pate arrived in a rations-style tin with an American Sector paper-wrapped sleeve of saltines. Clever, I guess, but not visually appealing:  even though the texture is similar, I don't want to be served anything that even vaguely resembles cat food. And saltines? Really? I know it's not August, but still!  Brioche! Wheat crackers! Crostini! A damn piece of tree bark! Not saltines!   What can I say, it made me sad... and not just the presentation, but the flavor!  It tasted, to me, like American cheese: very salty, very processed, and not at all savory as I was hoping.  The fiance liked it, but he also likes plain slices of American cheese.   The gizzards and crab pies were nothing special - not bad, not delicious, just so-so.  We also ordered a bowl of gumbo to share which, as a soup, was pretty good, but as a gumbo in a city rife with amazing cajun and creole options, it was very ho-hum.
Now for entrees!  I realise that I've written an essay at this point, so I'll attempt (and probably fail) to keep it brief:
Fiance - Beef short ribs.  Good flavor, horrible execution. There was some sort of chipotle/arbol seasoning in the mac and cheese that went well with the beef, but unfortunately the macaroni noodles weren't completely cooked so it fell flat. Greens and additional jalepeno grits were tasty, but not enough to make it worhwhile.  5.5 out of 10 stars.
Dad - Chicken-fried steak.  A verrrry picky eater born in Mississippi, my dad is a chicken friend steak purist.  Mushrooms in the gravy didn't make him happy, but he's afraid of vegetables and fungi, so keep that in mind. French fries were, in my opinion, delicious - pommes frites in need of a good garlic aioli instead of ketchup - but as far as he was concerned, the dish was lackluster.  4 out of 10 stars.
Yours truly - Chicken and dumplings.  My dad almost ordered this but then called an audible when he was informed that, rather than have the traditional biscuit doughy blobs of dumplings (gag) so loved by good ol' boys and girls, this dish had ricotta dumplings that were similar to gnocchi. Oh, and vegetables.  He doesn't do squash, carrots, or green beans, baby or otherwise, so no thanks. I, however, am a huge fan of all of the aforementioned, so I went with it.  It was okay... the presentation was fine and the dumplings soft and pillowy, but the chicken wasn't well-trimmed, so I kept having to remove knobs of fat and cartilage from my mouth. The veggies were perfectly cooked and al dente, but the overall dish seemed very thick and short on flavor. 4 out of 10 stars.
By this point, I was very full, but the boys felt it necessary to power through dessert.  A hazelnut-caramel banana split and vanilla/candied bacon cupcake made its way to our table.  The split? Awesome. Bruleed sugar on a banana? Yes!   The cupcake? Bacon for dessert? YES!  Unless it tastes like a maple-sweetened Beggin Strip.  Sad face...
Maybe it's better and busier at lunch, but I'm not dying to return.Service was less than friendly food was okay. Asked about where the meat pies are from got a go to hell look...Added a star because the onion rings were some of the best I have ever had. 
Summation, from the lassitude of our server, confusion on orders, the condition, temperature, and flavor of our food, this mission is as follows; MRE - Meals Rejected by the Enemy. Our vets deserve a better choice than this crap.
Last full day in NOLA, wanted to cap it off with a spectacular lunch at a Besh restaurant. We should have gone to Luke. If I hadn't eaten at Luke, I would be of the opinion that this Besh fellow has no idea what good food is, and that all the people that rave about his creations and attention to detail are completely FUBAR. 
We were some of the first customers for lunch today. Absolutely no excuse for what happened. Talk about a -4 star Cluster you-know-what. 
Tomato soup with ham finger sandwiches, soup cold, ham sandwiches meh.
Two burgers, one med, one med well, no idea which was which, servers had to go back to the kitchen to figure it out. Burgers were, meh. 
Pork po boy, dry, overcooked, not nearly enough dressing, double meh. Had to ask the server to bring more dressing. Server brought mayo, no extra veggies, even after I showed her the pitiful amount of carrot whatever it was, triple meh.
Fries for the burgers and po boy, old, cold, shriveled. Good lord.
Dessert and coffee. As soon as I added the cream the coffee turned that 2-3 hour old ugly brown color, uh oh. The bacon cupcake icing was pretty good, the sliver of bacon stuck in the top was congealed and cold, disgusting, and the yellow cake of the cupcake was dry. Total for this SNAFU $96. 
John Besh, you should be ashamed, and rename this 'restaurant' The American Suck-tour. Stay away from this over-priced tourist trap.Great happy hour- delicious food but terrible service. Very disappointed in how slow the servers were and the lack of caring whether they provided good service or not. John Besh can do better.John Besh's take on classic American comfort food.  I don't know too many places that are kid friendly as well as serving up some really creative cuisine.  The house made hot dog is incredible, and the baloney sandwich with chow chow is an amazing take on the boring old lunch bag standby.  (Full disclosure - I'm okay with that boring old standby.)  The pork cheeks are succulent and probably my favorite entree.  The kids meals come in a metal lunch box with a free plastic army man, and I must confess I have ordered the corn dog off the kids menu for myself.  There is a great selection of classic cocktails from the first half of the 20th century, and you can order a homemade soft drink that comes in a dispenser for the table.  You can get quite a few glasses out for six bucks, so it's great to share.  Oh, yeah, there's a huge WWII museum attached to the place.  You might want to check that out, too.This is a great restaurant.  I had the shrimp in a cup and my friend had the tomato soup and sandwich.  All was excellent.Place was empty so we thought we would get in and out. We were seated in a corner out if site of the waiters that were chatting with each other. So we sat and sat a bit more. Ten minutes in a more or less empty restaurant with no one looking our way. Finally a waiter walked past to another table. OK cool he will get us on his way back. Nope back to chatting. So I can't say how the food was because we left but I can say the service is terrible!Amazing Food and great service. I work uptown and i wanted to try somewhere new, i used Yelp to help me find American Sector. Parking was a little confusing at first but after circling the block it wasn't that bad. When we first walked in the front doors  you could see Old Pictures all over the walls. The waitress was very nice and cheerful, we could see other peoples plates and everything looked good. We ended up ordering a Crab Pie appetizer, damn was it freaking good. I almost stabbed my wife's hand trying to get the last one but she beat me to it. We ordered the veal and a French dip, we told the waitress we planned on splitting everything so she could bring us an extra plate. They went the extra mile, they split everything for us, we both got equal portions of the meal. At first i thought they accidentally gave us 2 of each meal since the portion sizes were not small. The Veal had like a Panko crust so it was extra crispy but tender, over some Crab fried rice with pancetta.  That by it self was amazing, the French dip was perfect. The beef was cooked to perfection, it had lots of flavor ( some garlic chunks ) with some au jus that was like liquid gold. They served it with homemade chips that were pretty good. Usually i don't get desert but i seen they had red velvet & chocolate Nutella cupcakes so we got one of each to split. By the time the cupcakes got to us we were so stuff we had to take home. When we did finally eat them i like it so much i eat my wife's portion on accident.  Overall a great experience i look forward to going back and trying something else.Being the John Besh groupie I am I can't help but continue to visit and love this place. First off its connected to the World War Museum, which makes it a little more awesome. Not only is it a very cute restaurant but yummy too. If you are dining with more than one you should definitely try the Sector Soda, it comes in this huge container. Its no wayyy you can finish off all that delightful flavored drink, but you can have fun trying.  Appetizers I love here are the mini cheeseburgers and the Spicy garlic glazed fried chicken, they are sooo yummy, I must warn you these could be a meal in itself. Note: If you want a yummy lunch go and order an appetizer because they will fill you up!
Main Course: My favorite has to be the Shrimp Creole with Louisiana Jasmine rice. Such a delightful dish, filling and just the right flavor, you definitely won't go wrong with this dish. I must also tell you the fries!!!!! I could eat their fries all day long, those fries are what I call true COMFORT FOOD.
Milkshakes: I love their milkshakes, specifically the vanilla. Yummy Yummy.
Parking: In the evenings parking is free in the lot across from American Sector. During the day parking I believe is $5 and their is a good amount of meter parking in the area as well as other lots.I typically go to the American Sector to sit outside in the evenings and have a tasty cocktail before moving on to our dining location. I saw an advertisement for the restaurant's happy hour of half price drinks and 75 cent sliders. We ordered at the bar and no one would regard us for 10 minutes. I was surprised and disappointed with the lack of service. It was nearing the end of the happy hour but I would still expect the bar tenders to wait on us as well as their existing patrons. We were finally able to ordered the sliders and a few cocktails and they brought out the wrong appetizer. The cocktails were tasty but the sliders were unimpressive. The pulled pork was bland and was just dolloped on cheap white bread buns. I would expect a more exciting dish from a Besh restaurant, like a sauce or a cole slaw or pickles or something to go with the sliders but it was truly just warm bland pork on some unexciting hamburger buns.
I will stick with my original plan to enjoy the American Sector for its cocktails and pleasant outside ambiance but will stay away from the food for now.We asked our server at the Blue Plate for walking directions to the WWII Museum, and she emphasized that we *had* to hit Happy Hour at the American Sector. Half price beers and mixed drinks; 75 cent sliders and meat pies; wonderfully engaging server. I normally wouldn't give five stars based on a single visit and limited sampling of the menu, but this was truly a Woohoo! experience.