I'll start by saying my food was delicious and service was great. The reason I'm leaving a two star rating is because after our food was dropped on the way to the table(shit happens)..but, after a 20-25 minute wait for a food again while the other two people had already finished their meals. then they  had to sit and watch us eat and we were only offered potato chips as compensation for the mistake.. good food again and great service from our waitress just felt we were not taken care of by the manager appropriately..Well , I should have been concerned when the restaurant had two tables at 6pm, and now I know why. Let's start with the chicken wings and their in house sauce. The wings were good sized, but if I felt like having a jelly sandwich I would have made one at home. Way too much grape jelly and sweetness in that sauce, needed to offset with some mustard or acid. The cowboy burger came loaded with bacon, 2 stars for that, but then it was drenched in the grape sauce which it needed because the well done burnt sacrifice patties they placed on the dried out bun need some rehydration! Sadly I had high hopes for a good burger and wings and on a positive note just ordered takeout from another local restaurant to help fill the void.Delicious burgers! Great atmosphere for sports and hanging out!!! Family friendly! Friendly workers! Check this place out! Great Happy Hour! Half off burgers on Wednesday! Great addition to the Magazine St strip!Went for lunch with a coworker. I got the Gleason, which was okay but pretty greasy, even by burger standards. Overall its over priced and not worth a second try.Great service, good ambiance, very reasonable for anyone from a major market. Would come back for build ur own burgers!The burger was ok, even thou they left the onions off my build your own burger. What was more disturbing was the conversation between the bartender and another guest at the bar. While I waited for my to go order the bartender bragged about serving a girl a drink called the "Bill Cosby" and when she passed out in the bathroom later that night it was what he called a "success". After told him that was disgusting he contributed his conversation. I got my food and got out of there.  I later called and spoke to the manager who asked for my name and said next time I am in mention his name. I informed him I probably wouldn't be back.I just read all the reviews listed for this restaurant to see if anyone had the same question I found myself asking as our food was brought to the table.  Apparently no one in this city is curious about how the restaurant cleans the wooden plates they use to serve the food.  They resemble butcher block and both of our plates had multiple lacerations where bacteria could easily grow.  Personally, I would feel better if they used paper plates to serve their over- priced burgers. -- Yes, I did report this situation to the health department.  I just hope there is enough money left in Louisiana's budget to get an inspector out there.Great food, good beer, sports on tv and people watching outside. Very kid friendly and the kids chicken nuggets are real pieces of chicken with batter no fake processed chicken. Burger were great cooked perfectly and massive,bring your appetite.  The beer selection includes local brews, craft beers and your standard Budweiser beer, comes in a chilled glass.  Though I didn't sit up there this place has a balcony which looks like a great people watching spot.   Tons flat screen TVs.  Best part of this place is the staff our waitress was awesome and the manager checked in on us a couple of times, nothing like southern hospitality.My family and I stopped in on a Saturday night for supper.  The food was great! The debris fries were incredible as were the burgers.  Both of my boys enjoyed the root beer floats as well.  The chocolate-covered bacon and warm cookies with milk capped off a wonderful meal.  The atmosphere is great as well! We will definitely be coming back!Had the best service from Jabari today that we have received in New Orleans.  Food was great, drinks were awesome. Will def be back!Food was ok. Salad came on a wood plank (which is weird). Service was horrible. Manager didn't care and just gave us free appetizers. Would not recommend. Would not go again. Good try.We live in the neighborhood and really want to like this place, but I can't believe they were unable to turn off the 80's rock and turn on the sound to the NFL games. It was Saturday, December 16 night and the place only had 1 other table.  There was a NFL game that I had 2 fantasy players in and wanted to watch it. It's a sports bar. They need someone who can figure out how to work the equipment so sports can be played. I'm sure they have no problems figuring out how to play the sound for Saints games. 
The server and the food was great. Their milkshakes are huge and delicious. 
A sports bar really should know what lead games are on everyday and be prepared to play the sound.Excellent service from Nick and great food! Great place to watch a game and grab a burger and some wings. Highly recommend the venison burger!Great place. Great food, great atmosphere, great service! I love the kickin corn and the build-a-burger options. 360 degrees of hi-def televisions.This is a great place to watch any kind of sporting event. Tv's all around the restaurant anywhere you sit you have a screen to watch!! We had the nachos for an appetizer and they were good. I ordered the sportsman burger which was deer meat and it was amazing!! The only downfall I didn't like was that burgers came with kettle chip and it was like $1.50 extra for fries. My sister ordered the quesadilla,  it was good,  but came out cold. We still will go back to give it another shot. For a late night eat and pretty good food this was a good choice.We were leaving the zoo and happened to pass by this place on our way home and decided to stop. I'm glad we did. The food was good, I had a patty melt and my wife had a classic burger. We got lucky that it was Wednesday because it was half off. So our total was only 8.25, but I used the yelp checkin and got a free appetizer and had house tots which were also really good. I added 1 side of fries for my burger since the burgers don't come with any. It's an extra 2.50 but it was enough for the two of us and our 2 year old.
It was also nice that they have changing tables in both the men's and women's bathrooms.
The upstairs was very big and still under minor renovation, but they have available balcony seating.
The overall size of the restaurant was very large with ample seating but also space to move around. I'll have to stop in again on a game day to see if it fills up. They have numerous TVs on every wall that make a continuous banner of television, and one wall with 4 mounted close enough to make 1 giant screen. The happy hour specials also look appealing if I can ever make those hours. 
We were the only people there for about 30 minutes which also helped us get superb service.We decided to check out this place on Sunday since we live nearby, and wanted to watch some football. The first thing we noticed was that they had lowered their prices from when they first opened, their prices now seem very fair for a burger place on Magazine street. Also on Wednesdays they have 50% off all burgers which makes it a very good deal. The walls are completely lined with TVs and it was great to watch the Saints game with the sound on. During commercials it was nice to be able to catch parts of other games on some of the other TVs. I had the classic which I enjoyed very much, the bayou sauce is a good tangy sauce that was good for the burger and the fries. My husband built his own burger and enjoyed it but felt like there was something missing, but I guess he can only blame himself for that since he picked the toppings.  Our server was nice and friendly. Overall it was a good experience and a good place to watch football.Terrible service waited a hour for 3 burgers and then got them wrong and how do you make a bad burger well they did. No wonder we were only people in restaurant. Hope close soon great location for something g goodStill feeling nauseous with the 2 other people who got burgers!!! My "Rodeo" burger while tough, also had to lose its bottom bun from being soggy beyond help!! We also finished our food before the one person who didn't order a burger got there Caesar wrap! We weren't offered a child's menu not sure if they have one but the $13 appetizer ribs and $10 chicken tenders were recommended!! I have never spent that much to feed a 5 year old! This place does not belong on Magazine St, it is nothing more than a sports bar with greasy cheap foods served at high dollar prices! 
greasy $13 burgers
$3 cokesOverpriced burgers. This is in a local area. Come on guys! We could go next door to the bulldog for a way cheaper burger that tastes 10x betterThe BYOB was rolling. 
I got a Turkey burger on brie. The truffle aioli sauce was so good with my fave fixings. I really liked the outdoor seating but tables were a little uncomfortable for this mama. 
The voodoo rum punch was pretty good. It was a recommendation from waitress. She was super sweet. The chips and hummus were horrid and they took it off bill.  My hubby really didn't like the fish tacos but he didn't say anything.The restaurant is just a bad fit for Magazine St.  I hardly ever see people in it, so I don't think it will survive.  Food is adequate but it's just way too expensive for average quality food. Only real draw is the TVs for sports.  Staff seems unhappy too.  I can't blame them.Pros:
Friendly and attentive staff
Good burger
Multiple options including meats and buns
Cons: 
French quarter tourist prices $21.93 ($3 coke, burger with four toppings, and tater tots)
Tater tots friend in same fryer as beignets (so imagine sugar tasting tater tots)
Probably wouldn't return strictly because of pricing. Also I think it's a pour business decision to have tacos on the menu when you're sandwiched between two of the best taco places in the city(rum house and arana).As others have said, the burgers are severely overpriced and you get up charged for fries. I ordered a burger medium and it came out bloody so I sent it back. I could hear the cook shouting about it from across the restaurant. Very embarrassing. Manager was a complete dud and sat idly by. They fixed a new burger, which to their credit was very good, but I will never be back.Amazing!!! Everyone was super awesome and food and drinks were amazing!!!! The bartender,  josh, was PERFECT! Hospitable,  funny, accomadating, and a blast to have as a bartender! Everyone must come. Everyone is so nice. It's times like these it makes me sad I'm leaving new orleans.Absolutely great food. Was worried since they just opened. But I was blown away by great service and wonderful food. Had The Jockey and The Gleason and Nanny's Sweet Tooth!! All are a must have!! Make sure to ask to sit in Derek's area!! He is amazing and made the night that much better!! Will be back!!! They also brought out water and organic treats for my dog!!! He was spoiled the entire time!!! Love this place!! Can't understand the bad reviews... Give it a try. You won't be disappointed. Thanks so much Derek!!!Not only did we have amazing service the half off burgers on Wednesday are definitely something for locals and tourists to try. New Orleans is known for its richness in culture and food and it's no surprise with this up & coming restaurant. Great ambience, plenty of TVs but no deafening roar. Love love it, comin back for more.My boyfriend and I decided to stop in for a late lunch. It was our first time trying it. You have the option of sitting curbside, inside, or upstairs on the balcony; we chose the balcony. Our server, Jabari, was AMAZING! He didn't rush us, answered all of our questions, and suggested a specialty burger to my boyfriend. The food was AWESOME and very fresh. We'll definitely be back!This place is insanely overpriced. It's a tourist trap, but in the wrong part of town. I should have known not to go in considering that it's always empty. The service was great, but the food was mediocre at best. I left wondering if this place would go out of business before or after Trump gets impeached.This place should be near the bottom of your list on Magazine. Subpar, overpriced burgers. $13.50 for a mediocre 6oz patty served with chips. The ribs are extremely tough and shouldn't be on any restaurant menu. "Coleslaw" tastes like vinegar. I could go on but you get the idea.Maybe not the best burger place on Magazines but one of my favorites. It's a Friday night and it is very very slow! I can't understand why because there are over 20 TV's in about 1100 square feet (my personal rough estimate) If they turned the lights down the TVs can light the place. Because they are slow the food took about 5 minutes longer than I think 3 burgers should take. It I can definitely tell the burgers are made to order... the ‍ or someone wearing chief coat came out. 
Happy Hour  it! The drinks can take a while but bartender is nice and wait was worth it.We did pickup and the hot pastrami sandwich was the bomb... especially as compared to some of the others around the city, it's definitely one of the best. My husband got the swiss-shroom burger and loved it - the meat was really good on it. The value was spot on as well - I felt like you get great portions for the price. Excited to go back and eat in.$13 for a hamburger? These people have lost their minds. Tourists who don't know better might fall for it but doubtful the volume will be enough to sustain a lease in that address.First time here. Really good food. Great ambiance and excellent service from Jabari (I believe that was his name, hard to remember from the cocktails the bartender made for us). Really great time. Check it out.I drove from Houston TX just to try the Gleason burger. The trip was all worth it. Great customer service and food is pleasantly unforgettable. Will definitely come back next time I'm in New Orleans. -Jemal from Houston.Really wanted to like this place....I was upset when it took over Salu.  Burgers were mediocre and didn't get 2 apps our table ordered, only 1 was removed from the final bill. Too "mainstream" for this funky area of Magazine Street...and a waste of gorgeous sidewalk dining with the picnic tables. At least Rum House's outside tables are in keeping with the area. No incentive to return.3rd time here and the food and service are as good as the first time we stumbled in here on our way to another burger establishment.  Have brought the fam and recommended to others.  Very nice...oh and they have lots of televisions showing sporting events from baseball to basketball to fishing tournaments to hockey to soccer to golf (and  others): all at the same time- something for every sports enthusiast.This was an absolute awful experience. The service was terrible. We brought a group of 12 in for sunday lunch and football and the management acted extremely inconvenienced because they had a radio station coming and that was priority......took over an hr for food. 45 minutes for drinks and 30 minutes to get a refill! And place was not busy! I will never be back. ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS.This place just opened yesterday and today was my first time going. I have to say the food was great! I had the Debris burger with the House Fries. The burger was bursting with flavor and the fries were freshly made with Cajun seasoning on them. The ranch that I asked for was also good and not the typical store bought salad ranch. The servers and bartender were very professional as well as personable. They were incredibly nice and greeted me upon entry. Food didn't take long and the drinks were reasonably priced. There are also about three or four TV's on each wall so I was able to watch the Rockets-GSW game, which I was very happy about. I'll definitely be returning!Great spot to watch a game.  Cold beer.  Really good burgers.  Ask for the matador.  You won't be disappointed.What happened to my review I had posted?  Wow this place is already closed and my old review disappeared?  Well they had an interesting selection of burgers and then they had a great weekly special for 50% off the burgers.  The service was friendly and attentive and kept the drinks flowing.  The food was decent but nothing exceptional and reminded me of less tasty Phil's Grill.  The mac'n cheese wedge was one of the best and most notable dishes here.  I had my doubts this place would make it in this location and those doubts proved accurate so my psychic food powers of restaurants are growing...Let's call it an off night. Except this was the second time here, and the second off night since they opened this location a few months ago. Both times the servers were good, and attempted to placate obvious kitchen errors, but even sending food back, last time due to cold fries and tater tots (when there were only 2 other customers), or this time for two deep fried Bayou Bleu burgers for being raw in the middle. The second time the burgers came back raw again. 
That's 2 out of 5 burgers not being edible. One member of our party decided not to order something else, and didn't eat at all. 
I had The Ultimate Cure Burger. Two thin patties with a grilled cheese sandwich in the middle. It was tasty. The tater tots and fries.... cold, again. 
I've eaten at the French Quarter Bayou Burger before, and me and Babycakes were excited for this one being closer to home.
However, not like this.
I don't know if I'll be wasting money here again unless they get their act together here. Otherwise,  it will be another New Orleans restaurant casualty.I had a really bad experience here and instead of refunding my entire check like I asked; the manager nitpicked with me over a sweet tea. I ordered at 6:03 pm and received lukewarm poorly presented food at 6:33. My server was super nice though whomever and handled it more professionally than the person who is supposed to be the manager. Honestly,it's a shame that I had such a negative experience because I've heard great things about the food.What's up with all the menu changes. Going down hill FAST...over 20 items have been removed and they have been open only 6 months or so. The matador burger I ordered of their online menu (but not on the new menu) was sold to me with out telling me it no longer was cumin spiced- the only reason I ordered it. And the bun was cooked more then the meat(which is now cooked medium...I don't normally write reviews but when I do I'm angry. In a word this place is clueless. TV's everywhere but no NFL ticket. An hour to get drinks made in an empty bar. The servers are completely oblivious to their customers. This place needs a wake up call.Lol I mean I like cheese but I aint no lover of it so I try to avoid certain food dishes becuz of it. I always gotta say "lite on the cheese" or "no cheese at all". Anywho, my mom was kinda hungry so after we left the lil clothin store, I said "we got Smashburger, RumHouse and Bayou Burger"! Also, I dont eat burgers either but i knew in my heart of hearts there would be somethin I would get. Lol she didnt want Rum House cuz they were gonna take long, Smashburger had a god awful smell inside so we left then there was Bayou Burger. 1st time there and mos def wont be the last. I went wit 2 apps, onions rings and quesadillas..now, u know quesadillas comes wit cheese but I know that it was gonna be cheesy and they use pepperjack wit theirs, I like pepperjack. (i eat Pepperjack cheezits) but i got it anyway in hopes I would like it. Mmaann when I tell ya that joint was the bomb.com!! I forgot on the menu it said it comes wit jalapeños so when it came to me I was like oh, thats wassup! Lol aaanndd I didnt taste too much of the cheese, it was qite devine and the onion rings were pretty good too. Besides a sprite I also had a pecan praline milkshake which made me shimmy n shake yo lol. We were waited on by the bartender (forgot his name but he was the bomb)! We went around 3:30-4pm, it was only us and another table inside and some folks outside, definitely wont be my last time goin there!!I just want to ask a question - how do you make ground meat tough?  I predict you'll be gone in a year or less - too many places to get a good burger in this town. This is not one of them.I went a couple of weeks ago and had the pork tacos. The portion was huge, which I appreciated, but the flavor wasn't quite there. I went back today for a club sandwich and it was much better. The fried chicken was cooked well and I enjoyed the crispy housemade chips. Still though, the prices are too high. For food that's comparable to an exceptional dinner at Chilli's, I think they charge way too much.This place is the worst, under cooked burgers,  cold apps, watered down drinks. Do yourself a favor if you want French quarter bar food this is the place! Twenty restaurants within four blocks this is the worst! Boy do I miss Salu.The Gator Traps and the Kickin Corn appetizer were two of the best foods I've eaten in all my travels in New Orleans! A must try for something a little different with a Southern twist!Agree with the other comments.  Food is adequate but it's just too expensive for average quality food.We was in New Orleans for 11 days  and went to this restaurant  3 times; enjoyed each time. The food was amazing we enjoy the hamburgers and the tacos. Bayou burgers employees extremely friendly! It takes a little bit to make the burgers, but when they're done they're great.Brand new and absolutely delicious!!! Had a very attentive server named Derek! He helped me build the greatest burger I've had in years!!! Extremely helpful and knowledgeable. An immaculate example of the service in this place. The burger was cooked to perfection!!! Definitely a recommended restaurant for sure!!! Buffalo Wild Wings, Hooters, etc. can kick rocks!!! This is the place for sports, PHENOMENAL food, exquisite service, and pure fun. Try the Venison if you build your own burger. You WILL NOT be disappointed.Good burger joint in the Garden District; I emphasize the term "good". Slightly overpriced with additional surcharges for specific toppings and sides. Don't get me wrong, the burgers are very good. Just nowhere near worth $15-$16 after tax.This is one of the best burgers that I have had in a long time. The helpings are huge! The service is top notch. The food is super good. Nothing bad to say about this burger joint. Loved it!I ordered the Hot & Spicy, sweet potato fries, and sweet tea. The best thing was the bathroom. The burger was what they call their large burger, l am glad I did not get 2 of their small burger because It was not even close to Times Grill burger for size. The sweet tea was old, it tasted nasty. You pay $2.50 for a very small helping of sweet potato fries. It was only me and I gave my order to my waitress and she had to come back ask me if I ordered a side she could remember what I ordered. They to get better staff or teach them how to write down what the customer orders. On a positive note I do like they support team Gleason but the could put more than $1.00 on a $10.50 hamburger towards team Gleason. Again Port of Call and Times Grill have burgers way better than this place!Food: Disappointing. Ordered bacon cheese fries as an appetizer and the Gleason Burger (cooked medium well) with tots as the main meal. The burger lacked flavor and did not look as pictured. The tots smelled sweet and tasted like they were fried in the same grease as the desserts. The cheese fries were the best thing I ordered.
Service: Needs improvement. Went there at 3pm on a Saturday. Not too crowded. Service was not the best. Instead of taking initiative, the waitress constantly asked to provide refills, condiments, utensils, etc. For example, we ordered a shared appetizer and it arrived without any extra plates or utensils. When the check arrived we were not provided with pens and had to wait an additional 5 minutes for the waitress to come back to provide a pen. 
Final Thoughts: would I go here again? Probably not. First impressions are crucial in the service industry. I understand that it isn't best idea to judge a restaurant on the initial visit, but this is not an acceptable excuse. I did not even consider the drink menu because of the high prices. Who wants to pay $4 for a Bud Light? The food is more on the pricier side, but definitely not worth the money.  When looking to get a burger on Magazine, I would probably suggest going to Smash Burger (and they're a chain).I really want this place to make it. The staff was pretty good. I ordered a burger-Medium and received a burger-Well done. I was honest when they asked how my food was and they were more than eager to correct the issue. They are new to Uptown so I think they need to figure out how to better cater to the local crowd where they have plopped in a Bourbon St. style restaurant. The food was 2-3 star worthy. It's a bar laid out like a restaurant.The food was good. Interesting appetizers and great burgers. The problem here was the service. I went at lunch on a Friday, and it was not very busy. Our server was fast with getting our orders, and the food came out, but then she disappeared. We were finished for a whole before she came back, then it took ten minutes to get the check, and another five to get it back. There were other servers that also seemed to disappear on everyone. I hope this turns around because I have been to the Bourbon Street location several times and had good experiences, and I want them to succeed so I don't have to deal with Bourbon.We had passed by a few times and finally decided to give them a try, glad we did!  Great selection of burgers, The Gleason is awesome!  The restaurant is really clean, friendly staff and just a great break from the heat and shopping on Magazine .BEST BURGER in the city... if your in the mood for a life changing burger, get the sportsman, and swap the venison for the hot sausage patty. Ohhh and FYI on Wednesdays burgers are half priced!!!Loved this place. Great area of garden district with many shops on the near blocks. Great burger. Great tots. Lettuce tuna wraps awesome. Excellent service. Also took great care of my puppy. Brought him a big bowl of water. I be back long timeThe burgers here are really good.  The Gleason is almost too much to eat, but very good.  My wife loves the afairway veggie burger.  So why 3 stars?  Price.  The price for two burgers and two orders of fries runs about $34 before tip.  I can't see it staying open at these prices, which is a shame.  The burgers again are very good, but a $15 burger better be excellent.When the bulldog is packed and you need a place to watch the game this is next best thing! It's new so there plenty of time for bayou burger to improve. It's pretty much what you would expect from a chain-- but hey you should know what to expect when entering. And at that level it is pretty good. Service was fantastic. My water was constantly refilled. Food could be a lot worse. Burger was more on the medium well side rather than the medium rare I requested. THE FRIES- really good! I recommend sweet potatoes fries. The tater tot app was a pleasant surprise. It's a new spot. I'd give the place another try.I had the misfortune of eating here on March 23, 2017 because Nola.com listed this place in the 25 newest restaurants in New Orleans to try. I went with a friend to give this place a try and believe me when I say to you do not waste your time or your money because this was the worst burger I have ever eaten in New Orleans. I eat out pretty much every meal and needless to say I will never set foot in this place again. My friend and I ordered our burgers medium and after a 20-25 minute wait both our burgers came out way over cooked  and burnt and they weren't dressed the way we ordered them. I also thought it was a ripoff that their burgers are rather expensive for the poor quality of meat they serve you plus if you want mayo that's extra so is a slice of tomato, pickle, lettuce, and cheese are also extra. The burgers only come with super spicy potato chips that were really nasty tasting. The water was the worst tasting water because it had a metallic taste or a rancid ice cube taste. The waiter was not trained at all because anything he said and suggested about their food was completely wrong. I think for the money the High Hat on Freret St. or Oscars bar and grill on Metairie Road or the District on Harrison Ave. our far better choices. Please trust me when I tell you the Bayou Burger is a total waste of your money and it will probably give you a bad case of indigestion like it did my friend and I.The worst service ever! We waited over 20 min for anyone to even speak to us and he only said he would bring us water then waited another 20 min for him to come back without waters and then 45 for the food to come out! They were not even busy! Food is mediocre and it is way overpriced. There are too many amazing restaurants in New Orleans to waste your money here.The appetizers are great, not overpriced and you get a lot. The nachos and kickin corn are very good. I had the classic burger, wasn't anything special. I would probably just go back so appetizers and drinks. It does have lots of big tv's so nice place to watch some games.I really want to love this place. I've eaten here twice. The staff are fantastic. We had Jabari as our waiter both times and he's excellent. All the staff come in to expedite as needed. The TVs all over are a bit much, but it's a sports bar! And you can escape it with an outside table and hopefully their upstairs won't be so inundated with TVs. They're trying to improve and modify the menu according to costumer response. Food would be great but it's so salty. Way too salty. As in, I have to stop eating it because it's too salty. But I'll keep coming back because I think they will get it right soon.We have patronized each of the several different restaurants that our local "Zea Group" has run in this space during the past nine years.  We just returned from our first visit to "Bayou Burger".
The décor is very nice.  On street parking only is tough in this busy 'hood.
Menu is too complicated and yuppie-fied.   For instance, their regular bun is called a "brioche".  The "hot sausage beef" patty contained no identifiable "beef".   Every item on the burger is extra cost, including the lettuce, pickle, onions, tomato, etc.  Cheese is $1/slice.  Tables are very small & cluttered.  The noise level is very high.
Our waitress, "Justine" was very nice; but over-worked, while other employees stood & chatted.
As several neighborhood burger joints have closed, we had big hopes for "Bayou Burger".  As we pilots say, "No Joy!" 
Also, some of the "loaded" burgers we saw were some 8 or 9" tall, way too big to get into one's mouth.  
As I love cheeseburgers, we eat them out a lot.  Perennial burger favorites are Houston's on St. Charles, Bistro le Citron, & Landry's Lakefront.  "Down the Hatch" & "Charcoal's", nearby are also pretty good, but not consistent. 
Sorry to have to give this negative report !
RickThis is the kind of place that has fun with food and it all tastes delicious! The boar ribs and the chocolate covered bacon were awesome! Plus the mac and cheese wedge topped with debris! OMG YUM!So, after eating at a place just down the street and having a incredibly bad experience we walk into Bayou Burger looking for a beverage. Bobbie saves the day with her smile and service and of course great beverages.  
So in short, the White Russians were spot on, they even sensed the need of doubles. Great job and yes the game was on and the Saints won so all around win here.I've been here a few times. My first experience was a little rough because we (my wife and I) ended up creating a $17 burger. Whoops. While the burger was delicious, it's hard to swallow $17 for a burger. Second time I came here was for happy hour beers with a friend, I didn't eat, my friend did. He had the burger of the day and only spent like $10 for what looked like a great burger. During this visit a very corrigible manager (sorry don't remember is name but he was a larger dude who has a very memorable appearance) came over to us, introduced himself, spoke with us for a while, and then gave us free appetizer coupons. So a month later my friend and I went back for more beers and to watch the LSU football game on one of their 27 million TVs. We also indulged in delicious sliders and a huge plate of nachos. Bayou Burger has warmed its way into my heart and I can't wait to go back for another delicious burger, beers and maybe a desert this time.Our bartender was on the phone talking to his "girlfriend" hiding and making it impossible to order a drink. If I wasn't so consumed with the game on the massive TVs I would have left. Once I ordered a drink, it didn't arrive for another quarter of the game. This bar was the only bar on magazine playing my less than average football team's game on their TVs. Needless to say I will beg The Bulldog next door to play the game next weekend. But it was a good atmosphere!I came in quite excited about the burgers on their menu, because they really looked interesting. When I grabbed a seat, I was quickly approached by a wonderful waitress who asked me what I would like to drink... now this is where it goes sideways, and has nothing to do with the waitress.
As I look up to answer, I'm suddenly assaulted by not a few, but 19 televisions around the room (One of which was 4 flat screens combined to make a big 80+ inch TV). To a normal person, it would have been disconcerting because of the 12 or so different channels with the various flickering and movement. To a person like me with ADHD, this was a nightmare, and I had trouble focusing to even say "water please". There might not have been a spot where there was more than 2 feet between screens, and on two of the walls, not even an inch as they were edge to edge.
You might think that this setup would be ideal for a sports fan, right? wrong! This particular night they had the Arizona vs. Xavier basketball game on three TV's, and the smallest one of them was 3 seconds or so behind the others, and attached to the restaurant sound system. If that wasn't enough, they also had a soccer game on one of the TV's that was frozen, for the full hour or so I was there eating and chatting with my friend. At one point as a joke, we held our hands at about 6 inches off the table, and there was so much light from the flat screens that the house lights didn't even cast a shadow under our hands.
When it came time to order, I was ready to move on from the terribly unfortunate ambiance and pick out a burger. I chose "The Sportsman" with a venison patty, fried egg, bacon jam butter, creole mustard, green tomato, and red onion. Now this sounds like a burger any carnivore can get next to, right? *Steve Harvey looks up to the board* "Show me GOOD BURGER!" ...UHRRRR (red X appears on the screen in this imaginary sequence)
When I ordered "The Sportsman" the waitress said it would be served medium well, a first hint that things were about to go poorly. The burger arrived in a respectable amount of time, but had a small excuse for $2 extra on the sweet potato fries I upsold to. Now lets do some dissection of the food. The bun was alright, nothing great or bad, maybe a bit on the dry side. The green tomato and red onion were raw (not wilted or grilled slightly to open up the flavor) and had no salt or pepper to enhance the flavor. Then came the very dry patty with a fully cooked through and not great quality egg. That was then topped with a kiddy pool's worth of creole mustard, and some not so bacon flavored jam butter. The fries were dry, but thankfully at least seasoned.
For those still keeping track, we are at $14 for a burger that was only good on the menu, plus $2 for fries, so $16 pre-tip. All throughout our waitress continued to be wonderful and refilled water when it got low and was quick to recognize when we were ready for the check. For her efforts, she got the full 20% tip.
I tried hard to rationalize giving Bayou Burger two-stars because of the caliber of the waitress, but in the end could not reward the restaurant for its other fatal failings. I spent the entire meal wishing I had brought a pair of sunglasses to my 9:30pm dinner, and then ate a flavorless burger shellacked with mustard quickly just to be done with it. You could not get me back into Bayou Burger even if it was free, the ambiance and food was just that taxing of an experience.Ommmmmmg ! The juiciest burger from a restaurant that I've had in YEARS!!! This is the Gleason burger w aged white cheddar , arugula , avocado , truffle sauce. WOW!! Not to mention I got a side of the HOMEMADE bbq sauce w FRESH garlic in it ??!! Wowwwww!!!!! You WONT regret this folks!Tried to eat here but we were ignored for 20 minutes then got up and left.  It really wasn't even that busy.By far the best burger on this side of town! Don't let the reviews about the price push you away. I did for a week or so but after coming I realized that at this place you get what you pay for! I will be a regular here! Service and food was amazing so at least give it a shot to blow your mind! It surely did mine.Bean dip, wings, burgers and ice cold beer in a frosty chalice is just perfect! Host and service staff was very friendly.. I will be back! Keep it up!I should've went home and made a ham sandwich.  My burger was overcooked(burnt) and the bacon was overcooked(burnt).Always had great service, but when it's humid and y'all leave the door open, the air conditioning sweats, which means it drips all up and down the bar....into drinks. Not great.