This is one of those places you need to stop by after dinner in the area - especially on Wednesdays when beers are $5 and you can take home the unique glasses. The outdoor patio area is so great, but get there early because it gets super packed.Came as highly recommended from a friend I trust, however I was surprised to find out that the bartender wouldn't let me "taste" a beer before I bought it. I never heard of that in a bar like this (usually bars with lots of craft beers - on draft - let you taste things you never heard of), so I got duped into a $9 beer that just wasn't remotely what I thought I was being recommended... closed my tab and left. I guess I'm just supposed to know what every beer tastes like before walking in the door...  Cool atmosphere though. : /Good beer selection and the bartenders are great about leading you in the right direction when it comes to trying new things. Be careful, though: it is easy to buy an $8-$10 pint.
The patio is cute, which everyone knows really means cozy, which really means small. I know this is a dog friendly establishment (ONLY on the patio), but I could not imagine bringing my dog when the patio is full. There simply would not be enough room. So, if you plan to bring your pooch, plan for the least busy of times.Awesome beer selection and a really cool outdoor seating! They have great flights and some fantastic beersHappily walking along Magazine Street, I suddenly realized my GF was missing.  Turns out she got stuck at a jewelry store 10 blocks back.  So I went into the Bulldog to wait for her to catch up.
Good choice!  Many beers on tap, and many more by the bottle, in addition to the many mixed drinks.  I am not used to drinking this early, so I figured a coffee stout and a chocolate stout would be the best early afternoon drinks.  Yum!
Friendly bartender, but she wouldn't sell me the nice Bulldog - save the animals t-shirt.  The only way to get that shirt, she explained, is to drink 10 pints, then turn the empty pints in for the shirt.  I didn't get the shirt.The Bulldog is a great place to get a beer. Located in a great spot on Magazine Street, you can enjoy the pub-like scene inside, or hang out on the lovely patio and people watch. Fun to watch a game or hang out late night on Wednesdays and keep your pint glasses. They have a great selection of beers and always interesting ones on draft. I'm knocking some starts off because I just haven't had that good of experience with the service and the bartenders. Maybe they don't like college kids or don't like girls, but most of the bartenders that I've interacted with have not been that friendly. I'll keep coming back, but won't be trying to make small talk.Great patio on Magazine street with lots of trees offering shade, just watch out for the bird poop! The patio can get quite crowded on a nice day making it difficult to navigate, but we are all friends here so what the hell. 
HUGE selection of beer! They have a full bar so can make your basic no frills cocktails as well. The happy hour is decent. They also have a great grub menu for when hunger strikes! Did anyone say waffle fries? 
The bathrooms are also clean!My girlfriend and I were looking at the menu in front of the order window behind another person waiting to order. There wasn't anyone behind us but as soon as the person finished ordering, the dude behind the window said to "hurry up of you're ordering food cause I got a lot of food to fry." I was literally waiting for the person ahead of me to step out of the way. Jeez. Then I ordered an appetizer first. I received an annoyed, somewhat mocking reply: "It's all coming out at the same time because we're really behind." I'm sorry but anyone who is going to talk to their patrons so rudely and unprofessionally does not deserve my money. We walked out, so I can't speak for the food, but it was one of the worst service experiences I've had and we'd only been in the place for a minute-- the service at Amici was far more welcoming.Awesome place. Went Wednesday and it was super busy. They had a deal where if you ordered a pint of beer you got to keep the glass. Loved the atmosphere. Bartenders were fabulous, especially Olin.Great bar with cold beer and an awesome patio. Staff is the friendliest is the city. A can't miss when visiting New Orleans.Great beer selection, both draft and bottle. I love trying out local brews when i visit a new city, and this place has plenty to offer. Prices are very affordable compared to other places in NOLA (like the $8 bud light i bought in the french quarter). The outdoor seating is abundant and very nice. Cool fountain and heaters for when it's chilly.Everything was just OK, but then I was treated rudely and condescended to by a bartender. I waited a couple days to post this review because I was so angry. I will never go back because of you. I don't know your name, but you are listed as BAR200 on the receipt. You know who you are. You do not need to be working in a customer service role. No telling how many other customers feel the same way I do. You made an otherwise pleasant evening into a mess.
6/15/2016 - OK, I was expecting someone at this establishment to care about my negative experience, and to respond to my concerns. Apparently not...
Changed to 1 star.
6/20/2016 - I did receive a private message from the owner and a manager. It appears that someone does care..I detailed my experience. If it were my business, I would want to know about it.
Changed back to 2 starsSolid beer selection, TVs for the sports people, pretty good bar food.  
Outdoors is dog friendly and has heaters for the colder days.Dogs at a bar? That's really cool right? Yes. If you disagree you are a communist. Good selection of beer. Good location on Magazine. Good Patio for chilling out. Decent bar food.Stopped in here with a group of people which turned out to be a great choice as we basically took over the spacious patio area and had a great time. The bar staff was very welcoming and handled out group quite easily even though we more than doubled the amount of customers at the time. I can see this being a really great place to just hang out and have a few drinks from time to time. Great decor and chill atmosphere.Stumbled into the Bulldog after walking around Magazine St. We were very hungry and we both ordered burgers and waffle fries. Maybe it was because we were so hungry, but these burgers were outstanding. The fries were very tasty. Great atmosphere and good service. Place was busy and it seemed like a local hangout. We will definitely return on our next trip. Very large selection of beer.Keep your pint glass on Wednesday nights is pure genius, especially with all the different designs that Bulldog puts on their pint glasses. You are definitely tempted to drink more and see which design the bartender bestows upon you next. The selection of drafts to choose from is pretty impressive, so it further encourages you to drink more beer and get more glasses. It's a pretty good deal too since my Abita Amber was $4 and the pint glass alone is $4 on any other night. The next great idea after this is starting a support group for people who are obsessed with collecting Bulldog pint glasses.
My friends and I had a great time at The Bulldog. We met some fun people, and really enjoyed playing Buzzline Trivia. My friends even scored high enough one round to place nationally... their moms would've been so proud. It's a busy crowd on Wednesday night, but coming from NYC that's expected at any worthwhile bar. I'll be back to collect some more glasses for sure!I am giving this establishment four stars based on bar service and beer choices! Let's just say, you don't come to bulldog for an great meal. It is considered bar food. The cheese fries resemble something close to glue and sandwiches such as the buffalo and mahi mahi come out tactless. But don't let the food stop you from coming here and having a great time. Outdoor seating is awesome with an on tap fountain inside cool and sometimes gets crowded and staff is super friendly!Fantastic craft beer menu in a great part of town. It was nice to get away from the craziness of the French Quarter. They had 2014 KBS on tap and a lot of other good drafts and bottles. The food is meh (wings, fingers, etc.) from a hole cut into the wall. You have to order it yourself and pay for it on your tab. The guy insisted that the bartenders don't share tips with them so ended up tipping twice. However, the star was the beer. After Avenue Pub, this is my choice for craft beers in NOLA.This is my favorite place to hang out in New Orleans after the first crisp wind of Fall comes rolling in, or the first chirps of Springtime. The Bulldog offers a comfortable patio, nice grub, and an exceptional selection of brews. 
When the seafood market across Magazine Street is open, you can walk down and order a big bag of boiled crawfish, boiled shrimp, boiled crabs, or whatever is in season, then you can head back to the patio at the Dog and hang out with your friends and your furry friends. Nothing better than that!My wife and I have been eying this place for months following our move here.  We like how inviting the patio area was and the beer and food selection.  When we moved here, my wife was several months pregnant so we decided to put it off and visit once the little one arrived.  We wanted this to be our first family restaurant outing at the patio.  Unfortunately even though there was ample outdoor patio seating, we were refused as patrons because the Bulldog apparently has a no baby policy--even at the outdoor patio area along the noisy Magazine street at 1pm on a Friday afternoon.  i totally understand wanting to keep up your ambiance as a "hip" pub, but I have to say that's pretty douchey of this establishment to ostracize those with little ones wanting to sit outside along a noisy road. Especially newborns that sleep all the time anyways.Tons of beers on tap.  Also, pretty solid late-night food.  My roommates and I are still pretty much exclusively using bulldog pint glasses even though I haven't lived in New Orleans for 3+ years. 
Favorites are: Wednesday night, you get to keep your pint glassesI thought this place a cool bar with a good beer selection on draft.  The vibe was cool and it wasn't all divey with a bunch of old drunks, it had lots of young drunks in here too ;)
The beers were cold and the service was good; I would definitely go back for a drink or two.  I recommend this place and think you should have a drink here; sorry I cannot recommend the food because I didn't eat anything other than hops.Four stars cause it is what it is. Beer garden with outdoor seating and a ton of beers on tap. It's a beer room made of wood, so there's that sunken in can never get the beer out of the floors vibe.
Food is... Middle of the road. Basic bar stuff, but good. I ordered a supreme bbq chicken, and an extra chicken breast on the side for my dog. (3.99 and huge) we got sweet potato fries ala carte. Lil overdone but hit the spot.
The guy who cooked my food was so funny and salty I loved him. You order at the window, separate from the beer bar.
Took my dog here as a stop on our daily bike ride and she can hang on the patio, there's plenty of water for them out.
Any place that allows dogs is automatically gonna get an added star. Being able to take her with me and run errands and eat lunch is everything. 
Pretty decent beers. College type beertenders who are knowledgable enough and definitely nice. 
It's the bulldog. It's not going anywhere.
Wednesday night is pint night where you get to keep one, or donate it back and they'll put money towards animal rescue.
Yes indeed.The Bulldog is great if you're a beer fan - I'm not, but it's still pretty great. You can bring your dog to the patio and they have water bowls for them. It's a nice place to sit outside in the fall or spring.
They have pretty good food, too. I always get the mushroom burger with swiss cheese and it's very tasty. The people who work there are cool and attentive. It can get crowded at night, especially on weekends, but the bottom line is that if you're hungry, thirsty, and wanna chill with your pooch on a patio, go to the Bulldog.Awesome for Wensday nights ! I have a cabniet of just Bulldog pint glasses ! and im not going to stop anytime soon !!!!Went on a Thursday night chill crowd not to packed the perfected amount. Sat down inside ordered a few beers with friends. Ordered a side of the small waffle fries( should have gotten a large they were delicious). The bull dog is always a fun place to be. Especially Wednesday if your into collecting their pint glasses. Although it can get a little crowed so get there early.Not bad. Big beer selection. Some great stuff. More common good stuff. Beer lovers place. Beer snobs, not so much. Would be alot better if it were smoke-free. Outdoor patio is great. Staff was pretty attentive.They have a huge courtyard/patio. On Wednesdays, you can keep your pint glasses (if you remember). They're dog friendly. Great beer selection. The Tulane/Loyola crowd loves this place. Amazing cheese fries. And so on and so forth. 
Although I could definitely use some new pint glasses, I loathe going here on Wednesday nights because it gets SO packed (and, evidently, in my old age I've become one of those people who hates crowds). Generally, I try to avoid this place if possible. Don't get me wrong, it's a great bar, but for whatever reason I've never been in love with the place. What can I say?
The Bulldog on Canal Street is far superior to the Magazine Street location. It can get crowded, but never quite as obnoxiously so as the Uptown location. Also, the courtyard at the Mid-City Bulldog is pretty spectacular AND there's a TV outside so you can watch Saints games while also enjoying the fabulous fall weather. But I suppose I should really be telling you this via a review of the other Bulldog. Oh well. That's what copy and paste is for!The Bulldog patterned itself as my perennial first stop when I'm in my favorite city. The beer selection is out of this world (and will be when  possible.) I appreciate the chance to sample the brews before committing to a $5 pint. We've all been stuck with an extra stout that just won't go down now haven't we? The staff is quick to take orders though I wouldn't mind if they were a tad more conversational during non peak hours (don't you judge me.)  
I could, and have, spent many an afternoon watching football here and it does get extremely crowded, i.e. standing room only, so arrive early because indoor seating is limited.  
If you love beer, dogs, and beer, The Bulldog is for you!If you want to be judged for not loving craft beer or disliking social norms of daily society this is your place!
But, if you don't love 700 calorie "heady crafts" you should probably go elsewhere. 
With a rude staff and terrible food I love bringing my friends who live out of town here!! 
All that being said, place probably rakes in cash. Good for them.Beer fan?  Where are you???  Come here beer fan!  My GOD this bar has LOADS of beer on tap to keep you satisfied.  If your're a beer fan and have been here and don't like it.   Um, there's something wrong with your brain :)  I like beer, but am the kind of person who drinks one and I am full.  :)  ( I"m a wine advisor...whatever)  So, I like the crowd that comes in here, and I love the area.  I miss this area.  I do.  I lived off magazine st before Katrina.  LOVE magazine st.  But this is about the dog.  Good food, great beer, cool people.  xoI go to The Bulldog quite a bit.  Being a an of beer and always looking for new beers to try this is one of my go to places here in town.
The outdoor patio can get pretty congested during peak hours, but people are normally pretty friendly and you can find a place to squeeze in.
I wouldn't recommend going on Wednesday night (Pint Night) if you don't like being around the college crowd.  It's pretty cool because you get to take your glass home with you, I have a number of them all with pretty cool sayings.
The fact that I can bring my dog makes it even better.The Bulldog is one of my favorite places in the city and I have been going here for years.  As a girl who likes good beer, The Bulldog has a fantastic selection of both bottle and draft.  If you can think it up, it is pretty much a guarantee that this place has it.
I prefer this location over the one on Canal because it's smaller and has a more intimate feel.  I know that this might put some people off, but I love it.  It makes mingling a lot easier, and you meet new friends when you share a table with someone.
The bartenders are always attentive and go out of their way to accommodate me, even if they are busy.  Don't hesitate to ask for a sample of a new draft before you pay $5 for a pint.  They are also quick to give a good recommendation on something you might like, if you tell them what your "regular" is, and you are in the mood to experiment.
Big screens above the bar make it great for game days.  Get here early for Saints games or major sports events, because the place gets packed!
The food is good and cooked to order.  My fave is the Abita burger.   What I think I love most is that the patio is heated during cold months, so if you are one of those people who is more comfortable sitting outside, you can still have a good time.  Oh, and dogs are welcome on the patio!Large Selection of beers. Pretty cool. Came during mardi gras. Was served promptly and the bartenders were nice. We got there too late to try the kitchen. Try a beer flight- they have many to chose from.Cool courtyard, lots of beers. They ran out of the mooo moo beer that I wanted to try. That was as sad. There is a cool vibe here and they play hip hop so I like that.*sigh* I recently reviewed a beer joint in my current town and it made me reminiscent of all of the good times I've had at the Bulldog. Honestly guys, you don't know how lucky you are to have not one, but two of these joints in your city, don't take it for granted.
Sure now that I live in Miami, I have places that have 118 beers on tab but are ridiculously overrated, give me the classic 30 draft selection from the Bulldog any day and I'll be a happy camper. Just enough of a selection to make a difference, but small enough to hit the comfort zone. Talking about comfortable, I dream about  the chilly afternoons at the outdoor terrace, when they would turn on the fire pit and you could sit with your buddies enjoying the amazing weather and beer. And what about spring time? when you could grab a couple of lbs. of crawfish from Fishermans' across the street and bring them over to share them with friends over a pitcher of Abita Amber?
And if all this wasn't heart breaking enough, how about their weekly specials?? My favorite was $4 pint night on Wednesdays, when you could take those awesome glasses home. I had a sturdy collection in my apartments' kitchen. It broke my heart having to sell them back before moving, but I couldn't take them out of the town, those glasses belonged to New Orleanians. 
And wait...those wedges!!! with cheese, when  you are drunk they are the closest thing to heaven, almost as good as their tex-mex rolls with the kickass creole mayonnaise!!! AAHHHH
Seriously guys, if I still lived there, I'd be there every day...I love the staff there, a bunch of free-spirits and artist (but who isn't in New Orleans really)...go grab a beer in my honor, I'll be there in spirit.If you looked in my kitchen cabinets right after college, you would've found an array of amusing and entertaining pint glasses from the Bulldog. Alas, 4 years later, I'm down to about 4 and everyone is a reminder of some night I don't remember...but it was probably a Wednesday (keep your pint glass night) and I drank a lot of beer. It was awesome. The Bulldog is one of the few bars in NOLA that actually checked Id's before serving you...shocking. I know. Kept the underclassmen out though. Good times.Great service and selection of beer.  Think rainy Sunday, beer, and cards... great place!Thank god for NoLa natives, cause with this many bars in one city, it takes a seasoned veteran to tell you the best places to meet your tolerance limit. 
Three words: Beer Tap Fountain. 
Yes, a fountain spewing forth glorious liquid (sorry alchies, it's just water for this one), out of an uncountable number of taps atop a brick wall on the patio. Lets just say, the beer gods would be proud. Bow down and pray, you unworthy souls!
The Bulldog represents one of those bars you go to at the far end of your night when you're not necessarily looking for any experience more than a damn good nightcap (and a beer fountain, DUH). A decent dive on the interior, the ambiance changes immediately as you move out to the patio and soak up the a) humidity, b) social scene and c) say it with me now, fountain-o-beer (taps). They maintain their reputation with an extensive list, including two kinds of Shiner Bock (+2 stars!) and Leffe (one more star!). I have no idea what the food is like, but again, I wouldn't see myself coming here at any point other than one where I simply needed liquor.
The last and final star goes to the announcement at the end of the night that it was "take home your glass night." Say wha? Yup - every Wednesday night you keep your pint glass - and then you collect all the others so that your entire apartment is nothing but pint glasses from The Bulldog. Best-promotion-ever. Needless to say, free souvenirs and damn good ones at that!
Thanks, Bulldog, for knowing I'm poor and greedy. And thanks to you, full of kickass beer.Walked here after the Garden district tour and lunch at Commanders Palace.  Great bar!  Tons of beer to choose from and the smells coming out of the little kitchen were great.  Later read that the bar food was highly rated, wish I ordered something.   So many beers, such a beat up liver. 
Dog friendly too.Highly unimpressed. There is no service (you have to order everything at the window and get it yourself), everything was overcooked, and everything was WAY overpriced. We all ordered burgers which we ordered medium rare to medium. They all came out well done and tasteless. $11 for EACH hamburger and they didn't come with anything. You can't even get waited on here. Not sure why the food is overpriced when they don't have to pay servers or hosts and it's not high quality ingredients. The only plus is that there is a pet-friendly outdoor patio.Horrible. Crawfish banditos dropped in oil while frozen. Cold in the middle. Sent em back and got the same thing. More than half the beers taps were out. The beer that was on tap was warm. The gal behind the bar explained that they didn't have C02, which is why beer wasn't cold. Uh, what? Same gal asked for a credit card to hold until we paid. She ran card without our permission (we wanted to pay cash). Had to get Manager to credit card, which was so frustrating we just went with the card.  Overheard cook tell another customer they no longer served ground beef, yet they have a bunch of burgers on the menu. Don't even want to know what that's about.Good place for an afternoon drink if you enjoy beer.  Amazing selection! I ordered a flight of local beers for $6, hubby ordered the boot, both were pretty good.  Nice to hang before it got too crowded.  Comfortable for a couple of older than college age folks!Just crappy service...after we got our beers...we had to do everything else ourself. Our appetizer came w out with our meal and one sandwich wasnt even ready when everything else was. Restaurant prices...mcdonalds sevice and its still just a bar with out door seating.
This is just a bar.Good, basic beer bar with a great atmosphere.  Really good beer selection, food is pretty basic.  The best part about this bar is the shaded outside patio area.  Dog friendly, right on the street, and lots of shade. Great place to kick back for a few good beers on an afternoon.We've all been to this type of place: lots of beer on tap, electronic trivia, some scorecard to prove you can drink massive amount of beers from 'round the world and spend $$$ there to do so. There's a patio, a complicated system to order food, and it appears to be popular. The staff has its charm, but you kinda have to dig to find it if it's busy.
So, here's my likes...um...it's not far from home.
Dislikes: bar food is quite ordinary, and I was sad to be sober while eating my burger. I'm sure it would have been fantastic if I were drunk. Bartender didn't know how to make a vodka gimlet. Went outside to get a break from the smoking. It happened to be raining outside, and the owner decides the protective tarp should be no longer be protective to said patrons.  So, back into the smoky bar...
The deal-breaker: if paying with plastic, an automatic 18% will be added to your tab, regardless of the size of your party.  I'm sure I'll find a place to love down here, but the search is still onward and upward.It's obvious the guy who owns this place is doing well. 
The attitude we got when encountering the help was that we were just lucky to be there. 
Bartender requested pymt before he even served our drinks.
You order your sandwich from a limited menu, then the guy in the window was out of the  first three things we ordered. They do get busy with 20 somethings. Apparent that they support.the place. Luckily there are several  other places up and down the street.Absolutely appalling service.  It was the champions league final and they refused to play the sound of the game, despite the entire bar being full of soccer fans.  When asked why, the male bartender responded that he didn't like soccer and that he doesn't think it's a real sport.  He told me to find a bartender who cares.  I'm sorry but 50 customers are buying beers from you BECAUSE of the game.  I suggest after counting his tips that night he bow down and show some respect for the sport that brought his customers there.The staff was incredibly rude. Starting with the food pick up window the cook say "don't break yourself" when I walked away to get change for a tip. I still went back to tip but bad and rude to say. 
When I asked the female bartender what beer she would recommend from the dozens they offer so she slaps a menu on the bar and says "there's a menu"..... Any decent bartender would have offered a recommendation.... Rude service.awesome spot on magazine street.  if you consider yourself a beer connoisseur: 1) do not talk to me and 2) you'll probably fall in love with this place.  they told me they clean the tap lines "once a week" which is 52 times a year more than your average bar.  clean taplines = better taste and it also indicates an establishment that stands behind the quality of what they sell.  they have some sort of "drink yourself into oblivion club" and a small window for food service(this might be only for late-night food versus a full menu during normal hours) with adequate bar food - lots of fried objects.  
my favorite feature are the picnic tables stacked up on the sidewalk out front so you can drink pitchers of beer on hot and muggy spring|summer|fall nights.  never a better feeling than loading up with a few pitchers and then walking out the front door.   good people watching and, depending on the night, a boisterous college crowd makes for a solid blackout night on a weekday.  plus, they let you keep the pint glasses on certain nights.  sadly, my pint glass provides tips for visitors one of which reads: "if the levee breaks, everyone will die.  no one seems worried about this problem either."  i suppose it is a testament to the will of the people of NO, nothing is a problem if you have enough cold beer.
JCTSFR: 1.08This place is one of my favorites in nola. The draft selection is great, the people that go there are nice and friendly. Wednesdays are the best, and you get to keep your pint glasses which always have different cool designs. The best place to sit is in the patio. Dogs are welcome :)Beer selection good and patio is lovely. Service was borderline rude, food was straight out of a bag and a freezer at Costco. Worth it for a drink, but definitely one of the few places we've found around here where you can get a truly lousy meal.Dustin was full of beer knowledge and very helpful. Lots of great beer on tap and great conversation to be had at the bar.a pretty average bar environment... with loud folks and smokey air... but, the beer list is definitely worth a trip!  i didn't get a chance to try the food though...I really love this place but I came here on Wednesday to watch hockey and all of a sudden the bartenders starting trash talking the sport to the customer right next to me. Completely unnecessary. Otherwise.....Beer selection is great. But god forbid you want to watch something other than football or basketball, don't bother.Great spot. On hopping Magazine Street, The Bulldog offers a countless and varied beer selection and a pretty fantastic outdoor patio (equipped with heat lamps for those chilly 65 degree NOLA nights -- you spoiled jerks!). 
Nothing quite like sipping some delicious Paulaner on tap, perfectly poured, while checking out a bad ass water fountain made of all of Bulldog's draft options. 
Oh, did I mention they have James Boag's? They have James Boag's. First round on me!Great beer selection. The buffalo chicken sandwich is incredibly good with the jalapeño cheddar bread. Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it's all self serve and you have to go to two different counters to order food and drink. Aside from that it's a good spot.We have visited this bar many times, the beer, location and decor are great. However, the last time we went, the bartender was EXTREMELY rude. I don't think you should feel like you are bothering the bartender when you want to order a drink. I was not the only person in my large party that felt that way. Food is Meh.Recently moved to NYC - and so miss Friday nights at the Bulldog! A least I have a number of Bulldog glasses to remind me of the great times.I really like the bulldog and I drink there all the time. Staff is always very friendly and accommodating.Great place for good beer, staff is friendly and knows what they are doing, I would recommend this bar to anyone visiting New Orleans or living here.This is my absolute favorite hangout in NOLA! I HATE beer and I found an amazing one here at The Bulldog! It's a Red Woody and I highly reccomend it!! 
The food is off the wall amazing! The cuban wrap and Porter fries are the most amazing thing on earth!! YUM!The beer is good, but I've had better selection down the street at avenue pub. Te bartenders are not the best. They are not the typical jive New Orleans people.Poor customer service. The guy bartender acted like it was an inconvenience for me to ask questions about the beer. On the plus there were plenty of beer options but it was like pulling teeth to try to get him to serve me. I had one beer and left. Disappointing.In general, I'm a big fan of the Bulldog. I love the extensive beer selection and the outdoor patio that's dog friendly. 
My three-star rating is a reflection of the outdated menu they have. I ordered the "California fire-grilled chicken" which says it has this raspberry vinaigrette dressing that my boyfriend completely hyped up for me and then... womp, womp, womp... no dressing. I even went back to the ordering window to ask and they simply replied that they don't use it anymore (dismissive shrug).  
UUGGHH. I would've ordered something else had I known.
My first bite of the sandwich sans vinaigrette was tasty. And then it just got more and more bland as I proceeded. Mind you, I still polished off that sandwich like nobody's business but I left unsatisfied and kept thinking what huge waste of calories that was! 
I'll be doubly annoyed when I have to the hit the treadmill to burn off those worthless calories. 
My cohorts also got the pulled-pork sandwich and crawfish banditos that they devoured and proclaimed delicious. However, they're boys who eat indiscriminately so I dunno how much I believe them. Bitter much?Wednesday Pint-Night is an all day affair. When you order a draft beer, you get to keep the pint glass. I enjoyed the weekly Wednesday happy hour and now my kitchen is outfitted with Bulldog Pints. 
The reason I gave three stars to the Bulldog is because of the food. The food is tasty bar food, and they have a wide variety of bar food. When I would come for happy hour, naturally, I wanted to eat dinner, but there were hardly any healthy options. This left me looking for other happy hours that served a different genre of food.The bar is so cool. Lots of options for beer lovers. The bartenders are just so very unpleasant.. Like most of them..Stumbling into the Bulldog was quite honestly driven by the appeal of their outdoor beer garden. After purchasing your beer at the bar the outdoor space is perfect when the weather is nice. I noticed many bars in the area have invested in well adapted outdoor TVs which I predict are prefect for big sporting events. The tap handle fountain is a nice touch and adds to the ambiance while enjoying a brew. For the most part I learned that New Orleans does not host many whales or high rated/ highly sought after beers but this was one of the better selections in our journey. Craft beer in my opinion is going through a second revolution where there are many breweries that are now standing far above what has always been considered "craft". Many I had this week were perfect for the situation but nothing mind blowing except for the Juicifer I had here. I am self admittedly riding the haze train craze hard and it was exciting to see if offered on draft here. I never want a beer to overpower the existence of a gathering but sometimes I can't help but geek out on the high quality stuff. Overall though a really fun bar and excellent spot to enjoy a pint with new or old friends.The food at the Bulldog is really decent. It's great bar food with awesome New Orleans flair. Although I've never experienced the atmosphere, since we usually order take out, it looks like an awesome little british style pub.
That being said, their phone service is horrendous. They offer takeout, but don't want to provide it. Every time that we have ordered over the phone the gentleman who answers is rude, impossible to work with, and flat out nasty at times. Our last experience was the worst. 
During the Saints game our guests decided they would like to get some burgers. We suggested the Bulldog, since we really do enjoy the food. We had 6 orders to place. Your basic burger orders (medium rare, cheddar and bacon, may and lettuce), some crawfish banditos and wings. Nothing special or strange for their menu. The man on the phone literally complained to us as to how long it was going to take. "Do you know how long this is going to take!? We're really busy here!" After suggesting that we could take our business elsewhere, he begrudgingly took our order. He was rude, asked us to repeat ourselves constantly and continued to make comments about how long it would take. 
After placing our $100 order he informed us that it would take about 45 minutes to be ready. That's not even an insane waiting time! 
Overall, our experience today will probably stop us from ordering their food ever again. It was shocking and somewhat disturbing that an employee would complain about a customer placing an order. We are very displeased and hate that we won't be able to enjoy the food anymore. Whoever this gentleman on the phone is needs a discussion about customer service and loyalty to your job. Or maybe he just needs the boot, because The Bulldog just lost customers.Great beer garden, decent bar food (burgers, fries, chx sandwiches), knowledgeable barkeeps.Love going Thursday nights with my husband and dog!I always have fun here. They have a really great beer selection. The patio is awesome, unless its insanely packed, which is most of the time. Great for chillin out with friends on a nice breezy night. 
The bartenders and not nice at all. Especially one guy! Always gives me attitude. Sorry you hate your job so much! 
I hear the bar food here is pretty awesome, but never have had it. Pint night on Wednesday is great. They let you keep all of your glasses!I went there last night for a friends birthday, and had a great time. Tons of beers on tap, and super friendly bartenders. Sarah and Roy were especially great and made the night. Definitely recommend everyone to go!I often fantasize about frolicking through a fountain of Abita. The Bulldog is the closest I can come to that, since they have a fountain and the water comes out of Abita taps. This joint is the epitome of Nola dive bars; dark, cheap, and with an insane collection of beers.
My love affair with The Bulldog started many years ago, when I often, er, borrowed their hilarious pint glasses, which had the bars logo and hilarious sayings/facts about New Orleans. Now I am older, wiser, and can afford my own cups, and I just go to enjoy a cheap pitcher. In fact, when my roommate and I flew in to Nola, we took a cab from the airport directly to The Bulldog, suitcases and all. We sat outside, enjoyed the sun and a few Abitas, and waited for our friends to get out of work. Can't think of a better place to kill an afternoon.This place gets 5 stars for the insane double Bloody Mary's they serve on Sunday's for $3.50!!! Incredible. So good, great flavor and fun accompaniments such as the olives and spicy green beans (dilly beans). This place is a hole in the wall but the honey hole for cheap, strong drinks!A nice sunny weekend afternoon puts me in the mood for the Bulldog patio. Unfortunately, it puts everyone else Uptown in that same mood. Yes, the Bulldog has a good selection of beers on tap, cool tap fountain on the patio, pretty decent food, and is in close proximity to crawfish (Big Fisherman) that you can eat on the patio. However, I think the inside is pretty bleak. It's always dark, usually kind of crowded, and the bartenders are not the friendliest in the world. My advice is to come to the Bulldog on a nice afternoon during the week- not a Wednesday! Grab a pitcher (limiting your trips to the bleakness inside) and hopefully you and your companions can find a table in a corner of the patio (and not at the picnic table). Enjoy your beers and food in the warm sun before the rush occurs at night and go home happy.We stopped here because Slim Goodie's down the street had a small fire and was closed unexpectedly.  Burgers were good, and waffle fries with cheese are hard to beat, but it was a complicated process and took forever to place the order, and the guys in the kitchen were kind of...not quite rude, so let's say abrupt.  And they forgot one of our items.  The crawfish banditos were only so-so. 
The beer selection was impressive, and the prices for pints seemed really reasonable.  The bartenders were polite, but I never got asked once if I wanted a refill on my diet Coke.  OK, it's not a money-maker, but even if I'm not drinking alcohol at the bar, it's plainly evident I just spent over $50 on food, and $2.25 for 16 oz of soda. Is one refill too much to ask?
The place was crowded on Monday afternoon, and it can get tight sitting at the bar--lots of personal space invasion.  It's also loud inside.  Very.  The patio was packed, and they do have a very cool fountain made of beer taps outside.Love this place! Great beer selection. Cool patio. Great bartenders, especially Erica!Drink prices weren't too bad. Really loud inside. I didn't order any of the food. 
Outside, it's a nice place to sit and talk. That draft fountain is pretty cool. The tables are super close to each other. There are a lot of tables though. It's nice that someone comes around and clears the tables of empty cups. I will probably return if I'm looking for a place to just hang out.