This bar has a great selection of bottled and draft beer. If you're a cider lover to a darker beer lover, they have something for everyone. I enjoyed the crawfish banditos. 
They were flavorful, crispy and cheesy. 
My friend had a chicken Caesar salad. It was a nice big portion. I usually like waffle fries. I felt like their fries were fried a little too much. The bar was quiet on the night that I went. It was pretty cozy though.I don't drink, but I came here with my boyfriend and our friend so they could try some different beers and we could all hang out and it was awesome!
There were pictures of dogs everywhere [I'm a dog lover], nice big tvs, lots of seating with long tables so if you wanted to, you could pull up a bunch of stools and have a big group of friends sit with you.
They're famous for their huge selection of beer on tap, but they've got other stuff too. I was actually stoked to get a bottle of Abita root beer! Loved it.
They also have a huge menu full of great food! We got a ton of chips and salsa and queso, I think their queso was more of a nacho cheese though. Still good regardless.
It wasn't crowded at all, but it wasn't empty. I had a lot of fun there, and I usually hate the bar experience. I'd love to go back. :]This is a regular stop for me. Great atmosphere, and of course great draft selection. 
I love the patio!The Bulldog has the best atmosphere of any pun in New Orleans, hands down. Incredibly comfortable, nice dark woods, benches, booths, tables, long bar and excellent beer garden. A superior beer selection to be sure and a full bar should you be leaning towards cocktails. The problem is they are simply over priced, and badly so. Their prices are near Bourbon street prices. Your in Mid city guys, this is a neighborhood pub, why oh why are you charging so much? Basically this is a fine cocktail bar for beers. So I'm all over the BUlldog when I want to impress out of towners and dates, but no way will I ever go just to go. Its too bad, because I love the environment, but the bulldog is ferocious on my wallet. find me down the road at the Bayou Beer Garden, same beers at way more affordable prices.There is no better place to be in Mid City on a Wednesday evening.  They have a great selection of beer on tap, a very social patio, and better than average bar food.  I had a "Premium Chicken Sandwich" that made me want to finish every bite.  I also had their Chips and Salsa that I couldn't put down.  The salsa is extra spicy which is perfect for my palette.  The few strategically placed flat screens help you keep an eye on the score while you talk away the night.
Invite your friends and enjoy the scene.Tonight I was feeling restless and decided I just could stand being home anymore and I decided to land here...it was a great decision. It was a Sunday night so the crowd was perfectly low key. The bartender was a solid guy made great recommendations...tried a pretty tasty champagne beer (?) my description may not be accurate. It was definitely a guy's bar but the vibe was so chill. I'll def be back...tonight I just remembered why I always liked this place.Great place to hang with friends and have a drink, or watch the game. The drinks were pretty good and reasonably priced. This location is ALOT bigger than the one uptown. and you can bring the pups. :-)FAVORITE BAR! This place is my favorite bar for having a couple beers with friends. The selection is more diverse than John Mayer's sexual past and definitely more delicious. Go on Wednesday and take home a glass, its how I furnished my kitchen cabinets.This is very similar in many ways yet completely different to the Magazine Bulldog.  They have the great tasting selection of 50 draft beers (some of the drafts are different than at the Magazine location) and many more in bottles.  They have a much larger patio and more space inside.  The food menu is identical but the kitchen is much larger (and the cook looks much happier than the super cramped and hot guy suffering in the Magazine location's micro-kitchen).  They have even recently been doing different types of specials at this location and the one on Magazine so they have developed very different personalities.  Mid-City Bulldog generally seems to draw an older crowd on average but with the typical New Orleans mix of all ages thrown in all the time for good measure.  They have much more comfortable seating here and the bathrooms generally seem to be much cleaner than the Uptown location.  The parking lot does often fill up and getting out of the area can be a bit crazy when big events like Jazz Fest and Voodoo Fest are going on.  I still have a preference for the Uptown location as it is just much closer to my house but if I'm in the area I will certainly stop in.Great atmosphere. Great beer.  Great service.
I recently went here to have a few beers and finish off a weekend that had not been the best.  I hadn't been to the bar in a few years because I live much closer to their sister location in the Irish Channel, but I've certainly vowed to go back much more often.  We were immediately greeted by a very friendly bartender who helped us choose our beer based on what we were looking for.  He was knowledgable about everything we asked about on the menu and didn't seem at all put off by  us being beer novices.  Additionally, the GM was there and stayed for a while to have a friendly chat.
All in all, I loved the chill atmosphere and the drinks, and we had the crawfish banditos (which were to die for).  The crowd also is more grown up than the Irish Channel location, which was a welcome change.  This is an awesome local spot that I cannot wait to visit again.I have been coming here often for years. Love this bar! It is always fun with a date or with a group of friends. The seating area in the back outdoor patio is nice on a cool night. They have a large selection of beers on tap. The food and the service is top-notch as well. I suggest going for their trivia night. It's always a good time.Great bartenders. Love the outside patio. Went here to watch a football game. I had the Optimator burger and my husband had the Delirium Mushroom Jack burger. Great selection of beer, just a cool overall hangout.TRUST FUND KIDS! 
  After an amazing few nights in New Orleans we happened upon this bar. The bar is the only frat filled haven we encountered. I'm from Miami and these kids were just a bunch of trust fund baby's. 
  My brothers and I were just having a drink when we were hazed by a frat boy and a bartender who for some reason was drinking with them on the job and then threatened to kick us out after I muttered under breath "it's ok, just a frat boy, no worries". 
  There's definitely a lot of other places to go spend your money and have a blast.  If Jersey Shore does a reunion in New Orleans we all know they'll be at this place every night.I love to stop in whenever I'm in town.  Fun and chill atmosphere. Perfect combo of Beer and Bar.The Bulldog is a frequent hangout spot for a number of my classmates and i. We love to come on tuesdays at 8 for trivia night. They have a wide variety of beers on tap and are always promoting some home brewed goodness. I haven't personally experienced their food but my friends give it high marks.Sometimes the music inside is too loud and the patio is meanwhile a mix of smoke, heat and haze.
Sometimes you struggle to get the attention of a bartender who is lost in a swarm of younger, more attractive customers.
And yet, this is the greatest beer bar around. Before I loved beer, I loved the Bulldog in Mid-City. The place redefines "chill" and has about 40-50 beers on draught, as well as a passel of bottle options.
You can even get a simple bar meal or watch a game on one of the TVs. Come and relax with friends. You will feel right at home here.Came to The Bulldog last night for trivia and had a lot of fun! This is a great bar with a good selection of beers, and they attract a big crowd on trivia nights.
They have about 50 beers on tap, and as a non-local, it was fun to try a couple different Abita beers. I'm giving The Bulldog four stars instead of five because I didn't get to try the food -- they were super backlogged in the kitchen, and the first time I tried to order, they said there was an hour wait, and the second time I went up (about 15 minutes later, deciding I was hungry enough to put up with the hour-long wait), they said they were so backlogged that they weren't taking any more orders. Menu had some good options, so that was a bummer.
This location has a lot of seating -- two large rooms as well as an outdoor patio -- so it's a great place to go with groups. The room with the bar was totally packed for trivia (18 teams the night we played!). The trivia itself was tricky, but go with fun people and you'll have a good time.I love the Bulldog, because of their vast beer selection and pretty good food.
The Bulldog mid city is not my regular "home base", but it does have it's high points.  It's bigger than the Uptown location, which I know that some people would prefer.  It's much better for bigger groups, because if you have a big group at the other Bulldog, you pretty much have to either get there early and get a table or sit on the patio.
This Bulldog has a really nice patio area.  I like the way it's decorated with the lanterns and the lights.  This venue has more of a "lounge" feel to it.  It's definitely a different vibe than the other one.
I'm giving it 4 stars, only because my personal preference is a place that is a little more intimate, but that's just personal opinion.Went in today for lunch with my Dad. The lunch shift was completely rude to both of us. First thing when I walk in she asks for my ID which I can understand but I stand at the bar (which by the way was not busy) and she continues to socialize with her coworker. No service at all is what I have to say. Will NOT be coming back.Excellent service all around. There was no wait at the bar for my beer. It rained that day and the staff had cleaned the water off of the outside tables so we could sit outside.  
The food is always good. I love the crawfish banditos. They melt in your mouth. The chicken quesadillas were flavorful. 
I love their draft beer selection.This place has a really amazing selection of craft beers, both on tap and in bottles. Stone, Greenflash, Mekkeller, Firestone, Brooklyn, Victory... and probably many more that I can't remember are all on tap! If you love beer you must, MUST, come check it out. 
Don't go to the other location, they cater to a college crowd and have an entirely different tap list.I'm not quite sure why I'm not here right NOW... Oh wait probably because I'm working, but if I wasn't and since its a gorgeous Friday I would out on the patio right now! Wednesday's are by far the best night to go so you can keep the glasses. On any other occasion it's pretty great as well. It's broken up with a bar section, mid section with dim lights and comfy seating, to the outside patio with picnic style seating are for large crowds. 
I've also come here for a party and it was very easy to book and super inexpensive.
If you are a beer drinker you should start your night out here cuz the selection is on point!The Bulldog is one of those bars that changes character as the night progresses. It's happy hour crowd is completely different from the night time crowd, which is ok. I like coming in around 5, grabbing some hummus and a pint of something cold and declicious. The beer selection is epic, and the food (that I have tried.. I can't vouch for any meat dishes) is tasty and comes out quickly. Service is OK, but not amazing. The outdoor patio is nice in the fall and spring. Parking is a bastard later at night, as all the neighboring businesses have tow trucks cruising around all night. The parking lot provided turns into a death trap because too many people try to cram in. 
Tourists, I would suggest taking the streetcar up to look at the cemetaries, and then walking over to the bulldog for a cold one. 
Locals, meet a friend for a drink, try out some pints (and maybe keep the glasses)!Mid-City bulldog does a pretty good job at imitating a comfortable English pub - which is a much needed void in the New Orleans bar scene.  Huge beer selection and quick service - I'm a fan and much prefer the mid-city version to the Magazine Street location.This place was great when I first started going at least nine years ago.  It didn't really slip, but beer was getting better in the New Orleans area while The Bulldog tap list was more or less stagnating.  The same combination of quality and crap imports, every Abita, some Nola, a few good American craft beers, and plenty BMC crap domestics wasn't keeping up with the times.
A year or so back (I was living out of the country), the beer menu was updated and 11 new taps were added for a total of 61 taps with maybe two that you could call crap.  There may be beers in that tap list that you don't prefer, but they are quality American craft beers.  At least 59 of the 61, even on game day.
Also along this timeline, they reintroduced 10oz pours for the beers that really should be 10oz pours.
So The Bulldog Mid City location has really become stellar again for the beer list.  The patio is as always very nice.  The party space in the back also cool.  The interior  perfectly restored after a fire ~7 years ago (those were dark days while The Bulldog was shutdown).  I don't get to visit on pint night as I'm working out of town so I cannot comment on the latest in free glassware art.
Look what people are picking at here.  1) It's sketchy because it's next to a cemetery.  This is New Orleans!  People come here to see our cemeteries!  2) No parking???  They have a huge lot right down the street!  3) They run out of their thermonuclear sauce.  Because they make it fresh and it's not out of a bottle.
If you're a beer drinker in or around New Orleans, this place has to be on your rotation.The bulldog is a five star establishment. Quality arrangement. The outdoors area is perfect and the inside is nice and clean. I'm giving this place two stars because of the service tonight. This is a neighborhood bar there is no reason for the bartender to be so rude and dismissive.  My party even tipped her 40% despite her attitude and she was still rude.First bar I ever went to in NOLA. Better crowd than the Bulldog on Magazine, (you've never seen so many hipsters) wonderful craft beers and pretty awesome bar food. Won't be disappointed. Enough air circulated through to prevent a lot of stale air and smoke from accumulating.Endless beer selection. My favorite thing to do is to collect the glasses on Wednesday nights. Service is good. Very loud and crowded on busy nights.This place was the reason I was so anxious to turn 21. I was one of those people that turned 21 after everyone in the group already did... I'd be bummed when I heard everyone was going out to this place because I wanted to go but knew I couldn't. 
Now that the big 21 birthday has passed, I was not disappointed. I have had a lot of fun nights here. I've even come during the day and ordered food, which is not bad. 
It has everything a typical bar should have and more. They have every beer imaginable on tap, a descent selection of wine and liqueur. TV's are available for sports fans and it even has an outdoor patio. But, my favorite thing about this place is that it's dog friendly! Dogs are allowed on the patio. 
Nothing better than having a drink with man's best friend :)Great place with a really good ambiance. They have a crazy selection of beer - shiner white wing being my favorite. Shiner doesn't sell too much in the Northeast where I am so I enjoy the treat of having it so easily. The Abita brews are amazing. I really enjoyed the strawberry cream ale from there. The food is awesome. Get the mahi mahi sandwich and you won't be disappointed. 
In terms of seating, it's a pretty big bar with two back rooms. I chose the middle one that had both candlelit tables and couches. Definitely gives off a comfortable chill atmosphere while still feeling upscale. Definitely a plus to have in the neighborhood.I love this Bulldog so much more than the uptown location.  The digs are swank, I have never been when it's super crowded, the staff is friendly, and, of curse, the beer selection is superb.  Parking is something of an issue, but, given the CF that is Magazine Street, I'll take this any day in comparison.  This is a wonderful place to go for happy hour. I particularly like the library sitting area (super cozy and decorated like like a lush's living room), and I always think to myself that I need to go there for a football game someday.Excellent service, laid back local vibe, far above average beer list. And any pub with a shop cat on the patio is my kind of pub.I usually choose to not come here even though it's not that far from my house only because I don't drink beer, and this place is known for its beer.
Even though I'm not a beer drinker, I do enjoy the atmosphere of this place. It's great for groups and casually hanging out with friends. I love the outside part of it. It's also a lot of fun to come to when there is a game on T.V.First off, the Bulldog is an amazing establishment - because it is pet friendly.
Most importantly, however, they have a GREAT selection of beers on draft and in bottles. Their food has always been delicious and service wonderful. Shuffleboard, corn hole and clean bathrooms to boot!
CONS:
It can be a pain in the rear to find parking at the place though, especially during the week after kickball games.
Overall, highly recommended!Pelicans 1st ever playoff game: My favorite neighborhood place to grab a beer or watch games but the quality of the projector looks as if they wiped Vaseline all over the pull down screen. In bad need of an upgrade or some high tech rabbit ears. Everyone in there has their backs to the 100in projector screen and were focused on the 32in HD tvs. Typically a 4 star but downgrading because of quality of the projector screen. 2 stars if this was football season.Amazing beer selection! And the bartenders are more than happy to walk you through the options to find you a new favorite! Great quesadillas & amazing outside porch!Ok, I love this bar.  I love the patio, I love that I get to keep my glass tumblers on Wednesdays, I love the selection of local beers on draft, I love that there are TVs everywhere.  
Any 20/30-something living in New Orleans for any span of time probably has about 42 Bulldog pint glasses in their kitchen.  Even more interesting is that they just can't seem to help themselves from going back the next Wednesday and keeping a couple more.  It's a sickness, and I am out of pantry space.
Great place to kick back, watch a game, and enjoy a cool New Orleans evening at this little oasis on Canal Blvd.We love this place!   The bartenders are so knowledgeable and friendly.   They really know their beer and can always suggest something based on what you normally drink.  It's  so fun to try new beers and cocktails. We have eaten here several times and the burgers are great.  Any time we meet friends here they love it too.  Overall such a fun bar and our favorite place to hang out in mid city.Less fratty than the uptown location. Fun people, huge selection of beer, no nonsense bartenders. Trivia night is pretty pleasantly chill also.Midcity's best beer selection and best ambiance with premium bar food!While I'm a fan of this place overall, my one piece of advice would be- do NOT go here if you're hungry! I went recently and ordered some spinach dip, hubby got a burger. Didn't expect a lot, but the spinach dip was seriously one of the biggest food rip-offs I've ever seen, even for bar food. It was literally the portion size I would feed to a cat, (albeit with plenty of pita triangles,) and was nine bucks! It was literally 2 oz of dip, with cheese sprinkled on top, microwaved in a plastic cup. I took a picture at the time, just because I thought it was literally funny. I would have said something, but the only two employees who seemed to be there were the one lone bartender waiting on the whole bartop and the patrons at all the tables inside and out, and the food guy in the window where I ordered it, who didn't seem like he'd have had the authority to take it back. Husbands burger was average, but for another nine bucks could have come with a bag of chips at least. Soo... in conclusion, go for the beer list and garden. And that's it.I can't believe the people reviewing this place on food. Smh. This place gets a 5 star for it's purpose of a great bar and social spot. End of story.I've always enjoyed this bar since I started going out. When I was fresh out of college we would come here almost every Wednesday for pint night. The fun thing is that you get to keep the fun glasses that you beer came in. Many nights you can see a group of friends leaving with an armful of pint glasses!
This is your typical beer bar - there is a good mix of ages at the bad (some nights is a younger crowd while other nights is an older crowd) but the beers are always delightful. 
You can purchase a keychain for $1 to try the beers from "around the world" and when you finish the keychain you receive a commemorative Tshirt.
If beer isn't your thing they do have a small selection of wine or you can just get a typical cocktail from he bar. During my most recent trip in December I got a great drink called a Snowplow which had liquor, coffee and whipped cream.
This is a great bar to come to every now and then.Someone must have taken notice to my Yelp review; I've since been to the Bulldog 4-5 times and every single time they've had the thermo-nuclear sauce for their wings that they have listed on their menu. Bravo. They get the 4-5 stars this place deserves.Great atmosphere with a great draft selection.  More and more the Bulldog has become my 'go to' when nothing else is on the docket. I know I will have an enjoyable night hereGreat beer bar. They do have daily specials and happy hour specials. My only draw back is it's a little pricey for draft beer. I guess I shouldn't complain as they have a wide variety of craft and imports in clean taps. The food is all delicious and quick. I recommend the kings fries, nachos, dunked burger, whatever the name is for the BBQ chicken sandwich, and the southwest wrap.
This location has a great courtyard n the back with a large fire-pit and mounted space heaters if it's cold out.The Bulldog is a great hangout. It's large with a nice patio. They have a large selection of drinks and interesting menu items (the kitchen was closed when I was there, however, so I wasn't able to try the food). I appreciated how clean the place was; especially the bathrooms. 
I did find it a little hard to get the two bartenders' attentions. The place was moderately busy, I'll give them that, but they definitely paid more attention to the other group that was there and left us waiting for awhile. I have only been once, so this may not be the case every night.. but it did make an impression on me.DO NOT BOOK EVENTS HERE
I booked an event here for our wedding welcome drinks.  They lost our catering order, did not have the bar set up in time, did not know how to turn on the lights or fans in the patio we reserved, and did not have the right beer selections we had made for the bar.  I contacted them 3 days after the event to get a refund for the food we paid for but did not receive.  I was told that they were very sorry at how the event was handled, blamed the mix up on a staffing change and said I should get a full refund for the entire amount.
It has now been 3 weeks since the event and I just now was finally able to reach someone on the phone to help process a partial refund.  No apologies were offered, and no discounts were given for food that came out 2 hours after the event started.
While the bartenders are great, the management should never have tried to be in the event space business.
The Bulldog was one of my favorite bars before this experience.  I am sad that the event was handled so horribly.This place is digusting. The drains are backed up and the smell in here is horrible. I feel sorry for the bartenders. The managers no where to be found or just don't care. The kitchen is closed because of the drains. I'll never come back to this whole in the wall place again.!!!!!
Next call is to the health board!
Reply to your comment Eddie D:
So your blaming your customers for the plumbing problems, when in fact it was the grease traps not being cleaned out and backing up causing the plumbing issues, and that this is at least the second time that this has happened this month. But go ahead and point blame to your customers.I love this place. It's much quieter than the uptown branch, which can be mercilessly overrun by Tulane students pretty frequently. Their draft and bottle selection is amazing and I don't even drink beer. They do however, carry my girly cider (Woodchuck) and my favorite fancy pants beer (Framboise) in bottle and on tap. 
Their food is simple but tasty pub fare. The burgers are huge and juicy and the cheese fries are the perfect drunk snack. A great place to meet for a low-key lunch or drinks after work. And as the name may lead you to understand, dogs are allowed - only on the patio (which itself is a warm and inviting space).Great bar for friends and groups to meet up for a drink. Trivia on Tuesday is a great time. Beers are slightly overpriced but they're always good. Always a place to have people meet for a drink after work or to sit outside in a nice dayGood environment, different kind of beers, it is a nice place for friends to hang out and chat in a leisure moment!Our Airbnb was in the area so we stopped for drinks and a late dinner. It was so great that we went in on Wednesday because you get a free pint glass with draft beer purchases! It also happened to be Irish car bomb night so we got a free Irish car bomb as wellI am a huge fan of the Uptown location of the Bulldog. I am not a huge fan of this location.
you would think that as much time as I spent at this location prior to it being the Bulldog that I would love it here. problem is that I never liked it back when it was Parkway or Par-4 or whatever it was back in the 90s. Sure bulldog has updated the bar and added a boatload of beers, I can't bring myself to enjoy it as much as the uptown location.
The one really cool thing this location does have is their outside patio. This would be the perfect place to sit on a nice night with friends.
if you are in Mid-City or Lakeview and want beer, I would give this place a try, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get there.If you love beer, this is your bar. So many selections to choose from! Ambiance, crowd, vibe, on point!Great hamburgers and wings!!! Plus, I get to bring my French Bulldog!!!Great staff. Great selection of draft beer. Much larger than the Uptown location. Dog friendly in the courtyard. I love the happy hour and waffle fries here. Parking isn't too tough. Plus there's all kind of great little tables, chairs, couches, places to sit and have a unique experience each time you come. Shuffleboard in the back as well.My favorite bar in all of New Orleans. Unlike the Magazine st. location, the Mid-City Bulldog is nice and large and there is always a place to sit whether it's inside the wood-paneled bar or outside in the beer garden. Another reason it's amazing is because of the beer selection. They have an entire wall of taps and (if you go on a Wednesday) you get to keep your pint glass (they're the only drinking glasses I have in my kitchen).
With that said, if you return 20 bulldog pint glasses, you get a free t-shirt! Also, they constantly support the LA-SPCA and you are always welcome to bring your friendly pooch with you. A bar where I can sit with all of my friends, drink many different kinds of beer, eat great bar food (try the nachos, they're massive), AND bring my dog is my idea of bar heaven and that is exactly what the Bulldog has to offer.Definitely one of the best burgers in the city. I had the mushroom jack burger. Fantastic.  I would pass on the fries. Too many beers on tap to choose from, lol!  The patio is perfect to kick back with a ice cold beer, great burger and conversation!  Will be back.I love, love, LOVE. The Bulldog in Midcity, but something really bothers me. They have a great beer selection and good atmosphere and allow dogs outside.
What kills me is they have good wings but NEVER have their 'thermonuclear' sauce which is on their menu. 
I go at least once every 1-2 weeks and I think over the past 2 years they've had the 'thermonuclear' sauce maybe 4-5 times. WTF? Take it off your menu or serve it.... It doesn't help when the cooks look at you an idiot and say 'no' when I ask 'can I get an order of wings with thermonuclear sauce?' 'Really why not?' -response: 'don't have it'
Listen; have it or don't; stop teasing me. Take it off the damn menu.BLUF:  Beer selection has gotten better over the past couple years.  Food is average at best but keeps you from "enjoying" the beer selection too much too quickly.
Bulldog in uptown is full of college tool bags.  Mid City Bulldog is slightly better...those same tool bags but wearing medical scrubs to make sure everyone knows what they do for a living.  Mostly working professionals there that are dressed normal though.
Smoking inside but if you read this after April 22 2015 then that will be overwith!  Otherwise it is too smokey inside. I do like the indoor atmosphere though; lots of seating and dark.  
The outside patio is amazing though.  Lots of tables and chairs and different patio segments and coverings.  Really awesome and really pretty.  Very popular place so hopefully you can find seating.
Beer selection used to be crappy even though they had 50 on tap.  A place shouldnt be proud to have 50 beers on tap if some of those are PBR, Bud Light etc.  They might still have those but I feel like over the past year or so, their selection has gotten better and more interesting.  Lots of relatively local beers and a few from further away.  Def one of the better beer selections in town.  They also have bottled beer which might be even more diverse but never really looked at them.
Food is not very good.  It is fine and will end hunger pains but I personally would rather eat somewhere else if possible. (I have had most everything on the menu.  Burger might be the best option)
I'll keep going back.  Fun place with good beer and great outdoor sitting.My favorite Mid-City bar and one of the few bars in the New Orleans area that serves Chimay!  For me that's enough to give them 5 stars.  The beer selection (addition to Chimay) is vast, excellent, and reasonably priced.  Service is great, but can be slow when the bar is packed with wall to wall people, which is not uncommon.  The bar and courtyard area is bigger then it's sister property on Magazine and much nicer.   It's also an awesome place to watch the games.  I have to agree with Andrea B, the crowd changes from hour to hour, which is why I love this place.Great atmosphere, then again it could have been the crowd I was with...a bit chilly though, meaning if 95% of the customers are drinking AND still wearing coats and jackets...get a clue... turn up the heat! Good draft beer selection.I heart the Bulldog from the variety of beers they offer to the ooey-gooey cheese fries. You can't go wrong going to the Bull Dog, although when it gets crowded it can be difficult to get a drink at the bar. However, they have the best grilled chicken ever and the all time best cheese fries (crispy waffle fries dripping with melted cheese). This location has a comfy couch area to sit in and a pretty big outdoor seating area with tvs to watch the game. If you are looking for a nice place to chill and hang out with friends then I would highly recommend it.Good looking place with good food. Tons of beers on tap will take me forever to try them all. Shuffle board and large patio sitting.  ExcellentLocation is a little sketchy (next to a cemetery). Overall, the staff is cool, seems like most are older than the location on magazine st, but very friendly and nice. There's a parking located right next to the bar and is brightly lit on the outside. 
Love that they have Delirium on tap as well as imported bottled beers. Decently priced and you can smoke inside the bar. On Wednesdays, you can take pint glasses home! Yay!This Bulldog is more spacious than its sister property on Magazine St. Enough beers on tap to keep you coming back for weeks. The patio out back is great and there's a private area that's free to reserve. Make sure to get some late night food from the grill and try some local micro brews! Go on Wednesdays to get a free custom glass with each beer.Visited the Bulldog Mid-city twice in the last year. I really like the patio mostly because it is DOG FRIENDLY. No waitress service for food or drinks. If it's crowded expect to wait at the bar for drinks and sometimes the kitchen gets overwhelmed and closes when they get behind. WAY TOO LOUD INSIDE TO HAVE PLEASANT CONVERSATION. 
Once you get situated the patio is very nice. TVs around to watch the game and the draft beer selection is great. I agree with other reviewers that the beer is overpriced especially considering the smaller sized pitchers used which contain about four beers. The nachos were reasonably priced and very good. We'll be back........
DOG FRIENDLY ON THE PATIO.This bulldog is about the same at the magazine counter part. Huge beer selection. Above average bar food. Great wide open courtyard. Their courtyard is bigger than the magazine location which I seriously enjoy.I can't comment on the food, only on the horrifically rude service I encountered when I entered the door. My family wanted to eat somewhere outside, and thought of the outdoor patio at the bulldog. We checked out their website and decided to give it a try. As we walked in around 6pm I was carrying my one year old. An employee said "Hey, get that baby out of here! We don't serve babies here." I understand if establishments don't serve children, but her tone and choice of words was a little harsh. I wasn't planning on plopping my child on the bar and doing a round of shots. Just wanted to sit outside and eat burgers. If they don't want children and families eating at the restaurant it should say somewhere on the website, and their employees should be a little nicer when explaining policies. They'll allow dogs in to eat, but children are unacceptable.Dooooont get the salsa (see pic below). Otherwise, a great place for beer, the beer lords aren't overly pretentious, awesome atmosphere and lots of space to sit around, many TVs to watch whatever game is on. I come here often. I also live near by, so...We love this place!   The bartenders are so knowledgeable and friendly.   They really know their beer and can always suggest something based on what you normally drink.  It's  so fun to try new beers and cocktails. We have eaten here several times and the burgers are great.  Any time we meet friends here they love it too.  Overall such a fun bar and our favorite place to hang out in mid city.     We still love this place and it's our go to for a great time and to drink great beer!I was here for a Bachelorette party a couple of months back since it was near our Airbnb and me and some of the bridesmaids went to grab some drinks before heading out to bourbon st. Really just an awesome atmosphere and the bartenders were so chill and really fun to talk to before heading out! 
Also, really great beer selection and the bartenders are super knowledgeable about the selection.I I cannot get enough of this place.  I think I am becoming addicted to Lazy Magnolia Southern Pecan.  I think the food is awesome for a bar.  Way above anything else around.  Best patio in New Orleans and dog friendly.  My girlfriends and I come here way too much, but what can you do.  Donn, my friend is in love with you....  Love it...Since the new management took over I'm no longer allowed to get my burger on a salad. Given my diet, that's the only way I can enjoy a burger. I like the bulldog. Shame they had to ruin a good thing. I'll find another place that I can chill with my dogOne of my old stomping grounds... Great brews, GREAT atmosphere, good prices on the pints... Even better, Fantastic selection on da brews.This is my favorite bar in New Orleans.  They have an amazing outdoor space (with huge fans so it's temperate even in a Nola summer).  The beer selection is ridiculously large and they're always featuring new brews.  They serve great pub food made on the premises.  There aren't  many places in this town that meet all of those criteria.
Not only that, but it gets a decent crowd even on weeknights (especially Wednesday with the free pint glasses).  AND you can bring your dog.  I don't have a dog, but if I did I would be pretty happy about a bar that I could take it to---that cuts out half of the work of meeting people using your cute dog.
Also, the raspberry vinaigrette goes great with everything (it comes on the California Fire Grilled Chicken Sandwich).  I don't usually eat at this location, but at the Lagers that these guys also own, I put the raspberry vinaigrette on the blackened chicken sandwich and it is awesome.
The only thing that would make me happier is if they opened a Lagers style eatery in Mid-City with all of the outdoor space that the Bulldog locations have.The Bulldog is one of New Orleans' best bars. Hands down. No where will you find a wider selection of beers both on tap and bottled. So many in fact that their beer menu is divided into different countries. This location sets itself apart from it's sister locations (Lagers of Metairie and the Bulldog on Magazine) because it takes the best of both and puts them together to create a great bar with a great atmosphere and great food. Wednesday nights are usually the most crowded nights and has been that way since even before The Bulldog moved into the old Parkway spot so get there early if you want a table. Plus I love the fact that this place is dog friendly! The patio area even has a little water fountain where pets can get their drink on. This location really has a lot going for it and is one of my favorite hangouts when I want a specific kind of beer. 
Would have given it that fifth star if not for the fact that parking can be a real pain if the parking lot is full. Wednesday nights, especially.Good bar food, great outdoor seating, interesting beer selection. Of course, they pride themselves on their beer selection, but they really don't represent local beers well at all. Or, at least not NOLA Brewery, which has some fine beers. Historically, they have only had Nola Blonde, but none of the IPAs, APAs, or PAs. That's a shame, for a local bar. 
Also, the last 2 or 3 times I've been, the beer had a pretty foul taste, as if they haven't cleaned the lines in a while. Ironic, since I seem to remember lots of signs in their uptown location bragging about often they clean the tap lines. 
Still, it's a nice place to hang out when it's not too crowded. I'll just order bottled or canned beers in the future.Great beer selection with a lot of space to sit.  Food selection is great.  Love the Crawfish Banditos.  Mostly a younger crowd.   I'd say avoid Wednesdays as its free pint glass night and can get really crowded.  Unless of course you are in need of glassware.