Missed Marvin this time around. Really enjoyed the chocolate shake. Went later in the day than I normally had in the past. Best time to go is as soon as they open. If you're lucky enough to catch Marvin working then you're in for a treat! He's definitely entertaining!best breakfast ive had in a very long time. ive been very disappointed with breakfast, maybe its just me. thats why cammellias was so amazing i had the omelet on the bottom of the menu maybe camellia, chef  or something. so good! my brother had the mexican which was also very tasty. then we had a pecan omelet and that my friends is to die for. its thinner than most which i really enjoyed, get you order in asap they get busy. the service however is very personable and awesome.I recently visited the new French Quarter location and enjoyed it as much as the Carrollton location. Make sure you get the Manhattan Omelette. To die for!This is one of my favorite places anywhere! If I was told I would have to eat at Camillia Grill for the rest of my life, I might be okay with it. I'd be 400 pounds ...but I'd be happy.
Whatever Marvin is on, I want some of it. He is high energy, fun and gives awesome service! The waitstaff is half the fun of this place.
The food is awesome. It is one of the best breakfast places in the world. I have only eaten breakfast here but my wife said her corned beef sandwich was the best she ever had. When you order pancakes and you can pour the butter onto them prior to pouring syrup on, it's just...well...insert superlative here!
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it. I could go on and on but suffice to say this is a New Orleans landmark that is as good, if not better than advertised.
Huge smiley face!A total disappointment. Long time New Orleanians will recall the spotless venue, professional friendly staff. Now, the place is filthy, rundown, with stained napkins, rusted equipment, and the 'white' outfits of the staff are stained, dirty and frankly disgusting. The staff clowned around among themselves, making loud obnoxious noises.
Worse, the food was greasy, as they now have succumbed to the 'yellow substance in a bottle that is not butter' to squirt on everything, and imitation cheese for the omelettes. 
Top it off with a surly person at the register and you've had a uniformly terrible meal.
To say that Camellia Grill is a shadow of what it once was is a compliment. Its  worse than a Dot's diner or Waffle house now. It needs a complete renovation, and a newly trained staff. Sad...As far as diners go, you just don't get much better than this. Worth the wait, great staff behind the counter. A regular spot for us to visit when in the Big Easy.This place was great food and entertainment all in one. Our waiter Ronald was so fun. My friends and I all loved our breakfast. A great place to start the day in New Orleans.One of my co workers brother recommended this place to us and it was absolutely amazing.
We were in NOLA for Essence Music Festival and looking for somewhere to have breakfast, we called Eddie, a renowned NOLA taxi cab driver, and he drove us up scenic and beautiful St. Charles street to get to Camellia's.
There was a little bit of a line but we didn't mind waiting, especially once we realized we could get Mimosas to go at the bar next door to ease the pain of waiting in line. 
The hostess was friendly and welcoming but the waiters behind the counter are all top notch. We got there a little after 11am and they only have grits until 11am but our waiter scraped what he could out of the pan to give me a taster and although I did not want to I shared it with my girls, one of whom does not like grits but when I say these grits were creamy and cooked to perfection, they just melted in your mouth.
We ordered pancakes as an appetizer because we are just greedy and they were the best pancakes ever, they were so buttery and fluffy, hmm so so good!!
I had a bacon omelet which I think had a pound of bacon in it, but I had them add spinach to balance it out ;).
My friends both had omelets I think, one with chili on it and I think she died and went to heaven, they also gave me a taster of the chili for my omelet, who woulda thunk to put chili on an omelet??? It was amazing!!!
Two of the waiters have been there for over 20 years and they were super nice and full of compliments for us, they were good for our egos!!
This place is amazing, the food was so good and the atmosphere makes you feel like you are family.Went in for breakfast. The food was fine. The service from the server was awful. The cook was entertaining and wonderful. I would say it was a good place to go just for the experience. The kids had fun. The high chair can fit over the stools, allowing the littlest to be at the table. 
I ordered an egg sandwich and hash browns. Was basic diner food. The kids got waffles and they were basically just pancakes with texture. 
Jeremy went with Mexican omelette. It was fine he said. He loves pecans, so he ordered the pie. He liked it.  Was best part of meal.A highlight of our trip to NO. Amazingly friendly staff (Brun made us feel like family immediately) in a rare, old school diner environment. Do not leave without trying the pecan pie. I try not to eat dessert, but this is pecan pie is famous for a reason and worth the calories.Terrific hamburgers and pecan pie. Great service and atmosphere for a reasonable price. Well worth the waitCamellia grill. Easy enough review. This place is not going to wow you with extravagance or anything, but if you want cheap, down-home food, go here.
I got the pecan waffle (10/10) eggs (6/10 - the whites weren't cooked enough) and ham (7/10? How does one properly judge a ham?). The buttery syrup was fantastic. Everything was good. 
The atmosphere is what sets this place apart, really. The waiters are working there, but are they really working? The large African American man who was our waiter was working IT, I'll tell you that. Some large African American lady came in and he put some sweet moves on this lady right in front of our eyes. I've never been so ready to eat in my life watching this display. Incredible experience.
So yeah, come to camellia grill. It's worth your time.Always one of our favorite stops when in NOLA. The wait is worth it, and yes there is always a line. But this is the place for a great diner experience. The burgers are great, the fried mac and cheese bites fantastic and the Camila Special was huge and good. But the cooks and servers are part of the main attraction. Love this place.The Camellia Grill was fantastic! Went there when I was craving breakfast food kind of late at night. My server was super friendly and struck up a conversation with us and was really helpful and patient. I got the 2 eggs with hash browns and it was delicious. Will go back.Great place and a true original little gem. I love the service when in Nola I always make an effort to stop by here. The specials of the day are always a good bet, can't go wrong with a waffles and a chop or plainly red beans and rice with a side of meat.My group took the Streetcar down and had lunch here. What a great place. It's a diner. We had to wait about 20 min with locals who said it was worth it. We all had burgers which were great and quick. Go to the bathroom while you are there. sits an experience and I'll leave it at that. Burger and sweet tea were around $10. We all enjoyed our food and the food around us looked excellent. if you're anal about cleanliness you might have an issue. The food is prepared in front of you and the staff is lively and funny.Breakfast was well worth it. And yes the servers were hilariois. If I had to give a negative it would be the hostess. She had headphones on and texted while we stood there. She nodded where we were to sit. Management should replace her immediately. I really enjoyed the experience overall. Worth the ride over.Great old diner!! Great atmosphere and friendly service. Typical dinner food which comes up pretty quickly.I love the double U-shape seating arrangement when you first walk in because it's like the classic diner style with the matching servers that can sing and cook for you with a smile on their face. The food was just incredible from the fresh squeezed orange juice to the delicious made to order omelets, waffles and pancakes. Since we'd been eating nothing but fried foods since our visit I opted for the healthy omelet with fresh fruit as a side instead of hash brown which I was told was just incredible.Don't judge this book by its cover! And definitely get the Southern food menu items (versus getting their burger options you can get anywhere). All-day breakfast (LOVE), delicious shake flavors, and open late. Service could not have been better & we even met some friendly locals. Was amazed to find out the place had been there since 1946. There's a reason they're still around. If you're Uptown, try this place!The staff is attentive and a little abrupt, but that's just part of the experience at Camellia's Grill.  It's fun to listen to the unusual lingo that the cooks shout to communicate the customers orders to each other.  The burgers are to die for!  It was hot and had just the right amount of seasoning and fresh toppings.  These are the best burgers in the area and very reasonably priced.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans!I never understood what "light and fluffy" eggs were until I ate here. Apparently they put pancake batter and use a whipper to whip the eggs to get them so light and fluffy. BEST BREAKFAST I've ever had anywhere, hands down. Their omelettes are above and beyond any other i've had. A MUST try.
This place is a diner in a an old southern structure. Had the chefs special. A bargain at $8. Huge and filled with turkey bacon, onions 2 cheeses, bacon, ham, french fries (u read that right) and topped with chili (u read that right again). Served with toast and ur choice of french fries, hash browns, or grits. Had the hash browns, which looked like ur everyday fresh hash browns, but they must either deep fry it or put crack in it cuz its some of the most flavorful ordinary looking hash browns i've had. Went back and had their pecan waffle, which wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Their fries were definitely above average. Mexican omellete was really good too. Their western omellete is the best i've ever had. No exaggeration.
Service is super friendly and fast. Food is delicious. Prices are very fair. 
Only one drawback: my new years resolution of losing weight went completely down the drain.Great diner experience. The french fry omelette was.... interesting. This place isn't the best greasy spoon you will visit, but it's definitely one of the coolest ones. There's a historic feel to it, and the service is unbelievable. Just be smart and avoid peak times, even though the line moves somewhat quickly enough. Expect to rub elbows with people, as you're all seated at the counter. 
Burgers are good, chili is decent, waffles are good, omelettes are okay. I can't speak for much else here, but all in all you should give it a go at least once. 
If you're a tourist staying in the French Quarter, this place is accessible by streetcar, just take the St. Charles line all the way down, it's a gorgeous ride. When you hit a 90-degree corner, after passing Audubon Park and Loyola, you've hit Carrolton, and you'll need to get off there. You'll see Cameliia Grill from the corner, and don't be put off by the line, it moves fairly quick.Just went there for the first time in 40 years. The food was great and the freezes wonderful. The chocolate freeze was made with good ice cream and real Hershey's syrup. The burgers, grilled cheese, ham , french fries and chicken tenders are very good. It is a good family place to visit. It is counter service only which I had forgotten. Hope to get back again.I live a few blocks away from this place... if I wake up early enough and can get there before 9, it's a quick stop for breakfast. The food comes out very quickly, even if it's busy. The food is definitely not the healthiest. So healthy freaks, stay away. Their chocolate freezes are very good. I take one on my way to work sometimes. They put hasbrowns on they menu somewhat recently, so I was happy about that. They're famous for their grits, I think. 
I like the ambience... it's very old school New Orleans and I like that. The servers play the role pretty well - calling out orders and carrying that NOLA swag, if you know what I mean. Marvin and Ray are so kind and make you laugh. They like to converse with their guests and I like that. For out-of-towners, this is a cool place, mainly for the experience. 
If you're not from here, you should at least try it. Just get there early.Great prices, great food, great service. Went back twice for breakfast! Had awesome conversation with other visitors at the counter, also had great talks with the staff. Overall excellent time.Well...this is my 50th review on Yelp. And I wouldn't have wanted it to be with any other place. 
The Camellia Grill was the first place I ate in New Orleans when I came here 6 years ago. I still distinctly remember Marvin "Word", who was THE MAN. He sadly passed away a few months ago, RIP. 
There's a simple reason there is a line out the door every Saturday and Sunday morning. The food is incredible. You definitely have to come here hungry and get the Chef's Special Omelette. It's the best omelette I've had anywhere in the country. I also recommend the pecan waffle and the burgers. 
I like the Uptown location the most but there is a location in French Quarter as well where the food is just as good. If you don't want to wait in a really long line, I recommend coming here on a week day.3.75 stars.  There are two locations for the Camellia Grill, but this is the one you want to visit.  Here, you are not only getting wonderful food, but you get to do so within a stately house where the people who have been working the restaurant clearly understand the concept of customer service. Sure, the wait in line can be monumental, but when the payoff comes in an exceptionally sweet pecan pie served with a dollop of ice cream and a colossal double cheeseburger topped with an artery clogging fried egg, you've done well.  While it is only slight hyperbole to note that I was barely able to walk after ingesting all these calories, you certainly won't hear me complaining about eating here.  This is worth a stop if you are in New Orleans for a few days.Had a few recommendations for Camellia Grill, but it was extremely disappointing. Went for Sunday lunch, place was extremely crowded and was asked to move around multiple times to accommodate other guests. And then the food ordered was extremely subpar. One buck burger came dry and buns were cold, did not have cheese or grilled onion on it (we ordered them!!) Asked waiter to fix it, he brought back two slices of cheese........ I want them melted on my burger, or why don't i just go to walmart and buy a bulk and bring it myself to put on their dry and tastless burger?
That's not it! The service was miserable. We had to ask for water 3 times before they refilled it when we were ready to leave!
Way below expectation, won't go back there again. I'd recommend against ever going there Sunday afternoon when it's crowded.This little diner is a must stop if you are on the Saint Charles Streetcar line.  It is nothing fancy, but you get good service and great food.  I had the vegetable omelet- it was huge!My daughter just graduated from Tulane so we are going to have to figure out excuses to get back to New Orleans and to Camellia.  We were there twice in 5 days because our cousin flew in from Florida and wanted to go there before our son flew in and he wanted, no, NEEDED, to get a Chili Omelette!  Best omelettes in the world, mixed up in a blender, so fluffy.  I always get grits because I can get hashbrowns in NY.  Friendly service, just a one of a kind place (haven't eaten  in the one in the quarter, why mess and this one is near Tulane.)  Bought a T-Shirt this time.  The stem of the flower is a fork.  Don't miss this when you visit New Orleans.Love it.  Second trip to New Orleans and sad cuz the French quarter location is closed but the original is nice a trolley ride.  Great burger.I always have a good meal here. But the atmosphere is what takes this place to another level. Your server will be one of the friendliest servers you will have in any restaurant.Authentic diner experience.  Walking into the restaurant takes you back a few decades.  I ordered the red beans and rice and the pecan pie.  Both were good.  Not the best I had in New Orleans.  But the area is very nice and the ambiance is great.You go to Camellia Grill for the experience, the fist-bumping camaraderie and manic enthusiasm of the waiters and cooks, the authentically old-fashioned feel of the retro diner. The expansive menu, if the copyright date of 1985 is any indication, has long remained unchanged. No surprise, since they offer standard no-frills diner fare, ranging from fair in quality to pretty good. Remarkable food? No. Food that makes you go "Holy crap, now this is what I call food"? Definitely not, but if you're in the mood for dependable greasy-spoon stuff, this is your go-to place. Whether you're a resident or visitor, you must go at least once.Best cure for a hangover! Classic-greasy-Cheeseburger and omelette are just the best in town.Finally made it to Camellias grill! We ordered the bacon cheeseburger and chocolate freeze. You absolutely have to order the chocolate freeze if nothing else. It is so good, you don't want it to end. Will definitely be backComing here felt like coming home - except better because my mom doesn't cook this well.  Getting here was fun - an easy ride on the St. Charles streetcar - so you get a scenic tour and breakfast.  We didn't wait too long, but I can see how it would totally busy.  The food was fantastic and, oh my, buttery!  Our server was friendly and funny.  Honestly, this place set the mood for the rest of our day and it was delightful!  My husband still talks about this place even a year later.We dropped off our son the in the Loyola University area this week and stumbled upon this gem.  Excellent for breakfast, we got omelettes with hash browns.  They deep fry the sausage and that was quite a treat.  Love the service and we discovered the guys on the walls of the place have been cooking there for over 20 years!
Our waiter made us a sample size of their chocolate cherry shake...my daughter loved it!  This will be our go to place on our next visit.  Can't wait to try the grits too.This was my favourite place to eat during the whole of our trip to NOLA.  I loved it! 
Counter-side seating, so you get very chummy with your neighbours, our server was excellent and lots of fun, very entertaining and it's open late, which we needed after our swamp tour.  The servers just shout your order at the chef - who, in the time we were there, got it right every time.  No tickets, no pens or paper - excellent! 
Food was great and prices were reasonable.
Hubby and I shared the 'Harry's Yankee' roast beef po-boy and a large cheese fries, it was yum.  Hubby had the mocha freezee and we all came away happy! 
They must have good gumbo here, a couple came in, he ordered a Reuben, she asked for Gumbo, they'd none left so she got up and left!
Definitely somewhere to add to your list - fab!!!Friendly staff, great food and fair prices make this a wonderful place to eat.  The breakfast fare is outstanding and the burgers are made fresh to order.  Very clean!   Check it out!This place was recommended by a former NOLA resident. Definitely didn't disappoint. Basically a 50's inspired diner. The menu is pretty bare bones. A variety of breakfast and lunch options. It still has that old school diner feel to it. I had a Manhattan Omelette which had Swiss and American cheese along with Corned Beef and onions. It was Delicious. One of the fluffiest omelettes i've had in recent memory. My wife had ham and eggs which also looked excellent. Huge portions for an extremely fair price. They are a little heavy handed on the butter, but this is a diner isn't it. This place would be a great hangover joint after a night on the town. Apparently the restaurant closed due to Katrina with no plans of reopening. Their patrons covered the entire front door with notes to reopen and they did. There are pictures of the door in the restaurant. Nothing is keeping this gem down. Would definitely return. One small complaint is that there is not enough seating. They could almost accommodate twice the people with a larger location. There were people waiting for a seat the entire time we dined. And that was on a Monday afternoon. I can only imagine what a Sunday morning is like at this place!I can't say enough about this place. I walked in one day, with a need for waffles AND a patty melt...and they made it happen. I got, what I now lovingly refer to as a "waffle-melt," with a fried egg and a coke. Heaven IS REAL.We went for a late breakfast, on our last day in town, and absolutely loved it!!!  Great value for the money. My wife and I both had the pecan pancakes - they were awesome!!!  I was full off the cakes & bacon alone; and then I had to move on to the huge plate of hash browns that sat in front of me. (made to order with peppers & onions, just the way I like 'em). I loved the atmosphere here.  Reminded me of a barber shop environment!  Very friendly staff.  We found metered street parking in front of Camellia's and on the side street adjacent.This is exactly what a muffuletta is supposed to be. Cooked to perfection in front of you and placed on fresh French Bread. Absolutely the best I've had. Then the pecan pie was served hot off the grill, yes off the grill. Unbelievable how good it tastes warmed upside down on the grill with the pecans seared hot to perfection.Right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line, this place is a GEM!
The building is fronted by grand whitewashed columns, and doesn't look the part of a classic diner, but once inside the impressive stainless open diner-style kitchen surrounded by wide a marble bar in incredibly inviting.
The food was probably the best I've ever had at a classic American styled diner. Burger was cooked to juicy perfection, chili cheese fries were greasy good, and the Vanilla milkshake was phenom!! Wife ordered a grilled cheese and raved at the result as well.
The charismatic restaurant staff dressed in classic black bow tie diner attire were fun, if not entertaining.
I will without a doubt, come back here the next time I'm in town. I would easily say this should be highly recommended to anyone not afraid of raising their cholesterol a couple points!
(TIP: If you're staying downtown, hop on the St.Charles line for $1.25 and take it right to the front door and back)Saying this place is a New Orleans institution is an understatement. My mom and dad used to come here when my dad was attending Tulane back in the late 1940s and early 1950s after World War 2. I used to live on St. Charles past Napoleon and I took the street car here 6 days a week for supper. That was back in the 90s. Great food, great staff and fantastic, old school New Orleans atmosphere. If you want to eat like a local come to the Grill.Loved our stop in here for Memorial Day breakfast. Tasty food, friendly folks, great service in a sweet neighborhood. Try the omelets!Classic greasy spoon, New Orleans-style.  Small, pink, crowded, noisy, and utterly delicious.  The omelets are really fluffy--the eggs go in a milkshake blender before they hit the grill--and any breakfast there will set you up for the day, easy.  Husband, who is a grits afficianado, says their grits are some of the best ever.  Worth waiting in line, plus when you pay your bill at the end, you get a lollipop!  Word!!This place has the best classic diner feel! The staff was awesome and they treat you as if your family. It felt like eating dinner and out of town family's house. Amazing omelettes, def a must. I also recommend the Doc Brinkers Special. This double cheeseburger with slaw and chili is to die for. It will satiate the biggest of appetites. Treat yourself to a shake as well.Fantastic food, service was great and the atmosphere is wonderful with an old school vibe. 
I went back a few days later with a friend because it was so good! 
Try the Mexican omelette, the chef special omelette and the pecan pie.Great meal at reasonable prices. The burgers are great and the hash browns are even better.  Everything is cooked to order in front of you. There is an entertaining banter between wait staff and the "chefs".  I always enjoy stopping here for a late night meal wether it be breakfast for dinner or a burger.  I did notice that the hours have changed so not sure if there is a new owner or not.  Still have a line out the door at random hours.  May not be your typical New Orleans food but definitely a local favorite.Very nice place that is always crowded. Food is ok but it's the service that makes it a place to explore. 
Don't come here to loose weight but rather to "collect" all the calories you will want to get rid off the following two weeks ;-). 
We had the scramble eggs with bacon and hash brown and a chicken-club sandwich. Tasty.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans. The burger and the Red Beans are both delicious, and the pecan pie is insane. The servers/chefs are really what make it though. They are so fun to interact with and to watch interact with each other. The line can sometimes be long but it's very worth the wait.Great food. Great service. Worth the wait!!  NOLA classic. Grab you some breakfast at the bar or stop by for a cold drink.2/3/12
We ate there on friday morning almost as they open for the day.  We didnt know there were no tables , but had a highchair for our daughter which was perfect. The over the top friendly service and attention to customers from every worker is hard to find anywhere , But here . The service was great , our daughter loved it .  They gave us a couples fries for her and some chocalate milk  (first time !) as we sat down . My wife had a omelet and potatoes i had a pecan waffle and some eggs . I will say the omelet was one of the best ive tried . The pecan waffle was great as well and my daughter loved her grits and eggs . We came in from STL for a couple days and will say best part of our trip was at camellia grill . If you want great diner style food this is what you want , and the guys burger looked good as well . Thanks for making our trip even better .This Uptown/Carrollton tradition is still hopping after over 60 years in business. Camilla Grill is located right on the St. Charles Streetcar Line and is a easy ride for even tourists staying in the French Quarter. 
The ambiance is very diner like with the only seats being at the counter. The staff behind the counter make for great dinner entertainment. The service here is quick and very friendly. The food is a bit heavy but very good. I had the Camilla Special sandwich which may look a bit plain but full of wonderful flavor. My girlfriend had the Judge's Chicken which was a well seasoned grilled chicken breast with fresh coleslaw. The rest of our party had a burger and the catfish. The catfish was crispy, not oily, and very fresh. Make sure you have it with the hot sauce,  Crystal hot sauce yum! 
We left very full and satisfied, a great experience for our first night in New Orleans. The only minor complaint we had was the cashier and host were a bit preoccupied with their phones and personal conversation to check us out quickly.A diner that doesn't open until 8am? Not good. Not good at all. That said, it's a great place. Exactly what you expect from diner food. They do it right. Wish they opened at 5 or 6.I actually love the place - 
But just don't go in the early morning hours just before closing.....you may never get your food.....and if you do it is under cooked nasty food....
Any other time I have gone, the food is outstanding, the staff is very friendly.  Waffles, omelets, hamburgers, chocolate freezie, pecan pie a la mod.....ALL MUST HAVE foods!!!!
Lagniappe, if you're lucky to catch the staff putting on a show for your entertainment.
Everytime I go and sit in the atmosphere of Camelia Grill while I'm waiting for my food - I just can't resist reminiscing about New Orleans back when .....Ah, remember this or that.....The food is American diner food with high quality. What makes it superb is Leon the waiter. He puts a great spin on the experience.OK, first off let me say I love this place and have been coming here on and off for many many years. I bring out of towners here all the time. Today, my wife and I went for lunch, our waitstaff was great as always, the food was great as always, We ordered 1 hamburger, 1 hamburger poboy, 2 fries, 2 coffees, 1 ice tea and a slice of pie with a scoop of ice cream. Couldn't have been a better lunch until l I went to the cashier to check out. The total was $56.22!!! WTF? I stared at the bored looking guy behind the register, "I'm sorry, what?" $56.22 he said again handing me a receipt. I said "That's impossible, show me". He proceeded to show me our order slips the waiter filled out which had no prices on them, he then showed me our receipt, which had no prices on it and said "Its what the computer says" and just stared at me blankly and refused to go any further with the conversation. 
Now being an experienced New Orleans resident, I immediately think since he saw an Austin Public Library t-shirt I was wearing, he scammed me. Whether that's is true or he was just stupid and refused to go over it with me, I dont know but I got ripped off for what was more or less a $30 lunch and the cashier couldn't have cared less. That's not the Camellia Grill Ive known for 15 years.Fell upon this place after our trolley ride to the garden district.  Nothing fancy here but good sandwiches and grill type of food.  Had the special and could only finish 1/2. Hubby got the Ruben and said it was very good.  Great counter staff.Love some Camellia Grill!  Worth the wait for some New Orleans charm and delicious food.  Great place to jump on the street car after and enjoy the city.This place was so fun to eat at!  I love that it was bar style dining, and you sit facing all the action so you can watch them make your food.  Our server was so great and on point.  The whole staff was very friendly and upbeat. I got the mexican omelet with hashbrowns and it was DELICIOUS! They are very generous with their portion sizes. I also tried their chocolate cherry freeze and that was very good as well.  And holy hell, get a slice of their pecan pie. Will definitely come back.  It gets crowded quickly so i would recommend coming at an "off" hour rather than during the brunch and lunch rush.  But there are booths along the walls that you can sit at while you wait for an open seat amongst the bar stools!Food was decent but nothing memorable. We had visited here a few years ago and enjoyed the entertainment from the waiters. Wait staff now don't seem to have the humor and outgoing personalities I remember from back then.Seating is extremely limited and the food is exactly that of a diner. I would say it's not anything super special (food wise), but obviously the cool part is that AHS was filmed here! We had to wait a while for our seats and had to be split in the group. They tried their best though to accommodate all of us. The food comes out fast and the service is good! 
I got a bacon cheeseburger with everything on it and it definitely hit my hangover spot that I needed. We also ordered the chili cheese fries and they serve a good amount of it - we couldn't finish it even sharing between 7 girls! If you ask them to do an announcement for you, they will! Super cool environment and we just had beat the rush when we were walking out there was a line out the door. Can't imagine how long people had to wait for that! Definitely great hangover food!I find Camelia Grill to be absurdly overrated. In a city of amazing food, this does not rank with the best. It's typical diner food and nothing more.My wife and I heard good things about the pecan pie, so we decided to stop in for a bite.  The place has an old diner vibe, which is pretty cool.  The service was prompt and friendly.
The pecan pie was ok, but nothing to write home about really.  They put it on the grill to warm it up.  It looked like the cook scraped the spatula he was using for the burgers on the grill, and then used it to take the pie.  I guess it's too complicated to have spatulas for each kind of food, but it kinda killed the moment for me a bit.Great environment, good food, great price, incredible service.If you're looking for a great late night run for $6 cheeseburgers that'll fill you up, this is where it's at. 
This place is great for drunk moments and late night moments. They close late and they serve all that good greasy type food. I was turnt by hand grenades at Bourbon st, and made my way here by street car. Me and my friend killed about four burgers! We should've had pie but we were stuffed. 
They take their time grilling the burgers as well so it's the real deal!Just so it is no surprise, this is a small place. On a weekend, expect upwards to a 30 minute wait. You will not be seated at a table rather at a bar that wraps around the kitchen. (I'm sure this was done to maximize space and serving time) 
Food here is awesome, I have yet to have anything was not to my liking. Camellia Grill is known for their omelets, so give each one a try. The burgers are more than decent. And from the stranger sitting from my left, the desserts are more than enticing. 
As a side note, I would suggest to management that mop heads, trash, and other similar smell factors are moved far from eating areas as it can sometimes kill the fun of Camellia Grill.Yay!  This place makes me so happy. Great old school diner with wonderful burgers and chili cheese fries. The coffee freeze put us over the top. Looking at the dishes around us I will definitely be back for an omelette and hash browns.Best meal I ate in NOLA. The Manhattan omelet was AMAZEBALLS and the hot roster beef po'boy was incredible. We got the hot pecan pie a la mode and it was heaven. We wanted to keep ordering and eating because it was so good except we felt sick from the huge portions. In a good way! Service from Gilbert was great and food came up super fast. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Great old fashioned place, wonderful food, fast service, and a kind waiter. What else could you need? The line might seem intimidating at first so try not to go during peak hours, but the wait is worth it if you have the time. Must try in Nola.I've been going here since I was a child, through my high school and college years. I'm 36 now and I still love it. You can't find a chocolate freeze like theirs anywhere else! I have to admit, I haven't had a ton of their menu items, because there's something so nostalgic about getting "my usual": cheese omelette with fries and a chocolate freeze. Of course, I've had the burger, the red beans, pancakes, and a few other staples, but that omelette is legit. This is also the best place for late night food in the city. There is usually a wait even for late night, but it's worth the wait. The staff is so friendly and they remember you every time you come in. Most of these guys have worked here for ever! I love how they yell out your order to the cook and he just remembers everything. They get it right every time!I wish I remembered to check in here so I never forget that I was here.. took a streetcar down St. Charles from CBD which is an adventure on its own.  If you're a tourist it's worth it to ride the streetcar once so you can look at all the surrounding architecture. but we're not here for that.. we're here for the food
My friends and I visited NOLA and camellia grill was our last stop before heading back to the airport.. Not all of us made it out but the others definitely missed out.
My friend and I ordered the waffles with sausage (YUM) and the manhattan omelet (even more YUMs).. the omelet is infused with hash browns.. the hash browns alone are delicious as well.  Our third friend ordered the standard eggs, bacon, and hash brown meal.. while we were waiting for our food we saw the guests next to us order cheeseburger and onion rings.. that's when my friend and I decided we NEEDED to get that as well.. The cheeseburger didn't even need to come dressed.. the patty, cheese, and delicious bread is all that was needed.. 
There's nothing negative to say about the food here.. especially given by the fact that we doubled our order just by looking around... and we ate it all...
Can't have a complete meal from this place without their pecan pie.. before they serve the pie to you they grill it for a few moments and of course you HAVE to get it a la mode with the vanilla ice cream on top.. its so delicious.. the bottom portion is nice in crispy while the center is still soft (perfect combo of textures)
I'm drooling.Great place for breakfast where the St Charles line turns north.  There was a significant wait on this very stormy morning, though I'd say it was worth it.  Omelets are fluffy and delish, and service is extremely fast.  But the real winner here to us was the ambiance and service.  The open kitchen is great to watch, the counter style seating lets you meet strangers, and the staff are oh, so nice.Always great!  We lucked out and arrived at the perfect time; sat right down at the counter and ordered an amazing breakfast.  This was my son's first time and he loved it, we will all be back.I heard that the place can be really busy but we must have come in at the right time because there was no wait for seating. We were told that this place is usually crowded. 
The customer service was great. We were helped right away and got our food very quickly. The gumbo was TO DIE FOR. I've had gumbo only a few times before but this by far was the best I've ever had.  If you're in the area definitely try this place out!We went for breakfast. Service was tops. Hash browns were really good. We liked everything about the place. You have to sit at the counter, so if that's not your style, don't go.