Tip the waitress and sit in the courtyard, it's nicer and worth whatever you give them to get there.  Or make a reservation if you can still keep time in New Orleans.
I am not a fan of buffet style but the food we had was good.  High quality for a buffet.  I had a piece of cake there that was amazingly good.  I think it was a doberge cake, it had yellow cake, buttercream, apple compote(i think) and chocolate icing.  I like cake and this one is worth trying.  The catfish and the shrimp etouffee are good.
Expensive with booze, but what else you going to do.Went there for dessert.  Bananas Foster was out of this world.  Joel put on a fiery show for me and my girls.  Great job!Come experience one of the most beautiful and historical Courtyards in the French Quarter. My name is Alan Moore and I'm a server here at The Court of Two Sisters. However; the team members and I would love to invite you to The Court of Two Sisters so that you can allow us to make your dining experience one of your most memorable dining moments. I encourage you to make reservations with me Alan Moore also known as " Da Monopoly Man" during your visit here at The Court of Two Sisters because I am one of the best  and I'm perfect for the work I commit to. Nevertheless, I'm not just a server here at this fantastic restaurant but however, I am a ambassador a lover of history and even more so a "Showman!" I promise to make your experience exquisite and very unique. I hope to see you all soon and remember Laissez le bon temps rouler!!! "Let the good times roll !!!"Beautiful venue. The outdoor court yard is so beautiful. The staff are friendly. We were there for the brunch buffet and there was a huge selection and everything was delicious.Amazing brunch. Lovely atmosphere. We liked the food here so much more than Commanders Palace. We will definitely recommend and return ourselves if back in New Orleans.The food is nearly inedible: our group of six gave up after two trips each- not because we were full, but because we were disappointed in nearly everything. Our service was subpar and we barely heard the jazz trio. Venue is charming, but at $30 a person, you can find an equally nice venue with much better food. Don't be tricked into this tourist trap.Best pulled pork sandwich ive ever had!!!!!! Their bread tastes fresh out of the oven.  Their vegetables are fresh too.The Court of 2 Sisters is a wonderful place. My wife and I came in from Chicago and was recommended this place and it is fantastic. The food is delicious and the ambiance is great. I highly recommend it Sunday brunch outside.We had two free tickets from the Jazz brunch from the hotel. The patio outside was very gorgeous, but we were seated soo far back that I could not hear the Jazz music. The band only played two songs in total the whole time we were there which was for an hour and a half. The waitress's assistant was soo sweet and kind. He was very funny as well. The waitress on the other hand was just plain rude. The food was mediocre, but the price (even though we didn't have to pay for it) was ridiculous for the quality of the food.This place is very nice and well preserved from its original days. We only stayed for drinks but it was worth it. The bar and drinks were as delicious as they were beautiful. The courtyard is also a must see. I also hear the $30 brunch they have every day is amazing.Wir waren an einem gewöhnlichen Mittwoch zum Brunch im "The Court of Two Sisters". Das Restaurant war sehr gut besucht. Wir haben in dem wunderbaren Garten gesessen, eine Jazzband spielte sehr schön und vor allem nicht zu laut!!! , der Service war sehr fix und aufmerksam und das Büfett war wirklich sehr abwechslungsreich, sehr lecker und gut präsentiert. Und hat es hier, obwohl das Restaurant an der Bourbonstreet direkt im French Quarter liegt sehr gut gefallen. Das Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis war ok.This place has loads of atmosphere, great egg, cold salad, seafood and hot creole dishes on the buffet.  Everything is regularly replenished and lines move quickly.  I'd have given it five stars but for two things:  with the exception of happy Birthday played a couple times the jazz band played only one song through our entire 1.5 hour brunch.  In my opinion that does not make for a jazz brunch.  Additionally our server and the passing servers did not clear our dishes so our two top was full of plates.  We also were not offered coffee which is included.  Great experience and fun but if these things can be corrected it will make a big difference!This place is a must for brunch if your visiting the area. The outdoor garden is just as charming as can be, but be forewarned that your seat may be wet so check it before you sit down or else you may end up looking like you peed your pants. I speak from experience clearly.
Service was friendly but the garden and the food were really what make this place stand out. Such a gorgeous setting. The Bloody Mary was below average so that was slightly disappointing. But the sangria with crushed ice is delicious! 
My favorite thing on the buffet was the red beans and rice. Fantastic hangover cure! I had about four plates of the stuff, I just couldn't stop. I also enjoyed that you had the ability to try lots of different New Orleans/creole foods. I'm sure you can find "more authentic" options elsewhere but for the proximity to Bourbon street, this place can't be beat!This place was awesome! We had a lovely time, the food was excellent and the service was amazing! We will surely be coming back again in the future!The service is great,  the court yard and music lovely. The prices are ridiculous for their repulsive  food which looks like it's been there for weeks. Hoping we don't get food poisoning from this tourist trap.The ambiance was great, but service was just atrocious... hostile !
My wife has a food alergy, so we have to ask questions on what ingredients are in the dishes.  When we said that she could not have any wheat prodcuts, our waiter literally Turned His Back on Us !  Stared at the sky, and gave an audible sigh !... as if he were annoyed with us...  He said he would get us the cook, who came out and was very kind and helpful.  For the rest of the night our waiter ignored us, slammed his tray down just behind my wife's chair, and completely gave our table the cold shoulder.  My wife ended up crying at the end of the night, thanks to this jack-ass waiter !     
Next night we went to NOLAS and had a great dinner, and never was made to feel as if we were inferior.  
Conclusion:  Staff is arrogant, rude, and insensitive.A must for any frequent traveler to New Orleans. It's ambiance is lovely, the jazz is great, and the service is sweet. You'll feel warm and fuzzy. The food is traditional and at times a little lacking but definitely worthy of a trip.Foods good nothing crazy but atmosphere is amazing live music is even better. Big place and outdoor seating for brunch.This place was nice, it was enjoyable to sit outside for brunch but I wouldn't call the music playing while we ate jazz, but it was very pleasant. The food was nice, usually with a buffet style, everything is mediocre but it appeared that everything was well cooked and very pleasant to eat. I would go back more for the ambience than the food, but I imagine that's the point.Came here for brunch on Saturday before Mothers Day. We were seated right at our reservation time. Waiter was always attentive and friendly. Atmosphere was beautiful outside and then the FOOD WAS GREAT! Buffet had everything from breakfast-lunch- and dessert! Loved everything about this place. Will be returning and def bringing friends here!Absolutely loved breakfast here!! It is so nice to have a buffet of all the must haves in NOLA in a beautiful courtyard with jazz music. The waitstaff was sooo attentive. Definitely try the banana fosters, shrimp, gumbo, glazed sweet potatoes, homemade ice cream etc! It is all great. 
Also, make sure you make a reservation and request the courtyard. It is so beautiful with live jazz music!Let me begin by saying that I was looking forward to having a jazz brunch here during our weekend visit to NOLA. Unfortunately, it poured on the day that we had reservations, so we were unable to enjoy the gorgeous courtyard!  No big deal, the ambiance and food should make up for that right?  Not hardly. From arriving at the hostess desk and being ignored, then treated like a bother, we were told to wait to the side. The staff were horsing around right next to us. There was no communication between the hostess and the waiter, they just stared at each other. Finally he just started walking to our table, no "right this way" or "follow me please", even a  "kiss my ***" would have been ok.  We sat at our table and he became a little more friendly explaining the process of the brunch after telling him that this was our first time here. 
We headed for the buffet after giving our drink order. Most of the staff were sitting in the hallway leading to the food, blatantly gawking at me while I walked back and forth from the buffet to our table. I did not appreciate this, and felt very uncomfortable!  The "jazz band" played right next to our table, but was less than energetic and excited to do so. The only good thing about them were that they weren't obnoxiously loud. 
Fortunately, everything that I had from the buffet was good except for the turtle soup and cornbread. The homemade ice cream and bananas foster was a sweet ending to the whole experience. 
Needless to say, we will not return to this establishment, and I certainly would not recommend it to anyone that I like.We got a outside table, which is pretty romantic at thanksgiving night. No live music at that time, which is a little bit disappointed. The food is good, our first time Cajun dinner. Service is good as average.For an evening of dining al fresco beneath a gorgeous latticework of wisteria, this venue proved to be truly magnificent.  The very busy restaurant was beautifully managed, the service was attentive and personable, and the food was scrumptious!  All very fresh, well prepared, and beautifully presented, with table side preparation of Cesar salads and jubilee desserts.  The gently illuminated brick courtyard was an ideal "stage" for the little dinner party I shared with my guests.  A charming upscale location that avoids excessive formality, The Court of the Two Sisters was the highlight of a memorable evening.Not generally one to complain, so let me start by saying-- the service we had last Sunday for our noon reservation by Sara was great. She was very sweet and helpful. Also, the food was pretty good! ... My favorite was the crawfish pasta at the salad bar.... That being said- the lines at this time for the buffets were RIDICULOUS. I mean... Waiting in line for almost 30min for the SELF SERVE line. I skipped this line simply because I couldn't bring myself to stand in the line! There is another station that does omelettes and eggs Benedict to order-- I opted for that line because it was actually moving faster than the self serve line. I would give The Court of Two Sisters another chance- the food that I had was very good and the courtyard is awesome- just think I would try it maybe on a weekday and not a Sunday....After searching high and low around town I finally found the turtle soup I was searching for at brunch here. Everything on the buffet was tasty but it was really expensive to eat here. But we loved the outdoor seating and the atmosphere and I finally got to try turtle soup. It was okay but nothing to write home about and to try again.Saturday Jazz Brunch
We were able to get reservations for the Saturday brunch.  We sat in the courtyard to enjoy the Jazz music and the wonderful weather.  Troy provided constant attention and service.  We quickly organized and our group of six headed to the food area in waves.
OHHH, so much to choose from. I started my plate with eggs benedict, then worked down the line taking a taste of the eggs, meats, turtle soup, sweet potatoes, fish, chicken, and so much more.
It was wonderful to sit in the patio, in the sunshine. The music was good but not loud or overwhelming.
Round two covered the salad and desert table. I enjoyed the chicken curry, pecan pie, and other southern tastes.  I ended with very tasty coffee and King's cake.
We stayed for about two hours.  Plan to stay and enjoy the ambiance and good tastes. The food changed from breakfast to a lunch menu midway through, so it was exciting to see the new choices, although I was quite full with my first two plates.
Be sure to touch the "Charm Gate" on the way in or out.Last time I was in the French Quarter I couldn't get in this restaurant so upon returning I made sure I made reservations. I'm glad I did because I loved this place. It's one of the best restaurants in the French Quarter, hence being one of the most well-known.
I had the chicken oscar and it was delicious. We also got the appetizer with the shrimp, crab, and crawfish and it was great. The other members of my party had the roasted half duck l'orange, the crabmeat, crawfish, and shrimp pasta dish, and a red fish special and everyone was extremely pleased with their meals.
I went for dinner, but I'm dying to go for the jazz brunch. I love the ambiance and it's like no other restaurant in that aspect. My waiter, Myles, was one of the most friendly servers that I had in New Orleans. Definitely make reservations here if you'll be in the area.The jazz buffet style brunch in the courtyard was exceptionally welcoming.The staff was totally accommodating and the food was so so good. The grits with braised veal was to die for and the turtle soup with a dash of Sherry was different and again delicious. I can't say enough about that atmosphere of the court yard because it was so comfortable and inviting.Went for buffet brunch. A huge selection of 'ok' food with a few tasty items. IMO, not worth the $30 charged, especially if you don't feel  like overstuffing yourself.  The shrimp were excellent. Coffee was awful. So there were definitely hits and misses. The courtyard is a great atmosphere, and our server was attentive.Came for jazz brunch at the suggestion of a friend. Made reservations well in advance. Was seated all the way in the back away from the jazz.....the very reason we went to jazz brunch in first place. Buffet choices were mediocre (I'm being generous --- quite bad)....shrimp was not cleaned which is something I would expect at a low end buffet but not a "high-end" restaurant.  I will say the sweet potatoes with pecans were absolutely delicious and the service was stellar which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars.  $100 for 2 people for a mediocre brunch is robbery. As if I weren't  horrified enough at the bill....I saw a huge cockroach on the patio floor on the way out.  I'm done I will not be returning....or recommending.It's an old staple of the French Quarter and really comes across that way.  More expensive than it needs to be.  The food is good and sitting outside under the old tree is cool.History lovers eat here!!
Seriously, if there was a restaurant with some history in NOLA's The Court of Two Sisters it! We're talking about a place where the building itself was around since 1726, when Sieur Etienne de Perier - royal governor of colonial Louisiana - was a resident there. Now that's old school!!
Food?
I ended up coming here for their Jazz Brunch. To my delight, I was seated at a pleasant distance next to the band in their courtyard that looked like it was straight out of Better Homes and Gardens magazine. It was beautiful. 
Oh yeah the food. I have to admit that the four stars is reflection of the atmosphere and the service more than anything else. While nothing in their buffet selection of breakfast and Cajun/creole foods was a complete standout, many would agree that there made-to-order omelets are king. 
There service certainly made up for any mediocrity in their food as our server was more than attentive to my needs refilling my drinks without the need for me to ask. Further, given that I was an out-of-towner, he made an effort to answer any question I had about the French Quarter and New Oleans in general. 
While I have yet to sample from their regular non-buffet menu, TCOTS is worth the dining experience simply for the atmosphere, service, and history.I went for the jazz brunch, and had a lovely time. It's served buffet style, but your server will bring you an omelet or eggs benedict upon request. (It's included with the brunch, as are all non-alcoholic drinks.) They have a huge variety of salads and other cold dishes that are made fresh and very tasty. I particularly liked the nice chunks of herring in cream sauce. They also had pick-and-peel shrimp (with cocktail sauce or remoulade) and turtle soup. The hot dishes were good but not exceptional. They do have a lot of meat options--sausage links, sausage patties, bacon, veal, cajun sausages, and smothered chicken. The service was top quality--very attentive and friendly. The courtyard is BEAUTIFUL, and the jazz trio is the perfect touch. It's a special occasion place (i.e., not cheap), but well worth doing.Employee refused to honor reservation for outside table.
There was piss all over the floor in the woman's bathroom floor, disgustingWe went for the jazz brunch. The service was impeccable! The patio is gorgeous and exactly what you imagine when you imagine outdoor dining in New Orleans. The food was tasty. It's a buffet, so it's not Michelin quality. But there are a lot of southern favorites and everything is very tasty! The jazz trio on the patio was just perfect. Eric and Takiba are pros and made our experience wonderful!Love this place!! Good music! Good eats! Will visit again in the future and do recommend!A friend said that, while in NOLA, this spot was a "can't miss" opportunity.  Fresh off the plane, we headed straight here for dinner.  The venue is truly fantastic--the seating area has a magical almost Disney feel to it:  fountains, white linen, candles, fairy lights adorning the enormous Banyan tree, excitement in the air.  The food wasn't bad - but I didn't have anything for which I'd definitely rush back.  I will recommend the place for a date night or special event strictly based on the seating area.  And the server, Orville, was animated and wonderful.  But we'll search for some other NOLA delicacies while we work our way through the rest of our time here.  
Update:  dessert was just served-bread pudding.  I usually don't eat desserts, however, I'm really glad I made an exception here.  This is truly exceptional.  I take my statement back that I wouldn't come back for anything--this dessert is worth a return trip.So visiting Nola for first time, recommendations to come here, hmmmm.  Service poor, menu expensive 25 to 30 dollar entrees, 10 dollars cocktails, food was good, cafeteria style feel to it.  Cost was expected, so no issue there, but the lack of attention was completely unacceptable.  Was not offered appetizer selection, drink menu, desert.  It was a pity really.  I wouldn't come here and two stars only because food was average.First time visit to the French quarter and I'm glad we got to try this restaurant out. We got a seat out in the courtyard for dinner which is just beautiful with all the white lights in the trees and the fountain in the center of the courtyard. The food was great! We ordered Ala Carte but the better value is the $46/pp which gives you the choice of an appetizer, soup/salad, entree and dessert. We just didn't want to eat that much at that late hour so we decided to go Ala Carte. I ordered the shrimp and grits and they were awesome! They also bring you a complimentary loaf of fresh, hot french bread before your meal. Our servers were great. The ONLY negative was that we got charged $4 for (2) glasses of ice water which shocked the heck out of me. I have never been charged for water from a restaurant before. I only drank water but my husband ordered coffee with his dessert. Everything else was so good that I decided not to say anything to them about it. But it did not sit well with me which is why I am mentioniong it here.For many, many years my friend's mom has mentioned this place to me about the time she came here for brunch a long time ago. Based on that conversation, I had The Court of Two Sisters on my short list for brunch options and made a reservation for Sunday brunch. For $30, you can enjoy a jazz brunch which features made-to-order Cajun Omelets which are amazing, fruit, standard breakfast items, classic New Orleans dishes (ie Jambalaya, red beans and rice, etc), roast beef, shrimp, veal, lunch items, and a variety of desserts (including an ice cream sundae bar). The brunch also comes with coffee or tea, but for extra you can get mimosas or other beverages.
The dress code is everything from casual to dressy. No matter what you wear, you'll fit in and look the part. I had on a dress there but there were many people there wearing shorts and jeans, and we all felt comfortable.
The courtyard here is huge and very picturesque! The trees and and canopy provide great shade from the sun. All of the food on the menu was great. I highly recommend the omelets, bananas foster, the sweet potatoes, the neopolitan cake, and some of their unique fare like sweet potatoe salad. The service was also very good.
I must admit, a slight downside to sitting under the trees here was that various insects would fall on us and the table. I didn't see any fall in my plate fortunately, but it kind of made brunch a little bit more of a nature adventure than I'd prefer. In spite of this, TCOTS is a great place for brunch in the French Quarter! 
Just make sure you make a reservation! I saw a couple who said that they had a 10:30am reservation get told that they didn't and had to wait,and upon exiting the restaurant, the main hallway and lobby was overflowing with people waiting for a table! You've been warned!If you want to here the music call to make a reservation outside, but the jazz brunch is delicious all though a bit light on the jazz. The brunch is worth every penny of the $30.Came here with my girlfriend for the Jazz Brunch after a long night of partying on Bourbon Street. This 'luxury Creole buffet' definitely hit the spot. Everything we sampled was very good and the overall experience was great. Sitting outside in the picturesque, wisteria covered courtyard right next to the fountain listening to the band playing in the distance was awesome. Court of two Sisters also earned extremely high remarks in my book for the most courteous, forthcoming and genuinely nice staff I have ever experienced at any establishment (and I made sure to let the management know that!).Such an awesome staff! 
Came here Christmas Eve night for dinner after mass at the St Louis cathedral. Most places we called during that week didn't pick up their phones, said they don't take reservations for the holidays (Christmas Eve or Christmas Day) or they were booked solid. We figured we would just try our luck and walk in somewhere that didn't take reservations or if any place had cancellations. We walked around several places and every where was packed. It was freezing and then we finally arrived to court of two sisters before heading home. 
We walked in and they were booked but they said they would make something work. What an awesome staff! They did so with such joy and smiles on their faces!! They quickly seated us for a party of 6 and also managed to do something special for my little sister, who's birthday was that day (she's a Christmas Eve baby). 
Food was delicious!!!! Drinks were delicious!!! Staff was excellent. Escargot was perfect and I kept some of the bread to dip it with. The steak was perfect! 
I cannot recommend this place more. A true New Orleans jewel.My husband took me here for my birthday in June 2016.  We were visiting from New York and walking in the evening, looking for a good restaurant and came upon The Court of Two Sisters.  Great choice, the food was delicious, and the warm french bread was outstanding.   The courtyard is beautiful and the waiters were outstanding.   We will be back next month for Mardi Gras!I celebrated my birthday at the jazz brunch and received a special birthday salute from the stellar band.  Sipping mimosas in the courtyard atmosphere with the stone path, shady tents and acoustic jazz three-piece was very, very relaxing.  The food was absolutely exquisite.  Favorites included the duck a' l Orange, crawfish Louise and catfish remoulade.  Save room for dessert: bread pudding, bananas foster, pecan pie and more.  Couldn't imagine a more perfect, romantic setting!The jazz brunch was wonderful and the atmosphere adds to your experience. Our only concern was using the voucher which we had bought online. The server did not know how to redeem it and what it included, even when we had a printout of inclusions. She argued with us about what was included and not included. Overall, everything was great with the exception of the training needed for the staff on redeeming a voucher.We made a jazz brunch reservation and was worried when passing the unassuming entrance from Bourban street. We were shocked when turning the corner into the courtyard. This place is beautiful and the servers are great. The buffet was plenty full and good.ambiance and service make up for food.  however decent for an all you can eat buffet.  but still pretty pricey.Suoer great atmosphere in the courtyard.  Food and Deserts were fantastic.  Ivan was a spectacular serverThis was some of the best food I had in NOLA. Make a reservation! We had the brunch buffet ($32/per person) which offers an omelet bar made to order, salads, desserts, and a variety of Cajun/Creole food.  The omelets were delicious but my favorite foods were the red beans & rice, grits, turtle soup, gumbo, hashbrowns, and banana bread. I can't wait to go back here next visit! New favorite!Let me start by saying I am not a fan of buffets. I have very bad memories of a Duffs Smorgasbord from childhood starting with the food and ending with the clientele. Sorry, but it was gross. 
We were looking for a place in the quarter, and my lovely sister in law suggested Two Sisters, I knew of it and had wanted to go, never could remember it until after we had already eaten somewhere else until today. I did not realize it was a buffet. Imagine my hesitation. All was well when we looked down the hall, heard the excellent jazz Dixieland trio through the doorway into the courtyard, and everything was great from there. Mimosa?, asked Gary, our server. Why yes, we replied. He said, for only $6 more you can have the bottle. What a great idea, said we. It was. 
The buffet was varied, fresh, and excellent. The omelets were fabulous, eggs Benedict was, well eggs Benedict. The pancakes were described as 'the best I have ever had'. I didn't try them. They were thick and fluffy. Pecan pie fabulous, homemade whipped cream, divine. The cafe au lait was the best I have had. Sorry, Cafe du Monde. Really glad we came hungry. And thirsty.Our first visit to Court of Two Sisters and it was lovely. We sat outside and enjoyed the music, and food and atmosphere. Our waitstaff was very attentive and friendly as well. Can't believe in all our visits to NOLA that we haven't stopped here for the brunch. It's a must for us the next time too.We only stopped in for a quick cocktail during our day of roaming the Quarter. What a treat to find Jon waiting for us at the bar!  Interesting and engaging conversation and a good stiff bourbon poured by a generous hand. 
I'd be happy to give it 5 stars if only the seating hostess hadnt acted as if we were the poor relations showing up to dinner uninvited. Bless her heart.A recommendation by a friend brought me to this place for brunch. Walking across the beautiful courtyard into the cozy lobby, we were seated right away, walking past the buffet on our way to our table. The light Jazz was nice, but went on a 30 minute break as we sat down, so didn't get to hear too much. I tried some of the breakfast food and Cajun food that was in the "hot" section of the buffet. However, hot it was not. At all. More like room temp, no flavor. The salmon was much to fishy (even for salmon), the jambalaya was cold, eggs were VERY runny. The only yummy thing I had there was their cornbread stuffing. Amazing. Their only redeeming food item. Oh, and the salad. But how could I go wrong when one makes their own salad? Oh well. The staff was pleasant, although it would have been nice for him to make a few suggestions, house specialties. Wanna pay close to thirty bucks for a less than mediocre brunch? Go here.This is a fun experience for lunch, but be prepared to pay $30.00.  The food selection is wonderful and a taste of New Orleans.  Hot and cold food selection along with dessert.  Don't sit outside.  Its too crowded and you sit in chairs that rock because of the cobblestone.  The service is fair, but its still worth the trip.  I will return again when in New Orleans.I've been to NOLA 3 times with different people, and we always end up here for brunch.  The buffet is just OK.  They make their mimosas with some type of undrinkable champagne - I tried this only once and had to push it away.  Service was adequate and friendly, though, and the courtyard is lovely.  I would hafta say that I think this place is basically for tourists (which usually translates as mediocre).The only place in Nola I won't be going back to again.....
Nothing about this place was good. We had a reservation for 20 people for a 60th birthday celebration during their Friday Jazz brunch. When we arrived they would not seat us until everyone arrived even though it was a buffet set up. Fine. Once they tried to seat us they have two sections set up for our party meaning the seating was not together. We look to the right and there is another setting for 20 ready with the sections together. The server says we cannot sit there at it is reserved for another party (same amount of people who hadn't showed up yet). Really?! so we have the same number of people and our party is here and theirs isn't but we can't take their section??? That didn't go over well with our elderly party because they aren't that mobile and this seating area was was elevated in their back area. They asked that we go back to the front ( walk past all other diners, past the food, and back to the front) and wait for them to push our tables together. That was a definite no for those with walking sticks and limps which should have been obvious to the server. Thankfully one of them notice and went to ask the hostess if it was okay for us to move. FINALLY it was. That was a mess in itself.
Other than that the food was below par for $30 p/p and only included water, tea, or coffee in that price. So if you wanted a cola you needed to fork up 3-4 more dollars...only thing I would recommend is the ribs and the shrimp. 
The end. :(I took my three grown daughters to this brunch and we were all very disappointed. We are foodies and expected, for the bucks, to experience a quality brunch. The food was average, the presentation was sloppy, the attention to detail was poor and the place was overcrowded to the point it had a Greyhound bus terminal feel. Our waiter never once made any kind of eye contact or gave us any sense he cared at all.
Given the hype and the place's supposed reputation for quality we were very disappointed. We all strongly suspect this was not an off day--that it was their norm--and indicative of a place coasting on a reputation no longer deserved. None of us would recommend this brunch. Save your money and eat at GW Finn's.Amazing food, outstanding service with classy staff. Chico Hamilton and some Dr. John in the background. Be smart and eat here for dinner or the legendary brunch. You won't be disappointed, unless you complain about everything.Phenom Nawlings Brunch! Sit outside and enjoy the live classy Jazz in the background while you sip chicory coffee and enjoy the "sea slaw" with amaze_balls corn bread and omg the gumbo. It was definitely quiet an UNEXPECTED pleasant experience (I checked them out because of an ad I saw in the where magazine and usually those tend to be thumbs mediocre)All I can say is YUMMINESS while looking for a minute to break off of Bourbon Street!!!  I didn't myself get to attend the Jazz Brunch, but several friends did, and they said it was awesome.i wouldn't probably go here if i was a New Orleanian but for a tourist, the Court of Two Sisters kind of delivers on the decrepit gothic feeling of Old New Orleans with tons of history and a high degree of loyalty to the local favorites like Crawdaddies and Jumbalaya. The Sunday Buffet is famous but it's a cattle call to the trough. The food comes out delicious but the presentation is near disastrous in the steam tables.The restaurant is older and has charm galore.  It's gorgeous sitting outside; be prepared to wait and enjoy the slower pace :) The food is good.  The shrimp and grits, their "Signature Dish," is lackluster, as it's the barbecue shrimp appetizer with some grits added.It is easy to be lead in from the street. Very intriguing old school New Orleans ( pronounced : New Or-Lins or New Or-lee-ans - it does not rumor with green beans!)
There is a dark mysterious-ness as you walk thru the covered alley entrance festooned with swash buckling stuff. Ounce inside you are greeted by a dingy creepy cluttered stairway leading to a couple of dining rooms that were pretty cool 100 years ago but now need a good scrubbing. You do not want to sit up there if you are there for the $50. per person breakfast buffet on the first floor. 
Go there for a cocktail if you must.This place was *horrible*. Sunday Jazz Brunch - outdated decor, bad service (one job: keep our coffee full. Failure. Had to flag him down for the only refill we got, and there were grounds in my cup), huge line for the buffet, gross food (maybe half an egg in my omelet?), minimal jazz, and we weren't even able to be seated in the courtyard. $70 for 2 without alcoholic beverages is an absolute ripoff - it was worth *maybe* $5. Don't waste your time or money. I left hungry and pissed.I don't think you can top the Jazz Brunch to kick off a New Orleans day!  The ambiance sets this courtyard dining experience apart. The food and service were great. The buffet selection has something for everyone. Well played, you rascally Two Sisters!!Took my brother and mother here for Brunch after being told that he was excellent place to go by friend.   The service was 5 stars everyone was nice polite and enviroment was great , outdoor seating in courtyard or inside the main room and setting was very nice.  Food was very good had overall great experience.Brunch food was great, but I'm only giving two stars since my purse apparently walked away from my chair and ended up in "a cabinet in the back" this morning. Didn't end up at the front or at lost in found. 
It also took awhile to get drinks even though we were one of two tables seated in the room. By the time I got back from the buffet we still had no water or coffee. We were almost finished with our plate by the time our mimosas came. Pretty disappointed in the service.Absolutely loved this place. The brunch was awesome, ambience was perfect and, well, how can you improve on the location?  The spread wis nearly epic and the quality of the food was good as well. The waiting staff was professional and friendly.Not worth the price, two wrong orders. We had three people order coca colas and were never given they're drinks and when asked the waiter said they don't serve regular coke only diet and proceeding to walk away not letting us know when we ordered that that wasn't an option or even giving us alternatives. Fortunately the only person to order diet received a regular from the server so who knows. if you come in with a big group your lucky if half get service. The food was over spiced but the main issue is being the service, at the high cost and atmosphere that this place is trying to portray the service does not come anywhere close. Save your money and go somewhere else.We came here for brunch on Saturday at around 10am. We made reservations, but we didn't really need it. There was plenty of seating inside and out. There are two jazz trios, one for the outdoor courtyard and one for inside. The outdoor seating is quaint.  The cobblestone on the ground is a bit uneven with lots of water puddles. The vines above are really pretty, but its a bit annoying to continuously pluck fallen leaves and debris out of your food and drinks. There are two "boats" of cold food, one for cheeses, salads, etc and one for desserts. There is one line of hot food. I just wasn't impressed with the food selection for this $30 brunch. They had grits, dry pancakes, bread pudding, creamed spinach, hash browns, eggs, ham, breakfast meats, biscuits. They finally set up the carving station after 11am. I would much rather head to a brunch where I can order one, good quality entree. This place is more about quantity than quality.Came here on my Cocktail tour.  Had some sort of a fruity drink which was meh.  Looked like a fun bar and restaurant though.This is a no-brainer for an out of the ordinary brunch in NOLA.
Don't go somewhere average to eat pancakes or an omelette when you can go here instead. You can sit outside in their large and beautiful courtyard, listen to amazing live jazz music and help yourself to a buffet of various authentic and delicious brunch options.
I ignored the standard brunch fare for items that are done right in New Orleans. The jambalaya, red beans and rice, grits and peal and eat shrimp were incredible. I could have probably eaten three platefuls if I hadn't wanted to spend my day in a carb induced coma. I've seriously never tried grits that were as rich and buttery in my life. 
Most of the seating is outside in the courtyard, and the ambiance is bright and cheery.  I came in for a friends bachelorette party and it was a great pick to celebrate the festive occasion. The jazz band even came over and sang a special song for our guest of honor!
We also had great service, and our waiter Bryan was super friendly and helpful. He was there with a champagne refill every time our bellini glass was low- doesn't get much better than that. 
Going on vacation is all about trying places that you can't find at home. Court of Two Sisters is definitely where you want to go to do that in NOLA.Had the tenderloin and like the name says it was very tender could cut it with a fork. Shrimp and grits was very good too. Whatever you do do not order a bloody Mary as that had to be the worst bloody Mary ever had it tasted like SpaghettiOs without the noodles! Even the other drinks I ordered which is not made well. Still nice place good foodIf you are in New Orleans, this should be your first choice for brunch. The selection is incredible, omelets made to order, pancakes, shrimp, fruits and a variety of salads. There was a wide array of meats, including a stew. Phenomenal. I loved the outdoor seating and typically I would prefer indoor dining. The live jazz was a great touch. Great mimosas and bellinis! Service was excellent as well, the staff was courteous and accommodating.I am not a food critic but here's what you really need to know, people come to The Court of Two Sisters for the ambience and good food. The restaurant is beautiful, the food is very good and the wait staff tries very hard. As for those critics below that beat up the Court's brunch buffet, all I have to say is "who critiques a freaking buffet".  Give me a break.Wonderful dinner.  Both the catfish and the chicken were great.  The expresso and desserts are outstanding.  Lee really made the service experience memorable.The service was horrible. The food looked and tasted like it was microwaved and a cockroach was beside our table. When we told the manager he was rude and said "it is just that time of year for cockroaches to be out". Gross.Great place for brunch. Ask to sit in the outdoor patio for a little jazz and great ambiance. The buffet brunch is $35pp and the drinks are reasonably priced and delicious. Don't miss the omelet bar where you can add your own ingredients including shrimp and crab. Staff is super friendly and attentive as well.