The chicken pesto pressed sandwich was delicious and who doesn't love a place that is pumping Bad Brains thru the speakers? I recognized the owner who was friendly, helpful, and gracious to everyone...and in speaking he revealed that he's from the northshore, too. Congrats and good luck to Gene!If you are not looking for this place you may walk past it and that would be a shame. It is a casual friendly atmosphere, it's almost like eating at home but you don't have to do the work. When we walked in, it was empty, within 15 minutes the place was jam packed with a long line. The food was great and there is a decent amount of variety.This is a great place for lunch uptown. It is very cozy inside, and they have a large selection of bottled sodas and Zapps chips. The couple that run it are so nice, and the food is fabulous.  I love the shrimp club, the cuban sandwich and the creole corned beef, especially.  There are so many great things on the menu that I still have yet to try.  You can get your sandwich pressed if you want.  This place is very popular, but  it isn't very big inside, so you may want to call in your order and take it to go.  Don't forget to get a brownie for dessert on your way out.  
I just wish it was closer to my office or they were open on weekends, so I could eat there more often!We were on our way to a walking tour of the Garden District and were looking for a quick bite to eat. The Grocery is two short blocks from the Washington stop of the St. Charles street car. Ordered the Turkey Melt & the Grocery Club. Excellent sandwiches, reasonably priced, and a relaxing vibe. Definitely on our list for lunch times stops any time where're in the Garden District.Went here for lunch today for the first time, and it definitely lived up to its ratings. My partner and I enjoyed their Shrimp Club... it was fantastic. They ran out of avocado, so they paid for my beer. Great customer service, and excellent food! I want to try everything on the menu!!! It is our new favorite lunch spot.Quaint, delicious sandwich shop! Located in a corner building on St. Charles Ave, so sitting outside and watching the streetcars go by is nice. The staff were very friendly. My biggest complaint are the hours- they close a 4pm during the week and 3pm on Saturday's. I wish they were open later. 
I had an ah-mazing grilled cheese w/ bacon, tomato and onion paired with an Abita Strawberry. They also have pressed poboys, which gives the classic New Orleans poboy a nice twist.The service here is fantastic. The people are upbeat, friendly, and helpful. The interior of the shop really does feel like a "grocery", very open with large double-door coolers which display beverages from fruit juice to beer. The staff got my sandwich and salad out quickly.
However.... of the two times I have been here, the sandwiches have been sub-par, especially considering the price. The meat is quality, but the bread, cheese, and veggies are all a bit lacking in flavor. I have ordered two different "specialty" sandwiches, which were essentially just turkey and bacon club sandwiches, and I feel like I could make a better one at home in no time. Stein's deli has specialty sandwiches for around the same price, but a thousand times better. 
I've heard that the hot sausage po-boy is delicious. I might just be ordering wrong here. I respect the wide range of items on the menu, and overall I have only had good experiences at The Grocery. But... next time I crave a no-fail, worth-the-money, perfect-tasting sandwich, I probably won't be coming here again.Fantastic sandwiches in a wonderful neighborhood area with great service from the owner.  Would highly recommend during a visit to the Garden District.YUM! SO GOOD! 
I wish I wouldve taken pictures of the menu and/or our orders (all five seconds the food lasted). They just have a great mix of things, salads, a delicious vegetarian sandwich options, fresh avocados, some meatier options for carnivores, a variety of soups, beer, chips and my friend said the gumbo was much better than any other restaurants we hit up. 
I also like the totally chill atmosphere of The Grocery. Their hours are a bit limited, but it was great to hit up right after the lunch rush. There was prob a dozen people total in there (its small but still has ample seating) and the guy who took our order chatted with us the whole time from behind the counter. He was an absolute doll. 
This was my first visit to The Grocery, but will not be my last at all.Ok, please do not turn around and leave when you walk in this place. Their food is very good for what the outer appearance may tell you. I had to walk up to the guy behind the counter to tell him that the gumbo I had ordered was the best I had eaten in our one week trip to New Orleans.Always love the small business owner.   Working long hours.  Making fine quality products.  This is such a restaurant.   A sandwich shop of fresh food.  Po-boys with fresh rolls.   Had the tuna salad.  Yummy.   And for someone who wants a beverage that is a little different this is it.  Stewart's Root Beer is just one.  Lots of fun. Plus if you want to take some taste of New Orleans home they have a ton of packaged spices that will give a zip to your mundane cuisine.  The staff will guide your taste buds.I'll set the scene.
Walk in and you're looking directly at the giant menu hanging from the ceiling by the counter where your friendly cashier is ready to take your order and you better be ready cuz he is on point!
You finally choose what you want and then you sit and wait (don't be confused you pay after you get your food and not before).
Go pop a squat and wait...chat with friends, grab a drink from the cooler, grab a bag of chips and then enjoy the scenery and relax.
Back to your friendly cashier, once he calls your name you'll walk back up to the counter with your drink and your chips and you'll be ready to pay.
There is some lovely st. charles seating outside and if you're like me you love a lovely day and it's even better with a lovely chicken salad sandwich!
The sandwich was delicious! yum yum yum... :)  go enjoy you'll love it too!Our first stop on our recent trip to Nola. Hungry from our flight we stopped in at this local spot near our hotel on St. Charles Ave. 
Housed in an old storefront, The Grocery is a cool place for some homemade sandwiches. I had the Cubano pressed sandwich and F had the pressed Muffulatta. Both were yumm. Nice low key vibe, nothing fancy, but if I lived nearby, I would eat here often.
At the table next to us they ordered milkshakes that look sooo good. Next time....Let me say first off, that I REALLY want the new Grocery to do well. I live right down the street so I plan to frequent the place as often as I did the old Grocery. 
With that said, improvements do need to be made. They need to add more tables inside and I figured they would have redecorated a bit, but the place looks shabby (and not shabby chic). I waited *30 minutes* for my to-go salad, which is absurd, particularly since it wasn't that busy and they have two cooks on the line. Check out girl must have been having a really bad day because not a smile crossed her face the entire time I was waiting. Definitely room for improvement and I expect that as they find their footing, service will catch up to speed. 
The food was AWESOME. My salad was fresh and tasty. Their menu is well-curated with enough options to please a group and interesting enough to please someone looking for a special sandwich. It may be the case that a smaller menu would be better to start with as the cooks find their rhythm, then add more menu items (easy marketing too -- "New menu item!") once service times are reasonable. 
Fix up that interior and improve service -- this place will be a goldmine! I have about five sandwiches I want to try so believe me, I'll be back!Mufelletta,  a beer,  soda and bag of chips.  $16 for all.  It was tasty,  but probably not worth the $ or the half hour wait.I'm not a huge sandwich person, but this place is delicious. Tried one of their pressed sandwiches-- solid! Very friendly staff. Clean, cool. It was actually pretty quiet when stopping-- I was expecting it to be a lot busier. If you're staying in the area, would definitely recommend.It has become tradition for GF and I to stop into The Grocery for sandwiches on our way out of NoLa.  The mufuletta is ridiculously garlicky, the po boys are extrordinary and the staff are always super sassy and friendly.  Also it's right by the streetcar.
Don't bother with the sandwich places on Decatur or whatever, just go here.In a quaint little house-looking building is this gem of a sandwich shop. The pressed po'boys were excellent. Ranked in order of deliciousness (out of what we ordered) - Cuban, Muffaletta, hot roast beef w gravy, and the last one was a BBQ roast beef. The Cuban was amazing. I wanted more. The bread was perfectly toasted and the meat and cheese inside wonderfully smothered. The Muffaletta was pretty good although much too salty for my taste. The hot roast beef w gravy was messy to eat but pretty tasty. It falls apart completely and the taste was good but not memorable. The shop is great to stop by for a quick bite and the parking is easier to find than French quarters. The BBQ roast beef was actually pretty bad. Nobody in out group could eat more than w bite of it but the other sandwiches were good enough to make up for that one.been here more times than i can count, every single sandwich is delicious, the nicest owner you'll ever meet as well.I had the best sandwich in recent memory. It was the pesto and chicken sandwich. My husband also really liked his sandwich however I do not recall what he had. It doesn't matter though, whatever you get is going to be good.Great Milan pressed sandwich (roast beef with horseradish mayo).  Great customer service...mmmmAfter scanning through the handwritten menu on the chalkboard, I decided to go with the New Orleans style roast beef poboy. The sandwich lived up to the "New Orleans style" nomenclature. I'm still not sure how or why, but excessive gravy and mayonnaise forms a ridiculously awesome and artery clogging sauce on French bread. As I was finishing off the last few bites with a much needed fork and wandering why I didn't get my sloppy poboy pressed (The Grocery's specialty).Came down south for vacation and I gotta say I love this little sandwich shop. The service was great everyone is so friendly here and the food is top notch. This was my first time here and I'm already hooked. This will definitely be my go to spot whenever I'm down here. The food is also priced fairly I got the turkey club and my gf got the chicken pesto sandwich (don't remember the name) but both were amazing. The portions are also huge! You definitely get what you pay for.Why did I turn down a job offer in New Orleans to live in Houston?  2 weeks vacation instead of 4, that is why.  But is it worth it?  When visiting New Orleans and eating the food, no.  
I include The Grocery in this decision.  On business, I was not allowed to extend my trip an additional night, but was allowed to spend a Saturday.  I had one goal: find the best sandwich in New Orleans. I demanded satisfaction, and The Grocery answered.
True, it took a little too long for my Creole Corned beef to press, but I was not pressed for time.  And the side of Potato Salad was a little too texturally reminiscent of bentonite mud (but at least it lacked too much egg, mustard, mayonnaise, or whatever most delis ruin it with,) but the sandwich was incredible.  Plus, they were playing the Magnetic Fields 69 Love Songs on the stereo.  An amazing but soul searching album(s), it's not really sandwich eating material.  It is kind of sad.   Eating sandwiches when sad is not my coping mechanism.  But the sandwich tasted amazing.  What else was amazing?  When I walked out they said "Goodbye John."  It almost made me want to run back inside and discuss other Merge Record artists. I have no doubt they would be been nonplussed.
My only recommendation would be to have more hard to find grocery items to live up to the name.  This would probably result in less profit margins but it would have been awesome.My sandwich (the Sausage Melt) was fantastic, and I cannot recommend it enough. My wife was not crazy about her Tuna Melt. To be fair, her main complaint was that the sauce had a strong mustard flavor, which very well may appeal to others, but it did not to her. The place is in a great location, just off the St. Charles Street Car, and has a really neat, interesting vibe. It is small in there, but when we ate lunch, it was not ridiculously busy, so that did not inhibit our experience. The service is a little on the slow side, but they tell you that in advance. You just shouldn't expect to pop in and out like you might in some sandwich shops.Great little sandwich shop on the corner of st Charles and 6th. Easy parking on the street. We ran into here for a quick bite before heading to the Lafayette cemetery. Really unique menu. They press their po boys. Who da thunk?! I had the muffalatta and my parents split the tuna. My brother in law got a BLT and said there was plenty of B. My niece got roast beef with gravy, I think. She finished it! I split mine with my sister and couldn't finish it.  They also have all the local beers and chips and lots of other interesting drinks to choose from like unfiltered ginger ale. I had an Abita amber since I don't get that in Cali and always like to drink the local beers.  They have a small little unisex bathroom in the storage area. They also have local fare groceries. We bought some fleur de lis shaped pasta,  some king cake mix and bread pudding mix. Whole family was satisfied. Thanks!Great sandwiches and friendly staff, will defiantly be camping back the next time we visitI've only eaten one thing here in the last 8 years or so, and it's the cuban. Hot pressed, creole mustand and melted cheese, nice clean sandwich. And it fills you up. The owner, such a great fellow, knows me by name and knows to get the cuban ready for me as I usually order for pickup. I'm often ordering for pick up cause it takes ages to get your food though. But good things require patience right!Pretty cool locals spot that's been here for years. Tried them out awhile back and just now getting to my review. I was in need of a good Cuban sandwich and I heard they had one. Didn't disappoint it wasn't authentic but I can appreciate a good take on one.I know this makes me an impulsive jerk, but I saw this place from the St. Charles streetcar and immediately thought, "that's where I'm having lunch!" and proceeded to push my way through gobs of overweight tourists to jump off the street car. 
The menu was overwhelming, but an awesome member of the helpful staff sorted it out for me and I went with his muffuletta recommendation. Yum. Cheesy, salty, gooey, crunchy - just as he described. 
Also, the Abita rootbeer is amazing. I'd say it pays to be an impulsive jerk.Great lunch spot! The Cuban & voodoo chips were awesome and the guy working the counter couldn't have been nicer. Seemed like a locals spot & not touristy at all.I was excited to hear about this place from a friend and to try a sandwich. 
When we arrived there was a table with 5 people and a couple sitting at another table. We walked up and ordered. 25 minutes later we finally got our sandwiches. Were they baking the bread? Killing the mushrooms? Slaying the olives? The world will never know.
I had a veggie melt with cheese, mushrooms, avocado and tomato. My friend had the Muffalota. The sandwiches Were good. The French bread was Friday and the cheese melted.
The two things that left me feeling flat about this place was the crazy time it took to get the sandwiches with no crowds and the price at $8.75 each. It would have been acceptable at $5.99, but they were not good enough to warrant the price.* First Timer* 
Walked in and checked out the menu, confused since most Nola isn't common to someone new to the area.  I notice the Talking Heads playing in the background...hmmm interesting.
Im told to get a muffuletta since that was what the staff loved. Right on. "Help yourself to chips and drinks".  What does that mean?  That means go crazy on the tons of beer,soda, and Voodoo chips, as long as you tell them honestly what you consume. I look around...careful not to be thought of as stealing...and play on my phone. The Police come on...and one of their rare good ones...WTF is goin' on?
I hear my name...and slow mo ' mode starts...Miss You (Extended Disco Version) by the Stones plays ( I know this rare version since I played harmonica in a band that  worshipped the stones in college) making me instantly love this place. Price was $12 for the whole ordeal, they trust that your honest and eat what you say concerning chips/soda.
I sank my teeth into the glorious NOLA treat known as the muffuletta, and go into a druglike induced haze, with one of the staff whistling the harmonica part of Miss You as the last thing I remember.
I came to with Miike Snows "Animal" playing and I then decided to wait for the FQ Mardi Grass parade within this sanctuary reading, playing droid games, helping staff...I didnt give a damn.
Come here for the food and kick-ass staff. Stay for the refreshing  tunes and atmosphere. Cheers.First of all, we walked in and the cooler was broken so all of the drinks were warm. Second, we waited 45 minutes for our sandwiches which were burnt and dry. If I'm going to be spending $14 for a sandwich and chips, I'd at least like it to not be burnt. I've been before and had a good experience but don't ever go if it's crowded or if you're in a rush, because it'll take at least 30 minutes to get your expensive sandwich.Randomly decided on The Grocery after scouring Yelp for restaurants in the Garden District area.... and we were very happy with our choice. 
Ordered (in order from best):
1) Creole Corned Beef pressed sandwich (w/ Provolone, Russian Dressing, coleslaw). Really enjoyed the consistency of the dressing, the texture of the ingredients, and the overall goodness of this sandwich. Would definitely order again.
2) Hot Pastrami PoBoy.  (Really good poboy... the Creole Corned Beef sandwich is still tops)
3) Brie and Mushroom Bisque. (really good soup. Was a nice way to start the meal)
Refrigerator full of water, sodas, beers and other goodies. 
Get full off of a sandwich and a beer and walk around a few blocks...maybe over to Lafayette cemetery.Great poboys right on St Charles.
The roast beef poboy with gravy was incredible and maybe the best I've had, so messy but so good.  Everything about this sandwich was great, down to the bread and especially the gravy combined with the meat.  The pressed muffuletta was really great as well, not quite as good as the poboy, but the combination of vegetable spread on pressed panini was delicious.
With a large selection of sandwiches, unique sodas, and plenty of Zapp's chips, this is a fantastic lunch option.The hot roast beef with gravy was fantastic, but get a ton of napkins!  Service was great.funky friendly and delicious grilled chicken salad. most of the customers are nearby business folk.Awesome food!! I could eat them everyday for lunch!! Grocery salad with chicken and Cuban pressed poyboy is my favorite!!!Excellent food & service!  Had pressed Rubin sandwich, Cuban, and beers. super choice of local beers.Huge and tasty sandwiches!  Finished a Garden City tour and found the recommendation on Yelp. Great selections, friendly staff and casual atmosphere.We had a reservation at Commander's palace but it was a bummer that they didnt allow us inside since we were wearing shorts! We yelped for places to eat around and this one was right around the corner. Once we stepped in, it smelled good! They had some novelty drinks and beers to try. Also, on yelp checkin, we got a free bag of chips which was a good deal! 
The pressed sandwich was really delicious, just that we found that it was too much quantity. 2 people could easily share out of one sandwich. The person at the checkout counter was really sweet and patient while we checked in on yelp for the free bag of chips.Very cool atmosphere, eating inside a little country grocery store. Great sandwiches!!!We stumbled in here off the street, hungry and with time to spare before our tour of the garden district.  What a lucky find!  The staff were friendly and went out of the way to wrap up our leftovers.  I had an organic peach Sweet Leaf iced tea.  Thank you iced tea gods, this was quite the taste bud experience.  I also had the pressed turkey melt po' boy with swiss cheese and mushrooms and creole mustard.  This sandwich was fabulous!  I am a dedicated sandwich eater and I know my stuff.  This sandwich needed an ode written to it.  Viva The Grocery!  Yum!If I could give this place 40 stars, I would. My friend and I were wandering after visiting the Lafayette Cemetery, looking for food and a/c. This was the closest place and I am SO glad we found it. We both got chicken salad po'boys, which is a little nontraditional. And it was SO GOOD that we just went back and ordered another one to split... And I'm coming back again on Sunday to do it again. 
Plus, they have a wall of local beers and sodas that are delicious. The staff is really nice and the industrial vibe of the interior is rad. Do yourself a favor and eat here.As the sign says, "Not Really a Grocery Just Good Food". Instead, it's a funky little deli-style sandwich shop NOLA-style on St. Charles near Washington. We had come here a couple of years ago when stopping in New Orleans, and since we were in the neighborhood, decided to visit it again.
This not-a-grocery features friendly service and tasty creations. As we sat there, most of the customers (a) seemed to be regulars, and (b) were ordering take out. This is probably just as well, as the dining area is quite small and could get packed quickly. This same dining area is festooned with colorful artwork and even more colorful sayings.
I had a muffuletta sandwich, and my wife had the special: a "cajun roast beef" sandwich. Both are large portions and tasty. In particular, I had part of the muffuletta days later, and it held up like a champ. The pressed baguette bread they use for the sandwiches is great. A friend had a shrimp salad, and the shrimps were more plump and generous than you have any right to expect from a sandwich shop.
Although friendly, be warned the service is sloooow. But then again, they make the sandwiches from scratch when you order, and this is NOLA. They are pretty up front about it, though. A colorful sign above the counter proclaims: "If you get your food in 15 minutes it's a miracle". Although somewhat confusingly, another sign below the first states "miracles happen."
It didn't happen for us, however, as it took a good 20+ minutes to get it. But it was worth it, and there's plenty of atmosphere to soak up in the meantime. If you are in a fired-up hurry, calling in advance is probably the solution.
The signs themselves are mainly for vibe, I think, since there are a lot of strange contradictory messages. In the front is a sign for shrimp po'boys -- which they don't serve. :)
All in all, a great experience and somewhere we'll be returning to when we are in the area.I've eaten here four times in the last two weeks.  Really charming little place, very friendly staff and excellent, fresh food.  Great place to sit, read the paper and treat yourself to a good, wholesome lunch.  Try the grilled chicken salad with pecans, grapes, parm and sundried tomato dressing.  I know the combo sounds funky, but trust me, it rocks.We were in the mood for poboys so we stopped at this place. It's a simple sandwich shop. The service was great! Drinks are in coolers along the wall. Few small tables outside of the weather is nice. This is not the place for a real muffaletta. It was a panini.  My husband had the roast beef poboy and enjoyed it. Cute spot to rush in and eat. If you're looking for real New Orleans style sandwiches, it's not the place to go.One of the best sandwich shops in the city, plus a big bonus: the couple that runs it is one of the sweetest aroundThis is a local sandwich shop that is truly a great find! It is a small and hidden corner establishment with festive colors and neat wall art. I took the trolley which drops you off right in front and even got reassurance from the trolley cart driver that this is a local gem! Had me the pressed mufaletta which was loaded with quality cold cut meat and gooey swiss cheese and layered with a diced olive salad...... And they had these bottled lemonades that are bursting with flavor. Great find without a doubt!!!One of the first places i went to when i got to NOLA and i keep going back. The vegetarian sandwich is good and I would give it 5 stars just for that. BUT, the salad with olives, cheeses, and red peppers was awesome.
Finally, the service was great. The guy who runs this place was so hospitable and helped us out when we were moving to NOLA and looking for an apartment. 
Can jump off the street car- grab some food- and get right back on = great location.I am so lucky to live in the same neighborhood as The Grocery. I only wish I worked close by! The Grocery offers a wide variety of sandwiches, their claim to fame being that they have a pressed po'boy. Their sandwiches are made to order and every one I've had has been awesome. The pressed Cuban is awesome, but my personal favorite is the hot roast beef with horseradish mayo. They also have some delicious soups (their gumbo-yum!) and yummy cupcakes and brownies. The staff is super friendly and treats you like a regular. Order your sandwich at the counter and walk back to the drink cooler and get yourself a beer (they stock up on Abita Strawberry in the spring so you can find it there through the summer) or soda and relax. It'll take a few minutes for the sandwich to be finished, but it is well worth the wait.  Great place to grab a sandwich in your Garden District travels.Every night, the quiet dim of the art-deco "The Grocery" sign shines in my bedroom window, haunting my dreams and causing my carbohydrate cravings to reach an all-time high.
I finally quenched my unparalleled thirst for a sandwich from The Grocery today at lunch. I was not disappointed.
I ordered the Creole Corned Beef pressed sandwich (on French bread) from the friendly staff and waited impatiently for my sandwich to be assembled to perfection. Once I received my paper-wrapped sandwich and paid the fare, I sat down and unwrapped.
Inside the paper and aluminum foil laid one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. Crispy-yet-soft bread, pressed into a mouth-sized thickness, contained layers of melty, oozy cheese, fresh Creole coleslaw, runny, yummy Russian dressing and piles of briny, tangy corned beef. 
I tend to judge sandwiches by a few odd factors, like how many napkins you need afterward (the messier the better) and how the second half of the sandwich compares to the first. The sandwich juices definitely tried to run down my arms as I chowed down, resulting in about 4 napkins. Score. The second half of the sandwich was almost better (if possible) than the first, because the juices had time to soak into the delicious pressed bread.
Add a great local atmosphere, good selection of beer and other beverages, and Zapp's chips and you get a 5 star meal.While visiting family in New Orleans, we stopped into the Grocery not once, but twice.  The window and inside menu prominently advertise shakes and floats.  When we went to order both on our first visit we were told they were not doing them as it was too busy.  The man behind the counter was rude enough about it that we decided to pass on the rest of our order as well.
We actually figured this must have been a fluke and tried again this afternoon.  Went in to no line and very few customers in the shop and as we once again looked at the 3' sign listing shake and float offerings were told again, by the same man, "No ice cream".  We asked if they were out and he said he was not getting ice cream out - just not doing it.  Again, he was incredibly rude. 
So while I would love to give a review of the actual food, all I can comment on at this time is the shockingly poor service.  With so many other amazing places in New Orleans that want and appreciate your business, there's no chance I'll be giving The Grocery a third try.My husband and I visited New Orleans in April 2015. We were staying across town near Frenchman Street and went to The Grocery after reading the great Yelp reviews. We ended up eating here twice during our stay. The turkey po'boy was absolutely amazing! The staff was extremely friendly and eager to answer all of our questions about the city. If your looking for a great lunch, I would highly recommend this wonderful place!The food was dried out and seemed to have been prepped hours ago. So it was especially frustrating when it took 20 minutes to get a sandwich and a salad...and there were only a few people in the place. They should take a month to clean the place up and reopen with speedier staff.Big sandwiches, friendly staff, no frills. No fried seafood po-boys! Enjoy sitting outside if the weather is good. The large sandwiches are enough for 3 or 4 people!!!!Awesome sandwiches, helpful staff, generous portions, very enjoyable experience. Right off the st Charles streetcar line. The Creole corned beef was amazing. Very enjoyable experience. Worth the trip.This place is my current choice for best cuban sandwich in the New Orleans Area. great sandwiches, good selection of beverages, nice people, and a convenient location. what else could one ask for in a sandwich shop.From someone who ate they fairly often.  
It's unfortunate that the quality did not remain after it was bought by the new owners.  I ordered the muffuletta which was mediocre at best.  They put mayonnaise on a muffuletta?! Hardly any olive tapenade.  Not to mention the quality of meats. It seemed pre-made.  I was sorely disappointed.  
Nice people. I am hopeful they will make necessarily changes to be a success at this location.Stopped in after walking around the Garden District. Facility was very nicely air conditioned. Ordered the pressed Cuban sandwiches which were good and served piping hot.I love it here. The staff is really friendly and upbeat, and the food is so delicious. If you ever have a chance to eat the mushroom bisque, DO IT without hesitation.Small place but big good sandwiches, Loved the tuna especially. 
Highly recommended and a recurring visit for sureWe had the muffuletta and it was very flavorful but would have liked it to be a little hotter. Took a while to get our food but it was worth the wait!So admittedly, my ALL TIME FAVORITE sandwich place in NOLA is Stein's but sometimes you just can't beat the Grocery--it just has a little extra...what's the word...grease?
Go with someone else and get the Cuban and the Creole Corned beef so you can have half of each. Grab a bag of Zapp's and a cold Abita. Welcome to sandwich heaven.Great lunch spot.  You can take this as a plus or minus (I take it as a plus) but they don't own a deep fryer.  As it were, the lack of this appliance, ubiquitous to the New Orleans dining experience makes for some creative and tasty alternatives to the fried [insert meat here] po-boy.
Noteworthy item: Shrimp club sandwich: The juicy texture of the perfectly boiled shrimp is complemented by ripe avocado and some sort of yummy sauce.Sandwiches were ok, pricey for what you get. Wouldn't recommend unless you're starving and need something close by. Creole corned beef sandwich is served pressed flat, I honestly had no idea you could make a sandwich so thin and still call it a sandwich. 4 sandwiches, drinks, chips will run you +$50.The Grocery has the best sandwiches!  I love their Chicken Pesto Melt.  Gooey cheese, warm crusty bread, and tasty tomato pesto.  And actually, everything there is good!  If you are looking for an affordable, tasty lunch in Uptown, I suggest The Grocery!This is the Greatest Find ever!!!  Chef Ron knows how to cook it up right with his home style Louisiana Cooking!  His place is charming, and his portions are generous!!  Chef Ron's is a MUST STOP if you're looking for true Cajun Cooking!Really sweet place. The food is great, the counter help is very friendly, a great place to sit outside and relax on St. Charles. Or if you're in a hurry, it's good for getting a sandwich on the run.
I'm not  a huge fan of pasta salad but the pasta salad they were serving one day was to die for. All their homemade dressings and marinades are worth trying. I highly recommend the california avocado club.This place has some crazy, gravy po-boys.  Drips down to your elbow, so have napkins and a big appetite.  They come dressed.  Small, deli like area to eat - closes kind of early.The grocery is the best sandwich place on St. Charles. 
Cons first: always crowded, sandwiches take longer than they should (probably because of the first), a liiiittlle over priced
Pros: look.  the sandwiches are great.  They have tons of choices (classics and unique), the atmosphere is awesome.. right on st. charles, a couple of tables outside. 
The pros far outweigh the cons.  I would recommend anyone to this place if they are looking for a good lunch uptown.This place is about 10 minutes down the St Charles streetcar line from the French Quarter, at St Charles & 6th. I had a great time relaxing here away from the crowds reading my book, and I loved the muffaletta done on the panini press. I like toasty sandwiches with not too much bread so this was perfect. Even so, it's a very substantial sandwich - enough for 2 people with a couple of beers and one of their fantastic pecan brownies. :)) 
Then you can stroll around the Garden District - there is a cemetery about 2 blocks away which closes at 2:30.Just left The Grocery. I had the pressed chicken pesto (without onions and mayo). It was delicious. It's a nice local spot you can go to without feeling like a tourist. You order at the counter, take a seat, and wait for them to call you. They have standard po boys as well as panini type sandwiches. We went two days in a row!A co-worker of mine introduced me to The Grocery. Great sandwiches, great atmosphere; what a neighborhood sandwich shop should be. They do a great Cuban and po-boys but my favorite is the grocery club. Enough for 2 meals, this stacked sandwich is one of the best clubs I've ever had. Grab some chips, a drink and chat with the guy at the counter. Also, get a cupcake, they are awesome!Pot sAlad good. Pressed ham and cheese poboy yummy. Veggie press. Great...service by the Oder guy/owner? Excellent!The Grocery is a great local spot. The pressed poboys are an excellent take on the NOLA classic - I had the Cuban, which had a creole mustard to die for; we also got the voodoo chips. The menu has lots of great options for different palettes and preferences. The space is well-curated, but could use a few more tables. Friendly staff remembered us from the last time we were there, which was much appreciated. There was an awesome selection of drinks and sodas, which I also really enjoyed. Stopping by for lunch right before checking out nearby Lafayette Cemetery is the way to go!This place is awesome. I had to wait a little long than it should have taken but the young man at the counter was very friendly. He was exactly what you would want in an employee if you owned your own customer service oriented business. The sandwiches and potato salad were delicious. If you need a quick lunch this is the spot.Ugh I wanted this place to be great, but my experience there simply wasn't.  I've had sandwiches from the pre-renovated grocery and always enjoyed them. I went in this place ravenously hungry, and ordered a gumbo and a potato salad.  I know lots of new orleanians can be gumbo snobs - I am not one of those people.  I love all types of gumbo and order it pretty much everywhere I go.  This gumbo was shrimp and sausage, but the consistency was almost that of a very thick sauce and it wasn't particularly hot for a non-to go order.  It was also pretty poorly seasoned and didn't taste like much.  The potato salad was the chunky kind - not your mom's mustard and egg potato salad, which I generally like.  This, too, was lacking flavor, meagerly dressed, and the first two bites of potato were noticeably undercooked.  To cap it all off, a roach ran over my foot as I sat at the table.  I ended up eating maybe four total bites of my meal and dumping the rest.  My guess is sticking to the sandwiches and avoiding the sides is your best bet here.I just dig this place for so many reasons!  First of all the location is great, right on St. Charles with some outside tables so you can watch the street cars go by.  The food is absolutely delicious.  And the staff....always smiling and playing the best music.  They literally whistle while they work.  The guy with the dreadlocks is my personal fave, happy to make suggestions and just has a contagiously good vibe.
Food- I always order The Works Grilled Cheese sandwich and the mushroom brie soup.  Then I grab a Dr. Pepper out of the fridge and some Voodoo chips to complete my perfect little meal.  I love how casual the set up is.  Nothing fancy but  that's a good thing sometimes.
Perfect lunch spot after one of those long nights out...or any other day really.