Amazing service. Cool vibe. It's not spooky or anything it's actually very clean and modern with old touches. I think it attracts interesting people, that gives the ambiance the edge.This place is a must!  My family went there on vacation and loved it!  It's really more of an experience than just a meal.  The atmosphere is nice, with its themed decor, and manages to stay away from the silly.  Seating was comfortable and the staff was just super.  My daughter had her tea leaves read, despite the fact that she doesn't like tea.  The reader, River, was spot on for her and took the time to explain how he read them.  And at the end, she got to keep the cup and saucer.  If you go there, it's well worth the money to have it done.  On to the food!  I had the vampire burger and it was wonderful.  Don't be frightened by the use of vampire cream sauce.  I have no idea what that stuff was, but I would buy it by the gallon if I could.  The burger was fat and juicy, the fries so yummy, I ate them all.  My daughter had the same reaction to the fries.  My husband, immune to the lure of fries, had another type of burger and actually commented on how good it was.  Now, if you're a dessert lover like me, you'll take note that the dessert menu is small but delightful.  There were no disappointments here.  Good food, decent prices, an attentive wait staff.  The ambiance was splendid without being over the top.  I'd go back here in a heartbeat and take as many friends as I could muster.Thought the whole vampire theme might be a little cheesy but it was really neat! Very classy and fun! Food was outstanding and our server was excellent. Will be back.Had a great time here with the server Richard. Provided a lot of context around the cafe's decorations and menu and definitely curated the experience. Cafe was crowded when leaving so come early.
Drinks were vampire themed and cocktails were bloodtype themed. 
Would highly recommend to others and bring your proof of vaxTook the kid to NOLA for a pandemic & life re-set. Wandering the French quarter, sober and with my Mom hat on... the kid pulls me into a Vampire Cafe. There's ZERO chance I would've chosen this place without the PG company. 
 It's a small place with a large Munsters/ Vampire bar behind a cafe/ bar sitting area. Looking over the menu, they had tea leaf readings, fun cocktails and pretty good sounding options! I asked what was good and followed the suggestion of shrimp & Grits... the California kid ordered a burger. I was really hoping the food was just edible and we'd have time to rest. It was beyond edible...& a fun place with some interesting people.
I order Shrimp and grits from Mr Bs every time I'm in town ... THIS was better. I'm dreaming of the tasty dish now. The shrimp were perfect, the sauce was perfect, the grits.., perfect. The kid, being a burger connoisseur, rated the burger a 6-7. Drinks were pretty strong. I had to stop at 1 drink ( again... mom hat on ). We tried the gumbo, too and it was ok. I've had some crazy good gumbo and this was a solid 6. 
The service was a 10. We had a table on either side of us. Both tables were chatting it up with us & had great new places to try. It's like finding a good book you expected to just pass the time... & became a favorite. I'd love to go back for the shrimp and grits & a tea leaf reading.So good we went twice in one day. For lunch we did the vampire burgers which were amazing. We couldn't figure out what to do for dinner and thought we'd just spend some time at their bar to while we figured it out. Ended up having a great time chatting with the manager and bartender who had us laughing our asses off. They suggested the charcuterie board which we loved. For a great meal and great staff, look no further then the Vampire Cafe.We had the pasta, but I had the vampire burger. Amazing burger and chips. And creme brulee for dessert. The absolutely best! The fried deviled eggs superb! The entire experience was amazing.Little jem in the middle of bourbon madness. Don't hesitate. Prepare to wait and get there an hour before you are hungry. Tuna tratare was AMAZING- fresh tuna and light, the wasabi aioli was delish. We also had vampire Cesar salad and Fresh Salmon  perfectly cooked.I judt cannot say enough good things about this place. I have tried the entire menu and everything is phenomenal. The food is always to die for. The entire staff is absolutely wonderful.The ambiance in this place is everything! I love the attention to vampire details. The food was amazing as well. My steak was perfectly cooked to my liking and super soft and savory. I will definitely be visiting them again on my next trip to NoLa!I had a good brunch here. (Alligator Poboy) The staff members were very friendly and attentive to their tables. I felt really comfortable here as Covid vaccinations were checked and complied with. I would definitely recommend to anyone visiting! It's in a great location close to the French Quarters and Bourbon Street.The charcuterie board was HUGE! And awesome- needed some cracker variety, but definitely worth it. Oh and the deviled eggs- wow. We will be back!I love this place! If you ever come to the French quarter, this place is a must! The food and drinks are amazing! We were here for 5 days and made it our first stop and last stop of the trip. We met the owner on the last night and she was so nice and telling us all about the food and drinks. Please go to this place! The blood bag drink is a nice touch and delicious!Lot better then it looks coffee' was simple n great n my light breakfast was perfect'!!  
Great service too I Definitely recommendReally good food and warm friendly staff. Little gem we found by accident.  Must try the deep fried deviled eggs.The Vampire Cafe is always a place we must visit when we are in New Orleans. The service is always amazing. The food is good and the drinks are delicious. It is a fun experience, especially if you appreciate vampires and spirits. You may even spot some vampires, especially around Halloween and the Vampire Ball. 
During our visit we were treated to a tea leaf reading by the owner, Marita Crandle. She is absolutely lovely and full of New Orleans knowledge.  Check out the books she has authored!New to the French Quarter, this vamp of a restaurant is worth stoping by. The atmosphere is Ann Rice inspired Vampire. Not over the top.  The owner/proprietor was onsite when I visited, Marita Woywod Candle.  
The staff were amazing.  Not only do they know vampire lore from around New Orleans their friendly demeanor, quick service and just pleasant approach made it all the better.  
The food: I got the Vampire ribeye.
 It was cooked perfectly. My daughter got the vampire burger.  Again perfect. 
4 stars because of 3 things.
   They were out of an appetizer AND desert we were hoping for.  Being NOLA it's usually hot and humid.  That wasn't the case.  The restaurant was unusually cold. (It was the coldest NOLA has been since 1977)  Because of that the food was... Not piping hot.  It wasn't cold, just not hot. The order timing was off  just a bit.  
If your in the french Quarter stop by it's worth it. The food, folklore, and great staff.
Will definitely stop by again when I'm back in the Big Easy!Walked in expecting the host to greet me in a Bela Lugosi 'Velcome In...' accent.
She did not. Asked directions to my home. Left.
Didn't know I wanted Vampire Waiters until I saw this place. I guess I'll have to be a Vampire Waiter, now, and create other Vampire Waiters the old fashioned way. 
Five Stars for the Covid Masks with Fangs and for the Pitt Grill in Alexandria, Louisiana coming up when I search 'vampire bar' in Rapides Parish.It's more for the fun of being there than the food. I only ordered sides but they were ok, not great. The wine was not good and I thought my husband's drink was good so I ordered that instead of more wine. I watched the bartender pour maybe a half shot of liquor in the drink. No wonder it was good, it was all mix. Go for breakfast it's probably cheaper. It was cool as an Ann Rice fan to do but, I wouldn't go back.  Server was very nice.Location is great, nice vibe inside, interesting cocktail menu.  Waiter was attentive and pleasant.  After a full day of enjoying libations, I needed a pick me up so I ordered a cup of black coffee.   It was room temperature.  I ordered the coffee for the caffeine, so I didn't complain.  As an appetizer, I had the fried deviled eggs, which were great. For my entree, I decided on just have a bowl of seafood gumbo.   It was room temperature and very bland-really had no taste at all.  I sent it back and asked them to heat up, which they did.  Someone else in our party ordered a hamburger, and it was also room temperature.  Maybe vampires eat their food unheated and that's part of the experience and you have to specifically request food that's usually served hot to come out that way?  I've never gone to a restaurant were the majority items came out room temperature.
I hope the restaurant makes it (just opened in January), but they really need to work on delivering better quality of food.Well this was a fun night out. The staff is really friendly and the food was yummy they even let us bring our own birthday cake. We tried all kinds of different cocktails and the charcuterie platter. I would just recommend they add crackers to that. As far as the entrées we have the scallops, duck, fish and shrimp and grits are really delicious. The only entrée that we We're not impressed with was the mushroom pasta. The mushrooms tasted like they were marinated in vinegar and it really overpowered everything, it's a good vegan dish but it really would be tastier if it were made with a pesto sauce. Or maybe a mushroom gravy? Even just garlic and olive oil. I did not taste the truffle oil in it at all. Got a bottle of their signature wine which was also very good and all in all I would say we had a really nice time and the ambience was lovely. We will definitely go back.I wouldnt go back. The service is not good and the food tastes old. They also don't know how to make drinks. I did not enjoy my old fashioned.Cute little location.  Had the Steak as well as the Scallops.  Both were delicious.  AA nice, less touristy place in the Quarter.
Food is very good. Not cheap but worth it, especially when compared to the crap places a block away.
The staff was great too.This is a fun themed place to eat at. However we got there and the wait time was 20 min. We went back at 20 minutes and they said it would be 40 more minutes. We waited over an hour and they didn't even sit us at a table. We got seated at the bar. As soon as we sat there, more and more tables got emptied where no one was seated at. The food is VERY overpriced but it's fun to take photos at. Drinks were okay. Our server was very nice.You HAVE to be vaccinated to go inside. We ordered some drinks to go and they were in the smallest cups I've ever seen but we're still about $13. The drinks weren't even good.  Won't ever go back.I am so impressed with this establishment.  First off they are doing a extensive job following all Covid rules, they are several steps ahead of the other restaurants around them.  The entire place is spotless, bathrooms included.  The whole staff is Pleasent and personable.   Server was very efficient and attentive.   The food...I believe that was the best salad I ever ate, no joke.   The bartender did a wine pairing for the salad and it was spot on.  The atmosphere is very classy.   They are affiliated with the store next door which sells everything a vampire could want!  All and all great experience.  I will be bringing friends here in  April on my next visitThe theme is a cute idea, and my fangria was good, however service was terrible. Came in today & I'm not sure if it's just because we got unlucky with our waitress or if that's the norm but she took forever to come see if we needed our bill and just sat at the bar paying us no attention it seemed. Actually here not and instead of bringing me my change she's putting in other orders. Super disappointed with the experience, have been waiting 10 mins for change.This new cafe is beautiful, like you are in a vampire's castle, having dinner (we were there for breakfast).  The ambiance is lovely, relaxed, twinkling candles everywhere, cool decor, very elegant and classy.  The way the light shines in makes it shadowy and mysterious.  
The staff is very attentive and the cocktails list is fun with blood types.  I had the blackberry mojito and it was AMAZING, so good, with fresh fruit!  My husband had his favorite beer Purple Haze from Abita brewery which was on tap.  Florence was perfect, so professional, attentive and friendly.  
I had the breakfast sandwich, which is eggs and avocado on a croissant with onion/bacon jam, i think its called.  SOOOOOOO good!  My husband had eggs your way, the food was delicious and nicely presented.  
The menu is really cool and has art done by a local artist.  The place is very well done and there is a history of vampires in New Orleans.  The owner of the restaurant wrote a book about it.  They have a really cool shop next door where you can get fun things vampire.  As a local this is our new favorite!!!!This has been the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant. We came to the restaurant hungry and we were hoping for a good meal. We ordered the steak tartar as part of our appetizer and it was the worst steak tartar that I have ever had in my entire life. Then came the entree and I told my son it is impossible to screw up a ribeye and scallops. The steak was cold and the scallops tasted horrible. We told the waiter that we were not going to eat that awful food and it was up to them to decide if they wanted to charge us. To their credit they did not charge us for those items. The service is good but the food is horrible they do not know what they are doing. They should take away their license to sell food. I would rather lick the bourbon street sidewalk than to have to eat in this place ever again!Waiter was fantastic! Bartender was very slow, drinks were so bad we left and didn't even drink them. Small place I think it was more hyped on Yelp for me, not impressedThis is a tourist-trap.  I am a local, and thought it would be a good experience.  I order a filet, and asked for it to be medium.  I informed the server that the chef could butterfly the filet if necessary.  When my steak arrived, it was rare and bleeding.  I also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo that was terrible. I'm fairly certain it came from a plastic bag from Sysco.  The restaurant was not busy, and service was less than par.  For the price, I was not impressed at all.What a great find!  I was on a mule carriage tour and the driver recommended the Vampire Cafe.  It is located on a quieter part of Royal Street, so you really do not "happen" upon it.  On Sunday, I was lucky to be in time for their brunch!
I was very lucky and got one of 3 outside tables.  Great for people watching!  Had just come from petting a mule so I needed to wash my hands.  They have a super clean unisex restroom right beside the bar.
I ordered their avocado and egg croissant. Yummy!  They also serve unusual sparkling water called "Liquid Death."  It was more carbonated than Perrier, which I liked.  When they bring the place setting, they fold the red napkin into a V and place the gold utensils in a cross.  Nice touch!  Though the restaurant was very busy, I don't think I even waited 20 minutes for my food to be served.  I don't normally eat dessert, but I was tempted by the pumpkin cheese cake.  I love everything pumpkin! (Go ahead and hate me!  LOL!)  This did not disappoint.
Highly recommended!The ambiance is great. Building has original (looking) doors/windows, interior was low gas lit lighting. Table settings were creative, black linen on table with red linens shaped as bats with gold silverware. Burger was AMAZING, although a bit too rare for me....flavor was on point! Fresh homemade chips were hot and beer was cold. My daughter approved of her gumbo said it was OK, but raved about her drink, O Negative Berry Mojito. Would recommend and I would visit again!I think if you're looking for novelty, it's a good place to stop by once for fun drink pictures. However, the food is pretty basic along with the drink menu. We did get the IV bag which was the novelty and draw for coming here. The drink itself wasn't very good, overly strong with a hint of fruit. I would say go to have the experience but plan to get dinner and drinks somewhere else after.Stopped by here yesterday evening after a night tour. The place is SOOOO cool! It has such a great ambiance. 
The staff is friendly and overall provides a great experience. I thought the menu items were really cool. I never had fried deviled eggs. Let alone w/ caviar ! The alligator bites were really good too!
Loved the drinks, food, and ambiance overall ! :)We are in New Orleans, so you have to go to the Vampire Restaurant.  We got here close to closing time so unfortunately we're only able to order drinks to go. The decor was intimate its a small location so I would recommend reservations. Serve was good fun our friendly bartender.Excellent drinks! If they are crowded you can always grab and go no sense in waiting in line for deliciousnessWe stumbled on this place and decided to try it. My wife has heard of it before and wanted to eat here. She had the breakfast sandwich and it Was really good. I had the French Toast and it wasn't your traditional toast style but was excellent as well. The syrup had a molasses taste to it. It was very rich. The service was prompt and attentive. We would gladly come backOMG.  It has been a DAY in NOLA, and this place was the literal icing on the cake.  I don't know what we will remember from this crazy day, aside from the absolutely PERFECT ending at The New Orleans Vampire Cafe!  We left dinner looking for a nice sweet ending, but if you've been here you probably know most NOLA restaurants are a little light on the dessert offerings -- a lot of bread pudding and a few creme brûlée's were all we could find.  We'd read about the Vampire Cafe earlier in the evening, but couldn't figure out exactly where it was until we literally turned a corner and there it was.  It was like manna from Heaven. 
We took the cutest little table on the corner outside, and Keith, our friendly neighborhood vamp server was out in no time to take our order.  We chose the "blood tea" (I passed on the "spirits" they offer to add) and a piece of "death by chocolate cake."  The tea came out first -- a right proper British tea setting with loose leaf tea in a strainer and a beautiful rose china tea cup. (That's a thing. Tea just tastes better in a tea cup!) We sat and chatted on this lovely little corner (the corner of Royal and St. Ann) as the sun set and a gentle breeze blew by.  The corner is just far enough from Bourbon Street that it's not too loud and you can share a conversation, but close enough that there is a constant flow of random people walking by for people watching.  It was perfect.  Then the chocolate cake appeared. Oh. My. Goodness. I love Chocolate Cake. I've literally had it all over the world.  I know good chocolate cake.  This was not good, this was EPIC.  The cake was the perfect blend of dark chocolate to be amazingly flavorful without being sticky sweet.  A thin layer of chocolate mousse separated two thick layers of moist, perfect cake, all covered in a thin chocolate ganache icing.  It was amazing.  Like stop what you're doing and drive to New Orleans for this cake good.  
Through our lovely dessert, Keith, our server, was friendly, helpful, and just the perfect amount of "present."  He stopped by to top off our hot water in the tea cups, to take our orders and check on us - without hovering or interfering.  We felt like we owned the corner, and as we left told him they were officially our favorite place in NOLA.  Oh...speaking of leaving...on the way out I grabbed a Blackberry Mojito to go -- more deliciousness! Crisp and sweet and refreshing.  
We are already planning our day around going back tomorrow!  
(Side note -- we stayed outside and the "vampire" aspect was a whisper -- but we looked inside as well. If you're "into" the vampire element this would definitely be a fun place to "play it up."  If you're not, you can still enjoy the delicious food, friendly service, and hospitality.) 100 out of 10 recommend!Amazing if you love to drink a drink out of a blood bag. One of the coolest things to experience in the city! Totally recommend to others!!Cute spot. Ate there twice and found the food exceeded expectations. Friendly staff that was running like crazy to keep up. Expensive for what you get but that's everywhere on Bourbon St.Worst experience ever and we have been coming here for years!!!! Waited a half hour while everyone around us that came in 20 minutes after us were already getting their drinks and apps. Table next to us were even getting there horoscopes read, so disappointed was really looking forward to this!The number of crosses in the decor and the garlic on my steak makes me think that the workers may not actually be real vampires. Beyond that, the steak was nice, potatoes were nice, the burger was just OK (again with the brioche and sweet stuff on beef. This is a no-no). Coke products served, so I suppose that even out the brioche issue. Not bad, a pretty good food stop.Expensive, gimmicky, and absolutely not worth it. 
There is so much culture and flavor in this town and this place is a tourist trap joke. 
They leave the lights out and charge $20 for the saddest joke of charcuterie. 
I also decided, after being here, if avacado toast was on the menu of any restaurant I visited, that I'd  just leave. 
I mean, you travel to the quarter and waste a meal here? It is kinda criminal. It is like someone gave a 15-year-old  who just read Interview with a Vampire $100,000 to renovate a restaurant and this thing was the product.Chanced upon this place and it turned out to be the best food and drinks of our 4 day trip.  The vampire martini was smoooooth (vodka is imported from Europe for the owner), with just a splash of "blood" on top. Best hamburger of my life served here, with handmade chips. Tuna tartare to die for.  Unique menu and fantastic chef will have me booking my next trip back sooner than I had planned.I may be jumping the gun giving a high rating but the menu looked so intriguing. I ordered the beef tartar, I'd never had raw meat before but took a chance. So delicious! Character and decor is spectacular, service was above and beyond, also read the owner's book and explore the boutique next door. I can't wait to return to this spot and sample more. If you have a vampire fetish like me you'll surely love this place.Food was excellent. I got fried deviled eggs and split a burger. Both were amazing.  Good choice of beers and drinks.  I wish I got the bartender name.  Very nice woman, very accommodating. I'll definitely be back before I go.Great service!  Great food!  Will be back.
Called a Dracula burger order in on a Saturday night.   No phone wait.  Ready in 30 minutes.  Everybody was super helpful and friendly from the front door to the bar where I picked up my food.  Good vibes. ‍  
Burger was amazing!  I got it medium ‍ next time I'll get it rare.  Only comment is I wish they had fries  but the burger is where it's at!  
Got my eye on the pasta or filet next time.Stopped in for dinner. Fun, Small restaurant and bar,  we were able to get seated quickly. We had Friendly service. For starters we ordered the fried deviled eggs - so delicious and the charcuterie board, which does not disappoint. For entree, the vampire burger was done to perfection and very delicious, served on the side were the house made potato chips, awesome. Overall, it is worth the stop, even for a drink, the type B- was fun and tasty.I visited this cafe a few times back in July 2021 in NOLA. Wicked place!!! The atmosphere so vampiric and goth. The staff was especially gothic and friendly. The food and drinks were amazing that's why I came a few times besides meeting some local goths and vampires. If you want to drink out of blood bag, then come here! I highly recommend coming here at night to enjoy a vampiric theme.Great food fantastic service 
Our waiter River great 
Amazing drinks and atmosphere 
Salmon was delicious and tuna Tatar 
Great mojito BlackBerry drinks and for dessert crème brûléeIt's a restaurant with a shtick but it's a well executed one. Not many restaurants have steak tartare, this one does and it's very good. The truffle oil was barely noticeable but the bulls blood micro greens were a nice touch. I guess even vampires need roughage. 
Also a nice touch was the blood orange creme brûlée. Enough citrus to make it a little different while still being a classic creme brûlée. 
I'd love to go back and try more of their dishes but that will have to be on another trip.Tea with shots of booze in it. That's a real thing, they do it here, and my skepticism about it has been overturned. It's a good idea to put a shot in your tea, and you should go here and do it right now. 
Aside from that they have a good selection of beer and wine and they offer flights of both, with which you can add on a bit of cheese if you like. I did. I liked it. 
Didn't spend much time on the rest of the menu and I kind of regret that. The brunch menu has a burger that I understand to be 50/50 beef and bacon. Not sure how that works, but sounds legendary. 
Staff friendly. Vibe easygoing. Prices fair. Quality above average. 
Would definitely return.I arrived with zero expectations on the food because the vampire theme was the fun gimmick that made it worth while. I was blown away when the food arrived. The fried Deviled Eggs were perfectly covered with a delicate batter, fried to a light crispness and topped of with the delicious caviar. The beet carpaccio was surprisingly delicious. Sometimes beets can be overpowering, as well as goat cheese. Not this treat. The thin sliced beet gave just enough to fit nicely together with the very mild goat cheese. We also enjoyed a Salmon Salad. This visually pleasing dish was incredibly satisfying. And the two desserts were fantastic. Slight twist on some fairly common treats, the Blood Orange Creme Brûlée was so good, this was the right citrus to offset the sweet. However the pear dish was my favorite of the two. The Nutella power was a great touch, can't wait to try this at home. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised and will definitely visit again to further explore the menu. Also, we all of this, plus two outstanding top shelf drinks for around $100 ... worth ever penny!I love me some Cat!  She was a great bartender who fixed our drinks quickly and was very entertaining.Went in around 2 pm was quickly greeted. they where busy so we had a few minutes to wait while the host cleared a table. Once seated we where approached with waters for the table by are waiter richard who was a delight. He was helpful and fun. Richard and jonah worked well as a team they moved around the room with ease and grace making sure no one felt like they where in attended. I got the vampire burger, my wife got the fried deviled eggs to start and the steak as a main course, and my brother got the Dracula burger. All the food was amazing. Everything was cooked to perfection  (rare/med rare). As someone who hate blue cheese the Dracula burger was in my opion a tastier burger even with blue cheese. Thanks vampires for the amazing experienceHanging with the vamps today and they know how to party.. I fell in love with the vision here...from the exposed brick walls, to elegant chandeliers, to redone shelves and mirrors with gargoyles, to drinks served based on bloodtype what fun!
I enjoyed some Fangeria from Spain and some amazing shrimp and grits. The grits they do in this town are like no other. I use to think I didn't like them. But I just hadn't had them done right (homemade with plenty of butter and shrimp).
I love how they have fresh jalapeño, rosemary and other infused beverages here. I am watching the lady get out the fresh herbs and veg now as she mixes them into different alcohols.
One lady here gave me the secret code to get into the Potion lounge so I may have to try that later. They told me all types of things about the town here and things to do. I absolutely love the pride these employees have in service and the owner Mariea's vision.Food was excellent.  Ordered the Vampire Breakfast Burger and endless Mimosas for Sunday brunch.  Food was excellent, portions were large, drinks had an appropriate amount of alcohol.  Service was quick but we did not feel rushed at all.  Love, love, love the themed decor.Great atmosphere.  Was very busy. 20-30 min wait but they will call u when you are ready.  Staff was fast and very courteous.  Food was extremely deliciousI cannot stress this place enough! The employees, the atmosphere, and most important the food!! I liked this place so much the first time I came, I came here for my 21st birthday. Everyone was beyond sweet. They got the restaurant to sing happy birthday and gave me my first legal shot!! Lol ! We both got the alligator po boys with the fried deviled eggs and they were both amazing. I also got a blood bag sangria drink, which was also delicious! They are very strict with covid vaccines/ negative test so if you are thinking about coming here, this is your sign !so we came to New Orleans on a girls trip from Long Island. we had brunch at the vampire cafe. we had a great time. Ambiance was very authentic. Food was amazing, bottomless mimosa. But the best part was our server Richard   He was incredible. Super personable and attentive. He gave us great advice on where to go and what to see.  he made a great impression and makes us want to come back. Thank you Richard we already miss you!!!So glad we found this place during our last visit. Food was delicious and the Bloodiest of Bloody Mary's was on point! Super friendly staff, highly recommend!My friend scallops were the bomb, but just a wee bit salty for my taste. 
Everything is vampire themed, including the drink menu. They are labeled by blood type (O+, O-, A+, A-, B+, B-, AB+, AB-). The mixed drinks weren't that string, but my Old Fashioned was excellent. 
My friend's teenager got a hamburger and he woofed it down completely. (Nom! Nom!)I highly recommend this café for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Or if you're looking for just wine flights or any kind of cocktail. The atmosphere is very calm with multiple chandeliers with flickering electric lights. For breakfast I had the smoked salmon avocado toast and I highly recommend it. Not only was it well prepared but the staff was a perfect accompaniments to the meal. They offered wonderful suggestions for place to listen to New Orleans jazz . Can't wait to come back and try it again!We stumbled upon this gem while walking the streets of New Orleans during the day. Everything was beautiful and the food was delicious! I would love to go back for more!Our host, Richard, was amazing and very helpful! He gave us great recommendations and great service through brunch! The food was also really great, highly recommend!Beautiful decor. Right in the middle of everything, close to Bourbon street. 
Gothic decor. Very elegant. 
Service was fantastic!
Food was great
Gumbo!
Fried Deviled eggs!
Vampire burger!If I could give this place a million stars I would! I would come back to New Orleans just for this place. The food was incredible I had the steak and it was the best steak I've ever had, my friend had the burger and it was just so flavorful and yummy!!! The prices are very reasonable and the ambiance is amazing we even had our tarot cards read after dinner!! What an amazing experience !!!This place is amazing! Fantastic food ! Spooky aesthetic ! And our serve Richard became our own personal tour guide with a ton of spectacular recommendations for place to see, things to do and experiences to have. In the word of our fabulous server "everything is made from scratch y'all". 10/10 recommend! Thank you for a five star  experience Richard!This was the most amazing place we ate at.  The people were super friendly and we could not have asked for better food. If heaven had a flavor I imagine it would be the flavor of this establishment. And I want to thank Richard for personally for making me want to come back  to New Orleans just to see him and eat here.I understand places in tourist areas might not have the best food and or service but might I say, omg.. this was bad. Usually if food isn't the greatest, I will deal because I hate being wasteful, however, this food was beyond intolerable. After I came to terms with that, I was asked by my serve to "put my shoes on" after I had only slipped them off for a moment, very discreetly because I'd been walking for hours. The way she said it made me feel uncomfortable, it felt as if she was talking down to me. I don't know if the Vampire Cafe sucks blood but it DEFINITELY sucks.This place is an amazing fun concept . The server we had was really fun which made my friends birthday we were celebrating extra special . The food wasn't bad just wasn't amazing . The scallops were small but tasty . The one thing that was slightly disappointing was the drinks! Which those seem the most fun. They sounded good but really no drink we got tasted that good .
Now it could of been the bartender that night ect . Maybe I'll give it another go one day ! They also had a fun blood red vodka and it was tasty !The food was quite good, and the ambiance cozy, and hence the 1 star. 
But the service was atrociously bad. Perhaps the worst I've experienced in a while. Here is what happened:
- Ordered food and waited for 45mins.
- Checked with the waiter about timing as we had a tour to catch, and he condescendingly and curtly  told us that the food will come when it will come as they were a small kitchen
- Another 15mins passed with no sign of the food, nor any communication about it. 
-  Then he came to the table to tell us that they had run out of grits! And it would take another 20mins. We changed the order to a salad instead.
- The food arrived, but not the silverware. The other waiter brought us the silverware. 
- Asked for the check as we were already late but it didn't show up, so we had to go to the counter to pay. 
- Nary a word of apology for what we had to endure. 
- The place is maybe short staffed, but it doesn't take much to communicate with the customers or be polite about it all.The Vampire Cafe has been on my short list for a few months, based on earlier reviews and numerous times walking by.  
Finally decided to give them a try today for a late lunch.  We were greeted and seated (inside) promptly.  The dining room is fairly small, but they do offer a few sidewalk tables, as well.  The vibe was pretty good.  Sure, a little kitschy, but not bad.  The service was exceptionally good.  Decent specialty drink menu, with all drinks assigned a "blood type".  I went with the mezcal jalapeño margarita (aka O+).  It went down so easy, I needed two.  My date had the "Vangria", a red sangria, which was great.  
We started with the elephant garlic appetizer, with was nothing special, but not bad.  We do them at home on occasion, so knew what we were getting.  We then split the little gem salad and mushroom pappardelle, both of which were ok, but here again, not in the same league as Sylvain's pappardelle dish, which is world-class.  The salad was good, but definitely not 5-star quality by NOLA standards.  
The tuna tar tar looked amazing. I've heard the filet is great.  The wine flights and charcuterie boards looked tempting, as well.  I'll possibly give them another try sometime, based on the great service and good drinks, but they've got a ways to go to earn 5-stars in my book, even with the complimentary "vampire bite" tattoo.Very touristy but excellent food. I recommend the themed drinks. O- is my thing but I would recommend this for a casual dinner with also very nice (don't forget your vaccine card!This place is soo good!!!
Fried deviled eggs and baked Brie complemented by a blood bag are a must!!!'Came here for brunch with friends a few weeks ago. We were excited about the bottomless mimosas. Made reservations for 12:30. Upon arrival was told we could not order bottomless or brunch menu as brunch ends at 1. Wish we had been informed of this before we made our reservation for 12:30. 
Wait staff was incredibly rude. There was little commitment to the vampire theme, other than the tattoos given at the end, which the waitress practically threw at us. Although the menu served meat rare unless otherwise noticed, all the meat at the table came out medium well. House chips were good though, and the cocktails were interesting. The food on the rest of the menu was okay. To top of the experience, they attempted to charge us for drinks we did not order. 
I think maybe this place is a little better at dinner time, based on the menu offerings. I would not recommend going for brunch.The best place ever. Get yourself a blood bag! Deff worth it. Live your vampire diaries dream outI have to admit I wasn't expecting too much food wise. But my goodness I was blown away! The service was amazing, and the food was fantastic! I had the Vampire Burger with the homemade chips and the cheesecake with raspberry sauce for dessert. The atmosphere was lovely. It wasn't kitschy or overdone, just a nice cafe style restaurant with a good bar that happens to be vampire themed. All in all I had a wonderful time and a great meal. 10/10 recommend.