We were walking around the French Quarter and I wanted a drink. There are so many bars, but we just happened to come across this one. I didn't order tequila, as I thought it was a bit early to have a tequila shot at 10am, but I did get a bloody mary instead. My bartender was really nice and attentive.
It was St. Patrick's day weekend, so there was Irish music blasting in this tequila house. My favorite thing about this place is the awesome interior. Grab a drink and come by to see the interior!This place has a lot of potential but it really needs to improve its service and quality of food.  First off the service, we had to ask no less than 3 times for water.  We has to continually ask the server for some salt and pepper.  The place wasn't empty but it wasn't super crowded either.  After placing our orders, about 5 minutes later our waitress came back and asked us what we had ordered since she had forgotten it all.  Our food came out not all together, and one of our friends waited 5-10 minutes until his food finally came out.  Food was very bland and well nothing to write home about.  The waitress got all of our orders wrong. My friend ordered steak but got chicken.  I ordered no onions but got them.  It took over 15 minutes to finally get our bill.  The bathrooms needed some TLC as well as they didn't lock correctly, people would walk in on you.  Also, there was no mirror and no paper towels to dry your hands.  This place has potential, but the lack of service keeps this place down. There are so many better places in NOLA, skip this place!For being on Bourbon Street, this place is definitely one of the better places to eat and drink....for being on Bourbon Street.
With that being said: The place itself is very nice, newly renovated, has a bit of a "chainish" feel, even though it's not, service is pretty good, drinks are good, courtyard is a welcome surprise, overall very clean and comfortable. 
The food is very fresh, all cooked over a mesquite grill, tasty and all very well prepared, however when you compare it to Felipe's, they fall short because of portion sizes and prices. If they could fix this, they'd really have something here! But still, for being on Bourbon Street, its not bad. I just wish the portions were bigger, the tacos had more meat and the food was more filling. Thats not to say that it wasn't tasty or that anything else was wrong with it.
$2.00 Tuesdays are a great deal, margaritas, tacos, etcI went here on a Tuesday night where they were having their Tuesday specials for "$2." (4pm to 12am)
I believe it includes margaritas, draft beer, chips and salsa, and tacos (beef, chicken, and fish). I ordered a blue moon draft beer, chips and salsa, and 2 beef tacos.
The blue moon beer was great. The chips and salsa were alright. However, the 2 beef tacos were a disappointment. They were extremely salty. I could not believe that this place could mess that up. The service was great although, I was not too happy about the extremely salty beef tacos. If you were to come here, I could get the other kinds of tacos. Hopefully, they don't lather the salt on the other kinds of tacos. BTW, the tacos are a meager portion. You will need to order quite a few to get full.So much fun here! Murat, Brandon, Kenny, Rob are hilarious! Not to mention they have a ton of tequila  to work with. If tequila is not your drink (it isn't mine) the also have the usual suspects liquor and beer-wise. I will definitely be back to hang with the staff and enjoy NoLa.Bar.
Escaped into this bar to avoid extreme heat in New Orleans one time. Drank a couple of beers (Dos Equis) and a Margarita. Sat in the bar so I got good attention from the bartender. A good dive for some drinks, if you like tequila you should check this place out.Worse service in the world. We had Jeysi as a server and all she did was forget our orders (we were asked 4 -5 times to clarify). I asked about Ricoh and she was totally off and tried to blame us for not knowing. Then she got my order wrong, overcharged me and insisted it count as tip (not happening). Add a good dose of unnecessary attitude and you're all set. 
Also none of the food is made fresh. 
And it seems that there are several servers that are constantly ripping people off according t the reviews. 
Couldn't come back even if you paid me.We hung out in the courtyard behind the main bar. Absolutely stunning, an oasis in the middle of Bourbon Street. The tacos were amazing with just the right mix of heat from the peppers and sweetness from the specialty cheese. The signature drink, the Don, was amazing with six shots of Don Julio in every frozen blue cup of wonderful.I have mixed feelings at Rita's. Monday's are 2 for 1 margarita's, always a good deal. While I appreciated that I could taste the tequila I wish I hadn't gotten the frozen strawberry rita. It was so thick and cold I could barely get it through my frost bitten straw. Next time, I'll take the advice of my friend and get it on the rocks.
The best thing about this place is it's an oasis on Bourbon street. Through the bar and small dining room is a courtyard well sheltered from the hustle and bustle of the street. You almost forget where you are. It was really a peaceful way to take a break from the craziness.Kelly is a treasure on Bourbon Street. As a bartender,  she gave great recommendations for alternative tequilas I wanted. I will return here as long as she is working. Cheers!First off, I don't drink tequila as a rule. I go by the good life choice, bad life choice operating system.  For me tequila means bad decision making and a guaranteed hangover.  I only came here because they had a social living deal running and figured why not.  The food wise the yucca fries were decent, but my burger was only so so.  The staff was friendly and the manager was really nice. She almost dropped my cell phone while scanning the code, but she caught it before it hit the floor.  I was impressed by that, plus my phone is made of plastic which makes it harder break (I should know I have dropped it enough times).  I got two Mojito's which were very good, you could really taste the muddled mint.  The bartender had me transfer my Mojito into a to go cup, the result of which was that mint ended up on top and made it look I was drinking swamp water but at least it tasted good.I have to admit. The idea of great food on Bourbon Street is something that has never crossed my mind. We stopped in here for some relief from the rain and the construction noise. We were promptly welcomed by the owner and after some conversation he slipped into the kitchen and brought us some samples of the food. I have never had such fantastic Mac N Cheese. The brisket was also fantastic. So fantastic that we got an order of each and took it back to our hotel room. A day later reheated in a crappy microwave, it was still really good. Loved the art and the decor. I will be adding this place to the list of places that I will recommend to friends that are travelling here.Go for the drinks but not the food. 
The drinks here are excellent.  I tried the mojito and house margarita.  
The food, on the other hand, is terrible.  Really plain and it takes FOREVER to cook.  We waited for far too long.  Our server was really kind and hard-working, but it just took way too long to get our food.  When it came out it was tasteless.  I got the 2 chicken tacos and they were so plain.  The chicken must have had very little or no seasoning and they are TINY!  Fortunately I had filled up on the chips.  The salsa is good -- perfectly spicy. 
There was live music from Rachel Maxann, and that was really lovely.  She has a beautiful voice and it was nice to enjoy her music during our long wait.We used to love this place, unfortunately it has gone downhill over the last couple of years. But today the bartender tried to short change me and did a horrible job trying to play it off as an accident. The head was absolutely disgusting and the women's lock was broken when the wife went to go, it's not like tourist season is in full swing....it's a damn shame to see a place decline like thisOmg their $5 burrito w beans and whatever else was fucking phenomenal!! I work down the street and plan on making this my everyday dinner....plus u get Caso dip, guac and sour cream w it! FIVE DOLLARS dude!! And they delivered it. Freaking awesome. Also when I'm not eating I'm drinking, I've drank there before and my tab was hundreds lol but only bc it was sooooo good of a selection that I had to try several! They have a Jose shot that is 25 bucks, so good...mescal woot woooooot!This is a cute little place on bourbon that rescued me for lunch.  Had the fish tacos and the quesadillas.  It was a nice lunch in a place that had a cool ambiance.If you looking for that "grown up" feel you weren't expecting to find on Bourbon, Rita's Tequila House is your place!  They offer a plentiful tequila selection in a comfortable atmosphere with a fun & pleasant staff.
Within our party, we tried all of the taco's, which were amazing!!... you won't be able to stop at just one, two or possibly even three!!  The yuca fries alone made stopping in worth it!
We're really excited about this new gem on Bourbon and we have definitely added Rita's as a "must stop" when we return next year!If you like tequila this is the place. Over 80 brands and some I've never even heard of. Tried the "Peligroso" smooth with a light sweet finish. We'll be back for more...We've been to Rita's before and had good food and service. I don't know if French Quarter Fest just overwhelmed them this weekend or what, but whoever is in charge of putting the inedible food on not just one, but TWO of the dishes I ordered should be fired. 
So much salt on both the nachos and the fajitas that I'm still drinking water 2 days later. Meh doesn't even begin to sum it up.We got a drink here and enjoyed the music. I can't say that it was entirely memorable but the wall of liquor was lovely to look at. There's no line to get in and the staff is really laid back and didn't mind that we walked in and out.I went here more than a few times on my short trip. The bartenders were awesome the food drinks and conversation were even better. Everything tasted extremely fresh can't wait to come back and visit.Okay, let's get this out of the way before I start.  This is not a place that you want to come for a good meal or even some good bar food.  You come here for the tequila and the tequila alone.  If Rita's food was even average then I would give this place 5 stars.
Their margaritas are delicious.  Typically I can't stand any flavoring in my rita, but I was told that they had delicious mango ritas.  I gave it a shot and couldn't believe how good it was (and how fruity I felt).  I think I had 3 of those bad boys.  Watch out, they're super strong but you really can't tell.  The mango masks the booze.  My dad and brother tried the blueberry rita which was even better than the mango.  
I don't want to spend much time on the food.  We got the nachos which weren't good.  The manager claims they have like the best chips, salsa and guacamole in the world.  Woman, I've lived in Texas all my life.  I've been to Mexico. You shouldn't have said that your little joint on Bourbon Street in New Orleans is the best.  Aaaaaaaaaand it wasn't even close to being good. Oh well, I wasn't expecting much from the food anyways.
This is a nice change of pace on Bourbon.  I've been there twice in two trips and it has never been crowded.  Its nice to get out of the chaos that is Bourbon and sip on a drink for a little bit.  This is the place to do that.  Friendly bar staff, great service and a huge selection of tequila.  Give em a try.This place has terrible service. The drinks are expensive and the food takes fooooorever to come out!After an evening of drinking and dancing at the Cat's Meow, we wanted to sit for a spell and chat with a cocktail. Rita's was nearby and look appealing, with its never-ending tequila shelf, so we stopped in.
I asked the bartender to make me some kind of fruity cocktail. Sadly, he made one with blue curacao, which killed it for me. I should have specified that I hate the stuff. Sigh.
They brought us chips and salsa, which was a nice touch. Staff was super friendly (as they are everywhere in NOLA). 
Wish we'd been hungrier so we could have tried the grub, but we had a nice little chat sitting at their bar.Great tacos!!! Meat flavor was incredible hickory smoked. Matt took his time to find us the right tequila pairing. Overall great service on Bourbon Street and the tacos are a must!Awesome bartenders. Amazing margaritas. Tasty tacos. Eli @ bar was super helpful for orienting to best of New Orleans. Drinks solid if you go blue and only blue. Tacos usually spicy and tasty. Worth the drop in off in the hurricane that is the Bourbon St experience.This place is great! Mike, the manager, stopped by our table & was so friendly. We had a really good time talking tequila. He even bought us a round ! 
Fish tacos were tasty and they have really good cactus fries too.
I will definitely stop by Rita's on my next NO visit and recommend it to my friends.This place is a must go. The nicest bartenders in New Orleans. Don't waste your time walking around go here!Do Not Go Here. The self proclaimed owner is so disrespectful , so unprofessional. Just raggedy in general. He's so desperate for money , & now I know why. Good luck keeping the lights on.Every Tuesday, they have $2 dollar tacos and margaritas. The fish tacos are really good yummy, The back patio is pretty and the staff is super nice. Its on Bourbon next to a bunch of strip clubs. All around good deal for Tuesdays.Chill place....nice spot to stop in to get cheap drinks and food! Great prices! The frozen margarita in the machine is strong, don't be fooled! Or maybe I got a good batch!  Bartender Jamie was cool!Best guacamole I've ever had hands down. Great tacos and great service. Owner Mathew was extremely welcoming and friendly. Must go when in you're in New OrleansA pleasant suprise on Bourbon street. Went in here after a Saints game, because my pal is a tequilia nerd. The courtyard is beautiful, and it wasn't too crowded. The guacamole was fresh, and they had some cool stuff on the menu..
Still, there is a lot of stuff that keeps this place from becoming a main stop on my bar hopping adventures. The staff, for one. They were all doing shots while we were waiting for drinks. More than once. The bartender didn't know much about tequilia, and the DJ didn't bring any Saints music (after a win against the bears... it just seemed weird to be listening to crappy dance music). 
I don't think I will come back, because I found the staff to be... I donno, just... too much. I realize that this is Bourbon street, but this place, to me, seems to be different that the other places (Bourbon Cowboy, etc), but the staff is the same.Bartender was sociable and willing to "surprise" us with her pick, which of course included tequila and jalapeños....prices comenserate with the rest of the expensive bars on bourbon st.This place has amazing specials especially on Tuesdays and after 5! Cheap, tasty food and good drinks. We had the nachos, wings, and tacos and all were must haves. Our waitress, Deanne, was super friendly, knowledgeable, and did an amazing job! Can't beat TACO TUESDAYS!!Well what can I say about a place that says their Stella beer is 7 dollars and then charge you 9 says because of tax then wonders why no tip.  Other waitress then tells me that I can't have the beer that I was drinking in there, I was like I bought it here.  Then the waitress that served me said whatever to get out pretty much because I did not tip here.  There are millions of places in bourbon street to provide crap service like that.  Avoid!!!!My wife and I stopped in here later in the evening to try a margarita and to get some chips and salsa.  Ciera was a friendly bartender and the music was mostly Hip Hop at the time which my wife liked.
I ordered a Milagro Barrel Select Margarita and My wife tried The Cadillac Margarita.  Both were made well and while we only stayed for about 20 minutes, the experience was good on all fronts.Went to Rita's on a busy Saturday night, the bartender, Sarah was amazing, she made me feel like I was her only customer. She suggested different tequilas and even got out a ladder to get some of the top shelf bottles, she discussed each one to determine what would be the best for me. The entire staff was very accommodating, surprised because they are literally on Bourbon, the people watching is great. Food is also good btw.I have been just about everywhere on bourbon street and this is THE BEST PLACE! The food is fresh and delicious, perfectly seasoned. The staff was so nice, one bought us drinks and the manager did a shot with us! Dante was the perfect waiter, Nathan was playing the best music, and the manager Susan Om was so incredibly nice and did shots with us. We are here for customer service training and they hit every bullet and beyond! Every time I come into town I will be at Rita's tequila house!Nice back courtyard area to relax. Good, homemade chips and salsa. Ordered chicken tacos and my only complaint is they had green and red peppers on them when I ordered meat, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes only. Reasonable price, I'll go back.Tried this place for the music they had going on. Pretty fun experience here. Crowd was good that the dancing spilled out into the street. Drinks were good and made quick. Bartenders were on point and my hat goes off to them for their amazing service. It's rather small here but I had a great time. No gimmicks just a good bar! Try this place out for yourself.Bourbon Street and tourists aside, Tuesdays are $2 tacos and $2 shots. Not bad.
The fish tacos went down easy with tequila and were welcomed company since I typically forget to eat when I drink. Nothing was the best I've ever had, but as I've said about many places before, not the worst either. 
It's a nice little pick-me-up if you decide to take part in the Bourbon Street craziness.Margaritas two for one...sounds good to me.  The bartender was awesome and the drinks were stiff.  Great selection of Tequilas.About the bar.......ok, ok, I admit...I LOVE TEQUILA. Yes, I said it and I can admit it. Margaritas are my all time favorite drinks; anyone who truly knows me, knows this info. My first time was with a friend on a day where we had been drinking and aimlessly wandering the Quarter. I assumed it was just another cheesy Bourbon bar, but was pleasantly surprised by a friendly bartender, good chips & salsa, and oh so many tequilas! The house margaritas were great (plus it was happy hour) and we ended up doing a shot of a really expensive tequila just to try it. Why not? I've been back several times since then and it's a place I generally enjoy stopping in and sitting at the bar for just a bit. It's not a place you want to stay "all night" but definitely stop in. Also, the red/black skeleton art on the wall at the end of the bar drives me crazy....I want to own it so badly. I have offered many times (ok, after much tequila) to purchase it from the owners to no avail. If anyone knows anything about it or has a hook up....let me know!The champagne margarita was tasty. We also really enjoyed the chips and guacamole but the portion was pretty small. The prices were reasonable overall though. We sat in the courtyard which was a nice quiet escape from the madness of Bourbon street. Our server was very nice and attentive even though she was the only one working on a Sunday.Spent 3 days in New Orleans and ate here twice.  You can order things by the single serving so it is a great spot to eat without getting overly stuffed.  The fish tacos were really good.  I also recommend the mango margarita, delicious!!!!  Note the bathroom door signs, hilarious!Worst. Experience. Ever.  There are no other words to describe it. 
It's a tequila bar...how can you be out of tequila?  They were.  
Now I will say, there was a party of about 13 of us.  We were all very friendly and made our orders...and then it just went downhill from there.  They were out of Patron...they even had about 6 types on the menu...none.  
We ordered...what we got...was not even close to what was expected.  Suddenly there was no fresh tomato.  Fish tacos became enchiladas.  Kitchen staff became detectives to solve the mystery.  Seriously, the server called out the entire kitchen staff to try to prove to my friend that what she ordered were in fact enchiladas...no, she ordered fish fajitas.  She pointed to the menu (they should have had pictures) that she ordered were on the menu, butttt.....Menus were different. What? Yeah.   A bartender/bar back became a server? Margaritas were absent or given to the wrong person.  A fajita plate became a single wrap.  However, miracles were performed.  Chicken tacos that were not ordered by anyone at all appeared on the table.  Left at the table.  Even after Kenny, the bar back turned waiter, was told that not a soul had ordered them...and they ended up on the bill.
Ohhhhh the bill!  The bill that had about $50 extra dollars on it.  Which we questioned and explained.  The manager came out and completely IGNORED the table...not once did he apologize, ask for clarification, try to fix or help the situation (seriously, we were all polite to Kenny...)  We were just there to spend a rainy afternoon before enjoying 311 Day!  Many of us had not seen one another in years and had just wanted tequila...tomatoes...tacos...fajitas.  NOT ENCHILADAS! 
We had high hopes here.  There for a fun lunch with friends.  We left hungry, stressed, thirsty and nearly deaf from the near defunct sound system they had there...REEEMIIIXXXX! (inside joke for any of my friends who will read this review!)  
I'm sorry.  I'm sure this place is great...but this day, it just fell short.  Very short.The food is pretty good and best of all the place is super dog friendly, they even brought our little guy his own water bowl.  Recommend it for anybody who takes their pooch to Bourbon St.Really extensive tequila list!  Also, really good beak from the 5 million oyster bar and gumbo places.  Order the brisket and the Mac and cheese.   It's worth it! Cadillac Margarita is the bomb.Eating gluten free in New Orleans is not that easy so this place was great! All tacos are on corn tortillas and they're all yummy! The regular food prices are on the expensive side but this is the French Quarter so that's really to be expected. They have $2 tacos often but we didn't figure out the schedule ... Seemed to be late night and Tuesdays.LOVED THIS BAR. Extremely friendly bartenders and manager. Spent time getting to know the manager because he really cares about the customers-  there was live music as well. tried the jalapeño app with yucca- it was amazing. Definitely check this place out if you're around!Brisket tacos were amazing. Simple yet delicious. The fantasma margarita is tangy and refreshing with a zing. Definitely one of a kindCheap food ($5 queso burritos - yum) but overpriced drinks. 
$13 for a "meh" margarita. Don't order the chips and salsa - its not worth the extra 3 bucks and the chips tasted like paint. 
BOTTOM LINE: Stop in if you're craving Mexican and need to sober up a bit on Bourbon Street.Being a Rita, myself, I was obligated to stop in here on my way down Bourbon Street one chilly Friday evening.  I had the Sang-o-Rita (frozen sangria) and thought it was absolutely delicious.  If you're on Bourbon Street and looking for a great slushy, stop on in!Ordered delivery for chips, salsa, and queso. The delivery was prompt, the chips and salsa were delicious but the queso looked like hummus, and tasted a little strange. Not necessarily bad, just not like any queso I've ever had before.I was craving Mexican food last night. I arrived a bit before 9, asked for the food menu & was told the kitchen was closed. I would suggest stating that on the hours/info page so people don't assume that the kitchen stays open late like the establishment. I might try to swing by earlier & update my review.This being one of our local favorites recently changed some management, menus, staff, etc.., we were skeptical, but all is great at Ritas! Bartender catered to our particular margarita style, and the food was delicious, 
( we recommend the steak nachos !). 
Bourbon street is a tough place to get a piece of the pie, great place to start your crawl or end it too!An oasis on Bourbon St. Beautiful garden patio out back, great tex mex food and cocktails. Steer clear of the tourist traps and head to Tequila House next time you're on Bourbon...Okay, so let's be real. The food is absolutely gross. I wouldn't order anything off their menu again. We came here for drinks mainly since it is more of a bar atmosphere so I wasn't too surprised that the food was just nasty. I had a burrito, which consisted of melted Kraft cheese and Purdue chicken strips. It's pretty much something I would have thrown together in my college dorm room. Think of Taco Bell with a bar. But sadly, I think I'd prefer Taco Bell's food to Rita's. However, they do have an extensive listing of tequilas and the atmosphere is pretty chill. Their margaritas are good too, but I would recommend asking for an extra shot because they're not very strong. Would I return? No. Was it a bad bar experience? No, but I've had far better.The food is delicious try the Fish Tacos (my favorite) and the service is good - great friendly staff and what is  even more perfect about this place is one word "Tequila" ...Just a really nice place to hang out in a patio area with friends.What can you expect being on Bourbon Street, but it is okay in the back patio. Would have been better if the group of frat guys playing beer pong got lost. Food, okay. Service, eh. Margaritas..not memorable. Juan's Flying Burrito please.Yum! I had the fajita wrap and it was huge and only $5. Chips and salsa also great. I'm a frequenter of Tex-Mex restaurants in DFW and this was top notch for they style Mexican food.Stopped here for lunch and then went back for dinner. The tequila selection is amazing. The pulled pork sliders, pulled pork tacos and crawfish quesadilla are all delicious. They are a must have - the lemon pepper wings were perfectly cooked - crispy and meaty. The back courtyard is peaceful and relaxing. We watched the game out on the big screen.$2 Tuesdays - Cheap margaritas and good food!
We went on a Tuesday and had a great time! Who can go wrong with margaritas, beer, and tacos for 2 bucks?! Great atmosphere, live music, and welcoming staff. 
Highly recommended!Went here last night to chill.  Good selection of Tequila and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Stop in!I am only giving this place one star because there is no option for zero. I understand that we were visiting the restaurant on mardi gras weekend. We did not walk in expecting the world's fastest or exceptional service. However, the restaurant was practically empty. There was one decently sized group leaving when we arrived. We patiently waited for our food for 1.25 hrs. After that I was done and wish I could've convinced my friends to leave. However, they are more patient than me and we waited. As my friend entered the restroom (after waiting for a couple to exit the restroom for 10 minutes), the manager rudely BANGED on the door to get her out. Apparently the restroom is reserved for people hooking up. At this point, 1.5 hrs later and we still haven't seen our food and we asked for the manager. Of course, the SAME manager. Her response was "why would you wait that long?" Why would we wait for the food we ordered? Excellent response and management skills...I wish I would have attended that management school. Our food FINALLY arrived and it was pretty good...good job kitchen staff :) The manager suggested a free shot for the group and 10% discount. The shot came with a sarcastic "you girls enjoy the rest of your night, I know I will" and who knows how much spit. The real kicker to end our night at Rita's was when our bill came with the ubergenerous 10% discount. Although they are treating us like the remainder of the falling down drunk people on bourbon street, we have wasted our entire night at this place and we are COMPLETELY sober.   We are all highly educated and totally surprised the manager when we pointed out that the manager's discount listed out separately on each of our checks spelled out "SLOW" "B" "ITCH." I'm kicking myself for not taking a picture before she whisked the checks away. NEVER go to this place if you can read, need to use the bathroom while waiting over an hour for your food, value your time, or expect management to correct mistakes in a meaningful, respectful way.Similar to other yelpers, this restaurant is great, considering the location. While I'm not a fan of hanging out on Bourbon St regularly, most guests in town should go to the Quarter once to get a hurricane or at least a pic holding one. I've always found this place calm, quiet and most of all CLEAN! Each time I've been here the entire staff was friendly and talkative, the bartenders are always recommending or discussing a different brand of tequilla. I've even left friends to wander Bourbon St while it was crazy and I hid out in here. Even during busy weekends, I've always found it to be much cleaner and calmer than surrounding establishments. 
Plus I heart their guacamole! Huge plus!They made the best beef burrito that I ever had.  The two for one margaritas are a good value and go down so easy.Pretty good choice on Bourbon for drinks and munchies. And VERY nice selection of tequilas.
We ordered margaritas on the rocks (can't abide those frozen things!) and WOW! they were potent! Good flavor too - LOL  Also had 2 tequila shots...sorry don't remember the brands but nice choices from the bartender. Prices were ok....it's Bourbon, so we knew drink prices (after happy hour) were going to be higher ...but it's Bourbon St.! We stuck with munchies...just chips and salsa  - both fine and guac, which was a tiny, tiny portion. Only thing I wasn't happy with.
Fast forward to another night and we stop by for happy hour. 2 for 1 on margaritas. Yay.  Only not.  VERY weak this time. I actually would've preferred paying full price and getting a decent margarita. Not sure if this was a policy for happy hour or a bartender issue (different person from our first visit)
Definitely would go back...just not for happy hour!Tell me why I had to come to New Orleans the tequila house to get the WORST WORST Service Ever!!! The Lady at the bar, who i wish she had on a name tag so i could address her directly, made my drink wrong but had no problem grabbing my money that was on the counter. I tried to tell her it was wrong but she never came back over nor did she give me any change back! I kept trying to get her and the guy beside her attention to get a refund but they blatantly ignored me. I got another guys attention and asked to see a manager, he went to the back and said the manager wanted to know what I wanted I told the man but when a guy finally did come from the back he did not even come to the side where I was standing. I felt so disrespected I had paid for a drink that was not right and more importantly was treated like nothing by a so called highly recommended bar! Im a visitor to this city and to be treated like that after I chose to try your business out I am thoroughly disgusted and will let everyone I know and come across that your establishment is not even worth being treated like nothing!Omg their $5 burrito w beans and whatever else was fucking phenomenal!! I work down the street and plan on making this my everyday dinner....plus u get Caso dip, guac and sour cream w it! FIVE DOLLARS dude!! And they delivered it. Freaking awesome. Also when I'm not eating I'm drinking, I've drank there before and my tab was hundreds lol but only bc it was sooooo good of a selection that I had to try several! They have a Jose shot that is 25 bucks, so good...mescal woot woooooot!As a local I really hate that this place is on bourbon street. I grew with a mother that ran a tex mex restaurant and this place has hands down the best salsa in town. I also highly suggest the loaded Yuca fries.very extensive tequila list and Average to good customer service. And the food is fantastic.Everything you would expect from a local Mexican restaurant. Exciting atmosphere, great food, service, and margaritas. Ate and drank there two days in a row during my last visit to NOLA. Highly recommend this place.Well, it's on Bourbon Street, and has ambience but that's about it. We went early evening, and there was still no table service, had to order at the bar. The food was JUST ok, not close to being good though. We paid $32 for a draft beer, two chicken tacos and French fry nachos. They were out of tortilla chips, so chips and salsa was not an option. Mexican restaurant/bar without chips and salsa? Check out the other two Mexican places near by---food is outstanding. Won't be returning here.This place was ok. Husband got tacos and I had a quesadilla. It was entirely overpriced... but decent tasting. The amazing thing was the patio. Once we got back there, we forgot that we were even on Bourbon Street. It was a nice change in flavors from what we'd been having, and the waitress was nice.This place is awesome!   I stumbled into this place on a Sunday afternoon while walking my puppy through the quarter.  The owners and well everyone there was super friendly and very attentive.  While smoking hottie bartender Stosh was making me the best spicy margaritas ever!  The owner was spoiling my pooch rotten with bacon treats and kisses.  If you are looking for a dog friendly place in the quarter with delicious hand crafted cocktails look no further.Rita's seems to have a lot of potential, but doesn't quite get there.  We've been there a couple of times now on trips to Bourbon Street. It's generally a much cleaner, classier looking establishment (while still remaining casual), which is a nice change from many of the other places on Bourbon.  
The food is good - this last time around I tried out the chicken tacos.  A big plus is your ability to order single items so you can mix it up.  Be aware that they do charge you for additional toppings (although it's not noted on the menu where they offer them), but overall, the prices are pretty reasonable. 
The service was pretty questionable on our last visit.  Our waitress completely forgot the salsa we'd asked for for the tacos (should really be served with tacos in any event) until we'd already finished eating and was overall pretty scattered and slow.  Usually the service is ok (not great, but not terrible) - we've always found this to be odd since the restaurant is pretty empty each time we're there (including our last time in).You cant judge a place until you go inside and see the back patio. I went there on a Sunday for lunch so the place was quiet with few customers; I enjoyed the back patio and sun. Most dishes are under $8 and food is good. I ordered the chicken burrito with rice, onions and my son ordered shrimp pizza that was made with french crusty bread and it was fresh and good. A fine place for lunch.Its a tequila house - wouldn't you want your staff to be knowledgeable about tequila? Call me silly 
So Gregg and I are wondering Bourbon Street, looking for the next "place". I don't normally do tequila by itself (bad memories), but I thought, why not. We walk in, and i ask the bartender what the best tequila was. I got the deer in the headlights look. I asked what the most expensive tequila was. She told me it was $80 and pointed to a top shelf with a really cook looking bottle, but she couldn't tell me the name. I then asked what a $35-40 tequila was. She got down a bottle (which took awhile), Gregg and I tried it, I can't say that it was so good and memorable that I can tell you the name. 
You might want to stick to the frozen margarita machines at this place. I think the bottles are just for show.They have a great selection of tequilas. Nice people. Don't come here for music. It's a tequila place!