CAN'T RAIN ON MY WHIPPED FETA WEDNESDAY!!! Yea, go with it, that's the new foodie weekly holiday. Anyways.... lemme tell ya 'bout @claretnola! The space is super cute, has a large patio, and is next to the new @krewe headquarters on Magazine which means you can get tipsy and then buy all the stylish frames (if you do this, please buy me a pair, too)
-
The happy hour eats & drinks are absolutely amazing (4pm-6pm, Monday-Saturday)! Here's what I had:
1. The whipped feta plate!!! IF YOU ARE A FETA LOVER THAN ORDER THIS NOW. ok, I'm done yelling.
2. Frozen Lillete Royale (soooo good for these hot & humid days)
3. The Indiscretion (vodka & chamomile) and Bettie Page (brandy cocktail)
-
I also ordered the pimento cheese & crackers. You may have seen it on my story but it was sooooo good that it deserves its own post - stay tuned. Hope y'all enjoy your whipped feta Wednesday, it really is the best day of the week isn't it?! 
.Great cocktails! Amazing atmosphere. The outdoor seats are very comfortable and the staff was super nice!I finally had the chance to check Claret off of my list of places to try. I came here a few days after Thanksgiving and had a nice time. The outdoor patio was stunning, and we enjoyed sitting out there(they even have heat lamps for chilly evenings). 
To eat, we ordered the whipped feta, honey glazed roasted carrots, beet salad, and cheese plate. The feta had a very strange and off-putting taste that I could not place. I think it was one of the seasonings but I did not like it at all. The beets were delicious and the carrot dish was by far my favorite.
Service wasn't great, food was good but overpriced, and drinks were good.Came for happy hour on a Saturday night and happily indulged in some sparkling wine and a cheese plate with a friend. The space is beautiful and the staff is kind. The cheese plate did not really save you much money compared to the regular prices (maybe $2). I thought the size was appropriate for 2 people to share (I believe it's 2 oz of cheese) and I liked the accoutrements that came with it, though I would've preferred soft bread slices over the crunchy cracker-type slices that were served. 
It can get loud if a big party is seated in the rather small indoor space, but there's plenty of outdoor seating if you prefer to stay out of the bustle. This place is definitely more drinks and apps/small plates rather than a dinner restaurant, so keep that in mind.Cute, quaint new place for drinks and small bites on Magazine Street. Had a wonderful first experience here! I now regret moving out of the LGD solely because I can't frequent this place as easily. Claret reminds me of the trendy small cocktail bars in Los Angeles. Love love LOVE the ambience! Decor was on point, trendy yet more low key.  Great place for a date or just to hang out with friends. It's kind of a smaller place, so larger parties would probably be better accommodated in the outdoor seating area. They have bar, indoor, and outdoor seating with those picturesque string lights everyone loves.
Cocktails -- so many options! I forgot what I ordered because they all have pretty unique names, but good mix of lights/darks to choose from. My friend and I ordered a build your own charcuterie board with one of their pates, a hard cheese, and a soft cheese. Everything was delicious. They also have a variety of small plates to offer. Stop by during happy hour: Monday-Thursday from 4-6pm, Friday & Sunday 2-6 pm for some good deals!Great happy hour here with really nice patio. We enjoyed delicious and hearty snacks as well as the happy hour special punch. All very tasty!I've been wanting to give Claret a try since they opened! Great little spot on magazine. The restaurant and outdoor space are impressively decorated, understated but elegant. Came for happy hour and was not disappointed. Menu looks a little pricey but happy hour is where it's at. Wonderful spot for drinks before dinner elsewhere or getting all dolled up for a girls night.
Waitress had a terrible personality and kept trying to pull glasses and plate from the table before we were finished with either. She was however very knowledgeable on the menu.
Overall good experience and will be back!Great service, great cocktails! Loved the Paloma and the pimento and saltines. The salt and vinegar pistachios are perfect for those who love savory snacks (and boardwalk fries). The cold whipped carrot and warm crostini was surprisingly flavorful (bits of ginger and garlic). Outside is perfect for a cool night. Would recommend for dates and girls nights!Stopped here for a drink before dinner. Cool atmosphere, excellent wine list, great cocktail menu and intriguing outdoor space (it's too hot right now!). Excellent service. Will come back!Went with some girlfriends to a Romney class and then had appetizers and drinks at clarets. What a perfect evening! Love the atmosphere and great service. The whipped carrot appetizer was amazing! I would never have ordered this. A friend suggested it and it was everything she described and more! I wish I could order and eat this everyday. Definitely a must have!New cocktail bar in the lower Garden District. It's a cool place to check out for happy hour, meeting up with friends. They have a lovely patio if you would like to sip in the sun. Great ambience, my server was pretty good. It's an upscale laid back type of bar.Such a cool place to just hang and have a couple of drinks especially if you're on the waitlist next door! Cool ambience both indoor and outdoor seating, excellent service and great choice of cocktails.Swanky modern vibe where you can share some small plates and a glass of wine with either your girls or start here for the night out! Had the chefs pick of meats and cheese and it did not disappoint. Yummy pickled veggies paired wonderfully with our snack And a refreshing pimms cup! What else is more nawlins?I can't stay away from this place. Ladies night. Date night. Time to yourself. It's just a great spot. Love their patio. We've tried a lot and our favorite is "everything but the kitchen sink" it's perfect to share.What a great find and and favorite new spot for me.  We couldn't not have made a better choice than Claret's weekend happy hour on the first day of decent weather in New Orleans.  The beautiful wine bar opens to a great patio across from other visually appealing restaurant/shops.  Excited to have them and excited for a Saturday/Sunday Happy Hour (2pm-6pm).  The food is wonderful and fresh and so is the service.  We tried the daily punch, a bourbon sangria like cocktail that was light and easy to enjoy.
Whipped Feta, Whipped Carrots (personal favorite), Charcouterie board and Smoked Tuna were also all fantastic.  So good, we returned the next day and were pleased to find they rolled out a TV for the Saints Game.  Doesn't get much better!Three girls night out! My friend suggested Claret on Magazine. The best choice in the city right now during this pandemic. 
Everyone had masks on and the restaurant is big enough for the tables to be socially distanced away from each other. 
We started at Happy Hour! The food was amazing! We had the whipped feta cheese dip, cheese platter, and the grilled avocado and croutons! I would highly suggest all three! 
We loved our waitress, Elizabeth! Everyone there is awesome from Elizabeth, to Russell the manager who brought the tunes outside. 
We'll definitely be returning again soon. Have to recover from the best night out right now lol.On one hand, this place serves decent cocktails by knowledgeable, friendly bartenders. On the other hand, this bar could be in Cleveland. It's nothing special. There are plenty of places in New Orleans to get an overpriced glass of wine. I don't  know why you would choose this place. It feels trendy in the worst way. It's this type of glass box establishment that's sending New Orleans  in the wrong direction.Post-Covid-19, Claret is the place to go for delicious drinks and noshing! The inside is open and airy, and the outside tables are plentiful and spaced out perfectly, with the welcome addition of tents and little white lights. Masks are provided at the front door, and all the servers wear them. The food menu is essentially the same, with many fabulous happy hour options! We tried the tzatiki with chili oil and edamame - this was my favorite. The bread was fresh and perfectly chewy, and the chili oil gave the cool yogurt a pleasant kick. We also tried the corn and basil pesto, which wasn't bad but not nearly as flavorful as the tzatiki. We also had a cheese plate which was generous with pickles and bread. The punch of the day was a spicy margarita, which was pleasantly boozy and very good. The frozen Paloma was great but the frozen Flip Side was better - gin, Lillet Blanc, lime and cucumber! Our server was awesome too- she was right there as soon as our glasses were empty and made sure we got our last drink in before HH was over. Also my companion left his credit card at the table accidentally, and she caught us before we got in our Uber. I feel badly that I cannot recall her name!
I love Claret so much, I almost don't want to post this review, but I know I can't keep Claret to myself. If you're looking for a safe way to enjoy HH, this is it!Great place during Covid . Lots of outdoor seating. Excellent cocktails and a great wine list. I love the cheese board but they also have a full menu.I can't tell you how many times I've passed the small complex that houses Claret and had no idea what I was missing. It is the bar component to The Bower restaurant, which I hadn't heard of. The outdoor space is beautiful, the drinks were delicious, and the music and vibe were perfect for a chill Saturday on the town. 
Reservations are preferred, but they very generously accommodated our party of two.  
Their cocktails are some of the best I've had in a while. I tried the House Punch, they make it fresh daily. That day it was a tequila garden *chef's kiss*. It was super light and refreshing, but definitely got the job done. I also got a cognac French 75 and it was just right. 
We'd had brunch a little earlier, so we decided to just go for some shareable snacks. We were feeling adventurous and tried the mussels and bone marrow as well as the chicken liver mousse. Neither option was super flavorful to me, but not gross. I probably wouldn't get them again (I'm a big fan of mussles, the bone marrow was the new thing we tried in that dish). Would definitely try other menu items the next time. 
Great spot to come and have a drink alone or with friends. Love, love, love, the patio area. Staff is super friendly and attentive and all wore masks properly. Tables were decently spaced for physical distancing as well which was much appreciated. Definitely recommend!So I have been here twice so far and I'm a fan. First time, we went the week it open but it wasn't too busy. This last time, we went during happy hour. They have a great happy hour. We ordered the frozen lillet and it was to die for! The girls next to us order one too because we raved about how good it was. We also ordered the whipped feta and I kid you not, I licked that plate clean. We sat out on the patio which was covered but it was very windy. There has been a distinct smell though outside and I can't put my finger on it. Hopefully it will go away because it was there the two times I've gone. Will be there frequently because I'm down the street. YAYClaret is a great place for happy hour! I loved the atmosphere. We sat outside and ordered wine and appetizers. Loved the tuna tartar, but I was not impressed with the beet humus or pistachios! 
I gave it four stars because it took awhile for them to wait on us, but they did give us happy hour rates for the rest of the night, which we much appreciated! 
I will be back soon!Beautiful wine and cocktail bar. This is, by far, one of my favorite wine spots in the city now. 
The menu is plentiful and the prices are fair. The charcuterie boards are reasonably portioned. My Bettie Page was refreshing. 
I really appreciate how beautiful this bar is. I am a huge fan of the patio area. It's so relaxing and the lawn is gorgeous (I never thought I would compliment lawn, but seriously...). LOL. 
It can get a bit noisy inside, so beware if you are not fond of being outside but do not want to deal with constant noise. 
The staff is very friendly and attentive. 
Give them a try if you are looking for a nice hangout spot. Catch them on a beautiful day and enjoy the scenery!Great new spot in the LGD! Look for the new build building and they are in the back on the left as you face the courtyard. I say this because the door is inset a little. Thanks goodness for their triangle floor sign... that's not their name but you know what I'm talking about.
I've been 2x already and had an assortment of cocktails. On one of the preview nights, I had a lovely glass of bubbles and sampled a Boulevardier. The other night with the fabulous Shercole, I tried a Rosy Disposition, at first I though the Pernod might be too much for me, but that was just the first sip. Refreshing and delicious. Second I had the Wrong Way Home, so tasty and citrusy. 
I also tried the pimento cheese on a saltine which is stupidly delicious and the carrot puree which pops with ginger.
Service was great. And the atmosphere is well designed and fun. The outdoor courtyard is great... when it's not 80bajillion degrees.Claret is amazing! They have an excellent wine selection, tasty appetizers, and beautiful charcuterie boards for a decent price. It's great for a date night or a night out with friends. The service was great and it was beautifully decorated with lots of green plants.I went for the opening and I do see a lot of potential! Sat sat outside and with gorgeous weather what can go wrong! Unfortunately since it was right before the opening I have yet to see it's actually potential but I do think it adds a lot to the area! Drinks were fabulous and I think it will become a young hot spot for sure- especially for date nights/girls night out! Very excited to see where this place will go. It's also right in from of Krewes pool that will open. I expect this place to be packed soon because of that. Hopefully the New Orleans heat won't prevent people from it in August! I can see myself going back for sure-- I'll update when I return regarding prices/bites!Very pretty setting, lots of children on the AstroTurf, pricey for what we got, and not really much effort in the cocktails. They probably do wine well but I'll never know. Service was slow and not entirely great (maybe they were new?). Most likely will go to the other bar down the street to kill time next time.Claret is a lovely cocktail bar on Magazine. It is not easily seen from the road, but is a lovely space with a nice outdoor patio as well. They have a large drink list and a smaller selection of food. I went with a friend and we had some drinks while waiting for a table at a nearby restaurant. I ordered the Wrong Way Home and it was quite good. It has passionfruit in it, so it had a nice fruity taste. I noticed that it was definitely one of the more popular cocktails ordered. I went on a Friday night and it was full with a lively atmosphere, but our drinks were served quickly. Overall I enjoyed my time at Claret and I can see myself returning.Fairly new bar on the quiet side of magazine street. Only stay for a little while, but there's a large outdoor patio. They have specialty cocktails and a small food menu. Nice atmosphere definitely worth going back.We went opening weekend.  The drinks and servicewere fabulous.  The whipped feta dip was great.  It's a very different feel, not in a bad way, than any lower garden restaurant/bar.  The weather was pleasant and the outdoor patio was in the shade and cool enough to sit comfortably.  It might not be as pleasant in August.  Hopefully they add some misters or fans or both.  The only downside we did notice was at a certain time the day, the sun reflects off of the silver metal on the Krewe warehouse which creates a sunburst of heat for a few minutes!!  May be an easy fix with either some tall landscaping or shading.This place was such a treat!! I loved the frozen cocktail and the appetizers!! My favorite was the cauliflower by far. My last day eating in NOLA was perfect because of that dish! It's in a cute neighborhood and the service was outstanding! I'm definitely returning during my next visit!!!Great atmosphere and open spacing. It feels natural and chic. Staff is friendly. Small plates specializing in meats and cheeses. Wine menu and bar are great. Tip: Ask for Randy.Can't recommend it enough. It's new. It's chic yet classic. It's a great addition to the area already full of outstanding restaurants. 
It's small plates. Start first with the Tuna Tartare. You won't be disappointed. For the vegans, the Beat Hummus is something not to be missed. 
I'm not a wine drinker, but the staff were more than willing to help me make a good decision on a wine. The wait staff are some of most attentive and well informed around. 
Glad to have had the chance to eat here, and I will most definitely be coming back.This place is so cute! I love their outdoor courtyard area. It was too hot to sit outside when I went with my group of friends, but I can totally see it being packed when the weather gets cooler. 
I did not realize Claret offered small plates, so I was pleasantly surprised to see it on their menu. I'll definitely have to return to try some of their cheese boards. As for the drinks, they have a wide selection with a lot of variety. Our cocktail waitress was great, and so were the bartenders. Prices on drinks were reasonable.This new bar has a rustic industrial vibe to it, went to get a drink and a couple of bites with the ladies and had a great time. Bartenders did a great job and the cocktails were great!Overpriced for the quality. Fish was dry and over cooked. Sauce and presentation was nice.  Drinks were off, martini and mojito.. expensive and tasted very wrong but waiter said they were right. Definitely the place for younger kids. The vibe and crowd was all barely 18 and they seemed to love it.Great hidden gem off of Magazine St.  It's easy like going to the backyard, sitting on the deck under stringy fairy lights away from the noise of the city.  The menu is filled with a short list of excellent wines and associated appetizers to accompany a discounted bottle of wine on Wednesdays.  The service was excellent.  He was very knowledgeable and when we couldn't make up our minds on which bottle of wine to have,  he provided small samples.  It was a great service and allowed us to make a good decision.  This is definitely a great wine bar with a more private and intimate location.The LGD has become a stranger to me. This new development is right around the corner from my first New Orleans apartment in an area that had way more vacant buildings and awkward empty lots just a few years ago.
My waiter on my visit here, who was--it should be said--very nice, was freshly arrived from Cleveland, training someone else who'd likely been in town just as briefly. 
I know that some people see this place as sexy...but it also feels more L.A. than LA (as they say). Why is there astroturf? Why is this development bright white? Why here when it could be anywhere?This spot get 4 stars just because there is  a happy hour Menu on a weekend. I honestly  really  don't think people understand how amazing it is to have a happy hour  when running a bar. So to know they care enough of my pockets to have it during a certain time during the weekends definitely speaks to wanting  a nice crowd turnout of spending conscious folks.  Then to have a great cocktail on the happy hour menu as well as food/light bites options is just wonderful!  Tb h this spot really invested much thought in the creation  of their menu which in return matches the sexy layout of the bar. So this space is really nice and spacious. The bar area itself is the buzz. Friendly bartender. Good comfortable seating and a sturdy bar top that seats up to 20 people if not more. You then get the ambiance of the bar. The sexy windowns and outside seating available.  Like i felt like i was no longer in Nee orleans. It's  really gorgeous.  I love a spot that gives attention  to  detail in the structure which is why i had to give this spot another star bringing it to 5 stars. This spot has a duck diah that is so delicious on their cheese and meat spread. I had the whipped feta and boy was it good! Also the pimento cheese is really good too! I really had no complaints about this spot. I will be back!!Claret was so delicious! It was the perfect happy hour spot, as pretty much everything was around $7. We tried the whipped feta and the pimento cheese. The portions were generous enough for 4 of us to share. I had the frozen lillet blanc royal as dessert. Our waitress was friendly, attentive and helpful us giving suggestions. I was only a little surprised that it was a true wine and cheese bar there is not much else in terms of substantial meals.Loved loved loved this spot! Hip and modern and off the typical tourist beaten path! Visited this spot with a friend after an event in the area on a Saturday afternoon. Loved the wine and the small bites selections. Great service and great selections.One of my favorite places for a serene happy hour. Love the bubbly that's on special. We ordered the cheese and charcuterie board which hit the spot. The staff were so pleasant and eager to answer all the questions we had.Delicious drinks. Wonderful ambience. A hot new place you must try!
Can't wait for the weather to cool off some so we can enjoy the patio!My small group was looking for a spot to catch up Saturday evening but we dropped the ball on making a reservation to the place we initially had in mind. I gave Claret a phone call at 6:08pm asking for a reservation for 4 for 6:30 and the host was so accommodating especially given the short notice! In fact, he asked if we preferred inside or outside; we opted for inside but the outside area is covered but there aren't any heaters for my fellow anemics/always cold folks out there! 
We were sat promptly upon arriving even though half my party hadn't showed up yet - yay for this! During COVID, Claret has joined forces with The Bower and combined their menus; it appears that they are officially operating out The Bower (so my review may be somewhat misplaced). We were greeted by Ali, our server for the night, who was delightful. 
I had a nice glass of red wine, my gal pal had a glass of white wine, and two others in my party ran the gambit in terms of cocktails -- they enjoyed them all and in fact claimed "these are too easy to drink!"
We were feeling appetizer-y so we opted for the highly reviewed whipped feta, the pimento cheese (because I'm southern and will order this every chance I get), the tuna tartare and the grilled avocado. 
A few things to point out:
Whipped feta is saltyyyyyy. Ladies, get out your jewelry dishes before leaving your house because you're gonna wanna peel of your rings while you still can before the sausage fingers set in!
Grilled avocado -- the dish is more croutons and cheese than avocados which isn't necessarily a bad thing 
This leads me to price: it's expensive especially considering the price-to-portion ratios. While it's not the most affordable spot for cocktails and nibbles, it is worth checking out especially if you like being in those 'see and be seen' types of swanky places. 
I'll definitely be filing Claret into my rotation list for those lets-catch-up-over-drinks-and-apps meet ups and suggest you do too!This little spot is so cute, perfect for a girls night or date night. My husband and I came a few nights ago, and not only do they have awesome wine and cocktails, but the food is so delicious as well. Fun vibe and great service.
We tried a few drinks: 51 problems and chargarita are somewhat similar tequila/mezcal drinks. Husband enjoy s the rosemary's baby-a light citrusy whiskey drink. To ear, we got the tuna tartare (fresh, flavorful, yum), crispy cauliflower (slightly crispy, well seasoned), and octopus (warm stew-like dish).
Rotating punch of the day is always delicious!A nice outdoor seating area tucked away off Magazine Street, and it made a perfect place for a drink and conversation on a beautiful day. The happy hour had a lot of options from 4 to 6 PM, and I can see myself stopping by the next time I'm in New Orleans.  The food menu looked pretty good too from what the folks next to me were eating - I just had dinner reservation somewhere else so I couldn't try it.I was excited to try another outdoor venue for food and drinks. My friend and I tried this place mainly bc it had outdoor seating and we hadnt been here before. We got there pretty early so it was a bit empty..the time change has really F'd us up so it always feels later than it is..anywho..I liked the feel of the place..felt serene and trendy. I had a glass of wine and the chefs selection charcuterie plate which was absolutely delicious. It came with so many accompaniments. I did think it was a tad overpriced though.
While every business owner has the right to do things the way they want..I was VERY turned off with a cat hanging around. The cat ran across my feet and was jumping into chairs next to patrons..i dont know abt you but I dont like my food/wine with a side of Cat. 
The waitress was great! Very attentive and explained some of the menu options really well.  Overall it was a good experience..I have been to Claret several times and am consistently impressed. Although one reviewer complained that it didn't feel like New Orleans because it is very sleek and modern, I cannot agree that this is a bad thing. Both the indoor and outdoor area are beautiful and lovely. The service is always attentive and prompt, and the menu items are delicious and a great value. Not to mention, there is a daily happy hour, including Saturdays and Sundays. They don't have TVs outside, which I like, but during a Saints game, they wheeled one outside, which was perfect. The carrot dip is probably my favorite thing, and any charcuterie board is excellent. Claret is definitely going to be in heavy rotation for me.What a glorious little wine and cocktail bar! Did someone say whipped carrots and warm Castelvetrano olives? How about a warm wine punch? Oh, that's just the visions dancing around in my head. It's been two days and I can't stop thinking about Claret.
I rarely get anywhere in time for happy hour, but I was actually on vacation and got here right at opening time, 4pm, to meet my friends (who have been telling me about this place since it opened). The happy hour menu is pretty sweet, with so many affordable options. Being that it was the rare frigid day in NOLA, as soon as our kind server told me about the warm punch, I was sold. It's what I often call "Christmas in a cup," lightly spiced and warms you to your core. It's in the league of the best gluhweins!
As for vegan options on the menu, I'll be honest, there aren't many, but you actually don't need many when there's whipped carrots to be had. I don't even really love carrots, but whatever they do to this concoction is magic. It's served chilled and is reminiscent of the best butternut squash soup you've ever had, slightly sweet and cinnamony. The toast points that come with are also perfectly chewy/crunchy. We paired it up with some hot olives (like buttah) and a beet hummus that unfortunately wasn't my jam because I'm not a fan of beets and the beet flavor dominates, as is typical of beets. I believe these are the only 3 things that are vegan on the menu and it would be cool to see a couple more options at some point.
The service here is top notch. I believe one of our waitresses is named Sara and she is just lovely and perfect and I'm glad her shoulder is healing nicely. I didn't catch our other waitress' name but she was also super kind and attentive. I think I love everyone here.
I left Claret with warm wine-tinged memories and feel it will forever be a favorite.Impromptu Happy Hour on a Saturday.....now that's my kinda Saturday. 
What a location! Beautifully nestled at the back of the complex and buttered up against an astro turf lawn sprinkled with families who appear to be dropped straight from the pages of Garden & Gun Magazine.
After a laxidazical day of Estate shopping we wondered over to Claret at Jen's (Infamous Yelper Jen L.) suggestion.  A hip open vibe meant I was instantly hooked.  We were seated at one of the small tables that overlook the courtyard, where as I mentioned several people were already enjoying glasses of wine and charcuterie.  
Our one armed server, Sara went over the drink menu and answered all our questions.  Let's be clear.  Sara doesn't really have one arm, she's temporarily in recovery from a shoulder injury.  She also brought over a sampling of the current frozen bevie which was worthy of an Ibiza weekend getaway.  
I knew immediately that I wanted the Beet Hummus and we chose a cheese plate since our journey for ice cream earlier was squashed.  As the plates were served there was the distinct sound of oohs and aahs.
Beautiful food.  Oh I love you already. As we chatted amongst ourselves, Jen shared with us that Claret is sister to Bar Frances on Freret. Well then....we loved it all.  There's nothing better than a delightful sip of a nice something, a bite of a delicious everything and a varied conversation to end the perfect day.  Since it was Happy Hour, what?! Oh hurrah! We'll have the whipped feta too please.  Sara mentioned it was her favorite thing as she present our 3rd choice.  It was delicious.
I watched the staff buzz around in a playful dance as the tables began to quickly fill.  Can I say, for a server with one mobile arm, Sara she can move, whoa.
I feel sorry for other places, when I think about a dining experience after my first visit.  So much so that I mention it to friends via texts at 1:42am in the morning and plan my next visit as soon as possible, that I think about it for 2 days now...Claret has captured my heart.  I'll be back, much sooner than later and will shout it out.....Happy Hour! oh how delightful you are at Claret!I'm in love, I'm in love! I love EVERYTHING about this spot. Its soooo cute and lively. It gives me LA vibes which I can truly appreciate. The drinks were everything. I ordered the HENNYTHING Can Happen and my friend ordered the TDC. Man, I wanted to order more and more lol. It was delicious. The HENNYTHING tasted like a pinnaple upside down cake. I can't wait to go back and try the food. The menu had really great options. Will be back!Great place for happy hour! They have drink deals and food deals. They have a lovely covered outdoor dining area as well as indoor dining. 
We ordered the whipped feta dish was as tasty as it was beautiful! We only stayed for a quick happy hour but I'm excited to go back and try more!This place is amazing! I am a sucker for sexy locations, and this has made my top list!
CHARCUTERIE.  It was put here by heaven I'm pretty sure. This has risen in ONE VISIT To my number one board....  The meats, cheeses, and pickled goodies were so perfectly paired together. It was beyond ME.. This is where you go where you need CLASS with your board.  
COCKTAILS. I'm just going to say it.. Their cocktails make you feel sexy and if you already were looking sexy, you may turn into Beyonce magically.  I started with the house punch. Normally I'm not a punch girl, but this refreshing cocktail with fresh juices and perfectly cut additives. I later went with a Daquiri, which I normally do not enjoy, but Claret made it so refreshing and not super sweet I would get it again.
ATMOSPHERE. There is a great vibe here. The location is so cute, slightly small but you can still get a good size group here. This location is great for a cute girls night out event where you get all dolled up! This is also a great first date location in my opinion. Especially if you get outdoor seating on a semi-cool day, TRUST ME.  The staff is cool, friendly, knowledgeable and give seriously great recommendations.
This is street parking location, but you shouldn't have any issues, plus it's in a non-metered area.FETA DIP.
FETA.
DIP.
Feel like i should probably elaborate on that, but i also feel like I don't need to. Friends and I stopped in Claret (my first time, not theirs) and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. We went in for happy hour and a snack before the parades (had the house punch which changes daily but it was an orangey - vodka thing was yum in a Turnt up Tang kinda way). We sat on the patio which is really nice! But it was kinda chilly (they have heaters though) so we moved inside after the sun went down. Our waitress (sorry girl, can't remember your name) was very nice and attentive as well.
I ordered the Whipped Feta dip which was so good i didn't have enough warm bread to eat it with so I used a knife to eat the remainder. Ugh literally so good y'all. We also VERY much enjoyed their Roasted Carrot dish. It was dang good - had sweet candied carrots, toasted pine nuts and pomegranate seeds. Very much recommend this as a light snack with the feta.
Will def be returning for more!Went with a large group for a Saturday happy hour, Saturday happy hour prices is great. Service was quick and attentive. Outdoor area was OK even during New Orleans summer. Group got a variety of cocktails and beers, all were good. If they would add a few fans outside that would improve the outside space for the hot months.