First and last time eating here....
I held my self for a week before i wrote this review/comment. Having said that if any one out there feels compelled not to be a patron of an establishment who's owner believes that its ok to shout out derogatory comments in regards to race and ethnicity well read on ..
 I visited Samuel's Blind Pelican on Oct. 13th during their happy hour. The Chard Oysters where good only complain could be the sandy crunchy taste at the end. The bartender was great..! she was very attentive. I ended up staying till the first quarter of the Monday night game. 
My unfortunate encounter with the Pelican's owner happen the following thursday after visiting the neighboring restaurant. The Pelicans owner stood on the side walk 10 feet from where i was having lunch. He called the city to inquire if the restaurant (tacos and beer) had acquired the proper permits to have a TV on the front patio. He began to spew derogatory comments and racial slurs about the current owners to a buddy of his. Loud enough for all to hear. I was actually shocked and was lost for words.
He then looked at me and made a comment. I believe he thought i was an employee of the restaurant. Once he did, I couldn't help but to say something. It was awful what came out this mans mouth. He continued to shout racial comments from the steps of his restaurant to the Tacos and Beer owner. The cops where called. I was asked by the restaurant if i would stay to speak to the officers.  
What makes me sick to my stomach is to know that i was also a patron of this establishment. I can not believe that there are people out there who still believe is fine to use use such derogatory comments in regards to race. He had no care of those around him. The Officers asked me if i was willing to press charges against the Pelicans owner for disturbing the peace. He was also told by officers that after that rant he could be charged for a hate crime against the neighboring restaurant for calling the city and heckling their clientele. 
no one should condone the use of race or ethnicity as a shortcoming...For my first taste of raw oysters this was the right place. The gulf oysters were so fresh. Happy hour was really cheap and late until 8 pm. The drinks are strong as well. I'll definitely be back for some of their broiled oysters too. The view is nice on their balcony. The wait staff was very friendlyI dunno about this place...girl at the front first completely ignored us while sticking her hand in the crayfish pot and was eating the crayfish.  
She then told us an hour wait. Shortly after told a another couple it was a 40 min wait. 
My mom asked her which was it...she sputtered 40 to 60 minutes.
Surprised she knew an hour was 60 minutes. And I'm a little grossed out that staff is just all up in the crayfish with their bare hands.
And apparently everyone ahead of said forget you and left.
We finally got sat and were left waiting to be served, which never happened. I assume the crayfish boil was delicious...the staff sure liked them, just continued grabbing some mudbugs after clearing tables. (That grossed me out and we left)I'll tell you one great thing about this place is the food is excellent. You can't beat the happy hour on the oysters. What hurts them the most is their service. Our waitress kept bringing other tables orders to us. Had no clue of what went where. We ordered two dozen oyster as an appetizer. Never received napkins and asked if she could bring us some. We never saw them. Had to ask the busboy to bring us some. We ordered the po boy roast beef sandwich. Excellent by the way. I had a choice of 1 side and asked for the salad. She brought fries. She even spilled a glass of water on the poor lady next to us. 
We just couldn't believe how bad she was. Then we saw her and a slender male that works there hiding shots in the bushes by the steps into the restaurant and drinking when they could. I don't I'll go back just because of the service.I've lived in New Orleans for my entire life, and my latest visit to the Blind Pelican ranks as the worst ever dining experience. I went with my girlfriend and her mom on Friday, 6/16 at around 1 in the afternoon. I wanted to take her mom to an authentic style New Orleans restaurant, and I had been to Blind Pelican before so I thought it would be nice. It was not crowded, but there were a few people in the restaurant. I got there before my gf and her mom, and I sat down at a table and ordered two diet cokes for them, and a water for myself. They then arrived and started to peruse the menu. The waitress then brought my water out. It was a very small 5 ounce cup filled with ice and water. I thought it was odd that the it wasn't a normal sized cup, but I figured since I didn't order a fountain drink it wouldn't be in a normal cup. No big deal, I would just have to ask for a bunch of refills. Then the waitress brings out the diet coke's. They were 8 ounce glass bottles taken out from the fridge. We all thought this was odd. My gf asked for cups and ice to pour the drinks into and the waitress brought out the same 5 ounce cups my water was served in. Then my gf exclaimed that each eight ounce glass bottle of Diet Coke costs $4.00 !! We could not believe the audacity of the restaurant to charge such an exorbitant amount of money for the limited amount of soda. We then asked to speak to the manger, but he was nowhere to be found. The waitress then exclaimed to the bartender the issue, but he offered no help either. We then asked if they actually did have fountain drinks in the restaurant. She said that they did have fountain drinks, but they were only for the mixed drinks behind the bar. "If you ordered a coke from behind the bar they would still charge you $4.00 for an eight ounce bottle." It would have cost just as much for us to order a whiskey and coke and hold the whiskey. I have never experienced anything like this at a restaurant in NOLA. We then asked to pay for the two drinks, and told them that we were going to be taking our business elsewhere. The waitress then said that she would take care of the cost of the two diet cokes. This blew us away as well because if she was just going to comp the drinks why didn't she do it earlier when we were about to order food, but initially expressed concern over the unusually high price of the limited beverage?
We ended up taking our business right next door to Tacos and Beer. The meal was delicious, and the fountain drinks were reasonably priced with free refills too!
I will not be dining at this restaurant ever again.Bruna was amazing!! She helped coach me on my first time trying oysters even though it didn't go down so well.Can't say enough bad things about our experience with this place.  We showed up at lunch with a large group.  The place wasn't busy and I let the waitress know that a large group was going to trickle in over the next hour.  We ordered drinks at tables.  It took ONE HOUR for us to get our beers and wine.  It took TWO HOURS for us to get raw oysters which we ordered about ten minutes after we arrived.  About an hour into our wait I decided to walk in to see what was going on (before we got our drinks), and the bartender was standing at the bar not doing anything and the waitress was standing in the back.  The waitress kept coming outside to joke with our group and make smart remarks, but never once brought a drink out with her.  At first it was funny, then everyone wondered why she wasn't bringing beers out with her jokes?
People started leaving because it was taking too long to get their drinks or food.  So when the bill finally came out hours later, most people were gone.  The bill had more items than we had ordered and was missing other items which I had seen people order.  We tried to convince them that the bill was wrong, but they basically said that the bill would stand.  We asked to speak to a manager, but he/she would never come out.  
A bunch of waiters did show up towards the end of our visit and service improved drastically.  This must tie into their well known oyster happy hour.  I'm guessing you should not go any other time besides during that little window.  I won't go back either way.This was the first stop on the 24 hour food tour in New Orleans when visiting a friend. I'm not a huge oyster fan, but this was too good to not give props. 
Happy hour = half off our dozen charbroiled oysters with purchase of beverage
The oysters were in a platter of Garlic butter sauce that came with bread for extra dipping. Really good quality and a perfect place to meet up with friends after work or to watch a game. Our waiter suggested the local Abita IPA 31 which was a really good seasonal beer.
Service was a little stunted; our waiter mentioned that a lot of groups came in and ordered the same so it would be a while. I appreciated the notice and it wasn't too long a wait. The only real wait was trying to get our check and head out long after being done.
Semi-interesting crowds or an early happy hour which enhanced the feel of the sports bar most suitable for college age. Would definitely return for that happy hour deal, but I doubt I'd go back at full-price.Wait staff and food are top notch. 
Excellent food and service, best service we received anywhere in NOLA. 
Manager paced back and forth the whole time we were there,  creeping out my wife to the point she asked who he was and why he was up everyone's ass. Creeper....
There must be at least 50 cameras around this place to monitor the goings on, don't need this guy micro managing every employees every move also.
Great food and service, but the creeper managers kinda kill the whole N'Orleans mood.
Would highly recommend this place if your looking for great service and food, not so much for the "behind the scenes management"..Drinks were great. Good prices for happy hour. Oysters were awesome. Waiter was lacking a bit but once we moved to the bar we met a charming bartender and the owner. All in all a great night. Atmosphere is near perfect. Once this place finds its stride it will be a great!If you're an oyster fan, this will probably be a 4, as their ouster specials are really good. 
I was on the hunt for a soft shell crab po boy as a nice woman I'm talking to has been hyping them up, and it was like the only kind of po boy I hadn't had this trip. Also as I was flying today, I didn't want to be hauling my luggage through bourbon, nor dropping close to $20 just on the sandwich. Based on the reviews and the location to Avenue Pub, Blind Pelican was my spot.
I arrived right before a storm hit, just as disappointment hit as I asked the bar tender if he had soft shell crab. Negative! With the rain coming sideways and hungry, I went with the cochon de lait, with a side of alligator hash, and a beer.
The sandwich wasn't bad, but wasn't mind blowing. The alligator hash, however, was fantastic. Large bits of alligator sausage with hash browns with bell pepper and spices. Worth getting! The beer was also nice, and should have checked that in on Untappd.
The bartender and servers were nice, and the place smells great and looks like a great seafood dive bar. If in the immediate area and looking for something simple and quick, I recommend it.WOW. Bear yourself because this was absolutely insane. My friend and I came here for dinner. Our waiter was Elijah, a tall thinly-framed man. When we got to our table, Elijah tells us we are his last customers of the night and he'll be right back. Um okay, no problem. We ended up waiting 15 mins for him to return to our table. In fact, we ended up getting our water from the bartender. Once he returned he asked us what we wanted, we ordered and then he snatched the menus from our hands and left. Um, that was weird. 20 mins later he returned to our table and asked us what we ordered. We reminded him of our orders and then he left. This whole time I'm thinking maybe this is his first time working at a restaurant or maybe he's just slow because I didn't think he was being rude intentionally. He seemed very absent-minded, slow-moving and just all over the place. My mind changed as soon as another party was seated near us. Now THIS is where the story gets weird. This party is quickly seated, given water and THEIR FOOD before us! Not only that but Elijah was all of the sudden perky, asking the customers how their night was and he given gave them recommendations from the menu. This whole time I thought he was mentally slow but in fact he was intentionally giving us bad service! Anyways, we finally get our food, the food is decent (I forgot to take pictures). While we were finishing up our meals, my friend noticed a COCKROACH 2 feet away from our table. We showed Elijah and pointed at it and guess what he did? He steps on it and walks away! I KID YOU NOT! This was so bizarre! By this time we asked for our check and left, the table that received their food after us also left around the same time even though they came 20 mins after us. I have never experienced anything like this before, I left like I was in movie because it seemed unreal. I would not recommended this place because of the horrible service and the cockroach. If you decide to dine here DO NOT HAVE ELIJAH AS YOUR WAITER. Even while writing this and recounting our experience, I'm still in shock that a human being can behave this way.Went here for hh oysters yesterday. The hostess is as unprofessional as they come - totally bored and inattentive and got into a fight with a server while everyone watched.  The chargrilled oysters were soaked in some disgusting imitation butter and seemed like they were boiled. The raw oysters had grit. They ran out of crackers.  The only redeeming quality was Jeremy our waiter - poor guy doesn't have much to work with. Stay away - go to Luke instead.Great sandwiches and awesome happy hour! Jimmy the bartender is the bees knees.I've been waiting to try this spot with their 25 cent oyster happy hour; however, it was a bummer to find out that no drinks come with that happy hour. Either way, the oysters were quite tasty, I would recommend the chargrilled oysters for anyone who doesn't love the slippery taste and texture of raw oysters. The chargrilled ones are cooked with a little cheese and oil and be sure to sop it all up with the bread. 
They do have a notable beer list; however, their speciality beverages (I ordered a sangria) are average and almost $8 a pop. 
It was a nice place to spend a Sunday afternoon; however, I've checked it off my list and don't need to return.The grilled oysters are so good! Happy hour gets you a dozen for $7.99 with the purchase of an "adult beverage". On the downside though, the crawfish was horrible and overpriced at $16.99. I'd come back but definitely avoid the crawfish**Note to self...
Self, don't bring your ass here for happy hour ever again if it takes 45 minutes to get a dozen raw oysters and you can only order one dozen. Especially when the staff speaks to you in a condescending tone, as if you should already know their policy on understaffed service. 
The regulars I sat next to are a friendly bunch, so there's that.Cheapest happy hour oysters! .25 cents a piece. Gett'um grilled for a little more if you like... delish! Lots of brews on tap and sit at the bar and chat with Mikey.Amazing food. Great beer selection. Outdoor seating was fantastic. Highly recommend the raw oysters, the alligator sausage and the crawfish quesadilla!!How can you beat 25 cent oyster happy hour.  I pay $3 an oyster back in Chicago so we were literally in heaven. Oh and to top it off it was Mardi Gras so we had a prime location to drink and eat before the festivities and parade kicked-off literally 50 yards away.  
The only negative was that they were out of my first two beer selections.Group enjoyed oysters and crawdads. Other was basic bar food exception pizza was fresh but oily.  Loud bar party atmosphere.We missed the oyster happy hours. No problem. My first dozen of oysters came out slowly. It was filled with shells. I could have shucked it better myself. I'm not crazy about charboiled oysters but I couldn't tell if I was eating shells or chared pieces. Onion rings were awesome with some garlicky sauce.Just wow... never even got a chance to make an order and the prissy waiter can go to hell, he is lucky I didn't beat his ass for the way he talked to my wife. Pathetic looser!This place seriously blows. The decor is super touristy, which you might've guessed. The tables are beat up laminate covered particle board with holes in it where the particle board is bulging through. Get a new table. Jesus. If you're big into raw oysters, you might be able to get over the aesthetics and lack of authenticity of the place for the sheer great deal of happy hour, which is great. But I can only eat half a dozen - dozen oysters before I'm tapped out. 
Here's an item by item list of grievances I took with the place: 
1. "Specialty cocktail" menu was seriously gross. All fruit juice and rum or some other terribly unoriginal combination. This could be a separate item but I'll lump it in: my SO randomly ordered a margarita (was it national margarita day, idk?) and it was disgusting. I took a sip and dramatically cringed. All mix/ triple sec. I guess that's what you get for getting a margarita at a place that doesn't specialize in it? But honestly, don't serve it if it's sub par. 
2. No gluten free options besides salad. I know I know, one of those insufferable gluten free people. I'm not strict but try to limit the amount of gluten I take in. Every item besides chips and salsa, fried alligator sausage and salads (sans croutons) has gluten in it. I know that's kind of a tall order but these days so many people have allergies and it's kind of ridiculous to not have something that's simply free of something (gf bread or pizza crust or the offering of corn meal instead of flour battered) doesn't seem that hard. 
3. The salad I got (wedge salad) was served on a plate that was still very warm from the dishwasher. Unappetizing even on the best of salads. Further still, the dressing tasted incredibly pre made/ store bought and there was entirely too much on it. The tomatoes were also overripe and mushy. I ate maybe 1/3 of it. 
4. The general atmosphere of the place was altogether unoriginal and tacky. 
The bright spots: again, the oyster happy hour was a great deal and the oysters were really tasty. The service was decent- our server was friendly and attentive. And seemed apologetic about lack of GF items. 
Absolutely will not go back. Probably could've called this entire experience just based on the locale/exterior, but wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt. 
Save some time/money/annoyance.. Go somewhere else.3 words you will never hear or see in the midwest: Happy Hour Oysters. Awesome! My friend and I took a scenic streetcar ride down St. Charles St. and saw this place- decided to stop in on the way back. We were glad we did! 
We had: Oysters- raw and charbroiled, many local beers, and it was all at the direction of the funky hipster bartender. He just took over, which was awesome,. We were seated at the bar next to a group of older fun ladies from Minnesota, so we became one big loud drunk group of 6 women and had a great time. 
Add a free oyster or 2 from the shuckers in the back.... and I'm sold. Thanks, Blind Pelican!Went to the Blind Pelican to partake of the nightly oyster specials with a group of 12 bike riders on a Saturday evening.  It was my first visit there, so I was not familiar with the specific protocol.  I'd read that orders for oysters on the half shell were limited to one dozen per customer at a time, due to the sheer number of customers at Happy Hour.  I didn't realize that a mandatory drink  order was required with each dozen oysters.  I also was unaware that because I had ordered from the bar, I needed to settle my tab at the bar in order to be seated on the patio.  Once that matter was resolved, I continued my 30 minute wait to receive my one dozen raw oysters on the half shell.  There were three oyster shuckers on duty and they were shucking oysters non-stop.
Let me just sat that my oysters were plump and delicious.  The only drawback was that the only dipping options were cocktail sauce and horseradish, with sliced lemons and crackers, but no Tabasco sauce.  In hindsight, that was probably a beneficial windfall because I was able to get a more unadulterated taste of the actual oysters.  My other two friends at my table had a bit longer to wait for  their orders.  Sadly, my friend that ordered a dozen raw oysters on the half shell had to wait for nearly 45 minutes.  But even worse, my friend that ordered the dozen chargrilled  oysters had his order delivered to the wrong table and he had to wait for a replacement order to arrive.  Of the three orders of oysters at my table, mine was the most consistent and most closely met expectations.  The second order of raw oysters at our table was of varying sized mollusks... small, medium and large.  One of those oysters was so large that my friend was so intimidated by it that he cut it into three portions for each of us to share.  The order of chargrilled oysters was also prepared differently than we were expecting because they were not cooked as long as we are accustomed to, in comparison to Acme or Drago's.  Therefore, the oysters were much more juicy and tender. They also did not have as much garlic atop the oysters, and thus retained more of the oyster flavor.
The food I sampled was great.  However the wait time was a bit much because of the large Happy Hour crowd.  There were flat screened televisions everywhere, so I was able to stay entertained watching several sporting events simultaneously.  I will return.My family ate here after a long hot day at Jazz Fest. The choice was a compromise between meat and fish eaters. The compromise was good beer and oysters. Unfortunately neither panned out.
The evening got off to a rough start when 5 of us were seated at a 2' x 2' square table crammed onto a narrow porch. When we asked if we could move two of the tables together to create a little more space to place dishes, we were told that it was restaurant policy that you had to have 6 people to combine tables. So several of us ended up with a small piece of a corner.
The draft beer menu was promising with several local micro brews and a good selection of micro brews from around the country. We ordered beers and 2 dozen oysters. The waitperson disappeared and returned with some of our beers. One of us wanted an Arrogant Bastard, but they couldn't get the keg to produce anything  but foam.  The waitperson brought an alternative which was an okay substitute, but charged us for the AB. When I later questioned the difference (turns out there was none) she suddenly remembered she forgot to change it.
As we were anticipating our last oysters in NOLA, our main orders arrived. I informed the person who brought that we had not had our appetizers yet.  She informed us that it didn't matter since the entrees were to be delivered as soon as they were ready. I tracked down our original wait person who agreed that the entrees should not have arrived before the oysters and said the shuckers were backed up from happy hour (it was at least 2 hours later). She offered to take the entrees away so we could enjoy the oysters, which I refused as it would not have helped the entrees. She then offered to comp the oysters, which while a nice gesture, was problematic from a timing standpoint as well as it would have been  impossible to place two dozen oysters on our small table along with our entrees and drinks.In the end the wait person did comp us one beer. 
The service overall was very poor. The beer was good, but the food was okay at best and very salty. Can't comment on the oysters.
Do yourself a favor and go further out St. Charles to Superior Seafood and Oyster which has great oysters, beer and service, or try one of the many good restaurants on Magazine St. instead.Went for the happy hour charbroiled oysters deal.  I do not even like oysters.  But the charbroiled oysters are so amazing.  These are the best I had in New Orleans.  The service isn't the best and it feels kind of like a dive bar with decent food.  The happy hour deal is very good though.  The rest of the food was only average.  Regular New Orleans style food.  Go for the charbroiled oysters!Cold beer and crawfish what more can you ask for?  Now I guess, and from what I've heard, the  crawfish boil isn't offered all the time but that's not a heart breaker because the oysters are solid as well.  This is not fine Cajun dining, this is a New Orleans watering hole with good food.Love this place. Found if in on our way home. The half off oyster special was great, the oysters taste super fresh. They also have a great beer selection for all taste buds. Our waitress April was very nice and sociable. Living on the north shore we will still come back for the deals and atmosphere.I wish so much to give them better as I'm a pretty fair person however we walked about a mile or more to get there as we had been in the area. When we walked in the first day there was no air and it was 86 out so we decided to go else where.  Ok the next trip was because they have .25 oysters everyday during a certain time. We took the troll this time and sat outside there was a nice breeze. The sprite was out of syrup bummer. Then the 1st dozen of oysters had not really been cleaned properly still black sand mush on them. The sever said they sell over a million not sure in what time frame though. The second dozen was so disappointing it had WORMS. WORMS WORMS YES WORMS GROSS. I  turned green in my face and had to be excused. While walking to the bathroom I noticed about 5 young men chucking away with no care in the world.  They took it off my bill and said it was normal and not to worry. The owners wife had came around and apologized and then told us that her husband smoked some deer and was going to serve it tomorrow and that we should come by it will be a real treat. FYI in illinois you need a permit to sell venision. Anyone KNOW if you can just sell venison in LA? ??Oysters on the half shell good. Shrimp po-boy and oyster boy also tasty. I can forgive the lack of fountain drinks and glassware since it was Lundi Gras but the ridiculous time it took to get our food can only be attributed to our waitress. The restaurant was only 1/5 full since it was early during lunch.   Oysters took no more than 5 minutes. Po Boys took 45. 20 min after asking our order our waitress asked us what we ordered so she can check on it. Rightttt.  Obviously she forget to put out order in. All tables seated after us had food and paid up 5 min after we received our food. It was obviously by our waitress' outfit - bra less with some kind of voodoo queen outfit - that having fun for herself took precedence over good service.  
We won't return.Best char grilled oysters I've ever had!! Jimmy is the best server ever! I'm from NJ and was told I had to come here. Great service and all the servers were awesome.Loved this place! We checked in our hotel and asked where would be a cool place to grab some drinks and some food. We were
directed to the Blind Pelican. Love the whole bar scene and what I loved even more were the prices! It helped that we arrived just in time for happy hour. We ordered some chips and salsa, which were delish, and 2 dozen oysters! My boyfriend and I  devoured everything! I think we were more shocked at how fresh everything was and for such a low price! $3.00 for a dozen oysters? Yes, please! Needless to say, we will be making another stop there before we head home!The charbroiled oysters are excellent. The staff make you feel welcome and at home. I come to the NO for these oysters. Best Happy Hour I've experienced 3 years in a row. I wouldn't  change a thing about the venue or the staff.The oysters are fresh year round even though you're only supposed to eat them in the months ending in 'r' the only problem is that the wait is so longSamuel's Blind Pelican is a restaurant located right on St. Charles, minutes away from downtown New Orleans. The eatery is well known for it's fresh happy hour oyster deal from 4pm - 8pm, everyday of the year. A few friends and I decided to give the place a try after hearing all the buzz. My first impression was that the exterior and overall aesthetic of the place was analogous to the southern nature of the restaurant and its menu. We were seated, shortly after putting our name in, on the patio, right next to a pungent trash can. After a rather decent wait, the waiter came to our table. I ordered the Chargrilled Oysters with a Margarita. It took longer than anticipated to receive both the oysters and the drink, but both were extremely satisfying. The Oysters were seasoned and grilled very well and I recommend them to any visitors. Overall my only complaint was the substandard service, but I would not let it hinder my decision to eat there again.$3 a dozen oysters for happy hour. They oysters were quite good, both the raw and charbroiled.  I also got the alligator sausage appetizer.  Highly recommend all three.  This isn't necessarily a place for a great sit down dinner, but rather a bar with some terrific food. Get a beer and a dozen oysters and be merry.Came here on the recommendation of someone who lives in NOLA. Happy hour from 4-8 is the best deal in town.  Make sure you go early if you want to get seated without a wait. They have an outside patio that seats about 20 tables and inside the are another 6-7. Very tight quarters but will worth it. Well drinks are 2 for 1 and their well bourbon/whiskey is Jack Daniels. For every adult beverage ordered during happy hour you can order a dozen oysters raw ($3.00) or charbroiled ($7.00) Nice! Started with the fried green tomato stack. This was the best part of the meal.for me and we actually ended up ordering a second one later in the night. For dinner we had various oysters raw and charbroiled and both we delicious.  Another friend had the chicken nachos.  They were decent but definitely not their strongest suit.  We also ordered the crawfish.  They are cooked onsite and take about and hour to get done after the crawfish cook's 6 pm arrival.  The crawfish themselves are not too spicy, but the corn potatoes and sausage that come with it will light up even the most spicy food coneisseurs.  Enjoyable evening spent with Matt who was extremely accommodating and had a great sense of humor even while being over seated during the rush. Steve the owner was very personable and enjoyed talking with him about his restaurant and football. (Note the "Godell Sucks" jersey on the wall and ask for the story about how the glass got broken.) This was will worth the trip to the 4th Ward and a nice change of pace from the crowds of Bourbon Street. If you go to New Orleans you should definitely find your way to this spot. I know I will definitely be coming back again!Great prices during happy hour but the oysters had bits of shell where other places that we have tried did not Service is slow. If you can live with the shell bits, this is a place to go .Extremely disappointed. I was here for my last night in Louisiana and waited over an hour and 45 minutes for food that we didn't even get. The waitresses just seemed annoyed for being there and not once apologized.I'd give this 3.5 stars really...a great spot to watch the game or have a drink before starting your bar crawl...the bartenders are super nice! 
There's even one from Washington state who is doubly nice and bold (the dude rocks a Seahawks hat) in a sea of black and gold. who dat???
pps. the half star comes from the stuffed cheetah mauling a pigeon. Random!! 
ps. does anyone else think there are too many flies in here though?Idk if the heat got to us or something, but our time here was almost miserable. there was virtually zero indoor seating, and during happy hour it gets really really hot outside even with all the fans and shade they provided. I know it was happy hour, but it was such a long wait to get seated, and while hostess was attentive, the waitress was not. our bottled beers took 15 minutes to come out. our chargrilled dozen took 45 minutes to come out. Yeah, you can't beat the price of oysters, but there was definitely grit, and the oysters were small. pay the extra quarter to get FRESH and large oysters at Superior seafood. 
The oysters when they finally came tasted not bad, and were topped with bread and swimming in a pool of golden butter. Probably would've liked it better if i didn't wait close to an hour for them.For what it is, cannot be beat.
Patio seating on a warm day watching the streetcars go by is so relaxing.
Double drinks for the price of singles and 25c oysters during happy hour. The charbroiled are fantasssstic. Once they got super packed, the shucking took more time, as expected.
We still managed to get a great buzz on and down 9 dozen oysters.
Service was great and friendly. Love this place!!Happy hour 4-8 was great and the oyster prices were fantastic, but that's were it ended. My fish tacos were blah, had to find waitress to get utensils and the salad ordered with blackened fish was chicken and we never got the salad dressing. The only reason I would go back would be for happy hour and that's it, but there's so many other great spots to eat and drink . Service was awfulWeirdest Place ever! Went here during oyster happy hour ordered some oysters and drinks, which were all super fine. 
Saw the next table getting some Burgers, Tacos etc and i felt the urge to order it. The waiter told us that they wouldn't let us order any food! Yeah, literally made no sense to me why they wouldn't let us order food at a freaking restaurant. 
All the while the next table was getting more orders of Tacos and burgers getting served to them. Completely perplexed. The explanation was super wonky. "The manager was in the kitchen and going on a rampage." Thats what we were told. It didn't make any sense but I was pretty much done by then.Friend and I went here yesterday.  
Atmosphere- Great atmosphere.  Doors were open and wonderful spring breeze was kicking.  LOVE the vintage Falstaff beer signs.  I liked how the kitchen was set up and the separate oyster bar.
Beer- Very good craft beer list.  They were out of a lot of beer but I think thats okay since all of Kentucky seemed to be in the bar for the Final Four.
Food- Burger was solid and inexpensive at $6.50.  it was just reported that Kim and Craig from J'anitas will be taking over the kitchen as well so bonus!
Overall-  Great little bar with great beer selection!Best oysters on the half shell EVER! Very friendly staff! Great cocktail choices...the Rum Chata shots were delectable! I would definitely recommend a stop at the Blind Pelican!!I came to this place for the first time in 2016 and I loved it! They were serving their $0.50 (I think) oysters after 4pm. I visited them more recently a month ago and I can tell there must be new management. They did not have the crawfish by the pound. I can't remember if the waiter said it wasn't the season or what else. And they ran out of oysters which was unfortunate. The place wasn't packed so maybe bad weather interfered with the fishing (I'm just taking a guess). I was not as impressed as I was the first time but maybe it was just a bad day for them.A bit of a mixed review. Came here New Year's Day with some friends for dinner. While waiting for a table we met a their fabulous bartender. Finally got our table after 40 minutes bc they skipped over our name. Once sat we ordered raw and fried oysters immediately, bc clearly in high demand and would take the longest to get...little did we know it would end up taking 3 hours and in the mean time the tables on either side of us were sat had ordered oysters received them payed and left, yeahRIPOFF!!! DO NOT USE CREDIT CARD HERE!!!!
I was there on May 29th.  I used my debit card to pay.  I was then double-charged for my dinner.  I've called daily, spoke to the manager (Billy) and the owner (Steve).  I've repeatedly been told "we're looking into it".  Billy tells me the other day that he saw the owner looking into it, and he mentioned that my claim was not correct.  I've called again the past two days, left messages, and not one call back.  Today I contacted my bank to dispute.  They called with me on the line, and after describing why they were calling the person answering the phone hung up on the bank.  Very unprofessional, and I wouldn't recommend going there at all unless you want to run the risk of having money stolen from you.BLUF:  Amazing oyster happy hour.  Good atmosphere and staff.
$0.25 oysters for happy hour.  That is crazy.  You have to drink for each order but that is just as fun.  They have a standard beer list.  When we were there they were out of half of the beers which was annoying but no big deal.  
Waiter was super nice and helpful.  We saw full meals coming out that looked good but didnt have anythign but the oysters which were big and good.  We had raw and chard.  Both were great.  
Lots of young people having a good time.  Lots of outdoor seating plus indoor.  Good place to get bar hop.I am here for the happy hour and am satisfied. The deal is 0.25 cent raw oyster with each alcoholic drink. If you are looking for cheap oyster and drinking this could be a place to go.Came here Friday night with gf, roommate, and roommate's gf for Michigan basketball watch party and Happy Hour.  The $3/dozen raw oysters and $7.50/dozen chargrilled oysters may be my favorite Happy Hour deals in the city (along with 75-cent sliders and meat pies at American Sector).  Especially the char-grilled.  My gf and I also split a shrimp po-boy and fries, which was pretty good for a bar.  I would've like a little more shrimp, but the flavor was good, and there wasn't too much bread.  
One major drawback was the service.  It seemed very slow and a bit disorganized.  Granted, it was PACKED.  But the waiter forgot my gf's drink order twice, and the food runners went to the wrong tables more than once. 
Another thing I didn't like was that we were told each of us could only order so many oysters.  Don't know if that's normal or was just because it was so crowded.  Either way, NOT a good way to bring customers back.
I'd like to go back just for a normal happy hour and see how they do.  
Giving 4-stars because I think it may have just been too packed and overwhelming for the staff, but I'll see next time.  If it's the same, will have to drop to 3-stars.Fish tacos were good though not as described on the menu. It had other stuff on it. Burger was decent. Service was terrible and took forever. We were one of 2 tables filled at the time (off hours) and they had several severs hanging around. Probably wouldn't go back, especially with all the options in town.Decent food for a sports bar, fish tacos had great flavor. Very much a sports bar with decent food, not a restaurant with a sports package, but with that in mind it was worth the visitYou can't get a better deal than the happy hour oysters at the Blind Pelican. Raw oysters are 25 cents each and char broiled oysters (which are INCREDIBLE - order extra bread to dip into the super delicious and cheesy oil thats left over) are 75 cents each. They also have good deals for buckets of beers. The one negative about this place is that it is super crowded any day of the week, so get there on the earlier side to make sure you have enough time to enjoy the happy hour deals.I came to this place for the first time in 2016 and I loved it! They were serving their $0.50 (I think) oysters after 4pm. I visited them more recently a month ago and I can tell there must be new management. They did not have the crawfish by the pound. I can't remember if the waiter said it wasn't the season or what else. And they ran out of oysters which was unfortunate. The place wasn't packed so maybe bad weather interfered with the fishing (I'm just taking a guess). I was not as impressed as I was the first time but maybe it was just a bad day for them.I'm not quite sure how much I can say about this place, as I've only been here for happy hour...  The service was great, and we were seated quite promptly even with a cue, but the oysters weren't the greatest.  We got a shell in our raw oysters, which rarely happens at my usual spot, but that alone is forgivable.  We then had chargrilled oysters, which are my favorite, but again, the seasoning and grilling was a bit lacking.  I had a bit of a fried soft shell crab, which also wasn't the greatest.  There was no crunch to the batter, and the crab was a bit fishy.  I am a huge fan of soft shell crab, and I just wasn't impressed.  The establishment itself is a great looking place with a New Orleans vibe, but the service wasn't the greatest, and neither was the food (though the oysters were cheap for happy hour).Great spot to watch Mardi Gras parades while seated and no bs cover like other spots on st Charles. Food was good not great and beers are cheap by my standards with very good variety/selection. Lacking of last star is due to bartender who when I asked questions about beers replied I don't drink beer.The good: Lot's of tv's
The bad: Cockroaches, angry management, and dirty oysters.
We have visited Blind Pelican twice now, and both times were a disaster.
Visit #1: A Saturday mid-afternoon. Sat at the bar for a couple of afternoon beers. The bartender was pleasant enough, but disappeared after pouring our first round. The manager took over, and was a downright jerk. We had to constantly ask for things instead of him being proactive (refilling our waters, pouring another round, etc), and he made us feel like we were being a bother by being at his bar.  
A gentleman who appeared to be the owner came in for about 5 minutes.  He went behind the bar, drank some jagermeister, and started an argument with the manager. They bickered back and forth for a couple of minutes, right in front of the guests, then the owner left and the manager became even more of a jerk.  When we asked for our check, I think he actually almost went off on us for bothering him again.  We left, both feeling uneasy with our entire experience.
Visit #2: Despite the first bad experience, we went back again because we had heard about the happy hour oysters.  Can't beat $3 per dozen, right? We arrived about 3:30pm, a half hour before the oysters went on sale, so we order a couple beers to kill some time.  While we sat at our  table waiting on 4pm, we noticed at the oyster shucking station that flies were crawling into the horseradish and cocktail sauce cups.  Like, actually crawling in the condiments.  YUCK.
The oysters came, and they were full of chipped shells and sand.  Completely inedible!  We asked the server about this, and her response was 'That's just how they are here.'  We watched the guy shucking the oysters, and he was being completely careless. Literally all 24 oysters that we had were dirty and with chipped shells, so we sent them back, as they couldn't be eaten.
We then ordered a shrimp po boy and chicken wings.  Not sure which it was, but both of us were up all night throwing up. Not surprising that a place with flies in the food and dead cockroaches laying around that we got food poisoning.
Yes, cockroaches. Before we left, my girlfriend went to use the ladies room.  She came back out disgusted because there were dead cockroaches in the restroom. 
Overall, absolutely poor experiences both times we went in. There are PLENTY of other places in the neighborhood that have friendly service, good food, and no cockroaches. We won't be back.I stumbled upon this restaurant on yelp while looking for something near our hotel. The reviews were pretty good and the fact that they have 25 cent oysters from 4-8 for happy hour everyday didn't hurt. The only drink specials they have are $2 wells but the oyster special is insane! A dozen chargrilled oysters for $7.50 is awesome and a dozen of raw are $3. I ate 2 dozen chargrilled and they were so good! Slightly understaffed so the service was a little slow but other than that it's a good local placeoysters r good, service is attentive, drink pours r very very weak. get a beer and ur probly good!!!Honestly, the oysters were absolutely out of this world. And the food wasn't even the best part. Casey and Mikey  - the two adorable male bartenders in the front are the life of the party. It might be a wait for things but it's well worth it.Highly recommend by the concierge lady where I stayed a couple of blocks away. Happy hour from 4-8 was awesome.  # $3.00 for a dozen raw oyster  and $8.00 for  a dozen Chargrill oyster was delish... #jimmy the bartender  was sooo awesome!..friendly and great service!  Would definitely come back next time I visit Nola though this is my 2nd time in 4 days!Went in for lunch on a Saturday and had the worst restaurant experience in my life. Orders were forgotten and the ones that did come out were incorrect. Jell-O shots were literally soap tasting. Oyster po boys were under cooked. All other sandwiches tasted of dirt.I was recently here on 11/1 and the customer service was sub par. It was about 4:00 so not crowded to not be acknowledged within 5 minutes. I found this place on Yelp for the good reviews on Happy Hour specials which were nicely priced. The catch is purchasing an alcoholic drink ($4-10). I must admit I've had better chargrilled oysters in NOLA but for $10 a dozen, can't beat it. We ordered two dozen.  For the second order, I requested for the oysters to be more charred and well done; didn't happen and cheese wasn't melted on either order.
Good location in Garden District right on the St. Charles Trolley stop. 
This place can be 5 stars if there was more attentive, personable staff, non wobbly patio tables and better TLC chargrilled oysters.Excellent sandwich, great environment that relax. Fried green tomatoes were mouth watering delicious.We wasted our last night in NOLA here. It looked so cool but we should've turned around when we walked in and it smelled horrible! The food was mediocre and the service was worse. Don't waste your time.Absolutely TERRIBLE service... after being told that there would be a 20 minute wait we were finally seated at a tiny table in the corner or the doorway by the bar where we were completely ignored for about another 20 minutes. Tons of workers passed repeatedly without any acknowledgement at all. My boyfriend stopped one of the guy employees and asked for service, he then told us that he would get someone to help us, but no one ever came. On the other hand that guy employee passed us over and over again never updating us on the server. Growing impatient i flagged down a female worker and asked about how long does it usually take to be helped after being seated and who's section was it that we were seated in. She told me that she had no idea. Then i asked who could i speak with that would have the answers to the questions SHE clearly couldn't answer. All while she's  trying to avoid me, rushing  off and trying to walk away. My boyfriend then said to forget about it and we proceeded to leave.The waiter who helped us was super nice. The food was decent...this was all until I went to the ladies room where I found a big roach on it's back in front of a stall trying desperately to turn over. Another person in the bathroom heard me freak out she said "yeah look up in the lights". Looked up saw about two more scurrying around. Made me feel rally uneasy. Wished I checked the bathroom before the meal, would have gone elsewhere.This is a review of the bar only.
After a long night out, I ended up here. I was in the mood for a place where I wouldn't be bothered and could have a few beers and relax. This bar worked perfectly.
The bar was fairly large with plenty of seating. The beer choices were very good, with several craft brews I had never heard of. I will have to return and taste my way through their beer menu when I have more time. Service was friendly and fairly quick.
I really liked the atmosphere of this place. The night I went was cool and breezy so all of the doors were open. Even though I knew I was on St. Charles Avenue, I felt like i was on vacation somewhere near the beach.
I will definitely be back to try the food, and work my way through their beer menu.Took 2 hours to get all of our food. Group of 10 people - two plates came out at a time over one hour. They said the kitchen was understaffed, but then the owner sat down and chatted while only half of us had our food. Neither the waitstaff nor owner seemed to care about the wait or the awful service. Terrible experience - stay away.Truffle fries and a hot toddy on this wet and cold day hit the spot!
Oysters were plentiful... Raw or blackened.... I'm not an oyster girl but my compadres are.... They loved them!
Bloody Mary's were very good too!DO NOT GO. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE.  If I can give this restaurant ZERO stars, I would...  
We arrived after a big basketball game.  So the restaurant was half empty.  A host/waiter came up and said there is a 15 - 20 minute wait due to the fact he wanted to stagger tables so the kitchen does not get slammed with orders all at once.  Being from the food service business, this is acceptable.  We placed our name on the wait list.  During this time, a cook, who was boiling crawdads, said a party on the wait list left do to the long wait.  WARNING.  25 minutes later we were escorted to our table.  
Once seated, no restaurant employee acknowledge us for 20 minutes.  I finally walked up to the bar personally and bought beers for my girlfriend and myself.   5 minutes after I got my beer, a waiter finally came up to the table asked if we had our order taken and apologized.  We ordered truffle French fries and Atchafalaya (seafood) pizza.  
In the meantime, a table of locals sat themselves next to us.  The same waiter came up to them in a short period of time (5 - 10 minutes) and took their order.  In about 10 - 15 minutes, they received their full order of truffle French fries, oysters and crawdad boil.  We waited another 10 minutes for our fries!!!  The same fries.  When we received our food, the fries were good and the pizza was burnt black.  The waiter said I ordered another pizza.  But just eat what you can.  20 minutes later our second pizza came.  The pizza was "over" toasted.  Although the pizza was not as burnt, it was almost inedible.  The waiter came by again and apologized.  He wanted to make peace and brought my girlfriend a free beer.
All in all the experience was a wasted 2.5 hours.  I am assuming the owner was a mid-50's white guy with a clean chef's jacket ordering staff and walking around talking to guest.  It's alright to talk to the guest.  But he also has to manage the staff.  Moreover, he should hire a front of house manager and hostess.  
Clearly, there is no one managing the front of house.  The host is one of the waiters trying to serve tables and manage the guest list. A busboy would walk around aimlessly.  He could have brought water.  Or warn the waiter that a table is not being served.  
This restaurant is clearly a candidate for an episode for "Restaurant Takeover", Gordon Ramsey's "Kitchen Nightmare" or should really go out of business.  Do NOT waste your time and money at this restaurant.  There are too many other restaurants that New Orleans has to offer.  DO NOT go.I went for happy hour for the oysters Friday evening. 25 cents each. I eat allot of oysters. Double shot drinks. Donna was our waitress. They were very busy and there did not seem to be more than 2 or 3 wait staff. That being said Donna showed up at our table quite frequently asking if we needed anything. Not too frequently to be aggravating. I knew if we needed anything She would be there soon to get it for us. The oysters and food was excellent. My Granddaughter had the chicken tenders and I was impressed how good they were. The fried eggplant sticks were to die for. They have a really cool menu. We sat on the balcony and it was cold outside but the outdoor heaters were more than enough to keep us warm. I will be back very often to this place. Thanks Y'all for a great night out with the Family!We went for drinks and dinner.  It was a busy night and the wait staff were honest about the wait.  We enjoyed a great conversation with the owner Steve and Dexter let us try a sample of the country boil while we were waiting for a table.  Food was great and they played the best music.  We had a great night and plan to go back before we leave town.SO GOOD! Great oysters, great drink selection. You cannot beat this place. Especially their happy hour!We walked about 7 miles to come eat oysters only to be informed the kitchen was backed up and would be about an hour and half wait. The hostess said they were not waiting on tables just waiting on the kitchen. She said we could sit outside or at the bar while we waited, we went and sat at a table outside and she rudely came up to us and told us we could not sit there after she just told us we could sit outside. She was the rudest hostess we have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. She cost the business 5 dinners tonight and in the future. We will not return to this establishment. She is not good for your business.Never expected to find anything this good in New Orleans!  We've had big oysters from the Gulf before, and we've had $4 a doz oysters, but we've never had the largest oysters we've ever seen and for only $3 a dozen!!!  We had them both ways, raw and char-grilled.  Both were outstanding (the char-grilled cost somewhat more).  Service from the kitchen was a bit slow, so don't expect "fast food."  Service from the wait staff was attentive, something we experienced from three different servers the three consecutive evenings we were there.  Also, you gotta try the Fish Tacos and the Alligator Sausage, both excellent.  Couldn't believe my taste buds.