Great bar food, the Cuban is the sh@t.  Awesome Saturday bartender!!  All in all, a great experience.We visited at lunch time with our 17 year old son who insisted on the crocodile balls. Now I insist on the crocodile balls. I'm sure the bar scene is great, but back to that 17 year old son. We didn't get to visit in the evening. We did go back twice in two days though for more crocodile balls. Have I said that enough? CB from now on. Order them.Good sized small venue. Maybe hold about 500-700. Toilets are pretty rough so be careful what you have for dinner before a show. Bar was not overpriced and the drinks were generous.Didn't make it to the main venue, but had lunch at the Den while in town for a conference at the convention center. Good food, huge selection of beer, and the most awesome bartender in NOLA!Kinda a dive bar but could have been cool.  We found the girl bartender to be pretentious and rude.  All she seemed to care about is rushing through our order so she could go back and talk to her friends and giving smart ass answers every time you asked her a question.I had lunch here today. I ordered the fish tacos and it took about 30 minutes to get them. It was not very busy, I think the chef was cooking one item at a time. When I did get them there was not very much fish in the taco.  Too bad, cool vibe, but the service is lacking almost as much as the quality of food. I did like the fresh tortilla chips!Nicole is so hot right now and she mad an amazing shot called "The Bridget" which is named after me and it was so delicious and we loved everything.Perfect local experience. This is the kind of corner bar that everyone should wander into in every place she visits.Tried the howling wolf because it was close to our hotel and took a chance. The food was typical bar fare, with a Louisiana twist. I had the jambalaya and the gator balls. Wasn't super impressed with either. The jambalaya was cold and some bites had hard rice. The gator balls had a good favor but the texture was a little off putting. The beer selection was great and it seemed like a perfect place to come by and have a drink after a conference meeting. Just maybe not for food.Love this bar! Great food, drinks, and live music. Jess and Nicole rock it outvas bartenders. Great locals hangout.Seriously! Came here with tickets to see a show at 6, The bands are in 2 places! No signs and could have seen 2 for free in the street! Very misleading!!This review is solely for the bar and "restaurant" aspects of Howlin' Wolf.
We were very pleased with this place. We were staying at a hotel near the convention center, and we twice wanted food and a drink at 1 or 2 in the morning without the drunken bar scene. Surprisingly enough, Howlin' Wolf was able to supply us with this on a Thursday and a Saturday, as the music venue component seems to be offset from the open air kitchen and bar set up.
We easily got seats at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and fast with her service. The chef cooked up (well, fried up for the most part) our orders extremely quickly and soon enough we were munching on some unhealthy eats.
The fries were awesome. I've had them with cheese and then with cheese and bacon, and each time they were LOADED with the respective toppings. I was a big fan of the baconed version because they didn't use bacon bits or inappropriately sized slices of the meat. Instead, there was chopped up and shredded bits of greasy bacon permeating the entire dish. It seemed like the cheese and fries were also soaked in grease, but that might be a bit hopeful.
The fried pickles were also phenomenal. It was my first time partaking in such an interesting dish, so maybe I don't have the most refined fried pickles palette, but they were THE BOMB. Slather 'em in ranch and enjoy.
Finally, the beer list was impressive considering the dive-y nature of the place. Lots of Abita on tap, as well as other local/regional beers, and the bartender let me sample a few things before I made a decision. There's also a few bottles available.I went with my wife to check out the free comedy show. We had a great time. The show was very entertaining and we especially liked the host, Red Bean. Nice guy. Funny, too. We would definitely consider returning, whenever we go back to New Orleans.I first ate here, actually, several years ago while attending an American College of Physicians (ACP) conference while in med school and me and several friends were very impressed with the "hole-in-the-wallness" of this place and I'm pleased to see upon returning that it really hasn't changed that much.  Same location.  Doors opened so that the delicious smells from the kitchen can quickly grab your attention and draw you gingerly in to partake of all the goodness they have to offer.  
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and really, really, REALLY wanted the Jambalaya but they happened to be all out, so I had to settle for the fries instead.  They are known for their Bacon Cheddar Beignets, but I didn't get a chance to sample those.  I will tell you that everything I ate was so delicious.  They are close to Morial Conference Center and there is some on-the-street parking available.  You can even dine outside and enjoy the sites and sounds that this district of N'awlins has to offer.  
Thanks for a terrific late afternoon lunch.  Visiting this restaurant again brought back found memories of my med school days with classmates who are now lifelong friends and colleagues.  Bravo!We were so much looking forward to seeing the Rebirth Jazz Band. Sadly, the band did not start until 12:30 am. By this time, many people had gotten fed up and left. 
We arrived at 9 pm to get a few chairs. However the tables and chairs were taken. Standing room only. Which would be ok if the band started when advertised at 10 pm.  
The sound guy was a complete knob. When the band finally took stage, after just one song, they were frustrated because their receivers were not working. This lead to another 15-minute delay before they played again.
Ok so it is now nearly 1 am. The crowd is pissed and starts leaving. I felt bad for the band who commented that we were leaving. Seriously though, 1 am and 4 songs. This is total crap.Walking down the street lioking for a place to eat, saw an empty seat and had one of the better cubam sandwiches i have had in a while. Meaty, hot and almost too much to eat... the Irish Channel Stout was the icing on the cake for this  quick afternoon stop. I give a pass to the newer bartender, we all need to start somehwere. Worth the $20 bill I spent.Recently hosted a client reception here and I can't say enough good things about the management and staff! From start to finish, planning to execution, they were beyond helpful and friendly. Our guests had a great time and that team made my job so much easier!This is a spacious place for watching live music and other NOLA events (I also usually end up here for MOM's Halloween Ball most years).  The bar has developed a clever system of using number cards that you have to show when you run a tab as it can get very loud when music is playing so that makes it easier to get your order in.  I've always had great service and the crowd has always been interesting.  They have adequate bathroom faculties for men but I've seen some shorter lines form outside the women's before.  They are usually very good about stamping you and letting you go in and out as you please.  The have a "set" behind the stage that has several "houses" giving it the look of a New Orleans neighborhood so that gives it a unique NOLA spin.  As with many things in the area it can be challenging to find parking at times so plan accordingly.Great selection of beer,great food, great entertainment and awesome service! You have to stop by to see the most beautiful girls in NOLA Nicole and Julie. They will take real good care of ya.Walked a couple blocks looking for options to get away from the convention center cafeteria food. The area is a little scary and the outside of this place is a little run down but don't worry. Once you walk in, you'll find a nice little pub style place with indoor and outdoor seating, a great beer menu, full bar if you want and some great comfort food. Had the Cuban and it was awesome. Decent pricing too.   Took a while to make 2 sandwiches but the great beer made up for it.This place was gross. Stopped in for lunch last week. There was a swarm of black flies in the bathroom that I had to constantly blow away from my face. Then while we were waiting for our food, a mouse ran along the front of the bar. Needless to say we left as soon as we could.On any given night in NOLA, there is so much music going on that you may overlook checking what's on the schedule here but rest assured, this is a great venue and worthy of your time. It's easy to walk here from the FQ or CBD and there are quite a few bars/restaurants on the way so make an adventure of it. The sound is great and their staff are pretty cool.  Definitely have Howlin' Wolf on your radar when in NOLA.
Pro tip: they have an ATM but it doesn't always work so if you want to use cash, grab some before you get here.I visited the restaurant during a conference on a lunch break. The food was not good. It wasn't properly seasoned and tasted bland. The wait to order was short but I had to wait about 25 minutes for three chicken tacos. The meal came with tortilla chips which were very stale. The cooks wore no gloves and were constantly wiping their foreheads that were filled with sweat then touching the food. Gross! I'm giving this restaurant one star only because the decor was cute for a bar. It also seems like they have something going on every day of the week. The staff was friendly.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant and definitely wouldn't bring children here.Came here Thanksgiving night to see Kermit Ruffins and Papa Grows Funk. Interior is nothing special, but just fine. It's a big open room with a very few tables and bar stools (if you want one, go EARLY), a bar at the back and a stage at the front. To me, this is fine, you're here for the music, not the atmosphere. I guess another few chairs would be nice, but I get that they're packing in the people for a concert, so no huge complaints here.
The music venue bar's beer prices were just fine, but the selection was on the lacking side. Sometimes you just want a step up from Miller Lite and PBR. What I did like, though, was that we were free to go back and forth between the music club and the little dive bar Howlin' Wolf owns next door, which had a fantastic beer selection. Lots on tap, even more bottles, and small bites served late into the night. There were some tables outside, which were fun for hanging at and watching people arrive for the concert. 
Each time bands switched or took a break, we headed over here, chatted with the other bar patrons, and then we headed back into the club when the music started up again. Kind of a nice setup. Plus, you get two distinct atmospheres for the price of one!
Side note: I wasn't as sketched out by the bathrooms as I expected to be after reading Christy L.'s review. No, they weren't the nicest, but they floors were clean and the doors on the stalls locked. I didn't think it was a huge deal.
I had fun here and would come back if there was another fun band playing.when calling to ask about calendar of events, girl on the phone was completely rude and unhelpful. she sounded drunk and came of lazy.... i now assume thats how all the employees will be and do not want to experience such people.Went with my nephew D stopped by because it was close to the hotel. Lucky us, they were having a comedy show in the back. We'll the show has about 7 comedians who were early in their comedy careers and not very funny. Although the bald guy with the hairy beard was knock down funny! We had a great time anyway, good selection of IPA beers.
Had food at the bar that was much better than expected. Service was adequate.Came to NOLA for a conference and stumbled in to the Howling Wolf. Friendly Staff (ask for Erica...she's the best) with an excellent selection of craft beers. This is definitely a place that I will visit again. The Howling Wolf has subdued lighting and an overall laid back jazy New Orleans feeling. A must visit.Great little bar and grill close to convention center. Limited seating. Limited A/C but you easily get acclimated to the natural outdoor feeling. Coach got adventurous and had the GATOR sausage. JoMo had the chicken philly and I had a homemade hamburger that looked like a true hand made seasoned patty. Slaw comes with each sandwich. HOT and SPICY with a vinegar kick. Would totally recommend this place. 
PROS: Great food. Great servers. Watch the cook make his magical dishes. Yum factor 8. 
CONS: Limited seating. Can be steamy because more of an open air establishment.This is a divey bar that is not very far at all from the convention center.  We went there to have a mid afternoon lunch, and the pulled pork sandwich was excellent.  Was quiet and so fairly fast service.  A small amount of outdoor seating.  Good beer choices.I've been to the Howlin' Wolf many times, in both the old location and the current one,  to see bands. The current location is bigger but lacks the second floor I liked in the old one, but it is a much better place to see a show.
Most recently I went there for the afterparty of a parade. Later that night Rebirth Brass Band was scheduled to play a free show, but until then we had the place. After marching in a parade in the rain the first thing I did was hit up the Den. The Den is Howlin' Wolf's little side bar/restaurant and serves some amazing cheese fries. Seriously, it's almost like a cheese gravy and man that hits the spot.
Inside it's spacious with a large bar along the back wall. Even though we had a couple hundred people we didn't really feel crowded during our party. The bartenders were quick with service and brought our drinks with a smile. 
Ultimately we left at the end of the party because there was a GIANT line at the door to see Rebirth and the place became jam packed. For those reviews that complain about waiting outside (to Rebirth in some reviews), what the hell did you expect? You tried to get into a free show for a hugely popular band. It's not like you had tickets ahead of time.The drinks are ok,, food is awful.  Two out of the three of us got sick after eating lunch.I'm from out of town and Jess was super friendly and welcoming, it really made me feel at home even though I pronounced everything wrong lmao she was helpful and knowledgeable with all local beers and recommended second line desire (Saison) it was delicious! I can't wait to go back and see what else she has to offer.Only reason I gave this place four stars was because of the cook , he was awesome but the bartender seemed like she didn't want to be here . The three little pigs was soooo good . Must have if ur hereThis review is for this place during the lunch hour.  The food was okay, but nothing special.  I got meat pies.  The staff was not that friendly, and not that organized.  I couldn't figure out where to order, and it took a long time just to place my lunch order.  She initially questioned why I wanted 3 meat pies crawfish and 2 beef, but eventually another staff person said it was okay.  However, it came out 5 crawfish.  We sat outside, and had to keep checking if our food was up, since we couldn't understand the cook barking out names of food that was ready.
A customer spilled his beer, and some of it splashed on my dress shoes and slacks.  No one helped me clean up (customers nor staff).  The customer didn't offer to buy me a drink either, which I think is the typical etiquette when you spill a drink on someone else.  I wouldn't have accepted, but it would have been nice to have been offered, and even nicer if he had insisted.I went in for their "Fest By Night" event during Jazz fest.  Tickets were sold out but I found a way to circumvent security (Don't ask).  
The place is huge.  I didn't get to check out the rear rooms but the main room was thumping with sound & bass.  I imagine that certain acts make the ground SHAKE in there.  I loved how they had a screen up showing live-tweets from people in the crowd.  That became hilarious, real fast.  
Things to know before you go: 
1) If tickets are available the night you want to go, order them ASAP!  The line to purchase tickets at the door was crazy and ran down the whole block.  Hence my 007 escapades.  
2) The bar gets crowded really fast so if you can have one agent in your unit secure one of the few-and-far-between tables (with accompanying stools, maybe), while the others grab a few bottles/cans of drinks.I've read some terrible reviews on this place, but my experience wasn't tooo too shabby. The show we saw was 18 and up so there were some reeeally annoying young'ns there getting wasted pushing people around. The bartender thought he was god's gift to the world for some reason which sucked but as far as venues for live music goes, their stage and sound really saved this place for me. The stage is actually quite cool, there are several house fronts lining the room with mock portches and things, and there are lots of pretty lights. And the sound was great, whoever was on the mixing board that night was on point. I'm sure experiences vary depending on who you see here because that effects the type of crowd that's pulled etc, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back if there was a band I liked playing. Tickets weren't overpriced either.
The den next door is a cool little joint that's connected to Howlin wolf and I found the bartenders here were much nicer and they even have some decent pub food.I have been to this bar on two different occasions, prior to cruises. It is located right next to port and my hotel, so this always ends up our last stop of the night before preparing to get on the cruise ship in the morning. It is definitely a dive bar, but it's just what you need if you aren't really trying to go for a big night out. They have hot fryers ready to give you some much needed sustenance, perhaps if you've already been partaking in a few alcoholic libations, and has a connecting room where there is often live music. They are open late night, have a limited, but still full, bar, and a good beer selection. It does not put on any heirs, and the bartender may not be nice to you, but who cares, it's a dive bar. Enjoy.I think we can all agree that one of the best things about going to any live local show in the NOLA is the crowd watching...crowds of people moving to the beat...or moving to the one in their head (what an you hear that I can't?!?).
But I digress...I'm reviewing the venue, not the crowd.
Huge space, ideally so we don't get packed in beyond movement like at Tip's (no offense), and the fans are on top speed so we don't pass out from the heat/sweat frenzy & the smoke isn't that noticeable.
The best part truly was the extra long bar with LOTS of bartenders!  It was so easy to get a drink...again, no offense to Tip's but it's darn near impossible to get a refreshment during a show.  So this was a big plus for me.
Bottom line, great for live music, any kind.  It could use a few more seating options but if you're there to dance & groove, who cares?!?
Go, enjoy, dance.This review is 5yrs in the making! I LOVE this place! The people! The food! The drinks! The music! This place is awesome!
Ok, ok, I've calmed down & now will actually provide details of this awesomeness lol it all started back in 2012, it was February & I was looking to get tipsy as I had just reported for temporary duty supporting the Deepwater Horizon oil spill response with the Coast Guard. The per diem was sufficient to get me where I wanted to go, but I wanted a chill night, so I took a patrons advice from one of the many other venues in the Warehouse District that I would be imbibing at during the course of the coming months. The staff I routinely had the pleasure of seeing was Brittany & Jenna & they were good at keeping my drinks cold & refreshed. Decent selection of beers on tap as well as a nice selection of the hard stuff. 
The food always took me by surprise, I liked how it was just this little grill of to the side of the entrance & not a major kitchen. There were so many nights where that little grill saved my morning from feeling miserable hahaha 
Is it the Hot 8 Brass Band that won a Grammy? I'm pretty sure that was their name, well they were performing a free show & boy was the music hoppin! The energy was great & the crowd was joyous! This was on the smaller stage off to the side of the bar, not at the larger venue next door, so it was a very intimate show. Although that reminds me about the free 25th anniversary show that the Reverend Horton Heat put on, also impressive how these old rockabilly dudes could still put on one heckuva performance! The rendition of Jezebel was just unbelievable, I left that night with a newfound love of rockabilly...
Lastly, my first night here, I remember shutting down the bar with the staff & heading to another spot to chill. Friendly people, made those 75 days on TDY fly right by! Writing this review just makes me want to visit NoLa real soon!Intimate space allows chance to get very cose to musicians.  That said The Den has a serious lack of seating.  The Hot 8 Brass Band were high spirited.  The fish and chicken tacos were very tasty on Taco Tuesday.  Drinks were very affordable.Great music venue! I absolutely loved it. I don't know how prices run b/c we were there for a booze included event that night.
The bar side is just okay to me. My roommate is a beer enthusiast, and he says they have a lot of great beer on tap. But I drink maybe a handful of beers, and none often enough to care. It's small, so for events it gets obnoxiously crowded and difficult to get to the bar.Some reviews here are for the Den, which is the side bar which also serves food. I'm reviewing the main venue.
I want to rate the Howlin' Wolf higher, as it has to get good marks for the usually high-quality acts they book. They do some great free shows during Mardi Gras, and they have a long tradition of live music, which draws well. That said, the acoustics in the room itself aren't great, and the sound engineers often struggle with it. Add on the fact that it's a pretty dirty place with worse bathrooms than a fraternity basement, and I can't go above 3 stars.We were greeted by friendly grill cook who welcomed us and our scooters, unlike the Diamond Grill.  The pork sandwich and the Cuban were both excellent. Full of flavor, lots of meat and served really fresh and hot. Thanks for the great yet simple meal.Wow, holy disappointed for my first (and last) trip to this place!  I was also standing for a really long time waiting for Rebirth Brass on Turkey Day.  We were in town for our first visit from ATL and finally gave up at 12:30am.  Wish I had read the earlier review of the same experience, and I probably wouldn't have wasted my money on this show.  Did you know they only have ~10 barstools in the building??
The opening act, Kermit Ruffins, can play really well...but how long can you listen to cover songs???  Another patron said it perfectly at 11:30, "I'm bored."
By the way, I told a friend the next day about this terrible experience.  Her response "that's exactly what happened to me for another show at the Howlin Wolf."  This might be how things work at this bar, but at least be upfront about it so people can decide if it's for them or not.Ce lieu est composé de deux parties; d'un coté une "vrai" grande salle de concerts (que je n'ai pas essayée) et de l'autre un bar avec un petite salle dans le fond.
Le bar est vraiment sympa, bonne sélection de bières locales et atmosphère très relax.
Mon conseil est de venir un dimanche pour y voir le Hot 8 Brass Band mettre une ambiance du feu de dieu! Groupe vraiment éclectique dans sa composition; en tant qu'européen, à voir leur dégaine, je les aurais plutôt imaginer faire du Hip Hop bien gras. Mais pas du tout, ces gars savent vraiment comment manier les cuivres et faire mover votre body. Le début du concert est annoncé à 22.00 mais ne commencera sans doute pas avec 22h30/23h, ici on prend son temps. 
Ils font aussi des tacos à petit prix mais je ne les ai pas gouté.Looking for something different? This is the place! With a comedy show and live music playing in the back rooms behind the bar this is a one stop entertainment shop! Fun music and a 90's punk vibe this is a place to stop in for stories and good times! Friendly patrons and staff, all around good time.Bought tickets to a show and now that Howling Wolf has my email, they have continued to barrage me with solicitation emails. I have unsubscribed numerous times to no avail - the spam keeps coming. I have flagged their emails as spam - and you guessed it, the spam keeps coming. I will never frequent an establishment that does not respect my unsubscribe requests. Note - if you buy tickets here, you will likely be forever be caught in a spam loop.I like the venue, low key bar and burger vibe with rustic atmosphere.  I came for lunch during a conference break.  Waited an hour for 2 tacos while the one cook took his time SLOWLY turning out orders. A second cook showed up at 2 pm, too little, too late.  The chicken tacos were OKWe stopped in for lunch while in town for a conference. It took well over an hour to get our food.  The staff was clearly overwhelmed and not very courteous.  To be fair, they were apologetic for the wait.  The food was adequate.  Loved the fried pickles.  If you want to give it a try, just ask how long it will take for the food to come out.Out here for work and this place is across the street. Stopped here a few times. Food is usual dive bar food. Some of the bartenders, Brooke, Jessica & one other that I didn't get her name were friendly. Ashley is a horrible bartender. Seems to be one of those who hate working in a bar but do it anyway. Acts like you're bothering her when you ask for a beer. If it wasn't for her I might have bumped this up a star. The place was pretty dirty. But That seems to be the norm around here. Walked into the bathroom to find a nice floater left for me in there. There are to many other options around here to bother with this place.This is a pretty okay venue all in all.  It's not my favorite, nor my most hated, so wouldn't you know it, it's "A-OK!"
I've seen quite a few musical artists here.  Can't really recount them all, but different genres of music, different types of crowds.  It's a large-ish space (but you know, not humongous).  It's never swelled to near capacity the times I've been here, so I've been comfortable standing and slightly swaying.  There's pretty much no seating (probably a few in the corners, don't remember) so wear your comfy shoes!
The acoustics aren't the greatest, but throw back a few drinks, you won't care anyway.  From what I recall the bartenders are rather efficient (especially compared to the ones at Tip's, ahem) and drinks are competent.  
I believe a couple of the times we were here, there were random vendors shilling jewelry and other such trinkets not associated with the musical acts - which is kind of neato.  
A good venue, for good music.Nice, small, and cozy place.  Decently priced food and drinks. Quick service.The pulled pork tacos are a necessity of life. You can cash me loading up on tacos and fried pickles late late late in the Den.Rude staff. Bad food. They put BBQ on everything. Even things that should not have BBQ on it. They also do not give a shit about what you order. Order a burger they may or may not give you a burger they might just give something random off the menu. Also the sign outside is a lie. They write whatever they want to get you in and when you ask about it they claim they did not know the sign said that. They have physically move the sign in every day and night. Yet somehow they never know what is on it.Great place for live music on a large and smaller scale. Unlike any other venue in the city. A great place to go for that true New Orleans feel.  Hot 8 Brass Band kills it on Sundays!  Fantastic beer selection, friendly bar staff. Love The Wolf!This is a huge space that, I learned today, is perfect for all kinds of events, beyond your traditional rock/hip-hop/brass band show. The New Orleans Brunch Experiment was here on Sunday afternoon. Rather than a crowd watching bands on the stage, they had booths in a semi-circle around the perimeter of the floor (serving delicious and elaborate brunchy concoctions), a voting box in the middle (where the sound board thing is), and they used the stage for a judges table, awards ceremony, and... that's about it. 
The only thing about having a daytime event here was that it was SO freaking dark inside. At first I thought it was just my eyes trying to adjust to the difference between a bright, sunny Spring afternoon and the black, windowless, lit-with-approximately-one-15-watt-lightbulb-in-a-corner interior of the Wolf. But alas, no. It wasn't just a difference in indoor/outdoor light causing temporary blindness. It really was way too dark in there. Oh well - over all, it really wasn't a big deal. 
I've seen all kinds of stuff at Howlin' Wolf, in addition to today's super fun event. All of the other "stuff" has been music related, including Jay Electronica, Soul Rebels, Benjy Davis Project, my ex-boyfriend's posse of hobbyist DJs who once threw a too-small-for-the-giant-venue party here, plus some other stuff that I'm forgetting (and at least one that I'm intentionally blocking out.) It's no Tipitina's, for sure, and much less classy/douch-ey than, say, Republic, but a solid event venue nonetheless. 
Bottom line: If someone amazing is playing at Howlin' Wolf, go. 
The bartenders aren't always overly solicitous, and I once sacrificed my ID and credit card to the bar gods, who I assume must have accepted the offering since I never saw either one of them again. As it turns out, no one answers the phone, nor responds to DMs or @replies to Howlin' Wolf on Twitter, and EVERY F*CKING TIME I tried to stop by to retrieve my forgotten ID and credit card, they were closed. Quite annoying. But it was a while ago, so I'm over it. Moral of the story: don't leave your shit here overnight, because you're liable to lose it permanently. Lessons learned the hard way... I no longer open tabs here. Or at any of the other bars I historically forget my card. But I digress. 
Yeah. Howlin' Wolf. Woo!Last year in September, I was invited to a concert at Howlin' Wolf on a first date.  The event was with someone I had known for some time but we never decided to take a leap into the dating realm together.  When I had first met her over a year ago, her body was of excellent conditioning and her attire absolutely flawless.  This time however, and forgive me to stating this so forwardly, she had let herself fall into a state of despair without relief that rivaled the Ninth Ward during Hurricane Katrina.  What the hell happened?!  She looked like a fullback for the Green Bay Packers squeezed into a tiny pair of pumps!  Her hair was frizzy and wild like she'd been jabbing hot electrical outlets with a fork and was wearing an extremely tight floral dress that accentuated her new girth and wrapped her up like an ancient Egyptian mummy.  There wasn't enough bourbon in Kentucky that was going to minimize that eyesore but I made the best of it and accompanied her to the event.
Since the venue had not yet opened to the public and a large line had formed outside, we grabbed a drink at the nearby bar.  Now, I am definitely someone who can hold their alcohol but this warrior of a woman was something else altogether.  I think she cut through her drink in about three swigs.  I sat on my barstool watching her guzzle booze in amazement like a child at a circus watching death-defying acts, thinking to myself "it's not possible!  No way!  The human body cannot do that!"  The way she was knocking them back, it was like throwing drinks down a well!  Thank the good Lord that shortly after we sat down, the venue opened their doors and we were allowed inside.
As we entered, my date grabbed my hand and made a mad dash to the bar for more drinks.  While she was pulling me along, I felt my hand within hers and it was horrifying, to say the least.  It felt like I was holding a large ham.  I don't mind public displays of affection but when a girl feels like she's got the strength to kill an angry lion with her bare hands, it's a bit abrasive on one's nerves.  Drink after drink she continued to pave her way through, leaving nothing behind, not even the ice, which she continued to chew so loudly, her face sounded like a rock polisher.  I was excited once the music began so that my attention could be turned toward something else instead of my Viking date.  Seriously, I was surprised she wasn't drinking out of a horn!
I wish I could say that the musician was good but alas, the performance fell faster than Herman Cain's bid for the presidency.  To top it off, I found myself surrounded within a haze of bong smoke.  I kid you not, some young college students had brought an actual bong to the concert and were passing it through the crowd like a pizza at a Super Bowl party.  Struggling to watch the hippy on stage moan and howl about how the world lacks tree huggers and drum circles, my date decided to make her move.  I suddenly felt her arm snaking around my upper back.  At first, I said nothing and remained motionless, which is the correct procedure when one encounters a dangerous creature.  She proceeded to move her hand down towards my lower back and attempted to move inside my shirt.  I immediately began ducking and dodging like a prize fighter but eventually, she caught me, flung her arms around the back of my head and hung onto my neck.  Trying to support her while staying upright made me feel like I was competing in a World's Strongest Man competition.  I had to come up with an excuse to escape.  I explained to her that I needed to use the restroom and I shot away from the scene as if I had been ejected from a cannon.
Inside the venue's bathroom was a grisly scene!   There were drunk college students stumbling to and fro; one guy apparently passed out while standing against a urinal.  I made a dash for an empty stall and once inside, realized quickly why it was empty.  The toilet bowl was filled to the brim with feces, which seeped over the edges like French onion soup.  Also, the stall's door had no working lock and appeared as if someone had chewed it off from the inside.  Apparently, the water board had turned off the city's water supply earlier in the evening for fear of contamination from a previous event, which caused none of the venue's toilets to flush.  I struggled to relieve myself as drunks continually stumbled into the door behind me, which I held steadfastly closed with my one free hand.  Toilets had overflowed to my left and right which caused me to dance in place like Fred Astaire to avoid ruining my shoes.  
When I finally exited the bathroom, my date grabbed me again, pulled me close to her and proceeded to attempt reaching into the front of my pants to throttle me, as if she were a Formula 1 racer, rapidly working her stick shift through the gearbox!  
It was one of the worst venues I had ever attended and quite possibly the worst date I have ever experienced.Cool spot for local events. Drink prices are fairly cheap and even cheaper if you stick to wells. Food in the Den on the backside of it is average. Den is pretty small but the main area is huge but fills up very fast for all events.Good beer selection, with a descent amount of drafts and more available in bottles or cans. This is your stereotypical hole-in-the-wall, being small, hot and dark. Disappointed there wasn't any music the night I was here.The Howlin Wolf is a cool venue to see a show. Plus there is a separate bar called The Den for food and drinks.
I had been to this venue before it was the Howling Wolf (Praline connection maybe?). Like many things in New Orleans, time has not changed it much, if at all.
The venue is a large open room with a bar along the back wall. The stage is large and has two New Orleans type porches on the side. While they don't do much for a concert, they would probably add ambiance to a private event.
The staff were friendly and regardless of where we were, we had a good view of the stage. The bathrooms were pretty nasty, but they were acceptable.
The Den is a great place to get drinks or food prior to a show. While I didn't have food, I've been told it is very good. Drink prices were reasonable and their beer selection was better than other venues I've been to.
I like this venue and look forward to attending more events here.Me and my 2 friends went to see Jacquees, show suppose to start 10 pm. I left at 130 am and he never showed. There was an awful DJ playing.Great place to see a show! Excellent sound system, nice stage, and a decent alcohol selection. Just wished they had a better bourbon selection:). They get excellent acts and it's a big enough room so that you can walk around and not get too claustrophobic:)The free comedy shows on Tuesdays and Thursdays are a must-see for anyone in New Orleans over the summer! And the kitchen is open late with delivery so it's perfect for anyone staying downtown!Not prepared for the lunch crowd. Very long wait with only one cook (with a bad attitude). Food is just okay. Limited menu.
Don't come unless you have 45 min to wait for a sandwich.
They need to clean the dust of the ceilings as well.
This place is a sh!t show!This review covers the Den, not the main music venue. Decent little hole in the wall. Nearly all taps dedicated to local craft beers. Small but tasty menu. The jambalaya was excellent. Only ding I have is that on both visits the kitchen was out of certain items.I'm torn about the Howling Wolf...I remember it's origins out in Metairie and it's open mike nights. (WOOO Fat City!) And then it's second incarnation in the warehouse district. And now it's current location (which is really like 3 businesses in one), so I guess I feel it's a bit more fractured then it used to be.
There's the bar (ooh just checked the website... officially this is the Den) that serves food and is a great place to chill. There's the backroom where I've seen comedy and gone to random events. And there's the large music hall. 
I do really enjoy the bar and if I lived nearby, this might be my hangout. They serve food (always a plus) but the menu is pretty meaty. They do sell Mrs. Wheat's meat pies but only the crawfish and beef ones. The atmosphere is right and the drinks are well poured.
The backroom is intimate and mostly just a big empty space so that's cool. I seem to remember an anti room too. Clearly I was paying lots of attention when I went to my friend's comedy show here. 
Finally the big room...it's really big and the acoustics are pretty decent. There are some odd bits of decorations around the sidelines which are used when it's rented out as an event space I think. But they just add to the general chargm.Good bar food! Not pricey. They have a good selection of beer and a ton of local beer. Laid back atmosphere.The venue is fairly big and pretty cool. The drink prices randomly increase through out the night though. I'm pretty sure their Crown Royal isn't Crown Royal. Everyone was friendly otherwise, and the bar tenders knew what I wanted after a few trips to the bar.I love the Howlin Wolf.  They put on fantastic shows from Burlesque to brass bands and everything in between.  It's a great atmosphere and always a good time.  The staff is always nice and friendly and I always end up having a good time here.
The Howlin Wolf den is also located right next to the main Howlin Wolf.  In this dimly lit bar, you can get a drink before you check out your favorite show, you can order food, or you can even see one of the shows that play regularly in the back of the den.
The last time I was at the Den, I had a cuban sandwich with fried pickles.  It was so good!  Way better than your average bar food.
My recommendation would be to check this place out for the "must see" events that they have here, get some food at the den and have a good time.We usually went to the Den for the Open Mic on Tuesday.  I enjoyed the show a lot.  I usually order few drinks when I am there as well.  However, the bartender is a little too distanced and sometimes, seems rude.  It's almost like you are bothering her all the time by simply ordering drinks.  I get why she is like that because it's a pretty tough crowds there.  But I think I will just go drink somewhere else next time after going to the show....How to review such an iconic establishment? I've been to events here on two recent occasions: a burlesque show and a concert.
The nitty gritty:
-good sightlines
-good sound
-kick ass, fast and efficient bartenders (I've been to enough venues where they can't manage the crowds, or maybe they choose to be slow because the crowd is so anonymous to them).
-part of me wants to just live in those little houses that flock either side of the stage.
If you're "hungry like the wolf" (sorry, I had to go there), pop in next door for what smelled like good, greasy bar food (I did not indulge). It's also a good spot for a breather, as there are seats. The main venue doesn't have as much as a banquet. 
Side note: Doesn't "Howlin' Wolf" sound like something out of the gay animal kingdom?I've seen a couple shows at the Howlin Wolf and I'm not sure why exactly, but this place doesn't really do it for me.  
Yeah, drinks are expensive, but who cares... its a venue not a bar.
I just wish the space felt more like a show and less like a shed, or at least a cool shed, with cool places to sit and chill...This a hard one,great food had  jambalaya was great,friends had pulled pork and they loved it,ordered fried pickles they forgot them,took 15.min to get them ready,
So food was 4 stars.
Now the service they get 1 star,2 people working 1 cooking the other bartending and taking orders,both persons were not  nice,saw 2 parties of 4  ask the the guyba question and he said read the sign and not in i nice way,
Both parties walked out,not sure if i will come back,sad this place has potential.solid new orleans venue, always has something fun going on, great food, great beer selectionWent there during a convention. The line was outside the door. When I finally placed my order after waiting 20 minute had to wait an additional 45 minutes for my food to be ready.
The food was nothing to brag about, service was poor, atmosphere non-existent. The place is so filthy that I had pick up a soft drink elsewhere to cleanse my palette.
Never again!!The drinks here are decent.  They host a great open mic comedy show on Thursday nights. Mostly local amateur comedians... some of which are pretty funny.I was more than a little wary considering the look of the place, but don't let that deter you. 
We got back to our hotel close to midnight and I volunteered to walk over and get takeout rather than wait forever to get a pizza delivered. 
The cook and the bartender were initially indifferent to my presence, surprising since it wasn't that busy, but they turned out to be friendly. 
I ordered a Cuban, a pulled pork, and blackened fish tacos, the cook fired up the grill and it was all ready by the time I finished a beer. 
Everything was legitimately good, not just 'bar food' good.Stopped in for an Hurricane and Andy Gator Abita. We figured "when in Rome" we'd keep splurging on Hurricanes during our Mardi Gras trip when we could get them. Unfortunately, every joint served that cruddy Pat O'brien sugary mix punch. Not my girl at Howlin' Wolf, she mixed me Rum and several liqueurs with Pineapple, OJ and lime and it was smashing. They were busy, but she demanded I drink a real hurricane. It was for my wife, but I played along.  Then as we sat outside one of the Krewes was unloading from their staging area down St. Peters, and heading toward their start line. It was cool to see them before they even got started with the madness. Didn't get to see any music here, but some of our neighbors on the patio were raving about the brass bands, jazz and rock bands that would play the Wolf. We're excited to get back if we're ever around the Harrah's/Warehouse District area.Food was good, Gator balls were tender and amazing.  Little disappointed in the performance venue though. We were there 2 hours before the show started, quite literally the first ones there. Dozens of people went into the back room though they were told repeatedly not to. Ticket taker finally gave in and let about 20 people stay in. Several people still shoved their way in ahead of us and so we were at the back of the room. Not sure what, or if there is a fire capacity but the room was way too crowded. People spilled drinks all over the place, and the people around them. We left when the band took a break and noticed several other people doing the same as well. Not very organized.Good tap list... Local brew options. Had a pulled pork sandwich and the roll was very good. Cool divey spot. Would get a beer at night here for sure.