Sooo good. I had the ham,onion, & Swiss empanada! It's pretty big but I ate the whole thing. Will be back!Incredibly friendly and welcoming staff. Highly recommend tacos and Vietnamese coffee. Great neighborhood with good restaurants around. Definitely outside the touristy spots.Only open for 1 month in NO, but the group has multiple locations in Baton Rouge. Only 2 tables to eat in , but additional tables outside if weather cooperates. Great for take out. Went for eat in lunch and were lucky to get one of tables since it started to rain as we arrived. Food was excellent and the staff was friendly. The Vietnamese coffee freeze was excellent.Wow everything we ate here was delicious. Pulled pork sandwich and the shrimp and brisket tacos. Nice and casual with some outdoor seating. Great breakfast/lunch spot with reasonable prices.After a few years in South Texas, my wife and I moved back to New Orleans. We missed exactly three things about Texas: Vietnamese coffee, breakfast tacos and kolaches. 
And these folks are NAILING IT!! The bread is delicious, the fillings are a amazing. The salsa is so good. Puréed with just a hint of heat. If they bottled it I would buy it by the gallon. 
On our first visit I enjoyed an incredible bacon and egg breakfast taco, and today I had best brisket taco of all time. It fell apart into more of a taco salad, but who cares?! It was a revelation. 
We were given a complimentary BBQ shrimp empanada, and it changed me. My grandmother used to describe a taste so good it would make you want to slap your mother. I didn't know what that meant, but now I do. It was so good that I didn't feel right about eating it for free. I genuinely wanted to pay for it. 
Shut up and give them your money. Go. Go now.I stopped in at lunchtime on Saturday. It wasn't really clear if people were ordering or waiting around for food and no direction was given by the staff. We figured out that others were waiting on food, so approached a register. Which was the correct thing to do!
There wasn't much left in the case so I tried a couple of the sweet kolaches. My friend got a breakfast taco and a fruit kolache. They were completely out of savory kolaches, empadas, and rancheros. I was not that impressed with kolaches. Maybe it was a construction issue? Giant blob of fruit or cheese in the center of a lot of dough which was a bit dry.
I was disappointed that they only had bottled tea and no fresh brewed. They did have a soft drink vending machine but my friend said it was so high that she couldn't tell when her drink was filled. #shortpeopleproblems 
I was also disappointed that they had zero non-meat kolaches. Although their are 2 non-meat rancheros. Otherwise you're waiting on breakfast tacos....It's such a cute little place on the corner and very inviting with a friendly staff. I wanted to like it so much, but I left feeling like I wasted my money. 
I ordered the boudin jalapeño & cheese Kolache and was asked if I wanted spicy or regular boudin. I ordered the spicy, so I was expecting fire with that and the jalapeños. When I bit into it, there was ZERO spice. Like none. Not even a hint of cayenne or anything. 
They recommended the steak and egg breakfast taco, so I got it. The steak was soft and grey, kind of like "steak" you would get on a fast food breakfast sandwich. Not my style. 
I asked for sour cream and guacamole, which I didn't get in my bag, so I had to go back and get it. I couldn't even finish the guacamole, which is unheard of for me. It tasted like ready made guac that you squeeze from a tube, but I was confused, because it had a little onion, tomato, and cilantro in it. I ended up tossing it. 
It just seems like they cut corners. I hope they do better.As a girl from Texas, I love my breakfast tacos! Unfortunately, they're not a big deal in NOLA, so I wasn't expecting to be wow'ed by the tacos here, especially since their specialty is kolaches. Boy was I wrong! I personally enjoy their breakfast tacos more than their kolaches! The first time I came, I got a sausage + cheese kolache and a potato + egg breakfast taco. I was a little disappointed in the kolache because the sausage was as thin as the average finger, so it was a little too doughy for me. However, I loooved the potato taco! There was cheese and bell peppers in it, which made it quite flavorful! I came back the very next day and got these two tacos, and both were delicious! I am definitely going to try the sweet items on the menu next time!As a former Texan now living in New Orleans, all I can say is thank the sweet Lord for Kolache Kitchen. While you can never really complain about the food options in New Orleans with a straight face, this city was in dire need of these Texas breakfast staples. The Kolaches, and Breakfast Tacos are exactly as I remember from my favorite hometown go-tos.
I'll definitely be back to try the Kolaches with a Louisiana twist - Hot Sausage + Cheese, and Boudin, Jalapeno + Cheese (they have regular Boudin too). Lunch items look amazing too!My cousin raves about this place and from their Instagram's posts, I was very delighted to try something new. The place is very small and there are limited seats indoor. If you know New Orleans weather in the summer, it is too freaking hot to sit outside. 
I ordered three savory kolache: jalapeño boudin, smoked sausage, & bacon and cheese. They weren't bad but I wish they had more flavor and that it was more stuffed. The stuffing to bread ratio was off. More bread than stuffing. Or maybe I'm just fat like that. I ordered the sweet kolache as well. I got the strawberry flavored, that was good. I would def come back for the sweet kolache. 
Nonetheless, it was a great experience. The staff were friendly and very helpful when decided what to get.Overall I was pleased with my experience here. I ordered a bacon and cheese Kolache and a ham, onion and Swiss empanada. The empanada was exceptional but definitely more on the sweet side than savory. The dough was almost sugary and I really enjoyed it. The onions were caramelized and the cheese was melted and it was just great. The Kolache was disappointing. It was all bacon and I didn't see or taste any cheese. The bread almost seemed stale and looked like it had been soaked in grease and dried that way. It was hard to chew and was very dry. My mom got the Cuban and gave it a 9/10 the pork was pulled and not sliced and the bread was really good.I absolutely love this place. Went there three times this week. The brisket taste like Texas. Excellent. Reasonable prices. Fabulous staff. Easy parking around.Just what New Orleans has been missing. Kolache and breakfast tacos!  Quick and easy in and out makes it perfect was to start the day.I was just browsing yelp to find something easy and local to NOLA for a quick breakfast, then I found this place. Kolaches are bread with stuffing inside, it can be savory or sweet. I had their chorizo and ham/cheese and they were amazing. I kept one in the fridge for the other day. The kolache are baked fresh and they are not expensive. I will recommend them to my friend.Just what New Orleans has been missing. Kolache and breakfast tacos!  Quick and easy in and out makes it perfect was to start the day.I should start by saying my standards for kolaches are pretty high because I'm from Houston, and Houston's kolache game is on pernt!  I've tried local baked goods purporting to be "kolaches", and they fall far short.  I was super excited when I heard this place was opening because they promised an authentic kolache experience.  I bought pretty much one of every kolache as a sampler for a group breakfast.  While these were ok...they weren't the top-tier-Houston-kolache I was hoping for.  They lack the fluffy yeastiness of a Grade-A kolache.  Don't get me wrong, they taste good, but they're not 5 star material and I thought it was a little pricey for what I bought (4 meat kolaches, a sweet kolache, and a drink cost me $23).
In order of preference, I would have to vote:  hot sausage & cheese, ham & cheese, original & cheese, and boudin & peppers (this was disappointingly flavorless).  Although not a fan of sweets, I also got one cheese kolache and ended up keeping it for myself because it was absolutely delightful!I like this place a lot. I am a kolache afficionado and I desperately want it to succeed. Their sweet kolaches are to die for, especially the cream cheese. However, I do have a few suggestions that would take this place from 4 stars to 5. 
First, and this is an easy fix: put your hours on the door so they're visible to people driving by! Sometimes early in the morning on the way to work or around late lunchtime, I'll drive and consider stopping in, but I look in the window and see no one through the window, so I can't tell if they're open or not. Yeah, we can see the hours on Yelp, but not while we're driving--and restaurants in New Orleans are closed on weird days sometimes. It's super easy! Just post them so there's no mystery! 
Second: the meat kolaches taste great, but they're a little lacking on the meat. My favorite kolache place ever (Dos Gatos in San Marcos, TX.) uses the entire (~5 inch) sausage. They don't slice it down the middle. I'd be okay paying a bit more for meat kolaches that are more substantive. 
Anyway, those are two small gripes but I feel better now that I've gotten them off my chest. 
BTW their coffee is not necessarily for everybody because it seems super strong, but I personally love it.Wonderful experience. Food was great and the service was incredibly fast, friendly, and professional. I had a sausage and egg taco, sausage and cheese kolache, and a cheese kolache I would come back for all three. Very reasonably priced!Yum is all I can say. The bacon and cheese breakfast taco and a peach and cheese Kolache. Yum yum yumI typically love this place - the boudin kolache is amazing and I could eat it everyday. That is why I was so disappointed this morning with the ham and cheese. A rolled up piece of ham, (barely any) processed cheese and mostly hollow? If you can make that boudin, you can certainly do better than this mess!As a native Texan now living in New Orleans I have been searching for breakfast tacos and kolaches since moving here. This place is my absolute favorite and I probably stop in way too often. I've tried just about every category on the menu, nothing has disappointed me. Everything is legit as far as ingredients, dough consistency, flavor. They are very friendly and it's quick service. A very happy Texan, who missed her breakfast tacos.Went for a light lunch. It was my first experience with kolaches, and I was not disappointed. Everyone was friendly and the service was fast and efficient. My only complaint, which kept this from being a 5-star review, was that we thought the filling in the boudin kolache, albeit very tasty, was skimpy in proportion to the amount of pastry. If it had been more filled, it would have been sheer perfection!Love this place! Can be a little too crowded for me. But they fulfill orders very quickly and their kolaches are always fresh. Especially for office take out this is a wonderful place to go to.I had a nice breakfast experience here, went on a friday morning. The staff were very sweet and enthusiastic about the food. I ended up having a delicious potato soft taco. The manager handed me some of the housemade taco sauce which really pushed it to excellent. Will be back to try vegetarian lunch tacos. 
As for the kolache, just wow! I've never tasted one before so I have no benchmark. But the pastry texture was awesome, fresh, chewy ... and the filling was perfect. The blackberry filling, you could tell was housemade from whole blackberries. Not canned preserves--- it wasn't as over-the-top sweet as a commercial fruit jam/jelly. The intact blackberry seeds and crunchy topping went nice with the cream cheese filling which also was very mellow sweet and did not make my teeth hurt from too much sugar. 
Overall nice clean cafe, great product, fast and fresh. and standout friendly customer service.Definitely a cool place to check out if you want something quick and easy to eat. Small little restaurant with only two tables inside, but seated also available outside. We were greeted by a pleasant male, assuming being the manager/owner stepping inside. Stated that it was our first time trying the place out which automatically had him explain the different items available and recommendations. From spicy smoked sausage to ham and cheese kolache. Everything was freshly made and kept warm until purchased. Honestly better than Shipley's kolaches. I've also ordered a club sandwich which came out fairly quick and huge! Me and a friend were both intrigued by the frozen coffee options available which were cinnamon bun and vietnamese coffee, but unfortunately, the machine was giving them a hard time, so he provided ice to make it iced coffee. He also offered us free kolache desserts for coming in as new guests. My overall experience there was very good and would definitely find myself back in there if I am in the area.The Kolache kitchen is pretty good, they have a great chorizo and egg taco in the morning, their steak and egg taco isn't as good because they go light on the steak. They also have really good kolaches, the bread is nice and sweet and they all have decent fillings. Check out KK if you have a chance.Nice Bakery to eat a pastry from early in the morning. Good Business Hours. Delicious sweets.Your call. In and out or done and chill. I chose to dine in because after first glimpse of these ekolaches, they don't deserve to be eaten while driving. It would be a decent way to go; but not today. The egg and cheese was fluffy, fluffer and fluffiest. Man of man it was good. The eggs and cheese was well balanced in ratio, the temp inside was nice and a tad hotter than warm. The service (thanks Abby) was awesome. She was detail oriented and her mannerism was that of a airline safety video, meaning service with a smile. Thanks y'all for the kolache. Totally glad I crossed paths with this spot. Oh btw, I added some Crystal hotsauce because life should be a tad spicy.As a recent Texas transplant, I was excited and nervous to try kolache kitchen. Central Texas has the best kolaches on the continent. These pass the test and then some with ample delicious fillings, served toasty with slight crunch on the cheese and a reasonable price. When I left central Texas, I gave up on having a good breakfast taco, but this place changed my mind. The owner (?) assured me that great measures were taken to ensure the quality of the kolaches and breakfast tacos, as he was from Houston. He also said the breakfast tacos were very popular in Baton Rouge. I can taste why. The amount of filling was a little underwhelming for the price, but the eggs bacon and cheese were mixed perfectly (The bacon was minced throughout the egg and the melted cheese bound the egg/bacon to the tortilla) which is the cardinal rule of breakfast tacos. It was clearly freshly cooked with a warm flour tortilla. The salsa was tangy and tomato-y, on point for a Texas style breakfast taco. I'll be going back when I get the breakfast taco itch and look forward to trying the savory kolaches, which include boudin.I bypassed the Kolaches all together and went straight for tacos. Alvin D.'s taco pic had me running.  Breakfast tacos aren't common in NOLA and I love them almost as much as breakfast burritos.  
I love this location. Freret is super convenient to get to and parking is never really an issue. Unlike magazine street.  
Kolache kitchen offers potato, sausage, bacon, chorizo, or steak (+egg) breakfast tacos.   I wish they had brisket for breakfast but I had to get chorizo anyway.  Growing up in Los Angeles, chorizo and eggs was a staple.  The tacos come with cheese, pico, and a side of salsa.  I added potatoes too and this taco was everything.  I devoured it.  
I definitely will be back for more tacos and maybe a Kolache.We enjoyed it! Fresh kolaches and a variety to satisfy your savory or sweet tooth! The dining area is really small but kolaches are easy to eat on-the-go so that's not a big deal!!I drove past this place for months and couldn't wait for it to be open. Being from Houston, I just assume all kolache places will be incredible and I had high hopes. The tacos were AMAZING, but the kolaches, for me, fell flat. They were just okay. I also hoped to see all of the options on display in a glass case, but you can't see any of the kolache except for some sweet choices. 
Definitely try the breakfast tacos.Kolache Kitchen where have you been my whole life?? I love this place, I have been waiting for something like this to open up in Nola for years!! Sometimes a girl just wants some breakfast tacos! Can't seem to find those anywhere in this city but Kolache kitchen has come to the rescue!! I thought the tacos would be my favorite, but actually the "Racheros" are my personal fav.  Delicious sweet bread packed with savory cheese, egg and meat.  So simple and so good. Very reasonable pricing. Sometimes for breakfast or lunch you just want something little to snack on and the Kolache Kitchen will provide you with that. Oh also, the cream cheese apple Kolache was off the chain. I might even go back right now and get one....... ;-)Yummm I loved the sweet kolache tried the cheese and fruit and the cinnamon rolls all deliciousI really wanted to love this place, maybe we caught them on an off day. We came in on Saturday morning and the staff was nice, but you can tell they were a tad overwhelmed. I understand because it was really busy. I wouldn't buy coffee- I got an iced latte and it was basically water and milk. I feel like we wasted money- $18 for three kolachies and two iced lattes. The kolachies were barely warm and my bacon and cheese seemed to be missing the cheese component. And, if you're not a meat person, you won't want to wind up here.If you're looking for doughy stuffed goodness then this is your spot! Perfect for breakfast on the go or if you're in need of an office breakfast that will please everyone! I like the savory kolaches the best: particularly the chorizo, egg and cheese!Service is slow and hygiene is questionable. While waiting for fifteen minutes for my items, I observed habits and practices of those on shift.  There appeared to be confusion on some orders, and the cooks and person filing orders were trying to sort things out.  At this point they peeled back the foil wrappers of the tacos on the counter and unfolded the tortilla to identify its contents.   The orders were then rearranged and filled. Meanwhile, another employee arrived and kept touching her hair and lips then started packing orders.  I finally left, without my items, deciding it wasn't worth waiting.  I won't be back.Months before I head up high sausage, egg and cheese kolache which was just ok. It was kind of plain and just didn't have the best taste. The more recent time I went I tried the breakfast burrito which was great!!!! Also I paid with cash, and I told the cashier I was going to my car to get some change. Once I came back he told me the gentleman took care of it for me. That made my day. I will definitely be passing on to someone else (picking up the tab) for the person behind me!!!First time visiting The Kolache Kitchen! I ordered the brisket sandwich, blueberry kolache, steak breakfast taco and a bottle of tea. The brisket sandwich and pastry were great but the taco was lacking flavor and light on the steak. I also asked for no pickles and found three on my sandwich when I got home. The staff, however, were very nice and everyone was masked. There was enough space inside to keep distanced from other customers. There were tables and chairs on the right side of the building but they were positioned in a way to deter seating (due to COVID-19 I presume). I don't live very close to their Freret location, but if I did I could see myself dropping in for a quick morning or lunch bite.Stopped by for breakfast. Had iced coffee, a classic sausage and cheese kolache, and an breakfast shrimp and egg taco. Had to wait a bit to get it and they made the wrong taco for me. So I had to wait a little longer.  Food was good but not great.  I'd give 3.5 stars but rounded up to 4 because I'm feeling generous today.Head over heels for this place not only for the quick yet delicious bites; however, the customer service here is stronger than Sia screaming Titanium over and over again. So the origins of this bakery/kitchen is from Baton Rouge so it's cool to see them expanding into New Orleans. I've seen this place under construction for a while since last year so I'm glad to see their doors are finally opened.
Everyone greets you with a smile here and honestly kolaches just scream home to me.
They have a wide variety of food offerings including savory and fruit kolaches, sandwiches, tacos, empanadas, and a few other things.
I wanted something quick and easy so ordered the classic sausage and cheese, unfortunately they were sold out so I opted for the smoked sausage and cheese. These little pups are so well priced that honestly I'm shocked I didn't order more. I wanted to be cautious before order a wide variety but after tasting the smoked sausage I'm sucked in and now will be a loyal fan.
A classic kolache was $2 and a smoked sausage was about $2.80. That's great IMO and they always asked every customer in there if they wanted them warmed up on the go.
The kolache is a great ratio of smoked sausage to bread and of course the cheese is enough to taste it but not overkilling the sausage. Kolaches are great for on the good meals and they're quite easy to handle.
The next time I'm in charge of bringing breakfast items I'll definitely be back. They also have two bathrooms for guests and a few tables to enjoy inside. Their hours are obviously geared for breakfast and lunch only so plan accordingly!
PS- lucky for me as I was walking out they had some fresh out the over classic kolaches so I ended up snagging one and the sausage and cheese was great!How does a restaurant run out of forks, incredible add that with slow service and non caring attitude. The highlight of this visit was the selection of great foodGreat service! Everything is super fresh. When I went they were out of the smoked sausage Kolaches so I got the boudin, boudin jalepenos and cheese, hot sausage and cheese kolaches and a cinnamon roll. All very good! Not my first time here, won't be my last. The staff is very friendly.Their bacon, egg and cheese rancheros are SO GOOD! Also recommend the Vietnamese ice coffee.Like an answer to a prayer, when you need a breakfast taco, sometimes a taco is there. 
It was my last week of work off Freret and I'd woken up late. With no time for breakfast, I stubbornly biked through an unseasonably cold morning, internally grumbling about the sad granola bar I'd probably have to eat to tide me over.
WHEN WHAT TO MY WONDERING EYES DID APPEAR but Kolache Kitchen? The staff are fun and energetic and the TACOS. I was feeling carnivorous so I got a sausage taco and a steak one. Delicious. They come with a tasty salsa, too!
I ended up going back later the same week and then once over Mardi Gras when they were thankfully open.
Keep up the good work, y'all!I honestly have no idea what a Kolache is so I should be easily impressed right? After looking at many of the reviews, I have to say, it doesn't seem like a lot of people are impressed with their Kolaches. Despite this, I still decided to give this place a try. I ordered: 
1. Cheese Filled Kolache: DELICIOUS! The kolache itself was just alright.  A bit dry and was basically tasteless bread but it went very well with the delicious sweet cream cheese filling. I loved the cream cheese filling. It kind of tasted like a danish but was really sweet so it went well with the bland bread. 
2. Cinnamon Roll: Also very delicious. Really good fresh taste. I liked that it was so soft and fresh and had a nice cinnamon flavor without being too strong. 
3. Ham & Cheese: Terrible... I would not recommend at all. The ham and cheese was good but wasn't enough to overcome the bland Kolache bread. We have sometime similar in Cantonese where we sell ham and cheese inside a Chinese bun and it goes well because the filling is really flavorful and goes well with the blander bread but both is bland in this case. The cheese and ham need to be seasoned more or they need to add more or something. Overall, not great. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Overall, seems like their sweet game is on point but they need to work on the savory stuff. I definitely want to come back and try the breakfast tacos because they look delicious on the menu. However, I didn't care for the savory Kolaches. Maybe it was an off day? I'll probably give this place another chance but I'll definitely be back for their sweet buns. Super delicious!I've passed by the Kolache Kit hen many times and the other day stopped by to try out what they have.  I ordered a dessert kolache - apple crumble - a taco and a regular kolache.  the taco was really good, the dessert kolache tasted more like a doughnut and the regular kolache was decent.  Overall it was good, just not sure it's an all the time occurrence but definitely once in a whileThis place has potential. I honestly thought their breakfast tacos were tiny for the price I'm paying for my taco. It's only one taco. I messed up and didn't get a kolache because they looked small too. The empanadas were about $6-7 for one but looked fulfilling. I would try again and hopefully change this review. We did grab a cinnamon roll which was HUGE but I'm more savory so I wanted the other items to be big too.I'm from TX and there was a point in my life when I had a Kolache for breakfast at least 2 or 3 mornings out the week (because I worked next to a great donut spot that made them). I've been in Nola for 5 years now so it's been that long since I had a Kolache. I was excited and both nervous to try this spot. Finally went this morning and they were very busy. Service was ok considering the crowd. I got super excited when I saw breakfast tacos (my other breakfast staple from back home!) so I ended up ordering a breakfast taco instead and my fiancé got the Kolaches and a pastry. The taco was ok- the potatos inside were a little hard and I wish it had a little more bacon. Fiancé thought his Kolache was ok as well, not as hot as he would have liked. I was happy to see he enjoyed his cream cheese & fruit filled pastry which he said was delicious. Considering they were super busy I think I'll likely give this place one more try.Might have been my first Kolache but won't be my last. Since it was my first time I didn't know what to get. After the lady at the registered explained the different type of Kolaches I decided to try the classic one which is sausage and cheese wrapped in soft bread. When I say soft bread I mean soft fresh bread. They really could just sell the bread by itself. 
I also got the frozen Vietnamese coffee which was very good. Unlike some frozen drinks that are watery when you get to the end, this drink kept the right consistency until the very end. 
Reasonable prices and good location, just be prepared to pay for parking or park on an off street.I go here more than I should. I just think their steak egg and potato breakfast tacos topped with their house made hot sauce is perfection. I'm reviewing to thank the badass ladies in the kitchen (I see you) for their work, and the girls who work the counter for always being so good with dealing how busy it can be. Sure, these breakfast tacos take a bit longer to cook on the grill than some people can stand (so many people can't wait 10 mins) but they always make my day a good one.The Kolache Kitchen is a GREAT addition to the Freret neighborhood & provides a super fast, easy breakfast option. I usually get 3 spicy smoked sausage Kolaches for a satisfying breakfast. They have some seating in the restaurant, but it is mainly a take out establishment. They also serve breakfast tacos, coffee, fruit kolaches, and more. I highly recommend The Kolache Kitchen to anyone looking for a high-quality, fast, & affordable breakfast on the go.Ordered breakfast from here (delivered to our office) multiple times. Everything is decently priced, and tasty. Better than fast food while similarly priced since you can get a single kolache or taco for $2-4 / pc. Depending on your appetite and the filling you choose you might need two to fill you up. The dough on the kolaches is so good and fresh. A lot of people love their boudin. I stick with the tacos. For the tacos, they are soft tacos, and definitely taco size - not burrito size - the tortilla is nothing to write home about, though the filling is flavorful and you can add in jalapenos, spinach, beans, etc. The potato & egg is filling with a few add-ins so that's what I go with to stay with my vegetarian breakfast. Try them out! Support local!Kolache Kitchen has something for everybody. Their pulled pork sandwich is unexpectedly great for a kolache place, their savory kolaches with a slightly sweet dough is great, and their sweet kolaches are perfect for sweet breakfast or snack. I would definitely recommend making sure to get some of the bbq sauce for sandwiches, again really good. 
They have no indoor seating right now, but the uptown location does have tables outside for customers. Staff is great, and definitely take them up on warming up kolaches if you're going to eat right away.I finally had a chance (with the incentive of a $10 GC) to check out this place.  I'm a big fan of any stuffed bread and it's their specialty!  The Kolache's i've had have included the freezer Costco version, french pastries and some traditional style in TX.  I was really excited to see the variety on their menu including many savory and sweet options.  I went for an apple w/cream cheese, a cherry, an egg & bacon and a boudin Kolache.  Also tried their Vietnamese frozen coffee which is a favorite of mine.  Honestly, I couldn't drink the coffee.  It was waaaaaaay to sweet for my taste and I'm use to a stronger variety from local vietnamese restaurants.  
The kolache were okay, but a little disappointing.  They didn't feel as fresh I hoped considering it's their specialty and the fillings were just okay, nothing spectacular.  I would go back to check out their breakfast tacos and many other menu items if prompted.  It's possible that I'm not enough of a kolache fan to love these, but if I'm eating bread from a bakery, I want it fresh and delicious.  So many places offer that here.Great place to grab a quick breakfast/snack! It's nice that they have a few parking spots in the back, as Freret street can be difficult to find parking on at certain hours. They have a variety of sweet and savory kolaches, breakfast tacos, lunch tacos, and empanadas to choose from. I got the spicy sausage & cheese kolache ($2.10) and boudin, jalapeno, cheese kolache ($3.25). The boudin one was amazing -- the filling was not too salty as boudin sometimes can be. Not very filling so if you're doing this as a meal, I'd recommend 2-3 kolaches, or a kolache + tacos! The spicy sausage & cheese kolache was a little smaller and had a lot of air in it and not enough meat/cheese in my opinion, but the flavors were still yummy. There are tables outside and a few inside, but this seems like a to-go kind of place to me!This place is great! I had the bacon and cheese Kolache and it was delicious! My friend had the swift tacos and the were great too. Service was friendly and fast!Good product but horrible delivery. Called in order, arrived 15 minutes later, waited 10 more to pay, waited another 15 to get food and food actually had been ready a while but they weren't calling it out or letting people back in store after paying. Can't believe I tipped 25%. HorribleJust got 2 breakfast tacos and WOW. SO GOOD! 
More importantly, the ladies who work there are so down to Earth and nice!My wife and I have been grabbing breakfast here occasionally recently thanks to their participation in the American Express Shop Small program. We've been trying to sample different menu items each time to find our favorites, which all come from the savory kolache section. My personal favorites are the boudin, jalapeños, and cheese, Patton's hot sausage and cheese, and bacon and cheese. My wife is a big fan of the classic sausage and cheese, which is a bargain! Always pleasant service and safe during Covid. This morning, the cashier even reminded a gentlemen to wear his mask in the store, thumbs up!This place is incredible for lunch! Only open until 2pm so make sure to get there early! The kolaches are delicious especially the spicy classic. I would also try the empanadas, brisket with poblano pepper is a must! They have a taco combo deal and for only $8.50 you get two tacos and a drink. Such a steal! Something sweet is great to finish the meal such as the apple and cheese danish. Only 5 guests allowed at a time to keep it safe for covid.I'm shocked reading these positive reviews. I ordered two breakfast tacos through a delivery service. One taco didn't have the correct ingredients (which were paid for), but that mattered very little since both tacos were cold, soggy, and not tasty at all. I expected them to be small bc of the price (and they are) but again, this didn't matter bc the tacos themselves were a mess of bland. When biting into the first taco, I couldn't even tell which meat it was supposed to be...Love Kolache Kitchen! It was apart of my daily ritual, while living in Baton Rouge. So glad to see it has arrived in NOLA! And excited to see that the menu has expanded! Soooo excited to try all of the new stuff! I recommend you try ASAP!I'm from Texas where kolachies are life and I can tell you these are legit!
Ton of options but this morning I had the Ham + Cheese, Turkey, Chipotle Garlic + Swiss and the Boudin, Jalapeños + Cheese. They were all deliciously wrapped in a sweet warm bread that just filled me with joy. The only critique I have on that they could have been warmer but other than that they were golden!
Sorry there are no pictures of the Kolachies but I was starving and ate them while driving (which you should not do, safety first) but trust me they gooooood!Holy smokes! Best breakfast sandwiches I've ever had in my life. We had these guys delivered every morning this weekend and I'm sincerely going to miss them once we leave New Orleans. Tried the Ranchero and the spinach and egg. Both delicious!!!Service and products are AMAZING! I will be recommending to everyone I know. I had Hazlenut Latte, outstandingFriendly staff. 
"Empanadas" were good. 
Kolache was good. 
House made hot sauce..nah 
Cinnamon roll..pillsbury better tbh.The food was ok! The employees were very unfriendly & unbothered! Very rude did not greet. Walked in & was not greeted! The employer looked at me and turnt her head! Will not return!My daughter loves Kolache and we were able to get some bc we went to Bearcat. It wasn't good enough to go out of my way to come back but if I'm ever in the area I'll stop by againOrdered through Yelp but Kolache Kitchen didn't receive it for various issues.  They were very cordial and ended up giving my items of my choice on the house.  The foot is very tasty and worth the price.  Ended up coming back the next day for more.Delicious pastries but make sure to get there early! They only had takeout due to COVID and only allowed limited people inside. I felt very safe ordering food from hereI had a fantastic meal from this little shop on Freret Street!  They had friendly staff and COVID-safety in mind (number of customers inside was limited and masks required). I ordered 4 tacos and a kolache, partially using the $10 Yelp Elite Perk store credit that I was provided.
I tried the strawberry-cheese kolache, which was amazing! It had crunchy sugary crumbs with a strawberry-cheesecake-like filling. The pastry dough was incredibly soft and delicious. Fairly priced at $2-3, they apparently flew off the shelves because it was the only one left when I arrived around noon.  I regret not getting there earlier! 
I also had pork, chicken, fish, and shrimp tacos. They used double layers of soft tortillas with well seasoned proteins and fresh greens. The sauces used for each taco was creatively different and yummy! I think the best one was the chicken with cilantro cream. They offered a homemade zesty sauce that added a spicy kick if you're into that too!  I think these were kind of expensive at ~$4 each, but it's on Freret St. so that's expected.
Overall, the kolaches are the showstopper here.  I can't wait to come back to try their savory ones!Pretty crappy service today. Staff was just standing around not helping customers. They can't seem to get a system down, just winging it. No discernible line, whoever was around was served regardless of if others have been waiting. I'll be heading to other breakfast spots that have more experience with customer service.KLOBASNEK: SAVORY; KOLACHE: SWEET
I grew up eating kolaches, especially during our stint in the Texas klobasnek belt. What made them so unique from say pigs in blankets or beignets was the dough. It had to be waxy, golden but not over cooked, and not thick and chewy. Like a good muffuletta the purpose of the bread is to support the innards. Most new Kolache places seem to be bread heavy with a clandestine cocktail sausage added like a king cake baby.
GOOD BUT NO VIBRANCY
The klobasnek sand kolaches here are very close to authentic. I actually prefer the bread to that of Hruska's in Ellinger. But the vibe here is of bored indifference. There is no oomph. No claque's of morning neighbors splitting au lait' s and a boudin stuffed. No students on lap tops. No pups begging for a wedge of sausage. It's too clinical and needs a vital bed side manner.Ordered Sunday brunch from Kolache Kitchen using Uber eats. The prices were great, food delicious, and I got the food really quickly. Breakfast tacos and fruit and cheese Kolache in particular were delicious. Also got a ranchero but I'm full, haven't been able to try yet. If you're looking for an affordable, delicious, and quick/ easy breakfast or brunch... do it! Give this place a try. I'll be ordering from them again for sure.The food here is pretty bad. The classic sausage and cheese kolache is basically a little hot dog in a bun. The bread part of everything was overly sweet and everything was super greasy. Also got the completely wrong things in our order.What a disappointment.  Tried their bacon & cheese kolache, and a seasonal one they had, described as "spicy turkey, chipotle peppers, garlic and swiss."  
Both were wrapped in a thick blanket of chewy, doughy, sweet but otherwise flavorless bread that is reminiscent of a plain old bleached hotdog roll.   And inside of the turkey special kolache, I find a tight roll of gross, generic deli turkey, and nothing else. No chipotle, no garlic, no flavor to speak of.  Just deli meat, clearly not homemade or roasted in house, just generic deli meat which I myself find rather repulsive (go read about how it is typically produced!).
It is no wonder that this place, with CBD and Freret Corridor locations, caters to tourists and students, i.e. the tasteless.  This place may be hip, but it is not tasty.  Take your sad facsimile of kolaches back to Texas y'all!How does a restaurant run out of forks, incredible ad d that with slow service and non caring attitude. The highlight of this visit is the selection of great food 
Came here for the 3rd time and this 
restaurant still can't an order correct we ordered 2 egg potato and bacon tacos and 2 egg and bacon tacos.  Instead of the egg potato with bacon I received beef amazing how hard is it for their order puller to get this right do I need to have them open them so I can inspect them to make sure they're correct. 
On my second visit here they gave me Kolaches instead of tacos!!
I think they need to retrain they're staff to make sure your orders are correctNew favorite spot for a quick, cheap bite on Freret!
I'll admit, being that I'm a local I wasn't too knowledgable on what the heck a kolache was. Super skeptical, I walked into The Kolache Kitchen after I visited the gym (how fitting) to see what the Instagram hype was all about when it came to these doughy cuties. I was pretty impressed.
It doesn't matter if you're all about the sweet or the savory, this spot has a wide array of kolaches. I started off with savory by ordering a kolache with smoked sausage and in proper New Orleans fashion, a hot sausage and cheese one. Both were pretty good, although I LOVED the hot sausage and cheese. It reminded me of a super spicy piggy in a blanket. Plus, you know you're in the right spot when the cashier asks if you want Patton's Hot Sausage in your kolache. Girl, it's like you know me!
Can't forget the fact that this place also has tasty pastries. I didn't hesitate to try one of their cinnamon rolls and it didn't disappoint! I can appreciate the soft dough and icing that is just sweet enough without being overpowering. I warmed it for breakfast the morning after with milk and it was so so good.
This is a cute spot to stop by when taking a stroll down Freret or even for a quick breakfast on the go! Seems very popular among people who live nearby and they might have just gained a new fan with me!Great place to catch COVID. The cooks were wearing masks on their chins and the woman who took our order took off her mask so that she could talk to us. 
The food and service are usually excellent here but clearly very little concern for COVID these days.