I was looking forward to having the fish and chips.  I think the fish was frozen and the chips are french fries. If you want to try the fish and chips go on Tuesday when it's 241. I'll try something else next time. Bike rack in the back.Outstanding Happy Hour.
Outstanding late night menu. 
Fantastic dinners, brunch, and lunch. 
Great atmosphere, it's the classiest pub I've ever seen. 
Very welcoming. 
No Creole here, just some very fresh British Isle style food. 
I eat here at least once a week and I always take out-of-town'ers here.Great food, reasonably priced.  On the St. Charles street car line with cold beer and a 'kids corner' too boot!  I had the eggs Benedict.  Fresh and delicious.  My son had the burger and fries.   I think I've eaten the best fries I've ever had...   No joking!  You gotta check this out...We were hoping for Irish music and good food. Found neither. Waste of time. It's just a typical bland American bar.I only have one thing to say about this place. Guinness served the RIGHT way. And since Yelp won't let me post this review without saying more I'll say it again. Guinness served the RIGHT way.Ate there twice while in town. Food was good both times. Guinness was excellent. Service was great the first time but awful the second visit.  Bob S (server 304) was our server on new years day. When we gave a dirty glass to him he brought it back a few secs later, same glass with spot smeared off. Appalling.I hate only giving this place three stars because Chef Murphy does a mean breakfast that'll kick a hangover's ass. The atmosphere is really nice and I always find something new and interesting to look at. 
Unfortunately, the service is abysmal. I mean, it's really really bad. I went there this morning for breakfast with a friend. The restaurant was less than half full, however there were several people waiting just inside the door, so the two of us headed to the bar. It took almost 15 minutes before anyone approached us to even hand us menus or take drink orders. The bartender was nowhere to be found. At one point, Chef Murphy poked his head out of the kitchen and looked around for...someone? Anyone? I'm a server too so I tend to be more forgiving than most, but the few people who were waiting tables seemed to be in no rush, wandering about aimlessly. Finally a girl (a hostess, I think) took our orders. Even then it took another ten minutes to get coffee. While we were waiting, another guest who was clearly irritated asked the girl for toast, butter, jelly, and several other necessities for their meal since they hadn't seen their server in a long time. 
The Irish House has great potential, but they need to kick their serving staff into high gear to really live up to it. I honestly wish I could write more about the great food, but the poor service overrode most of my positive feelings.Service sucked. 20 people in the place and took them 20 min just to take drink orders and 2 people at the bar and took 10 min just for a beer.  Was ready to walkout.  Food was good but service killed it especially for the price. Will not go back.Probably not a bad place for drinks & appetizers.  Dinner was pretty unimpressive and pricey.  Wonderful beer list though!  Just set your expectations accordinglyIrish style pub to the core, serving traditional Irish food and pouring a proper Guinness. The prices are a bit high, and the menu a bit limited, but I'm grateful that they know how to actually pour a Guinness correctly. They also have darts in the back.This is a legit Irish Pub on the St. Charles streetcar line!  Excellent selection of Irish whisky, beer & traditional pub fare, including the best fish & chips in town, shepards pie, etc.  Excellent service, too!
Watch for one of their whisky tastings and/ or come out for Wednesday night trivia.  I'll be back!Like superior grill, this is a seemingly popular restaurant for reasons unknown to me. I only go if I must (friends birthday, etc) and they never fail to disappoint me with their slow kitchen, overpriced entrees, and mediocre servings. Last time I went I only ordered fries- surely they can't mess up fries!- but alas, they did. For $5 I received a small bowl of limp, mushy dark brown potato pieces pretending to be French fries.Upon entering we were greeted by great staff, eagerly awaiting our arrival. Service was excellent, very attentive. Our waiter suggested the special which was beef medallions with asparagus and mashed potatoes with an amazing Demi glaze sauce that was to die for!!! Kevin had the Shepherd's Pie that was also great flavors and presentation. We chose the dessert called toffee pudding but ended up being a fantastic cake like substance that melted in your mouth!!! Great place, fun atmosphere and away from the crazy Bourbon Street loudness!!!Went here for a party on the 2nd floor.  A/C broke and food was bland.  I really don't have anything good to say.First the positives: The atmosphere is great, and I really like having a nice pub in the neighborhood. The beer and wine list is extensive, the service is great. We ordered drinks and four appetizers. Two of the appetizers were delicious (the lamb belly and the salad with corn and avocado). Now the negatives: the other two appetizers were inedible. We ordered the special (cornmeal battered fried oysters with slaw and chicken soup with mushrooms). The oysters themselves were very good, though the accompanying slaw was so unbelievably salty that as soon as I put it in my mouth I had to spit it out. Same with the soup... potentially delicious, but so incredibly over-salted that we just couldn't eat it. We alerted our waitress, who went to the kitchen and tried the dishes herself and agreed with our complaint. We were never offered replacement dishes, and were charged for them when we received the bill. The good dishes were good enough that we'll probably go back some day, but I doubt we'll rush. Note to the kitchen: try your food before you send it out. There is no way that the salt level we experienced could be tolerable to anyone.Not so sure I will ever grace my presence at this place again.  Went Sunday after the majority of the St. Patty's Day celebration was over.  It was late afternoon.  It was busy but nothing like what it had been the day before.  It's a stone's throw from my place.  I've been wanting to try it, but I've heard mixed reviews.  
Especially for the St. Patty's Day celebration they had turned their parking lot into an outdoor seating are.  Pretty smart I thought.  My friend and I walked up.  Notice a table for two minus the chairs.  We asked the fellow patrons who weren't using chairs if we could use them. Sat down.  A few minutes later thinking we were going to be given an Irish smile and menus we received scathing instructions to go inside to be seated by the hostess.  I tried to explain that bc there was NO sign posted to do so and the fact that we had put this table together ourselves but she wasn't having any of what I was saying.  So, like good little girls we went in.  Explained to the delightful hostess what had happened and she in turn tells us that we CAN take any seat we want outside.  SERIOUSLY????!!!!  Talk about the right hand not knowing what the left hand is doing.  Makes me think that one had is masterbating while the other is getting high.
Not a good way to start off.
We went outside where the hostess then told us to wait.  Meanwhile the hotheaded Irish women was seating another couple at "our" table.  Afterward she had a powwow with the hostess and waitstaff.  We were then reassured that we would get the next table.  
We waited.  Keeping my temper... smiling, thanking them.... finally... two 4 top tables emptied.  YAY!  Not so lucky though...
Instead we were seated right up front by the stage where you can't hear a thing.  I politely asked the waiter if we could be seated in the back.  His response was "If you want the service you deserve, you need to sit here." Huh????  He must have noticed the quizzical look on my face bc he said it again, dropped the menus and walked way.  Upon sitting, our waitress immediately asks if we know what we want.  Stunned... of course we don't know what we want we JUST sat down, thank you very much. Usually patrons are greeted with a "hello" and a "I'll bring you some waters while you go over the menu."  NOT HERE!  We had to ask for the waters.  
Finally reviewing the menu... why on EARTH does an Irish restaurant serve sangria?  That's the one of many, many items that shouldn't be on this menu but are.  I don't care if the chef/owner won Chopped.  Whoever drew up the menu needs to schooled.  It's pretty freaking basic.  
Disgusted
We left before the waitress even came back with our waters.  Even better, not one waitstaff person was even outside to see us leave.
*POOF*
Waste of my time.  My Boston Irish side of the family would prolly drop their heads in shame... shame, shame.. shame.  
Went to Hoshun... always excellent service... always consistent food... always appreciated.  I thinking I'm turning Japanese.We came here three mornings in a row, the food is top bar for an Irish pub. We are only sorry we were unable to make it to lunch or dinner (next time). Ingredients are super fresh, everything is made perfectly and tastes amazing! The staff is very friendly, thoughtful and professional. Chef/owner Matt Murphy and his wife Alicia even sat and chatted with us over our eggs Benedict and fresh and delicious Molly Malone seafood omelette. Their Irish breakfast, as well as their home cured salmon with red onion marmalade on a bagel are must haves. If you want to spoil yourself, ask to have the salmon instead of the ham on the Benedict. If you like good food, this is the place!
Live music and theatre rounds out their establishment. Call for info.We had a horrible experience here on June 20, 2015. We were out for my husband's birthday, which we had saved up for.
We waited over 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged or seated us, despite a group of several waiters standing and chatting in full view.
It took almost ten minutes after being seated just to get our beverages. The waiter acknowledged my husband's birthday by presenting him with a plate of three small, stale pieces of Irish soda bread.
When our food finally arrived, it was bland and unseasoned. I had asked for no pesto, since I'm allergic to pine nuts. My plate arrived with a huge pile of pesto all over my food. I finally got the replacement long after my husband had finished his mediocre entree.
It took another 15 minutes or so for us to get our check.
All of this, for over $60.
It was a terrible disappointment, and waste of money.
At a bar across the street, we had a long talk with Rachel, an Irish House waitress who was off work. She was appalled by our horrible experience, and went over and talked to the manager.
We received a phone call several hours later from the manager, who apologized profusely and offered to send us an invitation for a free meal to make up for it.
It is now three weeks later, and no invitation has arrived.
I have heard such wonderful things about the Irish House and its chef, and we were really let down by the experience we had, and the lack of follow up.
Three star food, two star service, for five star prices.
And I'm left to wonder...if this is how they treat locals, how on earth do they treat the visitors to our city?Oh, how I wish I was wrong.  Was craving Shepherd's Pie, so went down there ordered it up and well, just no.  Mick's on Bienville serves up a REAL Shepherd's Pie on St. Patrick's Day.  Wish they had it on the menu all the time.  
Anyway don't get the Shepherd's Pie.  It consists of a less than 1/4" of mashed potatoes with some not even expensive cheddar cheese and about 4 inches of ground beef, gravy and peas, lots of peas.  
Hey, ya'll call me and I will tell you Grandma's secret recipe.
Ok, I'm waiting.....Waited well over an hour to receive our food once it was ordered. 
Had a waiter who seemed to have years of training in showing apathy and disinterest usually reserved by teenagers at social functions with their parents in tow.
Prior to ordering, I had the good fortune of bumping into the chef (or an individual in a chef's outfit) who assured me that the duck was excellent. Lucky me, I was feeling ducky.
The food arrived and redefined disappointment. My duck, while obviously an excellent piece of duck breast was cooked to the point of being tough and it was cooked in something that masked all flavor of the duck and replaced it with something more repugnant than desirable. My wife had beef medallions which were also tremendously over cooked. I had 2 bites of the duck before surrendering and my wife 2-3 bites of her medallions. 
About 5 minutes after our food arrived, we were both done and had pushed the plates to the side. This didn't even remotely occur as an oddity to our blissfully ignorant waiter who arrived 25 minutes later to retrieve our plates and ignore our empty beverage glasses.
I thought "Maybe we did something without realizing it to upset the waiter." But as we got up to leave after paying the ~$85 bill, I had a table which sat about 20 minutes before our departure ask us,"Is there something wrong with our waiter?" To which I replied,"Nothing methadone can't fix... you might want to head across the street to Wendy's or Popeye's if you want decent service and an edible meal tonight."
Freaking pathetic. I'd give it two stars if not for the fact that I've got a friend who is so enamored with the idea of an Irish restaurant being in town that I'll be dragged here time and again. For that, I wish I could give him a one star review as well. In fact, I'm reevaluating our friendship and considering informing him that for our friendship to endure, my attendance at the Irish House simply can not be expected.With off street parking and also being on the streetcar line, this restaurant is easy to get to. Food is typical pub fare - chicken curry, beef stew, shepherd's pie - and are in the $10-$12 range. Service was very good.Great ambiance super Irish coffees
My wife's favorite almost as good as what we've had in EuropeUgh....
To start off on the positives, the venue is spacious and well kept. Apparently there is also an upstairs private dining/event area, which I didn't see in addition to a variety of indoor and outdoor seating. I was pleasantly surprised.
This evening my girlfriends stopped in for a post saints game dinner/drinks. It was pouring all day and maybe 25% occupied by patrons- mostly empty tables. Our waitress was polite and attentive, although getting our drinks/food was pretty slow considering there was such a small crowd- and there was literally not a single vegetarian option on the menu. we made sure to pay out following our meal so not to burden the waitress, but remained at our table to continue drinking.  
Which is when things went downhill. No one ever came to clear glasses off of our table, there was no table service for cocktails (or if there was it didn't happen for us). The power suddenly went out but we (and everyone in there) stayed, in the dark, to finish the bottles of wine we had purchased. No employee made any sort of announcement about the situation to the patrons about what was going on or how service would be impacted or any effort to check in on the tables at all...about 20 minutes went by and someone brought votive candles around silently. The staff literally acted like they could care less if people stayed or left even though it was 3+ hours before closing and made no effort to reach out to the customers. I understand they needed to addres the power issue but if you have customers literally sitting in the dark waiting to pay a tab instead of just walking out without paying, one of the staff should have been checking in on people, maybe passing around cheap shots or something as a thank you for sitting in the pitch black....the show veritably did not go on, and came to a screeching halt.
after about an hour, I went to the bar to see if we could order another bottle, or if we should close out and leave, and literally got ignored by who I later discovered was the bartender, 2 waitresses and someone in a white Oxford shirt and tie (manager?) standing in front of me behind and beside the bar, then each walked away without speaking to me. I then found a waitress and (nicely) asked if there was any way to place another drink order or pay out & she gave me the stink eye and said the power was out. Obviously. I explained I understood there was no power but did they. Have a way I could place another order or close out and leave instead of sitting in the dark and after another stink eye she got the bartender from somewhere that was not anywhere near the bar. Antoher stink eye & a sigh and he decides maybe he can use the old school credit card copier that basically traces your card info. As if it's doing me a favor to offer a way for me to pay a bar tab after an hour of no communication from the staff that we could have just walked on.
 I offer to write my card information down for him and he replied he wasn't just doing it for me, the entire bar would need to use it and walked away. Perhaps that is something he could have bothered to start examining an hour beforehand instead of making me beg to pay my bill or continue to spend money. I was actually scared to ask him if I could please have a cup of water, or st and a cup to get sink water. My friend dared to ask if there was any of the bread that is passed in the beginning in the kitchen to eat while she was waiting to pay her bill since she they couldn't make any food, and was ignored as well. 
Bottom line is that clearly losing power is stressful for the staff. But there was zero interest or effort to let the patrons in the dark know what was going on, to make us feel comfortable, to thank us for patience or to offer an option for us to pay or make any additional transactions. We sat for probably 2 hours in the dark without ever hearing the staff speak. Saying thank or apogize to anyone. 
Won't be back.Had the rise and shine breakfast. Very large portion but absolutely delicious.This place is great! I went last year not long after they first opened and again during Jazz Fest when my folks were in town. On this second trip I was pleased to find they had expanded the menu a bit. The service was pretty good and there was live music outside. I rarely eat every single thing off the plate at restaurants (too much food!) but I cleaned the damn thing! It was the perfect portion and perfectly cooked. The first time I tried the Lamb with grits and this last time I had the Shrimp and Artichoke risotto and a poached egg on top!
I will definitely go again. They have a pretty good beer selection and their Apple Crumble rocks!
Can't wait to go back for Happy Hour and try their Bar food menuEveryone has a bad day, so this might have been Andrews.
1) he came and sat down with us at the table when greeting us.  
2) once the order was taken he never came back to table but once.  We had to flag him down to order more drinks, that never came.  
3) he over charged us on drinks and food 
4) we asked for the manager and the manager never came to table.  
5) the food was about 2 stars.  The fish & chips fish 2 pieces didn't have any fish in them. 
6) we asked him to correct the charges and when he brought the bill back the 2nd time it was still the same.   
I would have a hard time giving them a second chance.We have wanted to go here for the past year so we made a date  for a night they would have live music. 
We'll we were greated by a host who apparently did not want to be there. And later walked out.
I must say for an Irish loving girl I was not disappointed with the ambiance of this place. There was no live band as advertised wich was a bummer but I will never dismiss Flogging Molly.
We split the beer salad.  We loved it. My wife ordered the salmon  with vegetables.  The salmon was cooked perfectly but the sauce and vegetables were over powered by salt. 
I ordered the fish and chips with malt vinegar. 
The fish was great. The chips underneath were cold and overdone. 
Our waitresses never came to check on our drinks or make sure everything was ok. We had to ask twice for the malt vinegar it took 15 min. 
I enjoyed the experience but I do not think  I will be going back anytime soon.Our waitress was accommodating and the drink specials are great for saints games. However, the food was sub-par. Having had excellent bangers and mash in London (and practically living off of them), I suppose maybe my expectations were a bit high. But, when I decided to stop eating off of my boyfriends plate, I was sadly disappointed by my grits and biscuit. Unfortunately, Surrey's has spoiled me ( great for breakfast/brunch options!) what a terrible first world problem to have.
You've got to have a reason to come here, whether it be to meet up with friends, peruse a bunch of cool Irish garb, or to pretend you're an Irishman and throw some whiskey down the hatch. I'm not sure I'll be frequenting this location if not for one of those reasons above.Not overly impressed with the food. I started with the roasted tarragon chicken soup which was absolutely FABULOUS! Should have quit while I was ahead. I then ordered the fish & chips, my husband had the Shepherds pie, both came highly recommended by our waiter. The chips were very limp & the fish was undercooked. I couldn't eat the breading, it was very doughy. The shepherds pie looked wonderful but didn't have much taste.  Overall, not a very good experience, won't come back for more.Stopped in with a group for a late lunch and some drinks.  The Irish Coffee was very good.  It was my first time trying it, so I have nothing to compare it to as far as authenticity, but the taste was really good to me.  The waitress was attentive and helpful.  She remembered everyone in the group by name and did a wonderful job of keeping our glasses full and orders flowing.  I ordered a club sandwich and the bread pudding.  Also tried the shepherd's pie.  Everything was very good.It was about three nights after their opening that we stopped in to see how they were faring. I couldn't hear myself think! James informed me that this was normal of Irish pub-type places, or rather he shouted to me that "THIS IS NORMAL OF IRISH PUB-TYPE PLACES." 
To be clear, we ordered from the dinner menu, not from the bar. The food was *stellar.* I had salmon and James had redfish. The preparations looked amazing and tasted like heaven. They were large portions. 
We waited longer than 45 minutes for entrees. We would have inquired about this to the server, but the server was not available for inquiries. Further, had he stopped by to refill a soda or bread, he would have been unable to HEAR the inquiry. After our entrees were nearly gone and he did stop by, we asked (loudly) for more bread. They were out. He seemed busy. Remember, it was only their third day of service. I think they will recover. 
I truly believe that within a month, the wrinkles in service and ticket times will be ironed out, and this restaurant will be among the New Orleans greats. The problem is, unless they get carpet or build a wall between the bar and the dining area, I'm out. I will not pay fine dining prices for a pub-type setting. I can't handle the noise. My husband said he'll go back, but he'll have to go alone.They were one of the only places we could find open on New Year's Day.  They really shouldn't have bothered. They were clearly understaffed and both the food and experience suffered.
The Irish Coffee was quite good though.When I go to a place expecting to drop my hard-earned money, I want to be treated with basic human respect, but I don't always get it at the Irish House.  
Every time I go there, having given them second, third, fourth chances, they are understaffed.  And what little staff they do have is rude, impatient, and SLOW. They also play favorites, bringing bread to some tables immediately upon arrival, while doing as little as possible for others. 
How is it possible to microwave the hell out of sausage to the point that it splits and becomes rubbery, but it still shows up cold? My potatoes were cold too. Bringing this mangled slop was an insult.  The others at my table, during this last visit, had similar problems, especially with their hash browns, which were cold and flavorless. 
Upon this last visit, all five of us failed to get things we asked for, such as toast or coffee.  I'm not sure how a restaurant that calls itself the IRISH HOUSE can allow its employees to get annoyed when bunch of guys from the Irish Channel parade show up.   Perhaps if they'd be a little nicer or approach a busy situation with a sense of humor, instead of showing how upset they are, the Irish Channel guys would tip them well, and a better time would be had by all.  
Interesting side note: I called to ask about having my rehearsal dinner at the Irish House. The lady on the phone proceeded to lecture me about  how "we do things in New Orleans," assuming that I wouldn't know.  I'm from here, by the way. But by the sound of her accent, she probably wasn't. She lectured me about the time of year I was getting married and about the difference between a buffet and a sit-down, as if I didn't know. She later made several attempts to get in touch with me, as if there'd be a chance I'd risk spending my money on rudeness and petty behavior. 
The bottom line is this: The Irish House has to fix some of its problems for now.  Perhaps at a later time, they will deserve my business again.Great beer selection and atmosphere, but okay food. Good place to hand with friendsWent here based on other Yelp reviews posted here. Very disappointing. The menu looked great, the food sounded great based on the description. The server came, couldn't really tell us much about the menu items and knew nothing about the wines. Our food took 30 minutes, and when it arrived, my dish(The spinach and garlic stuffed chicken with mashed potatoes) had so much Garlic it was unbearable(and I love garlic) The chicken was breaded and fried, and there was a  oil covering the entire plate.
My dinner mate has the pork cheeks, which were unbearable salty, and the carrots were way overcooked. All in all it made me not want to trust the advice on yelp :(We stopped here along the Nola Social Ride St. Pattys Day pub crawl and man was this place expensive. I ordered  a shot of Jameson and a Guinness chaser and it cost me $14. I like Irish bars, pubs and restaurants but this place is a little too white collar literally and figuratively for my taste.Food was good and the atmosphere was great. The service left a lot to be desired. Our server had no clue how to deal with a larger group and certainly did not keep track of table seating. Took over an hour to get checks so those of us paying missed the ceili upstairs. (Which we came for). Would certainly give it another try if back in New OrleansI really enjoy going to the Irish House. The ambience is great; the truly captured the feel of a pub in Dublin. From what I understand the beer selection is pretty extensive. I know they just updated their wine list, and from what I can see it looks goooood.
Irish House boasts all of the Irish staples. Fish and chips, Bangers and Mash, Beef Stew, Shepard's Pie. I am partial to their brown gravy fries as well. 
This summer they are featuring a strawberry mint lemonade that is oh so refreshing.
The price is a little high, but it is located on St. Charles, so I guess they have to pay the rent somehow.I hate to trash this place but it lived up to the Irish reputation for food,ie, it wasn't very impressive. I had a pastrami and cheese melt which had  very good cheese and bread but only a paper thin slice of pastrami. The "chips" were undercooked. My dining companion had the shepherd's pie which brought back memories I'd rather forget--my high school cafeteria. That said I will go back and give them another chance. Matt Murphy has gotten good reviews and i was totally impressed with his victory on Chopped.I really love going to this for the food and the beers.
The fish and chips are good but you have to tell the waiter for extra crispy.The food was exceptional. They had some gluten free / paleo options, but they didn't match the website so make sure to ask.Went for Sunday brunch.  Food was average and servers had too many tables.  I might give them another shot and try the burger.  Someone in my party ordered that and it looked good.Two thumbs way up.  I ordered the Gravy Boat, honestly it was one of the best breakfast's I've ever had but be prepared for a nap afterwards! They also pour a great Guinness. I will be back.We had the pleasure of going out with friends Friday night, celebrating the retirement from the military of the hubby of a good friend. The ceremony was at the National World War II Museum, and we migrated over to The American Sector, the John Besh restaurant that is part of the museum, then from there to The Irish House on St. Charles Avenue for dinner.
For drinks, the gals were doing "Irish Pancake" shots-Guinness in a shot glass, topped with butterscotch schnapps. Scary, says I, but they loved them. I had a couple of pints of Murphy's Stout. While Guinness on tap is easy to come by in New Orleans, Murphy's isn't, and thanks to Chef Matt for having it at his bar.
Starters:
"Covey Rise Cucumber Salad" - from this week's special menu. Sliced cucumber over Greek yogurt topped with a smoked salmon viniagrette and topped with fried potato skins. I snitched a bite of this, and it was very tasty. The dressing really made a difference.
"Cornmeal Crusted Barbequed Oysters with firecracker coleslaw." While good, there wasn't much "firecracker" in that coleslaw. Still, those oysters were fantastic! The batter was definitely a step up from the typical Fish-Fry you get on an ersta plate or po-boy, and the sauce was tangy, almost a sweet-and-sour sauce.
"Truffled Chicken, Wild Mushroom, Smoked Gouda and Cilantro Tart drizzled with truffle oil." This sounds much more fou-fou than it is! Chef Matt does a great interpretation of a classic chicken pasty/tart, with a savory but mild seasoning. The smoked Gouda ties it all together and adds to the subtlety of the pastry. I had the oysters and Mrs. Yatpundit had the tart--she was getting annoyed that I was snitching her food!
For mains, I had "Irish Bangers and Mash with brown gravy and Crystal onion rings." This is a good interpretation of one of the ultimate Irish pub dishes found worldwide. The sausage was more Irish/British than an andouille or southern smoked sausage, meaning it was tasty but mild. The sausages broke with my fork, but the skin was crispy. The potatoes had a rich gravy. Usually this would be a real "onion gravy," but Irish House does the onions as fried onion strings topping the dish. The combination of the beer and oysters meant I ended up taking half of the main home--big plate!
My wife had "Seared Jumbo Scallops over chorizo stoneground grits with julienne vegetables and lemon beurre blanc." The scallops were seared nicely, then cooked through. Wife fussed that the chorizo itself was too spicy, but the drippings in the grits was just the right spice level for her. That worked in my favor, because I got the chorizo.
My friend Anne (wife of the GoH) had "Shrimp and Artichoke Risotto with wild mushrooms, aged Parmesan fennel cream and a poached farm egg." This was another winner! I'm a sucker for just about anything with an egg on top, and this was solid. This is a dish I'm going to try at home. It's going to take some work to duplicate the cream sauce though.
Desserts: Our Guest of Honor was told that his money was no good at the bar, so he and his brother started doing shots. When the manager came over and asked if they'd like another, GoH said, "surprise me." Bad thing to tell a bartender! Rick the manager comes back with a tray that had five shots of the Water of Life on it. It's a neat Irish House feature--like a wine flight, the paper under the shot glasses listed what each whiskey was. That pretty much took care of their dessert. We also got two desserts, the "Sticky Toffee Pudding" off the menu, and the "Frozen Guinness Chocolate Cake" off the special menu. The pudding was thick and rich, and topped with a sweet toffee sauce. The chocolate cake was to-die-for. Topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, the cake was chilled and firm, but not rock-solid. It was served with "digestive crumbles," a very Irish way of saying shortbread cookie crumbs. Both were winners!I first want to say GREAT Irish food.  True. But. ... WTF with the St Paddys music. Owner is from Ireland. Wanted a "cultural center" but im listening to a decent cover of Bill Whithers. I say decent because it is an alright band.  But WHERE IS THE TRAD MUSIC? Come on manMy extended family was in town, and I was looking for a restaurant that could accommodate like 16 people at a moment's notice. Lo and behold, I found Irish House.
I had heard really good things, and my mom is a Food Network junkie, so she was extremely excited to eat somewhere a Chopped Champion worked!
We arrived a few minutes prior to the reservation time. We were brought over promptly to an area near a wailing minstrel woman. Okay. I get that it's the style. I should have expected this, right? I chalked that up to my mistake. The hostess then informs us that we'll be sitting on 4 separate tables of 4, only three of which were available. She told us to wait for the last table of four after these poor people eating their dinner got up, which I'm sure they heard and felt completely comfortable.
While my mother and my sister-in-law's mother started getting riled up about this inconvenient arrangement, a manager swoops by and lets us know there was a mistake and we're actually going to be seated at a large square table.
Our server came over to take our drink order promptly. We never got drink menus from the hostess. The poor guy scurried away to grab some for all 100 people we had.
I have no complaints about our server. He obviously had a lot on his plate, and was very knowledgeable about the menu and how to pair it with drinks.
The food was so average at best. I ordered the brie stuffed duck, which was so tough and gross. It was smothered in this sauce, which would have been better in smaller doses. Way too rich. My brother said his fish and chips weren't anything special. My sister enjoyed the bangers and mash, but if you messed that up at an Irish place, you'd probably close down.
Overall, I don't think I'd go there again, nor would I recommend larger groups to do so either. Maybe if you wanted to grab a few cocktails. Their bar menu was extensive and impressive.The wife and I dined here for breakfast, and based on the bangers alone, I can not give this place lower than 4 stars. They have some polishing to do, but you can tell that it is going to be a great establishment.This is a great place for brunch! Our server Aubrie was a delight. The scramble eggs were better than ihop's and the bacon simply divine. The Mamosa was perfectly balanced with its ingredients. Irish coffee was delicious. The sausage wasn't much to speak of. But the complementary soda bread made up for it. For dessert we had the toffee dessert and, simply put, it is heaven. this little place also has plenty of parking. Which as you know is an important commodity in New Orleans.Nice old school pub on St Charles..about a block from my hotel. Came here for breakfast / brunch on Saturday. I was greeted right away and impressed how clean it is. Sat on the bar and ordered Molly Malone Omelet (crab and shrimp, topped with lemon beurre blanc and served with roasted tomatoes, peppers and asparagus). Less than 10 minutes later, there it came. Creamy, velvety, and cooked just right. I could taste the fresh crab and shrimp in every bite. Accompanied by several Mimosas and my morning was satisfied. My bartender / server was extra friendly..professional. This place is a keeper for next time I visit Nawlins!Came here for Father's Day, and it didn't live up to the hype...  
1. The brandy milk punch tastes like melted ice cream mixed with half and half, sans brandy
2. My wife's cup of water smelled like old dish water (rotten egg smell)
3. The fries on my fish and chips were cold and soggy, probably fried 30 minutes before serving it to me.
4. Ran out of champagne glasses on a Sunday even though the place wasn't packed.For drinks, yes. They have great beers on tap and lots of special deals. 
Ambiance is good. So is location. 
Service is also great (quick, funny, professional). 
I've only had their food once, but that was a TOTALLY different story. 
I went for lunch and ordered the asparagus and portabella mushroom panini. First of all, it was NOT a panini. It was a sandwich served on cheap po-boy bread (the kind they have at Rouses), and not grilled. It was topped with a small serving of asparagus and mushrooms (not portabella) that had been cooked down, without spices or flavoring, in a saute pan and topped with relish--the kind you use on hot dogs. There was some sort of mayonnaise or white cheese vaguely there. That's it. A little stew of vegetables on a cold white bun. The "Fresh tomato" salad that the sandwich was supposed to come with did not appear either. It was replaced with store-bought coleslaw. For almost $10, this meal was very disappointing. 
My friend had the beef stew which was equally disappointing. Flavorless. Like something your great aunt cooked in a crock pot but she forgot to add salt, onions, or any flavorings. 
We were grateful we went for lunch because dinners here are really pricey. 
Again--this disappointing meal was no fault of the servers. Our waitress was fantastic, as were the other servers we saw around the place. And the drinks were good. Someone just needs to get in the kitchen and get some better recipes or something. With a prime location and beautiful building there's no reason for the food here to be so crappy (and overpriced!).I'm not sure if our night was an off night for the crew here, but nothing was very good. First, the live music just did not set the right mood. I get that they are trying to establish a pub atmosphere, but that's hard to square with an average entree price of $20. That said, the music could have been ignored if the food lived up to its reputation. 
Unfortunately it did not. The fish and chips missed on both texture and flavor. Both the breading and the fish were mushy, and the fish was severely under-seasoned. Again, either we went on a bad night for the kitchen or thee reviewers stating the fish and chips are "the best in town" simply don't know what they are talking about. The shepherd's pie was better (not saying much) but again, under-seasoned and just not what you'd expect from an Irish pub. 
To top it off, our waitress, while competent, was not exactly interested in our displeasure, which we were definitely not hiding. During my days of waiting tables, had I seen a guest obviously not enjoying him/herself, I would have made sure at least to inquire regarding the experience.We went here last night for my mom's birthday.  Pretty good but nothing blew me away.  The only thing they had for vegetarians was a potato and leek soup which was pretty good, but then again they don't at all advertise being somewhere for vegetarians.  Their desserts were good but overly rich and only one didnt contain alcohol.  Our server, Stevie, was really friendly but it seemed like she was waiting on half of the resturaunt so service was slightly slow at times.  But we didn''t mind because we were there for a special occaision.Food is very good - and always something going on. Just outside the Quarter and well worth stopping in for a pint or an enjoyable dinner.I really enjoy this place. The food is always good, if not excellent, and the drinks (particularly the beer/Guinness) is wonderful. It's a comfortable, fun, and relaxed atmosphere with great live music at certain times. The gift shop of Irish specialties is fun, as well. The brunch on Saturday and Sunday is very nice and very inexpensive. I love the full Irish breakfast, even some items on it are perhaps a little strange for many American tastes.
We go here usually once a week or so, so I'm obviously a fan.The BEST Irish coffee in the city! I've eaten and drank here and have never been disappointed. I love the talented and lively musicians that play traditional Celtic music during the week. The atmosphere is lovely and sitting at the bar gives one the feeling of being outside of NOLA and transported to a public house in Ireland! Thank you Chef Matt for consistency. Parking is the only thing that can be tricky, so bike, bus, or take the streetcar.I would give this place 5-stars just for the iced irish coffee, which I can't find anyplace to replicate...I think it has to do with the foam. Matt Murphy and my business partner go back a ways and him and his family are just the sweetest people (his wife Alicia is responsible for Fare on Magazine St) with an amazing story! The food and service were top-notch and the pub is straight out of Dublin, like Matt himself! Can't wait to bring my husband back here!!Really loved the ambiance of the place. Looked and felt like a real Irish pub (or my American impression of one). I liked the Celtic music that could be heard in the background.
Food: My favorite dish was the bangers and mash. The herbs in the sausages were tasty and not overpowering. They were also not as greasy as the usual sausage. None of the other food was bad, but it wasn't memorable, either.
The service that day was not ideal, but not terrible. Our waitress badgered to make a decision, stopping by our table 3 times in 10 minutes. After all that, the wait for our food was a bit long, even though the restaurant wasn't full. However, she was easy to reach whenever we needed something. 
Overall, I gave it 4 stars because while the meal was enjoyable at best, the restaurant itself seemed to put you in another world. It made me want to take a trip to  Ireland!
Oh yes, and there's also good parking. Gotta love places on St. Charles Ave with parking.They advertised from nola.com to an event website hosted by the CVB about Irish Week Block Party events happening at Irish House. The event was listed for two days on nola.com. None of the events happened as scheduled when I was there - nothing happened at all. There was no block party. I've pasted below. I ordered a drink that cost way too much and it was watered down with flat soda. I was exceptionally irritated, because I told other people about this non existent event. I will never go there again. I went to Finn McCools and had a great time. I should have gone there to begin with.
This is what was listed on the event website I went at 5 and waited an hour for something to happen. The events listed on their board out front did not match what was on the website below.
March 16, 2013
    Location: Irish House, The
    Address: 1432 St. Charles Avenue, New Orleans, LA 70130
    Times: 10:00 am
    Phone: 504-595-6755
    Venue: Irish House, The
    Visit Website
Add to Trip Planner
10:00am  Performance by Muggivan Irish Dancers
Always a crowd pleaser - featuring soft shoe and hard shoe performers from the Muggivan School of Irish Dance.
11:00am  "Littlest Leprechaun & Finest Fairy" Competitions
With prizes awarded to the wee ones!
11:45am Louisiana Rhymers & Toast to St. Patrick
12:00pm  Traditional Irish Music Session
All are invited to join in.
12:30pm  Guinness Stew Demo & Tasting
Check out Chef Matt's award winning Irish stew.
1:15pm Irish Trivia Contest
Test your knowledge of all things Irish and win some great prizes.
2:00pm  Music with Patrick Cooper
Can't find anything on this guy either.
5:00pm Jameson Girls & Irish Jameson Whiskey Basket Giveaway
5:15pm  Performance by 610 Stompers
Ordinary men.  Extraordinary moves.  Watch these fun, fashion forward gentlemen perform their Irish dancing best!
6:15pm  "Sexiest Irishman" Competition
Do you have what it takes?  Let us be the judge!
7:00pm Guinness Girls & Guinness Basket Giveaway
7:00pm Music with The Rowdy Maggie Band
Multi-instrumentalist Jacqui Sandor exhibits a soulful voice quality that blends well with whatever instrument or other voices that she sings with.  Her soulful timbre and vibrato, distantly reminiscent of her New Orleans, fit straight in with her material whether it be
a fine ol' folk song or seamlessly harmonizing with her Irish Celtic bandmates.
7:00pm Céilí
Traditionally, a céilí is a social gathering featuring Irish music and dance.  Dancing may be performed with as few as two people, as
many as sixteen and may also be danced with an unlimited number of couples in a long line or around in a circle.  Céilís at The Irish House
is a big, fun party with music, dancing and drinking! 
Families, experts and novices are all encouraged to join in.
All weekend long we will be trading "Cabbage for a Shot."
Turn in your cabbage after the parade and get a free shotBartender and atmosphere were great. I had the hamburger it was ok but my friends all liked their dishes and Betty was a great bartender.Spacious and good decor. We got wings and one of the larger wings was still cold in the center. They tasted great though and were pretty crispy. My fish and chips weren't anything especial. My wife got the hangar steak at $24 and the portion was ridiculously small (think quarter of what you normally get). She thought it was cooked and seasoned well. Drinks were good and the bartender was great. Probably wouldn't come back for food, but maybe drinksI've had breakfast here before and enjoyed it tremendously.  I went for dinner the first time tonight, as I had some time to burn.  I started with my favorite irish beer, Smithwicks (its pronounced Smit-ticks, don't embarrass yourself when you order one).  Ice cold and delicious.  The pub menu was appetizing and I went for the classic fish and chips.  The fish was lightly breaded and probably the best I've had since I was in Wales.  The breading was a little soggy, could have been crisper, but the flavor was awesome.  The chips were underwhelming.  Good tasted, but limp and soggy.  
I was getting ready to order the second round and switch to a Murphy's Stout for dessert, when a gentleman sitting next to me said "Murphys?  Have you had the Guinness here?"  First, I couldn't help but notice that his voice had a light irish brogue to it.  Suspicious, but in fact he came over from Ireland when he finished college and settled in New Orleans.  Been here for 25 years.  "I don't drink Guinness out of Ireland, but I drink it here," he said.  Sealed it for me, so i got one.  Good decision, because it was magnificent.  The bartender explained the science behind the perfect Guinness pull - it was about the color, the nitrogen/CO2 mixture, the temperature and the angle of the glass.  Whatever, but he had a PhD in Guinness, as it was the best I've ever had.  I'll be back for the beer alone, and am seriously considering ordering a Guinness with my next breakfast here.I had the Truffled Chicken, Wild Mushroom, Smoked Gouda and Cilantro Tart drizzled with truffle oil $9.75 and it was delicious. Great combination of flavored! Hubby had traditional bangers and mash which was very authentic!  Good beer choices and cocktails. Average price for tourist location. Proportions were large, service was good and ambiance was that of a nicer upscale Irish pub house .Tried it again. Came for brunch with 5 other people. They set us right next to a speaker of a guy playing a guitar that was really loud. We asked to move so we can talk....when the waitress is acting everyone to repeat themselves, you know it was loud.
Took 15-20 mins for our drink orders...5 mimosas, not really hard. Took another 40-45 minutes to bring out food. I noticed someone's food had been sitting there for a really long time...sucked to be them. Waitress was really nice but hardly ever around. 2 times service was terrible, will not be returning.My wife and I stumbled upon the Irish House after strolling through the Garden District.  We had a wonderful lunch and Ms. Betty provided much needed libations.  I strongly suggest the Corned Beef and Cabbage sandwich.  Quite frankly, if I lived within walking distance this would be my kind of neighborhood bar.The full Irish breakfast is perfection! But phone-in your toast order because it takes fooooorever! If you want an extra sausage (it comes with one) it will cost you $2.75 because they only will sell you two!....how about one for $1.50? A sausage sold is a sausage eaten!
Oh, just a point......if the Shepherd"s Pie is made with beef its a Cottage Pie.....just saying!We stopped by to listen to live music and grab a pint. This is a great spot for Irish fun. Check it out!Our food took over an hour, but we didnt mind waiting for the food because it was actually pretty great. Our server took over half an hour to bring out a coffee and other drinks. We split our tabs up and all the bills were wrong, even after we told our waitress the correct orders. The actual
Lunch took an hour, and the checking out process took over 2 hours because our server was nowhere to be found. When we complained about our service and the automatic gratuity that had been added to our tab, the manager implied that our waitress was "probably hungover as it was the day after st. Patricks day". Instead of offering us free drinks or trying to adjust our tab, the manager offered us a business card. A business card does not make up for the fact that we wasted over 2 hours trying to figure out the check situation.We stayed right near The Irish House and absolutely loved it!  The atmosphere is perfect and feels like a genuine Irish pub.
The service:  The people are extremely nice here, but the first night we visited, they were SO slow to serve us our drinks (we didn't order food).  They apologized and also gave us all free gumbo which was a very nice gesture, but we had just eaten and giving us the drinks for free would have been more appropriate.
The Food:  It was pretty darn good.  Not our favorite as far as our experience in NOLA, but the atmosphere and staff nearly make up for it.  The food is good, don't get me wrong.  We even ate Easter Brunch there and it was very good.  My son said his waffle with berries was the best he's ever had.  My husband got the chicken and waffle and did not care for it.  He said chicken and waffle combos usually don't come with BBQ chicken so that kind of threw him off.
They have a cute little store in the back of the restaurant with various Irish items to purchase which I though was a nice touch.  The outdoor seating area was very nice as well.
Overall one of our favorite places in NOLA.The Irish House is in a tall, narrow, deep wood frame building on the River side of St. Charles Avenue. The exterior and interior are elaborately and tastefully designed in an Irish "homey" theme. The wait staff are friendly and professional. We ordered a Tuesday special: two Fish & Chips for the price of one and draft beer (had Smithwick's) for $4.00 per pint. The fish meal, while ordinary, was delicious and not at all greasy. The seltzer bread with butter appetizer was interesting. Also, their tartar sauce was quite nice. I'd most certainly head back to this place! RJTOk, the food is suuuuuuuuper delicious. But, things are a bit slow and the prices are higher than they should be. That being said, still a sold 4 stars for the tasty Irish Fare. They often have live music too, so bonus.  The happy hour prices & the small bites are perfect. (Price & taste-wise!)Don't waste your time!  You have to have a lot of it to go here.  The service was incredibly slow; my husband didn't get his first beer brought to him until he was close to finished with his meal!  The food was ok at best.  The shepherds pie was basically burger and mashed potatoes, you had to go on a treasure hunt for any peas or carrots.
If I was Matt Murphy I wouldn't want this type of endorsement.I ordered the Gravy Boat for brunch- it was the perfect hangover cure. I've been here a few times and have never ordered anything that I didn't like.Irish House
What an upbeat tavern!  This was the perfect place to enjoy St. Paddys Day. Great food, Great service and Great entertainment.  The crowd was definitely ready for a fun time and they got it.  So glad we made the trip to this Irish Pub.A great place if in need of horrific service. Please go and enjoy being ignored for 30 mins after being seated in a half empty restaurant. And when you bring it up, you can watch the wait staff social hour as you relax in your chair some more. I went for a late brunch on a weekend, and I'm pretty sure I was served by dinner.Just a terrific lunch experience. So glad it's near my office! 
I've not been to Ireland, but have visited England and must say the menu here is much like what I saw in English pubs, with a nod to Louisiana sensibilities I might add!
I ordered the Guinness beef stew, and readily recommend it. The stew had everything going for it, delicious broth and fresh herbs. I truly cannot imagine a thing I would have changed about it. The chicken pot pie I spied at the next table was a source of envy, and has inspired my next visit!
Quick lunch, terrific service, great dining room.We so wanted to love this place. The first sign was how empty it was... We didn't care, we wanted to support the chef. My son and I are Food Channel junkies and Chopped fans. 
We ordered the fried buffalo oysters with coleslaw. (11.95). The oysters were mushy. The coleslaw was sauce with some cabbage. It wasn't edible. 
Next we ordered fish and chips (16.95). The fish was good, but four very small pieces. The chips were French fries that were not hot and not crispy. A fry can be hot and not crispy or crispy but not hot. Not hot and flaccid is a double negative. 
I ordered a Shirley Temple for my son. It was good except it sat before it was served and the ice had started to water it down. 
The staff are super nice. The disappointing food wasn't their fault.Had a fun St. Patrick's Day dinner here and  enjoyed the ambiance and good food.  Hard to find corned beef and cabbage, but they had it and it was delicious.  Would definitely recommend for feeling Irish on St. Patrick's Day!We were staying in a BNB down the road and had to pass this place to get the St. Charles streetcar. We passed on this place until our last several hours in NOLA. We had seen mixed reviews on a gluten free site.
My wife is GF and we have no idea what those posters we talking about. One commented on a short GF menu.
This GF menu was one of the best we had ever seen!
I had the bangers and mash which was awesome and my wife had sliced corned beef over mashed potatoes and cabbage. It was to die for. I'm glad she shared a little.
It also helped that it was $3 pint specials as well.
Hats off to the chef!The two stars this place has earned from me are both for the irish coffee I ordered. WOW! I'd give it a 5 but don't order anything else at this place. Nothing interesting about the food and really nothing on the menu for a vegetarian during lunch (not even a salad).