Great food here! We had the spicy pimento cheese with toast points to start with - amazing! All four of us got something different and all were great. Service was friendly and fantastic.Wow! Best place to cure a hangover. Had the chicken and waffles with a bloody Mary. All were amazing. The staff was great we were from out of town and they gave us a list of all the local hangouts so we could experience the real Nola.This place was the worst restaurant experience Ive ever had. I give this place 3 months before the door closes permanently.  The bartender didn't know the price difference between a single and a double cocktail, and I had to essentially order her to find out the prices. The owner insisted to bring us out a sample of an oxtail signature dish, and I inquired if it was made with any gluten products as I suffer with a digestive disorder (not preference) and made an offensive sarcastic remark about how this inconvenienced him. The dish wasn't that impressive anyway to say the least. It tasted like your grandmothers roast with brown gravy  over rice. Nothing spectacular to say the least, and nothing an indigenous New Orleans native would go out of his way for. Quinticential over promising all the while under delivering.
Moreover, the owner then began to give us his life story about him and his exact words were that "he lived in a van down by the river" in Sacramento, and also proceeded to bad mouth US military service members (Marines specifically) when he lived in San Diego and did "Israeli hand-to-hand combat training with them. Keep in mind I did 15 years active duty in the Marines so this was especially offensive to me. I'm sorry ur such a product of so many bad choices buddy. The look on the bartenders face as he proceeded to make an ass of himself was priceless. The friend I was with agreed with me that it was the most uncomfortable conversation he ever saw. I asked the bartender how business was here, and she gave me a less than positive response. Not hard to see why. Save ur hard earned money and go somewhere else and save yourself the agony of dealing with imbeciles. Anyone is welcome to contact me at 504-564-4360 in regards to this establishment.Really loved this place. Bacon happy hour meant delicious, crispy bacon and lots of wine. The staff were friendly, and I truly enjoyed everything we ate, which included:
* Fried green tomatoes - love the remoulade and shrimp and crispy batter.
* The pork chop - HUGE, and perfectly cooked with an amazing sear. NOMNOM.
* Great biscuits on the side, amazing beans and their greens were sweet and tangy and the perfect texture.
Will definitely be back!Had a very nice brunch at this Cafe with great service and even better food.Spicy pimento cheese appetizer was great.Amazing local eatery. I had the 2 eggs and it was great but the real star was the biscuit. It was great. Brunch with mimosas is always a good idea!Great breakfast -- good OMG scramble with lots of flavors. The bananas foster pain perdu was delicious with bacon.  Biscuits were good.I don't know if we came on an off day or what but our food was extremely bland. There just wasn't any flavor. We both added salt and hot sauce and was still very meh. Very unlikely that I'll ever go back, however, they seem to have decent happy hour drink prices if you're around in the neighborhood. The staff was pleasant - food was just totally flavorless and blah. The grits didn't have flavor, the sauce didn't taste like anything, and the chicken needed some serious addition of some sort of spices. It did look nice though, I really wanted to like it.Unfortunately I will not be trying this place. I walked passed it one day, looked at the menu and the prices. Then I looked inside. The prices do not match the atmosphere. Too pricey to be an underwhelmed diner.Do not get the corn & avocado salad.   It was the size of a dinner side salad.  I had chicken added, might have had 4 bites!!  $18.   The rest of the party said the food was just ok.   Burrito dinner, oxtail dinner, and drunkin chicken dinner.  Happy hour drinks- not the best.The menu is very limited. A little pricy for lunch. Ordered the Asian Tuna Wrap (seared ahi tuna, spinach, shredded cabbage, jalapenos, cilantro, toasted sesame seed, ginger-ponzu sauce). This did not include a side (menus doesn't indicate wether it did or not) nor was I offered one until after my meal came to the table. The Tuna was not prepared properly, it was supposed to be seared but some pieces were completely raw. They may have been having a bad day but I'm not likely to return.  The iced tea was good and the waiter did keep my class filled.I've eaten here twice now, in the hopes that the first time was just a fluke.  But sadly, this place just IS NOT GOOD.  All the food is bland, and nothing tastes homemade.  The fries are soggy with zero seasoning, the corn bread was so dry it hurt, the bread used for the sandwiches was basic store bought white bread, the black beans and rice have zero flavor, and the "famous" fried chicken was under-cooked (pink in the middle!), soggy, and bland at best.  For the prices they are asking, this should have been WAY better.  I'm so disappointed in this place because I love eating local and had such high hopes for this place.  But it's just TERRIBLE.I'm so sad to see this place closed! We went here TWICE in one day a few months back (over Halloween weekend). We loved the food and the service. We were searching for it again today, and unfortunately saw it was closed. I hope it comes back!This is now my favorite new spot!  I ordered the Benedict and it was by far the best I've had in the city! The staff was super friendly and the food was prepared very quickly.The gumbo was fantastic, best I've had in the city so far. Fish and chips were perfection. Service and vibe great. We will be back for sure.Had dinner here last week and brunch today. Great food great help nice atmosphere. Definitely come here for Sunday brunch! Get a Kat pour Mimosa to go with it!!I was excited to try this new restaurant and I wanted to wait a while before I went in hopes most of the kinks were worked out.  First, the plates that came out with the appetizers were filthy with actual dirt.  We had the smoked tuna dip and hummus. Both were just ok. We ordered the fried chicken and ribs. I was anticipating ribs being cooked for long hours infused with spice and smoke flavor.  The ribs came out cold and tough. The black eye peas with rice were good. Could have been hotter, but still had a good flavor. The potato salad was a little running and had more mayo for my liking. For the fried chicken dinner, there was a breast, a drumstick, and chicken strip.  Both breast and drumstick were burnt.  The chicken on the bone seemed to be double fried. The breading was more brown than golden, and underneath the breading, the chicken skin was black. No exaggeration. Black. I am more disappointed that the chef and server would let the dish make it table side. After trying to just peel back the burnt breading and skin, we discovered the burntness permeated the meat which made it inedible. The single chicken strip was good.  The greens were also good with a spicy kick.   The cornbread was a bit dry.  The noodles in the pimento mac and cheese was over cooked and I didn't think the pimento flavor added any value to the Mac and cheese.  The restaurant needs some work before we can return.This is my second time going and I have loved everything! The potato salad is killer!! The burrito is great also!!  The fish tacos,  burgers and chicken were also great! (Of course I had to try everyone's food at our table). Definitely check it out!!This was recommended by a friend who knows the owner so we were excited to try it. We had a party of 11. The atmosphere was nice. The food was just ok (not worth $80 for 2 people) and salads came out with the food. The problem came when the waiter brought the check. All the food on one check. He got a major attitude when we asked to split it even asked a girl at our table if she wanted to go with him to his POS system to see that it couldn't be done. It took him about 20-30 minutes to run our cards. We don't live in New Orleans but definitely won't be recommending this to friends.Came for brunch. Ordered the Prytania fried chicken Benedict and the chicken and waffles. Both dishes were delicious although I think the Prytania was the better of the two. Found the chicken and waffles to be to sweet after eating half of the plate. Makes sense why it's under their sweets menu items. Ordered some ranch and that did the trick. We both finished every bite of our food.Was a bit concerned after reading a few tepid reviews, but four of us ate lunch today at The Flying Pig, and really liked everything we ordered! 
Two of us had the shredded pork sandwich, which had a slight kick to it, and was delicious. The other two ordered the BLTT - four thick strips of smoked bacon with lettuce and tomatoes, both fresh and fried. Again, a winner. 
Sides were collard greens with lots of ham seasoning (terrific), macaroni and pimento cheese (too good!), and a mayonnaise-based potato salad (excellent). 
We were stuffed, but the friendly waitress, who called everybody "Love," convinced us to share the creamy cheesecake with a crispy graham cracker crust. Oh my! Fabulous! Not even a crumb remained. Next time, maybe we'll try the chocolate peanut butter pie! 
And, yes, there will be a next time. This is a welcome addition to Uptown (next door to Creole Creamery).This place is amazing, the best southern food I've had! In less than a week, we eaten there 3 times. 
For dinner I had the fried chicken, fried green tomatoes, the potato salad - all of which were all amazing, but the collard greens... the collard greens were the best I've ever had.
The second time we came here, we came for the brunch. I had a bloody mary and the st. croix - which was rice w/ peas, 2 eggs on top with plantains. Yum.
And the third time I had the fish tacos, side of mac n cheese and the vodka cured salmon - sooo, good. I left there with a stomach ache because I couldn't stop eating. I definitely recommend checking this place out, nothing on the menu is over $20, so eat up!Just took my kids here. Great food along the line of Surreys but with lots more varieties and better hours.Went here on our last night in town and they didn't disappoint! Shrimp and grits, collard greens, and chicken n waffles were amazing... apparently they just opened, I highly recommend eating here for dinner, but I'm sure brunch is great as well.Great friendly staff and amazing service. Food came out prompt and very well made. Definitely coming back.Thought it was a unique stop for the family en route to the zoo. Good location, nice decor. Nice vibe and waitresses attentive. The expedient and efficient service with no weird vibes saved this review from a 2 or 3 star rating rating though.
When we were being seated by the owner and chef, he was kind but twice made bizarre and troubling references to my 1 year old daughter as a thing. Called her "that thing" and "it" while setting up a high chair. I assume it was a distasteful choice at humor. 
The menu was limited, though for a startup cafe it's unrealistic to expect a deep and diverse inventory to support a deep and diverse menu. 
I got the Vineyard sandwich with potato salad which were both underwhelming. Small sandwich for its price, very dry and ok. The potato salad was soupy and not very interesting. 
Kids tender meal was super tough chicken. Wife got cochon de lait. It was pretty good, though hollandaise was needing some attention. Barely could recognize the hollandaise over the yolk. 
Waitresses were super friendly, fast and never we needed anything before they returned. 
Watched the saints game on a well placed TV in the back area, interesting art, and great ambience. 
Id return if I had a reason, but I wouldn't go out of my way due to the prices and quality of the food. 
Despite strange initial encounter, owner was extremely kind and spent time engaging my son and patiently conversing with him. 
I think that due to the whole idea of the Cafe being unique surrounding pork, and having a great name with an owner who clearly has good vision and personality, this place will do well. 
God bless!I can't get enough of this place - working my way down the menu, although I get stuck on something I fall in love with so it is taking me awhile to work my way down. The wait staff has always been friendly and service is great! It's a great laid back atmosphere - my 3yo loves it and the food! Can't wait until I go back to try something new! 
I have been stuck on the goat cheese and spinach omelet and have been getting the poblano chutney to put on top - YUM!! And the mussel appetizer - SO good - my 3yo always grabs a spoon and eats the sauce like it is a soup when we are all done with the mussels! Love the unique menu - so many different things to try and LOVE that now you can get breakfast/brunch at any time!! Can never go wrong there!!
This particular visit we were with a party of 11. I called ahead telling them about the large party and the table was set up and ready for us! Unfortunately we did not ask the waiter to split the check prior to ordering. At the end we realized and asked him to split it - he explained it would take some extra time due to the way the system worked but was willing to do it for us. It did take some time for him to redo everything but he was very accommodating - definitely made sure he got an extra nice tip for helping us out!!  I can't say enough good stuff about this restaurant!!Probably the best Fish & Chips I've ever had. Service was great and the music they played.  Highly recommended.I don't think they taste anything before they send it out.  Been there on different occasions and everything is completely bland, no taste at all.  The fish tacos may have been the worst I've ever had, and don't even get me started on the rice that came with it - DISGUSTING!  I've heard from many other people that the rice is inedible.  Went for brunch another day and that was ok but not the best, still most of it was bland, no seasoning whatsoever.  Will not be returning. 
The only pro is that the staff is nice and personable.We had to try this place for brunch. With a name like Flying Pig, how could we go wrong? The decor is welcoming, with space between tables, so you aren't on top of the folks at the next table. TV behind the bar with the game on, but not too loud to have to talk over it. The menu offered so many choices of delectables, it was looking like it would be hard to choose. However, after seeing the Cochon de Lait, and thinking that would be my choice, the next item was the OMG! I knew that was for me.  The food was delicious! And, the portion provided enough to get my fill plus a large take home amount. And, the staff took our plates and boxed our food for us. The prices were very reasonable. The staff was so friendly, even came outside to chat with us as we enjoyed a smoke on the outside benches, offering to deliver another mimosa to us outside. Thumbs up & I will be a return customer.We shuffled in for an early brunch (WHO goes to early brunch?? The whole point is sleeping in!!!) There was a SCREAMING child in the front room and one look at the waitress and she sat us in a separate dining area. I will never forget that act of kindness!! 
Drinks were excellent, and food was great!!! I had a chicken biscuit situation - asked them to hold the tasso gravy and they did AND it was still delicious. My husband had the OMG and literally said "oh my god" when they brought it out. It's not pretty but he cleaned his plate and loved every single thing. 
The space is dark and the color scheme is odd (cream, lilac and coral) so it's not a particularly beautiful space but it's comfortable and clean and well managed and excellently staffed. We will definitely be back.I was in NOLA for Voodoo Fest & decided to check out this new restaurant. The place was charming & comfortable. The staff...completely awesome, friendly & attentive, never had to ask for anything! I tried the special that evening, Oxtail Pasta, I had never eaten Oxtail but went for it anyway. It was so savory & delicious, glad I had leftovers! Because of my great experience, decided to go back for brunch on Sunday. Again, tried the special, Cowgirl Omelet. Again, Amazing! Filled with everything delicious & topped with amazing black bean sauce goodness! Seriously, try this place once & you'll be back too!Pretty good food, though the menu is all over the place. Had to knock stars off for the service - I asked the waitress about the specials and she said there were none. I pointed to the board and said what about those? Ah, she said, yes - then finally explained what they were. Odd that a Benedict would be made with toast and not a biscuit, even though they serve biscuits on other dishes. And no, they don't substitute.  Huh? Ok that wasn't the waitress's fault. Also one of the cooks walked out so the food was slow to come out of the kitchen. Sounds like the restaurant as a whole has some glitches getting set up.Went here for the first today for lunch-it was so good! Really delicious and original menu items, and the service was wonderful. I'll definitely be back!Such a great little addition to its strip on Prytania! I came here for brunch with two friends and we all really enjoyed our meals. 
The service was very friendly, attentive, and happy to accommodate our modifications to our orders. One of my friends ordered the Cochon du lait eggs Benedict which had absolutely delicious pork on it and the other ordered a fried chicken Benedict sort of thing which she devoured. They were even able to accommodate my whole 30 requests (though to much less interesting results than my counterparts: I got some tasty scrambled eggs, fruit, and breakfast potatoes which were DELICIOUS). 
Overall I will certainly be coming back here to check out their dinner and happy hour offerings. Not only because we enjoyed our meal but because the couple who owns this place seem very sweet and have a great backstory (its apparently been their dream to open up a restaurant). Hoping this place does very well!Quick overview - service is excellent; bar is above expectations; food is a complete hit or a complete miss depending on the dish. This is a great place for happy hour, brunch, or watching sports. Hopefully the stars increase the longer they're around, and the more menu items I eat. 
DRINKS: great happy hour specials on glasses & bottles of wine and beer. Surpringly great wine selection in general, and very intriguing cocktails on the menu. 
SERVICE: everyone is very nice, and accommodating - this was probably the highlight of our visit to have such great service from mulitple people that night. 
FOOD: I really wish the food was better, especially for the prices. They definitely need to work on menu descriptions. We started off with the smoked tuna dip and pita - ummm, it's like chunky tuna salad with huge slices of lightly baked pita bread. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Definitely not what I expected. Rename or maybe remove from the menu. Looking over the rest of the menu, I do get a disjointed feel from some of the dishes on the lunch/dinner side. Based on the name, I expected a few more pork dishes, but I was pleasantly surprised to see a vegetarian dish and plenty of seafood options. I opted for the fish tacos with pimento mac & cheese as the side. Tacos were very, very good. Portion size was larger than expected, which made the price feel fair. Fish was cooked beautifully, and accompliments made the dish. Unfortunately the Mac & Cheese was not good - not pimento flavored as expected - not worth the upcharge at all. My husband had the daily special, which he thought was very good, but slightly over priced based on the small portion size. Thankfully we decided to split dessert - a very rare descision for us. The peanut butter fudge tastiness that was put in front of us was perfection!My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch yesterday.  We did not think we wanted anything like brunch but then we saw what our neighbor at the bar was delivered. We decided to order the Cochon de lait benedict. This pork was excellent although my wife thought it was a little on the sweet side.  We also got the collard greens on the side.  These were a little on the sweet side and had just a hint of heat.  Although we are tourists and won't be back soon I would love to try some more tasty dishes...Leslie Knope: "Why would anybody ever eat anything besides breakfast food?" 
Ron Swanson: "People are idiots, Leslie."
Truer words have never been spoken and breakfast is life even when it's lunch, so when I saw that The Flying Pig was having a $13 for $25 worth of food deal on Groupon, I jumped on it.
It was after a photo shoot and I was starving because I don't eat before those things, so I knew that it was Flying Pig time. I stopped in shortly after lunch time on a Saturday and it was pretty dead, which I was happy about because more food for me. I had been eyeing the menu online and I decided on the Prytania on the pictures alone. This is poached eggs, tasso cream sauce on top of fried chicken. Uh...yeah. You get a side and I got the grits because I love grits and for my bread I got corn bread because #South.
"Oh you went to a place called The Flying Pig and got chicken?" Aw yeah. This poached egg/chicken combo was amazing. The eggs were perfect and runny and the chicken was crispy and juicy. Once you get past the whole "cradle to the grave" thing with the egg/chicken combo, you're good to go. Seriously, this was a fantastic dish. The grits were fantastic as well. I almost messed around and got an order of shrimp and grits as my "side", but I decided to not go crazy. The corn bread was excellent, as corn bread mostly is, and it wasn't dry at all.
We also got an order of fried green tomatoes that were fantastic. They were lightly fried and topped with a delicious sauce. 
Because The Flying Pig knows what's up, they serve their full menu all day. You can get breakfast for dinner if you want. It's like a neighborhood diner, but fancy. I wish I had gotten the waiter's name because he was so sweet and was on top of things and made sure that my corn bread was nice and warm when it got to me. Food came really fast, I'm sure because no one else was there and I loved all of it. Believe me, I'll be keeping an eye out for another Groupon and I'll be eating at The Flying Pig again, no matter what.I met up with a friend here to catch up after work. Of course when dining after work one needs a cocktail. Considering my long short week I decided to go with the Flying Pigtini.  It was the perfect martini to end my day and start the night off.  The bartender asked how I liked it and he made it perfectly! Next I had the fried green tomatoes.  The batter on it was outstanding.  It was like it's own little treat.  The remoulade and shrimp did not disappoint either.  Next I had the Gulf Fish Lafayette.  It was light and vibrant.  To end the night my friend and I split the homemade cheesecake with fruit compote.  It was so delicious.  The crust was buttery and yummy, the filing was creamy and delicious and the fruit complemented the entire thing.  My friend had the hummus plate as an appetizer. I really liked the pita (I don't eat hummus) For dinner she had the shrimp and grits.  While not traditional, it was perfect.  The grits were creamy and the shrimp/sauce were delicious! I highly recommend.  I can't wait to go back for brunch!Went for brunch. Loved it! They were great with the kids and we all loved the food. Try the Lily Cakes if you like sweet pancakes! We had smoked tuna dip which was perfect. And I snuck several bites of my friend's fried chicken eggs Benedict and that will be my next order when we go back. Really nice staff!I came here last night with a friend.  About 7:45pm.  One tabble with a couple and 2 young little girls.  The bar tender reached over the side of the bar asked if we wanted a drink.  My friend said what is in the champagne cocktail?  He said sparkling wine...umm that's not champagne.  She asked how much he said $3.65..Oh, it's happy hour til 8pm.  She ordered 2 and I got 2 glasses of rose. Awful and very cheap! I read that they are known for their specialty shrimp and grits...AWFUL!  Obviously, they are not from here....Tasted off, it was so watery like soup.  Had small grape tomatoes cut in half and spinach. Who does that.  Zero flavor and the shrimp were gummy.  Very disappointed.  We both had a biscuit on the side.  The biscuit looked homemade and very large in size. I asked for butter...I opened the little container and repeatedly told my fiend that the butter was off.  It didn't taste right..She smelled it...It was mayonnaise!  GROSS!!!  Big mistake.  I understand this place is new, but I have to tell you...it won't make it!  Alos, we git the bill we gave 2 debit cards...sat for 15 minutes the machines weren't working correctly.  Obviously, no one has been to culinary school much less had a restaurant before.  I hope they turn things around.  I will NOT be returning.Phenomenal Pimiento Mac N Cheese and great smoked tuna dip! The area needs this restaurant!Food was amazing. It was so hard to make a decision. Luckily we had a large party (party of 9) so we were able to order different items and try a little of everything. I highly recommend "The Prytania", it was delicious. The Mac and Cheese was awesome...had to stop myself from eating the whole thing. The topper for me was the "Kat Pour Mimosa"...that is the way you are supposed to pour a drink. For only being open 3 days...kudos to the owner and staff. The staff was very attentive. We were a big group with a lot of special requests and the staff did not skip a beat. I would highly recommend the Flying Pig. I definitely will be back.Came for dinner. Happened to be during happy hour (see pictures for prices).
Initial impression: it was empty at 7 PM, the young blonde waitress was sweet, personable, and happy, very dark in here (it worked better for a sushi restaurant), feels lower end- kind of reminds me of an inexpensive diner, there was a worker smoking cigarettes and opening bottles of booze on the sidewalk outside ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The food: I ordered deviled eggs, mussels, blackened fish, peas, and caesar salad. It all came out very quickly!
Mussels: dagnabit. I really wanted these to be good, but the cream tasted sour. Delachaise is a bar and has much better mussels. 1/5
Caesar salad: definitely a unique spin on caesar dressing, i liked it. 4/5
Blackened fish: i didn't know it was possible to be bland but incredibly hot at the same time. The fish was VERY spicy, heat spice, but not flavorful at all. The veggies with it were bleh. 1/5
Field peas: average, slightly overcooked. Flavor was okay. I REALLY love peas, so this hurt almost as much as the mussels. 3/5
Deviled eggs: good, not great, yolk stuffing was rather runny. 3/5
Homemade pickles: taste like Christmas potpourri. Exactly like Christmas scents- cinnamon, pine tree. AWFUL! 0/5. 
Overall: large serving sizes, very quick service, excellent waitstaff, food is not very good. I only enjoyed the caesar salad.
The owner appeared to be in the building (saw his picture on the website), but he did not introduce himself to the 6 people total in the restaurant... which was a letdown.
I really wanted to like this place, but the mussels and pickles were nasty... and everything else was just okay.
If you want to try this place, wait a few months for them to work out the kinks. The waitresses are incredible; wish I could come back to be served by them!They are now serving brunch EVERY DAY!!! This place just seems to be getting better. It's my new fave foodie spot uptown. The Prytania Benedict is better than good and their pork chop with poblano chutney is AMAZING. The service is super attentive without being annoying. Do yourself a favor and CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!I came to New Orleans last weekend to visit friends and this was definitely my favorite spot. Really charming atmosphere and the food was superb. Best part was definitely the bartender (Aiden? Aidan?) He made easily one of the best Sidecars I've had the pleasure to drink and also knew seemingly everything about drinks.I can speak for one of their bartenders here who is top notch at slinging the booze. He will hook you up. So what if a mimosa is my drink of choice? It takes a practiced hand to pour those just right! It's a new place so have an open mind and give it a try.Awesome place--very inviting and the service is super. The club sandwich is fantastic and they have a great selection of wine and beer!!! I can't wait to go back for brunch!I needed a quick snack to hold me until dinner so I stopped in and sat at the bar!
I ordered the smoked tuna dip
With pita chips. I was surprised when I received what looked like a chunky tuna salad with large pieces of pita bread. I tried it was didn't like it at all. I was expecting a dip. I suppose it would be good for someone who likes chunky pieces of tuna. I also ordered a martini since it was my birthday ! The martini was great! I do plan to return to try something else but recommend that the dishes are better and more accurately described on the menu.This weekend was my 1st time to the Flying Pig and I will definitely be back! We had a large party (11) and the staff was very accommodating and even had the tables ready before we got there. I had the OMG omelet and it was delicious! Despite having a large group, our food arrived quickly and hot. Serving size was very generous and including a soda my bill was $18 not including tip. Serving size was large enough for me to have the leftovers for a full breakfast the next morning. There was a little issue with getting our bill separated on 10 different cards but it was handled well within a short period of time. Great place to meet up with friends and I can't wait to come back next time I'm in New Orleans!Had brunch, The Prytania and it was the bomb.  Food and service was excellent.  Lots of food for the price.  Lunch Wednesday here and had the Fish Tacos.  So amazing and good.  Will be back more often for sure.  New go to spot Uptown.I waited to go on day 2 of the newly opened cafe-and I love a good brunch menu so I was extremely happy that I wasn't disappointed!!!  My goat cheese and spinach omelet was awesome!!!!!  My daughter loved her Lilly cakes-the chocolate sauce was a nice touch!;). Our waiter was spot on and so friendly!  And loved my kat pour mimosa!  Everyone's food looked so good that I went back the next day with my family.  My son ate two bowls of the mac and cheese-and I again had a hard time choosing what to eat-burger was delicious-fish tacos were great-and the club sandwich was huge which gave us leftovers!!;). We had a waitress on her first day and she did awesome!!;). Waited maybe an extra 5 minutes for our check to come back-but who cares-we knew we were going to a restaurant on their first weekend open -and they over exceeded our expectations!!!!  Will be going back for the Prytania and another kat pour!!!