We paused at the Organic Banana near the French Market because we saw the barista making the most amazing drinks with fresh fruit. I opted for a strawberry daiquiri and was simply stunned that all that went in was a pile of strawberries, ice, a simple syrup, and local rum. I have NEVER had a daiquiri so good. My friend got the tropical daiquiri, and hers was primarily made of pineapple and utterly delicious. Did I mention it was only $6--much cheaper than the icky oversweetened drinks on Bourbon Street? A MUST STOP if you're in the French Quarter, tourist OR local.These frozen drinks are great! Staff is really polite and they whip these frozen drinks up quick! So much better than the premixed daiquiris that are in the machines around town. I had the pina colada and my husband had the chocolate one (cant remember its name but there were only 2 to choose from and this one was the chocolate one, which was very chocolatey but good!). Going back today to get my fix before we leave.If you want a real daiquiri, The Organic Banana is definitely the best I've had. They're not shy on having a heavy hand, and their blend of fruits is everything. The perfect companion for the French Market.This place is down in the French market and surprised us. You can get a normal smoothie with no alcohol in it or you can get a New Orleans style smoothie and spice it up. I had what I think was called the funky monkey which was chocolate, banana, rum.
Prices are very reasonable and the staff was fun to watch. They take their job seriously and are very good at making a show out of making your smoothie. The second or third time we were there they were training several new people. And there is a very specific way to make each smoothie with metered bottles on the juices and rum. There are recipes for them to look at while they learn, but it was pointed out that they were expected to memorize then in short order.
Fun place to stop in for breakfast or lunch.When in New Orleans , visiting the French Market with a bloody Mary is a must. These guys make the best. Fun environment, freshly made with creamy horseradish and pickles green beans. AMAZING tasty and refreshing.the smoothies are great! Fresh fruit that you can see, not the premise gross stuff that other places haveWe got two frozen drinks I can't remember what they were called. Saw the bartender pour a decent amount in but didn't really taste any strength to the drinks they were tasty though solid 3.5.I have had margaritas from hundreds of places but none come even close to this place! We come here every time we are in New Orleans (for many years) and the drinks have always been consistent (and good!) no matter who made it. You MUST come here if you are in New Orleans.Very refreshing.  Had an alcoholic mango rum drink and it was good.  The bartender was very considerate with the rum...yum!This is the best real daiquiris shop I have seen in New Orleans. The Organic Banana uses real juices and makes your frozen daiquiris right in front of you in minutes. They also use really good local rums and alcohols. Although the drinks are a bit expensive the quality meets the price.Good drinks on a hot day.  Get in Jessica's line, she's the fastest bartender there.the drinks are good, but no more New Orleans spiced rum, some what over priced, but what really hacked me off is the lazy staff who closed early, took the orders of the people in front of me, and told me to go away. I will, for good. Thanks for the laziness, plenty of places to get daiquiris in Louisiana, don't get to full on your self.The drinks are amazing but the woman who made them is probably the first mean southerner I've met. If you go here (which you should because their bloody marys kill hangovers) avoid the woman bartender because she may start yelling. I'd give this place a 1000 just for their drinks but a 0 for customer service.Want a good frozen drink? Here! 
Price is well worth & it's doing the trick ;) 
If you like run and chocolate- flaming monkey is really good (especially if you add banana)Shut up and take my money... Dirty Banana gets 5 STARS.
It's perfect for the muggy heat and crowded French MarketSo you're walking through New Orleans and see a random smoothie/daquiri bar in the middle of the French Market. Which happens to be a fairly if not extremely touristy area. Yet, it's in the healthier part and aww hell you know if you want a smoothie you're going to try it.
Well, it was absolutely the right vibe at the time. The banana smoothie was basically a milkshake, and an amazing one at that. Chocolate + banana in a smoothie? Yes please.
Go here. Toss all vanity aside, and get one of those banana smoothies, as they are amazing.I first saw Organic Banana on a stroll through the French Market on Decatur/N Peters St.  I ordered a Bloody Mary, and it was spicy and mmmmmmmm good.  Organic ingredients made it taste really fresh, and organic beans and olives garnished the 16(?) ounce beverage.  If you like a kick with your "Mary," without being pushed over the edge, this is a good place for you.
The second time around, I ordered the Pina Colada, and it was blended heaven.  Not sickeningly sweet like some, and garnished with a slice of fresh, ripe pineapple.  
They open at 10 AM - Hey, it's five o'clock somewhere!!!The female bartender with the red hair & nose ring was AWESOME!!! Worth waiting in line just to have her make your drinks! We had a piña colada, strawberry/ peach, tropical/ mango... All fabulous!!OMG, The best Pina Colada I've ever had. 
Also, the best frozen Margarita and Daiquiri (I think we made too many trips back :-) ) 
They use top shelf booze, fresh fruit and ingredients. And surprisingly are cheaper than the slushy machine places that litter the French Quarter. And you can even take the kids and get them something without any booze in it. 
I honestly think they need to branch out into a chain. Please open one in Pittsburgh!A hidden gem of NOLA in my opinion. In the middle of the french market you need to stop by to enjoy a Flaming Monkey. In a city where you can walk around with a cocktail this frozen drink is a necessity. Plus walking around the French Market is so fun, but walking around the French Market with a flammng monkey is THE BEST.The piña colada is so good! Real ice cream real pineapple with what feels like a double shot of vodkaDrinks are made right in front of the counter. The menu is listed on a chalkboard.  Some contain alcohol but you can feel free to request for a virgin. The Piña Colada was delicious and refreshing especially on this warm day. The Mango was good but the Piña Colada beats it to the punch.The Pina Coladas here are on point, using a locally made rum, ice cream, and fresh pineapple chunks and juice. The bloody marys are also worth checking out. I drive completely out of my way just for this and recommend to everyone I know.I want another one!!! I had a smoothies with pineapple, mango, and peach... With a touch of love inside!!! Best weekend smoothie... I would love to take all three of these places back home with me... My companion had a hurricane and he enjoyed it!!!Yummy piña coladas for a good price. This place was quick and located right in the French market. Got the flaming monkey which had a nice kick and was not too sweet.Seriously the best smoothie I've had in years. This smoothie stand is in the French Market. They make regular smoothie and also those with alcohol. I tried both (2 different days) both were great. When you've been walking around the French Quarters all day this is a good pick me up.Most amazing ice cream daiquiri! This is dessert in a glass. I believe it was my lunch one day. I can't even put into words how fresh this drink is. It's a must stop in the market as your stroll through the amazing smell of crawfish and New Orleans' market goods.their prices went up btw. $7.50 for non alcoholic drinks and $9 for those special drinks. my fam and i went here 2 times during our stay in nola. i got a banana royal and the lady (with nose ring) who made it made it really yummy. my 2nd time a guy (long brown hair tied up and lots of facial hair with nice smile) made it and it tasted really funny. i tried my best to finish it but after i drank half i had to throw it away. what a waste. that guy could make a good almond freeze tho; he made yummy almond freezes for my mom and bro. my dad got a strawberry smoothie... beware, too sweet it tasted like a starburst. bleh.Fast and easy daiquiris inside the French Market.  It can be as sugar-laden or fruit-filled as you want -- you decide and order appropriately, so it works for everyone.  Extra shots are cheap, so load up here ;)
I had the honeydew daiquiri, which was fresh honeydew pieces, some syrup, alcohol, and ice.  Not too much evil stuff in there.
I'm definitely going back to try the smoothies in the future.Every time we visit the French Quarter for day drinking, we go to the Organic Banana and get either a spiked smoothie (I enjoy the Funky Monkey or the Pina Colada) or a Bloody Mary.  They're always delicious and they're about the same price as those frozen daiquiris on Bourbon Street, but they're soooo much better!  And they're organic, which is a nice bonus.  The service is always prompt and polite.  It makes meandering around the quarter extra nice.I was in New Orleans a couple weeks ago and after so many reviews and recommendations, I thought I'd give this place a try. I ordered the Mango Rum Punch. On a hot muggy day in the French Quarter, this definitely cooled me down. It was a bit too sweet for me but still enjoyable. I think I'll get a nonalcoholic drink next time I'm around. I recommend anyone in the area come here.Peach Daiquiri was delicious and made fresh right in front of me. The stand is inside the long Farmers Market building/outdoor area. Don't worry that you can't see it from the street, just dive into that long shed and find this gem. Then go grab half a muffuletta at Central Grocery, make a left up to the river, and sit on the Mississippi with your grub. Sigh with satisfaction that you're one of the smart tourists.Quality drinks, we had a rum daiquiri composed of coconut and pineapple.  They use a local rum, and actual fruits, with the end result being very good.  Also ordered a turbo dog on tap for 3 dollars.  Their prices can't be beat.  Just very good product overall, not to mention efficient.  Would absolutely recommend.Pina colada was super delicious. Lady working didn't seem very happy- but we all have our daysThis place was awesome. I got one of their signature drinks the flaming monkey and have been recreating it at home ever since! 
This is my favorite drink I had while in new orleans, 10/10 would recommend this place.Delicious and refreshing boozy drinks made with love!  My group tried the Almond Freeze, which was a bit cinammon-y the Flaming Monkey, which was pretty much amazing, and the Bloody Mary was spicy and had a Louisiana kick.  There's a bit of a wait to get your order taken and receive your drink but it'll be well worth it!I am so sad I did not take a picture of the best blended Margarita that I've had in my life! I wish I was kidding since I won't be able to have it again anytime soon, but its true. No artificial margarita mix flavors, just fresh and delicious fruit! I ordered the tropical Margarita and added banana to the mix and it was the best slushie drink choice I made for the whole NOLA trip. Yes, it's in the French Quarter and its probably more expensive than drinks outside of the quarter (but still cheap for what I got and for my LA standards), but I wish I would have gotten 10 of them! I will be trying to recreate this drink over and over this summer at home unril I get it just right! Or at least until I'm too buzzed to work the blender anymore.This place gets 2 stars only because smoothies were decent. A bloody mary, however was not strong enough, with not enough olives and a server was extremely rude. When I asked for an extra olive, he replied "one dollar" with a satisfied smirk. Wtf? We were going to tip him a dollar our two, but after this remark his tip became zero right away. If you want a great bloody mary in French Quarter, I recommend  a bar in the Pirates Alley, they are perfectly spicy and strong there.Probably one of the best place to grab a daiquiri in the french quarter.
Where else can you carry a drink while shopping around for overprice souvenir? 
Me and two other friends are from out of town and while walking around the french market we saw their sign that said "funky monkey". Sound good? yes! What scared me is what they mix it with! (Bacardi 151). They added a lot of fresh fruits and then start pouring the Bacardi like theres no tomorrow! Took us awhile to actually finish it.
Deff trying other drinks next time that doesn't require much booze.The Banana Royale is my favorite, every time I pass by the market I HAVE to get one. A must for any visitor to Nola.I asked a local who had the best drinks in the French Market and she pointed me towards here. She suggested the Mango Rum Punch and the Strawberry Lemonade. She promised me this would be delicious and strong (unlike the overrated hand grenades). I opted for the Mango Rum Punch and boy, you can definitely taste the rum.  The ingredients they used taste fresh and the service is fast. Whether you're drinking and shopping or shopping and drinking, make sure you stop by while you are passing through the French Market.You know it's a goof Pina Colata when you go back for a second one in the same day...and have to walk across the French Quarter to do so!Super cute gourmet food offering in the French market. We had delicious bloody Mary's to go, and the guy was very friendly.  Way friendly than many of the other grumpy vendors!This was on my list for bars I wanted to visit in New orleans. Once arriving I wasn't sure on what to get so I decided  to get the pina colada daiquiri. So it consist of ice cream ,pincolda mix,and pinapple juice and rum.The drink overall was ok. It was pretty basic.Decided to go back since I was in the area and try the mango rum punch and it was awesome. I wish I would have got two Rum punches. Overall it was ok something yp u could make at home. The Bar staff was very nice and welcoming which is also a plus.Every time I visit New Orleans I HAVE to have their Pina colada! They are creamy and will leave you with a little buzz by the time you are finished. Most of the time the bartenders are nice but I've come across 1 or 2 that don't care to engage in any type of conversation with their guests. But oh well I know lines are long and they need to keep the line moving. I will always come back!It's been a while since I had a piña colada so while browsing the hot ass French Market I noticed they had Old New Orleans rum in the back. 
 Hell. Yeah. 
Nothing says NOLA like piña coladas.  Ok maybe not, but it was the perfect shopping fuel!Bloody Mary
It looks like most of the reviews here are for smoothies or daiquiris but the real gem here is their Bloody Mary. They take time to craft this drink from what looks like a homemade mix. Garnished with green beans and olives, passerby's will be oogling over this drink as soon as you leave the counter. 
Do yourself a favor and pick up a Bloody Mary from here as you peruse the French Market.Super expensive but super delicious. You're not going to get much of a buzz off these either but they are a great snack or dessert.Amazing drinks! Wish they didn't close so early and were open during the night. Would much rather drink there than other options in the French Quarter.Juicing fruits and boozing it up  is like being healthy and partying at the same time. This is basically what it is here. Worth the walk over into the market. I walked by it all the time until a friend I was visiting pointed it out to me. 
Favorite Drinks (blended on the spot not turned around in those awful machines):
- Dirty Banana
- Pina Colada
- Bloody MAry
- Any fruit combination
I would get the rum floater. Very refreshing during the day. I realize whatever nutritious value is neutralized by alcohol. It still feels good.Just arrived here to get a Piña Colada and the staff says they are closing down 30 mins before of what they are supposed to.Super good, super fresh....but they took the best drink (dirty banana) off the menu! :(Flaming monkey drink has baileys, 151, banana and coconut cream.  Awesome because it was just enough alcohol without it being too sweet.  Loved this place!It doesn't feel as natural as you would expect... They add processed juices to the smoothie instead of making them off only fruit. ...Bf and I shared the Pina Colada drink. It tasted fresh and really really refreshing. They even add a slice of fresh pineapple. They also serve smoothies that are free of alcohol.  
Perfect for a hot day in New Orleans!!crave /krev/  
verb, craved, craving.  
-verb (used with object) 
1. to long for; want greatly; desire eagerly: to crave sweets; to crave affection. 
Holy crap. Why don't more locals know about this place? FRESH FRUIT DAQUIRIS AND MARGARITAS! No crap from a machine or highly sugared lunk with cheap liquor. This place is the real deal, and a MUST when day drinking or shopping. 
Yes, it's in the French Market, but why is that stopping you? The French Market has been revamped and now houses multiple awesome restaurants that locals and tourists alike will enjoy. 
Seriously. I crave these sometimes. Especially the tropical daquiri. The hussssband loves the margaritas, which taste so good that you don't even miss the salt. Skip the crap on Bourbon and check out this place. You won't regret it.Before you try them other daiquiri joints in the quarter - haul your ass over to the French Market and find The Organic Banana counter immediately.   Creamy and smooth and cool from the vanilla bean ice cream and fruit, my cousin D is correct in saying this is one of the best daiquiris.  They top it off with a pineapple slice and once you go walking around with it, everyone's gonna stop you to ask where did you get it from.We visited NOLA recently and went here almost every morning for a mango smoothie and a tropical smoothie... SO DAMN DELICIOUS. They also have boozy drinks (including some bloody marys that are apparently incredible). LOVE.Such a disappointment!!! 
I was really excited to check out The Organic Banana while visiting NOLA because the pictures I saw online of their frozen smoothies looked so freakin' yummy and I could get alcohol in it BUT the frozen strawberry daiquiri that I ordered was watery & not frozen at all. 
For $8.50 plus tip I was really disappointed w/ my drink & the bartender had no customer service skills at all. 
Well at least I can say I tried it but next time I won't waste my money.
-Rebecca outI don't know if I should be admitting this anywhere, but every time I travel to New Orleans, I have to stop at The Organic Banana and order an Almond Freeze (with a banana added) for the road. By that time, I've generally been in New Orleans three or four days and had at least two of them in the days before that. 
The Organic Banana is the only thing that keeps me going to the French Market. Promise you won't regret it.I loved this place! They use fresh fruit and blend the drink right in front of you. It has the perfect location in the French Market, so you can shop around while enjoying a pretty cheap, "healthy," organic drink :)
I had the tropical daiquiri and it was amazing, the only complaint is that there wasn't enough alcohol for my liking. However, I spoke to a lady in the market who had a Bloody Mary and claimed that it was "strong and spicy." They have blended smoothies without alcohol as well.  I think Organic Banana is an amazing concept and perfect for New Orleans.Hey , I am not a fan of banana anything , but the banana daiquiri is to die for , gotta try this place.The most delicious libations!  I loved the Flaming Monkey, concocted fresh right in front of me.  So much better than the drinks from the adult slurpee machines that you'll find all over the French Quarter and elsewhere.  The drinks at the Organic Banana are made with real ingredients.  I didn't have one but the Pins Colada looked delicious too.This was the best smoothie I have ever had in my life! I got the mango and peach smoothie (costs $1 extra if you want to mix n match) and the virgin pina colada. I preferred the mango-peach, but both were delicious. It's better than the other places around NOLA because it's made right in front of you and it's fresh. The taste of banana was very subtle. It was the perfect remedy for a hot day.Def get the pina colada! Excelente!!!This was one of my favorite drink spots when visiting NOLA! I'm not usually someone who likes to drink alcohol but the Organic Banana at the French Market made their drinks so yummy that it didn't have the strong taste of alcohol but I still felt the buzz which was great for me! 
The first time I went, I ordered the Almond Freeze which tasted like a chocolate milkshake! The second time I went, I ordered the Piña Colada which was very delicious and fruity! The perfect drink for a nice hot day in NOLA!  My sister also ordered a Bloody Mary which was delicious and had a variety of pickled vegetables inside which made the drink delicious! 
I would highly recommend to a friend that is visiting to come to the Organic Banana to try all their drinks!Recommended by a local as the only place to get a Daiquiri (unless you like cheap rum, artificial flavors, and lots of high fructose corn syrup).
We tried the Mango and Peach Daiquiri. Delicious.BEST DRINKS IN FRENCH QUARTER!!! I have been here on vacation and cannot stop coming back. They're fresh, organic, strong and delish!Came here after overhearing my guide for the St. Louis Cemetery #1 tour that she thought that these were some of the best daiquiris in the French Quarter area.
Came around 4 pm or so on a Sunday afternoon and, apparently, we came during a small rush! 
However, another employee came out to help speed up the line and so, we got our daiquiris in no time!
I opted for the tropical daiquiri and my friend opted for the banana one. Both were deliciously fruity! They were just the ticket for a hot afternoon in New Orleans, even though they were completely melted by the time we made it back to our hotel. 
Tasted great going down though!Gross. They handled money and drinks/fruits while wearing the same gloves. 
Thanks for protecting your hands! The gloves are supposed to protect food. Nasty...I had the mango smoothie and it was delicious. Creamy, fresh and natural flavors/taste.Located in the French Market, a great place to hang out on a rainy day in NOLA. Shopping ,Cajun food and great cocktails all in one spot with great music to boot.Right in the heart of the market! And exactly what you need/crave on a hot summer day after roaming the streets of NO and brushing past sweaty men and women. 
They make all types of smoothies, from Pina Coladas to fresh fruit mixers. Non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages available. It's a little pricey, but you honestly would sell your soul to get one of these. We tried a banana, chocolate, and rum mixture (forgot the name).Fantastic Bloody Mary, with excellent service!  I thought the $7 price tag was reasonable.  He was quick to offer recommendations for other great veg friendly restaurants...and in this town, those are few and far between.  :)On a sticky, hot, disgusting summer afternoon in New Orleans, there is nothing better than a pina colada from the Organic Banana. In fact, I bet the pina colada is probably pretty good on a normal day too. Or even a nice day. I wouldn't know, but I'm sure it's equally delicious in cold weather... if, in fact, it ever gets cold in New Orleans.
Tucked away in the middle of the French Market, this is an excellent spot to get fresh-made alcoholic smoothies made right in front of you using high-quality ingredients. I think my pina colada was $7 or $8, and I downed it in approximately five minutes (see above: hot, sticky afternoon). So cold. So refreshing. So rum-tastic.
The next time I am lucky enough to find myself in the sweltering summer heat of New Orleans, I'm making a beeline to the Organic Banana.First of all, there is NOTHING organic about this place, with added unknown additives/preservatives in unlabeled bottles that they call "juice." This "juice" look like candied syrup with strong artificial flavor. Second, the price for one smoothie is absolutely outrageous, at $6!! Thats more than enough to get me TWO real organic smoothies at any big city. 
Lastly, the tall lady with red bright hair and tattoos was extremely rude when I ordered a smoothie. I gave her a $10 bill, and she took the bill, held it up against the light to see if it was a fake! seriously... $10?! She also was not happy with my question of whether i can just get the fruit and ice without all that added "juice" or "yogurt." of course the response was a NO. 
My smoothie tasted terrible, the artificial syrup taste was absolutely overwhelming! Do Not expect to get anything organic or real natural from this place.4 months later and this place still amazes me! We got the strawberry lemonade, strawberry and pina colada daiquiris. They were all soooo good! They make the drinks fast and are very courteous. I highly recommend.These smoothies are amazing whether you are looking for alcohol or non alcoholic. Had the Pina Colada and it did not disappoint.If you have not tried the bloody marys at the organic banana, you are missing out!  they are the absolute best in NOLA!  Do yourself a favor and put this on your must do list.We just got some fruit smoothies but when I asked about not adding additional syrups/sugars, the bartender was not very accommodating and insisted adding it in. The smoothies tasted alright but it was quite overpriced and overly sweet because of all the added sugars. However, that being said, it was still nice to have a fruit smoothie as a break from all the heavy food in the area.