the food is terrific but the help is TOTAL MORONS, they don't even know the menu! DO NOT play the poker machines unless u r feeling charitable to the owner. get the ribs and get out!Went with with a large party, after waiting an hour and a half only 1/2 of us received our food. When we addressed it with the owner, we were told to "stop being so ridiculous" and asked "what did you expect coming in with a large group unannounced?"  Needless to say, those who hadn't received their food walked out. The owner ended up comping the others wo had received their food, as if that would somehow make things better. Wouldn't recommend this place under any circumstances. FYI.....the same large party went to another locally well known restaurant the next day, totally unannounced, and not only enjoyed some good food, but great service as well!!!!The deck was relaxing and the music playlist was great. Each time We have been, We enjoyed the environment, the food, and service. BBQ Shrimp poboy, Cuban burger were two nice options. They even let us order a grilled chicken sandwich off the menu!!Love this place; good draft beers, even local ones at a good price; great food. The Jimmy Chicken Ranch is the best fried chicken sandwich you'll eat, fries are yummy and seasoned, service is ALWAYS great and love the outdoor deck dining. Always has a funny quote on the outdoor sign. Parking never an issue either.A place with wildly different dining experiences each time I went here.
The first time I had the BBQ Shrimp Poboy special. It was great, and the staff was absolutely wonderful. Football was on, everyone was having a good time. 
The second time, I don't know if a prisoner from Azkaban was hanging out here, because it was like a dementor had sucked all the joy out of the place and there was no chocolate to be seen - service was lethargic, at best. But the food was great! Had a couple of appetizers and some drinks, and headed out.
The third time, the staff was friendly again, but the food just was not up to par. Cold fries, overcooked burgers - simple stuff, but can be a big bummer when you are excited for a burger.
I've been in once or twice, but it always seems like the experience is all over the place. It's a nice little place in River Ridge in a great location (even if parking is awful,) so we'll probably be back. 
I don't know if I would recommend it unless that BBQ Shrimp Poboy was on the menu or unless there was a ballgame on.Slow. Average food at best. Poor service. Not friendly.
I came here for a work lunch and it took over an hour and a half. We arrived well after the lunch rush as the place was mostly empty. It was awkward and uncomfortable how angry the server was towards us.To sum it up in a word: inconsistent.  I've had some good meals there, and some not-so-great meals.  I've had ok service and absolutely abysmal service.  There's no excuse for bad service when the place is nearly empty.  And how hard is it to get orders right?  They also seem to have a huge turnover in staff which could be part of the problem.  There are better places in the neighborhood to go.A group of 6 of us went here the other day and sat outside.  After 10 minutes someone came up to us and took our order.  After an hour, of watching tables behind us get food and finish it, we still never received our food.  The patio waitress came to our table 2X, once to take the order and bring drinks and never returned, gave us an update on what was taking so long, nothing.  We then asked for the food to be packed up and still heard nothing for another 10 minutes.  Then we had to track down a busboy who had to apologize while our server stood in the corner and refused to face us or give any explanation as to what took so long for sandwiches and salads.  As we were on lunch break, we were all late for meetings and ended up never getting our food.  She told us we could just "leave" and didn't have to pay for our drinks. 
Horrible service is worse than horrible food.  Too bad we never got to taste theirs.Food is as good as to be expected.  The patio is great when the weather is nice.  Love the music playlist with 70s and 80s classic rock  Onion Rings are hand battered in house, spicy sliders were awesome.  They even made a build your own chicken sandwich for my son.Decent sandwiches and a good burger. The oysters and Brie appetizer has always been delicious. The chili is good also.  The service here is hit or miss.  Overall, it's a good place to grab a beer and something nice and greasy.The service is horrible. It could be such a better chill spot if they hired people who enjoyed working in the hospitality business. I always enjoy bringing the pups here because they're welcome. Ravioli is good. Service blows. Don't come here if you're in a rush! They never get your order right.The debris cheese fries are awesome!!!  The staff is great!!! The service was awesome!!!
We live nearby and will be back for sure.BLUF:  Cheap good that is pretty standard.  I'd go back if I had to or needed to but I would never suggest it.
Funny little place in Metairie.  Cheesy atmosphere.  
The food is good but the definition of standard.  Nothing stood out on the menu as original and no one was overly impressed with their food.  It was all good but it was all standard.  Poboys and burgers.  Nothing wrong with that.  But makes it hard to make me want to go back.  
We went for work cuz it is so close.  Great place for a lunch break cuz of its lack of excitement.  Just feeds you.Good food, the shimmy sauce is addicting. Always excellent service and delicious bloody Mary!The ambience sitting outside is one of the best--relaxed with a nicely designed patio, and on a breezy day you can sit out there a long time. Plus they're pet friendly and will even bring your dog water. Classy!
The food though...good, solid burgers. Grilled shrimp are good too. My hesitation is that the menu is just too big, and there are more things on chalk boards inside. I would prefer they shrink the menu and bring more focus to a specific style all they're own. 
I've never had a problem with the staff or have been kept waiting, so that's a big plus. All the waitresses I've ever had (never had a guy) throw big smiles and are as nice as can be. I tend to feel people who complain a lot about that sort of thing are go to anyplace with that "me customer, you slave" attitude, and all I can say is if I were a waitress dealing with that...I may get a little attitude myself.Great neighborhood eatery with good atmosphere and service...food is above average for a bar atmosphere, not top notch, but the prices are more than reasonable for what you get...chilli needs help, but other than that, the Cuban flat and fries were excellent... we will go back and look forward to it...I don't support terrible food or bigots and this place has both.  I'll start with the actual experience of dining there.  The waitstaff varies in attitude but it is never good.  I've been there three times and have had the overly attentive waiter who told inappropriate jokes and complained about his coworkers (Dude, I do not care.  Go get my fried raviolis and leave me alone), the patio server who both completely overwhelmed on game night and too into the game to go her job (two hours waiting for food.  I had to find her at the bar watching the game while I was searching for a drink refill), and the older server who just doesn't care about anything anymore.  I could maybe tolerate it if the food was worth it but it isn't.  Nothing tastes fresh and the quality is never consistent.  There are too many places in the area that are far better.  I'd rather give them my business.  
My other issue is the owner.  He is an outspoken bigot who thinks he's a comedian.  He isn't.  The inappropriate comments on the sign out front are offensive but I've actually heard him say these things to horrified customers.  Considering the uproar one of his recent billboards caused, his attitude is going to run away all the business that doesn't know about the terrible service and food.This place is a mess. Service is terrible; waitress didn't have a clue what to do. Drink from bar was bad and had to be returned. They were out of french fries. No refill on water. They said kitchen was being "slammed," but the place was less than half full. The person pointed out to me as the owner walked around inside seemingly clueless of how bad an experience her customers were having. Too many better places to eat in this area. It's a shame too because the outdoor seating is not bad.I recently had food from here because one of my coworkers was going to pick it up. As I was reading the reviews I was really side eyeing this establishment and reconsidering if I even wanted to give them my money. There's tons of racist reviews. However, the girl who was getting the food said she hadn't experienced any of these things when she went so I obliged. I ordered the half beef/half hot sausage burger and it was amazing! I couldn't finish it all because it's huge but I sure gave it my best effort.
Tip: take 10 tums before you try to tackle this bad boyHorrible food for higher prices and terrible service. That's really all you need to know. The best part about Shimmy Shack is the jokes on the billboard and those are still pretty terribleThe porch is great and the bloody Mary's are awesome.  Food is good also!  But the wait staff is condescending, rude, and slow.  We go there a lot for drinks and there are two women and one man that have the worst attitudes.  It is a shame because it is a great location in RR and great atmosphere and food.  But there are days I really don't want to hunt down my waitress or have them snap at me!  I am not even going to talk about the owner.  If they stepped up their wait staff they may do a better business.Food was average. Menu stated one price and they charged me $5.00 more. When I asked they laughed and said it was a mistake and still charged me more. Service was good. I went back again and they still didn't fix menu price. What a joke. If I could give this place one star I would have.The food was very good. Seemed like there was not enough waitress to serve people around lunch time. On a Saturday.If I could give 0 stars I would. We didn't even get to try the food because the service was so bad. We sat for over 10 minutes, asked 2 waitresses, and watched a table who came in after us be waited on, but we couldn't even get menu. We definitely won't be going back or recommending this place to anyone. When we left I thanked the waitress for our menus and she mumbled an expletive.It's my first trip to the south and when we were eating here we realized the meat tasted awful. It had the smell of rotten flesh. I'm not really sure how old the meat was or if it was not refrigerated properly. I would avoid this place at all costs. Plus they got two of our orders wrong too.I'm a huge fan of a place that has outside seating as this restaurant does.  Saints were playing and it was a beautiful day.  Seemed like a good place to go.  I didn't realize there was only one tv outside and it is very very small.  Maybe not the best place to watch the game next time.  The service was very slow.  The food however was good.  I would recommend the chili cheese fries.  Everyone eating agreed they were the best they have ever had.I went here twice, based on the recommendation of the locals, and both times I was impressed. I had the BBQ shrimp Po Boy the first time, and the Gator Sausage Po Boy the second time. Both were delicious, with very different flavors, and the fries that came with them were some of the best that I've had in a restaurant. I found that the prices were vary reasonable, the interior was eclectic and entertaining, and the service was quite good.I got food poisoning last week eating at this place. Worst ever!!
If you value your health,  don't go here.Love this place! Great burgers, friendly staff. They make you feel like family. The lemon pie is outrageously good. I don't even like lemon stuff but omg... I'm glad I tried it!!! I had the burger with bacon and egg on it. I forgot the name but dammmn it was good!! Soo filling. Definitely go here if you get the opportunity. You might even see me at the bar! I frequent this place. Haha.The skinny on the Shimmy is that it shakes for lunch.  A good option in a condo strewn community that otherwise would have seen the former bank building turned into a parking lot or snow-cone stand, could have done worse.  The fare is average and so is the service.
I would argue that if they stayed open later they might enjoy more success.  But for lunch at least, you can count on your New Orleans regular staple to be presented almost as good as someone else's mother could give it to you.Love this place!!!! 
Entire staff is awesome, but we especially love Jackie!!  Every trip has been perfect, great food, great atmosphere, awesome service!!
My husband is in love with the debris cheese fries, and I have yet to find anything less than delicious every time. 
I highly recommend this restaurant.2.5 stars doesn't do this place justice 
Some of the best burgers and appetizers in the area - they cook the food with a focus on the little details, and they tend to like to make it presentable. 
Prices are reasonable. Service can be a little slow, as it's a small place, but we have burgers, potato skins, oysters and Brie, Bloody Mary's, and wedge salads pretty frequently here.Decided to try this place out for lunch today.... bad idea!!! The food was over priced for the quality, and our server was completely rude.... we arrived 5 min before 11 and apparently it didn't sit well with the server.... did not know his name because he didn't introduce himself when he approached the table.... instead he backed up when he saw my 2 year old son with a fork in his hand, like he was the seed of Chucky. This place I could have dealt with the low quality pricey food had the service been decent.The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars, is because the food was actually pretty good. However, when you dine out usually you look forward to the experience and service plays a big part in ensuring you have a good experience. This place had HORRIBLE service, not to mention as soon as you walk in it was like there was a dark cloud over the place. The aura was so negative; we couldn't wait to leave. Definitely would not recommend, and will not be returning.I have eaten here almost a dozen times in the past year. Service is usually slow and rude. The food is usually very good with generous portions and fairly priced. The deck is dog friendly. I am giving it three stars because I really like the buffalo oyster salad and the oysters on brie.I have eaten here three times, but today will be my last.  The quality of the food just isn't that good.  I bought the special Tilapia with crab meat and lemon sauce.  It tasted terrible and they put it in a huge pile of white rice?  What was that about?  The crab meat had no flavor, nor the lemon sauce, the fish did have flavor, but not that good.  The broccoli was boiled, not steamed and had an off taste. Definitely not worth the $15 bucks I paid.   I sent my sweet tea back...it was so dark and left an aftertaste of a mix.  I always expect real sweet tea at a restaurant in the South.  The waiter came over chewing something and I wasn't sure he worked there...he was OK.
The place looks ok and was clean enough.  I like the outside balcony.  Guess I could go there for a snack and drinks.Service is okay. Porch is a great place to relax on a summer evening. And the wedge salad and bloody Mary's are PHENOMENAL.Unfortunately it's impossible to rate a restaurant zero stars so one star will have to do. This establishment is by far the worst dining experience that I have had in New Orleans. To start, when my friend, her children, and I arrived there was no Ac. Our waiter took 20 minutes just to bring us a water. I ordered an oyster and Brie appetizer for the table and this was a huge mistake. It tasted like someone threw oysters and Brie on pita bread and gave it a fancy name. It was about the size of a small saucer and I ended up paying about $18.00 for it. I then ordered the catfish platter and was even more disappointed. This was not a platter it was simply just a piece of fish on a plate. If you want your money's worth with a better ambience and even better food I would recommend you try a place in mid city called New Orleans food and spirits. This place is a joke.Tried it for lunch. Ordered the Cuban Burger and Chicken Po Boy. The service was terrible and the food was not even ok. It arrived late. We waited fifteen minutes or more before our order was taken and the food took longer than that. The waitress looked upset and did not get us refills for our drinks. Stay away from this place!The Brunch was fantastic / got the eggs Benedict with grits & OJ / can't wrong.
Plus a Spanish omelette/ can't wrong with either
Highly recommendedI was surprised to see The Shimmy Shack at 2.5 stars. River Ridge/Elmwood can be a little sleepy and this place adds some fun and flavor. You can actually go grab some food after 9pm. Because sometimes you just need a late night burger. I had a burger with a side of awesomeness. It was a hot sausage and angus beef mix. Topped with BACON, corn beef, fried egg, cheese and dressed. The folks were "bar" friendly and love regulars. The space has some fun and creative stools. Don't let the low stars full you. Go grab a burger from the Shimmy Shack sometime.Recently I went to the Shimmy Shack with a group of ten for an early dinner before going to see a movie at the nearby theater. Since the weather was nice we decided to sit on the deck. The Shimmy Shack has more of the atmosphere of a bar than a restaurant, but being on the deck helped alleviate some of that. We started with two baskets of fried pickles as we waiting for everyone to arrive. Lesson 1: one basket is enough. These things were overflowing with pickles.
Our waitress was nice and attentive. Our drinks came out quickly I ordered the Reuben and it was out in minutes. Because my party arrived at different times our food came out a bit scattered. One guy had a bit of a wait, but 1 out of 10 isn't entirely bad. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food and drinks.
Getting the check was where stuff broke down a little bit. Our server was incredibly nice about splitting the check. I assume that was why it took a while for the checks to come. With a party of ten getting eight different checks it's understandable that a couple of items wound up on the wrong checks, so no fault there. The only bad thing was waiting what seemed like forever to get change/credit cards back. It might not have been as bad as it seemed since we were eager to catch our movie but it still wasn't fast.
I can see our group coming back here for pre-movie dining again.This place has some of the worst burgers I've ever tasted. It was soggy and mushy. What made the day worse was that I saw vermin crawling around the kitchen when I peeked back to complain. BOTH rats AND cockroaches. Talk about nasty. Stay far, far away.Some of the best fried pickles I've ever had. I always get the hot shimmy: burger with 1/2 ground beef and 1/2 hot sausage. It's awesome!Terrible experience....The ONLY highlight was our Waitress. Without her good service and attentiveness this would have been a horrible experience.
Where to begin? S/O took me here for a quick bite close to home....Cool, funky Divey like ambiance. Plenty of parking. Easy to get to on Dickory Ave in Harahan.
 Started with the Fried Pickles and the Shrimp and Brie as appetizers. The pickles were good. Delicious batter and done correctly.The Shrimp and Brie was HORRIBLE. Funky taste to it....like one of the ingredients had turned....we literally sent it back. 
As entrees we had the Hot sausage Po'boy and the Ceaser Salad with Grilled Shrimp. WOW, Only got worse after the appetizers....Instead of grilled Shrimp they were sauteed. Good flavor, but why call them Grilled when you're just going to drop them into a pan with some butter? And the Po'boy didn't get any better....It was my first time having Patton's sausage...that might have been it. But I AM not a fan....Way too much salt... and the portion? I'd love to call it a hockey puck...but that would be too generous. 
I won't be back...The service was great. They took the Shrimp and Brie off of our ticket....but service alone is not enough to make me want to try this place again.Buffalo chicken poor boy OMG and the quesadillas were boss loved it so much go there like once a weekLove this place! The bbq shrimp poboy is by far the best in the city!! Great place to hang out and have a few beers with friends outside on the deck area!!  As far as the decor that some people on here complain about, it's funky and its New Orleans style! If you want ordinary decor then go to Applebee's!! I'll take this place over ordinary any day!!Lunch here at least once a week. Nice laid back atmosphere and a menu diverse enough to satisfy anyone.
Formerly under the same ownership as Rivershack, many of the core menu items are similar. This is the Rivershack, but more open, colorful and light. The owner, Jimmy, is an experienced New Orleans restaurateur with a great sense of humor. Like this place mostly for the drinks but the menu offers quite a few gems (spinach salad, paninis, and whatever the special of the day is)Honestly we don't normally eat here. Drinks only. We can bring our dog on the patio. They give her bacon she loves it! However, this Friday night we ate, catfish, shrimp & grits and a infused burger. It was good, like actually good! The owner can be a bit over the top.Slowest service with almost empty dinning room on a Thursday night. Don't go unless you have a lot of time on your hand to just sit there and starveI haven't eaten here for many years because of the ridiculous marquee sign with the extremely trite jokes. However, this particular evening it was just too pretty outside to sit inside, so we decided to give the place a try. I'm really glad that we did. It isn't perfect, however, it was really good. I had a buffalo salad with a hamburger patty on top. The salad was good, the salad dressing was great, the Diet Coke was fresh, and sitting outside was perfect. They have a great cheap wine list, too. I still hate the sign. I'll just try not to look at it anymore.Truely a Ripp Off!!!!!  Someone stole $40 from me as I was with my 5 yr old and 19 month old grandsons.  Either it fell on the floor or left on the table.  The waitress I do believe was the one.  When the owner was told, he could have cared less, as the waitress just walked off when I told her.  The owner said, Oh, we do not have camera's at the table.  Not only that I left the waitress a $10 tip before I realized my money was gone.  I'm sure she enjoyed the $50 tip.  Please people NOT WORTH THE TRIP, even as far as the food is concerned!It's a nice little Tavern. My family and I went there on a Monday night, and were served very quickly. I had the chef salad, which was very fresh, and very filling. It was an overall nice atmosphere, with good service.I had been to The Shimmy Shack once before with some friends a good 2 years ago and had a decent experience. However my fiance and I recently moved to the area so we decided to check it out again.
The place is seat yourself with indoor and outdoor tables. We sat outside because it was a nice evening (about 6pm) and we kind of wanted a little privacy. A few moments after we sat, we were greeted by our server who was overly excited to be there. I spent many years working in restaurants and bars and have learned that there is a fine line between being friendly and annoying. He surpassed it. He tried making jokes with us about inappropriate things and I even tried subtly hinting that we wanted none of his goofiness and just wanted to get a bite to eat. Overall I just felt uncomfortable every time he would come to the table.
We ordered a few beers which came out to us 5 minutes after we ordered. I ordered the shrimp remoulade salad. My fiance ordered the steak, mid rare, with mushrooms and onions.
My salad was OK. The remoulade dressing wasn't bad, but I've had better. But really it was pretty basic, lettuce, tomato, cheese, shrimp. One good thing was the portion. I couldn't finish it. My fiance's steak came out overcooked with no mushrooms or onions. We figured they just overcooked it on accident and he forgot to put the mush/onion, but later found out that his steak was mixed up with another table's.
When the bill came we were charged for the things we didn't receive (which we had fixed). There were many other customers around us complaining about the service also.
So to sum it all up: food was OK, service was BLAH, and the only thing I enjoyed about this place was that I got to sit on the deck on a nice evening.This place is hit or miss on service but the food is always good IMO. The shittiest waitress I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with was at this place (I'm talking about attitude for asking for another beer refill). I actually asked to be reimbursed for my courtesy tip of 20%, but didn't follow through after management started the process on my credit card. I just wanted to make a point. The next time I gave it a try the waitress was wonderful.
I've been here six or seven times. Shite waitress 50% of the time.  
Roll the dice folksHave to admit, I came here "looking" for these racist banners that are meant to divide us.  I don't know if this is some sort of practical joke, but I think  someone created a fake Yelp account and posted this horrible stuff.  I mean look, when the post office lost my "package" I HAD to admit to the postmaster that I mailed my "employer" a GUN.  A federal investigation traced it to broken arrow, ok., but the guy is afraid to pick it up!!!! Lol . So frankly I am deeply offended that yelp would remove my positive review of Mosca's for "lack of personal experience". And if I have another person ask "where I'm from"-I am going to hurt them.  It's not like I'm a BJJ Brown belt that was denied black because of some Iraqi kid (true) - I am a nobody.
I am much worse than Rambo.  I am a federal academy DROPOUT.  So I know what it takes and the secrets to training others.  But am the 1st loser.  I never started the yelp bathroom pics, someone else did.
All I did find is that they had an awesome pastrami and a great salad, nice beers, a beautiful patio.  The owner said that he might install a FREE CAR WASH if enough of the apartment clientele.
He said the key to life is to go to work enjoy what you have, and go home.  Some of the best advice I've been given aside from my LSU dental school graduate.  "Go get your vision checked!!!"  I'm going to schedule that LASIK with the 20% radio app discount.....  love itSunday 1pm, we were seated right away outside.  Beautiful day for outdoor seating.  Atlanta & Lions game on,  easily visible.  Nice music.    Started with barbecue shrimp appetizer, delicious!   I had an infused burger, black Angus  with Cheddar cheese, huge and delicious!  Caesar salad as side instead of the fries, good also.   Spouse ordered blarney stone burger (hot sausage and Angus, topped with fried egg and hash browns).  A little sloppy but he enjoyed it.  It was Huge!  Even bigger than mine.  I think his burger should have been called the mile high burger.   Definitely will come back.  Lots of people here today.This place is AWESOME!! GREAT service! Ask for Margaret!! We LOVED her and the food.i had the Shimmy Burger with cheddar cheese couldn't even finish it all. Hubby had the seafood platter with alligator sausage and he L-O-V-E-D LOVED IT! Totally recommend this place and can't wait to visit again. Oh and it's pet friendly for leased animals outside where we sat.Shimmy Shack is a fun place to go. I miss the sign man though. Outside the restaurant there is a big billboard sized sign out front located in their parking lot, the sign would change weekly? maybe daily... anyway, whoever was in charge of the sign would come up with some fun phrases or joked or advice for the day or the week. It just used to make me smile and I so miss it. Just a suggestion to bring the sign back.
So on to the restaurant, this place is ok. I never had an amazing meal here, the food is decent. But the ambience has always been fun, you can dine outside and there are TV's to watch sports, the wait staff is always friendly and, the drinks are good.
In fact if there is one drink you should order, it should be the bloody mary which is not on the menu oddly enough. It is located on the napkin or the table menu I think? Anyway, the drink had some good flavor to it, it could have been a little spicier but overall very smooth, not too thick and there is a meal inside your glass - which I loved! 
I recommend coming here for sports games and for drinks, very fun casual place.Sad Sad. Why so sad? Well it's because this place actually has decent food and a very nice outside area that is completely negated by the lack of customer service and atmosphere.  This place does have a solid alcohol selection and the food is fine. I have had their Shimmy burger, the grilled Chicken sandwich, the buffalo salad, and a few apps like their fried pickles and irish nachos. Is the food astounding? No it is not, but for a little place in River Ridge it wouldn't be bad to have this as an option for food.  I actually really like the Shimmy sauce on anything fried (sorry Arteries).  The prices are a little on the high side , but even that isn't the big blow to this place.  Besides the awful depressed feeling I get when I read their terrible Marque , their service is just the worst.  It may not even be the service. For all I know their kitchen could be a guy trying to start a fire with two twigs.  Do not even expect to have a quick bite to eat at this shack. I could never come here for a lunch hour, it is just impossible unless you have well over an hour and half for lunch (live it up you king of kings).  Now for dinner I am never one to rush a dinner so that wouldn't be so bad to be on a nice date for over an hour especially if you have a cool outside deck area.  However, They allow smoking on that area and they keep their doors open so if someone is smoking on that deck you can't enjoy the outside view of the shell station nor eat inside with out smelling the smoke.  Sorry smokers, I heard there is a shell station across the street, try smoking there, let's see what happens. 
So besides the smoke filled outside area, the open doors they keep inside, the terribly awful wait for food, and the fact that I waited forever to get a refill (I actually really feel sorry for the waitresses here) have I mentioned that stupid marque this place has. I am sure the owner thinks its a gas to put the worst jokes in the world on his sign, but come on. If you paid as much attention to your customers as you do to updating your sign every week your reviews would not be so shi**y.  That is what I refer to this place as when I pass it, "The Shi**y Shack" .  
Like I said its a shame because some of the food is actually good. 
The Good:
Some of the food
The Shimmy Sauce
parking
The Bad:
The jokes
The dark dingy atmosphere
some of the prices
The Ugly:
The amount of time it takes to get your food will literally cause your face to melt, and that ain't pretty!
Cut out the smoking on the deck.  Sorry smokers but your smoke is getting in my fried pickles. If I wanted to wait 2 hours for a smoke filled plate of food I could just ask my great aunt Mary to make me a sandwich (she had arthritis and I never saw the woman with out a cigarette in her mouth God rest her soul)This place is totally off the beaten path as far as my travels of the city and surrounding areas go. I'm not often found in Harahan so when my boyfriend suggested The Shimmy Shack I figured it would be worth a try. 
This is a seat yourself joint but once your in the chair don't expect immediate service. I looked around for a bit wondering if anyone would ever come to the table. I heard our to-be server ask the bartender to "drink" us and she came over with a smile shortly thereafter.
I will break it down: The service was OK. Our server was spread out with tables inside and outside so when she was a little slow I understood. However, it was nice that the bartender checked in on us a few times too.
Atmosphere was interesting -- loved the old menus on the wall from restaurants around the city. The music however must have been a CD on repeat because one song that played a few times kept skipping. Poor Frank Sinatra deserves better than that.
I ordered off the wall (they list their specials on the wall by the front door). We started off with two appetizers the "bacon dusted" cajun fries and fried pickles. Both were not necessary. I could have done without the pickles but the boy said he would have rather not ordered the fries.
The name is extremely literal. The fries must have had some sort of bacon flavored seasoning on them because there wasn't a bit of bacon to be found. They didn't taste very bacon-y just... seasoned. They were passable and it's very rare that I meet a fry I don't like. The pickles on the other hand were well battered. Many fried pickles are breaded poorly and a mushy pickle mess is what you're left with. These stayed crisp! Love that. Two appetizers were unnecessary as the portions were huge!
For entrees I ordered the blackened catfish with shrimp cheddar grits which was interesting. I wouldn't order it again but it wasn't the worst thing I've eaten.
The boy ordered the cuban burger which was pretty yummy! Cooked exactly how he ordered it and served with fries. If we went back I would order it for myself.
Three stars. I could take it or leave it.Casual place for good eats. Service was good, soda tasted weak. The 8 oz sirloin steak my husband had was very tasty and worth the price. The Shrimp was very fresh and tasty.Sat down, took us 10 minutes to get menus, 15 minutes later the waiter came back to take our drink order. At this point we decided to not only put in our ENTIRE order including drinks, appetizers and entree. Seeing how it took us around a half hour to initially speak with the waiter, we weren't sure when the next opportunity we'd have to speak to him again! 10-15 minutes later the waiter comes back with our drinks, we had each ordered a beer/cocktail and each a water. He had forgotten to grab the water. He said he'd be right back with that and straws. I finally had to go up to the bar to get our waters after waiting a while and not having him return. So after 35-45 minutes we finally get our drink order "delivered" to us. We sat around waiting for our apps to come out for around for around another 30+ minutes, our waiter not once checking on us. Another server approached our table and asked us if we needed menus. I politely said no thank you and that we had already placed our order and were waiting for it to come out. At this point our waiter looked over at us and appeared to look flustered. He ran back into the kitchen and never came back to see us. Another waitress who we had not previously spoken with came up to our table about 5-10 minutes later and said "I'm so sorry, for some reason it seems as if your ticket has been misplaced or lost and the order was never put in". At this point I was livid. Did our waiter just never turn the ticket in? Did the kitchen lose it? I also don't know why our waiter couldn't have been the one to come over and give us the news, but I guess that would require him to actually check up on us! Anyway, he FINALLY came back after we were informed our order was never placed and apologized. He asked if we wanted to place it again. We just wanted leave at this point. He informed us he understood and that after we paid our drink bill we could head out of there. Shortly after, someone else who seemed to be a little more in charge and on the ball came to our table and said don't worry about paying for our 2 drinks as it wasn't necessary after their mistake. I left 2$ that hopefully went to whoever bussed the table and not the waiter, then left.
I've worked as a waiter and done other jobs in the service industry so realize it can be stressful sometimes. However, this waiter was just bad. I don't know if this guy was new or what but there is room for plenty for improvement. When we ordered, we asked if we could substitute cheese grits for rice. He replied by saying he wasn't sure but didn't think it was possible. As a waiter, "I would say I'm not certain. Let me go check with the kitchen real quick and let you know". Though, I guess it didn't really matter, seeing as we never actually received the food. Needless to say, very disappointed.Ok soooooo! Mommy and I are at Shimmy Shack, around 2:30-3ish if you don't want a crowd this is a good time to dine...ok here's the thing the food is ok, I had the Jimmy's grilled chicken ranch and Mommy had the French Onion soup with a salad...but our waitress Shanti makes a dammmmmmmmn good Margarita....so if you're looking for something lite to eat and an awesome mixed drink ask for Shanti she's the bomb at the bar!!!Wow We just ate at the Shimmy Shack, it was delicious & we had a fantastic waitress named Jessica! The bartender made us a delicious Margarita & Rum punch... yummy!Me and my boyfriend came here for a late lunch. We got alligator sausage, a Cuban flat and a Cuban burger. Both super duper good, and don't get even get me started on how tasty the fries were!!! 
But our server had ZERO personality and it felt like he didn't want to be bothered :(, but he WAS NOT rude tho. 
I'll definitely go again!I'm here in the New Orleans area for work and found this place just driving by. Stopped in and YES this is a cool vibey bar and grill. Samples the local newer NOLA blonde and I had the blackened shrimp quesadilla. BEST dilla I've had and paired well with the NOLA blonde.  
If your in this area you have to stop in and sample their flavor, it rocksI've been going to Shimmy Shack for years and never had a problem until last night. Although the food is good and the servers are always so nice and attentive the owner of the place is beyond disrespectful. 
Me and two others went to eat last night around 8:00 and they ordered a bucket of beer. 5 beers for $12. 
Two out of 5 of the beers were expired, flat and smelled terrible. We got the first one exchanged for a better one but when we asked for them to take the second one back the owner, Jimmy Collins I believe, threw a tantrum on how it is just a beer and to "get Budweiser or something". 
At first I thought he was joking until he got noticeably mad and took the bucket off of our ticket. We never asked for free beer we simply asked for a beer that wasn't expired. Jimmie said he never wants us to come back after removing it from our ticket. He told us to pay and get out. I would understand his rudeness a little more if we had an attitude but this was really a quick fix. Maybe if he wasn't so lazy and knew how to run a business correctly the beers would be rotated and it could have been avoided. 
While we were talking I kept trying to explain that we just wanted another beer he shoved his hand in my face TWICE. He told me to shut up, that I wasn't the one he was talking to and that I need to mind my business. I've heard things about Jimmy being rude to his employees, that would explain why it's a new staff almost every time we go, but I never thought I would hear a BUSINESS OWNER talk to a paying customer that way. Especially if we were never even in the slightest bit rude to him. I hope no one else has to experience such a rude person and I wouldn't advise eating here to anyone. There are more places around harahan to eat that aren't completely mediocre with a disrespectful, drunk as an owner.I have gone to Shimmy Shack a few times and every time it's ok, with other times slightly better than others. Overall, I find the place very inconsistent when it comes to the service and the time it takes for your food to arrive. I stopped attempting to eat lunch here altogether because I can't take the risk of a 90 minute lunch. The service is mediocre, you will get what you need, but nothing else. If your food does take an abnormally long time, don't expect an apology of any sorts. On another occasion when I was there with a group the door was propped open and our table was next to the door. it happened to be a gusty day and napkins and menus were going air born and after 10 minutes of trying to keep everything pinned down we asked if the door could be closed. The waitress said, ok, but I can't promise the owner won't just open it back up. I just thought that was a very bizarre response. 
My other grievance is they allow smoking on the patio. Yes, I understand its outside, but its also in the middle of a dining area where you can smell the smoke while you are eating and have your clothes smelling awful when you leave. Taking a pleasant outside dining experience to a gross toxic smelling dining experience. 
On with the good, the fried pickles are good and of course it pairs well with the namesake Shimmy sauce, which is good on just about anything. It's a mayo based concoction with a little bit of heat behind it. I get the chicken salad often and the chicken is always fried really well and has a great crisp to it. 
They have fun interior decor which makes it seem very fun and inviting, only I think that invitation is only for the bar regulars.This place has great prices and amazing food. Not to mention excellent customer service. Will be back!
Update as of February 2017
From 5 stars to 2 stars. The food is still good, however, their service was horrible. The wait staff the last few trips has been terrible. Very slow, even if it's not busy. Doesn't check in. Had to request to place our order after we finished eating our appetizer. Just a very subpar attitude. So disappointing with how great they first were.
Update as of October 2017
From 2 stars to 1 star. We tried once again and decided that we will no longer be going to this establishment. Not only is the food quality severely going downhill from when we first went, the customer service is still just as bad. Super slow and poor quality service along with a poor food quality means it is time for us to just cut the ties. Ashamed since they were delicious when we had first started going there.The Shimmy Shack is basically a comfortable dive like neighborhood restaurant.  Before I actually ever ate here, I knew it as the place with the funny puns on their signs.  Some have gotten all butt hurt by some of their sayings in this overly sensitive politically correct robotic society that we are currently in.  I'm sure that statement offended somebody as well.  Boo freaking hoo.  
Anywho, we came here after a Zephyrs game and started off with a few drinks and some Fried oysters, spinach, and brie on a baked pita.  Holy smokes this was good!  This dish could have been served at Restaurant August it was so good.  The only exception to this dish being served at a fancier establishment is that the portion size was large.
After a few beer and the app, I got overly ambitious and ordered a burger.  Not just any burger but this huge monstrosity of a burger.  I got what was called the Blarney Stone Burger.  It included 1 large patty which was 1/2 ground beef, 1/2 hot sausage, corned beef hash, pepper jack cheese, bacon, and a fried egg.  I'm damn near 40....this is a burger for a 20 year old.  I needed a bottom of Nexium, some Maalox and a difibulator by the time I was done.  The burger was tasty but the hot sausage overpowered the whole thing.  I think a little less sausage and more beef would have balanced out the flavors more.  The burger comes with fries but those are crinkle cut frozen crap.  Blah.    
Come for the burgers and that oyster app, totally worth it just get a different side.  Shimmy Shack is a fun place with some hidden gems on the menu.Probably not going back to this place. Food was ok the two time I've gone. I've notice the Obama hatred displayed in this restaurant and can't find myself to give them my money again. Instead of going nurtural with politics they have to show hate, witch is fine it's your business display what u want. I just choose to go else where for now on.The food is ok if you don't mind listening to the racial drunk owner yell at the employees and customers and tell the same stories over and over and God forbid you ask to have the tv channel changed. He'll scream at you and the bartender who tries to change it for you then tell you to get your own f...... restaurant while his wife sits at the end of the bar drinking wine with her head buried in the sand meanwhile the service is horrible. Everytime we go there it's a new employee. Can't imagine why ! So if you like to pay to be subjected to a drunk and bad service I highly recommend the ShackI'm surprised at some of the negative reviews here since I've always had a good experience here.  It's a fun place with a lot of character.  It's mostly a bar but has a full menu.  Last time I was there I had the oysters with brie and bacon appetizer and the gator sausage poboy and both were fantastic.  I also had a bloody mary that came out with so many vegetables and 3 kinds of meat, and the bartender had even made a little man doing a hula out of a little sausage with an onion and peppercorns for the eyes! It was almost too cute to eat.  Service can be slow sometimes when the place gets busy but I've always enjoyed the food.GET THE FISH TACOS WITH LOTS OF SIDE AVOCADO SAUCE
Shimmy Shack has an unimpressive general menu. The atmosphere is a bit oppressive and service a bit too indifferently hostile. But no place is perfect. However if you stick to my script you will have a great experience:
GET THE FISH TACOS WITH LOTS OF SIDE AVOCADO SAUCE
Fish tacos are pretty much a no fail, but here they are the specialty and well executed.  But what's unique is the avocado sauce. (See pic) It's last meal worthy.  My suggestion, order them as the chef suggests, then get a side of extra sauce...maybe two.  A good pairing with a double house margarita.I can't believe this was my first time in this restaurant. I absolutely love their outdoor sitting area! The food was great too. We had the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer and at first I was skeptical because I don't like marinara sauce but MY OH MY! Their marinara sauce is to die for. For entrees we had the blueberry pulled pork sliders and the Jimmy's chicken ranch sandwich. The pork sliders came with onion rings and you can tell they are made from scratch because they were just perfect. The sliders had a very unique/interesting flavor, I never thought that blueberry and pork would be so great together. The sandwich WOW WOW WOW! Mouthwatering! Just perfection! A bit difficult to eat because they don't skimp on the chicken but I didn't mind taking some leftovers for dinner later! I can say that this was the best chicken sandwich that I've ever had. The service and employees were ok. They were really busy but they were always very attentive. We will definitely go back to this restaurant because of their food and environment.Terrible place to eat not worth UR time or money had Artichoke dip as a appetizer very dry very bland also had a shrimp platter the badder was falling off the shrimp and the service was terrible.I will never eat here again I would have done better eating at taco bellFood was not worth the price and service unfriendly. It use to be a good place, but
I don't know what happened.Not sure why so many negative reviews here!!!! I've been going to the Shimmy Shack for over 6 years now and am always 1000% pleased. Food is delicious, well priced, and staff is super fun and friendly. Great place for game days, hungover brunch, and Cuban sandwiches!This place has the funniest sayings/jokes out front! Cool lil spot with an outdoor bar with a tv. We stopped in to order food to go. I like the ecclectic decor. We had a beer while we waited...staff was friendly and answered questions we had about the menu.
Anyone who knows me knows that im a huge fan of the oyster so i chose the fried oyster ceasar salad. My guy got the white beans and pork chop. My salad was pretty good..could have used a few more oysters. The white beans were good as well. Pork chop wasnt like a typical pan fried one..it was encrusted with i thk panko breadcrumbs. I enjoyed the crunch and flavor of it. Definitely want to dine in next time bc they have a lot of tasty sounding items on their menu. They have a small parking lot and prices were reasonable.