I usually wait until I've tried a place 3 times before reviewing.  Last night was the third, and each time was better than the last.  The menu changes enough so it isn't stale or predictable.  The special last night was snapper and it was fresh and pan roasted to perfection.  I had Duck Confit and it was the best I've ever had (and I've had them a lot).  Comfortable, easy to talk, and great food.  Can't beat it!Wonderful! Five of us ordered a good percentage of the menu and there wasn't a single dish we didn't enjoy. Service from Bethany was great. Really great eat-in bar and comfortable table seating. What an excellent place.We arrived for our reservation meeting friends, I have stayed away because friends said it had attitude but wanted to see for myself. Boy should i have listened. 
We ordered from their VERY LIMTED menu and the steak came with fries, being on a diet with no
Potato I asked to substitute the only other veg on the menu. I was told in no uncertain terms that there were NO SUBSTITUTIONS! How silly as there are only two
Items as sides. The restaurant manager had to be called over she didn't come on her own. They really suffer from to hip syndrome. It's pretty but food is Mediocre and the  staff stinks at making a good experience. I'm sure they spit in my food. Vest la vie. Don't bother with this one as there are many ACCOMMODATING restaurants in New Orleans to eat here.Some of best food I've had so far after a month of living in New Orleans. Serving sizes are decent and the food is very reasonably priced for the great quality meal you're getting. They also have a very affordable happy hour with $5 cocktails from 5-7pm. 
The only ding was slow service. Our waitress was nice and did seem like she was trying, but the wait time between having appetizers cleared and being served our main courses was ~30 minutes. On top of this, the main courses were missing an aioli that didn't come until everyone was finished eating. Maybe a problem in the kitchen? Who knows. Nbd though, the quality of the food and the good attitude from our server made up for it.Every bite was superb!  LOVED this place and will return often.I don't usually go for super trendy restaurants, and my visit to The Franklin reminded me why. Three of us arrived for dinner at about 6pm (they don't take reservations, so you have to chance it) and were told it would be 1.5 - 2 hrs for a table. We said sure and headed to Mimi's (at the end of the block) for some cocktails. 1.5 hours goes by.... 2 hours go by... 
We went back to The Franklin to see if they forgot about us. Nope, they were just still full. We tried to squeeze in by the bar but there wasn't any place to sit or even stand. We were finally seated around 8:30. The food was delicious, but really pricey and with pretty small portions. The avocado tempura with crab meat was amazing & the peanut butter and jelly ice cream dessert was wonderful. 
Overall, I feel kind of meh about this place. Sure, the food was good and the drinks were decent, but unless you have most of your night to devote to dinner, I'd recommend elsewhere.One of the best meals I've had while traveling to New Orleans. The Franklin is sorta like a hipster/low-key restaurant. Walking in, I automatically felt very chill and relaxed. The menu is seasonal so that was a plus. This review is based on the appetizers only. 
Caramelized Pork yakamein- overly salty for my taste but the manager was very nice and took it off our check
Fried Oysters- Fresh crispy oysters served with bacon and tomato jam what could you go wrong with that. It was amazing. 
Grilled Octopus- I've never had octopus that was so tender as this. Everything about this dish from the octopus to the potatoes to the beet gastrique was superb! Highly recommend this dish
BBQ Ribs- sure I thought it was going to be a basic Ribs but nope I was wrong. They make their bbq sauce with pomegranate! When the dish came out you could smell the sweetness and vinegar smell coming out from it. As soon as I pick a rib up the meat just falls off the bone. It was divine. The flavors was well balanced and refreshing topped off with mint. 
Overall I enjoy most of the appetizers I order. I highly recommend this restaurant to others. Give it a try. They seem to get pack quicklyI've never had a bad experience here. The food and drinks are always good. Sometimes we just drop in for dessert and drinks and it's amazing!YES YES YES YES YES YES! To me, the best place to grab a bite or a drink in the Bywater. Fantastic cocktails and wonderful staff (living for Carolyn, probably my favorite bartender in the whole wide world.) Awesome vibe and design.This is a hip little space with an excellent bar and bartenders. They do a wonderfully creative Mexican brunch on the weekends with fun Latin vibe tunes playing to get you in the mood to eat their flavorful dishes. I highly recommend the fresh juices the colors of each just makes you feel healthy as you consume them. They are pricey for the small portion but so fresh an interesting. The staff here could not be nicer too. Very conversational and welcoming. The dinner many features a lot of fresh seafood but their vegetarian entree is a welcome addition to the menu and done very well. Defiantly a spot to check out!This place was close to where we were staying and had good reviews so we figured it would be a safe bet for a good meal. Unfortunately we were not impressed. The octopus was a little chewy and the lamb ribs were not bad but not great. I did enjoy the crispy pork belly. The staff and atmosphere were both great!After a long drive down from Nashville, my friend and I were tired, cranky, and most of all, hangry. We left our Airbnb in the search for food and stumbled upon this little gem on the border of Marigny and Bywater. The restaurant is somewhat Gothic, dark and romantic with an intimate feel. We grabbed a seat at the bar and were greeted by Ajax, a friendly and experienced barkeep who earns a star all on his own. I ordered the grilled gulf shrimp (it is NOLA, after all), served on a bed of gnocci with a pork shank. The food was nothing less than spectacular, flavorful and complex. After we were finished, Ajax and a couple of Franklin regulars gave us a rundown of the best places to go in the French Quarter; this seems like a favorite haunt of the locals. 
My only concern with The Franklin was price point. While the quality of the food definitely matched what I was paying, I also felt like the portion sizes were a little underwhelming. Being a big guy doesn't help, but if I'm paying northwards of $30, I like to leave the table feeling satisfied instead of wanting more. If eating until you're uncomfortable isn't a hobby of yours, however, bookmark The Franklin for a visit.I enjoyed my dinner there the other night. My friends took me there for my birthday. 
Very good food. My party had 4 appetizers, 3 entrees, 3 deserts, and 3 drinks, all for $150.00. Definitely a good price for the amount and quality of food. I wish I had the menu in front of me so I could give you all of the names of every dish we had. I had a seafood soup-like dish. My friend had the sweetbreads. Another friend had chicken. For apps, we had pommes frites, tuna tartar with watermelon, mushrooms, and...can't remember the other. One of the desserts consisted of coconut sorbet with a chocolate icing, kind of like a cake. The other dish included some yummy ice cream.
The service was good although it took a tad long for the food to come out. The interior is beautiful. The only thing I didn't like is the vaguely hipster atmosphere. The wait staff all looked like hipsters, and they all wrote these black outfits that reminded me of the Munsters. 
Truth be told, I would rather see a lower-end restaurant open in the neighborhood, one that does not cater to the newbies gentrifying the neighborhood.  The original resides of the Bywater and the Marigny deserve not to be priced out of their own streets.An out of the way place and very interesting. 
When we got there it wasn't full, at all, but when we left it was getting to the 'fashionable" eating hour-meaning pretty late. Even when it did fill up the noise level wasn't ear splitting at all.
Anyway the food-the five of us started with:
FRIED OYSTERS $11(As I don't eat Oysters I can't personally attest to how they were but seeing as the plate was empty i would guess that the others liked them.)
BLUE CRAB & CORN CROQUETTES $12 (I'd just gotten off a plane after a day of traveling so i can't be 100% sure that this was ordered but I think it was. In any case it should've been as it sounds great!)
LAMB RIBS $12
The Crab/Corn were flavorful and moist but NOT soggy and the Ribs were succulent. I just popped a rib in my mouth a the meat came away clean. 
I had the JERK GULF FISH $23 which incorporated a lot of different flavors and textures, which I just love and think is a great plus.
We shared a bottle of wine I forget what it was but I can say that it was wet, red and good. 
We skipped desert for the sake of the 6 yr old child with us who was pretty much asleep as it was way past his normal bedtime. But the desert menu did look very interesting.Got there with two others around 10:30 on a Friday night so didn't have to wait for a table. Had the following:
Tomato & Cheese crostini--good
Shrimp fritters with pineapple--very good
Escargot mini-po-boy--OMG! LOVE this!!!!!
Avocado tempura topped with crab meat--OMG! Love this too!!
Steak and strawberry tartar--Unreal--a meal unto itself!! (tho I might've preferred softer bread to go with it to absorb the jus)
I then had the pork loin with chutney tart(?) which was very good.
One friend had a soft shell crab w/pasta special that was amazing.
The other had a special appetizer--grilled cheese topped with chanterelle mushrooms which was different and much better than it sounds. The 'shrooms alone were divine!
Service (by the lovely Janeline) was perfect--especially appreciated her finding candles to go with dessert as it was one friend's birthday. And everything was very reasonably priced--please keep it that way! (I'm guessing the tab would've been 40% more in NYC.)I've been here two days in a row and the staff might be sick of me, but I think if I could eat at one restaurant for the rest of my life this would be it. It is quite dark, but how do you think your mom felt in Hollister Co shopping for your middle school wardrobe? It's time you know her pain. Go for happy hour and try the marinated crab legs. You should probably order two orders of them. You won't regret it.Just reviewing the bar as we did not eat there.
Great late night bar. David, our bartender both in October and in July, was attentive but not pushy, mixes a mean drink, does a great pour and curates a terrific playlist.
Noise level low enough to talk at the bar and lighting engaging enough to stay.
The menu looks terrific. Next time a dinner, no question.I really wanted to like this place, and after the first course, I thought we had found a good one.  But the fact is, my entree was inedible, and my boyfriend's was completely one dimensional.  After spending over $100, we actually left hungry.
I broke my rule of never ordering the special pasta from a restaurant that I don't have confirmation actually knows how to do pasta right.  I wish I hadn't.  I have that rule for a reason.  After the appetizer was quite good and well-executed (the avo with crab) I thought I would be in the clear.  But even after I begged the waitress to bring me some parm, some salt, literally *anything* to make it taste like something other than boiled, crappy, cheap beef fat, I couldn't get it much of it down.  It was well-made fresh pasta that was completely ruined by a disgustingly fatty, under-seasoned sauce.  I'm not one to send things back, or make a fuss, but I regret not asking for my money back.  It was that extreme of a circumstance and while I didn't make a fuss, I had a hard time hiding my distaste for it from the waitress I fear.  
My boyfriend's coq au vin was not nearly up to our standards (though I admit, they are high for that dish).  It was a very minimal, Americanized version lacking in any complexity.  The richness that comes from really cooking the wine was lacking, as if it had been rushed.  Anyone who has a had a proper version of this dish knows it tastes like much more than just chicken cooked in wine when done right.  This version did not.
I hope they get their act together with the main courses.  The small plates that we had indicated that there is hope, but I wouldn't go back for anything until I got confirmation from a trusted source that they figured it out.So I was meeting friends here, and when I finally figured out which building they were talking about (in the dark), then I couldn't figure out which door was the entrance...turns out there are two. So confusing. 
Once I found myself inside, I enjoyed the clean but clubby atmosphere. I enjoyed my time at the bar and will have to put this sot on my list of places to try for dinner when I'm in this part of town. 
Since I was early, I was at the bar by myself for a bit and was made welcome which is a plus in any establishment.I had high hopes for The Franklin, but I was not blown away by my overall experience. 
Firstly, as a resident of the neighborhood, I really appreciate that they rehabbed a vacant & blighted building. I enjoyed the atmosphere. The decor is chic and trendy, the noise level is moderate. The dining room is divided, which creates intimacy and keeps the noise level down.
The service was decent, considering our server had obviously never had a waiting job before, and her knowledge of the menu was limited, at best. She was very sweet though, and we weren't in a hurry, so it didn't matter much.
Their cocktail menu is crafty and trendy. A complete list of their liquors would have been useful and would have saved the server a trip to the bar to write down the list of rums.
Small plates: Shrimp fritters w/ pineapple & peanut sauce and creole tomato and brie plate. Both were good.
Salads: the root vegetable salad was excellent and the presentation was beautiful. The green salad with curry dressing tasted like a mouthful of curry. WAY too heavy on the curry - not so good.
Entrees: 
1) Softshell crab with vermicelli salad - very good. The crab was delicate and well cooked and the vermicelli salad was bright, light, and complemented the fried crab very well. 
2) The gulf fish w/a risotto-type side (forgot exactly what) was rich and well seasoned. 
3) The pork chop with chutney turnover was a huge disappointment. The presentation was bad, the pork chop was tough and dry, and the sauce was bland and unimpressive. Pork chops aren't rocket science, I make a better one at home.
Dessert: no complaints here. Flourless chocolate cake w/coconut ice cream and house-made coffee ice cream did not disappoint. 
Overall, not the worst dining experience I've had in New Orleans, but I probably won't return. There are many other places in town to have an outstanding meal.A friend and I were wandering around looking for a drink and stumbled across this amazingly cute and hip bar! The drinks here we're creative and reasonably priced. The bartenders were friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend!What a wonderful experience.  If you know me, you know how much I love good bartenders.  If you don't know me, I'll tell you, I love good bartenders.  A couple of cocktails later, let me tell you, the Franklin has good bartenders.
Food.  Bomb.  Tender octopus, flavorful, fresh tasting ceviche, smooth, rich avacado/cucumber/crab soup and a hell of a flank steak.
Thank you very much for the wonderful experience, we also witnessed a man save another man's life with the Heimlich, though that had no bearing on my dining experience, it was crazy how quick this guy leaped into action, while I sat there in a confused, buzzed stupor.  You are a role model man in the restaurant, I am not.I returned to the Franklin with my sister a couple of weeks ago. My sister had dined there in November and she was so in love with the octopus that she wanted to go back.
We made a reservation for an early dinner and showed up to the place empty. We were the first customers of the night. I started out with a satsuma caipirinha, which I wished was a little bit sweeter. I guess I could've asked for some simple syrup or something, but I didn't speak up, so no stars have been deducted for that.
We ordered tuna tartare, grilled baby octopus, duck confit pappardelle, and braised pork shank & grilled shrimp. The tuna tartare was my absolute favorite item from this meal. They got the Korean flavors down to perfection on this dish. And we're Korean. The combination of the Asian pear, the kimchi juice, and the seaweed (I expected small pieces of nori, but it wasn't nori! It was miyeok-julgi, green seaweed stems) was PERFECT for the tuna. The octopus was good, but even my sister said that it wasn't as good as the first time, so either she was having one of those the-second-time-is-never-as-impressive moments or the octopus really was better during her first visit. The pappardelle was good, but there was not a single crispy piece of duck, and when I hear duck confit I want the crispiness, so that was a bit disappointing. Lastly, the shrimp was delicious. It doesn't look like a lot of food at first, but we struggled to finish the last bits of the braised pork.
Service was okay, but considering how slow it was when we first arrived, we thought that our server could have checked in on us a bit earlier to take our order. She also wasn't the friendliest, but maybe it was just the Marigny/Bywater vibe?Great find in New Orleans, service was excellent, food was amazing! Started with a fried oyster sushi roll, braised duck rib, tuna nachos and amazing beef tips.Amazing interesting menu, great service and fun delicious cocktails. Everything we tried was top notch!  I am a total foodie and this was one of my favorite top 10 meals of all time! Off the tourist beat and path but a must stop for both locals and tourists! Wish I lived closer (I was there visiting) so I could go again!Our airbnb hostess in the margny suggested this dinner spot while we were in town.  It was 10 min walking distance from our place in the margny.  The interior atmosphere was very classy although u could feel comfortable in casual clothes.  Lighting was a bit dark so it was problematic 2 read the menus.  The food was outstanding, but the service was lacking and that is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.I frequent our city's best restaurants, Coquette, Peche, Herbsaint, Compere Lapin etc. I  have eaten at The Franklin twice in the last month I can comfortably say it needs to be considered right up there with those I mentioned. It's been a long time coming, but I think it is easily in the top ten now.  Well done guys, I'll be back.Hipster New Orleans at its indifferent best. Terrific food and cocktails, snotty service. When asked if we might be served and out in 45 minutes to make another commitment, our waitperson said "I make no guarantees." There might have been other ways to handle this, like "Let's see what we have on the menu that might be quick," or "I'll see what I can do."  Cocktails were fresh and unique, small plates were quite tasty, but the service would keep me away. Too many places with great food AND great service.Bad service, hour and  a half wait for large party to have our table given to the latest walk in. Forgotten drinks, dinnerware and rude waitstaff.Unreal. Everything we had was incredible! The tuna special was divine. The shrimp and grits and the pork loin with Brussels sprouts were both amazing! My husband and I have tried nearly every restaurant in the area, and this was definitely our favorite. The service was so friendly and informative, the environment is warm but contemporary. The food, however, was the best part of the night - as it should be! And at the end of the meal, the bill was surprisingly reasonable, especially considering we had quite a few drinks. Come here. You will be happy you did.My favorite dish in NOLA!
Loved the sweetbreads with oxtail! The sweetbreads were nicely seared and you could really taste the flavors. The oxtail gave it a nice meatiness. Really delicious flavors!
We were super full so we only shared that dish and sat at the bar. I wish I tried some more dishes!
The bartenders (David and Jefferson) were both super friendly and welcoming. Really loved the service we received.
It's a little out of the way and in the middle of nowhere, but definitely worth a trip. We walked over around 9pm and the neighborhood was eerily quiet, so take a cab if you don't want to take a creepy walk.
A must go in New Orleans!Very inventive menu that works. Great value for the price of both small and large plate dishes. Sweetbreads were outstanding. Good speciality cocktails. Since there are no reservations a line forms at 6:00 when doors open for dinner. The place fills up and puts pressure on kitchen since all orders are placed at same time. Expect to wait a bit longer than usual for appetizers and entrees.I have to agree with the somewhat negative reviews above.  My main complaints are the limited menu, by the glass wine list and beer list.  I thought the room was fine, an attractive remodel of what was there before.  My daughter wanted a beer, there were very few options.  There were maybe five white wines by the glass from a large and pricey list.  I was most disappointed with my tasty shrimp and grits; why not remove the heads?  I had to remove those suckers by digging into the nice sauce and grits, it was a messy process.  I don't think any of our group was really enthused about the dishes we were served.  Hopefully this will all improve as it's great to have more nice options in the Marigny/Bywater.  On the positive side, the servers were nice.wow it's been a while since I've reviewed - and things have changed a lot. time for an update. 
there's a new chef, and the cuisine has been elevated. the lobster bisque i had recently was incredible. i also had a shrimp and pork shank dish that was delicious. four large, head on shrimp over a large portion of slow cooked, tender pork and browned gnocchi. so yummy! 
everything is thoughtful, and I've never had a dish I didn't like. the sweetbreads with crawfish are amazing, and a good introduction to sweetbreads if you haven't eaten them before.
I also like the ambiance (see my last review for more there). 
my one quibble is the oyster pricing. they aren't particularly large...they seem to be the same gulf oysters served everywhere else, they're just expensive. and I maintain they should never have gotten rid of chargrilled and they don't need the fried. they're above that dish! but these are my minor complaints from eating here probably too much.Our third night in New Orleans we decided to try the local neighborhood where we were staying: Bywater/Marigny. Perhaps the standard was set a little high with our two previous NOLA dining experiences. Here is my take on The Franklin: This place has a lot of upside. The restaurant has a very cool and intimate vibe. I understand it, its a neighborhood hang out spot. We arrived a little early and were four of but a few diners. Within the hour, the room was packed. Points added for an adventurous menu, but you've got to execute the basics, every time.... The hamachi Crudo and hearts of palm salad we selected were fantastic. The roasted chicken was over cooked. I would like to note, that I still ate every last morsel. I like this restaurant. If I lived locally, I'd visit it often. Accentuate the local New Orleans sensibilities and steer away from the enticing outside distractions. Points also for selecting locally sourced ingredients.
I hope your restaurant does well. 
Our server seemed to be having a bad night, she was disinterested and rolled her eyes at our order. Not what we've experienced given New Orleans charming people.The Franklin is a cute little place tucked away in the Marigny neighborhood of New Orleans.  From the outside things are very unassuming, but once inside you cannot help but notice the art and talk to interesting people.  I was so delighted with the place that I went to eat there two nights on my ten night visit!  The first night that I was there, friends kept trickling in and I got to try a wide variety of food.  We started with some sort of blue crab with a fresh herb dipping sauce.  I don't even like crab, and I could not stop eating this crunchy delicious appetizer.  I had a little bit of hanger steak, some sort of pasta, and some other seafood dishes.  It's ok that I have left off the details here, because the menu is fresh and changes regularly.  I can honestly say, I did not have a bite of anything that I did not enjoy!  The chocolate cake was rich and chocolatey.  When I returned my highlights included Hamachi crudo and beef tartar.  Both dishes had great texture and intricate details, unlike anything I have had before.  I cannot even describe what style of food is served here because it is a mix of influences from all over the world.  The Latin world and New Orleans definitely have the strongest presence in the food that I sampled, but the flavors are much more complicated than this.  My watermelon beet salad was so fresh and yummy, I did not even crave a dessert my second visit!This place is excellent, a real locals place and is 5 star excellent.
The food was all amazing, good enough that you'd want to go back for more.
The drink list was really good, my wife and I each loved our cocktails.
It is in a good looking building with a cool interior.
The service was on point but not over bearing.
And the bar is big enough and cool enough that you'd stay after dinner for a drink if you wanted to.
I'd definitely go back.Great atmosphere, employees and foods! I was originally planning to visit Mimi, which is right across the block but it was cash only. However, I'm really glad I came here instead. Employees are super nice and their cod croquettes are top notch. Must visit while u are in the city!I've been here twice before, and it was good...so when our friends from out of town came to visit, we thought this place would be a good choice. And unfortunately we were very wrong.
At the bar I recognized the chef from our previous visits and said hello...and because they had added new dishes to the menu he talked about the ones he'd recommend.
We listened but then ordered what we wanted...but then one of the chefs suggestions showed up at our table, (we thought as a gesture of good service), and also because earlier we bought him and the bar tend a round of shots.
The bill showed up and we were charged for the dish we never ordered. In addition the waitress "accidentally " charged us $40 per glass of wine, when we pointed this out to her she was sort of kind of apologetic...but not really. We all found ourselves thinking, was that really a mistake?
Then two days later my wife noticed 'The Franklin' had charged our credit card twice that night.
Although the place was almost empty when we left, and the chef and waitstaff were all hanging out at the bar when we passed by to leave, no one said 'goodbye' or 'thank you' or even acknowledged our exit.
Almost goes without saying, my Bywater/Marigny neighborhood has many nice places to dine and drink, The Franklin is NOT one of them.
I hope someone with some integrity buys that place and makes it into a reflection of our neighborhood...soon.Food is delicious but the drinks took so long weird weed and ate our apps before they arrived.  Ordered another round with only 14 people in the restaurant took 30 minutes!!
Fire the bartender!!This was our first time. Awesome ambiance. It was after work time on a Friday. Service was impeccable.  Our server knew the menu well and rattled off the specials like a pro. Just the right amount of attention. The manager stopped by a couple times to make sure everything was "tasting great?"  We had the raw fish app, fried oysters and crusted tuna entree'. The salad was amazing. Arugula, hearts of palm, avocado, and green goddess vinaigrette dressing. It's nice to be able to do a series of small plates or a more traditional large entree.Great service and atmosphere. Very romantic setting. Lots of variation for the starters. Wish there were more entree options but the food was very good. I will definitely go back to this restaurant.My wife and I were celebrating our one year wedding anniversary on Easter Sunday and wanted something casual yet refined and found The Franklin to be just that. Much to my surprise we were seated immediately, and on one of the busiest brunch days of the year no less. The decor is very well thought out; warm and inviting with rustic elements. We started with two cocktails: One with tequila, pamplemousse liqueur, & sparkling rose, and the other a Sour with Mezcal. Both were well balanced and delicious. We ordered the Crab Tostada as an appetizer and it was a beautiful dish; bright and acidic, with sweet lump crabmeat, creamy avocado, & finely diced beet & radish. The dish was a great start to our meal. I then tried the special of the day which was Oaxaca cheese grits, goat boudin, bacon red eye gravy, fried eggs, & house-made flatbread. It was a perfectly portioned and equally delicious dish. My wife had the Huaraches with carnitas, masa cake, fried egg, and despite not being listed on the menu, refried beans. The dish was very good but my wife is not a fan of beans (sad, I know) and had she known beans were involved, would not have ordered. I loved the dish and would order it again. We wrapped up our meal with two glasses of Cremant Rose (doesn't get much better than Pinot & Chardonnay Rose imo) and their delicious Churros, which despite being quite full, we devoured entirely. The service was a bit slow but that's to be expected for brunch almost anywhere. All of the staff we encountered were courteous and accommodating. I had heard good things about this relatively new spot and was not disappointed. We will certainly be returning to this Bywater gem.Gleam in the low-lit, cozy glow of this intriguing gastro-pub. Dance around the surprising small plates, or sample the artfully composed entree's or... both. The avocado tempura with lump crabmeat is a must, but that's not to say that everything else wasn't perfectly prepared and savory as well. The meal left me totally satisfied without feeling overwhelmingly full, and that's including the flourless chocolate upside-down cake...with toasty coconut shavings... mmmm Thank you for a lovely evening Franklin, I will be back.I finally checked out the Franklin this past Saturday. I called before showing up to see how long the waits normally are, and I was told about an hour. I don't like to wait that long, but I figured that we could get a couple drinks at the bar and talk while we wait.
When I showed up, my friend was still on her way, and I was told 45 minutes to an hour. I already anticipated that, so that was fine. I found a spot at the bar and ordered my drink, still waiting for my friend, whose GPS wasn't working. I had been at the place maybe 20 minutes by this point, and I was told that our table was ready. Much sooner than expected.
The drink I ordered was named "isabelle," and it had 6 things listed under the name and I didn't know a lot of them, but I liked seeing blood orange and honeydew melon on there, so I ordered it, and it was delicious. When I had asked the bartender if the drink is bitter, he told me that it's smoky, and it really was quite smoky. I don't think I've ever really had a drink that tasted like that. After looking up the ingredients, now I see that the smokiness came from the mezcal. 
When my friend L arrived, we decided to order a bunch of small plates to share. We got the crostini, fried oyster mushrooms, beef tartare with strawberry, goat cheese on fig, fried avocados with crab meat, and some fries. We were seated at a large table with a couple of other folks, and at one point someone across the table from us made a comment that between the three parties at the table, we had ordered all the small plates they had.
I expected to like the crostini least, but I loved it. L said that it was a little bit too much jam and not enough cheese for her, but I loved it just the way it was done. The goat cheese and fig were perfect together. The beef tartare was just a tad bit too mustardy, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The fried avocado was good, although I was surprised to see the entire half of an avocado fried. I was expecting something more like avocado fries, in strips. The oyster mushrooms were good, but they were probably our least favorite item. We thought maybe they were a bit too heavily breaded.
I loved my experience at The Franklin, and I still have other menu items and drinks I want to try. Seeing as the place is down the street from my place, I will be sure to go back.Franklin was delicious! The space is beautiful. Be sure to check out the photograph of Hong Kong in the back corner - not a single human in the whole thing. The food was delicious! Try the raw tuna. I will definitely be going back.wandered in after spending an afternoon skipping around the marigny (we were visiting from out of town and wanted to explore beyond the french quarter), and i'm ever glad we did. shannon is a babe and dynamite bartender who finessed the heck out of our happy hour cocktails! two rounds, four drinks, and a chat about her favorite things to do in the area and this easily became my favorite bar in the city. this happy hour really can't be beat - especially for such a gorgeous bar in such a rad part of town. all of the stars for you gals, can't wait to come back!!After years of discussions of going to this place we went.    I can remember going here when they first opened to see if they would participate in a fundraiser for kids.    They took my card, but never returned a follow up call.  Part of the reason I didn't come back.    Community is a big thing for me when it comes to neighborhood establishments.     Also plays a big part in promotion, and getting your name out there.     The staff seemed pre occupied at that moment, so lets fast forward to the new moment and why you only get three stars.
Walked in right at opening, and not a soul in the place.   Always loved the art in here, and thought the room was beautiful.  I was asked if we had a reservation / WHICH they actually listened to their voicemail as we called in advance to see if we needed one.   However, this place was never busy the entire time we sat and ate.    Probably cause your asking for reservations.   I have been in the service industry in this town a long time.    Unless your Brennans, the reservation situation is not worth wasting....,  first come first served is where you get the lines out the door.   I've never seen this place slammin.
Next up was too much conversation and sales pitch from our hostess.    I can understand people who are not in the industry asking a million questions, but two chefs are seated with us at our table.   Neither one was impressed with the push from waitress / hostess.    
Looking at the prices of this place also was disturbing, and noting that the only other table in the place was OLD folks.   says much.     We got appetizer of oysters, and they weren't even from the GULF.    Salty, tiny and bland.   only thing that saved them was dousing them in the cocktail sauce they came with.     
Next up was ceviche / which was super tasty, and way overpriced and small.   Ceviche is an easy and cheaply made dish, don't care about all the hullabaloo...   this was tiny.  Remove the plantains from this as they don't mix well with the ceviche.  A light dish that deserves to be paired with something light not overpowering.
we had salad of arugula / and fried leeks.   This was stand out.  Fried Plaintains also a stand out with chimmichurra.... But from there the meal went downhill.  It went downhill because of price, conversation from the server, and portion size.    The shrimp and grits were good and so was the jerk fish, but the value of the meal was overpriced.    This is why you lose a star.   The chilled red wine that was discussed over and over at the table by the server?   yeah, NO.    that was horrific.    The bottle of wine I chose was great / I do know my wines.    We had dessert, which was a larger portion than some of the apps we shared.    that was fun...   
my problem with your establishment comes to price / WAY overpriced for portion size...    I feel for the server who seems to be pressured to upsell to tables.    I get picky when I go to new places who bring up reservations when clearly no one eats here on a friday night from what I saw.    maybe you are busy late at night, but I would just as soon go to the qtr to anyone of the deli's that cook stellar affordable food than think I could quench my hunger in this place after a few.    I don't see what the big deal is.     Watching all these new gentrified places open after katrina and do takes on local cuisine, then watching them close up because they have alienated themselves from being a good neighbor.     
cocktails aside, that craft cocktail thing just translates to overpriced tiny drinks / I ordered a bottle.   friends ordered off the menu, and got tiny drinks.... no thanks.    real service industry people beware this isn't your kind of place.   Unless your taking grandma out for an overpriced meal.
thank you for the evening, I did have a good time, but I won't be back because I just really didn't try anything I couldn't cook better at home.From Seattle and first time to NOLA. The Franklin was our first meal and every bit was like heaven. Ordered breakfast at noon on a football Sunday so it was quiet. Service was good but the food was better.Awesome owners, awesome bartender mixologists for drinks I can't pronounce. Love it. Eric treated my friends like family and damn am I going to miss good customer service. Get the Word drink. Nuff said.This place is soooo good. I went shortly after it opened, and again last week, and both times I was wildly impressed. Ordered everything off the raw bar menu to share with a friend and each dish they brought out was better than the last. The tuna tartare especially stands out. Also got some shrimp and pork shoulder entree which was yummy, though I recommend sticking to the small plates and sharing a ton of them so you can try more things. Super great decor and ambiance, very cool vibes and perfect for a date.This food was the best I've ever had in NOLA (and I always eat well in NOLA) - - this visit was all foodie all the time and The Franklin simply was TOPS.  This is a place where the small plates RULE.  Order the tempura battered avocado with crabmeat which was tender and creamy and seasoned so delicately that it melted in our mouths.  If you're really hungry, you might want to order two, because myself and the other woman in the party ate the whole thing - we shared it not.  The Oysters (grilled with garlic butter) were the best I had over the entire weekend, as were the sweetbreads - which is saying something, because I'm not a huge fan of the sweetbreads, but everyone else (who loves them) were in a veritable swoon. My next fave was the steak and strawberry tartare - which I would order just for myself next time. I love a great tartare and have eaten whenever I can get it all over the nation - and this was by and far the most creative and elegant version I've ever had. The crawfish pies where hit and melty and too easily gone!  And yes, try the escargot - I NEVER eat the snails - - but my peeps convinced me to try it. I'm now a fan - I would order it again in a heartbeat. The seafood gumbo?  Every One. Needs. A. Bowl. of This. Gumbo.  We had quite a few bowls over the weekend and nothing, and I mean nothing compared to this creation - - a dark roux with bold spicing topped with crunchy flash-fried okra.  We order 2 entrees, the Courtboullion (fish soup) which was too fishy and not being a fan of fish soups - really wasn't interested to begin with.  And the soft shell crab special - which was really nice, BUT honestly the small plates and the gumbo is the winner at The Franklin.  I highly recommend you going to this place - it is in the Marigny and can be a huge wait if you go on a weekend (luckily there is Mim's bar at the end of the block for a cocktail while you wait).  GO SOON!  GO OFTEN!This place is AMAZING!!!!!!! Atmosphere, decor, friendly staff, and the BEST Manhattan that I've ever had.
This place is a MUST if you are looking for a classy spot.The food and drinks were amazing. Smaller portions but we went in for appetizers so it was perfect. The only thing that made the experience not as good is that the server hardly paid attention to us. It took a long time to get our drinks and she didn't check back so we had to go get her in order to order another round.What a find!  So happy to be introduced to this delicious neighborhood restaurant.  Everything we had from the cocktails to the full dinner was wonderful.  Can't wait to come back.  And loved the ambiance too.Very nice restaurant in the Marigny area. Good place to have a local date night and not have to drive. Raw and fried clams are A+ in size and taste. The octopus salad was good but the octopus was slightly over cooked. I really enjoyed the quail and my guest had he scallops which she enjoyed. They were very attentive to our allergies and where willing to make substitutionsGreat atmosphere, well balanced cocktails, seriously delicious food ( vegan options!) and friendly & attentive service.  Highly recommend if you are in Nola.Wow.  
This place is pretty cool.
When I walked in, I was immediately loving the artwork.  It's all original and all amazing.
My husband and I dined with friends who had been there months prior and the waitress remembered them in detail.  Excellent service.
Now for the food....
We started with the fried oyster mushrooms, which were good, but weren't really our cup of tea.  Our friends loved them though.   We also had the avocado tempura with crabmeat which was pretty amazing.  For my entrée, I had the grilled sweetbreads with braised oxtail and pickled root vegetables.  It was sooooo delicious.  The braised oxtail was sort of sweet which I loved.  I can't remember what my husband had, except for his fork in my plate.  He finished his meal right away and loved my sweetbreads as much as I did.
The cocktails were tasty as well, and the bartender made me an original concoction based on flavors I like.  It was perfect!
I'll definitely be backThree of us had dinner at The Franklin last night. Our overall experience was good but not great. First of all the place has a great vibe. If I lived in NOLA it would definitely be one of our go to places to sit at the bar, have a bunch of drinks and few apps.
But as a diner it was just ok. The place was really dark. I mean really really dark. Not sure why cause it's a pretty cool space. We ordered four dishes to share as starters...Tuna Tartare was delish, and the Arugula & Heart of Palm salad was well composed and tasty. The Grilled Baby Octopus had potential with the grilled lemon, harissa potatoes and beet gastrique but all of that didn't matter as the octopus was criminally overcooked. Similarly, the Crab Croquettes (special) could have been outstanding but they fell short of the mark as there wasn't enough basil/lime sauce to give them the help they needed to shine.
As mains we had the Succotash was really good, albeit a bit bland, the Fideo with Seafood which was more like Angel Hair pasta than a true toasted Fideo and the Braised Pork Shank & Grilled Shrimp. I really wanted to love the dish. I love anything pork and with grilled gulf shrimp it should have been a home run. But again, the dish just missed the mark. It was tasty yes, but there was nothing to pull the components together. And the gnocchi weren't enough to soak up all of the great pork jus left sadly floating behind as the other elements were consumed. Perhaps grits would have been the foundation needed to build a sensational dish.
So we left with a yeah it was ok feeling. Next time we sit at the bar, sipping cocktails in cool space.This is the second time eating at this spot and I must say I'm quite pleased. The food has been so fresh, and service excellent!  The atmosphere is very quaint, great spot for an intimate yet romantic dinner. The long islands aren't the strongest but taste good!  My second visit I ordered the drum with plantains, black rice and a side of broccollini bowl.  All of the food was so fresh, seasoned to perfection and presented well.  I especially enjoyed the brocolloni bowl which was chopped Brussels, kale, and of course brocolli that had a drizzle of maybe teriyaki sauce, all quite tasty. Definitely return and definitely recommendOh man.  I really wanted to like this place, I did.  But from the moment we walked in the door it just felt like a bar.  Like all over not just at the bar.  I just couldn't shake the idea that I'm considering paying $33 for a steak at a bar. We were sitting at a table in the back.  The server was really nice and did her best.  But she just wasn't great - forgetful, disappeared for over 10 minutes, was attentive but missed the details and a thoughtfulness. The host was excellent.  He worked hard and helped all over the restaurant. The food was solid - I give the chef a lot of credit for being a bit inventive. You can see his creativity.  But, to me, overall it was just okay.Food fantastic.  Atmosphere fantastic. Service... not so fantastic. Took over an hour to get our food and the waitress was rude.Would be 3 stars because of the unnecessary and un-New Orleans hipster attitude of the place.
Crazy "craft" beer selection.  Of course no domestic lights (because obviously anyone who would drink a Bud Light, Coors Light or Miller Lite must be an unsophisticated moron who wouldn't be dining in their restaurant in the first place).
They "only carry one carbonated soft drink - Coke" so my second drink order of a Crown and Seven was rebuffed as well.
BUT
The Franklin wins back a star because of: 1. Beautifully done space.  2. Pretty decent food.
Our waitress was very nice, attentive, knowledgeable and sympathetic about the shortcomings of the restaurant (A/C problems, hipster beer and cocktail list, etc.).
Appetizers: 
Raw tuna with citrus slices - pretty good.  
Tempura avocado with crab - Amazing.
My parents both got the gazpacho which they both liked.  
I got the poached oysters in a butter sauce with chips.  -  When you poach oysters some of them become very chewy and end up having to be spit out like a wad of okra.  This was the case for two of the oysters.  However, it said 1/2 dozen on the menu and i got at least 8.  The butter sauce was ok.
Entrees:
My father got the red fish with crab - He thought it was great.
Mother got the soft shell crab special with thin pasta. - I thought the whole dish had a strange herb flavor and tasted like soap.  She liked it once she got used to the herb flavoring.
I got the coq au vin. -  Chef is previously from Lilette.  Very good, just like Lilette's with the addition of onion rings.
Dessert:
Flour-less chocolate cake with some sort of coconut ice cream.  The chocolate had cayenne in it to give it a "kick" which is a very hipster and unappetizing ingredient in a dessert in my opinion.
The question is, would I return.  I'm not sure.  The place obviously isn't cheap and in that price range there are many, many options in this city.  Despite a beautifully done interior, I felt like I was in Awfulstin, TX,  which is a shame.  The food was pretty good but not amazing.  The clientele was awful.  Hipster men in flip flops sharing plates of food, hipster men drinking fruity "craft cocktails" in martini glasses, hipster chatter all around....I've lived here my whole life...I am a wanna be gourmet chef myself and am very particular about food.  THIS BY FAR IS MY FAVORITE FOOD IN NEW ORLEANS.  
My only critic is that owners should hire local front of house staff that are warm and friendly and understand the local flavorsmOh, Yelp, my old friend - where shall I begin? You have been with me through thick and thin, through the good times (Mardi Gras, the opening of Bayona, the birth of my first child) and the bad times (the Bayou Classic, the closing of Stella, the death of my Uncle Jack). 
You have known me through all of these times yet I can't now find the words to explain to you my experience at The Franklin. 
In short, it was sublime. From the moment I walked in the front door, to the last second as they wheeled me out the back, I was in heaven. The tuna! The ginger snaps! The swordfish! The ruby red shrimps! And - goodness gracious - that jalapeño gelato. Wow! Wow! Wow! 
So, I tell you - Yelp - you should be so lucky as to enjoy a meal at The Franklin. Go early, go often, and you won't regret it.The fresh raw fish (tuna) melted in my mouth.  So tender and tasty with the slivers of celery and the savory dressing. The avocado tempura was amazing as usual. Saturday nights are busy but the staff always accommodates every party. The lemon curd ice cream is amazing as well.This place is beautiful, no doubt.  Did this used to be an old praline shop?  I can't remember.  I liked  our dinner here but I just can't shake that I spent $72 on myself for 2 drinks and 3 apps and a dessert split 3 ways.  My favorite thing was actually a salad with root vegetables.  I had oysters with white remoulade; I'd drink that sauce straight but the oysters weren't fried very well, sort of soggy.  I also had beef tartar with strawberries, which I decided was not a good combination.  The best thing there was this cocktail I had, the Kentucky Rifleman, which was worth every penny of the $12 it cost.  Rye and black walnut bitters, OMG.  We shared the quince-almond-goat cheese tart and while I'd eat anything with goat cheese, the crust of this tasted like dirt and the ice cream was icy, which really ruined the texture.The atmosphere and vibe here are great. They are definitely trying new things, and I've not had foie gras or escargot quite that way. That being said, I don't want to try it that way again. Big kudos for the decor and booze selection. Try it when you're open to some interpretative cuisine.LOVE the Franklin. I've been here half a dozen times, so for those reviewers who visited on an off-night, give it another chance. They haven't been open long and it takes a minute to perfect some aspects of service. 
I tend to stick with small plates and classic cocktails. Love the crostini with burrata and tomato jam as well as the avocado with lump crab. The cuisine could be loosely defined as New American with some French influences. They also have raw seafood preparations for those craving oysters (like I generally am). There's also a tart for dessert with goat cheese in the filling...I die. 
On to atmosphere. It's dim and there's some awesome artwork. It's basically the opposite of Herbsaint. Rather than being open, with the tables relatively close together, the tables are tucked into dark alcoves and it feels like there are more twists and turns than the space actually contains. My friend who works in the kitchen tells me they get a lot of celebrities as a result. 
For those who take issue with the staff's appearance ("hipsters" or whatever), what did you expect? Should everyone look and dress like you do? It's never bothered me. 
Check it out and decide for yourself.Have tried a good portion of their menu at this point and really enjoying it. Oysters and octopus were soooo good. Lamb too. I've only done the happy hour drinks (which are a good deal)  but I'll definitely be back. You do pay a bit much for the portion sizes,  although quality is good.  Wish they had more happy hour food options or mid range dishes.Good but not great.  Octopus appetizer was fantastic but everyone's meal was small and good rather than amazing. There were only three shrimp in my entree. Also we got a very non pinot pinot noir. When the waitress told us that it was an earthy pinot, she meant that it was a pinot that tasted not one bit like pinot.
If this restaurant was in a different town, it would get a much higher score. But it is in New Orleans and the competition is fierce. It might be a better place for drinks.Bullshit, Elijah C. The food needs TONS of improvement, as does the service. My server knew NOTHING. She couldn't tell me anything at all about the wine list, so good thing Jason was around. But worse, she couldn't describe any of the dishes and she barely spoke above a whisper. ? C'mon, where's the personality? At the bar. I have to agree with Joi B, if you want a fancier drink than what you'll find across the street at Lost Love, Big Daddy's or Mimi's, then come to the bar. The wine list is good. But, I'd still rather eat and drink at Mimi's. The Franklin is simultaneously pretentious and misses the mark. Food bland, atmosphere stuffy, and expensive. Maybe the food would taste better if the kitchen staff wasn't fucking off?I was told about this restaurant last year, a friend said it was the "best meal he had while in New Orleans". sadly, I  didn't make it in while I was in town that trip. I returned to New Orleans In June, and my friend was not exaggerating!  
Delicious food, check
Great space, check
Yummy Cocktails, check
Friendly staff, check
Happy Hour & music choice, check and check!!
Looking forward to my next trip to NOLA, and dinner at The Franklin! You would be wise to eat there too.Wonderful interior, great design, gorgeous bar. The food was excellent!
Restaurant opened at 5:00pm. We were literally the first ones seated. Our appetizers arrive at 5:22.
We ordered our entrees at the same time. Entrees arrived at 6:15 pm. Our waitress was please tell and friendly. She seemed to have other priorities than us. 
The wait for the entree almost cause me to cancel and go home. 
Like I said, the food was wonderful. The staff loses track of you the busier they get.Its was the best meal in New Orleans by far after spending 3 days sampling recommended eateries. The ingredients were fresh and we're combined uniquely to please the palate. For example, steak  a la mode?! Mere words do it no justice. Highly recommend. Just a few blocks outside the French quarter. Well worth the trip!Nice upscale ambience with lots of nooks and crannies to make for intimate dining amid a lively atmosphere.  All of the appetizers were very good ( fried oyster mushrooms, escargot "po boy", pommes frites) but the tempura avocado with crabmeat was especially good.  The highlight of the meal was the drum with grapefruit and tarragon meunière sauce.  Who would have thought that combination would have been so good?? It was a generous portion easily split with another person so there was room for dessert.  The flour less chocolate cake with coconut sorbet and toasted coconut should definitely not be missed.  Wonderful restaurant and great service as well!Aside from the attractive decor, I felt like The Franklin was a letdown. I went with a friend recently, and when we were asking the server how many people a cheese plate would serve she vaguely said "a few." When the cheese plate arrived, there were only four pieces (a date or fig with a dollop of goat cheese and a drop of honey) so we each only had two bites from it. That was definitely a rip off. For our main course we each ordered oysters. She got chargrilled and I ordered oysters on the half shell. Well, her oysters arrived a solid 10 minutes at least before mine did. She was finished with her meal by the time I pulled the server aside to inform her I still hadn't received my raw oysters. To me that is pretty basic for a restaurant to bring out people's meals at the same time.
The chargrilled oysters were tasty, but I wasn't a fan of the raw because they were enormous (as in so big that they could barely fit in my mouth) and waaay too salty. I doubt I will go back. For the price it should have been better, but maybe the trendiness makes up for the less than great food and service...Extremely stylish & delicious restaurant with a hip bar on the corner of Franklin and Dauphine Streets in the Marigny.  They call their cuisine New American.  They are open every day from 6PM to Midnight - so they are a great option for Monday nights when many places are closed.  This is one of my new favorite places to eat. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful.  Beautiful space. I love eating dinner at the bar.Sad the way this place has devolved. It used to have a great chef named Zach, and the food was creative and delicious. Now it's been dumbed down with the usual tuna crudo and pomme frites, etc. things one can find all over the place. it's not poorly done really, but if you want a truly interesting food experience i'd say go elsewhere, try Oxalis or Mariza.
+1 star for some great staff that have survived the turnovers. (they also lost a great bartender named Jefferson, i heard he is at Oxalis now).
+1 star for the nice space, cool old creole cottage redone in club chic. but i can see it sliding with the food. not as classy elegant anymore, lighting not as subtle and beautiful. nothing good lasts i guess, oh well. apparently an out of town owner is just making money off the sheep tourists.Beautiful inside.  Chic crowd.  Had been looking forward to trying the foie gras ice cream with steak....alas, I missed my chance.
The grilled soft shell crab (actually came out fried) and salad were delicious.  The steak tartare was succulent and rich.  The pork loin wrapped in bacon was dry and not really anything special.  The dates and figs and goat cheese were yummy, but other than having some rye or caraway seeds sprinkled on them, nothing out of the ordinary.