Came here just to tryout the buffet like I normally do when I visit a casino. It says a lot about the quality service of the casino. While entering the casino it seemed very strange that the casino was pretty calm. I didn't hear people cheering or celebrating their wins, I guess not many people were winning. THE CASINO WAS EXTREMELY COLD, I wanted leave but I was to hungry so I stayed to eat at the buffet. THE BUFFET IS ABOUT 21 DOLLARS PER PERSON. THE MAJORITY OF THE FOOD WAS FRYED AND IT SEEM LIKE EVERY FOOD I TRIED WAS REALLY SALTY. THEIR SWEETS were ok, the cheesecake was pretty good. IN CONCLUSION I WAS NOT IMPRESSED with the food or the casino it self. Does not live up to hype! THUMBS DOWN!!!You know for $9.99 + tax, it was certainly worth the buffet. Let me tell you, everywhere else in New Orleans is trying to rip off the tourists. $9.99 is a steal. I have already come back here twice just to eat because you can sample the creole stuff that New Orleans has to offer without breaking your wallet. I had samples of the gumbo, shrimp etouffe, jambalaya, sauteed greens and shrimp, mashed potatoes and gravy, asparagus, ice cream, fruit....etc. They had sweet tea, a staple of southern cuisine. Of course, they don't feel the shrimp for the shrimp cocktail :( I'd stay away from the Asian food as it doesn't look too appetizing. I would come back here again and again!I was attending the Sugar Bowl and needed a place to eat before the game. I paid $9.99 for the lunch buffet. Considering this was in a casino and located in downtown NOLA, it was a good deal. Drink was included with the price as well. Dinner and brunch may cost more, so I recommend going there for lunch. 
The dining area was big and comfortable. There were a good variety of food. There was beef brisket, carved turkey and ham, fried chicken, Asian dishes, pizza, and local creole food such as gumbo, jambalaya, red beans and rice, etc. It filled me up right. The waiter was extremely nice and kept all our beverages filled. 
Overall this is a nice buffet and the price can't be beat.Very disappointed with this buffet. We went here with a friend from out of town who is, what 
casinos call, a whale. So he gets free tickets to the buffet. 
While there are a lot of things to choose from, everything is...underwhelming. 
It's almost like lunch-lady recipes. 
Just get it out and don't worry about the taste. 
I've served food at homeless shelters that was so much better than this that the experience crossed my mind every time I've eaten here.
When fatman (me) needs to search for something, anything really, that looks worth eating and THEN still being disappointed, that is not good food. Been here twice this year and each time it was not worth the free ticket. 
And for the price, this buffet should give you a handjob while you are eating it.The breakfast was really good.  I was a little concerned because if the reviews I read, but I was very happy.  The omelettes that they make to order were great, and the had good ingredients to put in it.  I wish I was not on a diet, or else I would have been able to try more, but I was very happy with everything I ate.  Highly recommend.This was one of the worst restaruant decisions in years. With all the dining options around the convention center..
So I am in New Orleans on business for one night, by myself. I'm not into dining at nice restaurants alone, but wanted some Louisiana food. So I venture into Harrah's to find a buffet. It was a Thursday night and the buffet was $30 a person! 
I decided to try it out. Apparently, the cost is justified by the all you can eat crablegs--which people were piling on their plates a mile high. I'm not much into crablegs but gave it a try, unfortunately the liquid "butter" is not butter at all, but the same garbage that is used in popcorn machines at the movie theatre. 
The rest of the food was rather bland and ill-tasting. Some of it was ok, but nowhere did I think "oh that's good." Essentially, with the exception of crablegs and the shrimp, its the same entrees and quality you would find at a Golden Corrall dinner buffet but three times the cost, ie standard salads, overcooked carved beef roast, egg rolls, fried chicken, backed chicken, instant mashed potatoes ect. They did have a wood-fired pizza oven, but all 4-5 pizza pans on the buffet were empty the entire time I was there. 
I was seated and my drink order was written down. I went and filled a plate, returned--no drink. I gave my order to another person. I finished the plate before the drink came. After the second trip to the buffet, the drinks and plates were all removed from the table. Of course, honest mistake, but not something that should be happening after shelling out $30.Gumbo was awesome!  So was the etoufee.  Fish was a little rubbery but I didn't get a chance to get a new batch and ain't no telling how long the pieces I got had been sitting out. Overall I would go back and tear that shit up!They were serving snow crab legs but said they ran out and started serving Dungeness claws. The food was really mediocre and the mimosas were weak. For $33 I expect real melted butter for my seafood not margarine! I usually enjoy Casino buffets but this was a bad experience. My waitress was nice though.It was just ok.I'm glad we got it 2 for 1.The food was not gourmet or high quality.We ate there for dinner with a friend.I liked the lunch better.They had almost the exact same food.
There were a lot of dessert choices.Again,the ice cream was low quality.We stayed at Harrah's for several nights and visited The Buffet on several occasions. It wasn't the best buffet I had been to, rather somewhat mid-grade. 
The dessert selection was very good and there was ice cream with your choice of toppings, fruit, mini-cakes, and peanut butter squares.
The rest of the buffet was fine, but only few things stood out such as the gumbo, Mac and cheese, and catfish.
Would recommend if you have casino points and can comp them for a free meal or if you need a quick bite with variety of items everyone would enjoy.I was really disappointed this evening, The service was satisfactory at best, but don't expect anything extra.  Most of there dining room seems to be set up for tables for two, and don't cause a disturbance by asking to sit at a table or booth when you are by yourself.  The desert station is mainly behind a glass cabinet that you have to yell at the attendant to assist you with if you can actually get her attention.  The brisket was good, but smothered in some of the cheapest BBQ sauce I have ever tasted, might as well had been smothered in ketchup.  The Mac and Cheese, however, was wonderful.  Definatly tasted home made.  The tea was so old and black that I had to ask for something else. This was also Prime Rib night which is why I decided to go.  They had some prime rib just no knife and any one there to carve it for you.I tend to stay away from buffets but thought a seafood buffet in NOLA would be good.  The seafood did not seem to be fresh.  Probably all frozen.  Definitely not worth the cost.We went to the buffet for the "seafood extravanza" and there was nothing extravagant about it. No crab legs except for rock crabs (decent), Jonah crab claws, which were sitting because no one was eating them, same crawfish, but it is the end of the season. They bought shrimp and raw oysters looked as if someone had driven over them with a car. The entire Buffet has very poor food presentation. They overthink it and it just don't have an appetizing appearance.
Everything looked as if it had been sitting there for days, the bread was stale and everything that had a gravy had a film on it. The chargrilled oysters were about the size of a nickel and was over covered with cheese and they were not very tasty. The only positive was the prime rib and the fried shrimp.
I wanted bread but every type of bread was sitting out and was stale. I did not see dirty dishes like you see it a lot of Buffets and that was a positive. The buffet was clean at this did not look very pleasant to the eye.
The dessert station however was a horse of a different color so to speak. The desserts were fresh, beautiful, well presented and delicious. Even the fruit was fresh.
For the low low price of $34 per person I expected a lot more. I expected several different types of crabs, fried oysters, frog legs, soft shell crabs Etc.
What I got was poorly executed food, few choices, hostesses that were disorganized, a wait staff that spoke very little English.
If it was $10 I would have left five stars but I did not feel satisfied and definitely have a case of buyer's remorse!
Do yourself a favor and go get a lucky dog!We came for the breakfast buffet.  I didn't imagine the food could be this horrible.  Worst breakfast buffet I have ever eaten.  The only decent item are made to order omelettes.  I have eaten better breakfast bars at regular 2-3 star hotels.  Most items were old and stale.  Don't waste your time.Run of the mill buffet , prime rib smelled so bad I tossed it out and settled for the soups and salads . Some of the deserts looked like they came from Costco . Just sad.
We had a great wait person that took care of us so 4 stars there. Please don't waste your time. Written on my IPhone so sorry for mistakes .It's good almost all of the time. Many dessert options.  All you can eat. Can't beat that! Bottomless mimosas for brunch. Friendly staff.Good food & service!  But Brunch is only on the weekends - Breakfast ends at 10 during the week!!!I don't come here often, but when I do, I get my money worth. Nothing bad to really say. The lunch buffet is really nice for the price you pay.this is my first time here. i saw a lot if seafood on the picture. but there was none when I was there.Y'all they serve pho now! Imma let you finish but Harrahs has the best buffet of all time. OF ALL TIME!!It was our first time visiting New Orleans.  The Hop on Hop off bus had a stop in front of the casino.  So we thought we might just get in to have a buffet lunch.
Then we found the Sunday brunch costed around $37 per person.  The nice cashier lady told us if we applied the Harrah's frequent player card, we had chance to get a free meal.  One of the lady even brought us to the desk where people could apply the card.  I and my friend both applied the card for free, and both of us got a free meal coupon printed on the receipt.  Just that simple we saved $74 for the meal.
The food was basically typical casino buffet food.  Some of the food were New Orleans flavors which the Las Vegas buffet didn't have them. I like the famous fried donut.  I also had it in Cafe De Monde the previous night.  The one in the Casino was surprising good as well.
Overall it was good especially the meal was free for us.It's stupid that they don't allow anyone under 21 into their BUFFET. It's like they have slot machines in the buffet or something. Even if you had a room there you still can't go anywhere and eat in the hotel unless you're over 21.Be aware that this place is *not* kid friendly. We stay at casinos a lot and often eat at the buffets, and planned to do the same here, only to find out that kids under 21 aren't allowed in!
Response to comment: Okay, that's the law, but don't you think it's bad design to locate a typically family-friendly restaurant like that inside the casino? Why not put the buffet outside and put Ruth's Chris, which is not someplace I'd typically take a child, into the casino?
And I certainly didn't see any reference to these age limitations anywhere on the website.Great food and service! So much variety. From southern Louisiana classics to Italian and Asian tastes. I especially like the Friday seafood extravaganza.Went right between breakfast and lunch, the food was good and the service was great. 5/5 will definitely recommend and return next time in in NOLAI went there a few months back now, so I don't have many details.  While it was very good, it was still over priced if you pay outright. We got a free meal so we found it excellent!I'm not a buffet person but this sounded like fun so I went with a friend whose family also lives out of state for the Thanksgiving buffet. It was amazing! There was a long line to get in and we had to wait about 15 minutes but the line moved surprisingly quickly and it was well worth the wait.
When we arrived at our table someone came and took our drink order in under 2 minutes which is impressive because this place was insanely busy. While the food selection was pretty diverse, I know that I was, like most of the people, most excited about the unlimited crab legs. How could you not be? They also had a nice selection of veggies, beef, chicken, and seafood dishes that I enjoyed sampling. They also had the obligatory thanksgiving turkey with a guy carving it for you, mash potatoes, gravy, stuffing, you know, all the good stuff.
The dessert selection was outrageous. They had so many different types of desserts it was almost overwhelming! They had all kinds of ice cream, cookies, mini-cake like things, and a ton of other goodies I can't even name. They even had intricate little white chocolate turkey shaped shells filled with some kind of creamy mousse, it was very over the top. There was also a 'dessert case' where you could pick out whatever you wanted, I tried a mini pecan pie and it was delicious. 
I would come back but it's definitely one of those things you only do occasionally because it is really decadent. I really enjoyed all the food, I'm glad I got to indulge with the crab legs and I left feeling like overall it was worth the $34 price tag.It's probably the worst casino buffet I've ever been to...the food is awful and the staff aren't helpful at all.  There is little attention paid to presentation or keeping the buffet area clean.  
It's simple stuff - like no one manning the omelet bar for 15 minutes while guests continue to wait in line for help (guess they went on break), spilled food all over the place, none of the cooked food looked fresh (Asian and Mexican sections looked particularly bad).  
Anyway, I thought it would be tough to screw up a buffet, but they make it look easy.  It was bordering on disgusting.   
Given the way the food/service area looked & the food tasted, I can only imagine how the kitchen & prep area looked.  It makes me sick to think about it.  It was a bad experience.  I would avoid it.  One final note, the bar was set so low on the main courses that the dessert selection/presentation wasn't too bad.  I had the carrot cake & vanilla ice cream - both were decent.Lots of food options- creole, craving station, pasta bar, fried seafood, pizza Italian. Salad bars, & desserts.Great hot food and for 15$ its well worth it. You can go to Wendy's  and get two combos and still be hungry afterwards. Not enough seafood on Friday would have like to see some shrimp and grilled fish.Most of the food was inedible.  This is not a Vegas buffet.  The carved meat was dry and tasteless top round.  The salad bar was lacking.  Most of the fried food was left to look unappetizing after being picked over and not refilled.  The raw oysters were not of the highest quality and waiting in line for the chargrilled oysters is marginally worth it if you don't mind eating only half of them due to chewiness.  The only reason it gets 2 stars and not 1 is the crab legs, which they actually do keep topped off.This is absolutely overpriced and disgusting.  I can't believe we paid $52.99 for 3 people for breakfast.  It was cold and dry and dirty and BLAH!! Do not eat at this buffet. The waiter was nice and friendly but the table was dirty and the restaurant was empty ( that should have been our first clue).  Walk down the street and eat anywhere else you can find because this is not ever going to be a place I would recommend for even my dog !We were referred by a friend to the Friday night seafood buffet.  The food was horrible and the king crabs were cold and taste like they were previous frozen. We could get no  satisfaction from the crabs to the dessert.  My God this was a horrible experience! !!!Rude, unprofessional service and mediocre food.  
Although not a gambler, I've enjoyed excellent buffets with friends and family at casinos  in Reno, Las Vegas, Rhode Island and Connecticut. All were excellent - top of the line food and service - so thought I'd give Harrah's a try before walking over to the July 4th fireworks on the river.
Huge disappointment! 
Sulky waitress took my drink order for iced tea at the cash register, then led me to a table for two right in the middle of the high-traffic buffet entrance/exit. When I said that I didn't want this table, and asked what else was available more towards the center of the dining area, she shrugged, walked off and left me ....
I wandered into an adjacent room, mostly empty and very cold, with only two tables occupied. Not what I'd wanted at all - to eat alone in an ornate mirrored "freezer".  An Asian waitress wanted to know who'd seated me, and when I explained, took my drink order again and told me to leave my receipt on the table while I went to the buffet (I left her a tip).
I was looking forward to seafood, but could only find baked fish - certainly no crab legs or cold shrimp. I also wanted roast beef, which I remember being expertly carved by chefs at other casinos. Again, the sulky attitude, as a small amount of overdone meat with fat and gristle hanging off it was shoved onto my plate. I did find some sauteed veggies - thank goodness - but the rest of the buffet was mediocre. 
Desserts were mostly cupcakes and cookies, and a so-so bread pudding. I chose some chocolate-covered strawberries.The worst food in the city.  Don't waste your money, trust me. It doesn't even deserve 1 star.today June 3,2016 i came back here because the first time i ate this buffet last year Thanks giving and i live tha crab legs,the rest..zero..
for dinner my husband and have arguing bcoz i told  him i dint want this buffet bcoz its so basic amd same thing we ate this kinda food day by day and it cost $34 which is this food you can find at other chinese buffet for $9-$12 only..its true! im not pushing u out this restaurant im just telling the truth.
when i pay for $75+ for two..and im just kicking around there and i cant really find something good to eat for me bery basic,so i ask the waitress if i can het redund the $34 bcos im not gonna eat..and its possible ncoz im using debit card,so tej waitress to the reciept and she bring it the cashier,later on the spanish guy came up and ask why i dont want to eat and i told him..i thought crab legs is serving today and he said no not today! and he ask again..so u dont want to eat..? i said no..im sorry about that..,and he said ok ,come with me and sametime i get up my set and follow him..and he said you can get out  here,u cant stay inside if if u dont eat..and i said ..yeah i knew..i was informed your waitress to not stay here with my husband and i might be grab a food,so are you put my money back to my card? he said yes.
Lol i cant believed this Manager how road deep inside hahaha..but other waitress are nice!no vanilla ice cream!?!?! what the fudge!?!?! can you believe on a buffet with so many items only offers sugar free vanilla ice cream!?!? yea, bs! anyway, that was the least of it...
wish I could give no stars. disgusting food served luke warm. extremely overpriced. do not waste ur time, money or valuable stomach space. ur in nola for goodness sake, go round the corner and get a poboy, sha. the entire place reeks of cigarette smoke and is just plain gross. I regret it all!!!!We came here with a group of six for their brunch buffet - which supposedly included bottomless mimosas. 
Up until the end of our meal we were having a great time. We had gambled for a while in the casino, we all agreed the food was pretty good for a buffet with plentiful options (we had lots of tasty snow crab!) and we had a fantastic waitress.
Then as we were getting close to leaving we were almost inexplicably kicked out. The waitress had given us to go cups for our champagne, so we wanted to get one last round before we left. At that point we had maybe had two to three mimosas each (and another sitting on the table) and had all eaten well so none of us were drunk. We were all sitting calmly talking and laughing, clearly about to leave. Also the buffet was half empty, so it's not that anyone was waiting for a table.
The manager, Mary, comes up to us and tells us she's not going to bring us more drinks while some people still have drinks left, and that if the entire table finished their drinks she would bring us one last round only. She said that she would not give us anything else because their policy is one drink per hour and we had already "way exceeded that". First of all, if the mimosas are not going to be unlimited, that should be advertised. Second, if you can't cite a reason why you're kicking someone out (bothering other patrons, need the table) you shouldn't be doing it. Third, I would have understood if she had come over and tried to talk to us. I know she's running a business, maybe she's concerned about food costs, who knows. But she was so unnecessarily condescending to our group that when she came back (with two mimosas - only for the people whose cups were completely empty) she made another rude comment and we just got up and left. There is absolutely no excuse for treating anyone that way, much less people who are your customers.
Even though our day started out great, I don't think I'll be coming back to this Harrah's or any of their other properties either. No one who lets their managers (If anyone from there cares - Mary Smith) get away with this type of behavior is getting another cent from me - or any of my friends.The worst Thanksgiving Dinner that I have ever eaten @ $65.00 plus $10.00 for parking. 
I want to say Do Not Do Not eat at this Buffet unless you want to throw upI go to school online, and recently, my Service Management professor posed the following for the weekly discussion: "Based on your actual personal experience, describe a specific service encounter in which you were very dissatisfied."
My experience at the Harrah's Buffet quickly came to mind. It's a dissertation, sure, but our experience was THAT bad. This, word for word, is what I contributed:
A few weeks ago, a few friends and I spent a weekend in New Orleans. On Saturday, we decided to start our day at the Harrah's Casino. We got there early enough that the roulette table had yet to be opened, so, as we waited, we decided to sign up for the Harrah's Total Reward program, the lure of which was a "mystery prize." As it turns out, the mystery prize for each of us was a free brunch buffet, which included unlimited mimosas. After some gambling, we walked over to the buffet for our meal. We made friends with the server (who really grew to like us when we tipped her really well so as to ensure that she wouldn't miss our table when walking around with the champagne). While we surely wanted to eat and drink our fill, we were not boisterous or obnoxious, and toward the end of our meal, the server (again, because of the sizeable tip we gave her) offered us some to-go cups, which we gladly accepted. The problem, however, came when the manager decided that we'd had enough. She walked over to our table and very rudely said that she was cutting us off. She further grew annoyed when she noticed that two of us were refusing orange juice in our mimosas (I because the acidity gives me heartburn and a friend who is allergic, which we made a point to explain). She proceeded to tell us that customers are only allotted one drink per hour and that we were abusing what the buffet was offering. Lastly, she said she would fill our glasses one more time and that we would have to leave. We very calmly declined and told her that she had a thing or two to learn about managing customers, particularly in a casino. We pointed out that she was being very rude and hostile. We left, and a few of us who are active on Yelp.com posted negative reviews online with an emphasis on the manager, whose name we'd noted.
What was most disturbing about this case is that there was no need for the manager to get involved, particularly because the server had established a rapport with us to the point that we swapped a quick story or two about our backgrounds (she, like us, is Hispanic). The server had not complained about us and had not informed us of any complaints made by other customers (e.g. she didn't ask us to quiet down), of which there weren't many considering the time of day. Thus, the manager escalated the situation without any real need or any real warning.
Ultimately, a casino depends on affable servers, dealers, and management to ensure that customers stay long enough to lose. This should involve creating an illusion of winning despite the reality that customers are walking out the door with empty pockets. In the future, the Harrah's in New Orleans should perhaps convey to the manager at its buffet that while she was not necessarily wrong in watching a group of twenty-somethings sit down for an all-you-can-drink buffet, she should take greater care to make customers feel like they're winning even when they're losing. In our case, this could maybe have involved simply coming by our table a time or two to truly gauge the situation and speak to us rather than watching from afar and making a rash judgment (specifically, that we were a bunch of winos on the verge of burning down the casino). Doing so might have allowed her to get a better grasp on the situation while granting us the illusion that management was "going to great lengths" to ensure our satisfaction. As I've stated, casinos are about creating the idea of a winning situation for customers while simultaneously bleeding them dry. This was not achieved in our case.Don't bother with the buffet. 
 Had a coupon for $20 for use at the buffet.  Decided to give it a go, big mistake.
Food was lukewarm and just not good.  Saw the reviews raving about the shrimp, if you like mealy mushy shrimp this is the place for you.
For hot vegetables, you had your choice of overcooked carrots, broccoli, green beans or corn.
The few things that were okay were the cream if mushroom soup, salad and dessert bar.
Definitely not worth the $21.99 they charged.
Service was excellent though.  Servers were right on top of keeping beverages filled and dirty plates removed.
As for the slots, I should have known better.  I usually have pretty good luck, but never at Harrahs!
They are getting two stars due to the service.
Also, if you are planning on using the play 1/2 of slots for free parking, beware if your vehicle is 6'6" or over.
They supposedly have an area for vehicles over 6'6".  You scrape getting into the garage and the area marked for above height vehicles was full of small cars.
There are signs everywhere saying if you park in this area and are not oversized you will be ticketed or towed.  Not the case.  We were in the casino for about four hours, when we came out, same cars were there!Good lord don't eat here. 35 bucks for a cicis buffet. Awful! Crap is actually a better word. Many better options around town. Wouldn't go here if I had a complimentary. PASS!!!Not worth the $34.  Shrimp was terrible.  Most of everything was dried out.  Seafood gumbo and fried chicken was very goo along with the desserts.Horrible food. We had a dead roach in our salad. We went there with a friend on Sunday evening July 17 hoping that it would be better than last year but it was not. Most of the food is not kept up with or starred and in order to get a dessert you have to ask for it. But worst of all was the roach in the salad. We will never be back. Don't waste your money. They actually want $25 a person for that crappy buffet. I should notify the health department on this.Average buffet food. The catfish was a little on the salty side.  The sides were pretty average. All you can eat crab legs. Best part was dessert!$32+tax for the most awful food I have ever had. We drove from out of state and it was a Thanksgiving day, so they jacked the prices up to $110 for 3 people. Only steak, which was cold, dry and tasteless was from the meat selection. I thought I can at least enjoy the crab legs, but they were dark, warm and super spicy. Dark and spicy because they were not fresh and the place tried to cover it with the spices. I wasn't even able to clean them because they were warm.
Anyways people, there's a Whole Foods market a block away with delicious food, be smart, do not repeat my mistake, WF is gonna be tastier and definitely cheaper.
Yes and service was even worse, the guy only showed up once to clean the platesI actually ate better here back in 2001. This time it wasn't very good for the money.
I liked the Jambalaya Pasta that they will make to your liking and the Crawfish Etouffee was sooooo good and spicy. 
Everything else wasn't very good...just buffet food....not worth the money...should've eaten somewhere else for dinner that night.I would not go back. The seafood was fair in fact there was nothing I loved. Even the deserts looked better than they tasted.  I cannot recommend this buffet. I've been to other Harrahs buffets and this one is is a missWe went on seafood night and I was a little disappointment by the seafood section.  They had some clams that had shriveled up to nothing, some shrimp, blue crabs and fresh oysters.  I was so excited because I thought there would be crab legs and crawfish, etc but there wasn't.  The all you can eat oysters on the half shell made up for it though.We went to the Breakfast Buffett. The price was $11.99 per person. I would say that the Buffett was what I expected for the price. They had an omelet station and typical breakfast buffett items(sausage, bacon, grits,biscuits and gravy, eggs, fruit, potatoes etc) The food was hot. Overall, a good variety of food for a breakfast buffett.For a casino buffet and only being $10, it was not bad.  The breakfast buffet had your classics, but not much more.  It was lacking a selection of various types of food that you would expect from a casino buffet.  The food was not bad, I did go back for the lunch service and it was better stocked.
Food was ok, service was fine, selection could use some more work.Tonight I went out  with a group of friends Drinking Gambling at the Harrah's Casino 
we decided to grab a bite to eat  at the Buffet ,we were greeted by a long line and  rude hostess,There were no clean tables after waiting 20 minutes in line to be seated, I like the fact that they remodeled ,the old buffet smelled and was outdated and a bad  needed of a update . I'am from New Orleans and know what Fresh seafood is when i taste it, the catfish was rubbery and taste like it came out of a bag the Shrimp were over fried and old grease the prime rib just a slab of meat with no taste  I dare  not to eat the Chinese  it look like it was on a ventilator.
When you think of a Sweet treat stay clear of the dessert bar everything is prepackaged ,the funny thing is the dessert use to be the best part of the buffet, We would go on Sunday just for the the Creme brûlée  and Key Lime Pie. i talked to the gentleman behind the dessert bar,He said when Caesars took over they cut a lot of items from the menu because of cost,The truth of the matter is I've eating at this buffet periodically since the casino first open back when it was Harris jazz ,the Food was freshly prepared buy local cooks and taste phenomenal I will not be eating again.
this was a waste of my time and money.Another weekend with high expectations, and failed results. I typically am fond of buffets because I figure there is always something for everyone. Harah's had a an ok selection for perhaps $15 or less, but on a Sunday at 1pm at $30+ per person this buffet was meaningless. No sushi, poor choice in crab legs, lack of seafood choices. There food could be best described as greasy cheap food I'd expect from Shoney's, and nothing worthy except the raw oysters, which by the way I don't eat. They did however have baked oysters with this spinach type sauce on top that I got really excited about, and thought here's where I will get my money's worth-WRONG!!!! These baked oysters tasted horrible. $86.00 (tip included)  for two people and I left there hungry. Don't mind paying for food, but hate wasting my moneyon  experiences like this. #unhappycustomerThis dinner buffet was decent, at best. The food was not terrible, but there was not a great selection. Primarily, this is not a $35/plate buffet. Considering all the incredible restaurants in the French QTR, Harrah's Buffet is sub par!NPS = 0
I want to give this place more stars.  I would actually LOVE to give this place more stars so that you would be inclined to visit.
The food was PHENOMENAL!  The SERVICE from our WAITRESS was INCREDIBLE!  I had the best time ever!
However...let me explain why I give this place 1 star.  It is because of a single person:
The manager of this establishment whose name begins with M.  (I will not disclose her full name).
After spending time with some of my best friends at this location, the manager comes to tell us that she can not give us any more champagne.  It would have been perfectly understandable if we were creating a raucous or being rude (which was not the case what so ever).  It only appeared that the manager was having a VERY bad day and decided to take it out on someone. 
The buffet was empty except for us, so it was not like they needed to free up tables.  She explained to us that their policy is for "one drink per hour" and told us we had "exceeded that."  I DID NOT read a policy that stated one drink per hour.  From my understanding it was "unlimited mimosas." 
The worst part of the ordeal was not that we did not get our mimosas...it was how condescending the manager was.  Completely inexcusable and VERY, VERY rude.
A note to the establishment:  train or hire your people better so that your guests can have better experiences.  Otherwise, you get employees that ruin trips and that swear they will never return to your restaurant.
I give this place 1 star because the manager is part of the restaurant and completely ruined our trip experience.I've been here at the hotel for a week, and I've been coming to this buffet after or before my workouts for a good protein based fiber based meals. 
Well the selection is OKAY, not the best; of course they need to have the NOLA Cajun based foods, but other than that, the selection is eh. The Asian area, is not that great, when they made orange chicken, it was dry and just plain awful, the fried rice lacks in soy sauce. Tofu, too dull, pretty much the Asian area is depressing. Now the Mexican or Italian--whatever it is. Because it has tacos and pizza, but the selection is Just awful, and depressing. The breakfast selection is decent, the bacon to oily, the omlets are pretty good! But the selection for your omlets, is poor choices. There's not enough greens for the omlets, not enough meat selection and so on. The desserts and other sweets is a great range of selection. It's like they want unhealthy food to be better then the rest. 
The fruit selection is okay, but the fruit taste like onion--assuming they used the knife to cut onion to cut the fruit. 
Now the tables are a filth. Poorly cleaned, and silverware are a 50/50 chance in getting clean or dirty. 
So finally he seafood, GREAT! But the crabs are great when cold, doesn't have to be cooked bean legs. And I may speak for all, crab legs are great cold.What a difference a year makes. Big props to Harrah's for identifying Improvement areas in food and service, and massively upgrading everything. 
I occasionally visit New Orleans, and after last year's really poor experience with subpar quality food and indifferent service I thought twice about returning but had checked out the seafood buffet earlier in the evening. And then thought what the heck, especially as the food part would be faster than a sit-down restaurant.
The first 180 that I noticed immediately was the front payment cashier system. We were in a very small line but the folks at the register had bad Players Club cards which delayed their payment, immediately a manager got the rest of us over to the more Elite registers so we didn't have to wait. Also the server for my table's drinks was exceptionally friendly and responsive. Plus the folks at all the different stations were exceptionally personable and efficient - in particular, the charbroiled oysters station and the beef carving station.
As far as the food, you can easily tell that hair is made a commitment to much better quality ingredients. From the blue crab and the soft-shell crab to the are boiled oysters to even the peel and eat prawns. In the past, I remember the shrimp as being very small or poor quality, the prawns were decent size and very high quality. The charbroiled oysters were first-time experience for me and now I have a new New Orleans favorite. Also highly recommend crawfish etouffee, another spot on delicious dish.
And oh the desserts....wow (see the photo). Such a gigantic upgrade based on what I remember in the past, cafe and bakery quality. 
Kudos to Harrah's buffet staff for job well done - and obviously Caesars management for recommitting to a vastly improved dining experience.Over rated and over priced... the food...well its a buffet so you get what you get ... not my cup of tea...I actually liked all of the food at this buffet. Star rating, I would give the food a strong 4 compared to any buffet I have ever been to, plus they have great New Orleans classics! Gumbo, Jambalaya, red beans and rice, craw dads and crab and the best sweet potatoes ever. The other normal variety of buffet food was plentiful too. I know I'm a tourist, but it was so nice finding a place with unlimited access to all of these foods. The service was really nice, the hostess and cooks were friendly and prompt. 
I'm not sure if i would go back for dinner since it was over $75 for the two of us, but i guess if you eat piles of the sea food they offer, it might make up for the hefty price. I have been to a lot of different types of buffets, and I'd have to say this one is the best one yet.
One thing that stood out: You have to be at least 21 to enter the casino, sooooo there were absolutely no children (at least young ones) at the buffet!! It was soooo peaceful and wonderful. I loved it.Yes it is expensive but the food is great . The customer service is on key. The breakfast buffet is well balanced.The bang for your buck  here makes it all worthwhile. If you like buffets and you've experienced some of the Vegas buffets, you will really enjoy this one. Everything from barbequed brisket to a boatload of seafood options are at arms length for the taking. 
I had an incredible salad, fried chicken, huge fried shrimp, spiced shrimp and a made to order egg-white omelet that was just as full and fluffy as if it were whole egg. 
This place was considerably better than Caesar's Palace in Vegas. And at about $20/person it is reasonably priced for all of the choices that you get.The worst food I ever tryed. Do nut go there, unless you want to clean, your stomach... Yaks!!My experience was exactly what those others that gave low rating described. Food is just OK but the price is high. Will not come back here again. I wouldn't even come at all but, at 4:30p, after a long wait at the airport, I was hesitated to try new thing. So prime rib was a safe choice. The prime rib was tender but its texture was strange. I am used to eating rare prime rib so tasting a medium well prime rib felt weird.I ONLY GAVE A START BECAUSE I HAD TO!!!! The food made me sick smh it was greasy and I don't think there was a good verify to choose from. Not to mention it was so cold you would've thought they were keeping us refrigerated to cook for later Lol. AVOID AT ALL COST & DO BE MINDFUL THAT THE ENTRY FEE IS TO MUCH FOR ITS QUALITY.I went to the buffet on a Sunday around 12 for lunch. They had a nice variety of brunch and lunch items which included oysters, crab, mussels, and shrimp. The mac and cheese is GREAT, it taste fresh and homemade, not boxed!  The highlight for me was the coconut cake and the red velvet cake. Usually buffet desserts are dry or tasteless. The coconut cake was moist, light and tasty! If I had known it was that good I would've saved more room for dessert. I'll go back again this week just for the cake! I even took a piece with me walking out the door...and dared someone to stop me lol. The service was great but the cashier was rude. She was going to ask me to go to the end of another line because she was clocking out...are you serious right now! needless to say she checked me out and then clocked out. Her ugly attitude was the only tasteless part of the buffet.we bearly made breakfast. we came about 15 before they closed. there was still some food available so we were able to eat. the scrambled eggs, bacon, corn hash beef, and sausage were pretty good. the pancakes and strawberries were kinda...uhhh. not the best. the orange juice was a little watered down but cold which ment it was prefect for my hangover. because they had taken away a lot of food i cant really review it all. but it did look like they did have a lot of food if we would have came here earlier. it was good buffet but not on vegas status. it was coo.
oh and yeah it was only $10!!!!!! what a deal!!!!It's a buffet so didn't expect much but we just weren't in the mood to wander around and find a place to eat.   Not much selection and while we watched people absolutely inhaling the crab, it was some sort that required lots of work for not much results.   Just a little mean and lots of shell.  The one star was the fried chicken.  Apparently even a buffet in the south can't mess that up.  Veggies were cooked to death, shrimp was over cooked as well. They had a good selection of desserts but that was about it.  Don't waste your money.I guess it says it all that the best thing on the entire buffet was a rice crispy bar!  
Some selections were tepid - not hot.  The carving station was run by a woman exuding a personality similar to a rabid wolverine.  Apparently she can only place the poorly sliced beef on a customer's plate if it is placed exactly where she thinks it should be.  Heaven forbid if she had to reach to serve a customer.  
Roasted pork was comparable to the sole of a shoe that had been introduced to all the potholes and mysterious wet spots on Bourbon Street.  In all fairness the barbecued pork ribs were tender and tasty.  
My recommendation: this place is like a rigged slot machine - not worth the gamble.  Save your money and have a hot dog from one of those wiener carts gracing the corners of the French Quarter.Well....if I'd read the other reviews I wouldn't have gone. Stupid me. They say on their website the 'average' cost is $16 per meal. That should have been the tip-off. 
Where to start? The actual cost was $19.99. It was prime rib night. They ran out.
That happened to us a couple of weeks ago somewhere in Alabama at a Golden Corral. Not at Harrahs.
If the health department ever comes by with their nthermometers, I'm pretty sure the holding temperature won't be up to regulations. In fact I'd almost bet on it. 
The food was not worth it at all. 
I think we would have done better at Waffle House.Basic buffet that's overpriced. It was about $40 per person for dinner on Saturday night. There was no long wait luckily cause we got there really late. Disappointing part wasn't just the $40 per person, it was the fact that we really didn't get any drinks for a really long time. 
The food was not that great. It was basic. Oh the Mac & cheese was pretty decent. I really enjoyed that. There was pho which was very plain. For that price and being inside a hotel, I expected more. There was a huge variety of food so I give them that. It's definitely not a Vegas style hotel buffetMy mum and I stopped here because we had dining credits to use at lunch time. However, the lunch was very limited and standard. Nothing amazing to try other than the shrimp summer rolls. Every thing else was alright, not great. The dessert area was covered sadly in fruit flies, which grossed me out a bit. But it's hard to control that.We had Sunday brunch here. I'm guessing the omelets were/are really good because that was the longest lines. The sausages and the bacon are not cooked done.  The catfish was really good.  When you don't feel like waiting....... eat here.So much foods!! 30$ for unlimited crab legs was great! Overall a solid place to eat . Waitress was nice..It was departure day, but the GF and I had time for breakfast before heading to the airport for our flight home.  The line for the hotel restaurant and its breakfast bar was long, consisting of scores of cardiologists in town for a convention.  Somehow, I bet the cardiologists didn't skip eating bacon, sausage, ham, and eggs with toast and real butter.  But I digress.  Thwarted in our first attempt to have a quick breakfast, we headed across the street to Harrah's and their buffet which was serving breakfast.  
Call it our breakfast of last resort.  It had all of the staples.  I wouldn't go as far as saying it was that great.  It was especially lacking a decent variety of FRESH fruits.  The coffee was hot and pretty good and the bacon was actually very well-cooked to a perfect crispiness.  Our service and server was fast and friendly.  Other than that, it served its purpose and my stomach hated me for it all the way home.  My final assessment, New Orleans is not a breakfast kind of town...For a meal that cost $21.99 a person I should have gone down the road to some local seafood place. The food was mediocre at best.  For being this close to the ocean they had limited seafood items, which is kind of sad seeing as we're from Oklahoma and our local casino has a whole seafood section.   
On a good note, the waitress kept our drinks filled and was very friendly.First, buffets are not my thing. I've experienced them all from inexpensive to one costing $75pp.
I came to this one for Sunday brunch because I received a comp from the casino. I believe brunch is $19.99. The food was just "okay", but the New Orleans staff are worth 5 stars. There's something about their welcoming hospitality that makes the entire city a great place to visit. Who doesn't love being helped by someone who is uber friendly, courteous, happy, and a super hard worker? 
The Buffet is spacious, clean, and affordable. The selection of food was good, the quality was okay. You get what you pay for. It was a typical buffet with some New Orleans flair. They had beignets, so I was happy and I never had to look for a coffee refill.
I'd eat here again as I hear they have a great seafood buffet dinner on Saturday nights.Just EWwwwww!! I have ate a a few casinos and the buffets were really good. However this one is horrid, very few things on the bar were eatable! Didn't try much , I don't eat old crusty looking foods. The desert bar looked yummy, but looks are not always correct. Stale and soggy cakes !! Sad that I spent $$$$ a premium price for a extremely substandard BuffettWent there on 3/14/12. Dinner was 21.99/person. Worst food in NOLA. prime rib was disgustingly fatty. Everything was fried. The waiter was old, rude, & complained when we asked for ONE refill beccause he never actually waited on us. I'd rather have had McDonalds...maybe even cardboard.THIS is how you do a buffet. Fresh food and good service!
Only one station of food looked a little overlooked, but otherwise great!This is probably one of the worst buffets I have had. I remember this buffet from five years ago. It was amazing back in the day and has gone downhill rapidly. There was hardly any selections and what there was....yuck. This buffet should be 9.99 for the quality of food they are serving. I thought well I will eat my money's worth in desserts...nope. Gross! I would guarantee the people in here eating have comped free food because no sane person should pay for this food. Don't do it save your money and go somewhere delicious because that is not here!