I have been to the Trolley Stop on 3 ocassions while staying at a nearby hotel in the Garden District.  Although the place on the inside was mediocre, the food was good.  I really love the fried catfish.I was looking to fuel up after a doctor's appointment, and what should appear as I was driving down St. Charles Ave, but the Trolley Stop!  Service was quick and attentive, the food was good, and the price was right. This may not. be a restaurant that I recommend to all my out-of-town friends as a New Orleans classic, but the location is great, and the food is hot. I'd recommend the protein dishes over the carbs though.Very neat building. Shaped like the trolly in town. This stop came recommend by my lyft driver. Walk in and its a hole in the wall. You seat yourself. Not very busy even though its Essence. They have a select menu for the festival.  Friendly staff. I asked for my catfish poboy to have extra seasoning and fried crispy. It had neither bout time it came to my table. Cheese wasnt melted and the fish had no seasoning. Not entirely happy nor would i recommend this stop.Delicious food, friendly service, good prices. Open 24 hours a day. Glad to find this place.This place exceeded my expectations. I love restaurants with big menus, and they have breakfast lunch and dinner served all day. I had the seafood omelette with hot sausage added, raisin toast, and grits. I tried my boyfriends crab cake and was blown away, it was so good and the biggest crab cake I've ever seen. The cocoa was a great dessert to end the meal. The server was pretty forgetful, she didn't get my order complete right, but she had great recommendations and checked on us regularly. Overall a really good experience!I visited The Trolley Stop on a Sunday afternoon during brunch hours. Our server was Charlotte! She has an amazing personality. The food was the best part and the price was even better. The was a bit of a wait to be seated and for our food but I am assuming we came during their peek time. Great restaurant and even better server!Stayed in New Orleans for my birthday weekend and chose to go to Trolley Stop for a late breakfast. Ok, maybe it was lunch time but I was still ordering breakfast.
 I ordered the trolley stop special and he had the shrimp omelette. We both ordered the banana nut pancakes. The pecans and bananas were cooked inside the pancakes. We were seated immediately although there was a crowd. Great food, great service!!Fabulous food, friendly service and great prices.  We were staying just up the road and The Trolley Stop became our go to place!! This casual diner has amazing good food in large portions.  Everyone, including the other diners were into the friendly atmosphere and we found ourselves chatting with people around usThe service here sucks the manager Michelle is very rude and also the seve Patricia. The food is pre cook in the morning and is served all day ask about the steam tableIt was a horrible experience. Wait time for food was long and when the food came, it was incorrect order. The waitress are rude and loud. Other people was getting up and leaving out because they had waited to long for their order. I order Hasbrowns and got French fries. The hostess is loud, rude, and talked to people crazy, she used profanity when talked to other guests about guest. Never will go their again. Garbage House.I LOVE THE TROLLEY STOP! Fantastic, slice-of-life New Orleans diner. The menu is solid, the service is good to you, but you better be good to them, too. I applaud this. There's no need for women to take crap from unruly male customers. 
Prices are reasonable, and the place is always busy, especially on Sundays. 
I visited several times during a recent trip to New Orleans and if you visit, you'll find yourself wanting to go back for seconds, too!Stayed at the Ponchratrain and ate here several times over the course of our week long stay. There was always friendly, fast service and great food. Don't order to go at 3 am on a weekend though, they messed up one order pretty terribly that way.This is the worst restaurant service I have ever had in my life.  Ever.  EVER!  I came here earlier in the week with a rather large group -- while the food mediocre (at the absolute best), the portions were huge, service was nice enough they could accommodate my dietary needs.  I though enough of them to give them a second try.  
Last night, I can back with less of a group thinking it would be faster (because the timing was different), the food would be a little different and I would have an average experience.  Boy, was I terribly mistaken!
When my group arrived, there was no one else in the restaurant.  The group ordered, mostly food to nibble on as snacks, and the server (who was doubling as the manager) took it back to the kitchen... 10 minutes go by and we hear nothing about the food... 20 minutes pass, and another couple walks in and orders... 30 minutes expire and that other couple has received their food, while we still know nothing about our dishes... at this point, I asked for the manager.  When I explained the situation to her, she said "They ordered before you... what do you want from me?"  I proceed to explain that this wasn't in fact the case and asked to see the ticket time to prove this to incorrect.
When she refused, I asked if she was short staffed, to which she replied "We're one down in our kitchen... what I am supposed to do?" (mind you, she hasn't yet apologized for how poor she's treating me/my group/our experience).  I proceeded to tell her that because she was the manager, it was her job to fill in the empty spot (with herself or another employee) and that I wouldn't have her condescending tone.
The icing on the cake was that when the food came out, all of it, literally, every single item was incorrect, cold, and poorly executed.  You want to know why you have no one in your restaurant?  Because you think it is okay to treat people as poorly as you treated my entire group.  I will never dine here again. 
0/5 would dine again.My breakfast was delicious. Perfect over medium eggs, perfect bacon, solid bloody mary.We came here for brunch and got to say that neither one of us was disappointed! The place is a bit on the crowded side but we got attended to quickly and the service was exceptionally good considering the fact that it was packed. I had the Southern breakfast with bacon, 2 eggs, grits, and 2 biscuits with country gravy. All of it delicious. The Mr. had the Seafood omelet with shrimp, hash browns, and toast and he definitely enjoyed it. The Munchkin had the Junior special of a pancake, scrambled eggs and sausage. He ate it all! We all had water, coffee and Mimosas for me and the Mr and the Munchkin had his apple juice. Overall delicious food.The food was decent. Server was ok. Super super slow. Forgot to bring out stuff. After we ordered and then waited an hour then the server came over to ask how we wanted the food cooked. Poured coffee in my tea and when I told him didn't bother to bring me another tea. It was not any one persons fault. I just think the place is mis-managed. They were busy with the holiday weekend and looked to be short staffed.Great late night eatery. Food and service and are swift. Not very pricey. Always the late night place after church or some other late night event.  One of the LAST FEW places in the NOLA that remain open and serve food after midnight...Banana split pancakes. Do I need to write anything other than that?
Trolley Stop seems to be a locals' spot. They serve a huge amount of good food at decent prices. We went here for breakfast and I ordered the aforementioned banana split pancakes. The pancakes were fluffy and made all the more scrumptious by a healthy serving of caramelized bananas and strawberry on top. They say laissez les bon temps rouler in NOLA, and the decadence of this breakfast would make you say it and not think of your diet.
The service was friendly, though it was a bit on the side of slow. But really, it is nice to be able to linger once in a while, and even the less than speedy service was appreciated.
I will be back for those banana split pancakes. They are really very scrumptious!Ok. 
That's the best word to describe this place. Just ok. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't fantastic which is what I expect from a food mecca like New Orleans. It's a good place to go to if it's 1 am and you are drunk but other than that, I wasn't terribly impressed. Anything that you can find here, can be found elsewhere - and it's probably better elsewhereOne of the best meals we had all weekend - and by far the cheapest!  The red beans and rice were amazing. Take the trolley down St Charles and have breakfast or lunch - you won't be dissapointed.  I had the red beans and rice, and it was as good as pricier restaurants around town.  Definitely a local crowd, and when I saw the cops coming out of the place, I knew the breakfast had to be great - it was!The barista at Haro coffee told me about this place, so off we went to get breakfast. The place is packed and for good reason, the service and the food are really good.Good breakfast spot. Cheap, quick and taste great. Staff was awesome and on top of the coffee. Better off going earlier in the morning because they get pretty busyGreat food, reasonable prices, service is adequate. I had the French Special. Simple ordinary but outstanding, when take ordinary and make it this good you're special. Now the service isn't bad, actually it is decent. It's just a little on the slower side.Just go here and eat. We did. Probably once a day (or middle of the night) and it's always a good thing. The wait staff if pretty cool too. Right priced and good portions.Went there 4 out of the 7 days we were in town. Great waiters, great crowd of locals. The local law enforcement & fire fighters stop by frequently. 
The chicken fried steak: BOMB
Chili cheese burger: AMAZING
Bacon cheeseburger: OMG
Everything I got was great & you feel like you're at your best friend's parent's house: "Good morning baby, sit anywhere you like."I love this place cut the hype of going to all the other big breakfast places in the city. The STOP is always great in and out service the Omelettes are great and dont forget to get a biscuit whoo!!  Know the staff looks a lil shaddy but hey thats how you know the food is GOODGood food and service. I had the chicken gumbo and my wife/son cheesecake and the other son breakfast. Nice atmosphere.I love love loooovveee trolley stop! BUT i've only went for their breakfast because it is sooooo good! Hopefully soon, i'll go and try other menu items! I would recommend this place to ANYONE!!!!We went there the morning before we leave town.  We wanted to go to a place where the locals eat (in the spirit of Anthony Bourdain).  Plus, we were ready to try something else after 2 days of po boys and seafood.  So I asked a cop who was rolling around in a segway to see where to find good local dives...and he both recommended this place (it was confirmed later that day by another guy who worked in a sandwich shop).   It was definitely a local breakfast joint...no frill ambiance...generous portions...and no shortage of grease which was exactly what I needed after 2 days of partying.  Definitely recommended.Food is ok . But the staff is just a little slow had to ask for coffee and creamers multiple times .Got here at 220 now 318 and still no food. Love coming here for a quick bite to eat but can't get our food. Very dissatisfied in this attempt to eat here. About to just get up and leave***2 Star deduction***
It's been a little while since I've been back to trolley stop so I decided to stop by and grab some breakfast. This time, it being a Friday, the place was buzzing with activity. I like that in a restaurant and this place has a great energy to it for the type of restaurant it is (more or less diner style food). 
I ordered the country breakfast which is chicken fried steak with "country" gravy and two eggs cooked any way with your choice of grits or hashbrowns (I chose grits). I also got a side order of a biscuit and gravy. 
They asked if I wanted cheese on my grits, I said sure. When I received my food, it did not look very appetizing, it liked like a $1 Banquet meal you pull out of the freezer! This was new for me because I've gotten plates that looked really great before....
When I got the grits the cheese was just thrown on there, not melted or anything which was disappointing, see pics. The eggs, which I got scrambled were not bad but not great either. The chicken fried steak, which I've had here before was very disappointing, it was much drier and smaller than ones I've had before. Also, they gravy they used was thin and not as creamy as what they have served me in the past. Not sure why they bother calling it "country" gravy, it just tasted like nothing and hardly looks like real gravy to me. 
The worst part of the meal was the biscuit and gravy. The gravy, like I said, was thin, watery, and lacked that creamy awesomeness that makes gravy addictive. It was very disappointing. The biscuit was very chalky, dry, dense and just really bland. I don't say this often but it was it was disgusting and an insult to biscuits and gravy as a southern staple.
I am giving 2 stars because my server was nice and I only spent a little over $10. I did leave full but also left feeling like the meal was an overall disappointment. The biscuit was pretty much inedible and I am not a fan paying for things like that. This visit showed several inconsistencies. Maybe they were just off their game but I will probably not be back for awhile because they definitely let me down this time.This place is open 24hr and is pretty cheap.  Good is good but customer service was slow.  Then again she was new so.... good place to eat.This place = 5 stars! 2 thumbs up!
1 star = Novelty
4 stars = Consistent food quality.
Everytime my mister and I return to New Orleans, we end our trip with Sunday brunch at the Trolley Stop. 
I order a Belgian waffle with a side of boneless fried chicken breast with their famous syrup.
This place is very near and dear to my heart as I've frequented this restaurant for several years and I've never been disappointed, in the service or food preparation.Trolley Stop was a good stop. After walking around the Garden District, we tried it for breakfast, and were very satisfied.  The french toast was really good, and the grits were great.  The prices weren't so bad, and it very well air-conditioned ( since it is so hot out).Very good food! The fish is lightly breaded and tasty! I doubt that anything is home made, but it satisfies the tummy. Great prices for the amount of food! It's worth a try!We had to wait 10 minutes for them toTake our drink order then took another 20 minutes for our waitress to come to take our food order we ordered gumbo and a burger and they forgot about the gumbo so then when it did come out it was cold after our burger came outVery interesting atmosphere. I loved the look. Food is good. Mostly deep fried, which I don't usually eat, but I had the Catfish Sandwich and it was really good. Service is great, pretty quick and very, very friendly. When I went there was a long line up, which I'm told is usual on weekends. However there's seating outdoors for you to wait and I met a few ppl in line and had good conversation until my table was ready. They have a gaming area here, too.Great place to get some breakfast! I always get the toast grits and egg combo! Not very expensive and really fun atmosphere. I love that the waitresses  are sassy. What a true new orleans experience.Arrived before breakfast and it's past noon still waiting for my order. Friendly waitress but the wait is beyond acceptable. 40 minutes later we were told it's just getting made.We come visit here EVERY time we stay in N.O. the food is fantastic and the servers are great! Biscuits are flaky,  sausage slight shove,  waffle very good@Great food and huge portions. The prices are really affordable and the staff are excellent!Went to trolley stop to make a change from my regular place (coulis). I'm a breakfast fiend.
We were told itd be a fifteen minute wait when we got there. No worries! However, two other couples who came in after were seated before us. We were only seated once I asked the host what was going on.
Once we ordered, it was about a 35 minute wait for food. The coffee was also simply awful. The food, once arroved, was bland and underspiced. I understand this is a diner type place, but come on! Also, both our eggs were wildly undercooked. 
We wont be back.First time trying this place and was quite disappointed. Ordered the pigs in a blanket and the pancakes were stone cold.Not liking it at all. Furniture is old and scraped. Waiter is strange to say the least. We've been waiting for our food for 20 min now and still nothing. I wish we went somewhere else. Food finally came and it's pretty good. Was worth the wait.We came in here at like 3 in the morning and Will had a smile on his face and Serviced us as if we were Queens. She didn't raise any different and give his all his professionalism. So here we are again tonight at 12:30 in the morning having a lovely breakfast made by Yours Truly, Will. When I come back for Halloween I will definitely be stopping here no matter what. Their food here is inexpensive and amazing. Keep doing what you're doing Will!!!Food was ok, nothing to rave about. Waitress was friendly. Atmosphere was a little small, but not that noisy so that was good.I thought I had reviewed this place long ago!  It's an urban diner, best viewed between the hours of 1AM - 6AM. Service is prompt, friendly, and nonjudgemental. Don't expect sustainable items here; it's quick and dirty all the way.Great breakfast on St Charles ave!  Must tryWaitress was nice.  Oatmeal was a good portion. Prices were low.  Grits were PLAIN.  Bagel and cream cheese were yummy.This place is one of the best late night food stop! Some places start taking short cuts after 10p but the Trolley Stop keeps it real all day all night. The manager, Kendall is soooooo hospitable and helpful with menu items for newbies. Even gave a sample! BREAKFAST ON POINT!! I will be back!!Stopped in for a late night bite. Service was great, and so was the food and the prices. Great late night spot and full menu 24/7 so whatever you're in the mood for, the will make.This is my go-to-place for a good meal at a fair price. I went here twice during my stay in the Garden District: once with my wife and once on my own. My wife ordered fried oysters with a loaded baked potato while I got a smoked sausage sandwich with fries. My wife and our lady server got into a nice conversation and were like old friends by the end of our meal. On my subsequent solo visit, I was received by a friendly gentleman server who took my order for pigs in a blanket and talked to me as if we had known each other for years. If "Cheers" were a diner instead of a bar, it would be this place. No one knew our names (yet) but they made you feel right at home.
PRO TIP #1: If you happen to be driving, they have limited on-site parking for the time of your stay.
PRO TIP #2: They have an accessible ramp for people riding mobility vehicles that leads to an alternate entrance. You'll just have to knock on the door for the staff to let you in. 
Enjoy!How lucky am I to have this restaurant so close to my vacation spot. The selection of breakfast items should cover most appetites that are cooked to perfection. Our server, Pamela a gem to New Orleans gave us a warm welcome and great service. After eating out for days this was the perfect spot for me, the food was right on and plentiful and served by a fun &Fried oysters were delicious! Could do without the bagged lettuce for side salad!Food is pretty bad. Servers are friendly. I ordered a Southern breakfast which included a biscuit with gravy, two eggs, grits and a choice of meat. Gravy was soupy, grits needed seasoning, meat was soggy. I was shocked, since it looks like the type of dive/diner with really good cooks AND it's in New Orleans. I wouldn't recommend it.I had breakfast here. The food was great, laid-back environment, and very reasonably priced. The waitresses were very friendly and outgoing. Good place to go for a "home cooked meal.Prices are reasonable, food is good, place is cute, servers and staff are charming. So why two stars? Waited over an hour for our food, that's ok but only my plate came out.  We waited 25 minutes more before my partner, Sychaeus, got his breakfast. Poor Sychaeus, he is so patient. No wait staff said anything about it either, no apology or info. So I ate while he watched. I felt really uncomfortable with that and as the time passed I grew anxious and lost my appetite. Just as we were about to leave, his food came. 
If you have hours to kill, like our immortally damned to Dis souls, this may all be fine. Yet, I really love my partner and wanted him to feel happy and important. Don't worry, he's happy and everything is wonderful but we will be hesitant to return on a Sunday. There are many more places to eat beyond the great flames of Dis, where my poor Sychaeus doesn't have to wait out his eternity, watching me revel in the glorious carnal treats of this earthly paradise.This was the best breakfast I've had in many years! It's just eggs, hash browns, biscuits and gravy with sausage but everything is made in a uniquely fresh way. The hash browns are more like home fries, spiced to perfection. The biscuits where fluffy on the inside but just the right amount of crispy on the outside and the gravy!! This place is away from the tourist area and filled with locals. It's a true New Orleans experience I highly recommend!Went on a recommendation from a friend. It was super early but the staff was friendly and the food was good! The seafood omelette was perfect!!Decent local spot, friendly service. Food is not fast, but waitress kept the coffee flowing while we waited. Food was just okay. I had the Southern Breakfast and the gravy was runny and bland, had to cut the biscuit with a knife. Grits and eggs were good.Today, after a pointless day at the DMV (I didn't have my birth certificate with me), I decided to try Trolley Stop.  
It's not too far from my house and I haven't really had breakfast food out in the 2 months I've been living in New Orleans.  When I walked in it looked extremely busy.  There were no empty seats at the bar or waiting area so I assumed the wait would be long for a table.  In about 3 minutes I was greeted with a man asking me "How many baby?"  "Just one." He quickly sat me at a four top in the middle of the dining room.  As a single diner I loathe sitting at a big table in the middle of the dining room, but didn't feel intimidated at all.  
Although, it was very loud, I was able to read my book while I waited for my eggs benedict.  Yes, that's right a heart attack on a plate, but it sounded different and good.  It wasn't your typical benny.  Thick cut canadian bacon, a slice of tomato, a square of american cheese, on top of a toasted english muffin all doused with country gravy.  It was also served with amazing potatoes and just enough grits.  Obviously, this isn't fancy food, but it was so comforting, a few hours later I'm still thinking about it.  
As previous reviews stated, service was slow, but friendly.  I wasn't asked whether I wanted toast of biscuits, that was supposed to come with the meal; I wouldn't have been able to eat it anyway.  
I can't really see myself going there for dinner, since the menu is typical diner fare, unless it was after a night of hard partying.  So many good choices in this city I hope to try some more.Overall, I recommend the breakfast menu at Trolley Stop, since it's very comforting and filling.This is one of my favorite places for a quick awesome breakfast!! I've been many times and the food is always on point. The nice waiters/waitresses always make it a great experience. The atmosphere is cool & casual. Would definitely recommend to all!I love eating at the Trolley whenever I'm in New Orleans. The food is super tasty and the prices are extremely reasonable. Some of the best pancakes and bacon of my life.I know you shouldn't judge a spot after just one visit, but we're only here for a week and have too many places to visit and do not have the time to try it twice.  Let's just say my girlfriend and I got sick after eating breakfast here.  We believe it's the over greased egg white omelet.  The food we had, other than the omelet were just ok.  My chicken fried steak along with the gravy is bland.  The biscuit was nothing to scream about.  The grits...  well it's grits.  This was a local's recommendation.  So far, what the locals have recommended haven't been good.  They are 0-3 so far.Open 24 hrs, good food, decent prices, friendly service...what else can you ask for?
1st time here. Got here just after 10, which is normally the end of my breakfast window, but went for it anyway. 
THE FOOD:
I had the French Special which is 2 eggs, bacon, French toast, choice of sausage or ham, and choice of grits or something I forgot. I got eggs scrambled, they were fluffy and done perfectly.  French toast was just a touch on the dry side, but had cinnamon and powdered sugar and had a lot of flavor. The bacon was really good, might have been smoked, but was just delicious.  Grits, kind of farina'ee, sausage ok. I got French fries on the side...super! 
Seemed very clean, waitress was very nice. 
I like it. It's right down the street from me, so I'll be back.Went Sunday at noon. The wait was 35 minutes but the waiting crowd was slim. Down to one single bathroom. Once we got our drinks our waitress disappeared for most of an HOUR. Never once asked if we needed refills or water or told anything about kitchen. We finally flagged another waiter to find out where our food was and were assured it was on its way out. Another 10 minutes or so out food came out but WRONG (which i decided not to complain about) but we had to remind waitress we need silverware. She brought silverware and once again left abruptly IGNORING me when I asked for pancake cake syrup.  Assuming it was going to be a long while before she resurfaced, I approached the waitress area to politely ask for some syrup. Same waitress got loud and boisterously announced she's bring it to me. Got back to table and when she finally came, guess what she didn't have! Paid by cash and received wrong amount of change back. That really sits wrong with me. Won't be back.If I could give this restaurant a zero star I would.  We went into the restaurant at9:30 am and put our name in, the busboy was taking the nan a and for 45 minutes he kept saying "I got you you're next". After 45 minutes he came to us and said the kitchen is short staffed, he could seat us but there wouldn't be a waiter to take our order...really!!!! We left and went to st Charles tavern because clearly he didn't have ant us thereAwesome place to eat!!! Excellent service! Had southern breakfast and it wad great! Local/authentic food!! Gotta try it!A sin in a place like New Orleans. I don't know where these other Yelpers were but maybe not the same Trolley Stop? Go here if you want no -nutrition, greasy, badly cooked food in a military canteen kinda environment made from the lowest quality crappy ingredients, and I mean the LOWEST served up to you by a wrinkly ol' waitress with one eye and a limp. Especially on St. Charles and in this area in general, at these prices... ? head somewhere else. No. Run!Fantastic diner - just right for breakfast. Good prices, great fast service. Highly recommend.About a 30 minute wait on Sunday mornings but ask for a cup of coffee while you wait. Inexpensive food and  very tasty. $6.99 for the Trolley Stop special which included eggs, bacon, hash browns and 2 pancakes. The $12 bottomless Mimosas is well worth it because you can take the remainder in a to-go-cup. The $11 steak was thick and juicy. The waitress recommended against the crab cakes because the seafood may not be very fresh.The morning that i was set to depart on a cruise i woke up early and went to find some breakfast that would tide me over until lunch and came across this place which was close to the B&B that I was staying at. 
Upon entering the establishment I was greeted quite warmly by one of the waitresses and sat at a table. They have plenty of daily specials for both breakfast and lunch/dinner, both seemed quite tasty but as it was breakfast i went with a tried a true! I had the trolley special, which was two eggs and pancakes and ham and grits. All was delicious and very filling which was needed!
When i come back to New Orleans, i know I'll be back!Good food,  great waitresses,  great music, and atmosphere.  Breakfast all day which my wife enjoyed.  I had a corned beef sandwich which was pretty good.  Open 24 hours.  Stop in here!!!!I've been coming to the Stop for breakfast, lunch, and early dinners for years. You have to know what you're getting into or you may leave disappointed. It's not fancy, I doubt much of it is homemade. But I gotta tell ya...it hits the spot some days. My favorites are the omlets, which are well stuffed and always cooked perfectly, the cheeseburger and the fried chicken sandwich, which is mammoth and could probably be split with a friend. Go and enjoy!A local referred us to The Trolley Stop for breakfast and, indeed, this place was filled with locals only. Great breakfasts at a good price, but the great breakfast was offset by the slightly tilted floor.It was late, we were tired, and this place was right on the streetcar line that we would ride to get back to our AirBnB - so, win win!
We walked in and it was clear this was THE spot, because the place was full of locals, definitely not a tourist vibe.
Our waiter was ... I believe his name was Tyler? .. but he was great and helped us pick out what to get because we were both a bit indecisive.
I ordered a chocolate chip waffle and some biscuits & gravy with a Diet Coke; hubby ordered the breakfast meal (eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns).
Simple staple foods, delicious, and fresh. Everything hit the spot and soothed my tired aching bones at the end of a long hot day traipsing all around the Crescent City.
I was restored so that I could make it back to the bed, rest up, and start all over again the next day!
Next time we are in the area, I'd love to come back and try some of the dinner entrees because they all sounded tasty!
Oh and the prices CAN'T be beat - so much better than what you pay a mile away over in the Quarter, and better quality too!
The decor is quite dated but that's part of the appeal - don't let that be a turnoff because the place is clean, comfy, and the food is a WINNER.Loved the cozy feel of this cafe. The food was good and the service was good also.Location to our hotel was just a few blocks from us. Popular place for the locals you had to wait to be seated. By the time we left the line was out the door and into the parking lot.If I could give it fewer than 1 star I would.  I will never spend another dime in this place.  And I am making it my mission to tell as many people as I can why.  Despite the food being only mediocre, the prices were reasonable.  But their management policies regarding their customers SUCK.
Last night (Saturday, February 14, 2015 at about 7pm) my wife and I had just finished our meal, paid up and were leaving.  At the table next to us there was a party of five, which included a young mentally disabled boy.  They had waited a long time for their food and the boy was hungry.  They asked the waitress for a piece of bread and were REFUSED!  She told them they would have to order another po boy in order for him to get the piece of bread.  The party was in disbelief, but after being assured that was the rule they got up and left.  We left at the same time.  The seven of us were standing around outside discussing how ridiculous their situation was  Another two couples came up and were studying the outside menu and overheard us.  They then left.
So far the restaurant has lost the five half-coooked meals that hey had to throw out, and the business of the four people who left after hearing from us about the incident 
And they made seven customers absolutely irate.  We will tell everyone we know how ridiculous that restaurant's stupid decision was.  My wife and I are timeshare owners of the Wyndham Avenue Plaza a half-block up the street, and we have told their management about it.  I am a member of a Wyndham Owners facebook forum where we share such information.  I will tell that story on there, and thousands of owners will read it.
I am going to guess that incident will, over time, cost that restaurant perhaps a hundred thousand dollars in lost revenue.
All because they were too cheap to give a hungry mentally challenged boy a 20 cent piece of bread.
I mentioned the exact time and date earlier, hoping that whichever idiot made the decision to withhold that 20 cent piece of bread from a hungry mentally challenged boy will find him or herself out on the street looking for a new job.  Which would be the right decision.  That kind is not needed in the "hospitality" business.I'm giving The Trolley Stop Cafe, three stars  because of the prices, portions and overall space. The food was basic diner/cafe food but with a southern feel. The tables were all close together and it made me feel like a sardine at times. However, the home-y essence at this place will make you overlook any discrepancies. I think if you are looking for a quick good wholesome restaurant for a family then this is the cafe for you; but if you are looking for a cafe with a modern twist maybe try pj's coffee.