Went to Three B's for drinks earlier this week...holy cow, y'all, DAT FROSE. To die for. Also, the bartenders and staff were extremely attentive and friendly. Will DEFINITELY be back again soon!Delicious burgers!!! Great service. So happy this place is finally open. We cannot wait to return. A side of fries is enough for 2 or 3 people.Burgers have very good flavor. Buns are an inch smaller than the patty which makes for quite a mess to eat. We ordered burgers medium but they were rare. Onion rings and fries were very tasty. Manager noticed my husband didn't finish the burger and stopped by to ask if it was ok. I was invisible apparently because he didn't ask me. I very nicely said mine was flavorful but was rare and I couldn't finish it. And buns should be larger or patties smaller. Without acknowledging me he proceeded to explain to my husband how patties were cooked to ensure even cooking and to order burgers more done than desired. Wow. Maybe suggest that to the servers to tell customers! We are in no rush to return. Server was attentive and very professional. Manager was brusque and borderline rude.This burger place opened recently in Lakeview. It was just renovated so it is spacious with clean lines and a soft background. The bar is huge with a huge selection of great wine as well as beers and specialized cocktails. The menu is limited but does offer other options besides hamburgers. But if you are craving a good burger with a nice glass of wine or beer this is a good spot. Try the special sauces and the special cocktails as well.Best bar in lakeview and some of the best cocktails in New Orleans! Bartenders and staff are great. Came here with a group of 8 and everyone said they can't wait to come back.Food was phenomenal! We had a 3B burger and a turkey club and fries. To top it off we had the cheesecake/raspberry ice cream. It was all amazing, from presentation to taste. You CAN NOT go wrong here!My wife and I had a craving for burgers tonight. We gave three b's in lakeview a shot and boy they did not disappoint. The place is absolutely gorgeous. I had the south burger and she had the Jose burger. Both of them were cooked to perfection. I will be back!! The couple next to us ordered a chicken sandwich and it also looked delicious. Thank you three bs and welcome to the neighborhood.Food is amazing! Great service and the wait staff is friendly and very welcoming! Highly recommend this place.Definitely recommend this place. Food was delicious & service was fantastic as well. Went for Sunday brunch right at opening 11am & it was dead so service was prompt & focused on us only :) Had the stuffed chicken sandwich which was so good. My friends had the South burger and the Turkey Club sandwich which were equally delicious. Overall great atmosphere with great food/service.Went here when they first opened. Didn't have any expectations, just hoping for the best. Sadly, far from the best. Service was bad and inattentive, we watch our food sit while our waiter watched the game on TV.  I ordered the burrata salad expecting juicy tomatoes and creamy cheese. I was sadly mistaken when a small portion of unripe green tomatoes and some cherry tomatoes for some reason. This was upsetting because it cost $13. I also ordered fries because I was still hungry. Sadly, they were oily and crumbs. The table next to us sent back food for who knows why. Overall a horrible experience. Not a good replacement for Lakeview Harbor. If you want the same type of food for a better taste and price, go down the street to Lakeview Harbor's new location instead.Not impressed! We had the three B and the PIG. They were not cooked the way we wanted but didn't send it back because we already waited so long. Both dry as can be! Not worth the money at all! The server was HORRIBLE! Saw her only 3 times during the meal.  She dropped off the check, walked off and decide to hold a long conversation with the table behind us. Meanwhile our payment was clearly visible that we were ready to pay. Sat there for nearly 20 minutes before I just asked one of the hostess to handle our check because we have been waiting. Oh the lovely waitress then decides to check to see if we were ready to pay. Told her that we already gave it to someone else to take care IV because she was too busy having a conversation with the table behind us. Service like that doesn't deserve any tip! Will be going across the street for better food, better price, and excellent service!My friend and I went to Three B's for brunch on a Sunday. We got there a few minutes before they opened, but they still let us come in to sit by the bar while we waited for the rest of our party and for them to officially open.  They have bottomless mimosas which they let us order while we were at the bar waiting. When the rest of our party got there, they sat us and we looked over the menu. My friend and I split the Charcuterie and Cheese Board which was pretty good. One of the items is a duck liver moose which we were both hesitant about, but it was delicious! The waitress was very friendly and attentive, and the manager was also friendly. He was walking around checking on us and other tables. We were all happy with our experience.Just had it for the first time with 3 other people.  Was really busy and we waited 30 mins to sit down.
 But once we did, we ordered and the food came out 20 minutes later. We all tried a different burger, and they all tasted good, Prolly because the beef patty was done so well...juicy, fluffy and full of flavor. 
The decor and space was excellent and the staff also good
Would definitely go back again.Ate on opening night& it was very disappointing. Hamburger was not evenly cooked on both medium well & well done burgers. Love Andy's Bistro so I thought the food would be of equal quality. Not even close. One and done with this place.Great, new place to eat in Lakeview! Food was great, service was excellent and the place was beautiful, too!Was looking forward to trying Three B's as we heard it was the same owners of Andie's Bistro in Metairie who has a fantastic burger. Three B's was very good. Onion rings were great. Service was excellent and very friendly. Price is reasonable and the decor was very comfortable. Definitely going back.I had the fried chicken sandwich with a side of the pickled mirliton slaw. OMG so good. the fried chicken sandwich is soo good with the smoked tasso inside. the chicken is so moist and tender. it gave me a warm rustic kiss. Like where have all the cowboys gone?? but for real, this place is nice. ya gotta check it out.Ambiance was a 7/10
Service was a 5/10... take that with a grain of salt because there was an issue with our server having to leave but the manger stepped in a waited tables, that's a plus! 
Appetizer - wings 6/10
Entree- Fried Chicken sandwich 6/10
Sides- Onion rings 7/10 ... fresh not frozen and fries 5/10Great food and atmosphere.  Amanda was our very attentive server as well as with the other tables I saw her serve.  Will definitely be back.The new place in Lakeview so I thought I'd give it a try. We went Sunday when they arrive $12 bottomless mimosa. The restaurant opens at 11am on Sunday but I was meeting people so I showed up at about 10:45. One of the staff members opened the doors early and let me and right away offered me a drink. 
Once the rest of my part came we sat down and order. Food was great and you could tell the staff was excited about the restaurant and truly cares about us. 
At about 12pm it was packed but our wonderful waitress checked on us and made sure our mimosas never hit the bottom and that everything was great!
Portions are about average size. Burgers and sandwiches don't come with sides, they have to be ordered separately. 
I just wish the store hours were different but besides that the restaurant, the staff, and the experience was really enjoyable.Frosé all the way! Brussel sprouts too! Yum! So excited for this restaurant in Lakeview. We will be back.Just meandering through and found this place on Yelp. Awesome burger, fries, and service. The bacon on the burger really completes the meal. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Went last Monday, which was right after opening weekend. The fact that we paid $13 for a creole tomato salad and had unripe tomatoes that barely even filled half the plate should say a lot. The prices are way too high for the subpar food they served. The burgers were just OK, and the fries we got were basically crumbs. The best thing there was definitely the frosé. On top of all that, the wait staff seemed to not care about anything, literally standing around watching TV until someone's order came out (we got our order before a group of people who had been there before us). Another table seemed to have an issue with their food and asked for it to be sent back and we watched the wait staff all roll their eyes as they brought it to the kitchen. I'm hoping I just came on a bad night because it was right after their first weekend, but the staff just seemed too confused and bored for me to come back. Usually if you charge prices like this, you have to compensate that with something good, but I couldn't figure out what that was.Mediocre burger place. Service is OK. Food is OK. They served me a burger on toasted sliced bread. Eh.While the burgers (and burger selection) are quite decent here, we found precious little to write home about, and doubt we'll be back.
Service is adequate and friendly, far from fussy or formal. In fact, I don't recall the owner saying a word beyond greeting us at the door.
If you're with older folks, don't expect to find an easy way in (for some reason, they chose to eliminate all Handicapped Parking from the lot, and placed what may be an access ramp on the far side of the new outdoor seating area, next to a gravel alleyway #wtf). At least the seats are passably comfortable.
Fries and onion rings are greasy, a tad overcooked and undersized, but I suspect that's in keeping with the "small plates" approach to the Three B's dining experience. Long story short: You may leave full, but you will pay dearly (averaged $25/person sans dessert or appetizers) for the privilege.
Dining space is capacious, clean and bright, but lacking entirely in ambiance or charm. Instead, you're treated to non-stop Autotune muzak at hurry-up-and-eat volume levels, with an always-on TV glued to the wall. All of which become more noticeable as you wait (and wait some more) for your food to arrive.
Food: Burgers = big, maybe A- fare. Poke bowl = undercooked rice and surprisingly devoid of veggie accompaniment. Fries = fine but greasy. Onion rings = skinny and salty. Sauces = unremarkable.
Not sure what demographic they were aiming for, but definitely not youngsters, oldsters or hipsters. For that matter, we felt more like we were in a Metairie tavern than a Lakeview neighborhood, especially palpable amidst the many other hard-hitting Harrison Avenue establishments who IMHO will likely outlast this one.Love this place...Definitely worth a visit. The food is fantastic, fresh, great flavors! Drinks are very good. People that work there are friendly and outgoing. Met some awesome locals. Will be back again.Man oh man this place never disappoints! These burgers hit the spot every time! Great service! Awesome atmosphere! Ice cold draft beer!Three B's is a new restaurant in Lakeview that took over Lakeview Harbor. My girlfriend and I went there for 4th of July for a quick burger and drink. Please be aware there menu is al a cart. Burgers and sandwiches do not come with a side. There mayo "sauces" have a wonderful place here and will be interesting to see what comes of this niche idea. 
I ordered the Jose burger which was very good. More on spicy side. My girlfriend ordered the creole chicken sandwich.  The sandwich was very under seasoned (fried chicken had no salt or flavor, coleslaw was bland with no pickle element and other condiments were nothing notable). 
We ordered sides of French fried and brussel sprouts. The French fried were overly salty and not crisp, but soggy and soft. The Brussel sprouts were very chewy and bland. 
I will say the General Manager came up to the table to take our feedback. He was very kind and comp'd us a round of drinks. After taking with the GM, this restaurant has high potential with there food.  They have only been open for a few day. Some slack should be cut for them. A few tweaks and this place could become a household name in Lakeview. 
On a side note - they have happy hour from 4-6:30pm with half off draft beers, draft wine, and cocktails.It's our first time going to this new restaurant and we were surprised on how they did really well renovating on the interior. It looks clean and modern but when it comes to the food they have limited menu to just burgers and sandwiches. The highlight of our meal was the appetizer smoked chicken wings which were done perfect and the triple B standard house burger cooked medium to our liking. Burger was juicy, flavorful but for almost twelve dollars it doesn't come with a side so you have to pay for sides. Got the fries which was a big let down because they were too SALTY yes all capital letters because I just ate two and I needed a whole glass of water to washed it all down. Onion rings were good and our waitress was friendly and the food came out on time. Overall if you're into gourmet burgers that are little pricey maybe because they're located in Lakeview and if you're into beers and a wide selection of wine then this place is for you. Maybe I'll give it another shot after a few months since it's newly opened.Meh...the Big Burger nxt door at Taste is better. They didnt ask how I wanted my burger cooked then brought it out med. well. My burger was suppose to have tomato and I added a fried egg, both were absent. I know its new but service was slow. Strawberry ròse was good.My wife and I went in for a 4th of July burger after a day in the sun. I got the South burger, it was amazing! The subtle flavor of chicory and sharp cheddar made for an excellent combo. The burger was juicy and hit the mark on all areas. The wait staff was very attentive and my water cup never hit empty. I will warn you that the burgers come without sides, so be ready to pay $5-$7 depending on the sides (I got onion rings, which were also amazing and not greasy). My wife got the market salad with shrimp and I almost tried to get her to trade food with me. According to her the salad tasted as great as it looked. We will definitely be back, but maybe we will skip on getting sides.Burgers with really good flavor, unlike that other Lakeview burger place that somehow got popular.  Onion rings are amazing as well!Cool new place in Lakeview with a great bar and knowledgeable bartenders. My drink of choice was a specialty whiskey cocktail called "up in smoke." It was very good. For dinner, I ordered the fried chicken sandwich stuffed with smoked tasso. It was AMAZING! I also ordered the smoked wings and finished with a sweet and salty sundae. The sundae was huge and had a piece of candied bacon on top. Overall, it was a great experience.The food that we ordered was really good. Leaving one star off for the service. The waiter was not very attentive and let the drinks sit empty for a while.Disappointing experience! My friends and I were looking forward tol drinks at the new  bar on Harrison. We ordered once and then the bartender announced last call at 10:45.  So, we ordered our drinks and the bar tenders started cleaning around us. We ended up leaving and going to another bar that welcomed us.I came here Friday night with Mom and brother.  They told us 20-30 minute wait.  I got us drinks at the bar.  The place was packed.  We asked if we could be seated outside.  We ordered onion rings as a n appetizer.  They came out with the burgers as our meal.  I asked for medium to be split with my Mom and explained no pink.  i ate it just fine.  We had brussell sprouts they were ice cold as if they were sitting for hours.  They took it back and they were delicious with feta and walnuts.  It was great.  I like the place and burger.  I know they are still trying to figure out the kinks still.  I will return!I have been here at least 4 times so far and we love this place. My kids love the Parmesan fries!! I love the happy hour!!Awesome food, service and atmosphere. The renovations are beautiful. They also have great drink specials. I will be back!Pictured is the Jose burger and garlic parmesan fries .  These burgers are outstanding!  I came back as 4 days ago I ate the"south " burger and was just totally amazed at the flavors.  Definitely worth stopping in.  Interior has booths, tables and Bar section.  One tv on each wall with sound turned down (thank you) to watch any game.  Super clean inside.We went today for dinner at around 5:30 and it was very good. We were seated immediately and were served quickly. My daughters got the Three bs burger and the burata salad. The burger and fries were very good and although the salad was good it was quite small. I would recommend adding chicken or shrimp to it. I had the smoked turkey sandwich and it was tasty. For desert my daughter ordered the strawberry cheesecake. When it came out we realized it was in fact quite a LARGE strawberry sunday with a slice of cheesecake on top. All three of us ate a generous amount yet we still could not finish it. Very good but a large surpriseWe were a party of 3 and we went on a Sunday around 12:30.  Ran into some friends who said they had been twice and both times food was just OK.  We ordered burgers, onion rings and fries.  Food took a long time to arrive and everything was over fried.  Not a good meal and we will not be back.This is a nice space.  If you had been there under the previous Lake Harbor, you'll be amazed at how nicely they have redone this space.  Has an open, high ceiling, upscale feel and a nice u-shaped bar in the center.  About the burgers....totally just OK.  They look good, they are good quality ingredients, but the meat has no flavor.  They don't appear to use any salt and pepper on the beef patty at all and there isn't a lot of natural grill flavor to make up for it.  If they can jest get the meat to have a nice beef flavor, this place would be great!  Seems like an easy fix.  I have been here 3 times.  Based on the current way they prepare the beef patty, I would say that the Patty Melt has a better overall flavor than the regular burger.  I little salt and pepper before cooking goes a long way!The expanded menu and frozen drinks keep my wife and I coming back time and time again. The South burger was good but the Suzie Q was amazing. They are always experimenting with different shareable plates for each season. A must visit place on a regular basis.I stopped by there yesterday at 8 pm it was first time so I wanted to discover the menu. First server came 3 times back to back and try to take my order. Another server showed up and she said she is taking care of my table . 
She was sweet and nice I didn't have her service problem . My problem was with the kitchen, I ordered wings and burger.wings came to table it took 30 min to arrive to my table and cold inside tasteless wings .
Burger came after wings but onion rings was cold it was sitting back there while burger was cooking I guess 
Burger Bunn is nothing special you can say rauses bunny buns style . After taste was the worst , they don't use good quality oils . They got two star because of second server and ambiance. 
This is great good looking ambiance with bullshit food ...This place must have had such high hope that it priced itself out of the market.  Two mediocre glasses of wine cost us $28.00 and the food was just so so.  The waitress knew little about wine yet advised us on the mediocre ones she suggested.  The décor, on the other hand is atrocious, embarrassingly so and juvenile.  I felt I was in a fast food bar for cowboys.  Never again and I mean never.So good I went twice in one week!  First time was for a late lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant was not busy and quiet. I got the stuffed chicken sandwich and fries. The chicken was stuffed with tasso and topped with jalapeños. It definitely had a kick!  To turn the kick down I might pass on the jalapeños next time..But if you like it hot, this is the perfect sandwich for you!  The second time I went (6 days later) was for drinks and appetizers after work.. and by drinks I mean a mocktail since I'm currently pregnant. I was shocked by how packed the place was, but we received the same great service as we did when it wasn't busy. I asked our server for the best mocktail he could get. He came back with an amazing strawberry mojito. The only thing that would have made the mojito better would have been well rum but ya know priorities lol.... I'll be back in 2 months to get the full leaded mojito for sure!  Another good thing to note is that their sweet potato waffle fries are on point. Give this neighborhood burger spot a shot!  You won't be disappointed.I went here for my first time with work friends. Everyone got a burger I got the turkey sandwich. We all ate onion rings, Parmesan fries and sweet potato fries. All the food was delicious and service was great. The frose was also delicious.The bacon me blue burger is crazy good.   I also like the atmosphere here.   Great place to unwind and enjoy some cocktails with a great burger or some wings or both!    Nice addition to Lakeview livingI went to Thee Bs when first opened, one of best burgers I ever had, the service was also tops. Today 3/13/19  was a different story I had a friend with I am sure he enjoyed his meal it was first time their. When I returned home I called an spoke to a manager  and asked why the burger tasted different he said they were not using different patties in stead of 12oz they are now using two 6oz  and the bonds are also from new bakery(I could tell) also onion rings were taken off menu. I think they are more into the night life than lunch. This was the last time I will go to the 3Bs.  Call me SHORTYThe service was good, and so was the food.  The wine was great, my wife had a shake.  Next time I'll have to try the desserts.Was there at 4 pm on a weekday when they weren't especially busy. Ordered a cocktail and a salad at the bar. Drink never arrived... bartender seemed rather distracted. Caesar salad was awful and outrageously overpriced. It literally looked and tasted as though they bought it pre-made the day before from a nearby supermarket. Will give them another chance, though, because the turkey sandwich someone else ordered looked tasty. But take my advice and don't get a salad.Delicious burgers well cooked with lots of options to choose from. I suggest getting the Mac and cheese or the wings to start. Also their happy hour is on perntCan someone explain to me why does the milkshake takes longer than the burger? Anyways the burger is dry the bun was dry n crumbly. Server was good food .wow! we had 7 people and service couldn't have been better. our server cole was not only cute but also knowledgeable about the menu and patient with us! the manager came by our table and was very friendly and encouraged us to come back. very charming atmosphere with a fantastic menu. couldn't have asked for more.We decided to come here for a work monthly happy hour and ended up having a great time! Our waitress was easy and go with the flow despite people coming and leaving all evening. The happy hour food and drinks specials were awesome - get the boudin balls! I also loved that they have a delicious and filling burger bowl if you're looking to skip the bread or saving room for onion strings that are dipped in Tabasco or crystal before frying... drool!I don't think I've ever written a review unless something went horribly wrong, but this place is the exception. I've only eaten from here twice. Once in house and the second time I ordered through waitr. The only negative thing I could say about Three B's is that I couldn't order the onion rings over Waitr! :) the simple flavors, perfectly cut and seasoned fries, and the sauces!!!!! Omg just perfection! Who knew I could love a simple food so much because of three B's!!!A thoroughly satisfying place. Wide variety of burgers, and having them available as a "slider flight" makes it easy to try different ones. I forget which four we tried, but they were all decidedly yummy. Nice ambience, fast and friendly service. The only negative for me was a limited beer selection - a decent number, but too many that were too similar. Oh, and my inner grammar snob cringes at the superfluous apostrophe in the name, but I'm glad I didn't let that put me off from an enjoyable meal. Will be back.Thus was our first time visiting Three B's, and we couldn't be happier with our decision to come here. This place has a fantastic ambiance, and a spectacular staff.
The Suzi Q burger with the sweet potato waffle fries is superb. As is the Southern grilled chicken sandwich.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!!Great place. You can't go wrong with any of their burgers.  A can't miss in Lakeview.  Looking forward to better weather when we can eat outside and enjoy a couple of their amazing strawberry Froses!!We recently ate at Three B's Burger and the food was excellent.  We had the regular hamburger with curly fries and the hamburger with Swiss cheese and sautéed mushrooms and curly fries.  The burgers were so juicy and not dry at all.  The fries were not your typical curly fries.  Delicious!  Will definitely go again.Great food and service. Definitely going back. Got the South Burger wit zero regrets!Love this place! Great burgers, smoked wings, beer selection and friendly staff! Great happy hour deals and fast service. Also is dog friendly on their outside patio and good for families outside and inside.Exceptional Surprise!  Beautifully decorated interior, friendly staff, quick service.  The surprise was that it was happy hour(Sunday). 50¢ smoked wings and half priced cocktails.  I ordered plain wings , glad to enjoy full smoked flavor and froze'.  Then had the City Park burger, shredded cheese, caramelized onions and hickory sauce. Next surprise was that it was a double patty with the Pontchatoula cocktail.  My friend ordered the 'Let the Beet Drop" cocktail... Not a good idea, but we did give out input on how to improve it only to find out we were the first to order it. Our server was sooo helpful and friendly.  Definitely returning.... soon!This was the BEST burger I've had in a looong time! It was fresh, the portions were satisfying, the atmosphere and decor are lively and the servers were courteous. I have not one complaint. The menu is fairly simple: burgers, appetizers, sides, salads and 2 Happy Hours with excellent prices.  Great place to meet up w/friends, dine alone at the bar or with a date. Parking could be challenging during busy times, but definitely worth the visit!It's fine. Perfectly fine.
The prices are high for similar burgers and beers elsewhere ($9 for an IPA?). The burgers are brought out on little cutting boards and the fries in a mini fry basket... cute, but messy and not too many fries.
The atmosphere is modern and upscale with an open floor plan. TVs are oddly placed not primarily in the bar area, but located throughout the dining room.
Overall, if someone were to insist on Three B's, I wouldn't object, but returning to dine again isn't on my priority list.We were kicked out for no explanation. I'm the first to admit if I/we are out of line, but even after I asked for the check, the manager told us to leave. I'll never go there again.I noticed this place a few days ago passing by going to the velvet cactus right next doors. The fact that is said "Wine Bar" is what caught my eye. Decided to try it out and everything I ended was really good. I would definitely recommend three bs to anyone wanting to grab a bit to eat anyway.My first experience was very good, which was right after they opened.  It's been a while since I have been, so decided to visit again.  Very disappointed.  My wife and I each had a burger, fries and started with smoked wings.  Wings had good flavor, but were dry (overcooked).  The burgers were very disappointing.  I do not recall if they have always used two small frozen patties, which I do not like.  I would rather a full patty instead of two small kid burgers stacked together.  We asked about a few items that were on the menu but were no longer listed.  The server said, the owners took a lot of the good items off and several guests were not happy about it.  I get it, menus are always evolving, so I can live with that, but at least serve a quality product.  Side note, the place was empty during peak meal time!Ordered a single burger with no sides (as the burger was more expensive than you would find from other restaurants). Had it delivered by Waitr almost immediately. The burger looked like it should be quite tasty but when I bit into it, it was GROSSLY undercooked. I'm not a picky eater by any means. I will quite literally eat anything... but midway through nibbling around the edges I felt my stomach churning had to toss it. Definitely not the medium-well I asked for.Beautiful on the inside. Food is good but not worth the price being charged. Beer is over priced and bartenders can be a bit snippy at times.Wings were awful. Over cooked. Dry. May be due to the fact that this was a delivery order. Burgers were just ok. Double patties undesirable. Somewhat tasteless. Third time we've tried. Yet to be impressed.Went to three b's when it first opened and the service was so horrible, the food was incorrect and the check had to be comped entirely, as did many patrons checks around us. Trying it again this evening I was disappointed to see that the service was not much better. It was almost as though the servers made an effort to provide a horrible experience. It's nice to be greeted in under ten minutes, it's also helpful to write down what customers would like, it saves the time of the server having to go back multiple times to ask what you'd like. Additionally,  several times when we would make direct eye contact with staff, motioning toward an empty glass and they would walk away! The food is not bad however the service is so horrible that I don't think it's worth coming back to try again. I suspect the only reason that it has average reviews is that there are so many friends of owners to support the place, unfortunately the staff doesn't feel the same.First time. Great customer service. My salad was delicious and my brother liked his burger. No complaintsThis place was great!!! Our waiter "T" was incredible!! Food was fantastic and the management was on point!! If you're in New Orleans definitely come to this place!!!Had an appointment nearby at Equest Farm. Three B's was able to get us our food quickly.I went not long after this place 1st opened and again a few months ago both times had a good experience. My experience 2 nights ago was just disappointing. The waitress took our order and brought our drinks then we never saw her again. Someone else ran the food and dropped our wings off followed almost immediately by our burgers, didn't even have time to eat the appetizer and enjoy the dining experience. The wings were ok, got buffalo but they were not spicy at all. We both got the Three B burger. It was terrible. I don't remember it coming with 2 patties but they were not good at all, didn't taste fresh and were down right nasty. The top of our buns were soaking wet, I took one bite and couldn't eat any more. The pickles weren't even pickled, just tasted like raw cucumber. The waitress never came back so I couldn't even give the restaurant the opportunity to fix it. I had to flag her down to get the bill, I was so irritated that I paid and left. Major waste of money. I don't mind paying for good food and drinks but between the service and the food, I will definitely not be back unless it is to just drink the Frose, that was the only good part about the meal.Burgers were delicious-service not great but overall the burgers were good enough to make me want to try it againHad a few sliders, a full size burger, and the nacho tots. The brioche buns tasted liked they'd been baked that morning! So soft! The beef patties were quality, and i really enjoyed the toppings (the bacon jam was fabulous!!!). The tots had a lot going on, but they were really delicious. Emily, our server, was quick and lovely when though she was busy. I look forward to going backThis is so sad . I have lived in the neighborhood for 18 years . I want all our local places to be good and successful . This place is terrible.  Went shortly after it opened.so disappointed Best thing On first visit the onion rings and you could get a rare burger and good wine.  So nice to have a nice glass of wine at burger place . Worst thing no mustard, no steak sauce , nothing but flavored mayo . The hamburgers buns were cold.  They had just opened so decided to give it one more chance today.  The only good food items things from our first visit had been eliminated no onion rings and no rare burgers I had Brought my own French's mustard and Pickapepper for onion rings. Will not be back ever. They have changed their  burger patties only well done or extremely well done . The ground meat is obviously not fresh but precooked and heated up and you get two of the nasty things on your burger. They do have good old French's mustard now,  but the burgers are obviously precooked and reheated ground meat. No onion rings. Everything cooked is frozen like the  fries and the tator tots and burger patties  . The beer pretzel is new and is a greasy undercooked dough thing served with ? Horseradish sauce. I ordered Cobb salad since I won't eat a well done burger, salad came with ranch!!! Instead of  vinegrette .   With sliced frozen chicken breast! I'm so sorry because I want our local places to be successful. It appears everything they serve is reheated restaurant supply food. The servers are very nice , but they are serving concession stand food. This place may make it because 20 and 30 somethings are not as particular and the wine and beer  selection is nice but the food is awful. Especially it's a burger bar and the burgers are terrible.The burgers are wonderful!! The combination of flavors in each burger has your taste buds popping!! The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The GM, Neel is an absolute jewel. Great dining experience.