Cool new Peruvian place at Magazine st. The food overall is excellent (including Titos Lomo Saltado version which has some chimichurri)!Great dining experience!  The Mahi Mahi Ceviche was delicious and so was the Hanger Steak appetizer.  Had the duck for our entree and it was also delicious. We tried some different beers from Peru too. All very good. The staff was friendly and helpful with menu choices.great place away from the madness of the French quarter. Happy hour oysters $1 had a unique topping and were delicious. Octopus was fabulous but the crunchy potatoes served with them were incredible.  Highly recommendedAwesome pisco spurs. I felt like I was back in cusco. Made with pisco 100. For all those novices pisco is a liqueur made from grapes.This place is so great. Seriously one of the best restaurants in New Orleans! Oh my lord. I have gone here twice in the last week. I just can't stay away. I literally have dreams about the ceviche. I will keep coming back until I try it all.
The octopus, the steak, the ceviche, the drinks, the sigh of Lima dessert, the potatoes, oh my!
The duck confit was also great, but I wouldn't recommend unless you want to fall into a deep food coma. 
Great service, atmosphere, and prices. Truly impeccable. 
I'd give six stars if I could.
Keep up the great work!This place is amazing! We tried all the ceviche and they were to die for. The combination of the flavors were so tastey! I was so impressed, we will definitely go here again!Absolute gem!!! We're here for a week and this has been the best place I've eaten!! The menu didn't disappoint. Each family member ordered different items and we cleaned every plate. Luke was an awesome waiter and good conversation! Thank you soo muchMy friend and I loved our Peruvian experience at lunch here.  I had the Tiradito Nikkei appetizer and the delicious Arroz con Merisco entree which next time I will split with someone.  I had what they call  "Sigh of Lima" for dessert and their good Peruvian coffee. Think I will go again sometime just for 
tapas and drinks in the afternoon.Tito's just opened a few days ago and it was written up in an article.  We had no idea it was opening and we were excited about Peruvian food in the neighborhood!!  So, we decided to try it the very night we saw the article, Tuesday night of this week.  I always expect to fine the service and/or the fare a little rough around the edges in the first week but nonetheless, I like to try a new place as soon as I can.  We were lucky as the place was full and we were able to get what seemed to be the last table at 7:00 PM for four!
There was NOTHING rough about Tito's.  The drinks were absolutely fabulous and although I only knew Pisco in a sour before my visit, I have come to realize that Pisco is really versatile and the drink menu here is really creative!!!
The food, the food, the food!  We tried appetizers and entrees from all areas of the menu!  The highlights for me were the Himachi appetizer, the Chaufa de Mariscos and the Lomo Saltado (tenderloin tips).  All the food was absolutely perfectly cooked and honestly I found some flavors I had never had.  The lightly fried crispy seafood and the octopus appetizer were similarly wonderful.  What was also notable was the fact that the food and overall dining experience felt like we were at a place that had been open for a very long time and most certainly not the second day.  I would have expected more hiccups from a new place opened for three months than we got at Tito's on their second day.  Kudos!
The service was fantastic and the waiters already knew the menu and guided us very well!  Our waiter was right on the spot without being overbearing which was great!  At the end of dinner (and after the best Flan I have had in ages), Chef Juan stopped by to thank us after ensuring we enjoyed our experience.  Juan was very gracious genuinely wanted to ensure we liked all we had.
We will absolutely be back for another meal and welcome the wonderful and creative Peruvian food to the neighborhood!!!  Particularly at what I felt was a really reasonable price overall!!!  Please stop in and see them!This is food excellence. From the service, ambience and all of the amazing plates. Nikkei is so delicious I highly recommend this appetite to start. The lomo saltado is perfect with each bite. All of the desserts we tried were too damn yummy! Luke and the owner are super friendly and hospitable. This was a great find tonight and did not disappoint! Amazing. Food coma.The environment is delicate, romantic, peaceful and overall harmonious. This is a the best taste and looking ceviche. Every plate shows how welled it was crafted, every plate shows how much work and thought was dedicated and individually prepared. This restaurant is clean, and the owners take so much pride on their business they come up to every table to make sure all clients are pleased.Walking through the area and stumbled upon this little gem. The outside seating looked so inviting so we had to stop. Simply delicious food with excellent, friendly staff.What a lovely oasis on Magazine Street. We chanced upon Happy Hour and the food was so well-executed that my kids even liked the veal heart skewers and raw oysters. Super friendly service, too!There is no star for Tito's.  I hated the food.  expressed that to one of the  servers.  He had no response at my comments about the appetizer.  Just fine I pushed it away and he finally took it away.  Enter the female bartender who looks like she has been on days of a cocaine/alcohol binge.  I am watching to videos of Peru as I await the main course hoping of something edible.  I say to her I didn't realize how beautiful Peru is.  She says to me "well some of it is but most of it is poverty stricken".   And I am like "Gee I didn't know that.  What a shame."  of course I know that.  So as I awaited the second course of a horrible dinner I decided I will not try to be nice or socially to this female bartender.  Still trying to salvage my experience the male bartender says something that brought up another restaurant I said I don't like the fried egg pizza and what a weird thing it is.  The female bartender standing next to him says to him that I am wrong.  AT that point I asked for my check, paid it and have to say I have dined all over the world and that is the worst place I have ever been.
Food and service -0.Friend was in town and decided to give this new restaurant a try. Pisco drink is so good! The ceviche is to die for and that grilled octopus is like heaven. The flank steak dish is delicious but the lamb shank is on the dry side (not their best dish). This is a cozy little place and it does feel a little uncomfortable when it's packed but that's the atmosphere!Went to Tito's with my cousin for a late lunch and were pleasantly surprised and content with the two different Ceviches we ordered along with the Rice with Shrimp and the Hanger Steak. Everything was delicious and so were the Pisco Sours. We'll be back!Superbly done....every dish we have tried is excellent...it's the fourth time and I keep being surprised.
No need to go on with details of the finger licking of the huancaína sauce...or how we have to stay a couple of hours so we can eat all in the table...is just greatWent there to celebrate my brother in laws birthday and it did not disappoint. Service was great, food was delicious, and the drinks were flowing. The restaurant itself is so quaint and has a nice ambience. Parking can be tricky but that just comes with being in the city. I can't wait to come back with my dog and sit at one of their outdoor tables now that the temperature is cooling down.Atmosphere and outdoor seating is nice. Service was great. The quality of food was ok. I've had better peruvian food at other restaurants. Prices are high for amount abd quality of food you receive.This has probably become my very favorite restaurant in Nola! Where do I begin?! First off the lunch menu is great!!! Reasonably priced! The dinner menu is delicious! They have the best ceviche in the city, and that duck with the Cilantro rice!! Omg! The best I've ever had! The outdoor eating area is super cute too. Every time I go the Chef comes out and greets me! I love this place..Juan's and Tatiana's Cozy, Hip, Cool and Chic'  Restaurant is a Hit!!!  The Ambience is inviting and comfortable both inside dining and breezy Patio dining!  The Staff are informative and attentive!  The Food and Cocktails are over-the-top in Presentation, Quality and Flavor!  Tit's Ceviche & Pisco is a Smash Hit and now one of My Friends and Family Favorite!  Congratulation Juan and Tatiana!!!Second time back. Tuna ceviche amazing but think I like fish better.  Potatoes appetizer well worth the money. Crabmeat salad was tasty and would get again. Bf liked the beef tips a lot.We came here chasing Carmo's Peruvian ceviche and this place was AMAZING. We had four plates of ceviche and a bottle of wine-scallop, carillo, and limo. SO GOOD. The service was fantastic and ambiance top notch. As a local, I am so happy we discovered this place!We had a wonderful meal here. Ordered a few different ceviches, a potatoes dish (papa la huancaina), and shared a few entrees and shared everything among the 4 of us. The lamb (seco de cordero) was incredible and fell right off the bone. Tenderloin tips (lomo saltado) were equally tender and delicious. Duck confit (arroz con pato) with cilantro rice was flavorful and mouthwatering. The restaurant is cozy and romantic and perfect for an intimate meal. You can also sit outside under a string of lights although it is next to the driveway so I personally preferred the inside. But we saw lots of people sitting outside. There's also a hidden parking lot in the back that is somewhat narrow so may not work for large vehicles but we had no trouble navigating with a Honda CRV. Highly recommend and can't wait to go back!My partner and I came here last night to celebrate our anniversary and could not have picked a better place to do so. The ambiance is charming and simple yet stylish. We chose to sit outside amidst the romantic greenery covered walls.  Our server was impeccable, he was knowledgeable, spent just enough time at the table, had a lovely smile, and his suggestions definitely aided in how much we enjoyed our experience there. THE FOOD WAS THE BOMB YALL.  We had the golden potatoes as an appetizer, get them. We both tried their ceviche and I was dancing in my chair with every bite. We'd never had Pisco so we ordered the blueberry and thyme cocktail along with a classic pisco cocktail. They were gone quickly and we had to try the house infused Pisco by itself. We chose the pineapple and smoked wood chips infused Pisco and it was delicious! It was sweet and mildly Smokey with a delicate burn at the end, get that too. We ended our dinner with the chocolate torte and as you can probably guess...it was so good I want to put explicit langue in here. Anyway, do yourself a favor and go.If you've ever had Peruvian food before you won't be disappointed. They also have their own unique spin on flavors while staying traditional where it matters. If you haven't had Peruvian food before you owe it to yourself to try it. It's freaking delicious.Only three weeks since opening and this place was happening.  We got great food, drinks and service.  Being so new, I expected there to be many more hiccups.  None to mention.  Then we walked three blocks to Le Bon Temps, where we fist met, to finish our date night out with a nightcap and some pool.  Perfect date night!Literally the best. Good date night venue. This restaurant takes your palate on a Peruvian excursion.I always pass this place walking from the gym. I didn't really have any exposure to Peruvian food, I thought I may try it finally. I stumbled in alone, still kind of shaky from my workout and awkward due to not being used to eating out alone. The people working there were so, so friendly and sweet and interested in getting to know me. They were very attentive but not overwhelming and very helpful with explaining things from the menu as well as introducing new foods to me. The food was absolutely delicious and came quickly. The cocktail I had was so refreshing. Easily a new favorite restaurant of mine, somewhere I will be sure to tell everyone to visitThis restaurant is the real deal. We came in on a busy friday night and were planning on getting a table but with no reservation we decided not to wait and just eat at the bar. We had an amazing tuna ceviche, the causa cangrejo, the octopus anticuchero and the veal hearts. All of which were delicious. The ceviche was probably my favorite...super fresh fish and the flavors were delicious and my husband looooved the veal hearts. The corn that they send out with the sauce before the meals was awesome!!! We didnt order entrees because we wanted to try a bunch of small things on our first visit. Our bartender, Lindsay, was super accommodating. My husband and I were both impressed with how busy she was and yet still able to give us excellent service. I had the cucumber cocktail and a pisco sour and in pretty sure it's one of the best cocktails I've ever had. My husband got the spicy cocktail and a thyme based drink for dessert that wasn't on the menu and he said the same thing! The cocktails are AMAZING!!!! the food is AMAZING!  We will definitely be back!!!Wow this place blew us away! I'm not sure what we expected but this place exceeded all expectations.  The corn kernels snack was so unique and the ceviche was exceptional, just a little sharp as you'd expect a ceviche to be with amazing depth and complexity that was surprising, the hanger steak appetizer was perfect!  
The duck confit was one of my wife's favorites in NOLA and I had a locally sourced pork belly over greens that was fantastic.  Wait staff was attentive and extremely well informed on the menu.  Lastly management was present and working the room in a friendly, efficient mannerCame here last night for my birthday to have dinner with my husband. It was very nice walking in and quick to be seated. We had a reservation but we got there early. Vibe was very mellow with Spanish music playing throughout the night. Only thing we didn't like was there was no salt and pepper for us on the table. A touch of salt and pepper may have turned up my rice dish a little bit. Other than that I loved our waiter. He gave us very great suggestions for dinner and ceviches.Amazing all around! I came here for lunch a month ago and have only come back time and time again, it was a truly special discovery and I'm happy New Orleans now has a place like this. The food is beyond fresh and incredibly well made, the chef is a champion and sweet man, and the staff comes at you with nothing short of good vibes and warmth each time. I would recommend this to anyone considering popping in!Came for happy hour and ended up eating the entire happy hour menu. The food was so fresh and different, definitely all new tastes! I think the salmon traditio and antichuchos de pollo were my favorite. Drinks were great and the staff was friendly and very helpful. Highly recommend and can't wait to come back for dinner and lunch!Delicious ceviche and salad. Need to come back because there was a lot that looks so good. And of course I need to try each of the city cheese! I had the gulf fish one today.This is probably my favorite ceviche in town. In fact, I'm not sure there is another ceviche option in NOLA. Super fresh fish, very attentive and helpful service, quick turnaround on dishes, nice wine, nice courtyard. The octopus based dishes are yum yum yum.Welcome to the neighborhood! Beautiful restaurant,  great service, food and cocktails were all amazing! Very interesting blend of Asian and Peruvian. Will definitely be back!This place is not to be missed! Amazing fusion of Peruvian and Japanese cuisine.  A must try is the Ceviche Nikkie. 
Our server "Olivia" was super helpful and her suggestions were a hit.We were really pleased with our experience here.  The service was outstanding.  Very knowledgeable, proactive, informative, and attentive.  We ordered Pisco Sours, Cucumber Mules, and Malbecs, all of which were meticulously crafted and/or of top quality.  Two orders of the freshest ceviche(scallop and tuna), the lamb shank, and the crispy seafood assortment were all delicious. The desserts were also impeccable and unique.  Passion fruit tres leches was my personal favorite.  Definitely a welcomed addition to the finer dining scene on Magazine.  Can't wait to go back.We were very excited to try out this new restaurant and it did not disappoint. The happy hour special featured pisco sours and oysters. We opted for pisco sours and they were refreshing and strong.  Like a margarita, but less acidic. We ordered the few things from the starters. Ceviche Nikkei, which was yellowfin tuna, nori, avocado and cucumber, was light and flavorful. Similar to a poke salad but with a citrus dressing. Causa de Pulpo was served Napoleon style with layers of avocado, cooked octopus and smashed potatoes. It was mild in flavor and pale in comparison to the other dishes we tried.  The hanger steak took best in show. Tender and juicy and marinated with just the right amount of spice. I wish we could order this dish was a main course. Lastly, the Jalea Real de Mariscos was a nice alternative to a fried seafood platter. The seafood included shrimp, calamari, and fish filets. The fish was so fresh and delicious! It came with yucca fries, a spicy aioli and marinated onions.  The meal was moderate to expensive in price, but worth it. We weren't served the amuse bouche like the patrons which was disappointing. Would have loved to try it. Overall, strong four out of five stars.Incredible authentic Peruvian food, pretty nice restaurant! Service is excellent. I recommend the Lomo saltado and the Ceviche .We came to Tito's for a friend's birthday dinner. We sat in one of the booths (LOVED this particular seating arrangement). While the food was good, it didn't knock my socks off. Which, to be honest, is what I'm looking for in this city. The restaurant is on the smaller side, so make sure you have reservations on weekends. We went on a Wednesday evening and it was still crowded, so I was happy we made reservations. The entrees were okay, but the small plates/starters were my favorite. As the name would indicate, seafood is the most prevalent ingredient on the menu. The service was good and the atmosphere was nice. The drinks were also amazing - I had a lychee drink of sorts and it was up there with my favorite lychee drinks. I was disappointed by the dessert - it wasn't that great at all - and we ordered three different ones for the table. I'd skip the dessert and go elsewhere if that's something you want to finish your meal. I'd give it another shot, and stick to mostly ceviche and starters, with a couple drinks.I saw this driving by and love a good pisco sour and ceviche, so we decided to give it a go and this is a decision I do NOT regret! Best pisco sour I have had since being in South America!! The ceviche was fresh and delicious, octopus was tender and grilled perfectly, and everything was great! They haven't been open long but I wanted to make sure if you haven't gone to try this place, definitely do! Servers and staff were fantastic and I would love to come back one day!About this restaurant was my first time, and for me mean something new to try and Peru  meal are full of flavor, is tasty and very good, so if I have the chance again to go there I will be happy to do it.It was my first time eating Peruvian food, they have great combinations of flavors, fresh ingredients with much attention to detail in each dish. Will recommend this place to my friends and family.The food was amazing!!! We sat at the bar and the bartender, Toure, was such a cool guy. Made our first experience even better!!!! Can't wait to go back!!!Excellent selection of pisco drinks and ceviche. We had a salmon ceviche and while the portion was limited, the favor was sweet and rich with a peruvian spice that complements the fish perfectly. The pulpo was grilled to perfection: tender and again spiced in a wonderful complex sauce and accompanied by potatoes in a very nice portion. We came on May 5 and enjoyed a great special Mole sauce in honor of the mexican holiday. Duck was tender and flavorful. Service was friendly and impeccable.Straight up best food I have had in New Orleans. The pisco sours are delectable. We tried the Gazpacho (the soup of the day) which was laden with shrimp, the Nikkei Tiradito, the Arroz con Mariscos, and a chicken dish that I am blanking on the name but it included potato chips, beans, and rice. Everything was amazing and if I return to this city I will be returning to Titos!Tito's is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans! When you visit this place, it is a lot like visiting family. The service and atmosphere are warm and inviting, and the food is absolutely delicious. My favorite appetizer is the Nikkei Tiradito, which is pretty much tuna sashimi but with an amazing sauce, like a ponzu, already over it. Oh, and those delicious roasted corn nuts they bring out to the table!! So good!
You really can't go wrong with any of the appetizers. Of course the ceviches are all top notch. I enjoy the causa lots and lots, and you can request it vegetarian style instead of with the crab if you have shellfish allergies or just don't care for it. The 
I've had almost all of the entrees and the two that I always end up with are the Tacu Tacu and the linguine. That canary island bean cake the tacu tacu is served with makes my mouth water just thinking about it. It's beans & rice mixed together and then fried crispy on the outside with yet another amazing sauce over it, and just the right portion of beef tips. These people know their sauces, yall. The basil sauce on the linguine dish just makes all my happy senses fire at the same time. This pasta dish is also plated with a perfect portion of tender, expertly cooked beef. 
Don't forget to order a pisco cocktail while you're there! The pisco cocktail program is outstanding. I'm sure you can get an old fashioned or martini if you want, but seriously, skip your usual cocktail of choice and try the pisco. (There's also a nice wine selection for people who enjoy wine over spirits.)A beautiful place with fabulous food.   Nice change of pace if you haven't been here.   Don't let the white tablecloths fool you, this place isn't some overpriced spot, rather its a delite.
    We had two different ceviche.   One was an ahi tuna with an asian influence, cause face it, Back in the day cultures intermingled.    The other was a mixture of fish and shrimp.    Scrumptious.    From there we had fancy dranks, and later we got into peruvian beers.   I had flank steak with a basil and pecan sauce with linguine which was to die for.    We also had the veal hearts with brabant potatoes which were also to die for.    My friends had the seafood plate with rice and beyond, and another had fried seafood.   There wasn't anything on this menu that we ordered that wasn't a surprize.   They even have sushi.    If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting on?     I look forward to dining outside when the temperatures go up a bit.    What a great spot.     Cheers.Tito's oh Tito's oh how I love thee. The food here is scrumptious. The cuisine is Peruvian with an Asian fusion.  They create their own Pisco and ferment them in different fruit. I think I tried a shot of the grape which was strong, and smooth. 
We appetizers on the ceviche which was so freaking good. For my platos Del Mar I selected the Pescado a lo Macho was absolutely amazing!  Everything was so all of the ingredients were fresh, the flavors paired so well. 
The ambiance is quaint we chose to sit outside because the weather was nice but after sipping the Pisco I got a little hot, and they had huge outdoor fans which are appropriate for Nola weather. 
I will be returning to Titos and I recommend everyone try it at least once.Found this place on accident while driving down Magazine and I'm so glad i did! The food is delicious and there's $6 piscos during happy hour. You have to have the octopus and potatoes. Good for small and large groups!First time visiting this pretty place when I went to dinner with a friend last Thursday. 
Let me start with the highlights, which were abundant. The location is lovely. The ivy building was in need of a great restaurant to add some liveliness to this gorgeous part of magazine street. The space inside is intimate, but doesn't feel too cramped, and whoever did the interior design was smart because it wasn't loud in there at all. 
My waiter was great. Friendly, attentive, and for a brand new restaurant nothing was "missing" from the menu nor late to the table. He recommended a specific pico cocktail to me to suit my tastes and I loved it (ordered two hehe). 
I ordered the tuna and avocado ceviche. WOW. it was incredible. Highlight of the meal. Bit more Asian flavored than traditional ceviche, but I honestly preferred it (less vinegar).
The second part of the meal was the mouth watering beef tenderloin tips. Served traditional Peruvian style I thought it was grade A. Meat was not over cooked, flavor was perfectly balanced, and I appreciated my server stating that this wasn't a spicy dish like some others on the menu, but that I could've had it spicy if I wanted. I usually prefer spicy, but I wanted to let the flavor of the meat shine and I'm glad I did. 
The only reason I'm not giving Tito's 5 stars is because the octopus appetizer I ordered was sadly overcooked. Although it was obviously supposed to be "charred," it crossed that fine line and was burned. Not a big deal, I just love octopus and hopefully next time I order it it will be perfect. It's an understandably difficult dish to master in the first few weeks of service. 
Final pro: the restaurant was super packed which is fun. Although we had some restaurant closures in Nola this summer, it's clear they're being replaced with better substitutes and Tito's is a shining example.The BEST ceviche, we had yellowfin and the shrimp, both in different sauces that were to die for!  Had the papas a La Huancaina and it was divine along with the causa congrejo (crab)... ohh la la.  The ensalada verde was the best salad I've had in so long, must have been the dressing.  Everything we had to superb, but the creme de la creme were the cucumber mules.  It was all so good, I brought my friends back the next day to experience it and it was just as good as the previous day.  And the prices are reasonable and the staff extremely friendly and efficient.  Go there now!!There's nothing we ordered that wasn't fabulous! Unfortunately the flan is out of stock the day we arrived, which is a huge pity..... We visited some of the highest rated restaurants in NOLA such as GW Fins, Trenasse, Luke, Compère Lapin, and this is no doubt our favorite.Unbelievable.   Soooooo amazing.  Really glad we stayed in an Airbnb nearby and wandered over last night.  They were crazy accommodating when we showed up as a 4 top with no reservations.  Everything we had was a perfect blend of flavors and textures with awesome bevvys to top it off.  Highly highly recommend the octopus appetizer, lamb shank entre, and the tri tip linguini dish.  So so good!My initial impression of this place wasn't very good. We were sat on a Friday night, and it took more than 10 minutes to get a server to our table. Once we got a server, we ordered two cocktails, and man, does pisco make a great drink. Every single drink we ordered was delicious, so honestly you can go wrong no matter what you decide. For the appetizer we ordered the maracuya, which had a perfect combination of salmon, passionfruit, and chili. Honestly the best raw fish dish I've ever eaten in my life. Next we had the ceviche nikkei, wasn't as good as the maracuya but still phenomenal. For my entree I got the pescado a lo Macho. I loved having both fish and seafood in my dish because I have a hard time picking between the two. I love aji cream sauce. The flavors and textures of this dish really just made it so perfect. If the service hadn't been disappointed I likely would've given 5 stars. I'll definitely be back to this restaurant and will update my rating if the service is better.The blueberry sage drink is delicious.   The ceviche Nikkei is wonderful.   Cannot complain about the staff.  They have been great in true NOLA styleOne of the unsung hero restaurants in New Orleans. Great food incredible atmosphere and wonderful outdoor area. I came one night and ate at the bar and I would recommend doing that.Great Antrees, main course and desserts! Ashley is a great host. Everything so clean, fresh and delicious! It's a must go..Definitely plan on repeating Tito's for more Peruvian fare and a chance at redemption. Food was good but our first time was sloppy service on a platter. Our server was nice, but overwhelmed. We encountered hiccups of a newly opened restaurant...first week of opening.  Price you pay for being avant-garde foodies, I guess. Some examples: alcohol in a non-alcoholic beverage, waiting on silverware while food was getting cold and others were eating, and drinks coming late missing the intended pairing. I can name only one thing unforgivable: inadequate water supply. What if I were choking? 
The neighborhood needed something different and Tito's can fill that gap with its Peruvian menu. We were a group of four and we shared 4 starters and 2 different entrees, as well as dessert. Menu definitely caters to fish and meat lovers alike. 
Our orders:
-Ceviche nikkei - yellowfin tuna goodness that was so refreshing in NOLA summer weather; perfectly citrusy without the fish being mushy. 
-Anticuchos de corazon - veal hearts, initially daring, but not as much when we had it. It was like any meat dish with chimichuri sauce served via skewer, if you're easily impressed. Dish was fair. 
-Causa de cangrejo - the server had me at potatoes; surprised me that it was served chilled, but it is LA crab meat, so preparation was plausible 
-Yuca fries - offered as a side, but I ordered as an appetizer. Comes with yummy aioli. Will repeat again and again.
-Entree shared with Chris B: tallarines verdes con bistek, aka linguine with bomb.com hanger steak
-Our friends got a meat and rice dish, not sure which, I had a bite and I could easily order that next time, too. 
-Finally, we concluded with their cheesecake, it was flan-ish in texture. Not sure what I ate exactly but it was great flavor. They were out of coffee when I ordered.  Not having any coffee after dessert is close to a cardinal sin in Spanish culture. Tsk tsk. 
For our server's shortcomings, she deserves credit for taking the time explaining everything on the menu to us, sometimes more than once. 
Will be visiting again. Please have coffee.What isn't there to LOVEEEEE about this place!?!!!!
The food the drinks the atmosphere are all incredible!!! And the owners are the most wonderfully humble hardworking two people you will ever meet!! Thanks Juan and Tati for always making the most incredible EVERYTHING! And bless Peru for Pisco!!!My girlfriend and I were super excited to try out Tito's, had been craving ceviche and had never been to a higher end Peruvian restaurant. First and foremost, reservation is a must, little to no chance of getting seated without one. 
The atmosphere was really pleasant, the staff was super nice and helpful and attentive. 
The ceviche Nikkei was absolutely delicious, a must have. 
We look forward to coming back! Sorry for not having pictures but we couldn't help ourselves.Everything we got was amazing. We started off with the ceviche, which was super tasty. Then we had the Pescado a lo Macho, a wonderful creamy fish and other seafood dish. We topped it all off with some Jucuma Ice Cream. I'm looking forward to our next visit.Tito's is such a cute little restaurant!
Upon my arrival, I was first to arrive (from a party of 4) and let them know there were reservations made. I was seated right away although the rest of my party had not made it yet. Thanks! Got a head start on a cocktail. Haha.
Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He brought us out complimentary nuts. Casually ate them while we waited for our food. We ordered the grilled octopus, bistec, nikkei ceviche, salmon appetizer, and arroz con marisco. Everything was delicious! My favorites were the salmon and bistec. The sauce that was mix with the green pasta that accompanies the steak was on point. 
Not realizing how fast the time passed, we ended staying there until it was closing time. We apologized for being the only table left and staying so late but the workers were all nice and didn't give us any trouble. Sorry again, guys!
My experience was lovely. Please give this place a try especially if you're feeling exotic..perhaps Peruvian!My pregnant stomach can only handle super fresh food, and this was amazing and super fresh to say the least.i got the corn bisque and the salad with avocado dressing. The soup has chili oil in it and it's to die for. The salad was wonderfully salt and crunchy. The mix of savory and spicy I was looking for!
Also there is like this giant corn stuff in the bisque and it amazeballs. Thank you for reading!
EDIT: Got dessert. Fantastic.Tito's Ceviche & Pisco was highly recommended to me by a couple of my friends, so i was very determined to swing by and have a couple dishes to try! And now, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PERUVIAN GEM to all of my friends! 
Their portions of main entrees were very huge!  Definitely recommend sharing between at least two individuals! I had the arroz con mariscos and (so sorry i cannot remember the name) a dish that had verde pasta with hanger steak! The pasta was extremely creamy and the hanger steak was so flavored and juicy; they complimented each other very well! The arroz was like comfort food, and was heavily portioned with various types of seafood: scallops, shrimps, etc. you name it! I shared with my partner and we still came home with leftovers (not complaining)! It is my goal by the end of this year to come back and try everything on their menu!I don't usually write reviews but dammnnn there foood is good as FUCKKKKKKK.....the duck is to die for and Lomo SaltadoTito's is one of my all-time favorite restaurants- after living in NOLA for four years and trying tons of spots I can still say that this place is one of the best. Incredibly fresh and delicious ceviche and sashimi dishes, PHENOMENAL crunchy papas bravas, amazing hanger steak skewers and octopus skewers, wonderful fish dishes, delicious quinoa salad - you can't go wrong with any of it. Very moderately priced and lovely homey ambiance- owners are so incredibly sweet. Can't rave enough about it!!I enjoyed Tito's a lot, but I find the pricing a bit too high. I think Magazine is just getting too expensive for me in general.
I do love me some Peruvian food though, so high chances I'll be back.
The ceviche, causa, and pisco sour were very good. I had the duck and it was enjoyable but I found the cilantro rice it was served with too salty. All the main dishes that my dining companions ordered looked good but from what I tasted, it looks like the apps are way superior to the mains. 
I may need to stick to visiting Tito's for drinks and appetizers so I get the things I enjoy the most and don't break the bank.Wow! Go to this place now! What started off with a minor snafu with our 4-top reservation ended in one of the best meals we've had in the neighborhood in quite a while. We did not have one bad dish, or drink for that matter. The pisco sours were perfectly made and refreshing. We had the Ceviche Barrio, Ceviche Nekkei, Tiradito Classico, the Hangar steak and octopus skewers, the crab appetizer, and the papas. On a recommendation from our amazing and attentive waitress, we ordered the mixed seafood fried rice and the side of beans. I honestly can't even rank the dishes because they were all equally delicious. Toward the end of our meal, the chef/owner stopped by our table to personally address the reservation issue - which was entirely unnecessary but very kind. The food and service both get an A++! We will definitely be back - a bunch.Excellent restaurant and differentiates from the way too many creole style fare of most restaurants in New Orleans.  Owner Chef very hospitable and true to the superb flavors of famous Peruvian dishes.By far one of my all time favorite Peruvian restaurants.  The entire experience was excellent.  
We share four plates and it was one hit after another.  The combinations of flavors worked incredibly well.  
Our wait staff was very helpful and provided good guidance on our dishes.  We will be looking forward to our next visit.  
We had the yellowtail ceviche that was a great balance of lime, fresh fish and onions. We had the crab appetizer that was a nice contradiction to the other dishes. We tried the Anticuchos de Res and found this to be a favorite.  A great balance of meat and potatoes.  
Lastly we split the limo saltado.  A close second to the Anticuchos.Four of us. Started with ceviches, mine was awl Limeño or seafood, very good;others order the octopus, lobster they were very good. We had the  Pisco drinks, maracuya, coconut, they were good. Entres we had lamshank, fish, lobster. They were good. Needless to say our bill was $300 plus tip.Toda la comida espectacular y la atención excelente ,gracias a Gabriela por su atencionTito's is a culinary experience. It is like taking a food excursion to Peru. 
The place is cozy and warm. The staff is pleasant and helpful. 
All four of us enjoyed the Pisco... a Peruvian brandy that is made from a mix of wine. 
All the plates we ordered were flavorable and tasty. We were all impressed with the chef and the staff. 
This is a true experience and an enjoyable spot to have great food.As someone that eats out at a different restaurant 3 or 4 times a week, Tito's easily stands out in my top 3 favorite places in New Orleans as a place I will never get tired of.
The food is consistently AMAZING. I have loved everything I've tried, which might be close to the whole menu at this point. Highly recommend any of the ceviche and the grilled octopus.
The service is great, always friendly, helpful, quick but never rushed. I like to sit at the outside tables.
side note: The ONLY thing I wouldn't recommend is the "crispy" seafood plate, by crispy they mean fried, it doesn't really fit in with the rest of the Peruvian menu. There are so many better plates to choose.My wife and I found this out of the restaurant and so glad we did.  The food was amazing, we shared an order of anticuchos and lomo saltado.  Both were excellent choices.  The service was great, our servers made sure we were taken care of at all times.  It is worth the trip.Had dinner there Saturday night and found everything to be wonderful:  the cocktails, the ambiance and the food were all super.  Our waiter was great too. Such a warm and pleasant restaurant.  We will be back soon.First time having Peruvian food and it was okay. I went during lunch. I made reservations the day before for two and mention it was my boyfriend birthday on the phone and ask if they do anything special. They said either a shot of pisco or a dessert. So upon entering I said I had a reservation for Le for 2 and the man said he didnt have any reservations for me. Luckily it was an empty restaurant. I order the shrimp ceviche, chicken skewers and steak with pesto pasta. 
Shrimp ceviche- very refreshing and light. The sweet potatoes added a nice sweetness to the dish. The only con was the portion size. It's served in a small Martini glass  
Chicken skewers- the potatoes were crispy and delicious but the chicken itself was bland 
Steak and pesto pasta- the pasta was amazing. Super flavorful and delightful to eat. The sad part was the steak. It was chewy and quite under seasoned. Overall the experience was nice for my first time trying Peruvian food. Hopefully in the future the proteins will be more properly seasoned