I had the pleasure recently of having breakfast at Toast Uptown.  Toast is located on Laurel Street at the old Laurel Street bakery location.
Toast is less than a year old, and word has is definitely out on how good it is.  I knew to arrive early, or I'd have a wait in front of me.  We arrived at 9:30 and immediately found 2 seats at the bar.  The regular tables were all full, one with a party of 12 (tables pushed together).  None of the tables outside were occupied because it was still a little chilly outside.
The atmosphere at Toast is bright and cheerful, albeit small.  You're in pretty close quarters with everyone around you, but I'm fine with that.  My only complaint was that it was VERY LOUD.  They've put foam under the chairs and tables, but it didn't seem to be helping much.  Once the large party left, it got considerably better.
I find the prices at Toast to be extremely reasonable for what you get, with entrees ranging from $10-$14, and smaller side items (like toast topped with prosciutto, honey, and ricotta, or an order of ableskivers) going for $5-$8.  
For my entrée, I had the croque madame.  It was huge and delicious, and was served with a light side salad.  My BF had the hangar steak topped with tarragon aioli, served with roasted potatoes and sunny side up eggs.  His meal was also fantastic.
I was really dying to try some of the ableskivers with lemon curd dip, but their portions are huge and there was just no way.  
By the time we left 45 minutes later, there were 15 people outside waiting, and all outside tables were full.
I highly recommend Toast, but you might want to go before 10 if you don't want to wait.This is a great breakfast spot. The service was great and the food was delicious. The portion sizes were more than enough with reasonable prices. Trying the aebleskivers is a must while you are here!!Absolutely love toast! The food is excellent and reasonable. The wait staff is awesome! Definitely one of my favorite breakfast places in the Uptown area. 
Get there early to get a spot as seating is limitedThis was my first time visiting here. It was worth the wait.  Be ready to wait but believe me you will be okay with waiting. The fresh bread made my meal delicious!! 3 of us got the same thing and the other 3 got something different and I wanted to taste their food and OMG it was all delicious!!! You can't go wrong here with the fresh ingredients!!!Super cute brunch place Uptown; I like it a lot more than Surrey's! We came at around 9am on a Sunday morning, and were lucky to have arrived just before the crowds. We ordered the abelskivers with jam, the ham and brie crepe, the mushroom omelette and the toast with lox. All the dishes were good, but my favorite was the crepe. I thought that portions would be bigger. They weren't tiny by any means, but don't expect humongous, overflowing plates. I was a little disappointed by the abelskivers since they were dry. The toast, however, was really good; the bread was chewy, which was a nice surprise since I was expecting something like the dishes at Tartine. The restaurant itself is tiny, so be prepared to awkwardly maneuver between close-set tables. Service wasn't bad, but nothing really stood out. I would recommend this place over Tartine, especially if you're seeking a traditional brunch menu.One of the best restaurants in New Orleans for breakfast. I usually get the steak melt with a coffee with caramel. Her desserts are out of this world we love the huge cinnamon buns. They are flaky and extra gooey. Last Friday I tried the omelet of the day which had caramelizad onions bacon and goat cheese. It was out of this world!We found this place thanks to Yelp, what a little gem! Toast with prosciutto and honey was tasty, eggs, bacon and grits were delicious.. All prices are very reasonable and the service is very warm and friendly. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a cozy, tasty and unpretentious breakfast in the area...Mushroom onions peppers spinich goat cheese crepe. Wow this is extremely good. The staff was very friendly. Good place for breakfast.Amazing. My mother is never impressed and she declared it worthy of a second visit next time she is in town. The omelette with goat cheese was well worth the thirty minute wait. It's a small place so get there before you're starving but the line goes fast!Super friendly staff kept our coffee cups full, and the hanger steak did not disappoint! Steak was a perfect medium rare. The steak melt knocked it out of the park too. Thank you yelp for the free warm cherry walnut sconeIf you love crepes for breakfast, this is the place to visit! There are many options for those and for omelettes, also a good selection of items for kids. It is a great location since it's not in a crowded part of the city, and they have their own parking lot. Prices are affordable, coffee was good and the server was really nice. We'll definitely go back.Thanks once more to my fellow Yelpers, breakfast was killer, while vacationing with the family we decided to try something different and this place was it, man where to start, I had the steak and eggs, even the eggs were done perfect, the steak juicy and tender, the flavor out of this world, the wife had the veggie crepe, she said it was off the shelf great, the kiddos French toast, and I cannot remember the name of the puffed pancakes but my daughter loved them, so when in NOLA, you really need to check this place out. Tips: Use a GPS to get there,  get in early as parking space is EXTREMELY limited as is dining space, you will not regret it awesome food.I was very disappointed in Toast. I ordered the special omelette of the day, which was extremely runny with fake-tasting sausage. The ricotta honey prosciutto toast came out with butter on it instead of ricotta. Took me several bites to realize what was wrong, and upon telling the waitress, she neither apologized nor brought out another piece. She instead just gave me some ricotta on the side. The table I was sitting at was also DIRECTLY next to the door- a spot I would not believe anyone would enjoy. I do not desire to go back, but I can't help but admit that some other menu items do look good.This is probably my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. I love it for the location, cozy atmosphere, fresh food, and reasonable portions. I live only a few blocks away and it's a super cute restaurant. I've been a few times and have never been disappointed. There's usually a wait on the weekends, no reservations accepted. Just go and put your name on the list. On the weekdays, there's not usually a wait. They usually have specials and I'm a sucker for specials! Whenever they have the andouille crepe, I'll get it. I also had the mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, and goat cheese crepe and it's great! Their savory crepes are flavorful and not dry. The crepes themselves are very thin and soft. The croque madame is good and their quiches are delicious too. I haven't been disappointed yet! No matter what I get, I always sucker my friends into sharing the toast with avocado & egg. It is such a fresh dish, loaded with avocado, and it's not too difficult to slice the toast and split the egg in half. I find that sharing that toast and getting my own entree is a good way to go. I'm full by the end, but I don't want to kill myself. Toast is delicious, consistent, cute, and I absolutely adore this place!Toast is such a gem. The menu is small but everything is delicious. They also have great coffee. The weekend waits can get pretty crazy, they have limited seating, so it's often much easier to get seated in a small group. If you can make it on a weekday morning, you'll be seated immediately. The abelskivers are to die for. I can't say enough good things about Toast.Breakfast done perfectly....lets be clear, for me to say anything is perfect you know it has to be some pretty amazing things going on. I started with a lovely glass of bubbly ($6) and ordered the classic breakfast ($9). Toast found a way not to screw up anything. Eggs scrambled perfectly, bacon was meaty and not too crunchy, grits cooked to PERFECTION, and the fresh biscuit with the homemade strawberry jam. My hubby had the waffle BLT and he enjoyed everything on the plate. I can't really comment on it because he wouldn't even let me taste it so that must mean it was fabulous. Oh I'll one back to enjoy some additional menu items but I first had to make sure they could conquer the breakfast staple and boy oh boy did they. 5 stars is hard to get out of me but amazing service coupled with the best classic breakfast I've had in a long time equals.....if you've made it to the end of this review then just take your ass to Toast and see for yourself. If you don't like it the next glass of bubbly is on me!!I love the variety of breakfast plates they offer. Staff is always nice and the food is always on point!This has become my favorite brunch place in town! The menu is interesting and offers both healthy and comforting options depending on what you're craving! The pancakes are not your ordinary pancake - they're round circular puffs and come in a variety of flavors ! 
The staff are friendly and patience even though the place is always very busy. The food arrives quickly, hot, and never tastes like a chain. 
Highly recommend !Staggeringly good. Had the crepe with red pepper, spinach, chèvre and onion which I loved. Also avocado toast super great. Shared the aebelskivers with lemon curd which may have changed my life they were so good.
Service was fast and friendly. Overall rad placeVery nice place.  Amber the manager is my favorite.  She always makes me laugh.  Service was outstanding despite a big crowd.  Good coffee.  Excellent food.  Prices are very reasonable compared to other Uptown places.I saw this place on my feed several times & a coworker mentioned how good it was! I decided to give it a try. The food here is fresh, hot, and DELICIOUS!!! The staff is super friendly; I didn't see a scowl on one face. The wait time to get a table is kind of long and the place is pretty small, but once you are seated service is quick! The decor is industrial, and the ceiling seems to be reclaimed wood-country meets city!  We'll definitely be back!!!Food was amazing. I had a Monte Cristo sandwich and it was perfect. At the table was also breakfast tacos, steak breakfast sandwich, and cheese and chive crepes. Everyone was very happy with the food.I love toast! I have been 4 or 5 times now and it has definitely become my go to brunch spot. It's in my neighborhood, so that's a huge plus. But the food is just so good and different than your standard NOLA brunch spots. I always get the avocado toast with the egg on top. It's simple but oh so delicious. The staff is friendly and they seem happy to be there. The abelskivers are amazing and fun. It's also, a great place to sit outside on a nice day. I will be back many many times.
Note: if you are looking for a boozy brunch spot---this is not the place.Awesome place. First time here and we (my son and I) were sold. Nice ambience, friendly waitstaff and lots of teamwork. I ordered the goat cheese, spinach, ratatouille omelette and it was fluffy and tasty. I'm gluten I tolerant so I ordered sourdough toast - blew me away - a Texas toast type that had been grilled to perfection! Then the strawberry jam put it over the top. My son said his grits were heaven and the biscuit was now his new fav. Overall great breakfast! Highly recommend.Today we visited . Overall the service was wonderful our food was delivered quickly. We ordered several items we weren't disappointed. Absolutely Awesome . It's my new favorite breakfast joint .Aebleskivers...amazing. You only need 1-2 though, so get the kid's size for $5! The crepe batter is light and soft--got the mushroom/goat cheese one. Short walk from Magazine :-). A little tourisy, hence I was there..but still mostly locals I think. Glad I stopped by on my last day!YUM! The muffins are amazing. Also everything everyone got was amazing. Super great food, I would definitely come here again.So yummy! We didn't expect much based on how tiny the place is, but it was so good, we came back one more time during our trip!Every bit as good as Tartine (their parent cafe), but more accessible. Tartine always feels like a hidden treasure, which can be good if you're digging a tiny neighborhood hyper-uptown feel, but sometimes I'm too lazy to drive there. The wait was about 40 minutes, which should mean a star is detracted, but can't fault them for popularity.  
The steak and eggs were fantastic:  medium-rare slices of juicy perfection coated with the lightest french herb sauce. However, I'm not sure why they only have two preparations of eggs:  over easy or scrambled. I'm sure this is to maximize organization in the kitchen, and as it happens these are my two favorite preparations, but it doesn't seem fair to folks who would prefer a different style. 
The Abbelskivers with lemon curd sauce: fluffy pillows, light and subtly sweet, a nice departure from a typically weighed-down, heavy pancake experience. The sauce was refreshingly tangy, without any of the weird corn-starch flavor lemon curd has when you get it out of the jar.
The prosciutto ricotta toast with honey: I liked the unexpected preparation. Soft multigrain toast a top a sea of honey, mild ricotta, and more prosciutto than should be humanly possible piled on. I couldn't tell if all that salted meat (dirty jokes aside) was overwhelming the rest of the flavors or if it was perfect!
Young and friendly servers. A simple menu full of high quality ingredients and preparations staying true to its french/euro cafe roots. This one's a keeper.Came to this place on my second day in NOLA and it was hundred times better than those overrated brunch places in the French quarter. We were told to expect a 45min wait but it only took 5min. Food was amazing, the salmon toast was both our fav. Price & service were prefect too. Def recommend!This place has great service and great food at very reasonable prices!
We came here looking for something a little lighter after a weekend of eating heavy food. I got a veggie omelet with a greens salad and my boyfriend ordered a savory crepe. The food was excellent and the portions were huge. It also came out extremely quickly which was appreciated.
This is my new favorite New Orleans brunch place and I'll definitely be back! It's kind of small so I imagine it gets pretty busy on weekends, but I think it would be worth the wait.Popped in here for brunch on a Saturday. It's definitely "in a local neighborhood" with a great vibe. Great brunch menu with rotating specials. We ordered the crowd favorite- the Abelskivers w/ lemon curd, the house made rabbit sausage & grits with poached eggs, the hanger steak and finally two cheddar cheese biscuits for good measure. I like be to over order:) 
Everything was delis! Fresh and homemade and the grits were the best I've ever had. A bold statement because I've had my share of grits. 
We will be back. Tomorrow in fact.I took my wife and three girls to eat there on Sunday for brunch.  After waiting for a table for over 45 mins, we finally were able to sit outside but couldn't order anything because we were told there was no clean silverware in the restaurant.  We finally were able to order and finished our meal within the hour. My wife was getting the kids in the car and overheard our waitress, Sam, tell another employee,"I really hated that table, but at least they left me a $15 tip."  I went back and confronted our rude waitress about her comment and after repeatedly lying to my face that she never said that comment, she finally admitted to it and apologized.  In short, the food was ok but the service was absolutely terrible and Toast is no way to start your Sunday morning.I love literally everything about this place. It is little-bitty and was packed, but we didn't have to wait since it was just the two of us. It didn't seem like any group was waiting long, though. The servers were super friendly and attentive. My husband had the quiche, I had the cheese and herb crepe with an egg, and we split 3 aebelskivers with lemon curd for me and chocolate for him. Oh my god, it was all so delicious. We will definitely be back ASAP!SO GOOD!  Luckily my friend lives in the neighborhood, so we walked here on Sunday morning for breakfast, before we hit the road to head home.  There was a slight wait upon our arrival, but it cleared up quickly and we were seated almost immediately!  I was impressed with the selections on the menu - my friend got a breakfast sandwich, I got an omelette (which was huge!), and my little guy got the toast with nutella and bananas.  Everything was served promptly and tasted wonderful!  The coffee was also delightful - nice and strong without being overpowering!  My son was a big fan of their house strawberry jam, and was disappointed that we couldn't buy a jar to take home with us, but the waitress was on top of it and went above and beyond and brought us a little container of jam that he could enjoy at home - what service!!  We can't wait for our next visit to New Orleans, this will definitely be a stop, and we look forward to trying something new on the menu our next go around!One of my favorite breakfast spots! The food is good but the staff really makes it a great spot. Delicious and affordable. Their specials are always great but oftentimes just enjoy the toasts!This might be the best breakfast spot I've tried in any city, ever. The quality of ingredients coupled with the amazing food pairings make this a top choice for early morning dining adventures. I was lucky enough to sample a variety of their breakfast offerings, and nothing I tried fell short of perfection. Who would have thought a piece of toast could taste so amazing? If you can make it past the toast, and are lucky enough to try the crawfish cakes, or their Danish version of a little pancake bonbon, you're in for a real treat. Heaven forbid you skip the breakfast and try the bacon burger! You might just be turned out and past the Point of No Return-- never settling for a mediocre burger again. The portions compared to the price points will make you wonder how you could ever pass this spot up. 
If you see the sign, pull over immediately and try this place. You won't regret it.Food here is excellent.. Just small.. have to get there at the right time or theres a line.. Expensive but worth it..Same people as tartine, so no surprise I love it. Tiny place, be sure to come early if you don't like to wait. Cheery atmosphere and delicious food- my husband and I always get the lemon curd aebelskivers (round Danish pancakes). 
Last trip we got the special- short ribs with grits. UNBELIEVABLE. Highly recommend if you see it on menu- incredibly tender, richly flavored and hugely satisfying.Had the toast with avocado and egg (over easy), and it was amazing!The servings are large and tasty. My husband had the chicken and waffles which were A+.  I had the spinach and bacon and cheese omelette and my friend had the ratatouille omelette. There are so many good choices on the menu that multiple trips will be needed to get a better feel. The service was spot on. It gets busy FAST we went at 8 am on Sunday and by 8:20 every seat taken. It is very loud inside.  We will be returning to try more items on menuHad brunch here yesterday with a few friends.  Everything on the menu looked great!  I had the Quiche that was the daily special.  It was about double the size I thought it was going to be and I ended up taking half home for dinner.  The service was great, but the seating space is a bit small and the chairs feel a little flimsy.  The food, however, is amazing.  Everything is priced well for what you get and I know I left thinking about when I will be back and what I will try next on the menu!I'm glad it took me moving away from NOLA and coming back on vacation to try this place or I'd be here 3 times a week. I honestly do not have a single complaint about this place. 
The pancake balls (or whatever their weird/culinary name is) are amazing. Tip: get an assortment of different dips for an extra 75 cents each because they taste great with all of them. The veggie crepe is very good and light. The highlight of the meal was the hangar steak. It was cooked absolutely perfectly and the sauce was a nice touch.
It definitely gets crowded so get here on the earlier side on the weekends and put your name down or come on a weekday!Can't give Toast an overall rating because I only eat eggs and bacon. Love the atmosphere and like it as a hangout that locals haven't "found" it yet.This place is fantastic! We had the Croque Madame and Hangar Steak which were both incredibly decadent and delicious. Toast is the new place-to-be for breakfast in New Orleans. The staff is incredibly friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. We will definitely be returning to Toast!This place may officially be our favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans now! ‼ We shared 3 aebelskivers as a side to our meals with the jam and caramel sauces. These little pancake puffs are super tasty, really fluffy, and are great for dipping!
My wife had the prosciutto & Brie crepe - very flavorful, good portion, and she says she would order again without hesitation.
I ordered the croque Madame. This dish is massive!!! I typically eat 3+ meals per day and on this day the only meal I ate was this one. The eggs were a perfect Sunny side up. The meat was cooked perfectly; not burned and not chewy. The bread was nice and soft and absorbed the egg yolks and the cheese wonderfully! Not to forget the lightly seasoned, refreshing salad and the insanely good potatoes that come with the meal. 
The ambiance is wonderful! Small place with easy outdoor seating. It gets a lot of great natural light from the front. The servers are patient, not pushy, extremely nice, and very helpful!
Check this place out, but don't tell your friends. We don't want to have to wait too long to get in next time we go.I love this place and I've only been here once! Omgoodness. 
We came on a Sunday morning around 11AM and only waited about 10-15 minutes, which was amazing! It got fairly packed like 10 seconds after we were seated. Once we were seated, she took our order and the food came very quickly.
Aebleskivers: they're just round pancake balls. Lol. But, still worth a try. I got the lemon curd and the caramel sauce. I love caramel! The lemon curd was a bit too sour for my taste so I didn't enjoy it as much as the caramel. 
Cinnamon roll: just a regular cinnamon roll. Soft, sweet, delicious. 
Steak and eggs: my bf thinks this is the best in the city. I'd disagree, but it is pretty good. The sauce that they drizzle on top makes the dish, IMO. Eggs were cooked perfectly though, no goopy egg whites!
Toast with prosciutto and honey: I dream about it sometimes. So simple, yet so delicious. 
Toast with avocado and egg: Easy. Simple. Filling. I'd rave about it more if I didn't realize that I could make it at home and it would probably taste exactly the same.
Anyway, I can't wait to come back here. Drooling just thinking about it.No wait, Great service, Awesome food!! 
What an overall great experience!!! 
Not one complaint? 
The wait staff was on the ball about everything, they picked up and refilled drinks and acted like a team!! 
The food was so good!! 
Definitely be back here!Just 4 words. Get. The. Breakfast. Burger. Oh god, I was so torn between that or the hanger steak but our server talked me into the breakfast burger and I will eternally be grateful to her! You can customize this thing basically however you'd like and it is absolutely delicious! Our servers were so so sweet and very helpful. We also got the donut balls (I don't remember the actual name for them on the menu) and they were great. We ordered three sauces which were Nutella, maple syrup, and the last one was a lemony one I believe. They were all great! A perfect last meal for our trip to New Orleans!Second time I've waited for a table and then once seated left because of the large number of FLIES in the dining room. Not a sanitary environment.Typical Saturday driving town Magazine trying to decide what to have have for breakfast and the Yelp Gods choose Toast.  As usual I figured any brunch place with 4.5 stars is going to be busy on a Saturday morning and it was.  It wasn't too bad though.
Toast is a small neighborhood restaurant and if not for the people waiting outside for their table you would drive right past it.  After parking on the street in front of someone's house you walk up and find a wait list pad where you right down your name and the number of people in your party.  Next to it they have a water pitcher so that you don't get thirsty while you wait.
Our wait was only about 30 minutes which is not bad at all for that part of the city on a Saturday morning.  When we went inside we were sat at one of the roughly 10-15 table that they have inside (there's seating outside as well).
I ended up ordering the Omelette with bacon, spinach & gruyere and we split the pancake balls with maple syrup.  The omelet was good.  Nothing to dream about and run back to the restaurant for but it was good... 
BUT THESE PANCAKE BALLS! It still is beyond me how they could make something so amazing!  They were so light and fluffy and just perfect.  There are some things in life that you just can't explain and you can't describe and this is one of them.  All i can tell you is to go and get them yourself!
I can't wait till our brunch rotation comes back around to Toast!Love Toast! Brought friends who split the special fried catfish over grits with 2 eggs. I got my usual - toast and ratatouille with scrambled eggs. Everyone loves this place and the people are great. On weekends just bring a book or whatever for the wait.My roommates and I eat here at least once a week! Sometimes it's busy but worth the wait. The food is always excellent and served quickly! Unlike most places in the NOLA area, Toast is reasonably priced! By far my favorite place to eat.Waited for 45 mins before leaving. Hostess was sitting other folks that got there after us and just kept saying we are on the list. We won't be back.Food was pretty good but fairly small portions and overpriced in my opinion. Also skimped on the avocado on the avocado toast. Service was not good either, must have asked 4 times to have water and she kept forgetting to bring all the food out and it was wrong twice when it was all brought out. But they did have almond milk so that was a plus.They do not take reservations and, if you put your name on the list, they MIGHT remember to text you that they are ready for you. But, if you don't get a text (that they forget to send) or get back within 3 minutes, they will give up your table and pretend to feel bad about the unfairness. We were told that we would be waiting a solid hour (the hostess told us it was going to be a pretty accurate hour wait as well) and apparently it took less than 10 min. So, no text and no reservation, we were told to be put back on the END of the list. That seems like good business. Eat here at your own risk!This place is really fantastic. The lack of a fifth star solely comes from a lack of diverse options on the menu, such as a waffle. Otherwise, there is absolutely no way you could come here and not have a delicious meal and experience!Excellent customer service, delicious Brie and prosciutto crepe and lemon curd puffs!! Lovely little spot for brunch! Will definitely go back the next chance I have!Couldn't have had a better breakfast before jazzfest
The place was packed, and the wait list was long, but they quickly got guests in and out. The wait list is a bit different- guests write their own name down, so some people got ancy and a bit competitive once tables opened, but the staff kept it organized and fair. 
The wait staff was very quick and attentive once we sat. I was surprised when the iced coffee came with milk in it already, I typically opt for black, but it turned out to be some of the best I had in a while. Ordered the steak and eggs, rare and sunny side up, and they turned out great, although the eggs were a bit overcooked. We were able to get in and out in great time. 
Look forward to coming back next time I'm in the city!My daughter and I found Toast early one morning last week. There are not many options for a 630a breakfast uptown.  We were pleased beyond words. Cute little place, good coffee & delicious crepes!  A goat cheese omelet with a spring greens salad was the perfect way to start our morning. Highly recommend.  Oh, the even have a parking lot!My favorite breakfast/brunch place in New Orleans. I always want to try new places but I can't help myself coming back here all the time! Delicious food, delightful staff, great location, cute decor, I can go onSaturday, Jazz Fest.  Yes, they just opened.  Everyone was patient...the customers clue you in... you have to flag a waitress down.  After 15 minutes, order has been taken.  After 45 minutes, request some fruit so I don't pass out.  Have to beg for the check...one and a half hours past.  Everyone is in the same boat.  Staff is sweet and not stressed out.  Food was really quite good.Genuinely happy staff. The Cook was on target!not long wait time for food at all.  food was perfect temperature, and delicious as delicious as can be. Clean place. Not noisy.my first time here ,and will come back.Not impressed. The mushroom, onion crepe had zero flavor. Got the avocado and egg 'toast' but it wasn't even toasted. It was just a huge chunk of bread with a little butter slapped onto it and the egg and avocado placed on top. The grits were Ok. Wasn't crazy about the flavor profile but they were nice and creamy. The aebelskivers were really egg-y. Service was good. Won't be back.The Salmon toast is phenomenal!! The chicken was scrumptious! And the Nutella crepe was sooo sweet!!Finally had a chance to try this place. So glad we did. I had the ricotta prosciutto honey toast. It was so filling and delicious. Shares  a side of ratittoulle with my son. We both enjoyed it. He had the banana and nutella crepe. It was so filling. He brought half home. He also had the avocado egg toast. Needless to say he just had that for dinner and enjoyed it too. Fast, friendly and courteous service.  Hope it was the 1st of many visits.Toast offers an array of breakfast entrees to choose from, much more than I'd imagine to experience for my first time there. I've always been aware that the area is one that is continually growing in a number of ways, but it's good to see places like this where you can just pop in and have something slightly different than the traditional breakfast meal. The skewers are a must have for those who enjoy something sweet before or after a nice meal---they're like edible pillows in some weird way. The skewers are offered with a number of sauces to choose from and each additional sauce is 75 cents each. I never knew how much I loved Nutella until I had it with these little fellas. To top it off, they do offer a few alcoholic beverages to enjoy your meal with, but sadly my lady was being a bit of a party pooper and rejected my Spritz offer. The staff is nothing less than friendly and hospitable, making sure that your every need is fulfilled. This is certainly somewhere that I would recommend having breakfast with a friend or a significant other, and I can assure you that the demand is not as overwhelming as Ruby Slipper is. I don't see this place being a best kept secret for much longer as Jazz Fest dawns upon us. With it being so close to the fairgrounds, I imagine that the visitors will be lodging closeby...please be sure to pay this place a visit. There's no better way to soak up the alcohol you'll be consuming at the festival, treat yourself!Had the hanker steak (medium). It was very good, not dry, and cooked just right. This a cool little spot right on the corner.Really good! We ate here on our last day in New Orleans and was not disappointed. Very reasonably priced and great food, would definitely come back if we visit again the future. It's pretty busy so there was a wait time, but it was worth it.Tried getting in Sunday. Yeah, not with a 45 minute wait. Had there been more (any) shade we might have waited but the awnings were not designed to provide any sun protection. 
NBD, actually. There was always another day. We were just ready to start the day. 
Back again another day. This time there's no wait and we had our pick of tables. Nice spot. Orange juice and coffee quickly appearing. 
The two stars are for the quite good avocado toast with a sunny and the okay biscuits and gravy only. 
It's some crummy service to plop down the check, sail past and say over your shoulder 'Let me know if there's anything else I can get you'. At a time of the day when there were still 4 tables open and no one waiting, inviting us to linger would have not been too taxing. 
The thing is: there was actually something else. Two orders of Aebelshivers to-go and 5% more on the tip if you had not had been such an ass.Definitely my favorite breakfast spot these days! Toast with avocado and egg? Delish!The food at Toast was amazing. We were pleasantly surprised how good the food was. The staff was friendly and helpful. We definitely will be going back.The 1st two times i ate here the food and service was excellent. The last time i ate there was atrocious...the waitress told me to order my items separately because she said it would "be cheaper that way" It wasnt and i realized this after getting my bill. So i said something and she got an attitude and threw 2 dollars on the counter. Rude! Also my food was totally NOT what i ordered and she said "Sorry but the cook's in a bad mood so im not gonna piss him off" I feel i shouldn't of had to pay for crap i didn't order and horrible customer service! Beware...Nancy, our server was amazing. She was very knowledgeable of the menu and very attentive to our needs. She circulated often and made sure the coffee was always full. She was very personal.
The food was delicious. It was my first time having boneless thighs with waffles but it was very flavorful. Nancy highly recommended it. My friend had an amazing omelet(spinach and ratatouille) he sung praises of the flavors and how smooth it was. I will be returning in the future.This place is a very nice place to sit back and enjoy your meal. Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is laid back. The daily specials are a must try when you come.One of the best breakfast brunches I've ever had. Came highly recommended and is about 5-6 minutes by ride share from Bourbon Street. It is a New Orleans treasure. Would def go back.We love coming here. The food is delicious and worth the wait. Its tucked into a small corner of Laurel street, if you drove past it you would not look twice, but the food is phoenomenal.It was delicious! My son and I brought my best friend for her birthday and we were all very satisfied. The steak, potatoes and eggs dish is maginificent!Wasn't sure what to expect with a simple name like TOAST and a very unassuming storefront, but we were so pleased. I have read that crowds and time to service has been an issue, and I guess that depends on when you go, but we went on a weekday, mid morning,  and we did fine. The atmosphere while simple was charming and what you would think a NOLA neighborhood place should be like. I had the old reliable eggs and sausage and the sausage was terrific. Not the thin, tough, dry usual, but thick and juicy. Eggs over medium were perfect. And the toast, as you might expect, was great! My wife had something more exotic and she loved it. All in all, if you hit it at the right time, I think it can be a great experience.I've been wanting to try the Toast location Uptown but the wait was always 1hr+ to get in. My boyfriend & I didn't know about the new Fairgrounds location until recently, so we went for breakfast this morning. There was a 15 minute wait inside so we opted to dine outdoors and enjoy the springtime weather. Our waitress was very helpful and informative when it came to the menu options. We decided to order two iced coffees for our drinks; the coffee was very refreshing and not bitter at all. We also asked to start with the Prosciutto Toast with Ricotta & Honey before our entrees. The flavors complemented each other and the toast was fresh and hearty; I could tell that they make it in house. We then waited about 15-20 minutes in between our app and our breakfast entrees; neither of us minded at all since we were enjoying the weather and chatting. My boyfriend got the Ham, Tomato, & Gruyere Crepe while I opted for the Ratatouille Omelette with Chèvre and Spinach. Each of our entrees came with a side of toast and the option of fruit or salad. Both were incredibly delicious and--in my opinion--a steal for the price. My omelette was $8.50 and my boy friend's crepe was $9.00 (the toasts and fruit/salad sides were included in the entree price!). 
I will definitely be back here soon--everything on the menu looked delectable and worth trying. Plus the staff was very warm and inviting--and they gave us plenty of food recs. Our waitress recommended us to try the burger next time. We'll be back soon!Had an amazing omelet with fresh fruit and freshly baked bread. Atmosphere is intimate, but wasn't too crowded. Definitely go early to beat the crowd!Pretty delicious and very cute inside! They have iced coffee which is a nice change from a regular breakfast place. Everyone at the table had everything on the menu and I couldn't complain about anything. They give you a lot of of food too which is nice and toots pretty reasonably priced. They also have outside seating. On the weekends, be prepared to wait a while before you get sat. Worth the wait.The breakfast sandwich was perfection! The biscuit was fresh and everything was delish! The abelskivers with Nutella was just fantastic and the customer service was wonderful!Great little place, amazing food! The French toast, fried egg on avocado bread and bacon was awesome!! Wait staff was excellent!!Fantastic brunch place! Everything was delicious, made in house I believe. I had smoked salmon and scrambled eggs on their toast. The coffee is good too.
Cool vibe but most of the customers seemed like regulars. Staff were friendly and efficient ( I felt like a regular after one meal! )Wonderful breakfast spot with perfect, golden yellow fluffy omelettes, folded over just right.  The fact that the omelette had no crispy, burned edges is worth that elusive 5th yelp star for me. I opted for the biscuits with 2 sunny side up eggs( again perfectly executed, I've never seen yolks so perfectly positioned) and a morney sauce.  They were happy to sub the sausage that came with the dish for spinach for me. The place is tiny but that's what adds to the charm-it reminded me of a french cafe and had great outdoor seating. Can't wait to return so I can try the crepes or aebleskivers.This local restaurant has what you're looking for. Fun atmosphere, adventurous food, great service! The food was just as amazing as their staff!So good! Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere and very reasonable prices. Chicken and Waffles and BLT were both the best I've ever had.  Will definitely be back.On vacation in New Orleans and wanting something good for breakfast munchies. Whipped out Yelp and found Toast. It had good reviews so we headed over. You write your name down on their wait list which is a clipboard on a table outside. You can sit outside , inside or at the bar. We had oj to drink, normal nothing to say. We ordered the prosciutto and Brie crepe, the banana Nutella crepe, and the toast with egg and avocado. Everything was delicious. The prosciutto and Brie was really good but very rich, me and my wife split it, I don't think I could've eaten the whole thing myself. The toast was really good. Nicely cooked sunny side egg, which was great over the toast and avocado. And you can't go wrong with Nutella and banana. Overall it was a good experience. My only complaint would be the wait was a little long, but that is expected if the food is good.Cute, cool, crafty cuisine. Loved this place for breakfast! The interior is very charming and inviting. The staff was friendly and attentive. All the food we got was amazing!!! We got the chicken and waffles, breakfast sandwich on a biscuit and aebelskivers with Nutella. Yum!! Would definitely go again if I'm the area.Love this little nook uptown for brunch! Some of the best avocado toast I have ever had! Only waited 5 minutes. Good for a quick breakfast. Every is super super nice and helpful in giving suggestions.Great breakfast/brunch spot! Very reasonably priced with friendly staff. Everything I had was delicious, but the stand outs were the biscuits and potatoes. My only complaint is the size of the restaurant... About half of the seating is outdoors, which is great when the weather is nice. There are usually long lines so I revoked getting there early!Good service! The omelet was cooked perfectly. The cheese and ham crepe was best I've ever had. Went on Sunday at 9:30am only a 10min wait for a table. Amazing homemade multi grain toast! Can't wait to go back!This is our family's annual Trip to Nola and this year we decided to do things a little bit differently. We rented a VRBO is the garden district and have been dining at more of the local "gems". Toast is what we found today and it in no way disappointed. We enjoyed the Croquet Madame and their little puff pancake pastries. Amazing, the sourdough toast on my madame was perfection, even the side salad that accompanied the sandwich was on point. So if you are looking for the perfect breakfast, look no further. It's worth the wait to enjoy this little "gem" located in West Riverside.Toast is so delicious! The waitstaff is wonderful and the food is well budgeted for grand portions. So good :)If you're into brunch you MUST check this place out! They have 2 locations, one uptown and one in midcity. We were trying to go to the one uptown but they had about 20 people waiting outside on a Sunday morning at around 9:45, it was insane!! That's when we decided to check out the other location and thank God we did! They had a few people outside, but on a Sunday in New Orleans when the saints play ..it is kind of expected. Upon walking in, the restaurant was very packed. The hostess was super nice, she told us the wait would be about 35-40 minutes. She then went ahead and took my phone number to call me when something became available and gave me the option of inside or out. I told her it didn't matter. Bad decision, you want to sit inside future yelpers! We waited about 30 minutes when she finally called and told us a table was available, But that it was in a sunny spot. I didn't think it would be that bad ....till we actually sat down in the sun. Worst decision ever. Upon getting seated our waitress (a nice older lady)was sooooo sweet! She took our drink orders and apologized for the sun, not that it was her fault but still it was nice. We then ordered , I got the avocado toast, bacon on side, and the potatoes on the side. The boyfriend got the chicken and waffles. I also got a small orange juice which tasted like it was freshly squeezed. Our food came out quickly, about 15 minutes. My avocado toast was good, but it couldve used a little hint of spice. The potatoes were so flavorful , I wish I could've finished them all., the bacon was perfect .The chicken and waffles were amazing!!! When I go back that's what I'm going to get. The chicken was flavorful, the butter was mixed in with some cayenne, and the waffles so soft! The price was very reasonable as well! Im so happy I found this hidden gem! Next time we will be sitting inside tho! Highly recommendI love this place, we have to come a least once while visiting family. I am always excited about the quiche of the day. The girls love their Aebleskivers with the different sauces!The Toast with Prosciutto, Ricotta, & Honey is to DIE FOR. The coffee has a lovely taste and the ambience feels like I'm right at home. The funky interior design is striking and appealing to the sight. Staff is super friendly and welcoming. THANKYOU TOAST!  My waitress Hayley is AWSOME!Good food, but I thought the coffee was a bit overpriced for the drop coffee. I will go back though because it's a great location and I would like to try something else on the menu.I've been wanting to eat breakfast here for awhile but stayed away because we can only go on the weekend & heard it was busy, Got a chance to go on Friday mid morning & got seats at the bar. Service was on-point & attentive. We shared small order of aebleskivers with lemon curd-very good! I got avocado toast with sunny egg & a side of bacon. My friend got french toast. Best breakfast we've had in a long time!Service was lovely, and ableskivers were awesome. They just didn't have beignets, even though yelp included this place under beignets, but that's not their fault.2nd visit and brought my sister.  Once again the place did not disappoint. Abelskeivers - delicious!!!!!My absolute favorite brunch spot in New Orleans! I ordered the Smoked Fish Toast & my boyfriend order the Omlette with ratatouille, chèvre, & spinach. It was phenomenal! The pancake balls are also to die for. Be sure to do waitlist for a table because it gets crowded. Love this place!This place is pretty freaking fantastic. They serve fresh locally roasted coffee and amazing food. I had crepes and cheese grits and was very impressed! I will definitely be coming back here!Amazing food. Great service.  Never disappointed. 
Avocado toast is a staple and delicious, but I recommend the corned beef if they have it as a special. They make their own hollandaise sauce.For a nice brunch before so shopping or escapades near the garden district this is a lovely choice. For my entree I had the hangar steak and it was the up most excellence! Every bite cooked exactly to order (medium) and the sauce ontop really complemented it. For a postbrunch dessert shared abelskeivers  with the nutella sauce however the really standout with that was the strawberry filling they gave us on the side that made it a truly decadent dessertAmazing place for brunch. I'm a vegetarian so I had the avacado toast with a side of the most delicious ratatouille. If you're here do try the aebleskivers. They're the right amount of sweet with a bunch of topping sauce options.Parking is a little difficult. No wait even though it was 11am on a Sunday so that was nice. Wait for food was long and we watched our food sit in the service window for quite a while. Even though food was lukewarm, it was delicious! Great Bloody Mary and friend said the orange juice was the best he's ever hadBest breakfast I've had in NOLA. I had the Avocado Toast and Lyonnaise potatoes both were amazing and I'd recommend Toast to everyone! Another thing I like was their coffee it was so delicious and rich!AMAZING! One of the best breakfasts I have ever had!! Had the breakfast sandwich and potatoes.  So GOOD!  Great service too.  If you are in New Orleans and want a cute local place, a bit off the beaten path, this is it.  If I lived in New Orleans I would eat here everyday!!! Highly recommend!Great service, excellent food. The biscuits & gravy were marvelous. Get the abelskivers!The service industry in New Orleans is very lackluster, this place breaks that mold. Our server Noell was prompt and attentive, yet strangely she had an inviting calm considering how busy this place can be, thats indicative of a good team along side of her. 5stars clappingemoji.gif poundunrelatedobscureemojiI'm telling all who read this to run, don't walk to Toast if you want an amazing breakfast. My daughter and I had breakfast here this morning and it was awesome! I had sausage, egg on a biscuit  smothered in mornay sauce with a side of grits. I think I may have died and gone to heaven. The grits were incredibly creamy and the biscuit light and fluffy. My daughter had a crepe with a side of french toast. We also had a cinnamon bun (incredible) and a scone. Yes, we totally pigged out and it was worth every calorie. The service was nice and friendly and there's a cozy vibe about the place. It is relatively small so there could be a wait on a weekend.The best chicken and waffles I've ever had! And I never write reviews, but if you're in NoLa and what chicken and waffles.... come here! So goooood.I LOVE this place. I go to Octavia Books every time I visit NOLA and have always seen people waiting outside of Toast. I finally decided to try it and I was not disappointed! The food is AMAZING. I ordered the Sugar and Butter crepe and fell in love at first bite. The biscuits are so big and fluffy and the bacon is a thick cut and very savory! I love how quaint the location. The inside is pretty small and the staff is so friendly. Highly recommend!!Toast represent the best of "southern hospitality".  We were visiting our daughter who lives nearby and when she went to work, we looked around for a nearby breakfast place.  We discovered Toast as it was also nearby Bourdreaux's an auto repair place.  Toast is a casual place with outdoor seating also.  We chose to eat inside. Our server was Gretchen and she was both pleasant and efficient.  We had a bit to eat at our daughter's and thus were not very hungry.  I ordered a classic breakfast ($9) which consisted of two eggs, bacon, grits, and a biscuit.  My spouse was unsure of what to order so Gretchen recommended ordering a kids plate which essentially is the same as the classic, but without the grits.
The food was very good and the service was quick. Another server from Jackson, MS came by and welcomed us.  We even got to keep the plastic Toast water cup.  I could eat breakfast here daily and not get tired of it.  It well represents New Orleans in friendliness.Ok, after nearly 3 years it's time for me to update this review. It takes a while for my hanger to subside and forgiveness to set in. But I would be remiss if I didn't state we've been back multiple times and had excellent service and a far more reasonable wait for the food. (Keep in mind - on busy brunch weekend hours you will wait for a table. That is to be expected for a small, neighborhood spot.) Everything I've had here is delicious - omelettes, grits, biscuits, crepes, aebleskivers, all of it. If you can make it on a quiet, weekday morning you'll have a delicious meal sitting in front of you in no time.Y'all. That savory crepe with gruyere, herbs, and an overeasy egg. SO DELICIOUS. And then my friend got the aebelskivers and they were awesome too. The tea selection was OK, but they had a some variety so I'll take it. My friends love their food and the coffee. 
There was a wait on a Saturday morning but I liked that you can get a text when your table is ready. The space isn't the hugest. Be prepared to make friends with the table next to you.
The wait staff is hustling and have great attitudes.The food was absolutely fantastic. And the atmosphere was quaint. If u love potatoes like I do,  and their chicken and waffles were out of this worldI've now been to Toast for Sunday brunch on 3 separate occasions. Short version: quality of food & coffee is excellent & portion sizes are generous for the pricing - just prepare for a wait and for a noisy/crowded atmosphere during the height of brunch time.
Longer version: My party of 3 was very lucky the first time we went - we were seated right away and enjoyed our various dishes (which included the abelskivers, french toast, and an omelette). The coffee was excellent. The inside seating was very cramped and loud, so I don't recommend it if you like personal space or can't ignore a stranger sitting very near you.
I was also with a party of 3 for my 2nd visit. The wait was longer but not unpleasant, and we were seated outside. Even with the summer storm pouring away, we were (for the most part) well protected by the awning, and the food and coffee was again excellent. I enjoyed bites of my friend's ratatouille crepe and devoured my own toast with avocado & egg. 
(Note: unless you otherwise specify, the egg will be served sunny-side up. Pretty sure my server at the time  just forgot to ask about how I wanted my egg cooked, and I didn't think to volunteer the info. It was delicious anyway, and I've since heard other servers clarify with their tables about how the eggs should be cooked.)
Today's 3rd visit was with a party of 4, and it took well over an hour to be seated because another party of 4 was allowed to jump ahead of us when they complained of needing to get to the airport, and a party of 8 also needed special accomodation. If the weather hadn't been so pleasant, I doubt we would have stayed. Our server was great, and she kept our coffee and water glasses full. I ordered the bacon, onion, and cheese crepe with a scrambled egg added - there were way too many onions, but they were easily shoved to the side as I ate with my fork & knife. One friend had a croque madame - excellent portion size for the price. Someone ordered a cinnamon roll that was shared for the table, and it was obviously fresh and was delicious.
The quality of food has remained excellent, and my usual brunch group is used to a reasonable wait, so I foresee Toast staying on my brunch rotation for a long time.Such a nice friendly neighborhood location. The service and food was great, I will definitely be returning. Grits and crepes are highly recommended.Really cute place! Food tastes delish, I've tried the toasts and the crepes, and they've all been great. Great place for a quick bite to eat.Loved this niche place! Those pancake balls ableskivers were awesome! Loved everything we had. Best breakfast spot we visited in New Orleans. Whenever I come back I'll plan to visit this place again!!Small place with lots of character.  
Definitely try this place.  
Enjoyed my dish.  
Waffle sandwich w/ sunny side eggs, ham & avocado.   Yummy.Ridiculously good!!! Worth every minute of the wait. Food and service were exceptional and we hope to visit one more time before heading back to the West coast. The crab cake special exceeded our expectations. No breadcrumb stuffed business, just the nitty gritty...crab and goodness and served with the silkiest of grits and a lovely salad. Sweetness overload with the colorful King Cake crepe. Highly suggested you share the love on this one. Friendliest of service. A toast  to Toast!I'm gonna have to go again. The croque Madame seemed like such a good idea, but the bread was burnt and it's all I could taste. The lemon pastries we got as an appetizer were pretty damn good though. I saw some other items coming out the kitchen that looked solid. Oh yeah, they had a nice pulpy orange juice, which I love.The ratatouille omelet and the abelskivers (or whatever they're called) here are heavenly. This place is a hidden gem to anyone who lives in Gentilly or Mid-City. Pro-Tip: When they ask if you want extra strawberry jam, always say yes!So. Much. Food. Got the tacos with guacamole and chorizo. Couldn't eat it like a taco it was so stuffed. Had to knife and fork it. Still very, very good. The pancake balls were so fluffy and moist.I plan on making this stop my regular go to when it comes to breakfast and brunch dates whether it's with my partner or my girlfriends. 
The menu alone begs for multiple visits. Its hard to decide between beautiful, thick toast piled with anything from salmon, prosciutto or avocado. But then, savory crepes! They also serve what I can only describe as a hybrid of a pancake and a beignet served with a variety of toppings; lemon curd, Nutella, home made jam...As I sat waiting for my friend to arrive, I must have changed my mind four times. I actually used pictures on yelp! To help seal the deal. After all you do "eat with your eyes", no?
We ordered the avocado toast plus one egg and bacon--great texture and great flavor on the bacon. I had the waffle sandwich with thick cut ham, egg over medium (perfect), roasted tomato, avocado and pimiento cheese. Between the pimiento cheese and the roasted tomato seasoning I was having a hard time deciding which I liked better. Incredibly balanced in texture and flavor and an overall great value for your dollar.
Standards apply here as well, coffee, cappuccino, iced coffee, tea, and breakfast deals for early risers.
The space is unique, new, cozy--yet spacious. My only complaint is the bar top is very crowded with caddies, glassware and a pretty disorganized bar area that also serves as a service station for dirty glassware. Amongst the stacks of clean and dirty, it was hard to tell the difference where one started and the other ended. There was a highly under utilized shelf in the corner of the wraparound bar that had a Bluetooth speaker,  bottle of schnapps and several small "pails" that might have been used for plating purposes but since abandoned. If they spent a morning overhauling their organization of that bar top I feel it would be even more inviting to sit at.
The only other item to mention in hopes of tightening things up, would be to mention to staff not to eat in front of them. If you're going to do it, at least go where a paying customer can't see you. This ain't yo mammas house.
I definitely plan on returning as I kept raving  about the place after I left. Ruby Slipper is out, Toast is in!!Enjoyed our experience dining here. I like the vibe. We received great customer service with our waitress. Our food was a little long getting to us. And they do charge for more maple syrup. Pricing seemed fair.Geez this place is AMAZING! Full on a Monday but worth the wait ! We didn't wait long at all. The food is so good! Portions are good also. Best food so far in New Orleans -2nd UPDATE:  Cara never replied providing me examples of how I mistreated her staff.  She has also not refunded the money she said she would.  Can't say I'm surprised... 
UPDATE:   Cara, the owner, reached out to me via Facebook messenger.  She stated she was refunding the rest of my transaction, however that wasn't what any of us were looking for.  All we wanted was an apology, something she still hasn't done.   
As a loyal Toast customer I was amazingly disappointed by this experience. I regularly visit the other location and have never had a bad time, but this was a failure.
The wait to be seated was reasonable, and the waitress was great. We ordered our food, but had a last-minute party join us. He ordered food 15 minutes after the rest of us. An hour later his food was the only food that had come out. He got his whole breakfast and ate it before our food even arrived to the table.
When the food came out, it was nothing but a disappointment. My friend to order Chicken and Waffles had waffles that looks like they've been sitting for a while before being served. There was nothing crispy about them and they were lukewarm. None of the eggs anyone ordered or cooked fully let alone correctly. The eggs were so undercooked that we couldn't even eat them. The eggs and biscuits should have been served over easy with served sunny side up, with no gravy. The only thing that was remotely ok where the crepes. So at this point we had an epic wait and crap food. We couldn't even ask for corrections to our food because we had already waited so long.
We asked to speak to a manager and the waitress obliged very quickly. When the woman came over all she said was this is our first busy weekend. I pointed out that food that had been ordering much later at our table had come out long before the rest of our food. I was told it was because they all come from different stations. But that fails to explain is how he got his crate before the rest of us got our Crepes & Crepes all come from the same station. We tried to explain that we understood that but it didn't change the quality of the food being served or the wait time she simply repeated that it was a busy weekend then turned and walked away. We later learned it was not the manager, but rather the owner..
Although we did we all receive half of our bill, nothing makes up for the lack of customer service from the owner. We understand that it's a busy weekend with Voodoo Fest however step should have been taken to to accommodate that. I'm so disappointed by my toast experience, and will not be back anytime soon. Willing to forgive bad food with good customer service, but having the owner turned her back and walk away in the middle of a conversation does not constitute quality service.We LOVED toast! The service is great and the food is awesome. We came here after waiting at a table at another Nola brunch spot for over 15 minutes with no service and even though Toast was more crowded, we were promptly greeted and seated and had a great meal with awesome service.Breakfast, lunch or just brunch this place will hit the spot! Get the pancake bites with lemon curd. The savory prosciutto and Brie crepe was my favorite, but the chicken and waffles is also a great staple. Don't miss this great find. Just street park and stroll through this quaint New Orleans neighborhood.I had the best crêpe (mushroom onion peppers chèvre & ricotta) of my life and the fries were spectacular as well. It was really busy and the wait was long but that was understandable as it's a really small place and we were here at the big Sunday brunch rush time.Hit the spot. A terrific brunch destination. Close quarters and some traffic because of its popularity but definitely worth the wait. Just went next door for a Bloody Mary while waiting. Every bite was delicious.A really great spot to grab breakfast. My wife and I came here on a Sunday morning around 8:30 am. Parking was weird for is because we aren't used to New Orleans and there wasn't any kind of lot we could find (we did street parking on a nearby lane). Inside is a bit quirky with a bar and uneven floor but it was not super busy that early in the morning. My wife ordered the Prosciutto and Brie Crepe and I got the Abelskivers with chocolate dipping sauce to start. I'm glad we held back on another entree because these two were massive. The Abelskivers are really interesting because they are soft and hollow with the exact consistency of a pancake. I'm not entirely sure how they do that with a ball but it was delicious. The crepe was super rich and fantastic. It tasted like there was some basil in it as well. We shared the two and had to leave a couple balls behind because everything was so filling. I really wish we lived in New Orleans so we could explore everything on the Toast menu!This place was sooooo delicious. I would definitely come back here again on my next visit to NOLA. Do not skip out on the potatoes. I enjoyed my waffle burger. The waffle was nice, soft and not too thick.One star off for the outside sitting with smell coming from a horse farm. I didn't quite expect the stinky smell.
Other than that. Food and service is excellent. My husband had toast ratatouille with sunny side up egg, daughter had avocado toast while I had ratatouille omellette which came with a side salad with vineagrette.  A small order of aebelskivers with nutella rounded the breaksfast. Our service was very attentive. Had to rush our meal since due to the stinky air smell and having to fight with flies!   
Next time, we will wait to get a inside seating.Can't believe this has been in Gentilly this whole time. Great food at even better prices.
I came a cross this spot on yelp for my birthday. I was drawn by the fact that it was a new place that was so close and the food looked tasty. Being that this is now my second of what I am sure will be many visits, I can assure you won't be disappointed.
On my Initial visit I found myself torn between the varieties of lunch and brunch selections. The menu was composed of toasts*obviously, omelettes, crepes (sweet & savory), waffle sandwiches, something called Abelskeivers & traditional brunch Entrees. Luckily for us a group who had just finished suggested the lemon curd crepe & grits.
Sooo this is some of the best damn grits in New Orleans. They were super creamy & flavorful, no salt or pepper needed the addition of cheese, cheddar is their standard, makes these grits an experience all they're own! The crepe was light and airy & the lemon curd made them surprisingly refreshing. On the second trip I tried the prosciutto & Brie crepe which was again amazing. And the the abelskeivers, are what you'd imagine eating a pastry Cloud to be like. All in all this place is a MUST TRY!I LOVED my first experience at Toast. I was that annoying customer who asked to combine ingredients that weren't offered together as a dish on the menu (I asked to have ratatouille in a crepe), and our server was so gracious and didn't make me feel bad at all. 
The ratatouille and bacon crepe was exactly what I wanted and I was a happy camper. 
Prices are super reasonable for great quality brunch.Maxis got little corner spot away from all the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. Situated near the fairgrounds this little gem has a small menu but all the items we tried were amazing. Parking can be a hassle so if you can Uber here do it. We had the sausage biscuits and gravy and they were delicious. The biscuits had a glaze of honey that just enhanced the taste. It also came with grits. Tip get the grits with gruyere for a fuller the Brie crepes were also phenomenal and you must try the aioli with fries. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars was because the hostess kept telling us Thor wait was 90 minutes. They obviously didn't want our business maybe because it was 1 and they close at 2. They were telling everyone who walked in about the long wait. Luckily we were sitting down within 15 minutes. Our server, Nancy was super friendly and took care of us very well. A must for brunch in NOLA.I stumbled upon this place accidentally and was so glad that I did! Everything on the menu looked amazing, but I chose the BLT (w eggs) and it was OUTSTANDING!! can't wait to go back & try everything else!Great food and great service. If you can find street parking it is worth it. Daily mimosa specials. Large portions. We had a great breakfastWe came here for breakfast on a recent trip to New Orleans. There was no wait on a weekend morning and the service was friendly. The table shared a plate of aebleskivers with lemon curd- soooo good! Sweet and delicate. I had the prosciutto toast with egg and I can't remember what my dining companions had but everything was delicious. Would definitely recommend.This was probably the best breakfast place we have been to in a while. We got the aebleskivers with nutella which melted in your mouth.  I got the prosciutto and brie crepe which was so delicious and perfrctly made. My husband got the ratatoullie toast with fried oysters which was a special that day and it was mouthwatering. The grits were so creamy and the fruit was as fresh as it could be. The staff was extra friendly and welcoming. Our waitress was Nancy and she was amazing!!! Def plan to go back and bring more people!!Having been to the Laurel Street location on about 6 separate occasions, I decided to check this location out. Parking can be an issue, as they have no dedicated lot, and they are located in a mainly residential area near the racetrack. I showed up on a Saturday, in the middle of the morning, and boy, they were packed.
There are a couple of tables set outside, but they are on a busy section of street, and I can imagine a lot of dirt gets kicked up and could get in the food being served. The entrance is narrow and there is not much space to move around in the entry to the restaurant. I was a party of 1, and had to wait for a spot at the bar to sit, as there were groups at every table, and groups waiting for tables. The chair was too low and I felt like a child, and that I could almost set my mouth to the plate and scoop in the food. It was more than kind of uncomfortable.
I asked the server if the biscuits were the same as they were at the Laurel Street location, and she stated that she had never been there before and did not know. I got a biscuit (because I love the ones from the Laurel Street location) and the banana nutella crepes and a glass of water. There were no refills on the water, the biscuit was not like the others and was hard. I did like the crepe, it was hot and fresh.
I was waiting to finish this review as I was trying to decide if I wanted to give a second chance. My initial (and only) visit was on December 10, and I just haven't been able to convince myself to return. The restaurant itself is neat and clean, just small and not enough service. I was pleasantly surprised at how clean all of the surfaces of the tables and the floor was. The restaurant was very well lit with natural light. I would have liked a refill on the water, or the waitress to ask how I was doing. But, in the end, I had to ask to pay as I waited about 5 minutes after my plate was cleared and the check was not brought to me. Again, I know they were busy, but I don't have much time to waste.We enjoyed brunch. I of course got the Chicken and waffles. He got the blueberry French toast. It was good. A little crowded. Service was decent. Food was very good. There actually wasn't any wait. We sat at the bar area. Mimosas were a must try.Typed in brunch on yelp and this place pulled up closest to my house. Man am I'm glad we stopped in. Food was amazing! The mimosas were strong & the staff was super friendly. Definitely would recommend for anyone in town looking to have a nice brunch!Toast came highly recommended by one of our Uber drivers, who said it was a great neighborhood diner mostly frequented by locals.
On our last morning in New Orleans before heading to Cajun country, we stopped by Toast. 
The restaurant was nearly full but there was one table left for us before a line started forming. 
I ordered a Southern specialty, chicken and waffles. It came with a cayenne butter and real maple syrup, not the sugar water that contains a thimbleful of real syrup in a whole bottle.  
The chicken was tasty, as was the waffle. 
Service was friendly. 
I was glad we stopped here. It came as advertised by our drive. Great recommendation.Absolutely in love with this place! I wish they have one here in Boston. One of my girlfriends and I wanted to go for brunch, and this little gem was just a couple streets down from the place we were staying. The staff and our waitress was excellent! Super attentive and checked on us just enough times. The overall aesthetic of the place was also super comfy and enjoyable. 
The food is also crazy delicious and plating is done beautiful as well. We got nutella and banana crepes, a order of avocado toast, breakfast sampler, one order of abeleskivers (puffed pancakes), and mimosas!! Everything was perfect and wish we had visit one more time before leaving NOLA. 
Water rating: five stars, there's a pitcher there for you to serve yourself and is able to get a refill even without asking. 
Food/drinks: five stars
Overall service: five stars
Definitely recommend!!I got the prosciutto and brie savory crepe, which was a bad choice. It was way too cheesy (I didn't know that was possible), but it was completely my fault since I picked one with a cheesy cheese like brie. The prosciutto also made for a quite salty experience. However, every last bite of the other dishes (and drinks) was amazing, and I know if I don't get that same crepe next time, it'll be a 5 out of 5 experience. The aebelskivers with lemon curd really saved the day for me. I'll definitely get those again. Also, the BLT and fried oyster toast special were to die for. I'm really ready to go back and let this place redeem itself from my bad decision. I'll update my review when I do!Went to Toast on Gentilly for the first time today.  Absolutely fantastic!!!  Got there at 8:30 so there was no wait. There was a wait when we left at 9:45. Cute small place, warm hospitality, amazing food! I had the Ham, Tomato and Gruyere Crêpe with the Greens. My friend had the Mushroom, Spinach and Chèvre Crêpe with Greens. She also had a side of a creamiest grits I've had in a while. Both crêpes were equalldelicious, and we each had leftovers to take home. To start, we shared an order of the Aebelskivers with homemade lemon curd and Nutella...OMG!  Little round puffs of pancake heaven! I also had a delicious cappuccino that I enjoyed so much I had a second.  My server was warm, the atmosphere is friendly and neighborly with other diners making suggestions for you. It reminded me of one the reasons I love my city so much! Thank you to Toast! You are a welcome addition to our neighborhood and I wish you much success!My friend and I came here on a Sunday morning and had a 20-minute wait for a table of two. The service was fantastic; our waitress was so friendly and attentive that I immediately felt right at home.
My friend and I both got savory crepes - I got the Gruyere and Herbs, and my friend got the Mushroom, Spinach, Onion, Peppers, and Goat Cheese, but substituted brie for the goat cheese. Both crepes were so tasty, and the portions were enormous!
The crepes came with a choice of fruit or green salad as the side, and both my friend and I got the green salad. The salad came with a delicious vinaigrette and was a great fresh element on the plate to help cut the richness of the crepe. We also ordered a side of Lyonnaise Potatoes, which were so creamy that they melted in your mouth.
Definitely check out Toast - excellent service, incredible food, and great prices!In town from Chicago for a bachelorette party. We were recommended this place and the food looked amazing on line. So we decided to check it out. Super cute spot, nice people, would recommend going on their wait list thru yelp as there was a wait prior to arriving. We ordered bloody Mary's and mimosas both were delicious and at a great price! We ordered the smoked salmon toast, banana and Nutella crepe, omelet and much more and everything looked and tasted delicious!!! I did have a slight issue with my order and they were very nice and accommodating and removed it from my bill! Would absolutely recommend.Ah, Toast. I love everything about you.
Your abelskivers (basically like little pancake balls with powdered sugar) are the stuff dreams are made of. I paired mine with the lemon curd dipping sauce (as well as with some of the raspberry sauce that was out on each table), and my taste buds seriously died and went to heaven.
Your bacon is perfectly thick with just the right amount of smokiness. Ahhhhhh, so good.
You have adorable free beer koozies (at least, I hope they are free... 'cause we definitely all took ours home).
Your waitstaff is prompt, friendly, and willing to make customization (every person at our table customized their order in some way and yet - miracle of miracles! - everything came out precisely as ordered!)
You have a menu that makes people want to come back day... after day... after day - just to try it all. Of the group I was with, every person raved about their meal. As in, folks were literally just one step away from writing poems about the delightfulness of their meals. I heard from my dining buddies that the Tuesday taco special was out-of-this world and that the dessert crepes were life-changing. There was a point at which the amount of raving that was happening about this place by our group (after our meal) was getting to be a little excessive... but I could not disagree with anything being said.
Toast, you have won my heart. I eagerly await the day that you and I are reunited once again.I walked up to the door about 15 minutes before close and an employee ran to the door and slammed the "CLOSED" sign around. Then the employees all started shouting, pointing and laughing. What a terrible experience for a woman, traveling alone in a new city. They should be ashamed. What an embarrassment to the otherwise great city of New Orleans.
I have read your response and I can assure you the time on my iPhone was correct. I stand by my review.Incredible. This was the best breakfast I have ever had. I'm from Utah, and this was our last day in New Orleans, and it was definitely one of the highlights. The chicken and waffles made me wanna die in the best way ever. Also, that avacado toast and the pancake balls were next level. 100% yes. Don't miss out on the best b-fast you've never had.Excellent food and service. I got the waffle BLT. It's not on the menu anymore, but you can still ask for it. Prepare to get a little messy. ONLY suggestion I have, is crank up the AC for us California visitors lol. Everything was delicious. Other plates on my table were the Hanger Steak, avocado toast w/egg, and a ham omelette. All were great!Visiting from NY, stopped here on our way to Houston! This was recommended by a friend of a friend. I had the bacon onion crepe and my friend had Brie crepe. Both came with a fruit salad or green salad. The food was absolutely delicious and our waitress was very pleasant!