Do not eat here,  it's not good. Staff didn't seem to care and the food was very overpriced. Seafood Alfredo was bland and runny and the  lasagna was mediocre. Very unimpressed. Seriously,  don't waste your time and money.Great food and atmosphere.  We got to eat on the balcony and had a great time people watching between courses.  
My wife had the Chicken Parm and I had the Tuscany Chicken.  Both were perfectly cooked and the flavor was great.  The Bananas Foster was to die for.  
I am glad that we ignored the other reviews and decided to try it.With all the amazing food in this town this place should be ashamed to serve its mediocre fare.  Poor service, overdressed salads, pasta my grandchildren could make better. Don't waste your money eating here!All the hot food was cold, and all the cold food was warm. Our table of 6 was one of two tables in the place and we still waited 25 minutes for our first course.  The "special" was a two or three course prix fixe menu, which 4 of us opted for 3 courses... The portions were embarrassingly small, even our server apologized when he put down a veal Marsala "entree" the size of a silver dollar with about 5 strands of pasta. Soft drinks were not free refills, yet the wait staff refilled them freely.  Stay away from this place,they seem to be on their last legs.The Decider is breaking his normal policy of sticking to reviews of restaurants in Los Angeles to provide a description of Tony Moran's in New Orleans.  Ate here recently while in town on business (it was not my choice of restaurant) and really had no clue as to what I was in for because, alas, there was no prior review of Moran's on Yelp.  So I'm hoping to make sure some other sucker doesn't get put in a similar spot in the future.
Located on Bourbon Street in the heart of the French Quarter, Tony Moran's is a typical overpriced tourist trap of a restaurant that you should avoid at all costs.  The cuisine is Italian, but aside from the general fact that you shouldn't come to Bourbon Street jonesing for Italian food, this place can't manage to plate a decent dish.  We had some appetizer with fried disks of eggplant, which tasted of spoiled oil and spoiled breading.  Just disgusting.  They also use that COSTCO type shredded parmesan cheese that never really melts and is just undescribably lazy and nasty.  Someone at the table ordered chicken parmesan and the nasty cheese was on top of that too.  I tried to play it "safe" and ordered a linguine with shrimp, garlic and olive oil.  The thing comes out swimming in oil.  Nobody approaches the table to offer some fresh grated cheese or even some pepper.  With entrees priced at the touristy $20-$35 bucks, you'd expect and deserve more.  This place needs a major overhaul.  On top of it all, the service was incredibly slow.  You're better off just eating at the Hustler club across the street.  At least the results will match the expectations.
Given all that's happened in New Orleans in recent years, I really hate bagging on any business that's still open there and still trying to make a run at it.  But that's still no excuse for being this lazy about one's menu and having a kitchen seeminly not try to be respectable.  There's far too many better restaurants within a block of Tony Moran's to get away with such a mess here.  So reluctantly, the Decider suggests going elsewhere for dinner...try the ACME Oyster House around the corner, it's much better.The worst experience ever In a  restaurant , they didn't have a clue of what they were doing 
The food was bad ,service awful 
Don't go there it's a tourist trapThe setting is lovely. The piano player was attentive and fun. The chicken parm and eggplant were delicioso!!STAY AWAY! This place is so bad I can't do it on my phone. I will post a review once I get home from vacation. Save your money, time and stomach! I recommend the hot dog venders over this place. Just STAY AWAY!Worst service. I had to personally take our server by the arm twice to get our check. We wanted to buy a drink for a lovely retired woman at the table next to us but the bills got so confused I'm not sure the woman was charged for her own gifted drink! All of the servers, the host and the bartender seemed overwhelmed by their customers but the place was less than half full and we were patient. We only got a round of drinks and it took us over an hour to leave.This restaurant is truly as good as it gets. If you want something that everything on the menu is thought out and never repeated you will enjoy this place. My friend and I walked in and met the head chef he, along with his staff prepared a wonderful meal for us. the wine selection was fabulous and the food was unique to Italian, with a New Orleans influence. (please note the negative reviews are prior to this restaurant changing management) I encourage you to give this place a try and truly let the staff know what you want and you will be pleasantly surprised.I only give it 3 cuz I didn't have a meal. But I had an appetizer and wine. My calamari was delivered promptly and not too hot to burn my mouth but not cold to make me question it's freshness. I also came in at 11 when they supposed to be closing and they kindly took us. 
My server was cool it's not he stopped and chat but that's ok I was trying to chill anyways. It's nice and quiet and the ambience was real rustic and relax. 
Next time if I were to come back to New Orleans I wud give a meal a try!One of the worst meals I have had in a long time.  I ordered one glass of Chianti, one house salad and veal parmesan.  Total bill, before tip, was $49.  The salad dressing was bland.  The bread was stale.  The veal was unbelievably tough -- as if the tendens were snapping with every bite.  The sauce was nothing to rave home about.  Stay away!  Stay away!  Hell, you are on Bourbon Street, go anywhere else on that or parallel streets and you'll  find better.  I promise.After five days of DELICIOUS local meals on the French Quater Restaurants, on our last vacation day, my husband and I decided to have an italian dinner at Tony Moran's Restaurant on Bourbon Street... BIG MISTAKE !!!! PLEASE, STAY AWAY FROM THIS "RESTAURANT", if you can call it that !!!!
The WORST MEAL EVER in our lives..... From stale bread ( no butter, because they ran out of it...I know, because I ask for it...) , mixed salads with rotten leaves in it, mixed up entree orders and when they came out, the chicken was undercooked and pasta was overcooked... Overall.... Expensive and a disaster!!!!
There're plenty of EXCELLENT Restaurants to go to, like Oceana, The Bombay Club, Broussard's, Crescent City Brewhouse, etc......
You'll love New Orleans, just don't ruin your staying going to" Tony Moran's Italian Restaurant ".yes! bourbon street is up & running!
ate dinner here recently. wonderful lamb with fresh, steamed asparagras & cajun seasoned rice. excellent!
my dinner mate was in from Mexico City and chose pasta which was also quite yummy - we'd done the n'awlins food thing & she was ready to try something else.
the night scene on bourbon street was a hoot - full of people having fun. lots of lights, lots of interesting places.
i hope gustav didn't make any dent in the revelry, after the fact...
www.savenolanow.comI enjoyed the food very much, the servers were very nice and quick. Loved the view! Will definitely come back.Stopped in for a mere dessert, and with the service they offered you'd have thought we were the president and first lady. Our seating was on the balcony overlooking bourbon st. This would normally be a turn off, but the balcony is considerably higher off the street than others, so it still allowed for a nice break for my fiancée and I. I would highly recommend this place and I definitely plan to return.Alright, so this wasn't at all our first choice for dinner. Our first choice laughed at us, said, "Sorry. We're booked.", and threw us back into the street. We tried another place.."One hour wait." To that, our tummies replied, "Eff that man, I'm hungry NOW."
And so we stumbled upon Tony Moran's. And they were very welcoming. They seated us up on the second floor, where it was pretty empty except for one other super loud (you know, super drunk) party. We didn't mind..Heck. This is Bourbon Street, right?
So. It's been about two years since I've been here, and I can't, for the life of me, remember what we all ordered. But we ordered some delicious pasta. All of us tried each other's dishes, and loved the food. No complaints here. And the bread was served warm. Bottom Line: we were all very satisfied with what we got.
What truly warmed our hearts was the service here. Actually, all around New Orleans, everyone was super nice and on hand. We timidly asked if we could stay after our meal and hang out at the balcony to do some major people watching and beads throwing. They smiled and said, "Of course!", and even offered to go down to the stores to buy more beads for us. Seriously. Really great service.
And so, we hung out at the balcony, throwing beads at everyone that worked for em. I have to thank Tony Moran's for one of the most memorable times in New Orleans. Truly!The food is bad - the gumbo is watery, salty and tastes like a supermarket mix, and the "fra diavlo" sauce tastes like nothing more than catsup and pepper. The place is a dump and the bathroom disgustng. To add insult to injury, the prices are high like fine restaurants with good food. If I could have, I would have rated it a "0".
I am glad to see they closed; this place was the worst ripoff in New Orleans!Got best seat in the house on a not busy Sunday night--the corner table on the balcony! Had a delicious blue cheese bread app and a free amuse-bouche of their version of "cheese fries"--yum. I had the penne and spicy sausage--all housemade and excellent. My friend had a great smoky tasting penne Alfredo. Our waiter Houston was awesome too. It was almost completely empty so we were worried but it was truly wonderful. Houston did mention a new chef so maybe that's why so many previous bad reviews?Its kind of sad that a nice restaurant on Bourbon St with a view of the action downstairs would be so disappointing.  I actually felt bad for the people who work here because the place was totally dead at 10pm on a Saturday night.  We enjoyed sitting on the balcony and people watching but the buck stops here.  My gumbo was salty and the rest of the food was forgettable.  The service was slow but very friendly and accommodating.  Their hay days are over or so it seems.Bad service, bad food - but the balcony view of Bourbon street is amazing.  Our waiter had to ask for our order 3 times, still go it wrong twice and the food was awful.  The only thing that kept us at this restaurant is the great view of bourbon street from their balcony tables.  DON'T TIP THE HOSTESS - HE MAKES YOU THINK THEY DON'T HAVE TABLES AND THAT TIPPING WILL "GET YOU A TABLE" BUT ITS BULL.  Unless the view is important to you and there are no other options, AVOID this place.We stopped in for a late night dinner the week of NYE and the place was empty.  It was late so that was to be expected.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  He brought us beads to throw off of the balcony while we waited for our food.  I ordered a ceasar salad and a side of angel hair pasta.  The food was great!  My suggestion is to be very clear about your choices because even though I pointed to the side pasta on the menu, somehow I was still charged $16 for a full bowl of pasta.Wow?? I can't understand where all the very bad or the very good reviews come from? I ate there last night and was glad I didn't read the reviews first or I would have walked right by this place and not given it a chance.  The food was of good quality and tasty. The portions were large enough to feed a grown man. The price was about right, about $40 each which included cocktails and a couple glasses of wine plus dessert. I was turned on to the place by a patron outside smoking between courses. She said she had the 40 layer lasagna that was wonderful so I took a chance and it worked out well (though I opted for the spaghetti and meatball) for me.  The service was a bit slow and water glasses went un-refilled (is that a word?) But not slow enough that I reduced my tip. After paying my change was short $5, hopefully an honest error. I rated this place s a four star and would return anytime. Four stars may be slightly more then they should be rated but three stars may also be too low.Sucks, sucks, sucks.....oh, did I say that it sucks??  So bad.  Staff sucked.  Food sucked.  wine sucked.  Made the rest of my night suck as well.  Note to self...listen to Yelp reviews, don't have your friend choose the restaurant, and never go to an Italian restaurant in a place known for spicy creole food.  My mistake.Nicest waiter and bartender; gave us lots of tips and told stories about Hurricane Katrina. The food was very tasty; I had Lasagna and my friend Chicken Alfredo Pasta. Big plates and the bread was tasty too. So relaxing with lighter music than what is out on the street.Me and two friends came in for the chefs tasting... We had the veal chop , pork chop. Scallops with a cauliflower purée , ceviche  with crystallized ginger. Among a few other amazing items. It was AMAZING!!!! The waiter Conner was superb and chef  Octavio was truly passionate about his art that he presented to us... It was not cheap but worth more than every penny, if you haven't been. You're missing out on a wonderful New Orleans experienceI don't know what we were thinking when we decided to eat here. We were on Bourbon and hungry and noticed that there were 3 restaurants on the map nearby. We wandered over to check out the menu and some guy out front in a suit is telling me they are famous for having the best Fettuccine Alfredo. I busted his chops and told him it couldn't be any better than having Fettuccine Alfredo at the original Alfredo's in Rome. 
Obviously, I wasn't expecting it to be that phenomenal but I had higher expectations than the same stuff they serve at Olive Garden at 3 times the price.
3 people
2 appetizers
3 entrees
a round of drinks
over $150
I gave them a second star only because our waiter was the bees knees. He was also super helpful for "must sees" since it was our first time in the French Quarter. 
anyway, two days later we pulled into Denny's looking for something quick and cheap.
As we sat around the table with full bellies about to pay our bill, my friend asks:
 "is it sad that I enjoyed this meal much more than that place on Bourbon Street the other night?"
Yes, it was.My sister and I stopped in here needing a late night bite and needed an escape from the craziness of Bourbon street (not our scene!) I was torn between giving this place two or three stars, but my deciding factor is always whether or not I'd come back... and truth is, I would not. 
Our food was really just "meh" and did not feel worth the price. We both ordered a cocktail, and while they sounded great on the menu, they both fell seriously flat. I couldn't even finish mine.
Service was fine, but not overly friendly. I can't fault them for that though, I'm sure it takes a thick skin to work in the service industry on/near Bourbon street.I customized my pasta angel hair basil with blackened chicken it was amazing!! Must go, when you're there! I wish I could have some now, too bad I'm in NorCal where food sucks!My husband and I had dinner here on Thanksgiving 2014.  It was the worst meal we've ever had in New Orleans.  My husband's pasta with seafood was served cold and the spaghetti was hard as if had been cooked and left out where it dried up.  I had lasagna that was also served cold.  The lasagna had initially been overcooked, as the bottom layer of the lasagna was very difficult to cut through, even with a knife.
We are not fans of having our food returned to be heated, which is what the waiter offered.  Re-heating the horrible food would have done nothing anyway.
At the end of our meal, my husband's pasta was uneaten and the lasagna had been picked at.  When the bill came, we asked for some discount on the poor food.  The waiter returned, apologized and said all he could do was give us a discount on one of the meals because the owner was busy.  When I looked at the waiter in shock, he looked and me and said, "trust me, you've done real good with this."  What?!?!
If I could give a negative review, I would.Wow. Hard to say when every meal in new Orleans seems like your best.  But this one may be.  Redfish with a crawfish topping. Salads.  Tomato bisque soup. Just grand.  And you can't beat the setting.Worst swindle job ever!! We were so hungry and unfortunately let that dictate our decision. Menu looked ok and when we entered we were seated at a table with stain covered banquet chairs. Fortunately the lighting was so dark and I left my black light at home because I shudder as to what I did not see! We were not offered bread only garlic bread so we placed an order as well as our entrees. When we received our garlic bread it was very hard and not freshly baked. I ordered the Chicken Alfredo and it was sub-par and my wife ordered the puttanesca. It came with anchovies on top, however, the menu didn't list any fish components. My wife took her first bite after removing the anchovies and was sickened at the taste of the sauce. It was extremely odd tasting and she asked our server if it contained fish in the sauce and the server said no. My wife asked that the server to take it back. The server asked if she could bring something else and at that point my wife decided to just share my meal. I ordered another drink and received an liquor that was incorrect. Our server seemed extremely irritated with us both from that point on. We received our bill and the puttanesca was not taken off. We asked our server and she said the manager would not take it off. We also noticed that she rang in the incorrect liquor. I pointed it out and she said even though she rang it incorrectly she made sure it was correct. I can tell you it was not. We asked to speak with manager and the server seemed even more irritated. The manager shows up in a sweatshirt jacket (very professional) and proceeded to tell us that he would not take it and that he tasted the sauce and it was fine. We were upset at his sickening appearance and attitude. He said that people come in and fill up on bread and booze and then don't want the meal they ordered. I told him we paid for the four measly slices of old garlic bread, of which we only ate three between my wife and I, not to mention we were sober when we walked in, as we had just driven in from Houston and sober when we left!! After a considerable period of time arguing in the restaurant with other patrons overhearing because he was raising his voice at us, he left and finally took off the meal.... However, the bill was STILL $92!
Horrible first experience in New Orleans and we proceeded to express our disdain to the many other fantastic restaurants we visited. Do Not Go Here!!The food was really good but the service wasn't. They made us sit on the 3rd floor and we found out later that the 2nd floor had other options that they didn't even tell us about. The 3rd floor is also more expensive so ask for a specific floor if you're coming.I have to say I've NEVER done this before, but the experience we had here was so unbelievably AWFUL that I feel that people should know! I honestly cannot say one thing good about this place. First of all we asked for a table of 14 and they sat us at 3 different tables but next to each other (that part was our fault for accepting that) The table wasn't set, it took about 15 minutes for them to take our drink order, then another 15 minutes later they took our order (which was a disaster bc he couldn't understand a word we said) not to mention we still have not gotten our drinks at this point. We then got our appetizers, still no drinks! The appetizers were...edible I guess. And we got our drinks shortly after that (about 40 min after we ordered them) and then came dinner....about half of us got them, they looked and tasted like microwaved CRAP. Then about 15 minutes later we noticed trays of food by the kitchen door so one of us went over and it was our food! So we took them to the tables ourselves!! By the way, there was no waiter or bus boy in sight for all of this. Then we noticed we hadn't gotten 2 orders of mushrooms so they brought them to us and one of them got poured all over one of the girls, burning her arm. The waiter was apologetic and of course it wasn't on purpose, however it didn't help the already awful experience. At this point we were already looking to speak to someone about the fact that the service was unacceptable and how we had to serve ourselves! Finally someone came over, apologizing about the spilled food and we told him we wanted to speak to the owner.  He returned about 15 minutes later stating that the owner or manager, whoever it was, was "afraid" to come speak to us and said he will take off the mushrooms and one entree from the bill.  UNBELIEVABLE! He refused to speak to us?? We honestly thought that Ashton Kutcher was gonna run into the room and tell us we were being punked! You can't make this stuff up! DO NOT GO TO TONY MORAN'S EVER! IT SHOULDN'T BE ALLOWED TO BE OPEN FOR BUSINESS ON ONE OF THE BEST STREETS IN THE COUNTRY!HORRIBLE!! Do not go here if you want your money's worth! The meal was decent but the portion was not worth the price at all! Bad service ! Mad the "house bread" is a joke! It's dry and looks like a cheap pretzel ! Don't go hereGreat food! The steak was fantastic and perfectly medium rare. Topped with shrimp, mushrooms and a steak reduction to die for. The potatoes and veggie spot on. Desert, don't even get me started (best bourbon pecan pie ever). 
The service was also spot on and it is Southern Decadence weekend.The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because of the fantastic customer service. I stopped here a couple of years ago just out of curiosity. The host was incredibly friendly, the waitress was incredibly attentive to my needs. It was a clean and very beautiful restaurant.
Now for the bad part. I ordered the food which was not very good at all. The bread was very stale and the pasta I ordered was pure garbage. Of couse the bill wasn't something I wanted to see either. $52 for so called "food" not even fit for a dog, and that was before the tip!
In short great customer service! But very bad, over priced food.I am strangely taking comfort in the other poor reviews.  I was feeling guilty that I wasn't going to give a stellar review, and almost didn't, as I was there Christmas Day and figured that must have been why the place was "off."
I'm finally getting around to my Yelp reviews from the trip - and now that I see my experience wasn't unique, I've got to share!
We flew into NOLA Christmas Day.  It was cold and windy and we were HUNGRY!  It was lunch time, so we decided to walk the Quarter in search of food.  There was a huge line at Desire, and we wanted to be inside, out of the wind.  Tony Moran's was open, so we ventured in.
While the three of us agrees this was NOT what we had in mind for our first NOLA meal, we were happy to be out of the cold and wind, and the place looked pretty fantastic.
Service was horrible!  I think the servers went in back to draw straws to see who would have to take our table.  But first, they had to go find a store open to buy straws to draw!  It was well over 30 minutes before anyone greeted us, brought us menus or took drink orders.  I mentioned we were famished, and one of the bread baskets would be GREAT while we pondered lunch selctions.  Pity it took another 20 minutes for the drinks and bread to get to us!  
Companion 1 ordered the penne crawfish $24.00, companion 2 ordered the gumbo du jour $9.00 and would share our entrees.  I ordered the special - rib roast with potato and veggie, salad and chocolate mousse dessert $44.00.  C2 loved the gumbo (loved it until we had some at any other place through the trip, including the food court at Riverwalk, that is!), C1 thought the penne was great...I felt the cream sauce lacked any real character.  The veggies with my entree were fine.  Potatoes too salty.  The beef was okay...once I cut past the clearly burnt crust and gobs of fat.  I had maybe 4 ounces of edible meat.
$120 for three people for an OK at best meal.  Grrr.
The plus side - with this being our first meal this trip to NOLA, there was nowhere to go but up, Up, UP!If you're a party of two plan on having company, cause they are gonna seat you side by side (I do mean side by side) to the other parties of two. 
The tip is 20% mandatory on menu..... So don't question it, cause they will pull out the menu and show you the fine print. 
Don't eat Italian in New Orleans !!!!!Tony Moran delivers good food, but expect to pay double of what you would anywhere else--or should for that matter.
Me and four of my friends endured a slow service by what seemed to be the only server for the whole restaurant. The 1/2 pound meatball was remarkable. Fettuccini Alfredo was average. Lasagna was really good but the portion was way too small for $20.
They have the most comfortable chairs EVER to be found at Bourbon. We all fell in love with them since our feet were hurting from walking up and down Bourbon all night.Keep walkin! That's all I got to say about this place. Waste of calories,time,and moneyIf you want to feel like you're in a old mob movie then this is the place. You enter through the back door or from 'The Old Absinthe Bar' next door on Bourbon Street. Low lighting; candle lit and tables set up so you're assured a power sit facing the entrances.. Frank Sinatra bellows in the speakers and your waiter offers a sample from the kitchen, as he put it "To get the taste buds flowing". He offers to explain today's specials, however I declined because I only wanted a small bite I told him. I asked for the wine list and the menu. I ordered a glass of Pinot noir, half order of charred oysters and pesto shrimp appetizers. UNBELIEVABLE in one word. I finished, then the waiter offered to cup my wine to go, because after all this is New Orleans and you can drink on the streets. Again I declined and wanted to soak up the wonderful atmosphere and laughter throughout the restaurant. As I was about to exit two men enter in suits one is wearing sunglasses, scarf, and a cigar his mouth. The only thing I heard him say was "They call me..." And I exited. The food and service was super and delicious, but what do I know I only travel world and is paid to do so.We ordered two meals to share with four people. We got the chicken fettuchini alfredo and another dish I can't remember. Both were very good but the fettuchini alfredo was the best. We also ordered the garlic bread which was SO yummy! What a great little restaurant inside. It's very old and we loved looking around. I did think it was weird that there is a sign on the stairway that you are not allowed to take pictures. My daughter and her friend wanted their pictures taken on the very pretty old stairs but an employee came and told us that this wasn't allowed. No idea why this is and we were disappointed. Other than that, the staff was very nice and helpfulhad a great view up on the balcony. server was very friendly. they were out of lasagna, which i thought was kind of strange. food was alright, was a pleasant overall experience but nothing memorable.Got roped in by the street accoster. Figured, might as well try it. Visiting from Houston and all. Nice little balcony at the top. Wine selection not very good; low number of choices. Waiter gives specials and mentions some issues: no lasagna. An italian place out of lasagna? And they are out of fresh tea. Why can't you just brew some more?
Cesar salad was pretty good but extremely small portioned for price. My $19 chicken fettuccine alfredo was 2lbs of noodles, a pint of sauce and about 2oz of chicken. I need my protein. Her giant meatballs were super giant and decently tasty.
No desert. One glass of wine + tip = $60. Not really worth it. "Meh. I've experienced better." describes this place just right.This place is a breath of fresh air (literally), on what is an otherwise very unattractive street.   Coming into here simply as an escape from the stumbling drunks, loud obnoxious people and pervading scent of urine and vomit, is a good idea just by itself.
Thankfully, once inside, I found the service and food to be rather exceptional.  I did not go to Bourbon St. looking for Italian food, but once I starting eating, I was glad to be there.  The breadsticks are great.  The best breadsticks I have ever had.  The drinks are very nice, and the main course was certainly the best Italian I have experienced.  It's almost strange to find a place this good, with such a high quality atmosphere and overall dining experience located right in the sewer that is downtown New Orleans.
If you ever find yourself wandering down Bourbon street, getting accosted by prostitutes, and thinking to yourself "I'm hungry", or "How do I get out of here?", stop by Tony Moran's.  They will treat you like family, even if you are not Italian.The service from Brian was impeccable, the host and bus boys were so friendly, the food was amazing and quick. I definitely would eat there again. I loved the puttanisca and my boyfriend ate his veal piccata in a frenzy.Upmarket Italian fare with authentic spices and live music. Attentive staff and good vibe. Highly recommend.I give a one star because there is not an option for negative. But in all fairness- the doorman was awesome and generous. As far as the food- worst meal ever. My pan seared fish tastes boiled and covered with canned crabmeat, many imitation. My partner ordered a steak which may have been brought in from nearby Perkins or Waffle House. Asked to be prepared medium, it came well. When insisted by doorman to return it an get a new steak, we caved. In the meantime the manager came and asked what the problem was and insisted the steak was medium. He begrudgingly sent a new one that was going to be medium rare. Waffle House chef sent it out medium well. 
In all, disgusting.First time reviewing I was so upset. I've been a server so I'm very lenient with any judgements, but every aspect of this restaurant was low class but the price ($20 a plate). . .
The table was small, wobbly, and had paper for a table cloth. Our chairs were folding chairs. The complimentary bread was probably made days ago because it was like eating wood chips. The server couldn't be bothered to stop by more than once every twenty minutes, which is only slightly upsetting if it's a packed house, except that there were four waiters and five tables.
Then, finally, the food. It wasn't terrible, but for $20 lasagna, it should be better than a five dollar stouffers frozen dinner, and it wasn't. It came out in a microwave dish and the meat on the inside was pink. In New Orleans there are a hundred better restaurants. Save yourself the money and disappointment. You'll get a better Italian dish at Fazzolis for crying out loud.If you are looking for a little hide away on Bourbon Street and some serious pasta, drop into Tony Moran's. They offer lots of basic Italian options - the Chicken Parm was fabulous. My only reason for not offering the 5 stars was the staff was a tad "testy" when we first arrived. Plus being tourists, we don't want or have a place to store leftovers, so two of us decided to share a meal, which seems to seriously upset our waitress. Kinda silly I think, especially since we did tip will to cover only 3 meals for a table of 4. She did warm up after a bit - but it did start things off on a sour note. Still worth trying if you are tired bourbon street and looking for a decent sit down meal.Tony Moran's / Tony Moron's
We love New Orleans and crave its amazing food.  We have been going to that fine city over many years and have never had a bad meal or bad service - until last Wednesday night. 
It started with the immediate realization that our youngish waiter was poorly trained at best.  When my husband ordered a glass of Cabernet shortly after being seated, he brought him a glass of white wine.  We explained to him that a Cabernet grape is a red varietal - he wrote it down and appreciated the help.
Then we came to learn that both our entrees were inedible. For $22 and $24 pasta dishes, one should expect good to superior quality.  There was no flavor, the protein was not fresh and an unfriendly odor seemed to be rising from my clams - at least I think it was the clams.  My husband's shrimp was of equal poor quality.   Once our plates were taken away with only a few bites consumed from each, the waiter never thought to ask if something was wrong or send over the manager.  So I asked him if the manager was on duty.  He said yes, and hurried to get him. 
Minutes later the  manager came over to the table and said with ice in his tone, "What can I do for you?"  When I  shared with him our thoughts about the meal he said "Well, I tasted both of them before they left the kitchen and I didn't think anything was wrong."  I suggested that he extend us the courtesy of adjusting the bill to provide one gratuitous entree.  He refused, turned and walked away.  Not only will we not return to that restaurant but we will never spend another dime in any establishment owned by Rue Bourbon Entertainment LLC.For Bourbon Street it's a great environment. Small, casual about 900 ft.² in the dinning area. Food was spicy, ( good thing), prices are about 25% higher than expected.but delicious. I had the linguini and clams.
About 12 - 4 tops in restaurant
Far better than the fried foods and pizza and daiquiris that are available on bourbon StWhat a gem of a restaurant in the french quarter. We liked it so much we searched for it three years later when we went this summer. A little tucked in on bourbon st but well worth looking for. Intimate and charming with a wonderful little courtyard. Great Italian dishes like you would find in little Italy in New York. Don't forget to tip well in New Orleans. One of the states that regulates service jobs to $3.17 min wage!Terrible!  Tourist trap with bad food and bad service.  Even the bread was cold.    The salmon smelled funny, like it had gone over and they still served it!Seeing as there are only 3 reviews on this place, I contemplated not even taking the time to write one, but.....it is SO bad that I just have to.
I was in New Orleans for a work convention and my coworkers and I decided we wanted to eat somewhere nice but not too fancy. Somehow we chose Tony Moran's because the menu seemed decent and it was close to our hotel.
To enter the restaurant you must first walk through the accompanying bar called The Old Absinthe House. I truly wish at this point we had become lost and given up, but no, we made it to the back and 'voila', Tony Moran's! OK, so the ambiance was nice, candle light and table cloths. I thought we were in for a nice meal. 
The second our waiter came over and opened his mouth, I knew it was going to be bad.  He rambled off the specials and at one point said "We have a very nice baby veal tonight". Cue the giggle from me and someone else at the table. The waiter paused, looking perplexed, and asked if he had said something wrong.  When we realized he hadn't been joking, we kindly explained that ALL veil is baby cow so it is oddly redundant to say "baby veal". After reviewing the menu and noticing the typos (come on really?) I settled on the Fettuccine Alfredo and a shrimp cocktail app. My shrimp was actually served hanging off a martini glass, which I found tacky, with some soggy lettuce smothered in generic from-the-bottle cocktail sauce. Yuck! I couldn't even finish it and there were only 4 SMALL shrimp to be had. 
After the disaster of the appetizer course, our main entrees arrived. (Remember I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo) As he is setting down my meal the waiter says  "Linguine Marinara". Seriously? The sauces aren't even similar, at least TRY to get it right. Anyway, one person had the chicken picatta which was good, but another had the most generic looking 'meatball and sauce'. Yes, MEATBALL, a giant ball-o-meat atop a mound of pasta. My friend next to me ordered the Tuna cooked rare, so naturally it came out well-done. And the strangest part was it is was served on top of pesto AND marinara sauce. It looked like the "chef" had changed his mind half way through plating the thing!! Oh and the grilled veggies were so peppery that she actually coughed while trying to eat them!
Tony Moran's claims to be "famous" for their Alfredo, the only thing that should be famous about this is how bad it is. I expected a creamy cheesy sauce blanketing my noodles, taking me to saturated fat heaven. This is NOT what I had. I don't even think what I had could be classified as Alfredo. You know how Fettuccine Alfredo leftovers look the next day? Kind of clumpy? This is what I was served, and for $19!?
Ugh, then to top off a terrible meal it took almost 35 min for our waiter to divide up our check and swipe our cards. He apologized so many times through out the meal for random things that we decided Tony Moran's new slogan should be "Sorry about the delay folks!".
Please do not be fooled by this place. It is a crappy restaurant posing as upscale dining.Of the several places we ate at during our week in New Orleans, this was the most disappointing.  The appetizer bread rolls were very dry, obviously not prepared from scratch.  My iced tea was murky, with that off flavor of tea that's a day old (how do you mess up tea?).  I asked for another, but it was slightly less worse.  The entrees took a while to arrive and were very disappointing.  The shrimp was bland and uninspired.  
I really wish we had eaten elsewhere.Very disappointing . Ordered pasta primavera which came with no vegetables in the dish-just sauce and pasta. Instead of fixing it, the waiter argued and then offered to bring vegetables. He brought a plate of cauliflower which tasted like it had been boiled in salt water. Then he charged for the veggies and only took it off after another discussion. One of the worst meals I've had in NOLA!Just returned from New Orleans and we are so glad we stopped by Tony Moran's. The food was delicious and service was most excellent. We hope me make it back and we will definitely recommend to anyone we know who visits this great city. Good luck to you, you don't deserve any bad reviews.The place was OK, not bad and not great. Don't expect too much and you will not be disappointed. Service was very nice and the view was good too. It was the end of our trip and we were looking for a little Italian fare as we had been eating nothing but good seafood all week. We looked at a few places on Yelp and saw some great reviews but the menus turned us off. It was a lot of "different" Italian dishes and much of it was seafood. Tony Morans had the more traditional menu. We live in NYC and eat a lot in Brooklyn, Staten Island and Manhattan so good Italian is easy to find. 
The place was almost empty and there was someone out front trying to draw us in but we had already decided to go and made a 7:30 PM reservation not knowing how crowded it may be. In spite of that, we went in and sat down. We got a great seat overlooking the street. I believe they sat us there so that was we had a good view but also people outside would see diners eating at the empty restaurant. The waiter was great, nice guy who knew a little about the historic building. He was attentive but not pesky. The food came out a little too fast which worries me but it was OK. Not the best, not the worst. My wife had Chicken Parm and I had spaghetti "buffa ballo". It was supposed to be a huge meatball and a house specialty. It came as 2 smaller meatballs and I didn't ask why. It was decent. I NEVER order meatballs out but since it was a recommendation of from the server, I tried it. My wife's linguine was al dente and the chicken was good. It was a little pricey but compared to NYC, nothing too bad. Some of the reviews said it was expensive but I am not sure where there normally eat?
I had a 2 glasses of the house cabernet and my wife had a concoction made with Prosecco. Would we go back next time we go to NO? Maybe but it wouldn't be my first choice by any means.So the food here is nothing to get excited about, but the balcony is awesome. We sat up top and people watched and that was worth the $100 of food and drink we ate while we did.
The server was really great and super sweet, but I had the steak and it wasn't that great and the hubbs had undercooked pasta that was ok and since he was pretty tipsy he was happy with it.
We  will probably go again just to have the same view, but probably just over a bottle of wine and not food.I ate here twice to give it a true chance to impress me. I left both times feeling overcharged and not quite impressed. I actually can't recommend eating here at all, not that the food was bad, it just wasn't good enough for the prices that they demand. $22 for a chicken alfredo?! Really? I would place the quality of the food on par with an Olive Garden. I had the spaghetti and meatball, and while the pasta and sauce tasted ok, the meatball was as hard as a rock. Bread was good with olive oil and balsamic. I will say the service was fast, and they kept our drinks filled. The second time we went, I had the chicken alfredo, and my friend had the chicken parmesan. The alfredo was as bland as the sand on the levy, but the chicken parmesan was ok, but the pasta with the chicken was undercooked. We had a beer, and two soft drinks along with a creme brûlée, and our bill was $64! For this price we could've eaten at a way higher quality restaurant somewhere else.
That being said, the redeeming quality of this place is the historic inside, and cute little courtyard in the front of the building. Pair that with a eat-on balcony overlooking Bourbon Street, and it does warrant a visit, albeit only for drinks.Found Tony Moran's as we were coming out of our hotel. We decided to eat before heading out to the bars. Everything we had was great. Loved the balcony. The lasagna was excellent. The waiter was very friendly and helpful about what to see. Been 2 years, wish I remembered his name. Will definitely go back next month when I'm there. Just about to recommend to my cousin who's there now.haven't been here in awhile but I remember it being delicious. and I remember we went back a few times when I'd go down there to visit my mom. yummy good Italian.First review since joining Yelp. Was at this restaurant in January. Very dissapointed in all phases of this place. Food was below average and service was slow. Very slow. Restaurant was very dark and we could barely see what we were eating. 
With all of that the biggest problem was the girl behind the bar. First she was yelling things out from behind the bar to no one, and couldn't understand what she was saying anyway.  Next the waitress gave her my credit card to run, which took about 20 minutes. Seemed shady until I made a loud complaint to our waitress. She explained that the girl wasn't feeling well. Personally I think she was on drugs. 
Will be back to New Orleans in August but definitely not to this placeWas there on our last night in NOLA, server was very nice and understanding but 1/2 the food was sub par. Got a salad and bread to start, was good. I ordered a pasta dish while my GF ordered a steak (Med), basically came out rare, sent back. We continued to share my pasta while we waited. Came back two more times still rare in the center, not pink RARE. Manager came out told him the issue, half-heartedly apologized. We said we didn't want steak a fourth time, he offered dessert on house, we got the Creme Brulee, came out with half the sugar carmelized on one side the other runny, inside was ice cold. Manager really could care less when we told him. Would not recommend this place to anyone, stay away!This place is the worst I've ever been to. The worst service I've ever had. Unreasonable price! Unfriendly service! We got NOLA late night and most restaurants are already closed. We walked on Burbon st. and went to this place only because they are still opened. I was soooo stupid! I should've wait for next day or try some junk food instead. I ordered chicken Gumbo but I figured out that it's way worse than one in Gumbo shop that I tried the next day. Waiters and everyone seem they wanna go home ASAP. This place won the title of 'The Worst Moment/Place' in our 13 days road trip!! Congratulation Tony Moran's!!Lasagna to die for!  So meaty and cheesy and seasoned perfectly! Hubby had veal scallopini and this was his first time to have veal and he loved it. The veal also had prosciutto on a bed of pasta. Great hot fresh bread served with balsamic and olive oil. Great atmosphere. And the service was great! The chef even checked with us and was so nice! Would definitely go back!
I don't understand why there are some not so great reviews, maybe they were having an off night.The food was too salty, they gave me a side dish of angel hair pasta that turned out to be tablespoon full, the manager said it was meant as a garnish really?? So she's willing to lose a customer over .50 cents of pasta??She wasn't very nice about it!! Will not go back!! Or recommend them!!It's on Bourbon St maybe we should have got drunk first.  Food was low quality for the amount we paid.  Wife and I each had a glass of house red, lasagne and our 3 kids had spaghetti side orders.  We spent over $100.  Lasagne was dry and not very tasty.  It's New Orleans.   You can do better than this joint.Came with three others and had a variety of pasta dishes worthy of three stars but I took one away because they ran out of bread. How can you eat pasta without bread?Biggest scam in New Orleans: Can you give a "Half-Star" ??? All I can say is WOW... and not the excited wow -- I mean the 'H-O-L-Y S-H-I-T !!!' kind of wow. Seriously, halfway through our experience there, I was joking with our group that this has to be another hidden camera prank or an episode for a new cable show to see how quickly they piss off a customer. I know it's probably my fault -- the whole caveat emptor deal for expecting good Italian food on Bourbon Street -- but really??? It actually was during the St. Joseph's Day parade festivities, etc. which included the Italian American Marching Club and other Italian themed floats, etc. -- so we thought, what the hell, we'll go with the spirit of the day and try the Italian food here. Ouch! We attempted starting off with salads but were told one after another that, "...Oh, let me see if we still have any of (this or that)..."; and then later on it was, "...ummmm, we're out of Diet Coke -- let me go next door and get you one..."; 20 minutes goes by. Nice. We were all a little concerned to ask for anything fancy at this point, so we voted to go for the safe bet & order a pizza: The guy scoffs at us and says, "Sir, we don't have pizza here -- perhaps you should go get a slice at Mango Mango." WTF??? OK, smart ass, how about Spaghetti w/ meatballs or Shrimp Scampi? 35 minutes later this shameful bastard walks up holding a plain brown bag from the freezer and announces that, "We only have frozen ones -- do you still want 'em?" Should I even go on at this point? Probably best to stop here and just reemphasize that if you have a real need to try Italian food in New Orleans, DO NOT get talked into Tony Morans. You'd be better off keeping the $100 in your wallet and getting a fat slice at Mango Mango ;o) But if you can't stomach that -- try Tommy's Cuisine, Maximo's, Irene's Cuisine or Frank's restaurant, etc.The ambience is nice and the service is good, but the food lacks flavor. My best friend and I ordered Chicken Tuscany and I could have easily made this dish myself. The price is too expensive for the presentation and taste of food.  I would not waste my time eating here unless you don't mind a lackluster dinner.I'm still trying to get rid of the after taste for 2 days!  The food was horrible!  Do not eat here!Came here at the recommendation of a local for while on a weekend vacation. I ate at Emeril's the night before and the food here easily rivals theirs.  The pene with sausage and the chicken roll were amazing! Spicy but sweet, well balanced and expertly crafted.  We got a chance to meet the head chef Octavio Ycaza after our meal and got a bit of the rich history of this place too, everyone there was so friendly! I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone, it appears they stepped up their game significantly since Chef Octavio took over in 2012.  Reading the past reviews this is a completely different experience.This restaurant was bad from the moment we walked in. The host was chastised by the waiter in front of us. Then we waited 30 min for the waiter to come over. He didn't ask us if we wanted water or drinks. We had to ask for them. He said "y'all ready to order". We waited an additional hour to get our food...which was wrong. We asked for bread while waiting and were charged for it. Do not waste your time or money.Looking for something other than seafood and cajun as we have had this a lot.
Food not bad but not great wine was good.
For Halloween night is served the purpose. Great waiter and service.Enjoyed our dinner. We were out late and went in about 10pm or so. 
Houston was our waiter. He was great! Great recommendation on wine to match our meal. Had chefs special. Salmon pasta dish and husband crawfish pasta bowl.  Mine was cooked and flavored great. Husbands had tons of crawfish tails. We truly enjoyed our food and experience.We stopped in after extensive drinking on Bourbon St and after discovering a 2 hour wait at Red Fish Grill. After sitting down and fumbling through a few Yelp reviews, it appeared as though we had made a big mistake. So, we quickly decided to just order a few drinks and some appetizers and then head elsewhere. 
I have to say, the appetizers were good... and I'm pretty sure it wasn't just the drinks talking. We had calamari, eggplant sticks and some fried, stuffed something or anothers... they were all good! They have a really good red sauce with a perfect sweetness, and they serve it piping hot, like it should be.
Even though we enjoyed the apps, we still opted to move along to another option for dinner. The restaurant was pretty dirty, had what seemed to be an untrained staff, and had a bathroom option of either walking up to the third floor, or using a repulsive bar bathroom on the first floor. I'd say their location on mucky Bourbon and its relative cheapness to nearby Arnaud's and Red Fish Grill is what keeps them in business. 
On a positive parting note, there was a nice lady in the restaurant playing the piano and singing... she was good with the crowd and helped to lighten the mood. 
BOTTOM LINE: Dirty restaurant on Bourbon St. Consume a few hand grenades before venturing in.Dammit!!! Two duds in one day?! 
We sat down and the upstairs was empty except for one other party. And only 2 out of 7 out of our group got their food. The rest have been waiting well over an hour. 
Over. An. Hour. I wish I was exaggerating. 
And the drinks took a really long time to get to us too. We asked for waters all around and those didn't come until we made several complaints. The excuse we were given was that they ran out of clean glasses...?
Our server (Nathan, who looks like Wiz Khalifa) is clearly trying his best, but the kitchen staff just isn't doing its job. I feel bad for the guy. He's got a good personality and he would be a decent server at a better establishment. 
I gotta say tho that the Puttanesca that I ordered was spectacular. I almost wanna give this place another star just because the food was so good. But I just can't. Not after the almost 90 minute wait and how revolting the bathroom looked. 
The food tasted great. I'm serious. Everything I ate here was delicious. But good golly the kitchen and whoever is in charge of mixing drinks needs to get their [act] together. Because the wait staff is going to catch the heat, every time. Even tho this royal screwup of an evening was a team effort. 
Management tried to make it up to us by offering us stuff. But that's not what we came here for. Came here to eat. Not for a handout. Free wine or desserts isn't gonna make up for the ridiculous delays.
If this restaurant was located in Dallas, it wouldn't last a day.