Went there for lunch today and shared a combo of falafel and eggplant with sides of baba ganoush and humus. For drinks we had the hibiscus-rose water which was very nice and not so sweet. Very refreshing. The food was good and I'll definitely come back for dinner time.With the plethora of Greek, Lebonese, and now Egyptian cuisine in New Orleans you really have to stand out to survive. Torshi does that with charm and great taste. I've only been twice because it's on the other side of town and there are 52 restaurants in a 10-block radius of my house. But whenever I'm in the Saint Claude neighborhood I make it a point to visit Torshi. Not only are the dishes healthy and delicious (so much so that I forgot to take a picture before I enjoyed my meal), they are served with a smile. Plus, the fresh juices are amazing, and they have the largest baklava I have ever seen and I loved it!Taking over the spot that once held by EMPANOLA in St. Roch Market Torshi is a welcome and delicious addition to an eclectic lineup.
They are serving a lot of your Mediterranean favorites but with an Egyptian twist. Staff is friendly and attentive, serving portions hefty and well priced.
The hummus and baba ganoush are a most have as are the gyros and shawarmas. 
On a hot summer day make sure to get the mint tea slushy it is ideal drink for our hut humming days.Very rare to find authentic Egyptian. The gyro platter was moist and humus was smooth. The hibiscus rose water was out of this world, very exotic and well balanced. Everything was made from scratch with true passion for the craft. The owner is a delight.Super fresh, delicious food. I got the falafel platter. The falafel was crispy and the sesame seeds were a great addition. The hummus & salad were equally good.It took nearly 30 minutes to get our food. We had to be somewhere and I was clearly upset that it was taking so long. The gentleman behind the counter picked up on my dissatisfaction, and was very apologetic that it took longer than expected. I did not ask for any recompense, but he enthusiastically insisted. I probably should have passed on his baklava offer, since we were already running behind, but I am glad that I accepted because it was delicious. 
All of the food was delicious. The staff, there was a lady hustling behind the counter too, were really committed to doing the best they could in the limited space that they have, and they were committed to my satisfaction. 
I will probably eat there again, but next the visit will be when I have more time to wait for the scrumptious food.Excellent hot, fresh and quick! The falafel were perfect combo of crunchy on outside and fluffy on the inside.Great Greek salad with gyro meat! Very fresh, the dressing was lemony-fresh and the gyro meat was delicious. Also, the staff is very friendly and welcoming.
While the food was fresh and tasty, prices did seem a bit on the steeper side. If I lived in the area by St. Roch Market, I would come by more frequently if it was a bit more budget friendly.I drive all the way from uptown to get some of their delicious hummus and baba ganoush. (Also the baklava was to die for) I was lucky to try their food their first week at St. Roch, and they were so gracious and excited. Their great service and food keeps me coming back! Try it and you won't be disappointed.Rafik just served me the hands-down best Shakshouka of my life.  Perfect sauce, full of veg, but not too chunky. Eggs done right; soft, fresh pita, smooth creamy hummus, and the pickles were perfect contrast to keep you going back for more.  Gotta go, gotta go back.This gem is worth all the praise! The food is unbelievable, and the staff go above and beyond.  Everyone was so helpful with very outgoing personalities. This spot will for sure stay high on my list of favorites.Best hummus in the world!  Seriously, the hummus, baba ganoush and Labna are amazing (the baba ganoush had a delightful smokiness) and the pita fresh and hot.  If I could eat here every day I would (I actually did while I was in town).  In fact we got tubs of everything to go when we left town.The best Mediterranean food I had in awhile. I didn't know what I wanted to try. I had a falafel platter and the falafel had an egg in it. So good! Never had that before and I'm so happy I tried it. I also got a Gyro to go, just couldn't pass that up. It was so much food! The manager was super nice and helpful. Will definitely be back!Was disappointed to find out the gyro meat comes from a box and the grape leaves are canned for 15$$. It tastes alright but I can't wrap my head around how it's supposed to be "homemade".The food is great, the owners are very nice and make an overall pleasant experience, the first time that I ate at the restaurant in the St. Roch market. Not so much for our return visit a few days later. Upon arrival, nary a soul was present at the booth, so we wondered to the attendants at the adjacent booth if the cookery was open for the day. The very attentive employee next door informed us that they were open for business, just that the sole person present was in the back reacquisitioning some necessary items. This was 5 minutes past 1, right in the middle of a lunch rush Tuesday, May 15.  Five minutes later, as we are sitting at nearby table awaiting our much anticipated meal, the employee returns, chomping gum noticeably from 20 feet away with a small serving bowl atote, clearly not anything substantial enough to leave an entire food booth unattended mid lunch rush. Next, we notice her donning sanitary gloves whilst manuevering her smart phone. Maybe the phone has been sanitized, maybe it was an extremely important call which could not wait...(sarcasm). At this point, it is clear that the initial experience that we had enjoyed at this foodery was not available at the current moment. Needless to say, we rerouted ourselves to one of the other 10 or so options serving the same food within a 2 mile radius. I understand that finding qualified and competent individuals to maintain the heart and soul of the intention of the passionate owner of a restaurant can be difficult, even moreso in a town with a pool of uneducated, lackadaisical people whose sole purpose for showing up at work is the paycheck. On the other hand, who you choose to represent your business reflects directly on the people in charge. Maybe we will retry and visit again next time we have a hankering, maybe not (Mona's fixed our craving), but if we do, it will be expecting much less, and with an expectation of being turned away before we even enter, ready to support another business.  This all makes me sad, because our first visit was fantastic! The food was great, the service was great!! It seemed like the owner was present..or at least someone who is capable of representing the goals the owner has set forth in their venture.This place is located inside the St Roche market. Amazing food and amazing service. We got a free baklava on the house so that just made it extra special. Kudos to the chef. The food is fresh and healthyThis is a great place to eat, enjoy your time with friends and family!! Torshi is amazing, tasty and affordabl!I really love the juices here. The green one especially is so refreshing and delicious, clearly made with fresh ingredients. XoxoxoMy friend and I got lunch from here on Sunday. It was excellent.
I was at first drawn in by the Egyptian cat statue on the counter. It was really cool. Then the friendly man at the counter, who we figured was the owner, gave us samples of his teas and juices. We looked over the menu as we tried his samples. (They were tasty. My favorite was the Lebanese Tea.)
We decided to split the Grape Leaves platter. It came with warm Pita Bread, Hummus and a choice of salad or rice. We chose the salad. It was all delicious. I am particular about Grape Leaves, and in general, I do not like most of them. These were warm and flavorful. The Hummus was outstanding. The platter portion was large and we were stuffed.
Next time we hope to try the Baklava.I cannot drive past St. Roch Market without stopping by to get something from Torshi's! I make everyone try this place!! 
My personal favorite is the rose hibiscus water - I just simply cannot live without it!! 
Baklava and the Gyro plate is also a very popular choice for my family. 
Nola is blessed with this food! I would give it a million stars if I couldExcellent authentic Egyptian food. Sample their juices - the hibiscus reminds me of my time in Cairo!  The King Tut breakfast is a generous portion of excellent hummus with perfectly crispy falafel wrapped around a hard boiled egg. The accompanying salad was also solid. With friendly service as well! Highly recommend!Baba Ganoush is wonderful.  Friendly employees!! The only problem is choosing what to eat.I must say this was an unexpected surprise!  The owner immediately offered me some tastings of his fresh drinks of mint lemonade and I believe a hibiscus one as well.  Yummy!
I am always looking for the best falafel, and here it is!  The were cooked fresh to perfection with toasted sesame seeds on top!  The crunchiness was just perfect, and the flavor was amazing!  I had a side of baba ganoush and hummus, and those were also packed with flavor!
I can't wait to go back!  I certainly recommend this place!I have celiacs and am vegan. They went ABOVE AND BEYOND to ensure my food was safely prepared. They gave me all fresh ingredients + prepared my food on a separate cutting board. The food was DELICIOUS + FRESH. The hummus was the best hummus I've ever had!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!I had the most amazing Shakshouka for breakfast! Some of the best food I've ever had.I came to St Roche Market surprised you see an Egyptian vendor. I'm glad I tried it because it was some of the best roasted eggplant and falafel that I've ever had. And I'm Egyptian so I'm experienced In this area lol. The owner is also super nice and had a long conversation with me about the business and his experience in NOLA. I'll def be coming back.Spectacular authentic Egyptian cuisine in a very nice public market setting. The owner made me a plate with fuul, falafel, baba ganoush and salad and it's positively crushing. Go here now.Amazing falafels and hummus. the gentleman is very sweet and the service is impeccable. hard to find better mediterranean food in this areaThis is a review for Torshi's new location on Frenchman, where Mona's used to operate. Everything was so tasty! We had falafel, labneh, the roasted eggplant entree with hummus and salad, and khoshari. Each dish was super fresh and flavorful. The roasted eggplant was crazy good. I'll definitely be going back regularly.
The chef plans on opening the market space back up eventually as a fresh food market, with Middle Eastern goods and produce/juice.This was my first time trying Egyptian food and that was exciting in itself. The food was incredible. The flavors were balanced perfectly and the gyro meat melted in our mouths.  We ordered the eggplant platter and a side of gyro meat. They also have fresh made drinks including mint lemonade and a hibiscus rose water. Next time I return I'll try the Egyptian peach iced tea. 
PROS: Gyro meat
            Roasted Eggplant 
            Rice
            Hummus
            Hibiscus Rose water
            Mint lemonade
            PricesWhere do I start! 
First the young man who owns the place is super thoughtful, super kind. He prepares your food like he is eating it! 
The upside bowl is sooooooooo good! Like one of the best Greek meals I've ever had! I could eat this twice a week! The eggplant and curry cauliflower is amazing! The chicken is seasoned so good too. I definitely recommend this place.Great tasting clean food made really fast, what else could you want? Amazing pita and dipping options. Everything was presented beautifully and seasoned well. We felt great after eating there.Excellent food. So refreshing after having heavy creole food. We got a veggie plate with hummus, dolmas, labneh, tahziki, babaghanoush, tabouleh, and a King Tut falafel, which was gigantic and has a hard boiled egg in the middle. The food is fresh and full of different but delicious flavor.I had the falafel wrap.  It was absolutely amazing.  So much flavor.  And the guy that runs the place is super nice.  This is my new favorite spot at St Roch market.Best falafel I have ever had!  Not too dry or oily. And I love they're mint lemonade.The baba ganoush here is fantastic!! I'd recommend them having an option for those who are gluten free and do not eat pita. Maybe celery, carrots, or gluten free pita? I had to get a salad on the side to eat the baba ganoush with something. But regardless of the slight inconvenience, I still enjoyed it.Enjoyed eating there last nite - it's mostly Mona's menu plus 5 Egyptian items' The 10 people in my party each ordered a different dish and 100% were happy. (Few know about Lebanon and they so can't compare - and it doesn't come up to Lebanon standards.) Chef came out to chat which was great - he is Egyptian. I had an Egyptian dish - pretty good - that's a sticky rice in the middle and the same items and sauce as Ethiopian. nothing is spicy. the eggplant appetizer is the phenomenal food item. Portions and platters are huge. about $25 a head with tip.TORSHI! Amazing food and the people who work here and super lovely. Definitely grab one of their signature drinks! The mango ginger will rock your socks offfffffFood is soooo good! 9/10 times I eat at st Roch market I order from Torshi. And the employees are always super sweet about adding something a little extra if you request it (like extra seasoning). Today the owner, I presume, even came out and brought us some dessert on the house after our meal.Great food and AMAZING tea!! Plus the service was OUTSTANDING! I went 2 days in a row and both employees were absolutly friendly, bubbly, and nice!!! Genuine people and food is soooo goood! Definatly vome back here if I'm ever in LA again!!!This place is brand new and it is fantastic. The hummus wrap is delicious and filling, the feta cheese is an amazing side, the drinks are fresh and cold. This is a nice change of pace in a city that is full of wonderful food places. 
The owner is amazingly friendly, and you can tell how happy he is to share his food with the world.
If you eat here, make sure that you are hungry. This food is filling and delicious. 
I will be back for sure.The best part of discovering the St. Roch Market was discovering Torshi Egyptian. I spent some time in Egypt some years ago, and this is the closest I've come in the United States to eating an authentic Egyptian meal. It's clear that the owner puts his heart and soul into the food he prepares, and it was worth every cent. My wife and I will go out of our way to come back here.BEST ROASTED EGGPLANT EVERRRRRRR. The eggplant dip at @torshi_egyptian_food is my absolute favorite! If you're at @strochmarket you've gotta get this dish. I know what you're thinking... eggplant? Seriously? You can't be that excited about eggplant! Well, I am  -
Torshi strives to serve amazing Egyptian food and their food & staff are so so so great!Such a delicious gyro wrap I had today. Really hit the spot. Very fresh! And this place is located in the coolest food market. Will definitely be back!!Located in the St. Roch Market. We didn't try any of the food here but we stopped to look at the juices and when we did the guy working there offered for us to try it. He went on to give us samples of each of the juices he offered such as the Mint Lemonade,   Egyptian Punch, Mango Ginger Lemonade, and Hibiscus Tea. All of them were very refreshing and really tasty. He also said that everything was made that morning and is made fresh daily. We got the Mango Ginger Lemonade in which has chunks of ginger in it, it was amazing other than the strings of the ginger.
I would definitely check this place out.GO EAT HERE! The chef is crazy talented (and a super fun guy to talk to). The babaganush and tzatziki are the best I've ever had. I'd also recommend the lamb thighs and the kibbie. They just moved to a new location on Frenchman Street. Fingers crossed they stay there, because it's walking distance to my house XDPros: Beautiful presentation. Great service - the staff member noticed that we were low on pita and heavy on the hummus left so he brought us extra pita bread at no cost. 
Cons: Very heavy on the tahini which gave our hummus a peanut buttery taste.Absolutely amazing food and friendly staff. Chef/owner stoped by our table, what a treat to end our evening. Thank youFirst of all, the person at the counter was super friendly! There were several samples of the drinks for us to try and when we couldn't make a decision he also told us we could mix two drinks together. All the flavours they had to offer had a unique refreshing taste to it. Something you won't have commonly tried. The mango ginger lemonade was a very good mild drink to have but when mixed with the hibiscus rosewater and mint lemonade respectively it was even better. The minty-ness from the mint lemonade gives the overall drink a pop to it which made the drink so fun while the hibiscus blend moulded together in harmonyThe reviews of this place are really good but I'm not sure how that's possible.  My husband and I came on a Saturday night and we were the only people there.  We got the spinach pie and hummus appetizer- the spinach pie was wrapped in something that was really bready and seemed microwaved- def not philo dough.  The hummus was pretty tasteless- not as good as grocery store hummus.  The hot sauce in the middle was good but that's about it.  Our falafel and gyro sandwiches were decent but not great.  Also the AC seemed to be broken and my husband may or may not have seen a rat.  The server was really nice and attentive though!First the GOOD:
1. staff were polite and well spoken in the first instance. I got assurance my order was dairy free.
I chose a table right in front of their stall within 15 feet of where they took payment. It was clean, washroom tidy I washed hands and returned and picked up my 'sampler' dinner order.
2. Food was "edible".
Now the NOT so GOOD:
zero none 0 of the following tasted any good: baba, hummus, pita, salad, Here, Grape leaves. All sour acidy sameness, except for the pita bread which was bone dry / stale / taste free / bland.
No one inquired if my food was fine and dandy, including a *supervisor* who returned from break whilst I was dining, no one ever made eye contact, zero communication from the *Boss Lady* or the young gent who originally served and took pre payment. (Why is this when things are not so good? the modus operandi always seems to be the same innit? )
Finally the POOR:
value 17 plus $ couldn't eat much of, tried to like it, sampled everything.
Background:
My experience with this type of cuisine is wide. Travelled / spent nearly a year in the region where Torshi allegedly represents. Eaten Mediterranean type diet and prepared many of those dishes myself from scratch. The baba ganoush was particularly WEAK at Torshi, almost like it came from a premix? couldn't find evidence of eggplant. Hummus isn't a difficult FRESH prep. Theirs was characterless, bland, couldn't find any reason to eat it after tasting. Really disappointing. 'Grape leaves' they called it. I know it as Dolmai. Torshi's were mushy and sour inside = a weak effort.
I wanted this to be really good, hadn't tasted anything from the 'region' for a month or so, down Magazine Street (TAL's 4800 Block?). Talk about night and day! Big disappointment for me today, and feeling sorry as I write this.Love love the Egyptian eats here. Everything is fresh and the owner is so kind! The eggplant is my absolute favorite and I also love the Egyptian specials they offer. Plus, the wine prices at the attached bottle shop can't be beat.Best labna of my life, y'all. My GF Katie B laughed at me, as my enthusiastic reactions to the flavors brought her some kind of joy. I think I muttered, "eff yeah." 
Toshi Egyption Food is located inside the St Roch. And with so many delicious options to choose from inside the food hall, Torshi is by far the most aromatic, which creates a line. Food takes time, but it's well worth it. Even for a side plate of labna with warm pita.Best chicken shawarma in the city! Different than what you are used to- this is tender and juicy and full of flavor. Make sure you get their hot sauce on the side. Seriously considering asking if they will sell it to me by the jar next time I go. All the teas are delicious as well.In all fairness this should be 3.5 stars but yelp does not allow that.
First the not so great:
The server was not wearing a mask. I am still getting all my food to go but with someone handling my food I would still like them to be wearing a mask. Also I used their website to order my food. The website said 15 minutes. When I got there they had no knowledge of my order. The owner was super nice and asked what I had ordered and made it up fresh. They have only been opened since Friday so I know that's not entirely their fault.
The good:
The food is great! Probably the best Gyro I have ever had. Very thick slices. It was moist and crispy at the same time I loved it. I also got the lental soup and it was pretty good as well. I will definitely be coming back but will continue getting things to go.I feel bad awarding only four stars because the food is absolutely amazing... & deserves a solid five stars, plus!  
This is a new location for Torshi, and it's obvious they've got a few kinks to iron out, but trust me, the food isn't one of them.  The service was on point too, considering the fact that our server was new and in need of backup support.  The kitchen staff was new too, but had no trouble putting out the best chicken shawarma platter I've ever had, at a price that had me feeling a little guilty.  Everything on the platter was perfect!  They don't have a liquor license, so I ran home and grabbed a bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner.  I don't know of another place in NOLA where you can get a quality dinner for two for $25... including tip!  
Once they work out the staffing issues and can clean the place up a little, I'm confident that I'll be updating this review and awarding a full five stars!Let me start by saying the people that work here are incredible. So kind and passionate. Okay now the food! I've yet to have one disappointing meal here and I don't think it's coming. The eggplant is maybe my favorite entree. So flavorful and steamy. The salad is fire. Perfect, effervescent dressing on a simple, delicate bed of lettuce. The chicken and gyro are also delicious. I'm a falafel girl and this one hit the mark for me. Nice, large, juicy (not dry, Amen!) and packed with flavor. The hummus is awesome too. Smooth and lemony as it should be. I will say that the baba ganoush tastes like corn, not eggplant. Idk why that is but I still dig it. This is just a heads up, not an "ew". Grapes leaves are on point, get em! And I almost forgot about all the different teas this place has. They are ALL sooo good. Yum town, Louisiana. Go see these guys!Nice to have a new face in the St Roch market. Honestly, some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had the pleasure of eating in this city. Suck it, Mona's.
All ingredients are fresh and well prepared. The hummus is smoother than my wife's bum, the eggplant dish more heavenly than my wife's bum*, the shoarma... is well seasoned.
Good prices too.
* My wife has a really nice bumAwesome food with great customer service! I really wanted to try the King Tut which is a falafel with a hard boiled egg in it. I went for dinner and typically they only serve it for breakfast. When I went to order I asked if they were still serving it, the cashier seemed unsure if they could but the chef cut in and said of course they could but it would be made to order and might take a little longer. I was so excited! Most places really stick to their menu especially when  something is labeled as breakfast  but I was excited that they were flexible and made exactly what I wanted. 
This dish is delicious! It has amazing flavor and comes on a bed of wonderful hummus and pita on the side. There is a side salad that was fresh and came with great dressing. The pita comes warm and is very thin which is great for dipping. I definitely recommend this food stand in St Roch and the King Tut dish!Have you been to Torshi yet? 
This Mediterranean spot has amazing food. I really enjoyed the brunch: Mezze Platter (baba ganoush, Labneh, grape leaves & eggplant ). The ROASTED EGGPLANT was incredible. 
Delicious  and worth a visit.Amazing hummus!  Perhaps the best I have ever had. Sampled the ginger mango tea and a mint one and both were absolutely excellent.  I am sure anything on the menu is excellent after trying the grape leaves, hummus and salad.  Loved the atmosphere of St Roch Market as well.The service is always friendly and helpful. The owner is almost always there and he's wonderful. 
The food is amazing! I love Middle Eastern food and have tried all the local places (Kebab, Stella Maris, Mona's, etc) and Torshi is my new favorite. Everything is seasoned perfectly and tastes FRESH. My favorite is the grape leaves platter but the eggplant is also fabulous. I don't eat meat but my boyfriend says the chicken is moist and delicious and the lamb is the best he has ever had and melts in his mouth. The drinks are great too; I like the Rose-Hibiscus ice tea best. Can't wait to come back! Thanks!!!Amazing Egyptian food. We had the hummus and pita bread which was definitely fresh and delicious and cauliflower salad was very healthy and comforting. The owner was a sweetheart. St Roch Market felt nice and safe.I would come to New Orleans simply for this food alone! Hands down the absolute best food I've had in a while! I got the fattoush salad with feta and chicken shawarma for dinner, came back the next day for a late lunch and got the salad again along with his baba ganoush and fresh pita. It's so good I'm really going to miss this place when I go home. St. Roch market and Torshi is where it's at. 
(Pardon my half eaten salad, I was ready to dig in!!)My family and I ate at St. Roch market for the first time today and it was just meh. I wanted to like it so badly but the atmosphere was not what I thought. Maybe it was just an off day so I am willing to give it another try. On a more positive note, I like this new food hall concept where you and your family can eat together even if you all want something quite different. The individual vendors seemed nice but overall this market felt cold. 
I ordered food from Torshi, I really wanted their roasted eggplant dish after seeing it on instagram . However, they ran out and I was offered moussaka in the place of it. Now, it may be similar as far as ingredients but it's different, right? Anyway, I ended up getting the chicken shawarma plate. It came with my choice of salad and hummus. Everything was fresh but I must say I wasn't expecting the chicken to taste like curry. I've never had shawarma to taste like that. Normally, it is more of a Mediterranean style spice blend. I don't know. It was not what I expected but it was still very good and fresh. I also thought they were expensive. My plate was almost $19 with tax I didn't get a drink.
If I go back to St. Roch Market I would eat from Torshi again, but I hope they have the roasted eggplant next time.Torshis is now located in the infamous Silk Road location on royal street. I've been dying to try this Egyptian cuisine and it didn't disappoint. Was able to buy good wine for decent price and enjoy at the table. Torshis fulfilled all my veggie dreams heart's desire. We got the deluxe hummus to start which was great. We ordered stuffed falafels but they were out :( my only complaint. I will return for those. We also got cauliflower eggplant grape leaves and spinach pies. Bread was a little lame and lifeless but everything else was to the T. The flavors were amazing and reasonably priced. My friend got the lamb entree which came with generous portion. Tables were spaced out by covid protocol and service was prompt. Just wish they would have brought out stuffed falafels not plain.The food here is just incredible and additional perk: BYOB. We had a healthy dinner here and started drinking for our night out. 
We ordered a bunch of stuff off the menu to eat family style and every single dish was a hit - great flavor and perfect seasoning with fresh herbs. All the dishes were prepared with fresh ingredients and the portions for each were really healthy, too. I'm sad I don't live locally and can't go visit more often.I don't know what it is about this guy and his business, but I want to see him do well. With the food that he's serving, this shouldn't be difficult. 
I was in the mood for something that wouldn't make me feel like a fat lard afterwards, so I had the tabbouli salad and added chicken. I got a TON of tabbouli and some incredibly tasty chicken. Even the little bit of tahini that showed up on top of the chicken was delicious. 
Everything that was turned out of that little space looked amazing and I can't wait to try the rest of the menu, including the mint lemonade!Not your typical breakfast from @torshi_egyptian_food in @st.rochmarket. The perfect falafel with a hard boiled egg inside, served on creamy hummus. This breakfast was incredibly filling, but didn't leave me feeling that 'I need to take a nap' type feeling after brunch. The fresh Greek salad  on the side with fig vinaigrette was also refreshing and delicious.Great and fast service! Food was delicious or even better!!! Loved the place! My salad was perfect and the cauliflower was awesome!! Try it you won't be sad!Torshi was awesome! We had grape leaves, Greek salad and gyros and all were excellent. We will be back.