We arrived at bit after 3:00 for the Happy Hour per the website. The museum was wonderful, but there was some confusion as to whether we could get the admission discount if we were going to have drinks and happy hour food rather than dinner. The lovely clerk gave us that price, but we felt vaguely guilty. Then, the bartender was extremely overwhelmed despite the fact that the restaurant was not at all full. There was one large party that appeared to be a wedding or bachelorette celebration, and the drinks for that had her terribly backed up. Consequently, service was terrible. After we'd gotten drinks and wandered the (wonderful!) museum, we tried to go back to the bar to order some food and another drink. The bar was full and there was no host station or any server to direct us to a table. No one made eye contact, and unwilling to do the work ourselves, we settled our tab and left. When we settled the tab no one asked us how everything was, did we want anything else, etc. In all, the staff were friendly, but seemed overwhelmed and confused.Small dishes were insanely good - cracklins and biscuits with crab fat butter were highlights. Got pork chop stack, meat was tasty and a good fry, but they should go boneless on that dish. Makes it hard to eat, especially with the sandwich presentation.I'd like to give them 2 stars but I've only been here once.  They were short staffed today so I am not commenting on the service.  There were some issues but am giving them a pass including not knowing about the specials until after we ordered and saw them go by our table to a neighbor.  
My wife and I both had the "Black Eye Peas and Local Greens Salad
cornbread crouton, heirloom radish, cane syrup and creole mustard vinaigrette."  I thought this was ok.  Strangely, the black eyed peas are fried until hard as stones and the crouton is soggy.  Thought the peas would be peas and the croutons would be crunchy.  Underwhelming for $11.  What's the food cost on this plate?
We decided to share the goat tamales and the special of the day.  We were told it was 1/2 a chicken with 2 fried eggs, greens and corn bread.  It was poussin, a young chicken and the smallest thing I've ever been served.  I split it in half and had a hard time finding any meat at all in mine.  It was burnt and they fried it too hot so that it was barely done inside and had a bad aftertaste outside for being too far gone.  Bad sign that you can't fry stuff in New Orleans.  The whites were runny (hate that), the cornbread dusty dry.  $25.  Can I have my money back please?
Miriam liked the tamales a lot.  I had a bite of mine and found it to be too spicy for me.  I passed.  The flavors seemed good and the texture was nice.  It just wasn't for me.  It was definitely the better dish though.
Hipster hell.  I'm not sure if I will give them another shot.  Left very unhappy.I've spent 6 months in New Orleans and have been to just about every 4-5 star restaurant over that time.  Wherever I go,  I make a list and check them off.   This was by far the worst meal that I've ever had in New Orleans, which shocked me because I ate at his other restaurant Toup's meatery and it was superb.  Issac himself suggested the entree (lamb neck) and it was excellent  Whoever is cooking at this place has hopefully been fired.   I emailed them to see if they'd want to try to make it up to me and got no reply.  I own a business that thrives on reviews, and I always give someone a chance to act on problems.     The problem here was salt and portions.  Everything was so salty that I couldn't eat it or couldn't without choking it down.  At the meatery, they give you huge portions.  His pork chop is like a roast.   Here, the duck was a small few bites of shriveled up dry meat.   I love greens, and they were so salty that I left them.  I have never, ever not finished a portion of greens.  Hopefully Isaac gets over there himself and takes over.  This place needs a serious reboot.  It didn't bother me as I know the city and am from Chicago, but the location is central city, which is a very rough area.   Don't get lost and don't park far away.We came for lunch on New Year's Day. We started out with the local greens & black eyed pea salad. (Perfect for New Year's Day!). The peas were surprisingly crunchy- toasted, I think? The salad was great with a good blend of flavors. Next, I got the boudin burrito and my husband got the goat Tamales. Both were so good, and the perfect size. The burrito came with a sauce that made the dish. I think it was just creole mustard mixed w/Mayo, but it was delish. The goat Tamales were rich and flavorful without being heavy. They arrived scorching hot, and took a bit to cool down enough to eat. The service was attentive and our server was upbeat and very friendly. The restaurant is bright and fresh with seating choices of counter, bar or table. It shares space with a food museum, which was closed due to the holiday. The cocktail menu looked interesting, but we were still recovering from NYE!Loved it here. A different vibe than the meatery, but the food and drinks were very good. We went on a Monday night and there were a surprising number of folks in there, so I'm assuming word is out about the quality and originality our friends at Toups present. Am very glad I stopped by and that I now have a Toups option for another side of town.This is a great place to share a few small plates, drink some cocktails and learn about New Orleans food history. They have a great little museum next door. The food is very unique, we loved the boudin and Lamb, also the cocktails are wonderful.This was a true Southern Restaurant and an experience I'll never forget. The waitress was great and so very personable! If the pork belly is on special... get it!! 
This was an excellent place for someone in a wheelchair! It was very roomy and had lots of room to roam around. My only same complement is that the entrance has a small step, since being a wheelchair it was a little difficult to get in the restaurant by myself. The staff saw me coming and rushed to open the door for me!I've had a food crush on Isaac Toups ever since Top Chef.  So, when visiting NOLA recently, I booked my sister and I for dinner at Toups.  We were porked out by the time we left.  The stack of fried porkchops is my new boyfriend.  The curried fried chicken was unique.  I loved every bite!  The cauliflower was divine.
One negative - the bathroom has zero ventilation and someone clearly did a number on it.  It smelled so bad, I felt sick.  
The food is amazing. I want to go back to New Orleans to taste the rest of the menu.This secondary location is off the beaten path and the atmosphere is very funky and relaxed, like the neighborhood around it. They feature a $35 prix fixe dinner WITH WINE. My friend and I ordered each of the two choices for each course and each was delish. I started with the chilled squash soup (creamy and refreshing), then the seared pork belly (nuff said), and ended with a peach-topped panna cotta (a-maz-big). Did I mention the throw in a glass of wine? The service was a tad slow, especially considering there was only one other table there and there was some confusion surrounding the cocktail menu, but a top-notch dining experience.My wife and I went here early on a Saturday night on our recent visit to NOLA. We had a big lunch so we stuck to small plates. All were excellent . She had Black Eye Peas and Local Greens. I had Grilled Gulf Shrimp. We shared Pomme Frites. The fries were as good as the best I've ever had. The shrimp dish was more generous than I expected. Wife would not share the peas but did let me finish the salad which had a superb dressing.Phenomenal new establishment on the New Orleans Restaurant scene. Great open air dining, you can also sit at the bar, so you can watch all that happens as they make your order. Waitstaff extremely friendly and professional, chefs also fun and helpful. 
Recommended for a nice night out, or to celebrate. 5 stars in my book.Went for brunch on New Year's Day. Happy to get a table. Summary- crab butter biscuits- great, fish n chips dish great, overall service- great, eggs in purgatory- ok, host- strange. Will come backWe came here for Easter brunch.  It was a very fair price ($45) for 3 courses + an amuse bouche.  The service was wonderful, the food was great and the cocktails were top notch!  I can't wait to go back and try dinner next.Loved this restaurant. Food preparation is in the open kitchen. Pasta hand made. I had venison tartare--delicious!  Good choice in this hopefully upcoming part of NOLA. 
There's a food and beverage museum, also. It was closed while there (after hours). Looks interesting!I had the tamale, boudin, lamb,  brisket poboy. The lamb was on point and it was plated really well. Tamale was so so. Brisket poboy was great. The boudin was the real standout! I should've ordered several. The service was top notch. There is bar style seating around an open kitchen which puts you right in the action. Also, Mr Isaac Toups was there with his family at the time. It's always an encouraging sign to see an owner making rounds.Loved everything about this place.  Very cool, casual,  oversized warehouse space with some antique finds strategically placed around the venue. The giant carved wood bar in the center of the space was that of a classic English pub with some sort of a vintage martini shaking invention placed next to it which was eye-catching and interesting.  The exposed kitchen area had seating which was a nice touch.  I liked watching the nifty tattooed and bearded staff prepping food.
I tried a piece of each the Andouille Sausage and Daube Glace PoBoy and they were fantastic.  My friends shared a burger and said that was great too.  There was a good cocktail list and our professional waiter knew the menu very well.  There is something to say about a knowledgeable wait staff, it ties together the over all experience.
My one criticism is that the bathroom needs some fragrance reeds or something to cover the somewhat damp sewer like smell. It wasn't terrible but it was noticeable.
It's attached to the Food & Beverage museum which looked pretty sweet even though we didn't explore it further than peek our heads in.Everything was delicious, I can understand the comments on food being on the salty aspect but for me it was perfect. Biscuits with crab fat butter and braised rabbit pasta were exceptional!Their brunch is fantastic! I strongly recommend the biscuits with crab fat butter and the foie gras terrine.Isaac absolutely kills it with his goat tamales, cracklins, biscuits with crawfish butter and pork chops. Top 3 meal in Nola ever.Nice quiet restaurant. We were the only people in the whole restaurant, but that was ok. The biscuits with Crab fat butter was EXCELLENT! I will recommend this placeSOURDOUGH BISCUITS WITH CRAB BUTTER. Please get these. 
Everything else is wonderful too. Popped in for dinner and nabbed a seat at the counter, which was quite cool because you could see the chefs prepare your food. Besides the biscuits, which were delicious and addicting. I liked them a lot, if you didn't notice from the all caps message at the beginning. 
I also tried their veggie special for the day - a broccoli and cheese casserole. The broccoli wasn't mushy and the dish wasn't overloaded with cheese. It was a perfect balance of textures and flavors. 
For my main I tried the local rabbit dish. I loved the egg noodles and the rabbit was very tender. There were a lot of intense flavors going on at once. A little saltier than I expected, but nothing a sourdough biscuit or side veggies can't fix.We will never be back. We were meeting friends for drinks on 12-16-2017 (management look who was bar tending that night) and the bartender was the ABSOLUTE RUDEST bartender that I have ever encountered!!! That is a big statement! She had horrible body language, leaning back at the bar, slightly turning her head for the next person to order and shortly saying next, as if we were the most inconvenient people that actually want a drink FROM A BAR. We thought that we were just experiencing this for some weird reason until the next two people sat down. They asked if she had Blanton's (we had already looked for the price on the menu because that is a favorite in our group and it was not on the menu) the bartender quickly snapped back and said "look at the menu, It would be there, AND the bottle is right there (pointed to it on the opposite side of the bar)". Let me tell you, it was NOT on the menu and we had watched them look for it, both on the menu and in the massive stack of bottles. Now she could have handled every conversation (I mean attack) differently. We then made it a game after we ate to see if she still hated us after we ate dinner at a table, and dared our out of town friend to ask for a Togo beer. Same encounter, horrible person and if we were not meeting a group of friends there, I would have spoke to management that night, and if she is management, GOOK LUCK! If you go, don't sit at the bar, the waitress was nice, we will NEVER EVER EVER be back!I had the tamale, boudin, lamb, and brisket poboy. The lamb was on point and it was plated really well. Tamale was so so. Brisket poboy was great. The boudin was the real standout! I should've ordered several. The service was top notch. There is bar style seating around an open kitchen which puts you right in the action. Also, Mr Isaac Toups was there with his family at the time. It's always an encouraging sign to see an owner making rounds.Wow! What a surprise. We went on a Saturday night on a whim and were all very happy with the choice. Small plates and large plates give you a lot of choices. But the real star is the chef, working in an open kitchen and putting out every plate himself. Best NY strip steak I can remember, so well-flavored and cooked to a perfect medium rare. Another diner's hot friend chicken was a crispy and better version of Nashville "hot" fried chicken. My wife had duck confit on a delicious and innovative risotto -- so good! Finally, my seared redfish in "X-o butter" was a superb fish dish and the Asian-inspired brown butter sauce with a hint of soy sauce. It was exceptional. I am not a fan of really salty dishes and did not detect too much salt, so if that was indeed a problem when some reviews were posted this winter, it has been solved. Service was friendly and helpful. The room is spacious with high ceilings. Great spot!Finally was able to come in after being a huge fan of Toups Meatery. No surprise everything was perfect. Toups once again does not disappoint! From the decor of the place down to our server, everything was outstanding. Brunch started with the biscuits with crab fat butter, incredible! Then we moved on to the goat tamales. Another hit, I have never had a more perfect tamale! Finished our bunch experience with the burger and fries. Washed it all down with one of their fabulous cocktails! We will be back, only so much we can eat at one time!Fantastic! Do it! Great food, wonderful flavor profiles, great service! 
We had the sourdough biscuits with crab butter, black eye pea salad, crab salad and goat tamales. 
Black eye pea salad is the standout! 
Also don't be afraid of the goat, it's smoked to deliciousness! 
Great comfort food in a wonderful locale!First visit to Toups South and we will definitely return.   The Sunday Brunch is fantastic and  we are anxious to have more food here.   Where to start - nice atmosphere and not too noisy.   We had reservations and were seated immediately.   Great service and friendly staff.   Now for the food - it was all mmmmm good.  The table shared an order of biscuits (4 big flaky biscuits) and a cinnamon roll.   The cinnamon roll was not traditional and in fact was so delicious that we didn't want to stop eating it.   The big plates were truly BIG and delicious.   Mine was pastrami, sweet potato hash.  It was delicious and easily could have been shared. Lucky me,  I brought a big portion home to eat tomorrow.   I can pretty much guarantee you won't be disappointed in brunch and that isn't just an unlimited mimosa talking.Another excellent lunch at Toups South!  This time, I had a salad with what I believe was flash fried black eyed peas. It also had those little radishes that look like watermelons.  Awesome. We always try to sit at the bar to watch Seamus and the gang work their magic.  I'm also in a position to endorse the grilled shrimp. Simply wonderful.This place is the best! I've been to their first location before and was very pleased, so coming to Toups South has been on my list for a while. Great service as well as food. Anytime we have guest in town, I make sure to take them to a Toups restaurant!Great food! Friendly service.  Went to lunch today and it certainly exceeded our expectations!   Got to get that pork chop stack.I was at loose ends on a Sunday morning on a recent visit to NOLA.  I headed out to check out the Southern Food and Beverage Museum & Museum of the American Cocktail.  They were having a class I could join for free with my entry ticket and so I stuck around and felt lucky that there was a restaurant attached to the museum.  
I sat at the bar which was a lovely old traditional bar and the whole vibe of the place made it feel less like a warehouse that had been converted to a restaurant and shared with a niche museum.  I felt that the service was very personal from the answers to my questions about local beers to the checking in regarding how I was enjoying the dish that I had ordered (and the beer).  I wished I had been staying another day as I would've had wonderful leftovers but I loved what I could eat of the half chicken with mushrooms and their delicious frites.   It felt very indulgent and it was a great way to spend one of my last meals during my visit.  As I ate, I read from a book that I had brought along and it was the perfect spot to sit, eat, and read on a rainy day and just relax after a busy visit to a city that always has more to see and do.Absolutely amazing!!! Just wish Chef Isaac were here, but Chef Seamus Rozycki is making some unbelievable food!!! Cracklins, Spicy pork belly crostini, Smoked Foie Gras Terrine, Gulf shrimp salad!Went for the Beefsteak put on by Nola.com...so my experience isn't really the typical dining experience. My girlfriend and I are huge Top Chef fans and were interested in seeing Isaac's restaurant. Everything but one item we ate was specific to the Beefsteak, but I can tell you that the food was incredible. The atmosphere was great for hanging out and having a couple drinks. And it was cool to see Isaac cooking. The u shaped kitchen area allows you to watch them cook food which is always something that interests me. We will definitely be going back for some of the regular menu items.Expectations were well above what was delivered. If I could, I'd rate it 2.5 stars. Came here for dinner excited, but things went...south? All the drinks and dishes sounded appetizing, but I can't say every dish was up to par. Drinks were interesting, too. The Mama Sass (I think?) was a refreshing, cucumber-y, not strong at all drink! I got the salty ***** (I can't remember the name), which I actually really liked! It had a smokey-ness and saltiness I really liked. I found this also to be not strong, even by its scent! The party without the calories was absolutely the least favorite. But I mean if you like your alcohol straight, the taste of this might be for you?? Haha, and the mai tai was great as well if you're a fan of rum like I!
We ordered two small plates and three large plates. The two small plates were the shrimp with a pumpkin puree (if I recall correctly) and the carpaccio! The shrimp had a little kick to it, but I wished it had more flavor. The puree was nice and had great flavor, but I felt like the shrimp needed a little more to make this dish worth getting. The carpaccio was underwhelming to say the least. I found the meat to have an odd texture. Probably the least favorite dish.
On to the large plates! These were much, much better! Our waiter mentioned the specials in the beginning. So when he said scallops, we were all up for it regardless of its preparation. They were seared perfectly! The greens were tossed in something that reminded me of a ginger dressing! We also got the New York strip, which was my favorite of the dishes! It was tender, and had great flavor! The beets definitely worked great with the steak! Lastly, we got the pork chop stack, and when they say for two...they mean two hungry people! It was a whopping stack of five bone in fried pork chops! The crust was crispy, but sadly it had trouble catching a grip to the pork. The pork was tender, like easy cut tender! I loved the little coffee aioli and pickled squash that it came with! 
Overall the food was good. The drinks were good. The service was okay, until it came to pay. We were planning to pay in cash for the tip after the bill was paid. I asked the waiter to charge the card first, and then the rest with cash. He did completely opposite of what I asked (I feel like jerk for being specific, but it really wasn't that hard ). I don't think it was hard... So that was the first red flag, and then he straight up told me as he handed back the checkbook, "don't forget the tip's not included." I was taken aback, but okay, alright. You have a good night, too, sir.I enjoyed this place. The food was hot and yummy and very well seasoned. The facilities were also very nicely maintained and stylish, and I felt very taken care of by the wait staff.Both food and service were exceptional. Came here for dinner and had goat tamales, sourdough biscuits with crab fat butter, foie gras terrine, beef deckle steak and seafood stew.  Came back for brunch and had the fish fry and poutine poboy. Their Toups Bloody Mary was pretty good too...fresh tomatoes. Ample seating for small or large groups. I love their kitchen bar set up where you can see the chefs hard at work. Can't wait to come back again!Empty happypy hour on a Thursday, full seating at the bar available. Small plates of cracklins or fries or corndogs at 5$ each. Friendly and accommodating staff. Brilliant food. Reasonably priced food and drinks.We stopped by after visiting the food and beverage museum. We got there perfectly in time for happy hour. I had the seersucker since they were out of one of the ingredients in the sidecar and I am so glad they were. It was so refreshing. My girlfriend got a campfire and that was delicious as well. We shared an order of cracklings (wish a side of aioli as recommended by a fellow patron) and the crab biscuits. While there it started to storm outside, and let me tell you there is no better place to get stuck in a downpour (especially during happy hour).The food and service here was so good! My husband and I split the special, the black eyed pea salad, the NY strip, and the cinnamon roll bread pudding. Every course came out right as we finished the previous one, I mean perfect timing. The food is really delicious, and the cocktails are also very good as well. I had the Amelia Earhart and the Huntress (probably my favorite, it tasted like gingerbread). All of the cocktails looked good, especially if you like gin. My only regret is that I didn't get to try their biscuits.Midweek, went for the three course meal and was not disappointed. The varied tomato salad with ricotta cheese was incredible, with the pork entree, and ganache dessert was absolutely tremendous! This was accompanied with a glass of red wine to pair the meal perfectly. Good service at the bar with friendly staff. Highly recommend!These people are real foodies and take care with their food. Awesome shop, also a great value. The portions are huge so I encourage sharing.I've enjoyed previous meals at Toups main location but wanted to explore his new South restaurant. The open kitchen is beautiful and allows you to watch the masters at work. The staff were well trained and knowledges of all menu items. I started the evening off with the Marinated Gulf Snapper. The addition of the butternut squash, pumpkin seed, chili oil was so good. Very fresh and plentiful, think about a large crudo. I couldn't pass up another small plate, the smoked foie gras terrine-
fig mostarda and whipped buttermilk. The foie was perfect, smooth and flavorful. With the remaining room I had in my stomach I opted to get a large plate to finish the night off. I ordered the New York strip with confit root veg, wilted kale and ham hock vinaigrette. This was no doubt about it, awesome! The steak melted as it was cooked perfectly. The kale was the perfect bitterness against the rich steak. 
All in all this was a great experience, one of which I'd love to have again. Thanks Toups, let's do this again....soon. HahaI eat out 2 times a week and only end up reviewing about 2-3 places a year - Toups is the kind of place that makes me want to YELP. Wish it were in my neighborhood so I could frequent on a regular basis. Will be reminiscing about morsels of perfectly constructed crab fat butter biscuits, fried chicken, black eyed peas salad and lemon poppyseed cake until I return to New Orleans.Love this place! So fresh and seasonal! Fried black eye pea salad is so good! Pastrami is the best! Twee will concoct you a phenomenal drink! Larry is always pleasant and the chef rock!! If you are lucky to get the tomato and ricotta goodness you'll be in heaven!While overall we enjoyed our meal, we expected a little more in terms of the dishes.  Of the 5 dishes we ordered, I really only though one was excellent and the others were good, but nothing great. 
We started with the shrimp bisque which was on special, it had good consistency but not much going on in terms of flavor, I found it pretty blah. I was excited to try the biscuits with crab butter, but they ended up being my least favorite, the biscuits seemed dense, not light and flakey, and I didn't care for the crab butter, I would have just preferred straight up butter. The pinto bean salad was my favorite, I really enjoyed the crunch of the beans, they gave a nice variety of textures, and the dressing had a nice, light sweetness to it. The goat tamales were another dish I was pretty excited about, and while they were good, there was nothing surprising, unique, or memorable about them. The lamb was my second favorite dish, it had interesting flavors, but to be honest I'm not sure it was that great, just better in relation to the other dishes. 
We sat at the counter and watched the chef work which was cool. The service was fine, no complaints or compliments. I did really enjoy the atmosphere, it was a cool space and I loved the bar, it was an interesting place.Don't let the casual atmosphere fool you here as the food is just mouthwatering amazing. The cracklins and the meat boards stood out the most to me and highly recommend it as a starter for first timers. The staff was amazing and we actually asked them to randomly pick our drinks and appetizers which came out perfect!First visit to Toups South and we will definitely return.   The Sunday Brunch is fantastic and  we are anxious to have more food here.   Where to start - nice atmosphere and not too noisy.   We had reservations and were seated immediately.   Great service and friendly staff.   Now for the food - it was all mmmmm good.  The table shared an order of biscuits (4 big flaky biscuits) and a cinnamon roll.   The cinnamon roll was not traditional and in fact was so delicious that we didn't want to stop eating it.   The big plates were truly BIG and delicious.   Mine was pastrami, sweet potato hash.  It was delicious and easily could have been shared. Lucky me,  I brought a big portion home to eat tomorrow.   I can pretty much guarantee you won't be disappointed in brunch and that isn't just an unlimited mimosa talking.It took some time and thought to write this review, but I am doing so with the hope that this establishment will address my experience as a measure to address an area of tolerance that it may not be aware of.    On July 20, 2018 at approx. 8pm, My Wife, Daughter, her boyfriend and I entered this restaurant after it was recommended by one of the entertainment venues nearby that we would be indulging later that night. As we entered the restaurant we was greeted by a male host (sorry didn't remember his name, but he was wonderful). He sat us and was very kind and humorous. We shared with him that this was our first visit and he described the menu and really made us feel very welcomed.
Our server approached the table maybe 10 minutes after we were seated by the host, did not introduce himself, and asked us of our drinks request. As he returned, with our drinks, I stated, "I'm sorry", I didn't get your name. He responded "Garrett". He dropped off the drinks, did not make any recommendations and walked away. After waiting for more than 15 mins., "Garrett" returned and started babbling/mumbling food items confusing us as if it was an order we had placed. My wife interrupted him and questioned him of what he was speaking of, and he rudely stated "IT'S CALLED SPECIALS" WE DO HAVE THOSE! and walked away again returning about 10 mins. later requesting our order. After waiting for more than 30 mins. for our food, we noticed that the portions was very small. We enjoyed our food, but I had to request a refill on my drink which was clearly empty to our server Garrett. We can except that the food cost was rather pricey for the portions, but for the most part we "ENLOYED" the food! Our service by "Garrett" was terrible!!! But, we still tipped him (10%, way less than I would normally tip for service). After observing Garrett's demeanor, posture and behavior towards other patrons in this restaurant, we as whole, easily assume that "GARRETTS" attitude and lack of reception towards us could be concluded as racially bias being that we are of African descent. Making a racial assumption is very hard for me to conclude being that I am an executive in the hospitality industry of a major international hotel chain. I understand the importance of tolerance in the food and hospitality industry, but after having this experience from an employee who is an extension of this establishment has drawn me to make the conclusion that we was not welcome to this establishment and it could be easily concluded that it was due to our race. Therefore I would not and will not recommend anyone to patronage this establishment. Not only did I share my experience with the entertainment venue we was patronizing that night, to discontinue referring his patrons to this establishment, I also, will be recommending that my organization of 30 brands within our hotel establishment remove Toups South Restaurant from it's concierges restaurants recommendation list.My wife and me went and had lunch here and it was great. I had the burger and it was amazing. My wife had the cheese board and it was good too with a wonderful presentation. One of things that I loved the most about this place is that they have a non alcoholic craft cocktail list. I think I tried 3 or 4 of them and they were all really good.Fresh food. Great service. CRAB FAT BUTTER! Get the crab fat butter!!!!!!!!! The hangar steak was a special there that night and that was all I that I could think about when I left the restaurant. This place even made me like cauliflower and I can not stand that wannabe broccoli.Very Nice Saturday lunch at Toups South - first visit but we'll be back - especially if Candace is going to be there, she took great care of us! Excellent work by Chef David and his team - hubby and I spit the cracklins, black eyed peas and local greens salad, and the Toups Burger with pomme frites - wow - Delicious!Stopped in for dinner and sat at the kitchen bar  - we were the only ones up there so chatted with the chef and cooks while they worked.  Food was delicious - marinated snapper, smoke sticks, and NY strip were all excellent.  The hamhock vinaigrette on the steak was insane.  Would definitely go back.  Recommend.We love to eat out and loved Toups Meatery. But Toups South was pretty terrible, especially the service. We ordered 5 appetizers of which they brought 2 and just never delivered the other 3. Then they bring the entrees before the wine and left our wine glasses empty most of the meal even though there was wine left in the bottle. I finally mentioned something to the manager who offered to buy us a dessert, only then to put it on our bill! Also the cracklins - the only app they actually served is- were dry and unappetizing. Biscuits mediocre. Definitely wouldn't go back.Very meh, especially for the price. Service speed was OK, they ran out of certain bourbons on the menu, and gave us free pork rinds that didn't belong on the menu. Outside of that, most of the food was good, if over seasoned. I think the most disappointing thing was the highlighted meal for two. It was just a breaded pork tenderloin with white bread...seriously that's it.A meal at Toups South is like a trip through the gastric arts looking glass.  And each course takes you deeper and deeper into structure, creativity and flavor.  
Amazingly, the kitchen is behind the bar.  Yes, that's what I mean. Sitting there and watching the food prep was like being inside a cooking show.  We saw the fries prepared before us and dusted with powdery salt & spice.  We watched every part of our tomato salad assembled right in front of us, and we got to ask the chef questions as he prepared it.  We watched entrées prepared, and got to guess what each one was. 
The menu is flexible and easy to use.  I chose the "Coolinary" option.  Starter salad riffed on the caprese, but ricotta made the flavor richer as do the mild white anchovies and the tart green Spanish olives; the varied sizes of heirloom and cherry tomatoes add texture and fun. 
The redfish sandwich main course was off the creative chart.  Inspired by both the lobster roll and the tuna melt, the sauce made it rich without smothering the redfish. 
Others had sautéed whole shrimp.  It's like they were blackened them pan sautéed.  The phrase "best I've ever had" kept coming up.   
Fried chicken had a crunchy buttermilk batter that exceeded any I've ever tasted.  The shrimp po-boy was perfectly fried.  Both had creative and crunchy dressing and garnishes.  
Now for the best part:  dessert.  After devouring the panna cotta at Toups South, my opinion is forever changed. I have never been a panna cotta fan (it's always seemed like watery frozen flan).  This was a creamy, rich, refreshing custard (but not eggy).  But the real kicker was the watermelon granita.  Crunchy, tart, delicious.  WOW. 
Did I mention the whole thing is separated by a giant gauze curtain from the Southern Food and Beverage Museum?  We went.  So fun.    
Go to Toups South now.If it were possible to give 6 stars, I would. Excellent experience and worth the $$$. The staff were great, the chefs were friendly ( they'll we sat around the cooking area), the noise level pleasant and the background music nice and mellow. I had the seafood stew followed by the chocolate pecan pie; both delicious. My wife had the seared tuna; sublime. It's a cool venue as well, with a curtain separating them from a food history museum.A great place to dine and enjoy the atmosphere, Period!
Drinks and food were amazing. The staff was funny and helpful. 
The options for brunch were all so so good and all four of us enjoyed every meal.Toups south is not as well known as it should be. Delicious cuisine and to my mind the best lunch in town.Beautiful restaurant with excellent food and service. Very innovative twists on old favorites. The sauce for the crawfish balls is wicked.The drum beignets (a special) was the best thing I ever ate. I hope they add a beignet as a mainstay on the menu. We also had the boudin (one link) and the black eyed peas salad. The peas where fried which was unexpected. The mustard that came with the boudin was so sweet and balanced- I never knew mustard could taste that good. We started our evening with one of the tiki drinks and it was the best drink of the night. (And we drank a lot.)Recently came here for a team lunch! I read the menu (like I always do) and wanted the BLT, but unfortunately it was on he printed menu. Panic ensued and I opted for the fried chicken sandwich (well after I asked if I should get the hamburger or chicken)
Oh my lord. This fried chicken sandwich is what dreams are made of. Let's just say, you can't be pretty While you eat this and that is ok!!
The burger did look delicious , I didn't get a bite  because my coworker ordered hers medium rare and that is not how I roll. I need my meat to be brown with a smidge of pink.
We also split the biscuits (8 people 4 biscuits) and half of a biscuit is the perfect size to not ruin your appetite for lunch!
I will go here again to get the burger because it was amazing looking!Really great service and innovative menu. Tonight we had the black bean salad with Boston lettuce; delicious red fish entree with collard greens; fries; 2 cocktails: tail feather and something with lemon and st germain; and carrot cake with cinnamon ice cream. Outstanding food, and a beautiful second location for Toup's!Went last night for dinner, last minute idea. 4 of us, 5 small plates and shared the duck leg confit. Everything we had was awesome. The duck leg looked more like a turkey leg, it was huge, but melted off the bone like butter. The goat tamales were outstanding (photo). Pork belly with watermelon, fantastic, as was the gulf snapper. Don't know how to describe the other two small plates, one was the vegetable dish, which had great flavors, and the daily special which were drum beignets, also great.  All the other large plates sounded delicious too, I'm looking forward to getting back.I have a list of must eat at restaurants in New Orleans that I wanted to try while I'm living here and toups south made the list. After reading about the chef and the southern food and beverage museum I was incredibly excited to give this place a go. We had made a reservation for a week day night as recommended but upon arriving there was only
One other table sat around 7 pm. While we were there only one other table entered the restaurant so reservations were not necessary. 
Our server was sweet, but overall this ended up being one of our strangest dining experiences to date. Upon being seated the assistant waiter held up a water pitcher and motioning to it asked if he could pour us some sparkling water, we said that was fine. The gentlemen sighed heavily obviously annoyed and said so do you want the water that's in this pitcher or do you want me to go get a bottle of sparkling water then? Ok so I understand up-selling in the industry, but this seemed like a poor presentation and execution of it. 
My friend and I ordered the crab fat butter biscuits which were to die for and the only reason I would go back. 
Next we had the goat tamales which we both agreed the flavor wasn't anything spectacular and was a little lackluster after all of the positive reviews we saw for it. 
For the main course we split the fried pork chops which ended up being so salty both of us could only get a few bites in. It tastes like maybe the oil hasn't been changed in the fryer. A fried bone in pork chop also proved very difficult to eat since you couldn't see where the bone was as you you were cutting into it. The bread and lettuce and tomato all seemed very unnecessary as well. 
As we were leaving we said good night to the server assistant who was by the door and to his credit he asked us how dinner was, but then went on a tangent about the famous people he had seen eat at the restaurant since he had started working there even commenting on their outfits. The whole name dropping of high end guests just rubbed me the wrong way, and I just found the whole experience disappointing overall.So disappointed in this restaurant! The room is industrial and cold. The food was shockingly mediocre after hearing so many good reviews. 
We had a shrimp bisque that was on special. It was the best thing we ate, but I'd describe it as notable and distinct in flavour vs delicious and something I went home day dreaming about. 
Goat tamales were dry and not that flavourful. Biscuits with crab fat butter were good, but in no way the best biscuits we ate in NOLA. And because the starters were so large we decided against mains and ordered more small plates. The snapper crudo was an odd mix of flavours and the venison carpaccio was meh. At these prices it should not have been just the few mains I had read about that were great. We hoped dessert would be the star, but alas we left most of the bourbon chocolate pecan pie. 
Saving Grace was the amazing service! 
Might consider recommending for groups of meat loving men (which seemed to be 90% of the clientele), but there are really so many better places in this city to eat.Food was good. The 3 stars is because of Nikki the bartender. She was not happy to be a team player and help her co-workers! She had to clear our first course plates and was rough...not one smile or word. Very nasty Aura. I'm sorry But I hope Chef Isaac knows about this. He's amazing-) too many good people need jobs that would smile!!!!Best birthday experience I've had in a long time. You know Isaac from Top Chef, but you don't know the food until you've tried it. 
Lots of plays on classic dishes... deckle steak and Brussels? Elevated corned beef and cabbage. Smoked hempseed brownie? Legal take on a pot brownie. Go, you won't be disappointed. Go early, check out the southern food history museum nextdoor.I've been wanting to come here for a long time. The biscuits were some of the best I've ever had. Our server (Larry I think was his name) was so friendly and had quite the fun personality. The Venison tar tar was delicious and the crawfish fritters were on point. We both liked the blue crab lasagna over the crab pasta, mostly due to the density of the noodles which I'm assuming is because they are made with crab roe according to the menu. The lasagna was a tad sweet but the crunchy flakes along the outside added great texture as I love anything with some crunch. Thank you for a great meal, we will be coming again!Great place to spend time with friends. Food was very good. I just was a little confused with the lamb leg, flavor was non characteristic and looked and tasted like duck.The food was good but the service was not. Our waiter could not have seemed less interested in having us here. It was a struggle to get him to take our order or submit another request. For this reason alone I wouldn't recommend someone come here since no one one wants to feel like they were a burden. Wish I would have liked it more but our female server (the bartender) was great  :/We happened to walk by this restaurant when we first got here and thought it seemed intriguing. So tonight we made a dinner reservation ( seemingly unnecessary) and tried it out. 
So the drinks were great. The entrees would have been,too, but for a too liberal application of salt. I had steak and fries, husband had the redfish. Both were too salty, particularly the fries. And I love salt!
We called it to the waiter's attention,and his response was "oh, the chef knows ". So it's a choice. Plus, the guy is a smoker, so his taste buds are less sensitive, I expect. 
Aside from the food, the place is fabulous, and I hope they get their problems straightened out and are very successful.The amazing brunch was a highlight of our recent NOLA trip. From a perfect Pimm's cup to the most delicious panna cotta dessert, it was a great experience. The sourdough biscuits were wonderful (although I admit I preferred regular butter on them vs.the crab fat butter). My eggs in purgatory with andouille was outstanding, but the pastrami hash my boyfriend ordered was absolute heaven. Service was great and friendly and the restaurant has a nice look and feel.Only have great things to say. The service was exemplary at the bar. The food was one of the best brunches I've had in a while. The biscuits themselves were great but add on the crab butter and they become heavenly. The chicken and waffles were also amazing. I love the kick to it. And to round off I had a Screwed Pooch cocktail which is the perfect brunch cocktail with vodka, OJ, and grapefruit.  
Now if I could just finish this last half a biscuit...If I could give a lower rating than a 1 I would! This restaurant manager (Larry) and server (Nancy) was so blatantly rude and lied on us. Nancy was so condescending when asked to bring ketchup, napkins and dessert. When asked to remove an item from the ticket because we didn't like it she said ok but then left it on the ticket and never told us that it couldn't be removed from the ticket. When asked for the owners info Larry would not give it to us and called the police on us. The service in this place was horrible and I advise that no one go back there. DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!! THEY TREAT PAYING CUSTOMERS HORRIBLY! $311 for horrible service and food!!!!Wow!! So good. I have wanted to go here for a while and used COOLinary NOLA as an excuse! 
The space itself is beautiful, a large open room with large art and adjacent to the southern food and beverage museum. 
The menu is classic New Orleans cuisine but with a modern twist. The Louisiana Chantrelle ravioli was recommended by the waitress and was great!
Service is fast, friendly, and helpful. 
Only reason I did not give 5 stars was the menu said "complimentary glass of wine" with prix fix menu which we ordered then were told some wines didn't count -- which we should have been told or it should have been on the menu. Just not great customer service there. 
Overall- can't wait to go back!The food was okay the service was a problem. My wife ordered red fish. Waiter came back and apologized that they were out of redfish.  We sat at the chef table. They kept cooking red fish. In fact after we completed our meal the chef brought out a big bag of fish. I asked him what if it was red fish and he said yes. The red fish kept coming in.  
WTF
Oh the fish stew was overly salted.  
The waiter was slow and cranky
They comped wife's salad....big deal.
We did well. With the appetizers. Foie Gras and Pork Belly crostini were very good.
We talked to the manager, or at least someone posing as a manager, and he fixed nothing with three stupid clueless remarks.
1. "I want here." Hey bud, when your a big boy manager in a big boy restaurant, you're supposed to be a leader. Leaders are responsible and "I wasn't here," doesnt cut it.
2. "Maybe the fish was delivered after you ordered." Hey dude, we were sitting here at the chef table, we have a view of the entire shabang. I assure you a truck didnt back up and unload 100 lbs of red fish while we were here. 
3. "What do you want me to do?" Your job...fix it. You didn't.
I've been treated worse once, when I was picked up drunk and disorderly after urinating on a police officer.  (Not really but its a good line)Everything was fantastic!  We had the smoked redfish special appetizer, the spicy pork belly Crostini and the sourdough biscuits with crab fat butter. Amazing.My dad and I stopped in here for lunch during Coolinary.
First of all, I really like the feel of the place- it still maintains the warehouse vibe with tables, a bar and a kitchen added. We were greeted and seated right away and the place was pretty empty on a Friday around 1. Looking over the menu, it becomes clear very quickly that Toups South is completely different than Toups Meatery- the offerings are lighter and lean more towards sandwiches and small plates.
I already knew what I wanted, so I got the fried chicken sandwich as my Coolinary entree and the poppy cake for my dessert. The sandwich was OUTSTANDING. A huge piece of chicken, fried to perfection, came out on a bun and I was happy. The chicken was really juicy and it was battered and fried perfectly. My dad got a tuna melt sandwich but he wasn't really a fan of it. He gave me his leftovers to take home, I tried it later and loved it, so I guess it all just depends on what your tastes are. The poppy cake was delicious, as well. It was nice and light and topped with a nice creme. It was a perfect end to the meal.
Toups South seems like a good lunch place, but I would probably venture somewhere else for dinner and I wish the prices were a little more affordable for folks in the neighborhood.Had both nye tasting menus and was sadly disappointed.  The first course was my favorite, but simply Bc it was good raw fish and tasty tomatoes, the lamb shank was good also, third and main course was not good. Shrimp tasted funny, venison carpaccio was thick and chewy, prime rib was 80% and thinly cut, fish was Tiny and stuff with something gross, one dessert was good, other was some jello like substance posing as a tart.. oh, and mixed drinks were not good, very limited wine menu. They refused to make me one of the drinks on cocktail menu for no real reason...