I have a real soft spot for Tout de Suite. The folks working and eating here are always so friendly and it's a great space to just sit and relax.  Not being from LA originally I love the cross-section of locals and transplants you run into here. Feels like a true local cafe. 
My favorite item on the menu is the Bermuda Triangles, thick delicious toasty bread triangles loaded up with avocado, cucumber, tomato and feta cheese. If you're looking for something a little heavier for breakfast the Poche is a good choice. The coffee and sweets also can't be beat. 
My only complaint might be it seems a little on the pricey side to me.Best coffee shop in the WORLD! I love our little neighborhood spot, the ladies who work in here are always friendly and working their butts off to keep us full and happy. I will say I miss the live music on the weekends, I recommend the Katrina and kale salad.Not impressed at all. Went to brunch at approximately 1100 am. They ran out of french toast and no omelets were available for some reason. I had the deep south breakfast which I ordered the eggs cooked over medium... the egg whites were still raw when cut into and the potatoes had overcooked (crunchy) potatoes which was not appetizing if done on purpose. The biscuit and gravy were on point (very good) though. Maybe it was a bad weekend but I doubt I will be returning. I also had a pancake which was ok.I miss this place already. When visiting friends in Algiers, I found Tout De Suite and wound up there every day for breakfast -- and everything I had was delicious.
The Deep South, Atchafalaya and Plaquemines dishes all vied for top honors, and all wound up in a three-way tie. The Blue Eyes herbal iced tea, which for some reason is red, was another daily choice, along with the mocha. I don't drink coffee, but there was a lot to love on the board.
Add in the wifi, outdoor tables, down-home vibe of the place and the fact that the tunes never let me down, even throughout several hour-long visits, and you can see why it's getting such high marks from patrons. If you are in the area, stop in and check it out.Neighborhood gem. No tourists. Order at counter, eat  then bus your table. Keeps labor costs down. Many locals walk while others drive and park. Breakfast/brunch was great. Members of the Clean Plate Club. Most seem to know everyone inside. Cute outdoor seating.what a great surprise....nestled in this historic neighborhood is a cafe that's a vegetarians dream....while there is "regular" food...it has lots of veggie options. The qunioa salad is fantastic.
have been twice already.Friendly staff, tasty food, cool building in a beautiful neighborhood.
I was in New Orleans on business, and dismayed that I wouldn't cross the Mississippi on my trip (because I'm a nerd). I had some extra time on my first day in town, so I took the ferry over and walked to this cafe. A sign out front recommended the praline latte, so I had one (iced). It was delicious. I ordered the Katrina (huevos rancheros), which was also very good and very filling.Love this place. It only took one trip for us to fall in love with this place. This is a great new orleans breakfast spot. We usually go on weekends and its packed. I love the atchafalya (eggs over easy with crawfish dressing over cornbread). Absolutely delicious. 
There is also one or two gentlemen playing the banjo and singing while you eat. No microphone or anything so its not too loud, but it is a small place that does get PACKED.
I brought a buddy from NYC here and now every time he comes to  town he wants to go here for breakfast.
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because it doesn't have a bar. I'd like a bloody mary or mimosa with brunch on sunday sometimes. Everything else from the decor to the food is perfect.
Tourist, if y'all come to Old Algiers to view the area make sure you hit this place for breakfast or lunch. This is a true gem.I love this place! The food is great... Always fresh and very consistent quality and service. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the coffee. I am admittedly a coffee snob... There's isn't bad, but it is weak. Too much waterExpensive.
I'm a local and THEY ARE EXPENSIVE.  $13.00+ for "pain purdue"???  Two slices of bread soaked in milk and eggs???  One sprig of grapes for garnish???  And an additional $4.00 for two slices of bacon???  Throw in the coffee (which, please note - REFILLS ARE NOT FREE) and you're $20.00 in the hole before you even throw a tip at the "waitstaff".  
Oh, it might look cute from the outside.  And it might lend some level of touristy "ambiance" to the 'hood, but it's not worth the price.  
And the thing that really sucks???  Is that there's nothing more to choose from on this end of Algiers Point.  I've also been privy to rumors that the owner likes it just fine... there's no competition, so if you're thirsty you're paying $3.00+ tax for a carbonated Perrier.  
Thanks, but no thanks.  Get in your car and head to Common Grounds in Gretna where you can get a killer breakfast with re-fillable coffee for LESS than $10.00 (including the tip).  
If I wanted to spend THAT MUCH on breakfast, I'd head on over to a REAL brunch spot, like Muriel's or Court of Two Sisters.  Tout De Suite didn't even bother with the reach-around.Stumbled upon my favorite casual breakfast place in New Orleans. Great coffee (had a quad Americano). Fantastic 'build your own' omlette. Grits were just like I like them (I prefer to eat mine with a fork).
Don't sleep on Algiers!This adorable little café was located a couple of blocks from the house where myself and three friends stayed (using airbnb) this past holiday weekend. It was a good mix of locals and a few tourists (mainly my group). We all ordered coffees and breakfast, and enjoyed the live music that was being performed. I was boring and just had the eggs, meat, and biscuit, but it was very good. My friends also enjoyed their foods (biscuits and gravy, greek yogurt and honey, and muffins) and coffees. The only bummer-no alcohol. But I probably didn't need to drink every morning anyway!! Can't wait to come visit here again!Tout De Suite Cafe serves both breakfast and lunch, but I am going to review the breakfast because that's the reason I visited,.
I stopped in on a Friday morning at about 10 and, while there was a good crowd, it wasn't overly packed. The way it works here is you order at the counter,  then find a table and wait for someone to bring you your food. The cafe is small, but it's a lovely atmosphere and a spot that seems to be full of neighborhood locals enjoying their breakfast and reading the paper.
I decided to get the Atchafalaya- crawfish etoufee poured over organic grits that comes with 2 eggs, which I decided to get on the side. After a short wait, the food came and wow- this is seriously a lot of food for this early in the morning! It was a large portion of delicious etouffee and buttery creamy grits. I loved that the etoufee had just enough spice to it, without being overwhelming and the eggs were cooked to perfection and I will gladly admit, that there was no way I was able to defeat this dish and I absolutely had leftovers. The meal was $13 and worth every penny.
I would love to return and maybe eat outside now that the weather is cooling down.Delicious.  Atchafalaya is a must try. The grits was so creamy and perfectly seasoned. Iced coffee was perfect for a warm morning. This place is a neighborhood gem. Stop in if you're staying in the Gretna area.Great local spot with awesome breakfast. Had something with the country gravy and it was excellent. Their grits were probably some of the best I've ever had.Coffee was great. The quiche was wonderful. Highly recommend this small little corner restaurant. Very quaint in the heart of Algiers Point.Food was good but the service wasn't. People remember how the food was, but they also remember how you treat them. I asked the server to check my order when purchasing (placed a phone order) and she offended, pushed the bag to me and shared "check it if you want." Then seemed really upset when I asked for items like syrup. Save the attitude - it's not a good look.Kudos to the single server who tends to all and works the cash register too! I dont know her name, but she was kind, fast, and had a smile on her face that seemed genuine. I had the traditional breakfast with two eggs over easy, bone in ham slice (took me back to childhood) and the organic grits. I skipped on taking a photo bc it was a work breakfast and didn't want to be rude.  
The place is small with a few tables to the left and a bar on the right and by the right windows. Local art on the walls, some for sale. Food was great and they offer Wi-Fi. I'm told the neighborhood is a bit sketchy but that early in the morning (around 7) there were few people out and about. Frequent locals were in and out (order at counter then you sit). I parked up the road on Patterson but there were spots closer to the cafe. Nice and green outside too. Cafe is on a corner.I have tried so hard to like this spot. It's close to my home, and I really hoped when I moved to the Point that it would become a constant hangout. My first 2 visits were promising, but the next several months worth of visits were a big disappointment and I am truly thinking of not going back.
It has some bright spots, but there are some things are just so bad I can't ignore them.
 I have ordered coffee there at least 5 times, as well as a cappuccino, and all have been undrinkable. The coffee was cold every time, and tasted as if it had been sitting for too long. I watched the cappuccino being made, and it was not made correctly and tasted as bad as the coffee usually does. So, I have completely given up on the coffee  experience there. (I did try 5 times, I REALLY do wish I could like this place)
There are always flies buzzing around. No matter what time of year, every single time I have been there. I can understand it once in awhile, but all the time has me a little suspicious. 
 I would say that the employees as a whole are wonderful people. Sometimes they are very friendly and happy, but other times they seem totally miserable. I have witnessed what seemed to be the owner chewing out an employee, and that really cast a shadow over that place for me. I am only assuming that this lady was the owner, since I see her there a lot and she seems to be in charge. She seems to be very friendly to customers and not so friendly to her workers. 
Like I stated earlier, some of the food is quite good, but it is also wildly inconsistent. It seems to me that they might sometimes keep things around longer than they should. (And no matter what, do not order a burger there. The patties are pre cooked and just reheated. It tastes like some bad leftovers, which basically it is.) Food needs to be fresh, when I pay for food, I expect it to be fresh.
I still have hope that Tout de Suite could clean up it's act and become an amazing place. With a good cleaning and some work on their food and drink quality, they could  probably have something truly amazing. But for now, I will be having to look to other places.We often visited for brunch after our Sunday morning bike ride when we lived in Algiers and occasionally visit when we have time now that we've moved further away.  The food is tasty and the service has never been anything but stellar.  Normally there's someone playing music on weekend mornings, which makes for wonderful atmosphere and a great start to the day.  I've been in for lunch a few times too...my partner loves their Reuben, though I'm more partial to their veggie fare.Food is good but customer service from counter person sucks. The lady that cooks is sooo very nice. She had to take over for a week when regular counter person was out and it was a much more Pleasant atmosphere.We wandered across on the Canal Street ferry today to check out Algiers Point and found this neighborhood gem. We drove but you can easily walk to it from the ferry stop. I spent hour sipping coffee with a delicious gluten free muffin (yep gluten free!) and finishing off some work I needed to do on my vacation. ( free wi-fi) This place makes you feel like you belong in the neighborhood. Nothing touristy about it, very welcoming, excellent food, calm, relaxing. If I lived in NOLA, I'd choose this neighborhood. When you need to escape the crazies in the French Quarter, hop on the ferry and wind your way to Tout De Suite!This small cafe is easy to miss if you're not looking for it deliberately. Located at a crazy intersection of angles streets in Algiers Point, when you walk in, you are immediately engaged by a chalkboard with the affordable Special of the Day. Various other temptations dot the menu. This is one of the few spots in NOLA that did not feature alcohol which was nice. The clientele seemed content to linger over the Very large portions. The table service was quick and very friendly. A great little cafe and sandwich pace for getting away from the hustle and bustle.Food tastes great. Atmosphere is nice... Only reason it gets 4 stars is because the employees are super rude. They act like you are an inconvenience to them.We love breakfast here. The biscuits are my favorite and their Huevos Rancheros is delicious! Get there before church lets out to grab a table.Stopped in for breakfast yesterday and was extremely surprised! You could tell it was a local joint and rather busy, but the service was quick. We sat outside to eat and the food was really great. At first I was concerned with the prices - but it's on par to anything you'd get a ferry ride away so the prices made sense. I would definitely go again and recommend to anyone staying in Algiers.There are no postings or signs anywhere that breakfast isn't served all day. We waited almost a half hour in line to order. When we get up there the Lady was super rude and acted like we were idiots for trying to order breakfast. We were going to do lunch there but the lady rubbed us the wrong way. Looks and smelled good though!This place is so good!  I always have consistently great food and service. I recommend the juevos rancheros. They are the best I've ever had!  Coffee here is delicious. It's small and quaint and very inviting. Hot food isn't served on Mondays tho so I usually come a different day. You can still get pastries and coffee on Mondays. I've also been here for lunch and had tuna salad and soup. Both were delicious. I definitely recommend this place and I bring friends and family when they're in town.This café has fabulous food. As 10 vegetarians, we were concerned about finding enough options, but we had no problems. The food was EXCELLENT, particularly the house salad served with all entrees. Everything was cooked to order and the single chef/server provided everything in a very reasonable amount of time given the 9 dishes we ordered.I had the deep south breakfast.  I'm usually very wary of anything smothered in gravy. This, though, was very light, and very filling. I also appreciated the casual atmosphere, and the smooth coffee.Food is outstanding,though a tad on the expensive side,thier Veggie burgers can't be beatI stepped past the community events flyers nestled on the outside bulletin board and into a creaky, lively gathering spot with hardwood floors (always my weak spot) and a decent doorway view into the tiny sort of messy "kitchen" just feet behind the counter. This place is my dream neighborhood cafe, I thought. Actually, I exclaimed it to my boyfriend.
In actuality, it's not a place I can sit for hours and feel good about buying something at my typical 1 hour per purchase rate (freelancer etiquette I try my hardest to maintain.) I love the public computer (no porn or games), I love that several elderly members of the Algiers Point community are regulars, complete with regular orders and regular dining companions, I love that there is often live music at least on the densely packed weekend brunch times, and I love that ginger-cardamon-molasses cookies are a regular, not a seasonal cookie.
As is true with so many mainstays in one's neighborhood, TDS is a treasure chest of paradoxes: the cafe's prices are steep (I blinked and realized I spent $22 on a salad in two drinks, and it all happened before I could say 'debit card'). Cookies are the size of my face which makes the $2 price tag actually okay in my book, and muffins are not as pioneer-spirited in consistency and sugar dosing as I prefer (theirs are solidly connected to the cake family). 
The staff (also owners?) are friendly and frank, another combo of opposites that is a good thing for a business I'll patronize frequently. A barista might complain loudly that a newcomer to the area expected her to remember her "regular" order after visiting once, and not ordering from her, but her mother, who looks like her. Another barista may tease the cook about how she's lost interest in the bearded man walking his dogs outside the window, and everyone at any moment may be short with you when you ask for the third time what became of your Marigny (English muffins, PB, berries) takeout order. (Waiting 30 minutes during peak times for an English muffin makes Miss B cranky, and gives her enough time to calculate how much she'd save if she drove to Rouse's for English muffins.) Sometimes I feel like I am finally getting my finger on the pulse of this New Orleans transplant thing when I eavesdrop here. 
Today, a young couple complained about how many "layers of shellac" people seem to need to put on their houses here. They also said "it seems like it SHOULD be cheap to live here, but it's not." They clucked about this as they sat under the array of magnets someone glued together from bits of trash, selling for $20 a pop. They also repeated "New Orleans" by name a lot, to the point where I started to worry the spirit of Nola might be conjured and smite us all on the spot. But I digress into my superstitious nature.
To me, The Abbeville breakfast entree explains why this is pricier and a bit edgier than your typical neighborhood coffeeshop gathering place. Sausage patties, two poached eggs on CRISPY grits, grilled biscuit, and Steen's cane syrup. Very heavy and very wonderful. Each item is prepared carefully and the layers of elements work just right. The menu is curated with effort and intention, and you're sure to feel like you're tasting a slice of southern Louisiana culture if you take weekend breakfast here. It's better to think of this place as a full on restaurant with made to order entrees--the food is worth it, and then you won't feel pissed when you realize you've spent $30 for a hungover weekend breakfast for two from the local coffeeshop.
If you live in AP, you are probably always here. 
See you soon!Fantastic breakfast place, come early as it can fill up fast. Menu is fresh and meals are thoughtfully crafted, ambience is warm and welcoming. we hope ot be regulars now that we have relocated to algiers point! The avocado toast breakfast is generously portioned and a refreshing change from common breakfast options in the GNO area, and one of few savory vegetarian options around hereI had the Reuben with pasta salad and it was quite good, the marble rye was a nice touch as well. The place itself had a very cool vibe and i love that they have a bunch of books you could grab while eating. I'll be back here again.Goodness! When I stopped in here just to use the internet and get a quick breakfast I had no idea this would be one of the best biscuits and grave dishes I have had so far. Although not cheap for a breakfast joint, I highly recommend it.Saw this place on Yelp and was recommended by several neighbors and coworkers. The Huevos Rancheros was great and up there with the best I have ever had. This place had a great feel and the staff was friendly. They even helped us find the owners of a lost dog that was running around outside. We will diffently becoming regulars here.Worth the ferry ride over! Missed breakfast, but lunch was tasty. A simple yet delicious side of potato salad and a chicken/bacon panini that was large and in charge with plenty of melted cheese.One of my favorite places in all of New Orleans.  We live near the Irish Channel and have biked downtown to the ferry and crossed the river to spend the morning here.  The food is wonderful, coffee excellent, and the live music on Sat and Sun morning is a real treat.There is no greater compliment that I can give to Tout De Suite than that I don't mind the flies that are plentiful in the summer everywhere in New Orleans... I have named a few and developed a first-name relationship with them.
The price is moderate for what you get: but the sandwiches are so good I feel like I get away with a steal every time. 
Breakfast here is complex and interesting, and feels like health-food masquerading as hashbrowns and too many pancakes.  (This is the triumph of atmosphere, partly, which is artsy and cool, but much more that Tout de Suite's operators really do value freshness and quality in their ingredients.)  
The coffee is so-so, but good enough as an excuse to hang out in this really charming, cool place.
Now and then some really good musicians lend a tone.
Well worth coming.Awesome breakfast skillets and home cooking with a quaint atmosphere! A true Algiers Point treasure!We choose Tout de Suite Cafe because it was close to the hotel and they have a pretty good rating here on Yelp. I had the Poche and my wife had Biscuits & Gravy. We were both very happy with our choices.  The biscuits were soft and the gravy was very tasty. My Poche was great, never having had boudin I wasn't sure what to expect but this was very tasty and the eggs and grits were perfect. I don't know what happened with the previous reviewer that reported bad service to tourists. I was wearing a Broncos shirt on game day and they treated me just fine!A girlfriend of mine and I arrived in NOLA at 8 am and were unable to check in until 11 am. We were recommended to try this place out as it is only a few blocks from where we are staying. We ordered the Cajun boudin which was served over cheese grits and eggs and topped off with some sort of amazing sauce! I had a cold brew coffee which tasted excellent. This place was just as cute and cozy as the woman who recommended it to us said it would be! We will definitely visit this place again before flying back home!If you take the ferry over to Algiers Point, make sure you have this place on your itinerary.  Best twist on biscuits and gravy with the home fries on the bottom and the two eggs on top.  The biscuits are grilled so they don't get soggy and the gravy is no too salty.  A nice little place that appears to serve a lot of locals, I see why.Very pleased with our lunch meal at Toute de Suite. Our hostess was kind, she refilled our drinks as soon as they were halfway, food for the whole table was delivered more or less together. The menu is exactly the right length with a simple variety of options that should please anyone. French style food that matched or exceeded my experiences in Paris itself. My sister loved the Croque Monsieur, my parents enjoyed the chicken salad and I relished my prosciutto. What a great deal: $10 for a sandwich with a side of soup or salad!
My only reason for not giving a 5 is the ambiance. I think Tout de Suite would benefit from a soft French tune playing in the background and brighter decor, but otherwise everything was parfait! Great chance to stop by Algiers, and I recommend stopping by the Rosetree glass studio too before returning to ferry.I was participating in a rummage sale down the street when my stomach started to rumble. I knew I needed coffee and breakfast-stat! My friend and I walked down to satisfy our early morning breakfast needs. I really liked the vibe of this place and the sunshine-y attitude of the staff. It makes for such a pleasant start to any day. 
I ordered their "toot suite" breakfast in a go cup, $6.50 for eggs, bacon and grits layered in a pretty decent cup--I was full for the next 6 hours!
The iced coffee brewed with vanilla bean was not what I expected, and though different, not terrible as I drank the whole thing, however I wouldn't order it again. It had a sweetness that could almost be interpreted as bitter, though it finished with some sugar. 
The breakfast offerings were abundant as well as the fresh baked cookies, pastries and quiche. Non coffee beverages were also quite wide with coolers full of flavored Pellegrino, honest juice boxes and Odawalla juice blends.
Definitely a great neighborhood establishment that serves up the right mix of atmosphere, value and taste.Great food and the ladies were very friendly. Well worth a trip for an out of towner visiting NOLA.Came here a few years ago and had the atchafalya (sp?) which is crawfish etouffee on top of grits and two eggs (mine were sunny side up). Came back three years later and it was just as good as I remembered! I loooove that dish and this place. Great breakfast spot or just a neat place to hang in Algiers!Southern perfect cookin'!
This is the PERFECT breakfast/brunch spot. Incredible food, from simple southern, masterful quiches, to the signature Atchafalaya it's heaven. Add great coffee or espresso and enjoy the local vibe of regulars and a little live guitar on Sunday morning.
The biscuits taste like my grandmothers kitchen, and the grits were perfect as well. I didn't sample the amazing looking pastries as even my gluttony in heaven has its limits.
It's worth the trip over the bridge from the quarter to this nice part of Algiers to get the best breakfast in NOLA without the tourist claptrap.My sister recently moved a few houses down from Tout de Suite and every time I walked by, this charming little cafe caught my eye. I finally dove in and entered this sweet shop. I saw one staff member, very friendly with the few locals hanging around. After perusing their board, I ordered their Southern Belle: a chicken salad sandwich featuring apples, pecans, and celery with a side of locally made kettle chips (Zapps). The sandwich bread had been toasted to pair with the cold salad. The salad featured large chunks of chicken breast that tasted delicious with every bite. My husband ordered the Reuben panini with potato salad. He enjoyed his sandwhich, although he eventually removed the bread due to it getting a bit soggy. The potato salad had sliced potatoes and a hint of sweetness. We paired our lunch with a glass bottle Mexican Coke, although they had a bevy of coffee and tea drinks. If I had the room, I would have loved to indulge in one of their sweet baked goods, such as the blueberry pie that was featured. If you are looking for a charming place to eat in Algiers' Point, or a quick trip across the ferry from the quarter, stop by Tout de Suite!Awesome neighborhood café. Baked goods are fresh and tasty (try the green tomato pie if it is available). Sandwiches are hearty and fresh, great value.Love at first sight.  This little cafe has everything you could want in a cafe.  Rustic homely decor, great menu, local art and music... but there are areas of improvement.
Great selection of salads, sandwiches, paninis as well as a creative breakfast menu. Live music at breakfast on the weekends. 
There aren't many tables and the place is pretty busy on weekends.  Once customers leave the tables, it took a long time before they were cleaned, if they were at all.  Its clear there is no busser.  We ended up sitting at a dirty table to grab a seat.
I had huevos rancheros.  Fried eggs ontop of a heaping pile of black beans and corn tortillas layered in there somewhere.  The eggs were undercooked, there was way too much black beans, and the tortillas were just a soggy mess.  I wouldn't call this the "best" huevos rancheros as the menu states.  The flavors were decent but execution was poor.      
I think this place has potential.  I will be back.  Hopefully other menu items are better.Yummy place to get breakfast. They have abstract art all along the walls. It seems like the type of place only locals go to so it's not pretentious. The food is delicious and comes out hot and quick. I ordered the huevos rancheros and would recommend it!I've eaten here 7 times and try something new every time because the dishes are all so different. Every one of them, from lox and a bagel, to crawfish étouffée over eggs over grits, to tuna salad, has been so delicious and that's why I keep coming back. Finding a seat can be a challenge on weekend mornings but it hasn't stopped us yet. Heading there in the morning and can't wait to try something new.Amazing breakfast!! Good atmosphere and good service!  Visiting from Texas and love the place!I visited this cafe for the first time today.  I ordered the Atchafalaya - crawfish ettouffe over organic grits with 2 eggs (I opted for packed eggs).  Wow!  It was the best thing I ate all week and probably the best breakfast I have ever eaten.I absolutely love this breakfast place in historic Algiers point. The food is always exceptional and comes out quickly. It's a perfect place to come for a quiet and unique breakfast in a very unique little café. Their potatoes are soooooo good, and their pancakes are really good as well! If you stop in, you won't be sorry!Absolutely amazing food here!! Excellent coffee too. The best breakfast we have ever eaten! Get the atchafaya for breakfast.An absolute must for a friendly and delicious breakfast!
If you like a farm size hot breakfast, it made to order here. Everyone I've seen appears in love and to busy chewing to talk.
I prefer a lighter fare . The baked goods are out of this world!! The peach danish and apricot muffin were particular favorites. I've also been enjoying the Cafe au Lait!Love this place. It's one of the reasons we love going to Algiers Point so much. The food is just as good as the coffee. I had the best banana chocolate chip muffin in my life here. It's a really cool spot and worth checking out if you're in the area.My husband, several friends and I stayed in a VRBO around the corner from Tout De Suite last weekend, and breakfast there (3 of our 4 days in NOLA!) was a fail-safe start to our grueling, sunburned days at Jazz Fest. From the oatmeal to the Bermuda Triangles -- my new favorite vegetarian fare to make at home -- to multiple egg dishes, the offerings were impressive, we all agreed. The musical duos that soundtracked our Saturday and Sunday mornings added to the experience, as well. As busy as the place was, we didn't wait too terribly long for our food, nor did we feel rushed out. Somehow it all just flowed. Wish we had one of these right down the street from MY house!I really wish that this cafe was not in Algiers, because if I didn't have to cross a river to get to it I'd be there every day. They'd have to kick me out at closing time.  It's beautiful, inside and out, and the staff is always so friendly. The first time I went there I gave my order at the counter of a cup of oolong tea and one of their fresh-made candied ginger cardamom black pepper cookies (!!!) and the lady ringing me up just said  to me, "oh honey, just go grab the one you want!" Dangerous words, ma'am.
I love coming here for brunch on Sundays. It's quiet and laid-back, definitely off the beaten/touristy path (due to it's location). The prices are reasonable and the food is made-to-order and delicious. I like their eggs to order plate; you can customize it any number of ways but I like it with poached eggs, skillet potatoes, bacon (thick cut and so flavorful), and a moist & flaky buttermilk biscuit. I'm always hesitant to order poached eggs in restaurants because more often than not they come out over/underdone but here they do them PERFECTLY. The last time I ate here my partner got the Atchafalaya, which is a crawfish étouffée over creamy grits and eggs to your liking. By the time I got around to asking him if he was enjoying his meal he'd all but inhaled it. So I'm guessing the answer was 'yes'.
They have a full complement of cafe beverages: plenty of coffee (fair trade) and tea options (loose, so, better quality than your standard bag variety) as well as a slew of juices/kombucha/soda/etc. There are also fresh baked pastries and sweets, I already mentioned the cookies but there are cakes and little tarts and quiches and whatnot. 
There's an entire lunch menu and plenty of vegan/vegetarian options. The quinoa patties look delicious, as does the wild mushroom mac'n'cheese. I have a feeling this is going to be one of those places where I end up trying everything on the menu. 
Make a nice morning of it: take the streetcar down to the ferry, take the ferry across the river, and take a nice little walk to the cafe. You won't be disappointed!Tout De Suite was probably the favorite "find" of our entire trip this year (other than Algiers Point itself). We found it to be a handy place to break a twenty for ferry fare, but there are many more reasons to go here.
As a coffee shop, they make all the standard drinks, and they were making King Cake lattes for the season. The glass case and counter are laden with sinful-looking pastries, cakes and pies; a couple of enormous cookies were good for snacking on all day. They do soup, sandwiches and salads for lunch, but what you really want to pay attention to is that chalkboard breakfast menu, especially the top. Some are a little pricey, but well worth it-they're delicious and you probably won't be needing to eat again for hours. The Atchafalaya (crawfish ettouffe, grits and eggs) and Poche (boudin, grits, eggs and sauce piquant) both sounded amazing, so Yelper Daughter and I decided to divide and conquer; our forks were straying to each other's plates, for sure! 
The place itself is completely charming. It sits on a corner, so it's bright and sunny inside. They've preserved the interior of the old building, from the worn wood walls and ceiling to the beautiful display case and counters. Local art and old posters adorn the walls, and there's an old piano that, if you're lucky, will get used while you're there. The staff are friendly, and the whole place has a laid-back, neighborly vibe that fits in perfectly with beautiful Algiers Point. I will be back-many, many times.Great stop in Algiers Point for a little snack & espresso pick me up. Short walk from ferry terminal. Good location to sit out when weather is nice & people watch.I really wish I could write this review in French.
Tout de Suite is just a short ferry-ride away from the base of Canal street, then a nice stroll through the very interesting town of Algiers Point. Really cute, I mean cool, interior.
Ordered the Reuben, but also tried the Cuban, Deep South (biscuits & gravy, egg, & potatoes), Katrita (Huevos Rancheros) and Algerine (Greek yogurt) -- we had a big party. My advice is to skip out on the paninis, unless they're your drug, in which case you should try more types of food. Go for the breakfast dishes instead. BUT, the red potato salad you MUST have if you are a fan of p-salads.
The Reuben and Cuban paninis were pretty good still, but when was the last time you had a panini that made you pause and wonder about how many hours you've wasted eating sub-par food? The Katrita and Deep South might lead to this introspection.
I usually only order Huevos Rancheros not because of the taste, but because it's so fun to say, with a rolled tongue and over-exaggerated accent. "Waaayvos Lancheeelos" is how it goes. But this one was really, really good. It's worthy of its pronunciation. 
Deep South is a mixture of The Breakfast Greats: biscuits & gravy, egg, and potatoes. It's served on a skillet. Nothing bad ever came served on a skillet.
Algerine is also a good healthy option. LASTLY, get their Vanilla Latte, iced. Just do it.This is the best place to eat in the point, and I'm pretty sure it's the only place that has ever served breakfast here. Anything on the menu is at least worth a try. I've been coming here over the years and service and quality has always been consistently great.Nice, cozy little cafe with lots of character.  Friendly lady working at the front.  The Seduction Salad was deliciously satisfying, with lots of fresh lettuce (I think it included some arugula, which I love), shredded carrots. sliced cucumbers, halved cherry tomatoes, walnuts, almonds, dried cranberries, sliced avocado, and a yummy vinaigrette dressing in a container.  (Love it when the dressing is in a container so that you can add only as much as you want and don't have a salad drowning in dressing).  I also had a Le Jardin hummus sandwich but without the feta (not a fan of feta).  The sandwich was good, though a bit on the slim side without the feta.  Loved the hearty bread they used for the sandwich, the hummus was tasty (although just a thin layer), and the veggies were fresh.  I also had the quinoa salad, which seemed to have feta in it too.  My dining companion had a tuna salad sandwich which he said was good, and he also had the couscous, which seemed pretty good.  I got a morning glory muffin, and it made a deliciously wholesome snack.  I love getting baked goods at health-oriented places, because they don't drown them in sugar and oil.
A number of tables had plates, napkins, etc. left from previous customers left on them, so we cleared out a table by the window for ourselves.  Guess they were a little short of help that afternoon when we stopped by.
They had an old upright piano there as well as a little play area for kids.
Veg*n options.  Great place to relax for a bit.This is a great little place in a frequent often. They serve breakfast till 12 daily. Their salads and sandwiches are incredible I try to eat here twice a week. try them out you won't be disappointed.One of my favorite places in NOLA. The food is great and it's off the beaten path. The place is totally low key. The atmosphere is quite fun and I love having breakfast out front. Highly recommended as a coffee shop or breakfast joint.Went for brunch with mom and hubby.  Ordered the huevos rancheros and Poche (boudin).  Food came quickly and was delicious! Nice little gem of a place.  Nothing fancy, just comfortable and friendly. If you find yourself in Old Algiers, don't fail to check 'em out.Dont expect over the top Cajun cream sauce cuisine at this neighborhood hangout. 
You won't get fat but your taste buds will thank you for dropping by, as will your billfold. 
I dropped in on a lazy sat afternoon and had a delicious bowl of chicken tortilla soup. 
If you're burnt out on Po boys and étouffée give this one a try.Giiiiiiiiiiirl! Me and my cousin said, if we lived here, we would make a special trip on the Algiers ferry, weekly, for this food. We've never been to Louisiana, and never had American French food. We were so beyond pleasantly surprised. Not that we were expecting anything less, but we about died and went to heaven. 
We traveled over by ferry, and wondered around the neighborhood and gawked at all the beautiful homes. We made our way, and found the cafe. It was so cute and picturesque! We wandered in, and ordered our meals. Shortly after, deliciousness was placed in front of us.Excellent breakfast/brunch place across the river from Bourbon street.  It has a pleasant, charming atmosphere with excellent food.  I got to try the atchafalaya and the pain perdu french toast.  Everything was great, but special mention to the atchafalaya!
Crawfish ettouffe on over easy eggs and grits.  The ettouffe adds some acidity and brightness to the thickness and creaminess of the grits and eggs.  Absolutely perfect.  Definitely try this place out if you have a chance to!This place has incredible food, great service, and you can taste the love and pride the food is made with. You will leave feeling very satisfied! 
They also make great coffee. I had an americano and my wife had an ice coffee, cold brewed with vanilla bean; both were awesome.My local neighborhood place. Some incredible etoufee on The Atchafalaya. Great atmosphere.If you are in Algiers Point and want a good breakfast this is the place. A short walk from the Algiers ferry. Since the Quarter offers little for breakfast I recommend taking the ferry and walking here. Worth the ferry ride. Order the Poche.It was a nice cafe. The coffee was good and they have a good food selection. The Paninis and soups were good and the prices are decent! The staff was kinda nice! We just couldn't stay seated inside because it's an open kitchen and our eyes were watering from the cut onions! We were crying!:) So we had to move outside! They also have outdoor seating. It was a nice short stop for 4 hungry people.Food and vibe were both great.  Nice mellow live music ona Saturday morning.  The whole area of Algiers is great for wandering top.Lovely, quiet cafe in Algiers.  A straight up friendly and welcoming neighborhood joint.
My bike tire went flat outside and the woman behind the counter (who seems to run the place herself) put together a stellar veggie sandwich and iced soy chai for me while locals gave me directions to give a friend.  When the friend got lost on the way to pick me up, they got all into helping her out, and clapped when her car pulled up.
Went back today- gorgeous day for a trip to Algiers., Decent tea and uncomfortable chairs inside, but a perfect place to homebase yourself to get some work and writing done on a lazy afternoon if the sun's shining, because the outdoor seating works and people walk by with puppies and babies and say "how ya doin?"Cute atmosphere, and the owner Jill is very nice. The food is tasty and made quickly. price is fair for breakfast or lunch. I recommend this coffee shop!I had the Katrina (veggie) 1 day & French toast w/ Fresh Fruit on another visit. All the reviews & pics are spot on do yourself a favor & visit! Oh & the customer service is also a treat! I will be back on my next visit to Nawlins!!