For the gluten intolerant/celiac crowd, the first thing you should know is that Truburger has a gluten free bun that tastes amazing! It looks a little weird, but honestly, isn't it the taste that matters (especially to those of us who usually can't even have a bun at a restaurant)!  
The burgers and fries are great. My husband - who can eat gluten - says their regular menu items aren't anything to sneeze at either.  The fries also really good!
They have practically anything you could imagine wanting as a topping, and have a vegetarian option. So, it's a pretty customer-friendly place. Our service has also been great the few times we've gone. The atmosphere is also really nice - casual and fun. 
If you're a Tulane/Loyola student or an Ochsner employee, they also have discounts for you. 
I'd definitely check it out!I really want this place to be good, as I frequent happy hour and the bars on Oak, and I would have loved a nice quick place to grab some food.  
Unfortunately after several visits and giving it several chances I can't see ever going back again.  Way too overpriced for what it is and the decor looks like they just ripped it off a 5 Guys Burger. On my last visit my burger and bun just disintegrated and crumbled apart as I attempted to eat it and they were completely out of iced tea.  The place was also nearly deserted on my last visit but all the tables were covered in trash.  They actually want tips even though it is exactly like any other fast food burger joint and they don't provide any "service."  Bud's Broiler is better.
They might be able to redeem themselves with some major work but it will take something major to get me back in here as Camilla Grill is a far better and cheaper burger of the same type and nearby GB's is far superior.I had the pattymelt with a side of onion rings, and my girlfriend had a hot dog. She said it was the best hot dog she'd ever had. And my pattymelt was fantastic. The onion rings were well seasoned, well battered, and well fried. Service was very friendly and prompt. Couldn't ask for more. 
First stop when I'm craving a burger.I tried Truburger cuz I was in the mood for a veggie burger.  Big mistake.  It's made of beets and I am not a big beet fan so I was disappointed when I discovered this.  It had no flavor at all and was the worst veggie burger I've ever had.  The shoestring fries were basically a salt bomb.  The one redeeming quality was that the staff seemed nice.  Too bad the food was so disappointing.If you're in the mood for a fresh, grilled burger or hot dog then you've found the place. Burgers starting at $7 but more like $9 with what you really want on it,.... I had The Charlie (Swiss, bacon, coleslaw) and added fried onion strings - DELICIOUS :0) The table next to me got a hot dog with chili, relish and cheese which looked amazing as well. Fries are crispy, shoestring style which I loved as well. They also sell shakes and malts (maybe next time;0) All in all a great place for a great, quick meal.I loved Tru Burger! 
I really liked the setup, it's got the classic diner feel with a modern twist. The staff were all very friendly and attentive. 
Thin cut fries are my favorite and they give you quite a bit with your order. The burger didn't blow my mind or anything, but it was still delicious. 
I definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for a burger or hot dog. 
You must have a chocolate malt! They're excellent.Great burger, love the tru sauce, also the pickles are some of the best Ive had on a burger, I need to ask who they buy fromI've definitely fallen in love with Truburger.  If you just want a basic, good quality burger at a decent price, Truburger is easily one of the best games around.  The meat is well-seasoned and of good quality.  They don't use extremely thick paddies (although you can order a double) which is usually more what I'm looking for to avoid getting lockjaw.  As much as love the gazillion-pound gourmet burgers some places serve, I'm usually more in the market for something more manageable. 
The staff is friendly, they have self-serve fountain drinks, the PBR is cheap and the milkshakes are mind-blowing. If you're feeling like good ol' American food, piling down to Truburger is a very good bet.This place is great!  I kinda don't get why it's not rated higher.  The two times I've been there the food came out quickly, which is important when you have an entourage of small children who act like they are riddled with ravenous intestinal parasites when forced to wait for food like mine do.  Reasonably priced, too.
Turkey burger was good, as was the beef burger.  Buns are great, toppings are nice and fresh.  The jalapenos were fresh not pickled, which was a surprise but a nice surprise because I like spicy.  The food item/extra that goes above and beyond here, though, is the bacon.  This might be the best bacon I've ever had at a restaurant.  If you like your bacon really extra crispy but still thick so it doesn't fall apart into like potato-chip texture but rather still maintains a meaty character, then you need to get bacon here.
They have skinny little well-done fries.  Usually I like thicker mushy-centered fries, but these are delicious, no complaints from here.  A large order of fries is huge.  The first time I was here we got two baskets of large fries to split between two adults and three and a half fry eating children (the baby takes a couple and lollipops them), and we ended up with a lot of extra.  This time we got one and everyone was satisfied.  
It would be nice if they had a few more specialty burgers on the menu.  They have like five or six but I'm an idiot and I don't usually have the brainpower to make my own creative burger idea, so I like trying pre-tested combos.  
In the future I'd like to try a milkshake here, and maybe their jalapeno poppers or onion rings.We were here on a Saturday, trying to enjoy a night out in lovely New Orleans with some friends. Midsummer Mardi Gras, people dancing in the streets, it was just a jolly old time until we got to Truburger. The manager started blowing quite possibly the most obnoxious whistle ever to be created to signal that they were no longer taking orders. She then blew her demon whistle to accompany her unnecessarily aggressive calling out customers' orders. When multiple patrons voiced their anguish, she responded by blowing the whistle while maintaining eye contact with the contrarian and stating that we were free to leave. I could swear I also heard a maniacal laugh to accompany her gracious words, but that may be a hyperbole. Overall: she sucksHad the burger, it was awesome.  Had the hot dog it was even better.  Great place for a quick bite.  Milkshakes are solid too.HUGE disappointment.
My husband and I tried it out at 6:30 on a Friday night, and while it was busy, it wasn't packed.  Every table was dirty and piled with half eaten food from previous customers.
The burger  - was thin (it was falling apart to the touch) and way too greasy.  The extra toppings also need a little better portion control. If I'm paying $1.50 to add bacon I want a a solid strip (or two) - not 4 small bacon bits.
The fries  - were teeny tiny, most of them were less than 1/2" in length, and had no taste other than grease.
The milkshake - was decent, but the straws are miniscule. I've never worked so hard to get my drink through a straw before.
If I could give Tru Burger one word of advice it would be: THICKER. Thicker burgers, thicker (and longer fries), and thicker straws.
I really wanted to like Tru Burger. I love Patois and I sincerely hope that Chef Burgau can turn things around and make this a fast food burger joint in the vein of Farmburger in Atlanta.Overpriced and overcooked. Heard  the girls In the kitchen talking about the roach problem. Noped right out of there.Love Truburger! It is my favorite place to get a burger in New Orleans, and the food is consistently good. The burgers here are similar to those at Shake Shack in NYC. They're on the small side, but not in a bad way. They're the perfect size to fill you up, but not over fill you. Also their friends are ridiculously good! Perfectly crispy. Also the prices are great for the quality food you get. I love this place!The uptown burger is really good! Fantastic flavor. The saints game was on,  so I wasn't too upset when I had to wait 35 minutes for my food. The place wasn't even busy.Their burgers are phenomenal. I got mine with avocado and bacon, and I really enjoyed it! Their shakes are thick and creamy. I really liked the vanilla one! Come check it out it's located on oak close to many other unique businesses.I'm sorry but the ordering system begins a very flawed restaurant experience. The food quality is not even up to standards, I'd rather eat at Camellia Grill or the Frost Stop. For a very limited menu, this place was so disappointing that I left half my mediocre burger. There is NOTHING special going for this place. The gray walls with yellow accents are awful to look at. The chili my husband got was so cold the cheese never even began to melt that was in it. It all seemed like cafeteria level dining from the 80s. I will not be returning.Best burger in the "middle" burger price range in town. Since the new owners took over, the food has gotten MUCH better, restaurant is cleaner, and the service is much more friendly. Nice view for people watching while you eat! For the Nurses: they do a 10% Ochsner discount, all you have to do is ask!I eat at this place every time I'm near oak street.  I feel like their burgers are what fast food burgers tasted like before the age of frozen patties and "natural" flavors.  The burgers are thin, but juicy and flavorful.  The salad on top is always fresh. The shoe string fries are perfect.  What I really love about this place is the price.  A burger and fries (that did not come out of a freezer) for under 10 dollars is something I thought no longer existed.Working right across the street, I find myself at Truburger on a semi-regular basis. I have to say, the service there is generally really good. The employees recognize regulars and are very friendly and efficient.
I usually go to Truburger when I don't have a lot of time for lunch, because I know my food will be ready in about 10 minutes from the time I order it. Their burgers a good, not the best, but very good considering the price. I highly recommend getting the onion rings as your side. They are as good as any I have had in the city.
Overall, good service and good burgers.The people were friendly but the tables were too close together. The counter service is cool but the burgers were greasy. The malts are good (says my friend) but the fries are too salty (says me). That's the way this place goes, I think. There is this but there is that. Like a girl/boyfriend who sticks around until you find someone/thing better. Maybe Tru is destined to be a desperate late night hookup. Or maybe they will get their stuff together and bring us roses one day and then we'll be theirs forever.
We'll definitely come back and see what's better in a few 
months.Well, I've done two trips to Tru Burger and each time has been a disappointment  The last one involved a burger and a  hotdog.  Seems Tru Burger now has the Dat Dog bun.  Unfortunately, Tru Burger is not Dat Dog.  The staff listless.  No sense of urgency.  The burger reminds me of Frost Top burger.  All in all, that that's it for me and Tru Burger.The patty is not super thick like Port of Call, but not thin Like buds. I'd err more on the side of calling it a thin patty because they do sell a double. Moist and not over cooked, but hot enough to melt the cheese, on a bun that falls to the background allowing you to taste all the other wonderful flavors, this burger really excels.
The PB Chocolate Shake is pretty friggin awesome also. TruBurger really excels at the "burger and shake" game, and my only comlpaint is that the dollars add upquickly when ordering.I wanted to like this place, I really did.  It's a good concept -- simple burger joint, with (thank God) a veggie option, a pleasantly decorated place in a nice location, with a laid-back atmosphere and what I found to be very friendly service (even if, as it turned out, also dangerously incompetent).  
But the execution is badly lacking in both quality and food safety.  I'll get the worst out of the way first: I came here with a severely peanut-allergic friend, who ordered a chocolate milkshake.  The milkshake they served was full of peanut butter!  (Who puts peanut butter in a milkshake?)  While my friend was in the bathroom puking, the staff apologized very kindly (apparently there was some kind of chocolate-peanut milkshake on special? not what we ordered, though!) and gave me my money back -- which I appreciated, but this hardly makes up for the fact that my friend spent the entire rest of the evening throwing up.  At least we ended up not having to go to the hospital.
But apart from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the burgers?  Well, my friend was by this point way too sick to report properly on the beef burger, but it didn't look like anything special.  The thin-cut fries were oversalted and overcooked, dry and dull.  (Why can't anyone in New Orleans, the city of fried food, figure out how to make a really good french fry?)
The veggie burger is the most bizarre abomination I've ever seen peddled under that name -- a breaded and deep-fried (?) patty made of mashed red beets and beans (???) that are so wet, it falls apart as soon as you bite through the breading.  It has nothing to do with a "burger," since AFAICT it isn't cooked on a grill, and it tastes like a fish-stick made of borscht.  I wouldn't be likely to get this again -- which means, as a vegetarian, I won't be returning, since it's the only option.  Even apart from the terrible treatment of allergy safety here, the food is just not good enough to merit a return trip.  Avoid.They should close up shop and cut their losses.  Billed month's ago as a gourmet burger spot by a major local chef, this can not be the case.  Greasy thin burger like Bud's but not as flavorful.  Pedestrian Hot Dog, decent fries, food court decor.  Might work for college students if it were more convenient to campus.Good basic burger.  Very good fries.  I can't figure out why they have so many employees at one time.  I was there on a Friday at 7pm and they weren't even half full and I counted at least 7 employees.  Yet, no servers or bussers.  Counter service with a tip jar.  Thank you for standing there and ringing in my order and handing me a cup to fill and refill my own drink - and yes, I'll go pick up my food and clean my table, but you - you $8.00/hour counter person, collect the tip.  If they made server wage of $2.13/hour and actually served me, glad to tip 20%+Not the cheapest, not the fastest, but if like me you are gluten-free or casein-free, this place is awesome! My favorite here is the uptown burger on a gluten free bun. The burgers taste great, and the gluten-free bun is pretty decent. It is very different than most I've had before, and like someone else said, is a bit like ciabatta.
For those who are very sensitive to gluten: I am not sure how safe it is. I've never gotten sick, but I avoid the fries because I don't know whether they have a dedicated frier for gluten and non-gluten. As far as handling the burgers and buns, I don't know what their exact process is as far as cleaning the grill and handling gluten free food. The lady working the register didn't seem all that knowledgeable, so it made me a bit worried. If you are very sensitive, I recommend asking about all the details. I didn't at first because I assumed that having a gluten-free option would mean they are very knowledgeable, but as I'm sure you know that isn't always the case.Trubuger is truly amazing! It's like a real diner style burger cooked on a flat top grill but you can get it with all kinds of fancy toppings. It's like Camellia Grill burgers but less greasy and classied up a bit. The size of the burgers are perfect for someone like me who can eat half of a usual serving at a restaurant, and perfect for kids too. My son ate the whole thing!! I got the Charlie, which has swiss cheese, bacon and coleslaw on it and I added grilled onions. Oh wow was that amazing! The fries are so yummy too. Fresh cut and seasoned, delicious!!! Next time I go, I'm going to get The Uptowner for sure. Goat cheese and arugula, OMG!!!I'm not a huge burger eater, mostly bc I don't eat much beef. But we had a drink deck card for Tru Burger, and finally had another person with us to use it ($30 tabs aren't easy to rack up at some places). 
I ordered The Patty Melt, with a turkey patty. Where lots of people have complained about the size of the burgers, I love that the patties aren't oversized. I found the size to be perfect. A single patty filled me without making me feel gross/ I didn't waste half a burger that I knew I would never eat reheated. The way they did the bun for the PM was nice and crisp. I meant to try a gluten free; I'll opt for that next time. Roommate got The Heat. He won lunch. For sure. Fresh jalapeños and sriracha for the win. Mom even went on about the burger, and she gets it naked. The onion rings are good, but the fries are where it's at!! Delicious!!! Just enough salt. Thin and crispy. Perfect. 
None of us tried a milkshake, but we may in the future. Seemed to be a hot item as they were calling out milkshake orders every couple of minutes. I did have a Mexican Coke. Anywhere that sells Mexican Coke makes me happy, bc I rarely want coke, but when I do, I want it with real cane sugar and not GMO HFCS!
Prices are pretty good. While the order line moved very slowly, I didn't find the wait for our order to be too long. And the place was packed. They're def doing burger joint right.My wife and I went there a few weeks after it first opened and were frankly unimpressed.  We decided to give it a try a few months later and now we really like the food! Especially the fries. We live close so we get take-out food there fairly often.
Unfortunately, we really don't enjoy eating in there because of the noise. Particularly because of the woman that is often there, calls out when orders are ready with a loud and shrill voice that is, for me, nearly unbearable. Now it must be said that this women is extremely nice and very customer focused. I have nothing against her. I like her. I simply don't enjoy dining as "#17!!! ... #18!!!" is echoing through the place at such a high volume it makes me cringe. That said, it doesn't seem to bother the other guest so maybe it's just me.
Overall, I recommend Truburger.Came here on the random rainy day. Ordered the bourbon root beer, Uptown burger, and Charlie burger. It was pretty darn. I recommend giving this place a shot. I will be backIt's a good burger place,  with a hip vibe without being hipster.  The staff is friendly and the food tasty.  Get a milkshake,  worth it.2.5 stars is what I would like to give this place. It was just a short drive away from my home, so I decided to give it a try. I ordered a single with cheese and avocado. The patty was very....average. Almost like your run of the mill Burger King patty. Flavorless as well. The bun was particularly weird...almost like it was made from a potato base or something..very thick and mealy. 
The fries were very average...
I will give them credit for the great strawberry milkshake that I ordered. Now, THAT was up to par. Very impressed. Besides that, go to Cowbell for your burgers.Tried to go tonight for the third time. The previous two times, the food was great! Last time, we arrived around 9:15, and while we were served, the staff was clearly less than thrilled to still have to be working. Tonight, we arrived at 9:32, and even though the door was open and the sign said the store closes at 10, we were turned away with a quick "We're closed". Based on our last two experiences, either Truburger should change its store hours, or it's making enough money that it can easily turn away customers for their not-so-cheap hamburgers.Been to this place several times now since moving to New Orleans. It doesn't disappoint! Go here if you're craving a well made, unpretentious ( I'm looking at you, Cowbell) decently sized burger. Also, you're not paying $15 for a burger and fries like you would at...ahem, some nearby establishments. 
They get creative with some burgers on their menu and my suggestion to the owner is: keep it up, they're delicious! 
Will be returning and recommending this place to others.I went with a friend here recently, on a Thursday, to discover they offered $1 pints of Coors Light and Abita Amber on Thursdays. This was very exciting for me, like Romney being told he can be President of Amercia, exciting. And it must have been for others too, because they were all out of Abita Amber and Amercia doesn't even fucking exist. Also it was really nice sitting outside in the sun with that beer existing nowhere near Florida.
But you're probably more interested in the burger options, right? We tried a couple and split them. I don't even entirely remember what they were, but one was the one with jalapenos. So yeah, the burgers aren't that memorable - kind of tiny too. Nothing wrong with them, but I don't really see the point. As other reviewers will agree, just go down the street to Cowbell. Or if you really want to be happy with a burger, head over to Yo Mama's in the Quarter.
I did enjoy the Chocolate Mint shake though, and the huge straw to properly enjoy it with. I'm pretty sure the straw adds +3 to oral.Tru Burger is my official burger place in New Orleans. I've gone to Company and Smash Burger and don't get me wrong, they're good. However, Tru Burger takes the cake for me. What I like about Tru Burger is that it's in a neighborhood I like to walk around in. Cool vintage shops, book stores and even a comic book shop nearby. Second reason is that I am a plain jane kind of person and will order the burger plain with a side order of fries. I usually just dip it in ketchup and go on my merry way. The bun is buttered up properly. Not too much and not too little. The fries are decent, nothing that great, but they're good. The burger itself is seasoned to perfection. I literally could scarf it down in minutes. It's that good. For those veggies, they do have a vegetarian burger as well. All in all, I like the simple approach they take. Nothing fancy, but quality is all there. The decor is pretty cool. Has a diner like feel to it, but it has a modern twist. You can sit at the counter or in the dining room or outside. They do have milkshakes which I have yet to try. We'll see!good quality, decent prices, friendly service!We were regulars for a long time. I hope the original owners have sold, because if not they've really taken their eye off the ball. We ordered 5 items. They were out of three of them. Then they forgot one of the items we did order.  Salad dressing came with a date on it..... a month old. Not exactly a high spoilage item, but come on. Won't be back.Great veggie burger! And very good turkey burgers. The veggie burger is beet based and not just a frozen party. The fries are excellent and they are not fried with any shellfish unlike many NOLA. Milkshakes were also very good. A great place for meat eaters and non meat eaters.The burger patty was fine, but the bread is not good. I'm not even sure what it is, but the consistency is off. The staff was distracted if not uncaring when we were ordering. Not impressed with the fires either. I mean I would eat it again in a pinch, but there are better burgers out there. And it was a bit pricey.Not impressed.  The burger and fries were only ok, nothing special.  In a city of special things, meh burgers shouldn't exist.  I'm bummed I wasted a lunch on that.  
The staff wasn't very friendly, either.This place is awesome! If you go you simply must try the banana pudding milkshake!!!!! It is the best milkshake I have ever had. It had chunks of nilla wafers and bananas in it. Delectable! So yummy!!!!Truburger is a nice burger joint, it's a bit on the pricey side but everything is done well and they have a bunch of good options for sauces to put on your burger, etc.  Shakes are good, onion rings pretty good, and the burgers are freshly made and tasty including a number of good pre-chosen combinations as well as a "make your own" option.  I'll take Truburger over The Company Burger any day - and no question over Five Guys.  Good quality meat and ingredients, and a burger that's not dripping in grease, overseasoned, or under-topped like other places.  It's a bit of a hike, but I'll be back.Truburger is a nice little burger joint down by Carrolton. They also serve some delicious shakes, and have an atmosphere that is very casual and at the same time seems to me fairly emblematic of New Orleans restaurants (chalk board menus are a staple that you should see everywhere because they rock). My burger was pretty good, and so was my girlfriends, but I have to compare this place to the Company Burger since they both opened within a mile and a couple months of each other. 
My main beef (haha, beef, HILARIOUS) with Truburger is how painfully loud it is. The restaurant looks a lot like a diner, and is almost entirely hard surfaces with nothing to really absorb or disperse the sound that comes from a kitchen and a full restaurant. This wouldn't be that bad, except for the children. I generally am not a huge fan of kids in any restaurant that I go to, but at a place like Truburger, a screaming child is like a shrill voiced banshee sent from the depths of hell. It ruins any chance of quiet conversation and prompts a near instant headache. 
I think Truburger needs a bit more time to settle in. The burger I got was really tasty, and the shake was even more delicious. A little more time, a bit more streamlining, and maybe something to absorb the noise and it will be a really good addition to the neighborhood.this place is great! I work across the street, and not a day goes by that I don't stare at this place and drool. as a veggie burger lover I was so pleasantly surprised on my first bite to discover BEETS! 
servers are super friendly. the place is adorable. they have coca cola in bottles. love it.The food at Truburger is very good, but what makes this place four stars is there service. My wife and I have been here a couple of times, and the first time we went I accidentally spilled some fries on the floor. During our most recent visit, they didn't cook the patties to my wife's liking so she sent it back. On both occasions, the staff went out of their way to correct the mistake and give us lagniappe, which I always appreciate. Keep up the great work!I stopped into Tru Burger on a recent Saturday late morning and had an Uptowner (one of their featured specialty burgers), fries, and a Barq's.  Paid about $12 which for what I got I felt like it should've gotten more - or I should've paid less.
The burger itself was adequate if not a little greasy and on the small side.  The fries were tiny.  Like I'm some giant in an Eastern Washington potato field.  To me burger fries should not be teensy.  These were.  Standard size fries, please.
The set-up is nice.  I sat on a stool in the window.  There's ample table seating and some bar seating.  I'll go back for another round, but given the dense burger competition in the city right now, not sure of where Tru stands in the future.The onion rings are really good.  The burger is just okay. Company Burger is better. I also had a milkshake it was good. I would go there again if I was in a pinch. But as far as it being my 1st choice of burger spots, they don't make the cut. I should have just went to Company Burger.Probably the best non-fast food burger that isn't a staple like Camellia Grill or Port of Call. Burgers are good, filling and not overly expensive. However, the best thing there is the white hot dogs. They are delicious!!! Two issues- 1) If you're going to serve alcohol, have more seating. People will come to get a beer and just sit all night. 2) Write somewhere that you have to bus your own table. There is nothing written anywhere. Ok, three issues, have something for dessert other than milkshakes. Us un-milk people need something that isn't ice cream AND milk.The Abita draft beer was great and the burger was just OK. I ordered the special which was the Mississippi burger. It has fried pickles and a Thousand Island type sauce. It satisfied my burger craving but I think I could have gotten a better at Sonic. The shoestring fries were OK at best. A little burnt but we nearly ate them all. 
I'm sure they're better burgers than what I had. I would eat here again and try something different.Pretty good.
I appreciate the order at the counter type of burger place. Something New Orleans has been lacking for a while.
Ordered a burger with bacon, cheddar, and tru sauce.
Burger was good. It was cooked to medium/medium well, even though I asked for medium rare (although I asked after I had ordered, so I don't blame them. My fault) Will most certainly remember next time, as I think it will approve the burger.
Tru sauce was awesome. For some reason I expected it to be the classic ____ sauce that just ends up being ketchup/mayo/1000, but its actually a deliciously sweet balsamic reduction sauce. Next time I go, I will probably ask for some on the side to slather all over my burger.
The fries were soooo good. Next time I go, I will most certainly throw some cheese on them.
All around solid burger/fries/drink for around $10. Looking forward to going back.
Note to vegetarians: My buddy ordered the veggie burger which turns out to be a mostly beet patty, so if you don't like beets, go for the grilled cheese.I am so sad to write this review. I have had good food here and great shakes in the past. Went today at 1:49 pm. Ordered 2 burgers,  hot dog, 2 chocolate shakes, and onion rings. The cashier, who also makes the shakes, wandered off without making the shakes promptly, like they usually do. After 15 minutes, I went up to the counter and asked if we could have the shakes. She asked me "what kind of shakes?" with her hand poised above the register, and I had to point to my slip and say the ones I ordered..."Oh dear, the slip for the shakes did not print out" and she had to go look in the kitchen--why I do not know. Like she had not just taken our order??  It was NOT busy at all at that point. Then of course, a bunch of people came in and she was further delayed in making the shakes. Well, the shakes were good. 
However, it took until 2:32 (we were most unhappy at this point) and I had to go to the window and ask for the food (one burger was to go, and I could see the dine-in baskets on the tray). Well, come to find out, they had given our order to the guy before us, and they had to slap a piece of cheese on the double burger (not ordered by us) and box it. The dine in food was served in wet baskets (yes, the paper was in there, but the water leaked through to the buns). The onion rings were flavorless. It was thoroughly disappointing. Never again, probably not even for the shakes. I just boxed my burger up and took it home to my teenaged son--I was no longer interested. The staff seemed ditsy (stoned maybe?) and disinterested. I am sorry I put a nice tip in the jar when I paid. This is a slur on Patois's good name.Good burger. Didnt care for shoestring fries. Nothing to rave about.
Street parking by meter.
Meh.A burger place on Oak Street? What a good idea! Hand-dipped corndogs, too? Hurray! Right?.... Right?? 
I almost missed this place. On my way back from the tailor I noticed some kids holding milkshakes with giant, wide straws and I perked right up. My friend and I split a standard single burger with grilled onions and sauteed shrooms with an order of fries and a vanilla milkshake. Great family atmosphere that is nolstalgic of Five Guys, but classier. 
The shake was good, but not great - It was lacking some kind of je ne sais quoi. Maybe it was a generic ice cream or a missing ingredient. While I sipped I finally saw the rest of their vibrant chalkboard menu - I should have been more adventurous and tried an Oreo or mint chocolate shake. But if you can't master the basics, can you really master the fancy-pants mint chocolate?
Apparently there were more burger options, too! I was kicking myself when I saw the Deep South Burger with fried green tomato and pimento cheese. 
I bordered on speeding the 10 blocks back to my apartment to enjoy this feast. Maybe that was a mistake, but 10 small New Orleans blocks at 35 MPH should not ruin a meal. 
On second thought, I am not THAT anxious to return; the questions keep piling up: My burger was super pink on the inside (didn't think about specifying temp, but seriously?) and had an overwhelming salty aftertaste. Where was the Tru Sauce? I should've asked, but I thought "included" meant that it was indeed included, not just in the price. Darn. I loved the charm of a toasted bun, though - just like my dad used to do on the grill.  
The fries were the only thing that saved the meal - not too salty, just a bit crispy, but still soft and munchable. Great hand-cut, fresh flavor. Yum yum! Unfortunately, by the time I got home (couldn't have been more than 5 minutes), they were kind of cold and had lost their luster. But, the few I picked at on the drive tickled my tastebuds. Oh well. 
I refuse to give up hope on this place - I want it to be a hit just as much as everyone else! For everything it was $12, and for THAT I either want more food or a higher quality in the food that I got. This place is a good idea, but to make it great there needs to be something that's gonna wow 'em.I went there for the house-made gluten free bun that someone here raved about 6 months ago.  Well, that must be the last time they made their buns---6 months ago.  NO flavor, BAD texture, hard as a rock and cold.  If you can't keep it fresh, don't serve it to people!!  Now about the prices: I ordered two burgers, two drinks, and an order of Cole slaw and my bill was $29.00.  (Please notice that NO French fries were ordered). $2.50 for 6 ounces of gross coleslaw? Get over yourselves.   My son couldn't eat his entire burger and neither could I because the meat had no flavor.  If you're going to charge those prices, at least make it edible. You're charging for bread and a tiny bit of meat, so be prepared to get a few mouthfuls of bread before you get to the flavorless meat.  We left, and spent another $20 on a meal at a local Chinese restaurant. So a $50 night just to get food in our bellies.This is one of the most disgusting places I've ever been to. I saw 4 (!) mid & small-sized cockroaches, 2 crawling on our table, 1 on the floor and the last one, believe it or not, stuck dead between the Wainscoting wall trim at eye level when sitting! Large ones usually come from the outside, but mid, small sizes indicate serious infestation. I wanted to be discreet and not upset the other customers. So I approached the manager quietly and told her about the situation and suggested that they do extermination. She actually got angry at me and said that they just exterminated the place the day before and that's why the cockroaches were coming out. She gave me an attitude like I wasn't being understanding. She said that if I didn't like the food, just get a refund. So that's what I did. When the cashier asked why I didn't like the food, I told her about the cockroach infestation, to which she replied, "Oh yeah, the store did an extermination 2 weeks ago, but they keep coming back." I was appalled and rushed out of the store. When I got home and checked the return receipt, I saw that the cashier didn't refund me in full. The tax portion wasn't returned. Enough said.Update 28 March 2013:
There appears to be no quality control in the kitchen. I haven't been here in months and when I go back they serve me the worst onion rings I've ever seen. How could they serve me a fist full of greasy onion rings with some half assed batter! (see photo) My order was to go so I didn't realize till I got home. They were unedible!  I wanted to bring them back and throw a fit. But what's the use. I quit Truburger based on this experience and my previous experience. They now have 1 star instead of 3.
Ba BYE.
I like Tru Burger. I like it because they offer a veggie burger. Now, here's a place where I can take the the vegan-ish wife and not have to worry about her just having a salad or french fries. So we go there about once a month. I have the burger with cheese and sauteed onions: Simple. Classic. Tasty. I tell them well done because they have the tendency to under cook them. The french fries are big enough to share so we just get one and split it.. They are the stringy/curley kind with skins on and can be a bit soggy/wimpy depending on the day. 
So I'm happy. The wife is happy. 
Until the last time. 
And it could be the last time for the wife. The veggie burger made her sick.
So sick she has sworn off and cursed Tru Burger.
What can I say?
(head shake shoulder shrug stupid lip contortion)Being that I can take a mere 5 minute walk from my house and get these tasty gems is definitely a super plus. Love it. I've only had the burgers but they are amazing. Perfectly juicy and seasoned. They offer a discounted day for the service industry and another for Ochsner employees. Go. It's delicious.This place has a lot of potential, but I think there are still some kinks to be worked out. On the whole though, I had an enjoyable experience. The burgers here are certainly good. Their house sauce is kinda weird though. And I feel that their burgers should come with a side included, rather than charging extra for fries or onion rings. I tried their onion rings and they were ok, but not great and certainly no plentiful. For an extra two dollars, I was expecting a lot more.
The onion rings here aren't beer battered, as all good onion rings should be, but rather I felt these were more along the line of onion strings, with a thin, flaky batter that is a tad salty. Thankfully they were not bad, but they were disappointing for having to pay extra. 
Also, I'm told this place is in the process of getting its liquor license so it can serve beer. For a place that has been open since summer of 2011, I feel like it's not on top of its game. Not that a burger joint needs to serve beer - I don't care either way personally - but to intend to serve beer and not have your license months after opening, well, something is up with management. 
Finally, there seems to be a lot of discussion about the fact that the burgers here are cooked medium unless otherwise requested. I like to see how the establishment I'm eating at thinks things should be prepared, and I'm not put off by a medium burger. The quality of the patty seemed fine to me and the burger was pretty good. Medium cooked is fine.First of all go here now. 
They have the BEST milkshakes in New Orleans. I mean it. I am a milkshake freak and have been unable to find any better than the ones here. 
Second, the burgers are wonderful. My favorite is the patty melt because the tru sauce they put on it is great. The inside is very clean and your food comes out fast. I have had almost every burger on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. Do me a favor though and don't get just a plain burger. Their strengths lie in their specialty burgers. 
Don't forget to try the corndog. They make it to order and hand roll them. I had never had any desire to eat a corndog until I came here. Believe me it will be one of the best you have ever had. They also make their veggie burgers in house and I have heard they are great. Just one downer, the fries suck. Don't bother will them.It's a perfectly fine place to have a burger. It's not earth-shattering, but a quick way to enjoy a non-chain burger. 
Why only three stars? It's too hellish to park on Oak. Which is fine is you live in the neighborhood, but impossible is stopping by from Tulane during your lunch hour.Solid Burger Joint. This place is pretty good but there are better burger joints. You won't be disappointed with the quality but I wouldn't drive across town and look for parking to eat here. If I'm in the area it's on my list though.I liked it. Properly cooked beef patty, nice buns, and great fries. The milkshake is a bit so-so. Should provide malted vinegar for those fries- it'd be perfect.I'm always on the hunt for a good burger, so it's about time I tried Truburger.  We ate there for a late Friday night dinner.  Not too crowded.  It's fast casual, so you order at the counter and then they bring the food out when it's ready.  Everything seems made to order.
I built my own burgery.  It was a solid 3/5.  Patti was a little on the small side, but you can always go double patti.  I really liked the bread.  Lettuce, pickles and tomatoes seemed relatively fresh.  Lots of different sauce options.  My favorite option is the egg add-on.  Love it.  The fries were a total let down.  I thought they were barely worth eating.  Shoe-string and soggy...not a good combo.  Polished things off with a homespun chocolate shake.  Very nice.  Shari V got a burger called "The Heat".  She said it was tasty but completely lacking in said "Heat".  
Overall, I liked Truburger.  I wouldn't break my back for a return dinner, but I might grab a bite if around Oak St.  Truburger is better than Company Burger IMHO.  But my favorite to date is still Charcoals.I enjoyed the concept of the place, their burger and what they are trying to pull off...
I ordered a bacon and cheeseburger with jalapenos. Note: The jalapenos are raw, not grilled, also cut really, REALLY thick. So for the extra .50 charge you get three slices of raw thick cut jalapenos. I'm asian and I eat pretty damn spicy. But on a burger I prefer rather a THIN cut jalapeno, especially if its going to be raw, still with the seeds and NOT grilled. So, just a warning to anyone who isn't aware. 
My son got the "hot" dog. Or should I rather say COLD ass dog. The dog was cold in the middle and the cheese wasn't melted on top. That might be because the dog was COLD. 
The milkshake is worth skipping. I hope they change their concoction. Because it tasted just like cheap ice cream blended with too much milk and not much flavor, if any. 
This place is pretty new and I hope they work out all the kinks and take in everyone's input. Because I think they can pull off the perfect burger joint. It was also my first time here, so next visit I will know now how to order.It's just not that good, much like any burger joint in New Orleans in my mind.This new burger joint was a much needed addition to Oak Street. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the servings are just enough to fill me up but not so big I feel like a pig when I eat here. The fries are amazing too!! Very impressed with this new place.The uptown burger is AWESOME. Don't expect giant burgers here, but on the plus side you can have a burger and a beer and still feel moderately healthy afterwards.  The prices are decent, and there are discount days for the armed forces and Tulane/Loyola affiliates.Great burgers, fries and sweet potato chips.  We found this place through a search for a hamburger place with gluten free buns.  The buns were house made and very good according to our friend.  I got the Heat burger.  Delicious, and it lived up to its name.Great atmosphere. Good food. This my first time. Just got a basic burger, fries, and coke. It was fresh, well made, and a great burger for late night or a day off. :0) the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is peaceful.This place is pretty good! Their burgers are average, but I like their mint chocolate milkshakes. A strange homeless man licked my friend's neck outside the restaurant and then followed us in, sat with us, and tried to suggest we buy him a burger for his birthday. He was promptly and politely escorted from the establishment, which was much appreciated.Gluten-free bun is amazing and totally worth the extra dollar!! Fries are shoestring which is pretty cool and they give you A LOT,  but they are a bit too greasy for my taste. Can't beat the burgers though.Amazing burgers. Shakes, could be better. Fries are some of the best I've ever had. The burgers are flavorful and the combinations they have are great. The Heat burger is my fave, but not for one who doesn't like spicy food. Great place, cool staff, kinda pricey, but worth it if you're craving it.I ordered the double burger dressed with sauteed mushrooms and onions and an order of fries.  The angus is well-seasoned and has a unique taste... I'm told they use an angus, spare rib, and another type of meat mixture for their patties.  The burger was very juicy although cooked well-done.  The fries were tasty but some were a little browner than I prefer.  Overall, a good lunch option.  I'll be back here eventually.Really solid place - great burger, fries, milkshakes, and even hot dogs! The quality of meat here is a step above your standard burger place (read Smashburger). Yes, the patties are a bit smaller than normal, but I think it's made up for in quality. If you want more meat, get a double!
That said, Company Burger is still my favorite burger place. However, Truburger has more options and a lower starting price point (sometimes I just want to pay $5 for a burger!). So, I'd say Truburger comes in at a very close second.
Oh yeah, sriracha mayo!! Yum!I went to Tru last night and my experience was underwhelming.  Mediocre burger, average milkshakes and fries, and my friend's veggie burger looked like it was deep-fried falafel.  
Also, the owners need to purchase a microphone as it's sometimes difficult to hear the order numbers as employees yell them out.
Finally, their advertised, hyped "tru" sauce wasn't even out for consumption.  Odd.
In short, this hamburger fails to stand out among other competitors-- Yo Mama's, Phil's Grill, or Lakeview Harbor.This place has the best burgers, and they offer up several meat options. I am a fan of the Uptown burger with a turkey patty. The sauce is great too. Best shakes in the area as well.The strawberry shake made from fresh strawberries and root beer float we ordered were delish, but you can't judge a burger place on their beverages alone.  With all the new burger places popping up in New Orleans I've been on the look out for my favorite.  I felt the need to give these a try and a friend highly recommended the Uptown Burger with goat cheese and arugula.  The boyfriend got the Uptown Burger and while he seemed to enjoy it the several bites that I stole didn't impress me.  The meat itself was completely lost with the goat cheese and arugula, and I didn't get much of the sun-dried tomato taste.  I ordered the Deep South burger which came with a fried green tomato and pimento cheese.  Again, the ingredients seemed to be kind of lost on my burger and didn't taste the pimento cheese that much.  We split an order of cheese fries which were pretty good and came with real cheddar cheese on top.  Including our drinks, two burgers and a side of fries, this place ended up being pretty pricey for un-impressionable burgers.I like that I can add all kinds of things to my milkshake, so I can build a chocolate-peanut butter-banana shake and can't no one tell me not to. There's also discounts for various people, like students, first responders, and oak street business employees. Their meats are delightful and freshly ground, and their fries are the tastiest. Try the Uptown burger, with goat cheese, arugula, garlic aioli, and grilled Roma tomatoes. Or don't. I don't know your life. There's malt vinegar, if you like putting that on your fries. If you don't, it's still there. Watching you. Silently judging.