Nice healthy food! Great service! Happy to find gluten free options! Would recommend!Rolled into NOLA, after 12 hours on the road, parked and walked into True Good. Super friendly staff, nice cocktails, cold local beer and an amazing bowl of noodles and tofu. Simply perfect. Highly recommended.Drinks are amazing, but expensive compared to other nearBy locations.  Food tasted great deal pure the label of healthy.  Menu is diverse with innovative ingredients.  Beautiful space with helpful staff.  Portions are appropriate but small.  I was hungry 2 hours later.  Location is convenient...close to downtown offices.  Menu prices vary from $8-$18.This place is fantastic! Definitely a new favorite! The food was so flavorful! Our waitress Heather was amazing! I would definitely recommend this place! The staff was fun and friendly, clean inviting wonderful place. 
Cant wait to try the whole menu! This will definitely be a once a week outing. :) Thank you for moving in to the neighborhood!! :)Second time eating here. Excellent food and great service! Very well run restaurant. We've got world class food in Nola, but most of it isn't that healthy. True Food is both tasty and as healthy of food as you will find anywhere. There is a very large menu with many vegetarian and gluten-free options...with clear labeling by each item. Also great wine list, and the mocktails are really good as well. Can't wait to go back!Great food! The seasonal butternut squash pizza was good; hubby got that as his meal. I had the Korean bowl with sweet potato glass noodles. It was okay. I had to add garlic sauce to it in order for it to satisfy my tastebuds! Our server was ah-mazing!
We also ordered the flourless chocolate cake and it was delicious until we found a hair or string of fabric in it  However, they quickly remedied the situation and bought out another one BUT we still got charged for it! Smh.
Overall, great place! Glad they added this to the city!Fresh, locally resourced food. Awesome vegan options, but available ways to make them not so vegan. Fun for all!!! Priced right for a nice quite place. Our server was friendly and well versed I in the menu options. She had great suggestions.My wife and I ate twice here because it was so good and had so many vegan options. Last evening, she had the butternut squash soup and I had the Penang curry with shrimp. Both tasted superb. There was confusion with our order of hot tea and they took it so seriously the manager came over to make sure everything was OK. She was cordial and professional and friendly. We were both impressed. The next day at lunch, we had the butternut squash vegan pizza and a turkey burger. The pizza was a work of art in terms of color and composition, and it tasted great... A complex mixture of vegan almond cheese, cranberries, butternut, kale, caramelized onions, on a thin crust. Wonderful! My turkey burger was undoubtedly the best I have ever had - the patty seemed hand made and perfectly cooked: nicely seared to a golden brown on the outside and moist inside. It was a little sloppy to eat but if that's what I'm complaining about, but that didn't matter or slow me down! This place gets five stars hands-down. During our next trip to New Orleans, we will return.Beautiful and healthy-ish place to have a meal in the CBD! This space is large and really beautifully decorated. Think green, white, clean and modern. The staff was very welcoming.
My friend and I came on a Friday and had happy hour wine and the fig and gorgonzola flatbread - highly recommend! We took a while to decide on our entrees because the menu had plenty of delicious-looking options. Our waiter was patient, helpful, and even let us order a 2nd happy hour wine glass to put on hold while we finished our 1st glasses. I struggled to choose between salad, pizza, and a bowl, and ended up with the "ancient grains" bowl. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful and the portion size was generous. I added chicken for an additional cost. My friend got the grass-fed burger and really enjoyed her meal as well. The menu changes seasonally, which I think is a great touch. I will have to be back to try some of the other dishes that caught my eye, such as the cobb salad and the butternut squash pizza. Prices are bit on the higher side; most things are about $15 and up especially if you want to add a protein. You'll have to pay for street parking as well if it's before 7pm Monday-Saturday. 
Only small complaints are that it took our waiter a while to greet us (maybe 10 minutes) and we had to ask for water. Our bill had 1 extra item on it that we didn't order, so maybe just ensure that everything is correct before signing!Stopped in for lunch with some family. We had a party of five which included two crazy kids and a great grandmother. Our server was patient and very kind which was much appreciated. Everything was delicious-drinks-appetizers-soup-entrees-dessert. We ate everything so quickly that I didn't grab photos but we will be back. Beautiful store and we appreciated the wall with Mardi Gras throws repurposed into a wall of fruit and veggies. I also got a cold brew to take along which was delicious but I was a little disappointed in their geaux cups.Awesome experience today this place is Beautiful the food is Beautiful. John the bartender was very nice . I'm looking forward to returning there this is my new Spot for great health food.INCREDIBLE food and drinks!! I have been several times and there has not been one thing I haven't liked. The beat flatbread is delicious! Very refreshing, and a much needed addition to a city filled with salty, fried creole cuisine! Highly recommend!Haven't called... They left a message saying they want their lasagna back. I think the lasagna here is probably the most incredible I've ever had in my whole life. it was so good I couldn't stop bragging about it. What I love about the lasagna here is that it is so light and fluffy. It didn't make me feel like I wanted to take a nap after. 
looking forward to coming back and trying more dishes. The atmosphere is very pleasant and the staff are incredibly friendly.  all-around highly recommended and one of my new favorite hotspots.This place is amazing with great food and excellent service. We had an appetizer, meal, and dessert. Everything we had was amazing!!! Our waitress Kenyatta was so helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. Her recommendations were spot on. She was super sweet and happy to be at work, which is rare. We are locals are definitely eating again here soonWe have been wanting to try this place and it did not disappoint. Not many restaurants that serve grass fed steak and I am very happy that they do! I love going out to eat knowing that I am putting healthy food in my body,. At True Food Kitchen I can order whatever I want and know that I am leaving full and happy.Amazing food worth every penny and you won't be disappointed! Go to this place don't miss it!! Every dessert here is Dairy Free!WHAT A GREAT FIND!!!!
I'm following my GPS for this other restaurant and this place catches my eye with its signage and large windows giving s sneak peak in the inside.  I look at the menu and it's clean healthy food for totally worth it/ affordable prices. 
INSIDE & STAFF
Inside is clean,  staff and hostess are fabulous.  The hostess even came outside and greeted me as Iooking over the posted menu on the outside.  Sweet southern accent. I sat at the bar to eat though not drinking and the bartenders were totally attentive,  I was greeted by the manager/ supervisor?  as he was walking over to the cashier.. aalll makes an impact on quality of service. Waitress who brought my dishes out was nice,  great smile. 
FOOD
Roasted brussel sprouts surprised me with the flavors.  Sooo yummmmmyyy. 
Fall seasoned ingredient salad was spectacular with its little crunchiness.  Dressing, good! 
All fresh and each dish was light and flavorful. 
See my food pics!
I'M COMING AGAIN TOMORROW!So happy this is in downtown NOLA! Finally a healthy spot. The inside is super fresh, bright & modern. However, I didn't stay long as I got a to go order. When you order online there is a little kiosk you go to in order to pick up your food (which I was unaware of). 
About 5 people asked me about my order which I thought was good service. I ordered the turkey wrap with a side of hash & butternut squash soup. I thought the portion of the soup could have been larger but the flavor was great! The turkey wrap was also dang good. I assume the food would taste better straight from the kitchen - since I did have to walk a mile home it was a little cold - but nonetheless still delish! I cannot wait to come back and try everything since I am a snob for healthy places like this!The food was good, drinks were better, and service was the best.  We ordered 4 dishes for two people and both left hungry.  We ordered the Charred Cauliflower, Edamame Dumpling, Grassed Feed Tacos, and the Kale Salad.  The cauliflower needed some salt/seasoning.  The dumpling was probably my favorite.  The tacos and salad were very uninspired.  Its ok if you want a light healthy lunch.Yes, yes, yes! Came to visit this weekend and wow - I am completely blown away. The service was upstanding. Food was tasty, fresh, and appealing to look at. The atmosphere is gorgeous and is the perfect spot for a lunch date. Will definitely be back once they officially open later this week! Good luck y'all!I really enjoyed my experience here! The staff was attentive and friendly and the restaurant is very vibrant which elevates the mood. 
My friend and I started off with the Brussels sprouts and common bond. The Brussels sprouts were perfect and the drink had such a nice flavor!! I highly recommend both. I had the Korean noodle bowl as my entree. I added chicken to it. The chicken was cooked perfectly and had such a nice seasoning to it. I could've had an entire bowl of it. The noodle bowl was very tasty although I wish it had more of a Korean flavor to it. I took leftovers home and sprinkled gochugaru on it for a little extra kick. For dessert we ordered the cookies and flourless cake. Unfortunately they were out of ice cream during our visit but compensated by making the cookies complimentary! The cookies didn't do much for me but the cake was simply amazing. 
There's a good selection of vegan, vegetarian and gluten free menu options. I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in search of a lighter dining option in New Orleans!Food is delicious; however, the service was super inconsistent. Our group of 7 placed our order using the QR code on the table. Only one order was delivered within 10 minutes. The rest of the food took 45 minutes to get to the table. A food allergy was missed and the food had to be remade for one plate delaying the meal further. Needless to say the experience was less than stellar.Restaurante grande, bem espaçoso, fica na esquina entre rua Júlia esquina com Charles Av . Por fora não chama muito até. As paredes são de vidro então da rua mesmo da pra ver tudo do lado de dentro. A cozinha é aberta, você vê eles preparando todos os pratos, o atendimento é rápido e são bem atenciosos. A comida é gostosa, mas pelo menos o que eu pedi ( lasanha) não venho tanta comida. Porém tudo muito gostoso. Local bem limpo e os preços são razoáveis. Se vc fizer um cadastro antes ( fotos em anexo) você ainda consegue desconto.The Margherita pizza is delicious. The tomato soup is surprisingly good too. The service is good though slowExcellent service and very well thought out dishes make this place stand out as a unique experience. The wine was wonderfully selected and suited the menu well. 
4 stars only because there was a dirty/burnt taste on the outside of my salmon. It was edible, but incredibly unpleasant. For the price paid it was an unacceptable mistake. Alas I was too hungry to be picky! The rest of the dish was wonderfulOh my goodness, this is such a hidden gem. True Food Kitchen uses all healthy and wholesome ingredients. 
We started with the pesto flatbread featuring juicy heirloom tomatoes and goat cheese, topped with arugula. Some sea salt joined all the flavors together in such a perfectly balanced way. 
Next we had the edamame guac. 
For my main dish I got the Asian noodle bowl. This packed a HUGE flavor punch and the noodles were made from sweet potatoes. You can add your choice of protein, but I kept it plant-based with crispy tofu. 
Finally, we rounded out this meal with a gooey brownie sundae. Again, TFK mixes creativity and wellness -- because this brown was made with ... quinoa. Dont ask me how they did it, but it was fantastic. 
Overall, perfect meal where you can both indulge and leave full without any guilt.Service was great and welcoming, food was delicious and I love the overall vibe inside. While I thought the Brussel sprouts were okay, the chicken wrap and lasagna bolognese definitely exceeded my expectations. Both dishes tasted fresh and delicious. We also tried the flourless chocolate cake and that was good as well. I can't wait to go back and try other items!I am a huge True Food fan. I've been to their other locations and this one did not disappoint. They have any healthy option you would like, the atmosphere is great and the service is wonderful. The food is fresh and everything you would hope for! I just wish we had one in New York!We had reservations for 1:30. We walked and no one was at the host area, so we waited and waited. Staff saw us and walked by and no one acknowledge us. We just stood there. To the right of us, I see a girl waiting to be interviewed maybe? Then I see this white guy come from the back and looks at me and totally ignored us. He proceed to interview a young lady. So I walked over to the bar and a guy from the kitchen sees me and finally asks if I need help that's when the hostess finally turned around from the bar and proceeded to walk towards us as if she never saw us there. We were finally seated and our waitress was great. Very friendly and sweet. As we were eating I watch as a white couple walk in and no host was at the desk so the manager who was interviewing stoped his interview and immediately greeted the white customers. The fact that he would stop what he was doing to greet and make sure the white couple was taken care of was appalling because could care less about us as he saw us standing there waiting to be seated! I am hoping this was racial profiling but it looked to me like it was. Very Disappointed in this place. The thought alone makes me NEVER want to go back!  PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT WHITE BEAWARE!The seasonal bowl of cauliflower and brussels sprouts is awesome! My friend got the teriyaki quinoa bowl and loved it. I've gotten the vegan squash pizza and it's also amazing. I don't think I can go wrong here, I'm excited to try everything on the menu that's vegan. The good news is they have both options in case you have meat eating friends LOL.Awesome place!!! Nick the manager is the bomb!! His customer service is off the charts!!One of the best meals I have ever had at a restaurant including pre covid! Food, cocktails and staff were fabulous. Extremely clean. Will definitely go back!!!True Food Kitchen is my Happy Food Safe Space! I love this place from the first visit to this location!
Atmosphere. The colors, it is just colorful and warm and promotes a great mood. You just want to be in a good mood when you visit! Along with this, the staff is just so sweet, happy, knowledgeable. They are helpful and know the menu and can give some great recommendations. I appreciate their staff. Every visit they always are friendly and welcoming!
Food. First the drinks! I live for Beets! They had a cocktail called Beets by Jon! They let me change the vodka to whiskey in this cocktail and it was exceptional! I also love the Adaptogenic Tulsi Tea, their lemon to the honey combination was perfect for a nice tea. It's great on a sinus type of day. I also like the Bright Eyes Juice which has an apple, ginger, beet, pineapple, Tumeric, and carrot. It was tasty and fulfilling, not too sweet, it was just right. Honestly a great dessert option in my opinion.
As for food, as of right now my favorite is the chicken sausage pizza. Omg, the gouda and chicken sausage was phenomenal! It's a pizza you could share but honestly self-care and don't share. You need this pizza love for yourself. I have also enjoyed the Korean Noodles Bowl with shrimp. The glass noodles with the shrimp were exceptional. In addition, a great starter was the Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese flatbread. Great item for sharing especially if you about this beet love.
This is a great location for small or big groups, dates, self-care outings, friend outings and more. They honestly can accommodate it all.  Street parking is available and I honestly have never had an issue finding parking in a one mile radius.Oh my Squash! Welcome to New Orleans. I have been following True Food kitchen for a while. Once the story broke online, I stalked them. I had been wanting to try the food for the longest. I was invited to a soft opening, but my schedule wouldn't allow me to visit. 
I also noticed those TVs by the bar area. It's not necessary, but it's a 'nice to have' item in a restaurant. It allows the guests to watch sports etc. 
I wanted to try everything on the menu but, somehow narrowed it down. Definitely get a ginger shot. It is well worth it for that energy boost. 
My favorites were: Salad, Seasonal ingredient with Salmon. Butternut squash, cauliflower, brussels sprout, cannellin bean, organic kale, champagne vinaigrette, toasted mulberry, pomegranate. 
Pizza, Butternut squash made with caramelized onion, roasted garlic organic kale vegan, almond ricotta, dried cranberry and sage. 
Graas - fed Burger , Unami, mushrooms, caramelized onion, arugula, Parmesan, mayonnaise, flaxeed bun.Outstanding! I don't even know how to fully explain how delicious the food here is. Presentation, quality, customer service and kindness. Place is so nicely decorated and it's such a calming ambiance. The cocktails are blended so nicely, perfectly balanced. Highly recommend it. Oh did I mention their vegan avocado key lime pie was to die for? Yep. Delicious.  Zero complaints. TI have been waiting for this place to open up for sooooooo long and it finally did!! I'm
A bit of a healthy eating nut and this place was right up my alley. I managed to snag a spot in the weekday around 1pm- ish and I did not have a reservation. I was seated immediately and the waiter was quite knowledgeable about all the dishes on the menu ( there is a lot of choice). 
I opted for the sparkling antioxidant tea ( super healthy) and it was delicious. I ordered the ancient grains bowl and added steak. Omg it was amaaaaazeballs! The steak was cooked exactly how I wanted it ( super juicy). The cilantro sauce ( I think that's what it was) just worked so well with all the ingredients and it tasted super yummy. All the ingredients tasted fresh.the food is super healthy but the taste is unbeatable. If you're not convinced about eating clean and healthy, this place will change your mind. 
Let me just add that I went back again and tried the roasted cauliflower ( charted cauliflower) and it didn't disappoint. It was delicious. I had the same bowl again ( hahahahaha). 
I ordered a dessert ( flourless chocolate cake) with a cappuccino ( fat free milk). I don't usually like flourless because I feel like the desserts always taste dense. But this cake was freakin delicious. Don't judge but I devoured it in like minutes. 
The cappuccino came hot ( which I specifically asked for). I hate cold coffee. ( only if it's intentionally that way - like a cold brew). 
All in all the service and the food was just superb. I felt good after eating my meal. This is my " go to spot" now. I just hope that it stays this way. 
The only recommendation that I have is that I would really looooove it if they had French fries ( ovebaked). Sometimes you just want some French Fries with a burger ( which I'm planning on ordering on my next visit). 
If you haven't tried this place out.... go!Excellent food, excellent staff, great vibe. Will definitely be back!
This was our first time hearing about and eating at True Food Kitchen, they're all over the states! It was nice to have a vegetarian friendly and focused place, but also have good meat options. 
I came here with my wife and friend and had the charred cauliflower and edamame dumplings as appetizers. Both 5/5
For mains, we got cauliflower polenta with tofu, and Korean noodles. 
Cocktails and mocktails were tasty, and am definitely excited to come back!Finally, I made it to True Food!! My friend and I have been dying to go here since they had their soft opening and invited local bloggers and foodie influencers. It was great to see a healthy addition to the warehouse district besides a salad joint.
We didn't make reservations, but were able to be seated during lunch on a Friday. The set up is really open with tons of natural light coming in, and the bar at the center of the restaurant. We both ordered bowls, with added protein. I got the Teriyaki Quinoa with steak, and it was so filling! My friend ordered the cauliflower polenta with shrimp, which was very flavorful. I ordered the flourless chocolate cake to go, and wasn't totally fond of it. I'll probably try another dessert next time.
What I love is that True Food can specialize their menu to most dietary restrictions (keto, dairy-free, grain-free, vegan, vegetarian, paleo), so it is a good choice for everyone. Their menu changes seasonally, so if you see something good on the menu, order it now because it may not be there next season.
This location also has another dining room partitioned off from the rest of the restaurant, great for large groups and private dinners/events.
Since this is a chain, they have a mobile app where you earn rewards. If you anticipate being a regular, I recommend downloading the app and tracking your visits.The fresh food selection and pizzas were great! We clearly modified our order more to our liking but the fresh garlic and additional cheeses we put on made the meal very tasty. I truly could see myself eating these pizzas as a daily routine since they were the perfect size, not greasy and just over all great! The prickly pear drink was interesting but not my favorite fizzy style drink, I would try another drink next time I visit. I saw other tables dishes that I might order as well during my next visit to True Foods.This place is great when you want something light, fresh, and healthy! I split the edamame dumplings, Brussel sprouts, and farro squash risotto (fall item) with my mom. We both enjoyed everything. The flavors were amazing.BOY OH BOY! Healthy meets happy. This is the place. I'm so glad they are open. Grabbed three girl friends and went to their special opening. WE WEREN'T DISAPPOINTED. Staff was super friendly and the place was poppin.
I recommend the turkey burger with kale salad. I hated kale but absolutely loved the salad. The Korean Noodle bowl with steak is on fleek (the mushrooms pack a lot of flavor in that bowl). And last but not least, their flourless cake! IT WAS A PARTY IN MY MOUTH Y'ALL!The place is gorgeous. It's in its infancy and the training seems to be dedicated. The food however is soulless. It's pretty, healthy ingredients but things aren't that flavorful. It's all Ho hum.So, maybe we caught them on an off night. I was so excited to have a TFK in NOLA -- I've tried a couple of them in Arizona and LOVE the menu. Having tasty, healthy food in New Orleans is a very good thing! So I talked it up to three friends and convinced them to join me at TFK after a visit to the Ogden. Sadly, our meal was sorely lacking. First off, the lighting was so bright it felt like we were in a Denny's. Our group ordered the fig and gorgonzola flatbread appetizer, and the toppings were so meager we couldn't even find any cheese on top. Two of us ordered a cocktail that was a special of the evening -- Hendrick's gin, St. Germain (elderflower liqueur) with lime, cucumber and soda. When it came, it had ZERO flavor. It was like drinking soda water. Our waiter was gracious when we told him. I ordered a different drink and my friend just asked that her gin drink get 'flavored up.' The bartender simply added simple syrup and my friend said the revised cocktail tasted like sugar water and sent that one back. (BTW, we are NOT picky people. I've never sent anything back!) The fish tacos were tasty, but the tortillas were dry and not soft or pliable, so as soon as you folded them to eat the taco, it broke and fell apart. The Thai coconut sea bass was pretty flavorless with only a faint hint of coconut flavor. I'm used to sea bass being thick, succulent and moist. This was flat, hard and dry. My husband ordered the bolognese lasagne and loved it.I had a taste for a salad and decided to try the Kale cobb salad boy am I glad I did! I'd never been here before but the ingredients sound so delicious I couldn't resist. The salad was Sooooooooooo DELICIOUS!!! I honestly inhaled it. I blinked and it was gone. I think I may have shed a tear when I found myself staring into an EMPTY bowl. My one and only complaint..I needed MORE....lol
I also ordered a dragon fruit limeade wich was equally delicious.
I ordered my salad to go. Upon entering I was greeted right away. Eveeyone I encountered was very friendly. 
I can't wait to come back and dine in. The space is very inviting. Super bright and airy. 
Did I mention how delicious my salad was?? Oh  I forgot to mention how much I loved the cocunut bacon...COCUNUT BACON??!!! I want to kIss the genius who came up with that..YUM!!!
Sorry no picture. Once I took a bite that salad was a goner!!!The food was so amazing, we came back a second day. Had the scramble bowl with salmons and my buddy had the pizza. We also had the burger and the Salmon. Amazing!! The brussel sprouts are to due for!!!Definitely enjoy the purpose and aesthetic of True Food Kitchen. 
I have had the chance to enjoy their food a few times including their edamame dumplings last year.
WIth a seasonal menu it's always changing. I love the amount of space they provide including the mardi gras bead mural.
Solid spot and definitely recommend for lunch.Don't be fooled by this place's marketing. Under the guise of green and organic they serve greasy, under average food. This is not a health food spot, but a greenwashed, over priced bar. 
God forbid you get the "margherita" pizza. 
At least our server was nice. 
Skip this place.Healthy(-er) options are tough to come by in New Orleans. So True Food Kitchen is definitely a welcomed addition to the city. The location is good, it was a Friday night and we didn't have much of an issue finding street parking. The restaurant is very well decorated. Our waitress, Kenyatta, was the best waitress I think we've ever had-- and I mean at ANY restaurant. Warm, welcoming, genuine, kind, and helpful, Kenyatta helped us figure out what we wanted from a menu of great options. The table tried different things, but my wife and I had the Fig & Gorgonzola Flatbread, Tomato Soup, Thai Coconut Sea Bass (seasonal), and Lasagna Bolognese. The Fig & Gorgonzola Flatbread was delicious. The onions were caramelized and sweet, the fig added more sweetness, and the Gorgonzola balanced it all out on top of a crispy thin flatbread. My wife ordered the tomato soup. Don't expect tomato bisque here. It was, unfortunately, lukewarm. It is thick, not really creamy. It wasn't bad, but she said she wouldn't order it again. For our entrees I had the lasagna, it was fantastic. Chicken sausage was lighter on the stomach than the beef (or pork) traditionally used. The whole dish was filling, yet felt light. Which is something no one says about lasagna. It was very good, highly recommended. My wife had the Sea Bass, which was also fantastic. The bass was a little fishy, but it wasn't a bad thing. The coconut broth was delicious.  The rice was great, vegetables worked well with the dish. My only complaint is that the mushrooms were meaty but tough.  But otherwise, no complaints. Highly recommended as well. Between the relaxed atmosphere, stellar service(that's all you, Kenyatta!!), and delicious & healthy food.... we will definitely be back. And I definitely recommend you give them a try.
_______
BRUNCH UPDATE
We got the butternut squash pizza, garden scramble, and grilled fish tacos.
The butternut squash pizza was fantastic! Such good flavor, and the vegan ricotta was GOOD. Creamy, obviously not ricotta but possibly better. Lemony and delicious.
The garden scramble wasn't what I expected. It is scrambled egg with vegetables on top. It was good, but I'd likely get something else next time.
I didn't try the grilled fish tacos, but my wife seemed to like it a lot!
Another successful trip!I am so happy to find True Food Kitchen in New Orleans. It's delicious and focused on wellness, as usual. I didn't get a chance to try the seasonal dishes or  some of my favorites because they had sold out. I guess I'll have to go back earlier in the day next time. 
What we did try was delicious - the fennel chicken sausage lasagna and edamame dumplings. Also, the honey lemonade is made with Manuka Honey and you can taste how fresh and pure it is! 
Love the Mardi Gras bead wall art, which gives the joint a touch of The Big Easy. I  wonder if they will add some typical NOLA dishes to their menu. That would be a pretty phenomenal fusion!I'm so excited about this place! Amazing gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options! I had the gluten free pizza and it was one of the better pizzas I've ever had. The drinks we're amazing, I suggest the skinny margarita! Can't wait to go back and try out more or the menuBest vegan food in the city! Every ingredient was so fresh! The drinks are creative and a  great alternative to soda or soft drinks. The bowls are creative with dynamic flavor. I also recommend the edamame guacamole with homemade chips! There is a place to pick up to go orders with ease. There is space to sit at the bar or lots of space for big groups. The space was beautiful and open and a place I will be back!One of my absolute favorite places to eat in Houston and ATL. As a local that lives in downtown NOLA, I'm grateful for the new location!!While visiting New Orleans, my boyfriend and I went here for dinner due to their menu catering to dietary needs. I have to eat gluten-free and often find it very frustrating to find good places to eat here in Louisiana. They have multiple dishes that they are able to make gluten-free as well as dishes that are naturally gluten-free. We got the Lasagna Bolognese and I thought it was delicious. Both me and my boy really dislike mushrooms and saw that it was one of the ingredients listed so we asked our server to leave those out. She came back out saying that The mushrooms are actually made into the tomato sauce but that she could ask the chef if he could make a special order without the mushrooms. I was really impressed by that and could tell that they had a real chef back there that was very accommodating and that every order really was made fresh. After scraping our bowls, we decided that we HAD to try the flourless chocolate cake. When it came out, it took us approximately two minutes to finish because it was THAT good. I highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone! Five starsA good farm to table restaurant located in downtown New Orleans. Loved how fresh everything tasted and they offered a great variety of nonalcoholic juices. I would suggest trying the apple lemonade.
I had the steak tacos and kale salad. The pickled onions were a perfect compliment to the dish. The salad was crunchy and the dressing was light. If you enjoy farm to take food, I would suggest checking this place out. The ambiance was the perfect break from the loudness of bourbon street.The service at this restaurant was A1! Everyone was friendly and professional, I just didn't enjoy this bowl. It was the Teriyaki Quinoa Bowl...it honestly was just missing something in my opinion.We stopped in for a quick drink on our first night in New Orleans.  The space is clean and bright, and the staff are very friendly.   I enjoyed a rose cocktail with gin, grapefruit, and dried rose petals on top.  Very floral, but really delicious.  
While we didn't eat anything, the menu looks great, with lots of variety and healthy options.Disappointing! Our dinner group of 8 folks & no one liked that they ordered. I had turkey burger: dry, tasteless, "smashed avocado" was a smear of green, smoked gouda covered only 1/3 burger & I left the entire bun. My husband had steak tacos: 2 tacos with very little filling plus he had a food reaction cos it was so spicy. Not going back there.Stopped for lunch after reading other reviews and craving really healthy food with great flavor. I had the cauliflower polenta bowl and upon the waitress' suggestion, added shrimp. It was excellent with a fine balance of flavors. The chef delivered it to my table and later stopped by to see how I liked it. Prices are similar to other restaurants in the neighborhood.Came to NOLA for the food experience....went to French Quarter and all the local places. This was the best food we had anywhere. Not even a competition. Maybe we were searching to hard for true "NOLA" food. The answer was something else.Love true food!! We had a great meal and great service. We were shocked and surprised at what happened in the bathroom. A chef walked in, went into a stall and didn't wash her hands........................ we were concerned about what we just ate!! I would expect more from true food..............I finally made it to True food kitchen and it did not disappoint. I pretty much wanted to order everything on the menu because it sounded so good. I went for lunch right at 11:30 and it was not crowded bUt did fill up shortly after.. our waitress was so nice is explain almost 15 different items on the menu. We settled for the cauliflower appetizer, flavorful with a hint of sweetness; the cauliflower polenta with grilled chicken, and steak tacos. I know what you're thinking...2 cauliflower dIshes?!? They were so different and unique from each other it was no problem. The polenta has a nice  hint of spice, I only wish they  put more broccoli heads vS the stumps. I can't wait to  go back and try the flat breads and cocktails!They don't open until September 25th. This open a special soft opening. Atmosphere is cool, nice long bar with tv's. Everything that passed my table look good. Had the roasted Brussel sprouts and fish tacos all were delicious. I will definitely be back for dinner.The best of the best of the best!! My husband and I rented an apartment in the warehouse district and were looking for outdoor dining and take out options nearby and stumbled upon True Kitchen. It was so good that we have taken out two dinners and one lunch in a 24 hour period with no end in sight! Everything we have tried is great: their tacos, salads, noodle bowls, edamame dumplings, sweet potato hash and of course the charred cauliflower with dates. Tahini and pistachio! They don't have a full bar, but they have a nice selection of wine, beer and craft cocktails.Oh I am glad we've found this place, it will become our "must-go" every time we visit New Orleans! Server is friendly and attentive. Food is superb and fresh. Outdoor and indoor seatings available. Social distance tables and face mask required when not seated. We ordered cranberry juice (not the sweetened one you have in a bottle), cappuccino (love it), butternut squash soup (oh yum!), avocado toast (crunchy and tasty), garden scramble with chicken sausage added (must try). Having a good meal put a big smile on our faces, don't you agree? No guilt because the ingredients are fresh and balanced.Fresh vegan options. Kids menu was very friendly. Unreal How healthy this place is. Its brand new. Great atmosphere for family and friends. Bowls with veggies options. We sat at a booth, order organic pizza, the crusted cauliflower its delicious!Came here on a Saturday night during Halloween weekend with a large party... without a reservation. Oops. I did not realize how popular this place is! However, the hostess was extremely helpful and went out of her way to accommodate us to the best of her ability, which I greatly appreciated. Service continued to be impeccable throughout our meal. Our waitress stopped by our table numerous times: taking our drink orders, then appetizers, then entrees, drink refills, and lastly, dessert. We never needed to flag down a server, which was really impressive considering how busy the restaurant seemed to be! 
As for the food, I was pleasantly surprised. It's definitely on the pricier side, so be prepared to splurge a little. I was happy with my Turkey Burger though. For about $15 including tax, I got a juicy, delicious burger with a generous side of their sweet potato hash (highly recommend! It was not overly seasoned and the onions added an extra depth of flavor. I think the other side choices were kale salad or some other healthy greens.) This also seemed to have the best portion to price ratio, based on the entrees that the other members of my party ordered. 
Of note, a member of my party also ordered an entrée that came with a side of sweet potato hash, but his serving was noticeably lacking compared to mine. While I had the meat of the potatoes, (imagine: bright orange, solid sweet potato cubes), his looked more like the burnt ends (imagine: dark, burnt clippings of sweet potatoes.) Some consistency would have been nice. 
The interior is really modern, and I love the open kitchen design. It's a bit loud in there from so many conversations taking place, so just keep that in mind if you're trying to plan a cozy, intimate date night. A member of my party mentioned that they had a happy hour where there were select menu items at a cheaper price, which I am very interested in, but I didn't see any advertisements for this supposed HH. Please tell me this exists!!Found this place onYelp, what a treasure.  First night cauliflower polenta, so delicious.  Second night lasagna, again delicious.  Tonight edamame dumplings and flourless chocolate cake.  Dont judge! So nice to have a restaurant that cares about clean eating.Delicious, fresh food, excellent craft cocktails, top notch service and exceptionally clean! Highly recommendWe had an amazing server! I feel like we must've caught the kitchen on a bad night. Thanks for the response.Great lunch spot...right on the St Charles streetcar line. Go for the edamame dumplings! Service was only okay...very friendly, but a bit inattentive. Would definitely return.Food quality very good 
Pizza is tiny.  Quite over priced
spent $100 and it wasn't enough to feed four people
they forgot the extra dressing and the silverware
I won't be ordering from there againWe LOVE True Food Kitchen!  The food is fresh, flavorful and healthy. We're always torn between going back to our favorites or trying something new, but you can't go wrong either way. 
The staff at this location is friendly and welcoming. We actually had lunch AND dinner here today and were fortunate to have Jamal wait on us each time. He was just awesome. He really knows the menu, made great suggestions, was attentive  and was just such a kind personn that he made our meals special. 
True Food Kitchen is a welcome respite from the usual NOLA restaurants that focus on fried food and heavy saucesLove the food and the service! If you have serious )as opposed to fashionable or pretend) allergies the staff will go out of their way to ensure that you don't have to go for your eppi pen!:) I appreciate how they take their time and care.I have a problem where I like to order at least 2 entrees because I'm constantly hungry due to constant stress and exercise. Yes - self-induced and I'm okay with that. Haha! I LOVE TRUE FOOD KITCHEN. SO MUCH. CAN'T DEAL. 
My favorite things:
Winter Immunity Bowl - this garlic broth is off the chain!
Korean Noodle Bowl - GET THIS WITH TOFU - OFF THE CHAIN - the wok flavor is on point!
Edamame dumplings - truffle accent is INSANELY GOOD. 
Honestly, I'm just mad that True Food isn't a buffet. I don't have a lot of friends so it's not like I can get a bunch of people to go eat with me and then I somehow end up trying half of all their dishes. I guess I just have to keep coming back again and again! :)
Also, their cocktails are bomb diggity! Love the Ginger Margarita and the Classic Margarita.
Staff and management are always SO incredibly friendly and fun and nice and good looking. HUGE PLUS! LOL 
Headed back there tonight on my short stay. LOVE YOU GUYS!Today I decided to give the food a second try, and I even brought friends. I decided that maybe this time I should try the hamburger. I usually don't eat red meat, but last time I went vegetarian. I wanted to see if a meat-based dish would be better. We discussed how beautiful the decor is, and how clean and bright the atmosphere is. It's also nice that there are so many vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. The consensus, however, was very similar to my previous visit. The dishes were mostly either bland or poorly balanced in terms of flavor. My hamburger was definitely bland and a little greasy. The kale salad was both intensely bitter and acidic at the same time, making it much more flavorful but hard to eat. I guess I'm a bit of a critic, but I was taught how to balance flavors when I started cooking as a young teen. If you have a bitter green like kale mixed with a deep, rich, sulfurous green like arugula, traditionally, you can use something a little salty, sweet, sour/acidic for balance, but a little goes a long way. For instance, in Greek dishes, bitter greens are often served with olive oil, sea salt, and a DASH of lemon. I'm just kind of surprised that someone is tasting these dishes and still feeling that the flavor profiles are good. I still have a bump on my tongue from my last visit...you know, the kind you get when you eat a pickle that's too sour? Anyway, I gave True Kitchen a second chance. I think it's a very nice, clean place to eat, but definitely heavy on the concepts and presentation and a little low on delivery of flavor.The food was absolutely delicious, and there were so many great and different flavor options! Also, our server Jas was SO sweet and just wanted to give her some kudos!This place!!! Holy moly! So many positive things about True Food Kitchen! This beautifully and thoughtfully prepared food in a sanitized, healthy setting made for such a lovely night out! Because we were so excited about all the incredible options on the menu, we started by ordering two appetizers - the edamame dumplings and the jackfruit lettuce wraps and could only gush to each other about how delicious they were. I have no idea how they did that to jackfruit, but more please. The salmon entree and the ancient grains bowl both knocked our taste buds out of the park. Both dishes make you think you can maybe make this at home, but you can never ever make it this good so why try? It's right there, perfectly prepared and not overpriced! We were stuffed but it's so rare to go to a restaurant where every single bite is perfection that we decided to shoot for the key lime mousse and the brownie sundae just to see if it could possibly live up to the hype and OH MY YES THEY DID. 
The STAFF is just icing on the cake (probably sugar free!). Every person we encountered I think was pleasantly smiling behind their mask. They made great recommendations and did not crowd us. Our server Olivia was an absolute doll. For this clean food eater it was such a relief to learn how they carefully select ingredients to promote wellness. The manager, Roy, even came over to make us feel welcome and tell us a little about how they are balancing keeping their staff and building space well and safe while continuing to serve great food during the pandemic. Our experience was top notch. I cannot recommend TRUE FOOD KITCHEN more and we will definitely return!Staff is amazing here... great service and passionate employees! Food is delicious and fresh. If you're looking for healthy and tasty  meals, make this your regular eatery. Second day in a row for me to have dinner here, make sure to order the butternut squash pie WOW!!!Recommend? Yes.
I got the spinach and mushroom pizza with a cup of creamy tomato soup, both were vegan. This is a greasy thin crust pizza. There's not much carbs going on and despite it being made of only veggies it doesn't taste healthy at all, or at least I don't think. The caramelized onions, mushroom, spinach, and dollop of "ricotta" all falls together really nicely on this little pie. It is a little pie by the way. I ordered a cup of the creamy tomato soup so I can dip the pizza crust in it. All in all this is a simple delicious meal.I wish there was a true food closer to me!! I love EVERYTHING! It was amazing, it felt pretty healthy and had great flavor. Only wish there was more dumplingsb