The service was wonderful by Phillip. The food was to die for by Chef Marcus. This is the oldest restaurant in NOLA. And it's still going strong! This is a must to visit.Where do I start....
1. Service: Slow. I felt like I was in Europe with the time it took to both put an order in and pay for the check. Isn't that why we tip in America? 
2. Setting: Small, cramped (understandable in New Orleans) and dirty. Not a fan.
3. Food: I got a seafood entre and my grilfriend got a steak and neither of us finished, not because we weren't hungry, but because it simply was not good. Also very expensive for small portions.
4. Drinks: For being a specialty drink place, the specialty drinks weren't mixed well. I expected better for $10 a drink.We chose this place because it wasn't far from our hotel and our guide from the carriage ride said it was one of her favorite old places in New Orleans and they didn't require a dress code. So we went. It's sort of odd when you walk in because it's the bar and you walk through and end up in this hallways where the restrooms are and where servers are moving food from the kitchen to the dinning room. Anyways we were able to get a table right away. They brought us amazing crusty French bread and butter to start, but forgot to tell us they were out of certain things on the menu, which is limited already. The server was nice and made sure we had water right off the bat. We chose their lump crab gnocchi in a mushroom sauce as an appetizer, it was really good. We chose scallops and their filet for our meal. It comes with a starch and a veggie and no real substations other than changing from mashed potatoes to mashed sweet potatoes. The food came out in a really fast and was cooked to perfection. My filet was thick and so tender. I ordered it medium rare and it was honestly the best cooked steak I've ever had from a restaurant, the cook did an amazing job!! The mashed potatoes where really good as well. Perfectly cooked and season and it was a course mashed versus creamy. The potatoes still had the skin on, they were really good. 
What made me give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the limited menu and the terrible table next to us. It's a small dinning area with tile floors and tall ceilings. The table was so incredibly loud you couldn't even hear yourself think. It was terrible! The party consisted of 2 tables and the second table with the party was even complaining how loud they were and were embarrassed by their behavior. It's one thing to be having a good time and occasionally be obnoxious, but when you're ruining other people's dinning that's when I feel management should've stepped in and requested they keep it down. 
Overall I think we had good food and the service was good.Well we should have known when we were able to get reservations last minute on a Saturday night at the "second oldest restaurant in New Orleans" that it would be bad. But not this bad: lukewarm soup and pasta, spinach salad served in diminutive bowls, courses served out of order and not coordinated with other diners at the same table, an obsequious waiter, and filthy restrooms.Great private room for our group of 20. Our server Victor was awesome - shared the history of the restaurant (second oldest in New Orleans) and he was fun, funny and provided great service. We had a blast.I would like to thank the folks at Tujagues bar for making our Saturday night great. This was already one of our favorite FQ bars so this was such a great night. We were wanting to watch the Aggie/Miss St game and they put it on one of their TVs for us. Two bottles of wine, great dinner, and a win plus meeting some great people made an excellent night. Thank you.Celebrated my 50th birthday at Tujague's back in mid-February.  The staff at Tujague's did an amazing job of working with my wife and setting things up for our party of 13 people, even gave us a private room facing Decatur Street with a balcony. As we had a number of NOLA first timers with us this trip, the LOVED the view and the ambiance.
Now, on to the important stuff. The food was amazing!!! My personal favorite was the Shrimp Absinthe, I swear the sauce in that dish would make your flip-flop taste amazing. Also of note was the Creole Turtle soup, Oysters en Brochette, Crab au Gratin, and the Louisiana Lump Crab & Wild Mushroom Gnocchi appetizers. In regards to the main courses we (and our guests) loved the Gulf Puppy Drum Pontchartrain, Grilled Double Cut Pork Chop, Chicken Pontalba, and my personal favorite the Abita Amber BBQ Shrimp and Grits.
Our waiter, Dennis, was great as well. There is a reason why Tujague's is the second oldest restaurant in the Quarter, I highly recommend them!So, the place I really wanted to go to that night had a 2 hour wait.
Instead of jumping on yelp to find another (face palm) I decided to be more
adventurous and walk around. I figure, in this area if there are at least 70% of the seats filled in a restaurant it should be ok, right?
Eventually Tujague's and I crossed paths. It's a tiny dark place. Suitable for my mood that night. And the placed had a good amount of people in there eating. Fine, deal....
The first surprise was that the menu was pre-fixe and the prices were something like $42 - $50 per person, give or take. Granted, that wasn't a bad surprise at first. I figured if they were charging that much and the food was garbage they would be out of business (I now realize that's not always the case when your demographic is probably 90% tourists).
On to the food....
I really only want to say one thing about the food. It reminded me of home cooking as a child. More specifically, on nights my parents would go out and left me a frozen Stouffer's dinner to heat up all by my lonesome. In my opinion there isn't a more accurate way to describe the "veal" entree. Dunno about the other dishes there and will never find out.
The Service.....
Well, I must say the service was quite good. The waiters were fast and friendly. The only reason I didn't give it one star.
...good luckMy husband, daughter and I visited Tujaque's Restaurant for lunch on Sunday.  We were absolutely bowled over.  The restaurant is steeped in history and elegance - with lovely settings on fine linen table cloths.  My husband ordered the "special" for that day - a wonderful combination of eggplant and other delights.  My daughter and I ordered some of the New Orleans favorites of Etouffee, Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya.  All were absolutely delicious and each of us would have been given a clean plate award.  Our waiter was prompt, polite and helpful.  We found the pricing for our lunch meal to be very reasonable.  In all - we were very impressed and plan to make this one of our favorite stops when we visit New Orleans again.I booked a private room several weeks in advance for our wedding reception dinner. The sales manager, Megan, was great to work with. Very helpful, and quick to respond to all inquiries.
Unfortunately, the even itself was unforgettable, and not in a good way. The room was upstairs, and in bad need of updating. I'm all about the weathered look, but it was weathered in a bad way (carpet was falling apart, etc.).
On to the food. The shrimp remoulade salad was really good. The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was fine. Everyone else seemed to enjoy the brisket with horseradish and the Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat Ravigote. 
My problems started with the main course. I ordered my steak medium. The first time it came out it was still rare. So I sent it back. The second time it came out, it was still rare again. So I sent it back again. The third time it came out it was like a charcoal briquette. I have worked in the service industry for years, and that was the most unprofessional service I have ever seen...or received. The cook was obviously sending us a message (either we eat it as is or we don't eat at all). And the same exact thing happened to my sister who was sitting right next to me. She didn't order hers medium...I can't remember what her request was...whatever it was, her results were the exact same. Amazingly enough everyone else's steaks turned out perfect. Shocking considering the HORRIBLE treatment we received.
Their cook obviously has issues with professionalism/maturity. And PLEASE understand I am not a picky person. I am not a picky eater even. I just wanted a steak cooked medium. I don't think that's a difficult request.
Our server did credit our ticket, but it doesn't change the fact our dinner was ruined and I felt like we had been treated poorly.
Also, the dessert was pitiful. We had selected the chocolate pecan pie for dessert for our guests. We each received maybe a 1/2" sliver of pie. Like why even bother serving dessert at all?
Then, to top things off, they ruined our centerpieces. I had called the florist to ask what happened to our centerpiece settings (when we arrived at Tujagues I immediately noticed that they tables did not at all appear as I had asked them to appear). This is the response I got from our florist:
"I am extremely sorry about the petals and tables. We sent over a very large pack of red petals with a whole case of candles to the restaurant. Originally when I called to schedule the set up of the room , I was told anytime after 11am the room would be available. When our delivery driver showed up , she was told the room was being used for another party until 5pm. They insured us that if we left it with them (spoke to David), they would make sure it got done the right way. We called back at 5pm to remind them again in full detail that the petals & candles were to be heavily spread across both tables. They insured us that it would be done that exact way." 
We will never go back again. And I would never recommend Tujague's to anyone I cared about.You know, I've been meaning to try this place for a while. I went to a party there, and I was a bit underwhelmed. I know the restaurant has history, and I know it's currently going through some problems (the owner passed away). But, I was surprised by how unexciting the food was. The traditional food was ok, but I've had way better. The crab cakes were extremely dry; the gumbo was bland.
Now, the worst part is that while there was an open bar, the drinks were all super-super-super watered down. The tonic was flat, and the liquor itself seems to have been watered down. At one point, I asked for an extra shot of gin for my drink, which they gave me (I saw it come out of the bottle). I walked away and tasted the gin, which seemed to be half water.
It makes me sad, and I hope the current troubles are just a symptom of the trauma the restaurant has experienced. But, I also hope the straighten it out before these problems drive the place into the ground.I don't get what the bad reviews are all about - I thought this place was great!  Food & service were both terrific. Yeah, the bar isn't all bright & shiny, but that's because it is OLD!  The place has been operating for over 160 years!
Felt to me like I was getting a true old school New Orleans experience.Stopped in for a drink - bartender kept a $3 tip without giving me my change - beware!Friend and I split the shrimp creole, the crab cake and crab and mushroom gnocchi. It was so delicious. Not a single complaint!Great place for lunch! Excellent service, comfy, and delicious food. Had a po boy and it was excellent, very tender brisket.It was good for a large group and the waiter was nice and attentive. They had some classics cocktails that were good but the food was inconsistent. The brisket that I ate was tender but others in our group was tough. The grits were a bit undercooked and hard. Overall, for the price point, I think it was over rated.One of my go to restaurants in Nola. Was told about it from someone that actually lived there. Lunch menu is great, dinner is even better. Quiet place to get away from the crowds.After several hours at the swamp tour, I was hungry. The shuttle dropped me off in the French Quarter and this restaurant was open. 
I went in and sat at the bar. I ordered a coconut rum and coke bit was yummy. I then asked for a lunch menu. It was just after 15:00 and I was informed that there was no food. Really? The place can't bend the rules a bit and feed a hungry tourist who came just after 15:00? So, it was misleading for me to think that this restaurant served food until closing. 
I paid for my drink and tipped the bartender. I then went to a real restaurant for a late lunch.Ordered gulf fish.  We were one of the first ones in for lunch.  Placed our order early.  Restaurant started getting crowded.  Everyone who arrived after us started getting there food and we were there with nothing.  So we left after the waiter told us 3 times every 15 minutes that our food was on its way out.Don't expect cutting edge modern cuisine here.  You get to choose your entree.  Otherwise everyone eats the same things.  My fixed price dinner was as follows:  Decent shrimp remoulade.  Mediocre soup.  Great  beef brisket (but small serving size).  Average lamb shank.  Above average bread pudding and coffee.  Good service.  Having said that, my friends did enjoy this place more than me.  One had pan-fried fish of the day instead of lamb.  Another had filet mignon instead of lamb.This unique spot located just near Jackson Square and Cafe du Monde has my mouth watering for their brisket.  Once you eat their famous boiled brisket with horsh radish tomato sauce you will know what brisket truly is....  And if you like chicken, the Chicken Bonne Femme is amazing and you will think you died and went to heaven.  Just try it, you will see.I love Tujague's.  I've never had a bad meal here and I'm a sucker for the early 20th century style of serving.  You choose your entree and that's pretty much it.  Everything else is set.  The kitchen staff & the waiters have all worked their forever and it's fun to watch their interactions.
I could eat their shrimp all day every day.  I even got to tour the 2nd floor when my cousin considered them for her wedding reception.  What a great building.My husband and I waited here before the NOLA beer tour and grabbed a couple cocktails and a bite before heading out with the tour. We were in the bar so I can't speak on the service in the actual restaurant, but we did enjoy delicious cocktails and seafood gumbo. I had at least 3 different gumbos while in NOLA and this one was my favorite. My family is from Louisiana; I'm no stranger to good gumbo. It wasn't overly fishy, and it had enough heat without being overbearing. My husband's only complaint was that he didn't get much "substance" in his.  After dinner I had a grasshopper cocktail and it was the perfect after-dinner drink (like a mint!)
During our NOLA beer tour we got to sample the brisket with our beer tasting. It melted in your mouth. The flavor was different, but it was delicious with a cold beer!
The following day we stopped in here to have another grasshopper. The same bartender was working and I raved to him about the gumbo. My husband mentioned his one complaint (about the lack of substance) and the bartender disappeared for a few minutes shortly after. When he returned he had brought 2 bowls of gumbo, with plenty of substance!
What a save! 
Overall, I was a big fan of this place and will definitely go back to sample more of the menu when we return to New Orleans!We were a table of 13, the staff were wonderful.  The place is a little run down.  The roast was ok, even though it was the specialty - although the sauce that came with it was delicious.  The fried green tomato appetizer was great.  The crawfish & goat cheese crepe was awesome.  The gnocchi was good.  Overall, great place, but only reason for 3 stars is the signature dish (roast) was salty and below average.  Costco slow cooked roast was a leg up.Absolutely perfect!
We held our wedding dinner here, 10 attendees, 2 hours.
We were seated in the Begue room, 1st floor.
They exceeded our expectations, the staff went above and beyond their duty. They were great about letting us decorate the tables, all the chairs, setting up our cake, etc.
The food was amazing, and by far the most affordable restaurant to hold an event for the high class food and service you receive. We live around 3 hours away from New Orleans and make frequent visits. We've eaten at just about every restaurant in the French Quarter and Tujagues is definitely above par when it comes to their food. Flavor was great, presentation was very nice.
We opted for the open bar for 2 hours, they didn't let our drinks even get half empty before they were bringing in another round. (I was worried they would try to skimp out on the open bar, and they most definitely did not).
The event coordinator, Katie Ostrowski, could not have been more helpful with getting us scheduled, picking out menu options and getting us all the information we needed. We had a 4 course meal for 10 people AND a complete open bar for 2 hours all under $1,000 including the tip... No other restaurant compares to this type of service for this price in the French Quarter. Tujague's made our wedding dinner a success!We were only in NOLA for one night but this choice was a good one. It is better to go for lunch as the prices are better and when you are only there for 24 hours it's best to eat small. I got the crab cake, which was wonderful with its remulaude sauce and small green salad. A frien got the red beans, sausage and rice and loved it. Another got the gumbo and liked it. The warm crusty bread served was a treat as well. Very elegant feel to the room and the server was a charmer. Born and raised in NOLA I asked some questions about Katrina and he was quite interesting to listen to.Fucking Yummy with a capital Y!
Tujague's is interesting. You enter through a small bar that is predominately taken over by the long bar and a few tables. If you let them know you're there to dine, you'll be ushered into a back area with tables and a great view for people watching. The whole place feels like it's been left unremodeled since the early 20th century, with black and white hexagonal tiles covering the floors that have been made uneven with time.
On to the food. Start with a huge loaf of freshly baked bread and choose a wine from their list. Great service from dandily dressed waiters was fantastic, but the food was the real highlight. I had the vegetarian gnocchi and within a few bites I was so sad because I knew this amazing dish would probably never happen in my life again. It was so, SO delicious and I was so wrapped up in how good it was I don't even remember what my husband ate. We finished with the banana bread pudding. I normally don't do dessert, but no human could resist the siren call of this confection.
The manager stopped by to check on us and we had a really nice time chatting with him. Overall, it was a perfect date night and if I ever go back to New Orleans, it will be specifically to eat their gnocchi again.Recommend: their bread. Shrimp and grits.
NOLA restaurants tend to serve this thick crust light and fluffy middle bread. Theirs was the best. It was the freshest, had the crunchiest crust and fluffiest center. 
Late November, Lunch. Not crowded. 
Liked the ambiance. Simple decor, black and white checker tile floors. The building is so old that if you sit on the edges of the dining room, the floor under your chair is slanted.This was the worst doing experience in large city with all available reviews. The front if the house- aside from the walk through some smoky bar with college kids partying in the oldest bar in Nola. 
Sat down and saw crowd dining. That was clue number 1. Seated with wait staff. When waitress cane by, I asked for black linen napkin for my black outfit and was met withThis is an authentic and unique old school New Orleans restaurant & bar. It doesn't look like much when you enter as one of the oldest established restaurants in NOLA. As you head into the dinning area you will find elegantly set tables and the NOLA vibe you desire. The bartender Brett was a fantastic young man who was very helpful with local hints & tips. He makes a mean Hurricane which was far above any other we'd tried. The food was off the charts great in everything we ate. We shared several items from the soft shell crab BLT Po-Boy; the seafood gumbo, a seafood coronation & on a different visit the brisket Po-Boy. All were 5 star. Our waiter Remmy was awesome! Highly recommend for the real NOLA experience!Forget the haters this place rules. By far the best food we have had on our visit. I had a Pimm's Cup and it was delicious. For my meal I had their Louisiana Crab, Wild Mushroom gnocchi and I loved it! My husband had the brisket and said it was one of the best meals he has ever had!Only had one night in New Orleans, and this was where we ended up for dinner.  Big disappointment.   The food was average at best... over-sauced and under flavored.  I had the chicken entree and it was pretty dry with some stray bones and chewy skin.  The meals are Prixe Fixe style, which is ok cause the give you a few options... but I still prefer to sample from a larger menu.  Overall, I'd say avoid this one.We went in with a group, wasn't a lot of room, bar tenders were mildly friendly.  Drinks are small for the price. Wouldn't recommend opening a tab as amounts and number of drinks were questionable. They said they are a specialty bar compared to others in the area but drinks were no better, in smaller cups and at higher prices. Ok place but probably better other choices around. Not a super bad experience just not greatDO NOT COME HERE. Unless you like eating expensive, mediocre food.  This restaurant was recommended by a native Louisianian so I was expecting something good. I did my research before going, so I knew that it was in an old building with character, no menu, prix fixe, etc, but I didn't know the food was going to be so-so. At almost $50/pp (without drinks), I was definitely expecting better. Save your money and go to Commander's Palace instead!The building has a lot of history. It was really cool. Well actually it was really hot inside but once we got the air conditioning sorted out it was great. I had the amazing lump crab nest gnocchi. SO GOOD! And the hurricanes were delicious. For dessert I had the chocolate pecan pie. Perfection!
It's got such a great location, right there in the French Quarter next to Jackson Square and across from Cafe Du Monde.Just an OK meal...nothing special.  Touristy crap.  We went here for the Thanksgiving special dinner.  My potatoes were cold and the veggies were sad.  My fillet minion was very good.  The waiter was confused about the bar service upstairs.  Luckily a bar dude came by and took our order.  Maybe come here for the roast beef sandwich during the day.We eat in New Orleans often.   This meal was a special occasion, and thought this could be a fun place to take a small group (8).   All of the food was very good - I have no complaints there.   The service, however, was a whole other story - it was the worst that we have have ever received in New Orleans.   I had to leave the table 2 times to go find the waiter, we were never offered dessert, the table was NEVER cleaned and we got to tack on a gracious 20% tip for being a large group.   The only excuse were given after complaining was that there was another large group - I couldn't care less about another group - that's why we both made reservations so that you could staff your restaurant appropriately.   There are no excuses for the service that we received and there are no reasons that I will need to go back.I usually think of Tujague's more as a tourist destination than a place locals visit, which is probably just due to it's location in the Quarter, right near Café Du Monde. Maybe that's not fair. I'm not sure. But when my friend threw her husband a surprise birthday brunch here, it was the perfect opportunity for me to try it out. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised.
We had a big group (about 9, I think) and they accommodated us well by placing us in a small room at the back of the restaurant. It wasn't a totally private room, as there were a few other tables in there, but it was small enough that we could all talk to each other and not be annoying to everyone else trying to eat. Our server was very nice and attentive. More on that later.
In terms of food, I had a soft shell crab po-boy, which was quite large and pretty tasty. I asked for pickles to be added and they came on the side after I had already eaten about two-thirds of the sandwich. I guess it's better late than never, though. I was quite full after eating the whole thing.
I also had a couple of screwdrivers to drink. They were fine. Hard to mess up vodka and orange juice. But what made them particularly good this time is that our waitress got all of our drinks comped because it took a good while for our food to come out. Nobody was complaining or anything, but she was very apologetic. We certainly weren't complaining about free drinks! I left her a solid tip.
I don't thik Tujague's is a place I would go out of my way to visit again, especially with parking being an issue in that area of town. But if I'm down there and need something, I'd definitely consider it. But be warned, there's a fine line between old in the charming way and old in the falling apart way. Tujague's is right up against that line.I can't believe this place was raining bad I was really surprised at how good everything was maybe because I wasn't expecting much. But just nice dining experience with some great food. Had the gumbo which was old-school gumbo but very tasty.  Also had the brisket which was very good and moist and tender. Only thing I didn't like was the fried green tomatoes the tartar sauce or whatever it is that's with it just not good. Also had the bread pudding which was really really really good and could not leave without visiting the standup bar to get the original grasshopper which is like a second dessertI was very disappointed in both the quality of the food and the service. Our waiter was disinterested and robotic. The food was meager and poorly prepared, even the bread pudding seemed to be a microwaved left over.
The place itself was worn out and dilapidated and not in a charming way, with dirty laundry and garbage piled in plain view near the restroom.
To really cap off the evening, I had a stiff case of diarrhea immediately after leaving the place.
I am a frequent  traveler to NOLA and have dined at many of the fine restaurants there, Tujagues is not one,First, our waiter was great and is exactly how I expect wait staff to be at a restaurant like this. We asked the chef to substitute shrimp for crab in our risotto and he was happy to do it. The food was amazing. I didn't try any of the wine but the rest of our group did and they were very happy with the list and what they got.Stopped in with some friends who are New Orleans natives. Dropped by for a drink or two during the day after swinging by the French Flea market. The bar definitely had a cool feel (love the huge mirror - brought over in the hold of a ship from France). The bartender was good; not only did he do a great job mixing drinks, he also was knowledgeable in the bar history and was very friendly.We didn't have reservations but were welcomed and waited less than 30 minutes. This place is the real deal. Wait staff was very friendly and not at all snooty, a place with this high level dining experience could really go that direction. Another review complained about the portion size, but ours was perfect, and every bite was over the top delicious. Beautiful dining room, professional staff, relaxed although classy atmosphere. Aahh. I had the drum with an exquisite sauce with shrimp and crab, my hubs had a beautiful airline breast of chicken. We both had the house salad. This is definitely food heaven.We were visiting NOLA for a couple of days in May, and on our last evening we hit the jackpot......or should I say, Tujague Pot!
The staff seated us right away; even w/o a reservation!
The waiters and waitresses were efficient, accommodating, and very friendly!
All of the food was exceptionally good. I only wish I didn't live so very far away.
They did tell me a cookbook with their memorable recipes will be available online in October. I can't wait!Ate lunch here and the soft shelled crab BLT poor boy sandwich was incredibly good...especially considering the price under $15.
The gumbo was terrific as well and the $3 Bloody Mary's were some of the best in the city.
Service was outstanding- and the whole experience was noteworthy...one that we will revisit during future trips to the city.
Highly recommended!Oldest Bar-restaurant in NOLA.  Shrimp salad was delicious, Good fast service.Service and willingness to fix issues was completely unacceptable. A large group of us recently visited this restaurant, with a prior reservation, since it is on a busy weekend (Jazzfest). We get in, are immediately sat at our table, given water & ordered drinks & appetizers. It took 90 minutes to get appetizers and salad, and when we checked in with our waiter to see what the hold up was all we got was "I honestly don't know, the kitchen just said they were backed up." At no point did he apologize for the delay, offer to refill our water or ask if we wanted another round of drinks. We ordered two fried green tomato appetizers for the table, not knowing that you only get ONE per order, and with a group of 8 our waiter also did not make any suggestions or recommend that we may want to order a few more. I went to speak to the manager at this point to ask what was going on and try to get some communication as we had some pretty aggravated and hungry people in our group. He offered no apologies, didn't come to address our table, and passed me off to someone else who didn't do much more than that either. There were no explanations or offers to fix our problem. Busy nights happen and are understandable when handled appropriately and communicated about. When I reach out to a manager to discuss the problem at hand and he does nothing, not even issue an apology then that establishment doesn't deserve anything other than a service training.Came here with a party of 6. 
Waitress messed up drink order.
Received our food. 3 gumbo's were cold. 1 gumbo didn't even have meat in it. Other than temperature of food, the gumbo is good.
Server had a very snappy attitude.I mostly came because of the grasshopper. Everything was ok just not fantastic. It is famous so of you come just to say you've been that's what I'd recommend.love this old fashioned multi course, fixed price restaurant. Best gumbo in town, old tyme creole style, great shrimp remoulade and exceptional boiled beef brisket. All meals come with these starters and choice of entree, usually a fish, chicken, meat, and other.....also comes with bread pudding for dessert, and coffee or tea.
nice old fashioned tiled dining room, white tablecloths, professional servers, great bloody marys from the bar.  Overall a solid choice for a hearty and reasonable mealTook a stroll  through the French Quarter today and after checking a few menus around town, we decided to try the world's famous Tujague's. There's lots of history to this place including nearly losing their lease in a recent feud with the new owners of the building. The restaurant has been in this location since 1856 after being founded by a French Market butcher from Bordeaux, France.  The restaurant still serves many of the dishes that made it famous. 
We had the 1856 Celebration Lunch for... you guessed it... $18.56. There were some choices... and we went with the gumbo du jour, Tujague's Brisket, and bread pudding desert. The gumbo was fantastic, many restaurants go heavy on the okra and filet to the point of ruining the dish; but Tujague's gets it right. Plenty of sausage, shrimp, and crab... with just enough rice to make it a very pleasant start to the lunch. The brisket dish comes with way too much meat and too much of the creamy potatoes... but I'm not complaining. With three tender chunks of brisket and a mountain of potatoes no one is leaving hungry. The brisket reminded me more of a roast type dish, but the meat was flavorful and tender. The cocktail type horseradish sauce went surprisingly well with the brisket, contrary to my first thoughts. The potatoes were awesome with a strong buttery garlic flavor. There was butter on the table and bread before the meal. We finished with a bread pudding desert that was good, but not as distinct as the other parts of the meal. 
I've always wanted to eat here and it's a definite must do spot; given the history of the location. Glad we came and definitely recommend it.This review is for the bar, not the restaurant. The bartender working there mid-week is one of the nicest, most knowledgeable, kick-ass drink makers I've had the pleasure of ordering from.  
We went through Pimm's cups, the Grasshopper, Ramoz Fizzes, and an angostura rum phosphate - that's what I remember anyway. And they  were all good.  I can't wait to go back!We went in to Tujague's as part of a food tour. I wished we had found this place sooner. It was awesome!! We had the brisket with a red sauce and it was the best food I have had during our stay. Next time we are in NOLA this will be our first stop.  In addition to the fabulous food their bar is the oldest in the nation, coming from France.  Check out the history and have a fantastic meal!Old, zero maintenance. Nothing extraordinary on the food, expensive. Nice thing they waited the whole time while we enjoyed conversation with our friends without hurrying us at all.We ate here on New Year's Day (had the good sense to OpenTable a reservation on the walk over though!), and it was splendid. The food was outstanding, the service was stellar, and everyone at the restaurant was polite and attentive, even though they had surely been dealing with pure and utter chaos for at least 48 hours. Nice people, great food, worth every penny - next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll definitely come back.We went here for lunch. My friend and I split the Cobb salad and the beef brisket po' boy. Loved the sandwich!  Tasty, but salty (my taste buds are not used to the New Orleans heavy salt hand I guess?!). 
The Cobb salad was good. I have to say, I would've given this place 4 stars....but the avocado was so NOT RIPE it was crunchy. Have you ever had a crunchy avocado? Gross! And avocados are my favorite part of any salad, so I was super sad.  The service was a little slow.Truly a disgrace.
I've been going to Tujaque's with my wife for over 15 years and have witnessed its steady, disappointing decline.  It was one of the first venerable "Old New Orleans" restaurants I ever experienced.  And I loved it.  
The set menu food was tasty, succulent and somehow original even though the menu had not changed in decades.  I liked the attentive waitstaff and maitre'd who had apparently worked there since he was young.  The place was always packed.  I went there often enough that it felt like home.  No longer.
We returned to Tujagues about a month ago for the first time in over two years and, man, were we ever unhappy.  The beef brisket, which was once the best possible way to start a meal, was rubbery, salty and bland.  The waiter, a feckless girl, offered seconds.  We declined.  The shrimp remoulade arrived as a runny, sloppy mess.  It was salty and the tiny shrimp were tough little bastards.  I ate the lettuce because I was hungry.  Same for the bread.
I barely remember the soup except to say that my wife didn't touch her's.  The real disaster started when the entrees came out.  There were four choices: beef, shrimp, chicken and fish.  We passed on the beef since the brisket was so bad.  It didn't matter.  Everything was alternately salty, overcooked, undercooked (that red stuff in the chicken was not gravy...gross), bland, slimy or, generally, unappetizing.  We ended up trying everything because we had to send it all back.
Some kind of dessert with "rum sauce".  It was bland and salty.  I don't think there was any rum in it.
I don't know what happened to the Tujague's we loved.  Maybe there's a new chef who never ate at the restaurant in it's heyday.  Maybe he doesn't understand the history.  Maybe the owners are now too old to appreciate good New Orleans food (too much salt, butter, love, etc.)  Worse, maybe they are content to let the money roll in from all the tourists and assorted suckers who wind up wasting their time and money here.
Whatever the reason, it doesn't matter.  Tujague's is a disgrace and this was the worse meal I've suffered through in the past decade.  It's all pretty depressing as the restaurant was once one of the jewels of our dining scene.  I guess it's true what they say.  You really can't go home again.  R.I.P. Tujaque's.  I don't know when you died, but it's a real bummer that you were replaced by Zombie Tujaque's.Nice spot to stop by and have a cocktail. Drinks were strong and bartender was nice. Great people watching for sure! Sat at this cute table that was the shape of a painter's palette. Most entertaining thing was this group of girls from I believe Liverpool. They were getting wasted at the bar. Not exactly the classiest place to be but great people watching. It was fun. Nice drinks and on to the next bar.We ordered  2 Pacemaker Po Boys, Shrimp and Grits, and a Strawberry Salad. The Shrimp and Grits were very good as well as the Salad. The Pacemaker's needed more flavor and seasoning. The server Vincent T was very rude on several occasions. The one that is making me write this review was his statement after we asked for separate checks. He presented the check as we asked for it stating I already printed it you can separate it yourself . Um, that's not the way we normally get this done. Excuse me?  Then he states y'all should be old enough to ask for separate check when you order ? No, you shouldn't have closed us out until we asked for our check and separate orders. NEVER coming back especially to have serve from VINCENT TOh look it's 5 years later  and it's time for an update. The owner has transitioned from father to son in the last few years, so there have actually been some changes at this venerable restaurant. The dining room looks the same, only spruced up...same for the bar. The menu has some different items on it and some of them are actually healthy. I know it's a shock.
I recently enjoyed a Tales of the Cocktail lunch at Tujague's. It was 3 courses and a Sazerac for around $25. And it was delicious. I had a lovely salad, a beautiful piece of fish and then bread pudding, of course. Oh and I almost ate an entire loaf of french bread by myself because it was warm and tasty.
The staff was great and even let me charge my phone near their station (no plugs in the antique dining room). I'm glad to see them still going strong.We are moving to California and one of our cross country stops was New Orleans. We are traveling with our son who uses a wheelchair. We didn't have a reservation but were seated immediately. We were there fairly early. The table was a little low for our son's wheelchair to fit underneath. A few minutes later, one of the waitstaff came back with blocks of wood he cut to put under the table legs to raise it for the wheelchair. Perfect! Now that's excellent service. The food was delicious. I had the vegetarian gnocchi and our son had the blackened mahi mahi. Both were very, very good. The blackened fish was the best our son has ever had. Great evening in New Orleans at Tujagues.I recently had a great lunch here with my family in town.  (My guests were two adults, a 13 year old boy and a 16 year old girl - all of whom found something they liked.)  All but one dish was better than on my previous visits.  However, my brother-in-law ordered the brisket and it was very dry - the only reason I rate this visit 4 rather than 5 stars.  But, the rest of the food was fantastic - shrimp remoulade, gumbo, red beans & rice, etouffee, and shrimp & grits.  I really appreciated the $3 lunch drink specials too that included wine which mosts drink specials do not - that will definitely get me back.  As always, the service was impeccable, and I will definitely return.Visited this establishment for dinner with my husband. The atmosphere is very nice... classy or casual dress. You can dress up very nice and fit in or come in off the street after being a tourist all day. We had to enter through the bar which was odd seeing as how the restaurant has its own entry door.  They usually take reservations i think because he asked if i had one as soon as we asked for a table but they let us walk in. The staff was friendly enough but they definitely treated you differently depending on how you were dressed. We were seated and handed a menu however another couple was read the menu...(which I knew better than the waiter from 5 minutes of reading).
As for food, we both did the five course meal. 
We started with the shrimp remoulade salad (ok-ish flavor but the sauce was definitely what this salad was about there was probably 1/4 cup on my 1 cup salad plate).
 Next was our soup. I had a the soup de jour(crab and corn bisque) which was delicious I used the bread to get every last bit. Unfortunately my husband got the gumbo which had a half crab in it. Not a blue crab that you can eat but just a decoration that took up half his soup bowl. Also the shrimp in the gumbo was overcooked and besides two pieces of sausage the only meat in his bowl..there was also uncooked rice in the soup mixed in with the overcooked rice...so much in consistency in one bowl...weird and don't recommend. 
The appetizer is the brisket... I would not order the five course meal just to avoid this plate (which the waiter said was their signature dish...I would never admit to that)...Boiled bland dry beef that came with a sauce that tasted to me just like the shrimp remoulade sauce...which is not at all how it is described.
 Next were the main courses...I ordered the Louisiana crab gnocchi with mushroom sauce (it really was a delicious plate)!! Unfortunately for my husband he ordered the filet with garlic confit ( it was dry and flavorless). To me a filet is hard to murder if you just cook it right but these people actually had to cut it before they served it...which of course let all the juices flow out before served..hmmm wonder why it was dry...honestly if you are gonna to charge $39 for a $5 grade steak please at least let there be a trace of flavor left in the meat.
To wrap up our meal... for dessert I had the cheesecake with strawberry sauce and the husband had the bread pudding with whiskey cream sauce...both were exceptional and we were very pleased with that course.
Overall my experience was a 2.5...but gave it a three due to half of my meal being quite delicious. But this kind of inconsistency should not be at a restaurant that charges these kinds of prices. My husband would obviously rate this place lower because he had bad luck with his choices. I would not recommend this place overall. Not worth the money or experience.The chicken was amazing. The white wine sauce with capers and artichokes was tantalizing. I wish I could eat here everyday it was so good. I came here in Mardi Gras the staff was excellent given this is a crazy time for the French quarter. Bathroom was gross but I don't hold that against them, every bathroom is gross around here during this week. If you are in town visiting this is a must stop dinner place. Yummy! My friend really enjoyed his meal too. We both were very happy with our experience.Possibly the worst food I have ever tasted. The lump crab meat appetizer was at room temp. And it looked smelled and tasted like bait...one bite and returned to kitchen....a salad to replace served in a hot bowl, wilted....no walnuts or corn or croutons per the description...hot wilted wet lettuce.....my husband ask them to bring a check...we would pay and leave...they did not bring a check and we did leave the meal.  hORRIBLE! I also noticed two other people left their food and walked out as well.This place has the best roast beef po boy I have ever tasted.  It was moist and the bread was flaky and perfect.  I highly recommend!Always know that you are in trouble when menus do not include prices, however, the food is well worth itThere are two aspects to Tujague's--the bar and the adjoining restaurant. The bar makes a very good Ramos Gin Fizz and a pretty good Sazerac at fair prices. Vist the bar.
On the other hand, the restaurant serves lousy, bland "creole" food at an inflated price. Whatever you do, do not eat dinner here!  For the same money, you could have a fabulous dinner a few blocks away at K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen.  My wife is still asking me, "Why did you decide that we should have dinner there?"  And I'm still trying to figure out the reason myself.  It was an embarassingly bad call on my part.My hubby and I went here on Christmas Day to enjoy their special menu. First of all, I appreciate the fact that they were open on Christmas Day, and we were able to easily book them for lunch through Open Table. 
Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by this big, beautiful old bar that spanned the length of the whole first room. Just past the bar were the hosts who quickly got our name, told us we would be upstairs, and phoned upstairs to tell them we were coming. By the time we climbed the very steep stairs that felt more like a ladder (which was kind of cool), there was already someone waiting at the top of the stairs to meet and seat us. Our table was a small two seat table in a fair sized dining room, but we saw that there were several other rooms with seating both upstairs and downstairs as well.
Because it was Christmas, they were running a very limited menu. The only real selections we got to make was for the entree. They were kind enough to let me substitute the soup they were offering for their Tomato Cream soup. The lunch started out a bit rocky when they forgot the dressing on our salads but picked up quickly when I had the best tomato soup I've had in my entire life. It was so creamy but didn't lose the flavor that makes tomato soup so good. I highly recommend it. My duck came out shortly after I finished my soup, and it was also very tasty. I cannot comment on the dessert because I was too full to eat it. My husband seemed to really enjoy their bread pudding though. 
As a fun side note, when we were leaving, I realized there were stairs that led up to another , third level. I asked a server about them, and he said they led to a "very haunted" attic. When I pried further, he said he "had seen things." I will fully admit that I was a bit tipsy with Christmas libations during this conversation, but I believed him. Although we didn't see anything during our lunch, you never know what kind of spooky things may go on during your meal.Eric took great care of us in bar. Spinach salad c fried oysters was perfect. The blackened redfish was as good as I remember from K-Paul's 20 yrs ago. Potatoes cold because it was late and chef had gone home. Come earlier than closing.Went to this restaurant on recommendation of one of the carriage drivers touted as a true creole, Cajun Louisiana meals ...but I guess I failed to ask her how long it has been since she ate there. This was the worse meal I have had here in New Orleans...the Oyster on Brochette well it was not recognizable as was advertised on menu...the oysters were deep fried in a battar with Barbecue sauce poured over them ...all the bread served with the meal was stale and "overtoasted"...I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and well it was defiantly soupy but had a weird bloaty shrimp that didn't taste like shrimp and two thin slices of sausage as for the  Barbecue shrimp I got the appetizer portion (4 large) but they were over cooked and tasteless despite the sauce it was suppose to be in
Needless to say I would not recommend this Restaurant ....Holy expensive! I have no problem paying $139 ( which is what my tab was) for a 5 course meal for the wife and I. That is, if the meal is worth it! We got the five course meal which is an additional $25 on top of whatever entree you choose. Pretty decent deal but the shrimp remoulade was okay followed by the brisket which they consider the house specialty. The brisket was boiled and had no flavor whatsoever. That was paired with a horseradish tomato sauce which tasted more to me like cocktail sauce for shrimp and looked like crap. The brisket was dry which I don't understand considering it was cooked in liquid (boiled). Absolutely  terrible! Moving on to the main course: I ordered the 8 oz filet mignon with the garlic confit and mashed potatoes and veggies. The squash and zucchini were mushy and bland. The mashed potatoes were ok though. For dessert, I had the banana bread pudding. It had a whiskey cream sauce and it was awesome! The bread and water was replenished by a different man than our waiter. although that guy took a short break and our waiter had to do bread and water and was NOT pleased as he acted like it was below him. What a douche! for dessert, I had the banana bread pudding. I almost forgot to mention how amazing the bread was! My wife and I had two loaves, but we are REALLY big on bread. Overall, I would not go back to this establishment or recommend it to anyone. There are better dining experiences to be had.Hugely disappointed with the food (although the bar was great - get the grasshopper which was invented here!).  They serve a set menu (several courses that are fixed but you have your choice of 4 entrees for the main course).  The night we were there I chose the lamb shank and my son chose the fish dish.  First course was shrimp remoulade which was absolutely DROWNED in an overpowering horseradish dressing.  I could only eat a few bites even after scraping most of it off.   A subsequent course (brisket) was overcooked and tough (kind of potroast like, but still tough).  Lamb shank was incredibly bland, my son's fish with cream sauce was slightly better.  The banana caramel bread pudding was the best part of the meal.  Were it not for that I would have literally left hungry.  Not sure what happened to this place as the locals used to rave about it, but they definitely need to get their act together before they destroy this new orleans institution.  My advice - stick to the bar and eat elsewhere.The grasshopper was invented at Tujagues so we had to stop by and grab an original. The bartender was nice, but he did mess up the drink he was making for the lady next to us. We reminded him that a Gin Fizz has gin in it and then he made our grasshoppers. It was the day after French Quarter Fest, so the incredibly strong vomit odor made sense...but still, have they heard of 409 with bleach? The grasshopper was tasty and then we left. Didn't try any food so can't help you there.The place definitely needs an update, however the food, drinks, and staff were amazing!
We had the shrimp remoulade which was great however, the salad was brown and wilted. The brisket was amazing, the pork chop was cooked to perfection, juicy, and tender. We also had the bread pudding that was drizzled with caramel sauce which was good.
Only giving it a 3 because of the run down look inside. It may be historic but some updates could help.Worth a stop in to check out this historic spot. Seemed very popular for dinner, so perhaps on the next visitEntered through the bar, went to check in and no one there nor any indication of reception. Got seated when waiter noticed us there. Ordered two bloody Mary s. No bread brought to table and nothing appealing for vegetarians. The bloody Mary's were terrible, my fried oyster po'boy worst I have ever had. Breading not very good but the oysters had grit and shell pieces. Totally inedible. Waiter came by after I had pushed the plate with most of the sandwich to the table edge. he asked if we wanted to wrap the remaining up. Told him our thoughts on the food and drinks. He apoligized, but made no mention of adjustment. 160 year old restaurant gets 2 stars for getting that oldThe advantage of a food tour is that you get a small taste of what's to come, if you return for a meal.  And that's why I cancelled reservations at a more upscale and highly rated fish restaurant on Bienville.  I suspected my husband would favor Tujague's.
Some things to note:
-- Tujague's is New Orleans' second oldest restaurant, established in 1856. Notable guests have included Presidents Roosevelt and Truman, Cole Porter, J.D. Rockefeller, the list goes on.
-- Check out the décor, the photos, the bar, the grand mirror (which was shipped from Europe in the mid-1800s; at that point it was already 90 years old. To date, this 250+ year old mirror hasn't been re-silvered!)
-- Tujague's has been serving the same style boiled beef brisket with tomato horseradish sauce, for at least 100 years.  A Yelp reviewer commented (with disdain) that it's served in uneven chunks. To maintain authenticity, that's how it's always come.
-- Tujague's won awards for their Grasshopper cocktail -- which prompted us to give it a try. Frothy, minty, fattening ... not my kind of drink.  But if that sounds pleasing, by all means go for it.  
-- The restaurant offers a five course menu, for an additional $23 tacked onto the price of your entrée. We thought it was a good deal.
-- Several on the staff are career waiters, a bit more formal than what some customers expect.  (Our waiter has been with Tujague's for 22 years; another, over 30 years.)  We thought the service was excellent -- and the restaurant was quite busy.
And now for the food:  T. and I ordered winning entrees.  Based on Yelp reviews, he chose the BBQ shrimp, a bit cumbersome to eat still in the shell, but very good in a piquant Worcestershire and garlic sauce.  I had a special:  scallops with what looked like clementines and micro-greens, that were melt-in-your mouth delicious.
With the five course dinner, we both had the signature beef -- yum! -- a bowl of seafood and Andouille gumbo -- spicy and double yum --  & shrimp remoulade.  The  remoulade wasn't the best I've had, but certainly good, made from a recipe dating back to the restaurant's beginnings.
I'm far from a wine connoisseur, but the list was reasonably extensive, with choices at various price-points..  We enjoyed a bottle of Shiraz which came in at less than $30.
Oh -- and dessert!  By this time I was stuffed to the gills, but I managed to eat part of my caramel bread pudding which was soooooo good.
Reviews of Tujague's are confusing, since they run the gamut.  Some think this restaurant is past its prime, others -- like me -- think it's worth a visit.  I for one, give Tujague's a thumbs up.The waiter was the best part. Food ok, nothing great.  People running the place were extremely rude.  If they don't want to serve after 9, they should close earlier.Very cool, old school bar with a fair pour and good bartenders. I cannot speak for the restaurant as we made it no further than the bar.