Recently visited for a family birthday dinner. I chose the restaurant from my past experience. I have to say I was disappointed with my entree  on this visit.
I had the grilled Mahi Mahi, usually my fave fish. The Mahi had no flavor, was very bland, and a sort of "fishy taste." The side of Capellini pasta was equally disappointing. The Marinara sauce tasted like pure tomato sauce out of the can. 
The other entrees at the table were Veal Montalbano and chicken Pontchartrain. The guests liked their entrees, so maybe I chose the wrong dish, but I don't think I will be back for awhile.This restaurant surely deserves Five Stars between the excellent service, phenomenal drinks-one of the best old fashions in the city-and perfect atmosphere!Had a wonderful time and great food was enjoyed by all in our Model A Group.  Excellent service, The Waiters and Waitresses were wonderful and very nice.  Will be back soon. Our compliments to the Chef. 6/11/2016.   Thanks so much for having us.
 Dianne HunterTerrific find, off the beaten path in NOLA. Great seafood and Italian specialties.  The mussels appetizer was fabulous!We had the daily special . Great quality food and service . And kids are welcome which is a plus Will be backI usually don't eat fried food but my friend said try something you don't get in Chicago, so I tried the soft shell crab. It was so tender and juicy! After dinner I had the home made peanut butter pie, hands down the best pie I've ever had! I promised the wait staff a great review, here it is, but don't take my word for it, try it yourself!Was in the area and never been so stoped in. Glad i got this one off my list. Had nothing i would go back for.A delightful italian restaurant. Very casual, but delicious food that goes from typical Italian-american offerings (like Chicken Parm) to more inventive and delicious riffs with a New Orleans influence (try the Veal Montalbano... you won't be disappointed).
Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a good Italian option in NOLA.Came here for the first time in a long time and found the food to be really great. We had onion rings for an app with a good horseradish sauce and for an entre I had the Italian Sausage pasta which was excellent.
The interior is clean, low-key and simple. There is also a patio wrapped around the front of the building. I was surprised that there wasn't a wait as most of the dining options in the area were packed.My go to Italian spot! Love that their sauce is different from other Italian restaurants. Service is always great. This restaurant is great for a romantic dinner date or family gathering. My favorite dish is the shrimp pasta Mediterranean! It is light and delicious. Their fried food is fried perfectly! Would recommend this place to everyone and anyone.Always a great place to go for a nice quiet Italian or seafood dinner. My family always enjoys eating here.  The seafood is always fresh. Whenever they have soft shell crabs on the menu. You have to order them. They are some of the best in the city. The service is always very pleasant and i haven't had any issue with that.I am right in the middle of the road here. The parking lot is ample. They are closed on Sundays and Mondays. I would think they would do a lot of business on Sundays, but I am not a business owner. There is outdoor seating on the front porch. Walking in, the hostess stand is immediately to your right, the bar is to the left, and the dining room is on your right. They do evidently have poker machines in an enclosed room. Everything is neat and clean, if a bit dark. The restrooms are neat, clean and well stocked.
Last night, I had their special, which was the seafood lasagne. Layers of cheese, noodles, shrimp, crawfish, clams and yummy-ness that when I couldn't finish, it reheated nicely for lunch today. The rest of the food is just ok. You can expect the same at any other chain restaurant, which they are not a chain, but it is just the same. They have no sweet tea, but depending on the waitress, they will add simple syrup, though not all of the wait staff will. Pieces of room temperature bread will be served with your meal, with butter that you can add, but it's not warm enough to melt the butter and does not seem to be homemade.
I will continue to be an occasional patron, but it isn't going to be a regular visit for me.Great salads manicotti off the chain,great salads and beverages.Great quiet place for a romantic dinner.Excellent Food; service was spot on. Had a great time!
Had manicotti and lasagna, fried zuchinni was great!Two Tony's is one of my favorite family restaurants. Their prices are very reasonable and the portion size is always filling not to mention the food is delicious.
I enjoy their relaxed environment and great cocktails. Their take out is even good and quick for a busy night.It only took me 8 years to finally try II Tony's. Why did I wait so long, I'll never know, but boy am I glad I tried the new location. Tony has done a wonderful job with the decor, the service is excellent and the food exceeded my expectations. I start with their Calamari. They know how to not over fry it and the batter is light. Their Calamari ranks in our top 5 in the country. We try it every where we eat if it is on the menu. For that reason alone, I would go back to II Tony's. The bartenders know how to pour. Your attire can range from beach casual to upscale business casual. I love this place and I bet you will too.First impression is that it has a good atmosphere, friendly and quick service.  We had the fried eggplant, ceaser salad and specialty salad, all of which were good. As an entree we got the chicken parm which as a previous review stated not really up to par. The chicken itself was bland and the sauce is good, just different (just a little sweet).  We also got the spicy shrimp fettuccine, it was good but just has spice and can't really taste too much flavor over the spice.   So overall it's ok not really the experience I was expecting for the price.Two Tony's is a great family restaurant right on Lake Pontchartrain.  I ordered the Chicken Montalbano (named after the restaurant's owner) and I was definitely impressed.  The dish was paneed chicken covered in a meuniere sauce with mozzarella cheese.  It came with the choice of salad or soup and a side, and I opted for the shrimp bisque and sauteed vegetables.  The bisque was AMAZING, with juicy shrimp and a rich, delicious flavor, and the vegetables were cooked well--not overcooked but just right.  My boyfriend also got a spicy shrimp alfredo, and he was not disappointed.
In general, the owner of Two Tony's makes every effort to serve local seafood (there was a "staylocal.org" banner hanging outside the restaurant).  This is a great place to go if you want to go to a genuine local spot right by the beautiful lake.
Also, I saw two servers push multiple tables together for a group of about 10 people, so they definitely accommodate larger groups.We went to II Tony's because the restaurant we were going to was closed. It was 5:55 on a Wednesday and the place was empty. The prices were surprisingly inexpensive. The service was quite slow, but we weren't in a rush. We started with calamari, which was served hot, but needed some sort of spice. As for the main courses we had lasagna, eggplant parmigiana, and spaghetti and a meatball. The food was good, but I had to add a lot of crushed red pepper and salt to give it flavor. We will not make a big effort to return here, as there are so many great places to try.decent food -- think italian food with a new orleans twist.
has a nice "everyone-knows-your-name" feeling.
the wait was a bit long.3.5*. The meatballs were amazing, best that I've had in forever. 
I didn't like the shrimp Mediterranean pasta very much although my husband did. It was in a white wine sauce with Olives, tomatoes, and capers. I didn't get a single caper and my husband got three. (We split the dish.) I just found it not that flavorful but he liked it. 
The red sauce on the pasta with the meatballs was just average. I prefer a thick, dark red sauce. It could just be my taste buds are off or it could be that there wasn't enough sauce for me.
Service was very attentive.
The restaurant was not loud! We could hear each other even across a round table.This restaurant was simply average and in New Orleans that isn't really a compliment.  (There are several better Italian restaurants here!)  The atmosphere was pleasant enough & the service was good. 
The house salad was good.  Enjoyed the vingarette. The red sauce was just ok. I treated a meatball which had s strange texture & was falling apart. Tasted the veal parm which was more bread than veal. I had the lasagna which is made with beef & sausage.  I had 3 small pieces of bone that I almost cracked a tooth on!
Probably won't go back or recommend.2 tonys not worth 2 cents. 
No taste to any of the food. 
The waitress had ZERO knowledge.  I don't know was her only definite answer.  She didn't even open the dnag bottle of wine!  
There wasn't even ambiance to compensate for any of the above.  
Waste of my dad's 69th birthdayExcellent fried redfish, tasty and different sweet potato soup, good martini too. 
Visited on a Friday night in search of fish dinner and found good options at II Tony's. While I normally would prefer my redfish broiled or grilled, the fried version I chose was done to perfection. Thick cuts of fish were crisp yet sweet and tender throughout. 
Soup du jour was a sweet potato that reminded me of similar dishes in Africa, with chunks of vegetables in a bisque-like broth. 
Pretty good martini. Service was a tad inattentive. The dining room was busy but not overflowing yet I had to finally fetch my own drink from the bar. 
Small matter, II Tony's is clearly a neighborhood favorite and deservedly so.I came back to NOLA to visit friends and on my last night in town we grabbed something quick to eat here. I got the chicken parm. It was better than any I've had in awhile. Just the right portions. The dishes are very well priced. I think it was $10 for the chicken parm. Ugh. I can't get chicken parm that good in L.A for that price! No way. The servers were very polite and attentive. She had a cool southern accent. Yup at that moment I had no doubt I was back home in the South. :)This would be a very cute little date spot. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is very quaint. Service is great. Also a good spot for kids and families. Their red sauce is different as others said a little sweet, not my favorite. I found their Alfredo a little bland but the chocolate creme brulee was to die for. The French onion soup and ceaser salad were decent but nothing amazing. I'd go to Adolfo's or Giorlando's over this place simply because the food is better. I'd probably come here again and try a special with a different sauce though for the atmosphere and service. .One of the best kept secrets in town. Good food, great prices, and welcoming staff. We eat there about once a week. I recommend the Chicken Parmigiana.Nice little place. We went there a while back and I'm just now getting around to writing a review so I'm sorry if I miss anything.
First...It' s ok looking inside. A little old fashioned with not too great a layout. For their own ease, they say EVERYONE really close together in one corner. I know it makes it easier to wait on people, but it was way too close for comfort. The ladies behind me could elbow me in the back without trying. and there was no real way to have a private conversation so it you are wooing or have important stuff to talk about, skip this place.
 The waiter was really great and did everything in his power to make the meal a good one. Actually, everyone we met there was quite nice and welcoming. Like they SHOULD be in restaurants but often are not.
Not being a fan of Italian food, I went for the catfish po boy on the recommendation of our waiter and I thank him for it.
Great catfish, perfectly cooked and spiced. Loved it. 4 out of 5.
My girlfriend got the shrimp po boy and she would give it a 4 out of 5.
The fries were just ok.
The total for our meal was surprisingly affordable. I'd go back.I haven't had anything but the poboys and calamari, but everything I've has was great! The seafood poboys have tons of seafood  (I got the combination), and both the veal cutlet poboy and meatball poboy are winners as well! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!This was an impromptu visit as the place we were going to was closed. But, it looked very inviting so we went for the first time. The staff was very quick to seat us and our waitress gave impeccable service. The shrimp remoulade salad was one of the best I've ever had. The remoulade sauce was absolutely PERFECT although the shrimp a bit undercooked. Ordered the triple Po-Boy with fried catfish, shrimp and oysters with a side of fries! It was amazing and perfectly cooked! Will absolutely go back for the Italian selections!We hosted my parents 50Th anniversary party here and it was fabulous. We had 30 people including several children and used the back private room. They were so very accommodating, let us come in early to decorate, we played our own music, they were very quick to take our orders & bring the food, and no one had to wait for their food- we all got it at the same time. 
The servers were wonderful, and when we were about to cut the cake, one of the servers had my parents pose with the knife like they did for their wedding photo. 
The food was delicious- we got the lasagna & chicken parm, and they were so accomodatingReservations are recommended and there is a large back room for groups. Food is adequate, though not spectacular. Don't miss the eggplant and shrimp bisque if available. Moderate price. Skip the Lobster and crab au gratin. Service was efficient for a large group.Every time I eat here, which is at least once a week, I feel like I'm back in Italy.  Two Tony's has most definitely captured the Italian flavor. From the Appetizers to the Entrees, which I've tried many different ones on the menu, are the best which this city has to offer. It is a must to try each and every one of the Appetizers upon each visit or share a few when dining with more than one. My favorite is the Italian Fried Artichoke Heart with the Creole Horseradish Sauce. The large House Specialty Italian Salad is another one of my favorites. The Baked French Onion Soup is to die for. The Five Cheeses Lasagna is perfectly designed to make your heart sing. Another favorite of mine is the Shrimp Pasta Mediterranean. All of the Specialty Dishes are so flavorful. They have a new Fish of the Day offered every day. Which in my book are fabulous works of Culinary Art.  I know most of the Italian family's are use to their mama's cooking however, Tony's  excites everyone's taste buds including the mamas. The only thing I have to say negative about the place is that it's closed on Sundays and Mondays, but I guess everyone needs a brake from making masterpieces from Michael Angelo to Tony. Oh yeah, The prices can't be beat!Awesome! Very quaint and nice. Service was excellent! Quinn was our server. Wasn't a fan of the blue cheese dressing but the redfish topped with crab meat definitely made up for  that! I will definitely be back.I recently moved to this neighborhood, so I was excited to finally try this place.  Unfortunately, I don't think it was worth the wait.  
For starters, the restaurant did not seem able to handle the maybe 90% capacity they had seated.  Even though there were open tables (that were never filled), we had a 30 minutes wait.  I went to the bar and got a glass of wine and sodas for the kids ($11) while we waited and looked at the menu.  Usually prices in the mid teens and twenties don't stress me out too bad, but this place is claustrophobically small, maybe 30 years old (complete with the original decor), and looking at the menu was not impressive at all.  Pasta dishes ranged from $8.95 for (2) meatballs to $12.95 for lasagna. Not such a big deal, but the specialty dishes - that actually came with a salad and side - were between $17 and $25.  I quickly realized that it would be hard to escape without accruing a $50 bill.  Again, not a big deal if the experience is worthwhile, but this clearly wasn't.
Once we were finally were seated, the service was very quick. Of course, given that we were right in front of the swinging kitchen door (from which I continually whiffed cigarette smoke), I would hope so.  The dinner salad I ordered came immediately, but it was swimming in dressing.  On the side, crackers.  The eggplant parmesan was crispy and not too greasy, although the portion was super small and the marinara was too sweet and unnaturally red.  Once I added crushed red pepper and salt and pepper, it was palatable.  The italian sausage was covered in the same sweet sauce, and the sausage was all about fennel- not my fave at all.  The meatballs were also a one note wonder--oregano city--and smothered in the same sauce.  The pasta portions with the sausage and meatball plates was significantly more substantial than that for the eggplant parm- another disappointment, given that the latter dish was the most expensive of the three.
I doubt I'll be going back.  There are just too many great places in this city... If I do, though, I will order off the specialty menu and bring from fresh bread from the Robert Market nearby.Great food, great atmosphere, extremely friendly service. I had the Veal Pontchartrain and would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys lightly breaded veal with crawfish sauce on top. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 
Will be back soon!!My go to for Italian! Great prices! Local owners and no one can beat their chicken Parmesan!My first visit. Red Fish almandine was not good. More almonds than fish and the sauce was overwhelming. Certainly not worth the $$. 
Service was good!My family and I came here for dinner, and we had a lovely experience. There was a 30-45 minute wait when we arrived, and we decided to not let the wait stop us from eating here. I'm happy that we made that choice because our food and service was amazing. We ordered two appetizers: seafood au gratin and fried calamari. For my entree, I had the spicy shrimp fettuccine and added crawfish. It was absolutely delicious. You must try this restaurant! If there's a wait, please consider waiting because the food will not disappoint.Old school neighborhood casual family-friendly Creole Italian joint.  The decor is dated and casual.  The prices are great tho and the food is above average.  We had a 3 person dinner with soft drinks, a shared appetizer, and 3 entrees for under $70.  I had the grilled redfish which was seasoned perfectly and grilled on point, it was the highlight of my meal.  I upgraded for the topping of the lump crabmeat in lemon beurre blanc and it was very good quality lump crabmeat which was also a plus.  It was delicious.  I loved that they brought my bottled water WITH a chilled glass, which that detail seems to be forgotten at most restaurants.  The two issues I had with our meal was that the artichokes used for the fried artichoke hearts were the jarred marinated kind, so the vinegar taste was much too much and it was mostly leaf instead of actual hearts.  I was also disappointed with the steamed vegetables side - I was told it would be a mixture of broccoli, squash, and carrots.  It wound up being clearly the frozen bag variety that is 99% carrots with a few stray strands of broccoli debris and a slice or two of zucchini.   Anyways, the service was excellent and the food was delivered quickly.  We were well taken care of by the entire staff, and the price was right.  Our dinner even came with a complimentary basket of warm/toasted loaf of Italian sesame bread.  There is a lack of mid-range italian joints anymore, everything has gotten upscale with higher price points. So Two Tony's is a nice option for when you want to have a reasonably priced dinner out with friends or family and that is not Olive Garden.  I also appreciated that we were able to do a reservation and we were seated right away when we arrived.This as my first visit here. I grew up in Bucktown and a lot of locals speak of II Tony's. So, I just finally decided to try it. The first thoughts coming was that this place had a nice family vibe to it. There is this cute little boy running around to bring things to the table and talk to the regular customers. It was very nice. 
I got the seafood platter, eggplant and shrimp bisque, and the Shrimp Fetticini. The shrimp bisque was very tasty. The fried seafood platter was average. I really  liked the fried catfish. It tasted very juicy and fresh. I did not really care for the shrimp in the pasta though. The shrimp was a nice size, but did not have that Louisiana local  gulf shrimp flavor I expected. Overall, this place is worth a try.Have never had a bad meal here. Service is super friendly and the seafood is always fresh. Yummmm! My favorite thing here is the tuna, whether it;s the tuna steak or the tuna on top of a salad, they cook it perfectly and it's perfectly seasoned.  I had the fried green tomato appetizer special the last time I was there any wowie!!! It was soooooo yummy, topped with shrimp and a remoulade like sauce, get this if it's on the special menu.If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  Some of the best Italian food the city has to offer.  I have a fish allergy and the fantastic chef always offers to use fresh grease for anything I order that is fried so there is no chance of cross contamination.  I typically order the same things and they are always spot on.  The fried zucchini appetizer is delicious and the fried onion rings are the best I have ever had.  The eggplant parmesan is incredible!  Do yourself a favor and please check this place out as soon as you can!I received a gift card from Two Tony's Restaurant for Christmas! I haven't eaten here in many years. I ordered the combination seafood platter. It was delicious! I can't say enough about this place. Everything fried to perfection, the small crab cakes were full of crab and not one shell, the oysters, shrimp, and fish not greasy at all. Shrimp and Milton soup, and side of pasta aioli! The service was spot on! I can't wait to bring my family and friends from out of town here!Two Tony's is just okay. I had eaten there some years ago and never went back. Now I remember why. Italian salad was very good--good olive salad, strips of mozzarella and genoa salami. Dressing was decent. If you want garlic bread, you pay for it. It was on the dry side, but the good thing is that it is made with roasted garlic that is spread around with the butter before the bread is baked. Would be better to have Italian bread from Angelo's instead of seeded French bread. I ordered veal parmesan, and let me say, it was not veal parmesan. Instead, it was panned veal with gravy poured on the top--not baked like traditional veal parmesan. (People would argue that it should be listed on the menu as panned veal). The side of pasta was skimpy. Red gravy was decent but rather flavorless. Husband loves lasagna, and the version here didn't disappoint. The meat sauce tasted like it had a little Italian sausage in it and was much more flavorful than what I had. The cheese served with the meal was the stuff in a shaker on the table. Should be grated at the table with a better product. I will say, one and done. Not likely to return. There are too many really good Italian places to eat in the city.Really bad!!!! Friend ended up throwing up in parking lot. Raw meatballs, under cooked fried eggplant and stuffed mushrooms were disappointing never again ugh!Went to this place Friday night on a "date" and the drinks were great. I had the stuffed mushrooms  and it was just okay; however, my friend loved the dish. The service was great, we ate outside and the weather was beautiful. Our waitress Regina was soooo freakin awesome. As for the date, he had his motives smhMy recent visit requires another update to my review of this incredible Crescent City restaurant. We started out with drinks and an appetizer of their scrumptious Meat Pies. 
My fiancée selected the Red Fish with Jumbo Lump Crab Meat that was just so enjoyable. And my selection was the Spicy Shrimp Fettuccini. Flavor, taste, and portions are second to none here or in heaven. 
The food served by Chef Tony is so delectable that I felt I needed to locate and ask the new Pope to forgive my sins. The dinners served here are so good they have to be sinful.A Bit Below Average
Went here with my son-in-law and daughter for dinner. My report is only on what I ordered which was the catfish platter that included a choice of two sides. I'm a regular cook and foodie; I know what good food is. The catfish was fresh and fried very nicely and it was good. However the side items were below average: corn and crab soup and potato salad. The potato salad was flavorless and hard to wake up any flavor even with hot sauce doused on top. Their corn and crab soup was really an insult to the reputation of that type soup, being it was canned cream corn with a few particles of crab meat in it. I wasn't impressed much with the place though service was excellent.Being born and raised in an Italian family and growing up in New Jersey it's kinda hard to find Italian food out especially in Louisiana. This restaurant wasn't bad at all. My husband ordered the chicken Parmesan and it was good. I got a salad because I didn't want to eat heavy. The salad was also pretty good. The main reason I picked this spot for dinner that night was because it had crock French onion soup. Which is not easy to find at restaurants here. All the reviews and pictures of the soup we good. Unfortunately, I was disappointed when mine came out and I tasted it. Not the best but also not the worst I have had. It's a cute little restaurant and the wait staff was very nice.Poor service to me is bad service. The waitress seemed very dos interested after taking her sweet time coming to the table. I ordered soup of the day (must have been fore some other day) because it never came. The eggplant parmigiana did make it to the table but was slightly burnt and under seasoned. The sauce to me was just ok ( and yes I have been to Italy where the know how to make it really good).
The check came and I was charged for the soup the waitress offered to take it off but I told her to keep it as her tip. Your call guys as to what kind of place this is up to you. I wouldn't go back. But then I'm not from here and this just my opinion.Great family restaurant off the beaten path.. food was incredible and the service was down to earth. It's a must try while your in New Orleans.Really good italian food in Lakeview area. We had crabmeat au gratin and calamari for appetizers and for entree we had paneed veal and spicy shrimp fettuccine and everything was tasty. Wished my cocktail was a little stronger because it tasted just water. Will definitely come back and try other stuff in their menu.Excellent food, very authentic. Service is also very good. Has a really nice local family owned restaurant ambiance.This is a good old school Italian place where I go for lunch at least once a month since I live close by.  It's convenient from anywhere in town as it's not far from the I-10 West End exit.  I love the shrimp and grits.  The Italian food is pretty good but the meatballs were not fantastic the last time I tried those.  The red gravy is good sometimes, sometimes it's too sweet and sometimes it's too acidic.  They usually have a few seafood specials every day. The new location is certainly much better than the old one.We eat here regularly the food is consistently fresh and delicious As for Ann Maries review We were there that evening It was a screw top bottle that the waitress forgot to unscrew If you are looking for 5 star service this might not be your place If you want good food reasonable price with friendly servers and a relaxed atmosphere This is your RestaurantWhere should I start?! I walk in and I'm instantly taken back to my grandmothers house. The food and the service are consistently impeccable! The drinks seem to osmos from the tap to your glass because you don't realize with the great teamwork of the staff that your glass was ever drank from. The other evening my friend was craving Italian and Two Tonys was the first place that popped into my mind... Unfortunately, when we walked in we realized the time was 9:01 and the restaurant closed at 9pm that night. While deciding where else to go, we were kindly greeted by staff. My friend and I have both worked in the restaurant business and would never dare to ask a kitchen to stay open late, especially when they said it had been a slow night... Before any words could come out of our mouths, we were told by employee Bret, that he would personally make us dinner if there was any issue, and invited us in! It was just like being at any of my Italian relatives house. We suggested taking the meals to go, but all employees present insisted we stay and enjoy ourselves. Neither the food nor the service lacked. The chef himself came out to make sure we were enjoying our meals, fresh bread and all! I don't think I could ever be more pleased with this or any other restaurant. I still have a smile on my face! :)I have eaten here twice in the last three weeks. It's quite good -- definitely Italian with a bit of Creole style thrown in. It's quiet enough to have a real conversation; and the waitstaff is just attentive enough to serve without pestering you. I suggest trying the soups which are lovingly made -- our waiter gave us a taste of one of the evening special soups before we ordered. The sauces are well-seasoned and not heavy and gloppy. (Tony sells the red sauce in jars; take some home.) Pasta is cooked properly and the seafood and vegetables are fresh. The menu includes well-prepared steak for those who don't eat fish. Try the house wines, too. They are quite pleasant. The prices are certainly reasonable -- and that's a feat in New Orleans where food is typically pricey. The location near the city marina has plenty of parking. This is a wonderful casual meal out -- skip the chain restaurants and try Two Tonys.After a lot of back and forth on deciding where to go eat, my mom recommended that we check out Two Tony's. I had been in this building many years ago when it was a different restaurant. I have a fond memory of watching a 7 overtime game with my grandfather when I had been in this building before. So it was fun to reminisce that experience.
The first take away I had when we first got there was that it was good for kids. They had high chairs readily available and a separate kids menu that we could quickly decide on... which is very handy when you have two hungry two year olds. The adults at the table had eaten lunch pretty late in the day so none of us were particularly hungry. So we decided to get a few appetizers to split and each of us get our own soup. I went with the baked French Onion soup because it is one of my favorites and I don't typically see it on a lot of menus. As for the appetizers, we got the stuffed mushrooms, the onion rings and the calamari. All of them were fantastic in their own way. The mushrooms were full of delicious crab meat and the fried items were extremely fresh and not over battered. 
I look forward to a trip to Two Tony's when I am much hungrier to explore the entree side of things.Amazing food! My favorites are the Shrimp Pasta Mediterranean, Chicken Parmesan, Fettucini, and Soft Shell Crab.  Good for birthdays and parties! Good happy hour deals!Went for the first time to this italian restaurant. I had lasagna--very good. Service was also great. Only reason for one less star is that the bread was not what I would expect at an italian restaurant--very mediocre.OK, Maybe it's me.... 
Maybe I caught them on an off night... 
I read all of these glowing reviews and I must ask myself "What did they see that I didn't?" 
Anyway, here's my input: 
Very casual restaurant. Friendly, if perhaps a bit aloof, service. 
Menu features mostly classic Italian with a little local seafood thrown in for good measure. 
I started with the house Italian salad. Not bad. Dining companion started with a cup of the shrimp and corn soup - again, not bad but not exceptional either. 
For an entree I went with Mediterranean shrimp - it consisted of 6 grilled medium shrimp served over angel hair pasta with a tomato and olive sauce. The shrimp were pretty good but I found the sauce to be very watery. The dish itself was a little on the bland side. Dining Companion stuck with the classic lasagna. This was I think a better choice than the shrimp that I selected. Not bad by any means but really no better than you can get at, say, your average nation wide chain Italian style restaurant. 
There is a limited wine list and few by the glass selections. I went the "house" by the glass Chianti - not bad for about $6 a glass. 
Skipped dessert. 
Bottom line: not impressed. Maybe I ordered poorly. Just didn't quite ring my bell.We tried Two Tony's last night for the first time and it was the perfect place to have our date night. The food was excellent and the service was great. We cannot wait to return and try more of their offerings.At first, the service was slow and I was nervous about my selection. Once I ordered, I realized what and why this place has decent reviews.
I ordered the crawfish fettuccine and it was very good, but I felt it needed a creamier consistency. My girlfriend had the lasagna and I thought that it was amazing, some of the BEST sauce I've ever eaten.After visiting celebrations in the oaks at City Park we went to 11 Tony's for dinner never been there before.
We liked the ambiance and got seated by a friendly hostess who remembered my voice from making the reservation.
We shared the fried artichoke hearts and really liked them a lot. We continued with breaded veal Pontchartrain with a creole crawfish sauce on top. This was deliciously also the side dishes were great.
Service was good although our waitress did not told us anything about the specials which we heard from the other waitress on our neighboring table.
Overall a good experience.Had lunch here on a Wednesday and it was a very good experience. I sat at the granite bar and watched Sportscenter on mute. Ordered the chicken parmesan and ate the whole thing... it was good. nice angel hair pasta and the breading on on the chicken was very light. I appreciated the low prices (11 dollars) and the professional attitude of the servers and bartender. And although I didn't order it, I did see that they have Peroni on tap. I'll try it next time.Excellent food. Casual atmosphere. Good for kids. Veal Marsala was good. Artichokes and spin dip excellent.Really good food and NOLA atmosphere! The waitress was a funny. Definitely a yat accent and a little impatient at first, but warmed up after she took our order. We had Lasagna and Redfish and both were great. Started w the special Italian salad of course. Everything delicious!Chef Tony is one of the hidden jewels of New Orleans. New location is beautiful. A neighborhood restaurant that has you leaving feeling that you have just dined at a very good friend's home whose mother is a fantastic cook. Great Italian dishes and also great seafood. This place provides some delicious food in large portions for reasonable cost along with great service. Two Tony's moved to new Lakeview location the second week of May, 2011.Disclaimer: we got our meal carry out (newborn) so this a food review only. Husband got manicotti and I got the Mediterranean pasta. We both loved our food! I will say the bread pudding left a lot to be desired- both portion and flavor. But I'm keeping this at 5 because the pasta was just that good. Looking forward to a date night here.Old school restaurant with lots of options for the Italian fare. It's not an upscale type place but definitely has an older clientele. The wait staff are attentive and educated on their menu. I didn't have to wait long at all for drinks.
I had the mixed greed salad with blue cheese dressing and that was perfectly yummy. Then came the lasagna which had a ton of sauce, and the lasagna had meat within. It was just drowning in red sauce that you couldn't taste the lasagna. My bf had the grilled salmon mes rare with potato salad. The salmon tasted fresh and was cooked perfectly to med rare. The potato salad was done correctly as well. Sorry no pics to post. I would come back if I was in tennis gear, wanted Italian and was in LakeView area.Eggplant parmigiana was on point with 3 hearty pieces with a side of pasta & marinara served with warm bread.  I had a side salad  with ranch.Checked out Two Tony's for the first time on a Friday night, the night before Halloween. The restaurant had a good crowd, not full, but I'll attribute that to Halloween being moved up this year. Our server was friendly, seemed like a lady who had been working there awhile. I started with the soup of the day, a corn and red bell pepper bisque, really tasty. Also ordered was the House Italian Salad...if you like olive salad, get this! One of the best salads with a heaping helping of olive salad on top. I went with the Lasagna, really nice. It had a great red sauce, sweet, which I prefer. The Italian Sausage inside really upped the flavor. The Veal Parm was another entree enjoyed. Good portion size, not too big or small, just right. Creme Brulee was ordered for dessert, really done well. Perfect crispy fired sugar topping...you get the breaking sound when you dig into it. Overall a pleasing meal at a local spot with a good price point. If in the Lakeview/Metairie area and are looking for Italian, go here.
note: This is not a fancy Italian place, more on the casual side, like a neighborhood place. So if you want higher prices with more frills...look somewhere else.Service was excellent but the food was just fair. I had an Artichoke Salad and ordered the Meatballs with marinara sauce. The lettuce was on the soft side and very cold, not fresh. The Artichoke was plentiful but the dressing was unexpectedly bland.  I expected the entree to be really tasty but it was just okay.Greatest bread pudding ever really hot, awesome , amazing, good icing, and brilliantly preparedThis place is always excellent. Great food no matter what you order and service friendly and spot on. Some of my favorite the French Onion Soup and the Veal MontabanoI came here for the first time this week and I really enjoyed myself. I was set to get the meatballs and spaghetti there was a special called the veal scallopini. The super friendly and sweet waitress, I wish I remembered her name because she was excellent, described the dish so well that she changed my mind. The specials are about $20-something to $30 something in price range, BUT you get alot of food! You get a choice of soup OR salad, unlimited, bread, the entree and a side. I couldn't believe that pasta alfredo was a side! Normally that is an entree! So, of course I ordered that as my side... none of this green beans or potatoes nonsense hehe So, the table ordered onion rings and those onion rings were perfectly crispy and delicious. I got the soup of the day which was a shrimp bisque and it was quite tastey and hardy, perfect for the chilly, wet weather we were having that day. Then my entree came, the veal scallopini. The sauce on top was so good, I wanted to pour it in a cup and drink it. I chose to dip my bread in it instead which was close to satisfying my wanting to drink it need. The veal was kind of soggy, I hate to admit, but it was still good. I think it may have been covered under the yummy sauce for too long. The scallops were just ok as were the mushrooms. I did enjoy my side of pasta alfredo and pretty much cleaned all my plates. It was alot of food and I was the only one at the table to finish it all. 
I loved the service and the decor was fun too. The dinning rooms were split in two, with the words Big Tony written on top of the entry way to the second dinning space that seems to be used for large groups. It is a large restaurant with decent parking and very clean too. I plan to go back so I can try those meatballs next time!SUPERFANTASTIC.  delicious food, save room for dessert!  Bread Pudding with whiskey sauce or the creme brulee.  oh divine.  Will definitely go back next time I am in town.Ate here for Good Friday! They had many Lenten options and they accommodated my order well with grilled shrimp instead of fried for the friend shrimp platter! The shrimp was well cooked and it came with a slice of lemon! Their takeout was quick and convenient with workers taking measures to keep clean and social distance!A great place to eat for an expensive meal without the expensive price tag.  Mostly Italian on the menu with a little bit of New Orleans Creole speckled in.  A great place to bring the whole family, or just to sit with you loved one over a nice meal.  Right on Lake Pontchartrain, you can always rely on this place to give you just what you ask for.