Very good breakfast. Within walking distance of our hotel. Had the crepes with fruit. Would get again for sure. Not sure about the tea. Had a hint of fennel seed to it.Food was great!!!! I had the crab cake Benedict and it was delicious! Great service and smoothiesBreakfast was above average and reasonably priced, especially considering the options available near convention center. Service could be better. They are pleasant, mostly, if you can get their attention. Coffee was amazing and I was particularly thankful they offer a cup to go when you're finished!!!  Portions are plenty and ingredients are fresh and a little inventive.It was great.  I had crab Benedict. Just the kind of place i was looking for. Paud parking on the street was easy to find.Great omelets and grits. We try to stop here when in the area for breakfast. Pretty yummy and nice wait staff too. It's worth the trip to this place if you're looking for a great breakfast. Probably lunch too but all we've had here was breakfast.This place is situated inside of a building, not easily seen from the street. Food is good, not over priced. Service is friendly and efficient. Comfortable and casual. Good place. 35$ for 3 people.I'm sure the food is great - it's too bad I didn't have a chance to try it. The service was probably one of the worst that I've ever received, which is too bad because it seemed pretty nice otherwise.
I arrived with my fiancé and the place was full so we were asked to wait by the entrance. No problem. A small table opened up after about 10 min, and instead of taking us to the table, the waitress led us to the bar. I usually don't like sitting at the bar because I'm short, and this bar was exceptionally tall. When sitting, the countertop came above my chest and I wasn't able to rest my arms comfortably. Who wants to eat like that? We requested to be seated at the table that was just cleared, and she informed us that she wanted to give that table to the family behind us with a child. Okay, fine, I understand that children can't sit at the bar, so we agreed to let them have the table. We let the waitress at the bar know that we wanted to move to the next available table and she said sure, no issue. Another waitress comes by to take our order, we explain our situation, and she comments that if we want to wait for a table, we shouldn't be sitting at the bar, like it's our fault for being at the bar in the first place. She did acknowledge at least that there were plenty of open bar seats at the time, so it was ok for us to sit there "for now". After another 5 minutes, the first waitress comes over and asks us again "Are you sure you don't want to sit at the bar? If you move to the table you will have to wait longer for the food to come out." At this point, I'm frustrated but I've already invested some time. We tell her (again) that we do not want to sit at the bar, but if waiting for the food is an issue, then can we order now please? They take our order, and after another 10 minutes, we see another open up. Not unreasonably, we thought that would be our table... Until we see the same waitress gesturing to another party waiting at the entrance, letting them know that will be their table. She comes over and tells us that she had already promised that table to them, and asks us again if we're sure we don't want to sit at the bar. At this point, we were so fed up that we just walked out.
I thought that we had been plenty understanding and even let that family go ahead of us, but they were just completely taking advantage of our patience and niceness. If this is how you treat your customers, I don't care how good your food tastes. I'd give this place 0 stars if I could.Great breakfast! Service was wonderful and met one of the "chicks". She was delightful to talk to and hear about the restaurant. I had a buckwheat crepe with crab, shrimp and veggies. Topped with an egg! Definitely see the Romanian influence. My wife had French toast and loved it.Staying around the convention center has it perks, unfortunately trying to find a good bite is not one of them. Luckily, I did find this place, thanks to Yelp! Cute spot, tasty food, and yummy drinks. Sweet tea with orange and mint is very refreshing - I will be stealing that combo. Tried Papa's French Toast, which is coated with corn flakes - stealing that idea too... After the iced tea, it was a must to try their fresh squeezed OJ (divine). They also squeeze their own apple juice! Can't say nicer things about this place... You wont be disappointed...Usually packed with conference/event attendees from the nearby Convention Center. Totally worth the wait in line. They tend to have quick turnovers so the wait isn't all that long. If you go definitely try their freshly made in house juices. That's their specialty but their food is also great; I never leave a morsel on my plate (yes the manager teased me about this and gave me free coffee lol). The owners are great and that's reflected in the staff they hire.Glad we found this place. Great breakfast. Fresh squeezed OJ, fresh juiced smoothie. Fast and friendly staff.I got the shrimp and grits!! Omg so amazing!! I was so full and yet I couldn't stop eating. The service was great and the ambiance was chill. Cute place I definitely recommend for brunch :)Great breakfast spot. The goat cheese omelette and hatchery sandwich are delicious. Conveniently located across from the convention center.I have been to this restaurant at least five times and have never been disappointed. They have the best grilled cheese in the city - complete with beets and mustard (sounds strange but don't judge until you've tried it)! Their creamy grits are tremendous as well. Overall, in a city that doesn't do breakfast so well, this place will satisfy every craving!Nice hole in the wall brunch place with great specials! I'd recommend the Barbecue Shrimp and Grits or their Crabcake Melt or make your own omelette! Our server attended our huge group amazingly and gave us constant water refills. The grits are the best I've ever tried here and worth trying with your meal!! We were definitely full at the end and needed to walk the meal off. Would visit again with a small group of friends :)Cute interior/creative space. The location was a little off convention center Blvd hidden in a shopping center. I could see it almost being passed but you should definitely stop in! The food and service were excellent; we really enjoyed the menu! And the vibe was super chill.Food was great! I visited with my mother and sister and we all got omelettes, different ones. They loved the grits. I got a green juice and made some adjustments to reduce the sugar content. The server was very sweet and accommodating. All of my coworkers spoke highly of this place and they weren't wrong.Called in an order for a large group with a variety of requests; was not dissappointed. Everything was correct, the price is great, and the food is fantastic. 
Crab Benedict caught my eye initially. Served on a croissant with Cajun hollindaise sauce it was everything I hoped and dreamed. Crab cake with real crab and minimal breading like it should be, egg was perfectly poached with a great texture and runny yolk, sauce was perfect. 2 eggs on 2 halves of the croissant, picked it up like a sandwich. Chose grits for my side and was not disappointed, though I did look longingly at the fruit side which was cut up banana and strawberry(not the normal melon crap)
Everybody really enjoyed their food, even the chick who got a veggie sandwich. I definitely plan on ordering from here again.
Note to self: try the turkey figFood was good overall. Not sure why we had to wait 30 minutes till we got it. Took way to long.Excellent! The crab cakes benedict are outstanding, the best benedict I have had.  Highly recommend the food here and truly enjoy the atmosphere.Just had an excellent lunch here. I got the veggie sandwich. It comes with small green salad. Both were very good. Only complaint on sandwich pretty juicy so the bread got a little soft. But the veggies and cheese were yummy
Some other reviews talked about bad service at peak time. I try to avoid that. Went early for lunch. Service was great.A quaint & warm atmosphere, friendly servers and awesome food.  Echoing the previous reviews - do yourself a favor and try the grits. I would def recommend this cafe to anyone.We had the Crunchy French Toast and the Barn Sandwich and both were very delicious. Try a side of the andouille sausage is was amazing. Nice ambiance and you can tell the food is freshly made in house.The two chicks welcome you into their new business with smiling faces. The atmosphere is eclectic. Very unique , same as owners. Let's not forget the food, YUMMY. Coffee is great, and juice is freshly squeezed. I would highly recommend that you go there!!Redemption! Not just because it was playing in the cafe either. This was my second visit here. The first time in they forgot to put in my order. Once the server realized it she delivered my food to me quickly. The bacon wasn't crispy as I like it but the breakfast was decent. 
Today I visited for my second time. The service was prompt and the servers were polite. I ordered the crab cake eggs Benedict. Now, I really don't like hollandaise sauce. I despise mayonnaise and it's always been a little too close to that flavor to me. This sauce was delicious. It was not overpowering in any way. The poached eggs were cooked perfectly and it was served on top of a delicious crab cake and a hot croissant. I was in heaven. 
Let's get to the grits. These were amazing! They were whipped to perfection with a smooth buttery flavor. 
The food and the atmosphere will not disappoint. If you're in New Orleans make sure you stop by and enjoy yourself.Called in an order for a large group with a variety of requests; was not dissappointed. Everything was correct, the price is great, and the food is fantastic. 
Crab Benedict caught my eye initially. Served on a croissant with Cajun hollindaise sauce it was everything I hoped and dreamed. Crab cake with real crab and minimal breading like it should be, egg was perfectly poached with a great texture and runny yolk, sauce was perfect. 2 eggs on 2 halves of the croissant, picked it up like a sandwich. Chose grits for my side and was not disappointed, though I did look longingly at the fruit side which was cut up banana and strawberry(not the normal melon crap)
Everybody really enjoyed their food, even the chick who got a veggie sandwich. I definitely plan on ordering from here again.
Note to self: try the turkey fig
Edit: came back again the next day and did the Thai shrimp poboy and it was excellent. Plenty of shrimp, Great flavor on the Cole slaw and chili sauce to give it some kick. Bread was good too. 
Also did a blue chick smoothie. Nice that it had real fruit instead of a mix. More of a slushee though since there didn't seem to be any cream in it. It was okay, but overpriced.I decided to give this place another shot because I know they have good quality food. As long as you go in expecting a line, get your name on their waiting list (a hostess will come around to get your name), and maybe 15+ minutes wait depending on how far back in line you are. I would not recommend any groups larger than 4 as seating is very limited. So with that mindset, you're ready for Two Chicks Cafe.
I absolutely LOVE LOVE their bbq shrimp and grits. It's the second best shrimp and grits I've ever had (the best is a restaurant in Louisville). I come to NOLA a lot for work at the Convention Center, and would try to eat here every time I come for a visit. I also really enjoy their Green Blast juice if I can splurge on a drink like that. I've had their buckwheat savory crepe before and it wasn't bad. I've heard from multiple people that their quinoa salad is very good. I think I'll give that a try soon. 
I thought this place is very tasty and deserves an updated review.Amazingly delicious place for breakfast, beautifully decorated, every detail is gorgeous! Delicious fresh squeezed juices! We came here 4 days in a row and every single time was great!! The two chicks are awesome!!! Highly recommended.The andoullie sausage is amazing and tasty. We also enjoyed the pancakes and potatoes. Everything is decent here.Whoa...this food was so damn good that I forgot to take a picture. First of all, the ladies who work there are very pleasant and attentive. I was greeted at least three times and given my menu immediately. I wasn't sure if I was going to eat in or take my food back to the hotel and that was no problem for them. they waited patiently until I figured it out.
I finally ordered the under the sea omelette that came with creamy grits ( that were actually creamy) and toast. The toast could have been cooked a little less but I don't like really toasted toast.
The under the sea omelette had lump crab meat, shrimp, brie, dill, bell pepper, and green onions. Oh and I forgot to mention that the Marriott staff gave me a coupon so I got 10% off. That brought my total to $10.
I can't wait to come back to New Orleans in February to eat here again. The restaurant is a small cafe located on Fulton and diamond.My food was totally excellent! Had the seafood omelet which was great!my wife had the veggie Benedict which she said was great despite it not being hot enough. Overall a great experience.Nice place and the food was good. Ordered the crab cake Benedict. Service was a bit slow but not horrible. It would be worth another try.We got lucky to get two seats at the bar right away.  We got there around 10:30am. The place filled up very quickly.  Before we got our food a crowd began to form and it looked like it became about 20-30 min wait.  The food was hot and delicious.  The juice was fresh squeezed and amazing.  The service was impeccable as well but remember we were at the bar.  This was perfect for a very short walk from the hotel.Came here for Breakfast for my sister and I birthday! It was amazing!! So tasty, great service, what more could you ask for. Wait goes by fast!! I love it next time we came to New Orleans will be sure to come back!!!Ate here for brunch with friends/co-workers. Really good brunch spot with a relaxed atmosphere. Kinda hard to find since it's located on the side of a shopping plaza. 
Our server was friendly and attentive. I ordered the French toast (so delicious) which was savory and loved the caramel sauce. 
Really recommend for a good brunch spot!First time to try seafood crepe and it was delicious, loaded with shrimp  and crab meet , and dill on the top giving it a different experience, definitely recommend it for breakfast and lunch,y wife had the belt eggwich and she said it is full of flavors and delicious.Stopped by this little joint on the way into the convention center. Really fast service and the food was great!! Servers were quick to refill coffee and the grits were awesome!The dish was presented very well. The decor is super cute and the food was delicious. I will definitely be back.Tried to have breakfast at this restaurant because it was close to my fiancé's conference and it has really good reviews...emphasis on TRIED. 
When we arrived, we were next in line. When it was our turn, however, the server in charge of seating chose to place us in the awkward position of giving up a table to the family behind us and sit at the bar instead. How can we say no to that?! So we went with it. Well, the bar was a little high for my fiancé to reach the table, so we ask the bar area server to be re-seated at the next available table - no big deal as we only saw one other couple waiting after us.
Turns out, by the time a table opened up, the same server in charge of seating had again given up a table promised us to a family with a child. She claims they arrived before we placed our request, but that was totally false, as now there were at least FOUR other couples ahead of this family in line. So she had personally moved the family to the front of the line, bypassing ALL the couples. Worse yet, she got very defensive when we broached the subject, so we just walked out.
So unfortunately, we did not get to sample the food, due to very poor service from one server. This was too bad because all the other servers seemed very nice (although one threatened to unseat us from the bar if we wanted a table - because there were people who would sit at the bar, nevermind we were essentially guilted into taking the bar seats).
So if you go and one of them tries to pull this on you, stand your ground! Having a kid should not automatically jump someone else to the front of the line!After a quick Yelp search for breakfast/brunch, I found Two Chicks.  Upon entering the clean, bright, and modern ambiance, I was welcomed by the friendly, down-to-earth staff. Then comes the food: I got the Under the Sea Omelet, which included a delicious assortment of crab, shrimp, and brie, all all in good portions and cooked to perfection served with the best grits I have ever tasted. That's right: the best. I could go on, but if you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and give Two Chicks a visit.Very good breakfast!! I would definitely eat here again. I had the French toast and it was marvelous! I didn't even need syrup.My boyfriend and I needed a place to eat before work and yelp let us here! It was a great experience and the food overall was great! I ordered the veggie Benedict and it was good! The sauce was little overpowering but it was still good in general. The staff was wonderful! Definitely have to come by again to try out other items on the menu!So the service was very good. I think a 4 star rating in this town is so common that to eat at a place without a 4.5 or 5 is just a waste of time. New Orleans is definitely a foodie paradise , I'm a foodie. . ... I would not eat here again solely becasue I know ,for a fact, you can do better in this town without a doubt...Always good and fresh food! Best grits in town.  And the good service makes it better.We have come here two days in a row now. Great food both times and a great atmosphere. Definitely give it a try.The food was great and the service was wonderful.  There food was made from scratch, tasteful , and made with great care. I would highly recommend them to anyone visiting NOLA.We had less than a 5 minute wait on a Sunday morning   The atmosphere is cozy and quaint. The fresh squeezed oj is out of this works and I had the BEST eggs Benedict and mimosa I've ever had! The potatoes are light and perfectly cooked. Everything was seasoned to perfection.Great breakfast spot and we went during the week so it was not crowded at all! Let me tell you, the grits, if you like grits, to die for! I would go back just for the grits! I had eggs, pancakes and sausage which were all good, the pancakes could have been brought out sooner, but that's just me being picky, I prefer my food brought out piping hot . Did I mention the grits were great?!!Great place to start the day. Really good food and great service. Got here relatively early and were seated right away. Our service was fantastic and they were great with kids. We had a couple of omelettes and French toast and the food was fantastic. The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating. I Would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting or in New Orleans.Breakfast service was very slow
Needed to ask for coffee cream, butter, & a fork
Power drinks were great! Eggs Benedict was good -- but not a 5.0 placeSo, ate here for breakfast one morning as it was close to the convention. 
I ordered the seafood omelet with croissant and grits. 
The omelet was descent, the croissant dry and bland, but the grits amazing. I recommend you eat the grits, and go for some eggs and bacon. I think i would go back.Papa's French toast was delicious!! I don't normally like French toast but I decided to try it and I am so glad I did! It was busy and we had a large group but the staff seated us quickly and provided great service!Food was wonderful. I had the traditional Egg Benedict. It was incredibly tasty. Good atmosphere and very friendly service. Highly recommend!Simple and yummy breakfast. Really liked the variety of fresh squeezed juices and smoothies. The crab cake benedict was good and really liked the aioli; just wish the crab cakes were bigger.Absolutely loved this place! Quaint welcoming feel to it, colorful wall murals, and friendly staff were nice complements to the delicious food. I love shrimp and grits, so I ordered their BBQ shrimp and grits, which was delicious and generous enough size, since grits are heavier. There re plenty of yummy options on the menu, which made decision making difficult! Their Moscow Mule was good, as was the bloody mary. My friend had the crab cake Benedict, with which he was very happy. Would come back to this place for sure. Expect a wait, but if you are patient, you won't regret it.Was here for about 12 days for a convention and came here almost every single day, and it was my favorite part of the day. The servers are incredibly friendly and the food was amazing. The first day I had the Papa's French toast, and that's when I fell in love with the place. Never had French toast rolled in corn flakes and that really made it special. Will recommend this place to all that want a nice friendly atmosphere and delicious food.Really enjoyed our breakfast at Two Chicks. I had the Under the Sea omelette and it was delicious. If you enjoy seafood and Brie this is the choice for you! Creamy grits were amazing and the mimosa was delicious as well. Prices were very reasonable. Would definitely visit againGreat atmosphere and style. Ladies running the cafe are delightful. I live a couple blocks away, and the location is convenient for conventioneers and warehouse district residents. 
The menu offers creative and healthful options including juices and smoothies. My egg white turkey & veggie omelet was good. The café breakfast is a familiar and solid breakfast. 
I used to prefer the Community Coffee from the café across the hall from Two Chicks, but now the coffee served at Two Chicks - which also is a local brew- is my fav.I ordered the Hatchery and it was amazing! The goat cheese was so good, I loved it. The service was great and the servers very attentive and friendly. I recommend you go here if you're in the area..wouldn't drive out of my way to come but definitely recommend it!The shrimp and grits were awesome! Best I have had in a long time. My wife and son had the lump crab meat omelette that they like just as well as I like my meal. They had great service and were very friendly. If you want a great breakfast give them a tryOmg! I've been trying to get her for about a year.! Well, it was more than I expected. I heard great things about it, but didn't really think much of it. This is the best kept secret for locals. The tourists are all over this spot... the staff are friendly, and will make sure you chose a dish that you desire. Needless, to say i was torn between the shrimp and grits and the crab cake benedict. That was delicious. We will be back, and will get the shrimp and grits next time. Oh, i want to try one of their juices. They looked yummy! to the parking, but it's worth putting money in a meter, or talking a little hike to get there. You will need to go for a walk after eating. I was thoroughly impressed with Two  Chicks!Great place for lunch or brunch. Their green juices were delicious and very healthy. I had their omelet and their veggie sandwich. Both were delicious. Went there twice during my trip to New Orleans. Great break from eating unhealthy food which often happens when you are on vacation.Do not be put off by the look of the building housing this restaurant. Amazingly fresh and tasty food, complimented by great and friendly staff. Veggie Eggs Benedict is mind blowing. Definitely recommended for breakfast.There are some places that just catch your attention.  Some places that you walk out saying,  I've got to come back.  I didn't have that feeling here. 
Two chicks is a nice little cafe offering a little more than standard fare. 
$7 for a breakfast sandwich without side, not even fruit, is steep. 
I got the barnyard.  Which seemed a bit too simple for my liking but they had me at herb cream cheese so I went with it, indeed it's simple.  The turkey is super thick sliced like country ham.  Wasnt expecting that and honestly could have been better had it been normal deli sliced.  I added tomato and it was a good addition.  It's just too plain.  It needs Arugula or something to perk it up.  Thick sliced turkey with a fried egg slapped on some bread is reminiscent of "what's in my fridge that I can make this morning because I'm too lazy to go to the store". Sounds harsh I know. .. I'm sorry,  well not really.  Honest feedback.  
I would not hesitate to come here if you're in the area but don't go out of your way to try this new establishment.  
I may have to return with a greater appetite for some shrimp and grits. 
The staff are sweet and service was quick even during a relatively busy time.  
I like the layout and appreciate the bar seating for single people like myself.
I left paying $14 and some change + tip, for a breakfast sandwich and a mimosa. I feel like I can get more bang for my buck elsewhere in this city.So far this is my favorite brunch places in the area. Being an European native, food satisfies my " different taste". Service is prompt and the waitresses would go out of their way to accommodate my " picky" needs! Everyone is friendly and smiling regardless how hectic their day might get. I'm definitely coming back to get my day started GREAT on so many levels!!!This is a fantastic breakfast spot. Either some people below don't know what they're talking about, or the owners literally read those reviews and fixed everything. We went here twice on our trip to NOLA. Both times everything was spot on. The ingredients are high quality - the egg yolk was cage free, the iron maiden juice with beets tasted like candy, coffee was fresh, service was excellent and the girls are chatty and friendly. The price is just right - maybe just a tad high but you're between two hotels and the convention center - they could be greedier and still get away with it. Seriously great breakfast foods. Recommend easily.Awesome Cajun eggs benedict with yummy grits!!!! Perfect for lunch...especially when trying to escape the conference center across the way!!We got lunch there at 12 PM. The service was fast and friendly. I got the Caesar salad with shrimp. Shrimp were big and it was delicious.This was the worst grilled cheese I've EVER eaten!! Cheese wasn't melted but my bread was burnt?? Some purple beet looking stuff packed on the "grilled cheese"?? I took one small bite and it was super spicy(I like spicy foods). The server never asked why my sandwich wasn't eaten she just asked if I was finished. I thought yes and yes.This place probably is the best place for breakfast/brunch in this area! Their omelet is just on point!What a great find!  Super cute and sooo good!  Traditional eggs benny!  PERFECTLY cooked egg!  Fresh pressed juice-yum!Delicious Papa's French Toast for me and Pancakes for my son.  The French Toast was topped with bananas & strawberries. So good I could've eaten without syrup.  Bacon was cooked perfectly.  Mimosa was way too strong.  Good service.  Restaurant is decorated very comfortably with an eclectic vibe.Delicious French toast with very attentive service.  We sat at the bar area.  Would certainly go again and try something else.  Everything that we saw looked wonderful and there appeared to be happy diners all around!
Keep up the good work!Absolutely delicious! Such a cute place! Veggie benedict is sooo good! And the fresh juice is a plus!We went here twice and it was lovely both times. I ordered a savoury buckwheat crepe with my choice of ingredients and it was very well made. My husband had a 3 grilled cheese sandwich and it was also very flavourful. They have fresh squeezed juices which I loved, although the lemonade for me was too sweet, but the chia pudding that we ordered for desert was perfectThis was a great find. The flavor in their menu was awesome, best grits hands down in Nola breakfast spots.Very nice place for breakfast. Quick service, good food and reasonable pricing. Great option for warehouse district.The best grits I've ever had...EVER!
Great food, great service, and even better management. I will be visiting every time I come to NOLA. 
Tip: try their Crab Cake Benedict.We went for breakfast 3 times in N.O. (to 3 diff places) and this place was easily the best. service and food were both great!
Really enjoyed the French toast with fresh fruit...Mmmmm!!!!This place is awesome. The food tastes homecooked and seems to use good ingredients. They give you a huge coffee cup which was fun. I had French toast and beacon and loved it.