This is by far the worst sushi I have ever eaten.... Fish did not look fresh. Rolls were soggy. I ate 2 pieces and I'm terrified I may get sick.Great portion sizes for amazing prices! The place always seems to be empty but I mostly get takeout. Will return.
PS. Also love that they offer delivery! HUGE PLUSDecided to go one more time.  This was it.  I expressed my issues.  They were very upset to think they lost me.  They were already making some changes.  As usual the food was great.  We are back on track.This place is so good. I go about once a week for fresh quick good tasting sushi. Prices are good I usually stick to the small rolls just to have variety. Always my go to rolls are : spicy crunchy tuna, rock n roll, rock shrimp and avocado and the boss man. There spicy salmon roll is also amazing. Don't forget to ask for a side of spicy mayo! I would say best place on the Westbank for sushi, you'll walk in and see its pretty empty but they do a ton of take outs. Try it out.Favorite sushi place one the westbank. Not only is the sushi delicious but more important costumer service is one of the best. The Umi Naruto is my favorite roll, it's so fresh. The staff is so helpful and friendly, they make it a great experience.Average sushi, average or less service. The highlight was the salad but it had too much dressing. The bento box was big but forgettable. The tempura was soggy. I had to wait for the tempura sauce.  I ordered the steak with the bento box. She asked how I wanted it cooked I said medium. It came back medium rare and it had no taste at all. As if seasoning was non-existent here. Fortunately (or not) it was drenched in high sodium teriyaki sauce. First time ever I did not finish a bento box meal both the sushi and the beef. The sushi that came with the bento box was supposed to be a California roll. I'm really not sure what it was to be honest. The decor was okay but so out of place...more like a fancy truck stop. I rather drive across the bridge for dunner than come back here...I'd give less than one but it isn't an option. We've been here almost an hour and a half and I'm still waiting on a roll and a refill. One of the rolls we received (spicy crawfish) tasted like cigarettes. I don't even know how that's possible but trust me it happened. They said they'd take it off the bill but only after they told me nothing was wrong with it. 
Wanted to try something besides Diawa. Big mistake. Won't ever make it again.The sushi was some of the best since moving down here from the North East. Staff was attentive and friendly. Restaurant looks clean and very well decorated! Definitely give this place a try! They deliver now too! Try the po boy roll!I love this place!!! it  should be full on a Friday night! spread the word! food is great and service is excellent!!!I usually get it delivered to my house but the food is amazing and always prompt. I have been inside as well cool place great staff clean and again I really love the food.My husband I tried this place and really liked it.  The sushi was very fresh and a lot for the price. I got surf and turf hibachi and it was excellent and sooo much food - I ate till I was full and the plate still looked like a meal.  
The ambiance is really nice especially for being in a strip mall.
The staff was very attentive and friendly.Stopped here for dinner while out of town of business. Small place with cozy atmosphere.  The sushi was fresh and the prices were very good however the bar staff was grossly inexperienced. I sat at the bar and ordered a crown on the rocks and the bartender was trying to find crown on the wine list.  I had to explain to him that it was whiskey and not a wine and actually Point out the bottle to him. Had they have an average bartender I would've given them 4 Stars.I honestly don't know why it took me so long to try and review this place considering it's in my hood! I stopped by here during lunch time and ordered a lunch special. I'll definitely be back!
Sushi Bento Box Lunch: Comes with a california roll, miso soup, house salad which was mixed greens with house made ginger dressing, few slices of orange, fried dumpling, cucumber salad, and an assortment of tuna, salmon, whitefish (probably escolar), and shrimp sushi. 
California Roll- Probably the most well-known roll anywhere you go. Crab stick, avocado, cucumber, topped with roe. A great place to start if you are new to sushi and don't want anything raw. I usually don't like california rolls (hates cucumber) but theirs tasted fresh with a good ratio of rice to filling so I think I'm a fan now.
Miso Soup- Strong, smooth, and earthy with lots of kelp and tofu. It's not watered down like some places I've been to. 
House Salad- Standard mixed green salad with house made ginger dressing (the orange chunky dressing if you're familiar with Asian restaurants).
Fried Dumplings (2)- Surprised that I liked this! Don't remember what kind of meat was in the filing but it was savory, perfectly salted, and filled to the brim!
Cucumber Salad- Small slices of cucumber in a light, sweet vinaigrette. Once again color me surprised but I quite enjoyed this! I guess cucumber and I aren't mortal enemies as I once thought.I saw a picture on here that shows the cucumber salad with what looks like squid but I don't remember having squid in the salad.
Sushi Assortment: I'm always cautious of sushi from new places so I inspected this! No fish smell, nothing wriggling around, rice doesn't have an overpowering vinegar smell so it must be good LOL! The shrimp was my least favorite out of the assortment because it was a little stale tasting like it had been in the fridge for a while. The escolar was good (they don't label it as escolar but it is usually escolar when they say whitefish), the tuna and salmon were AMAZING! Both the tuna and salmon had a soft, melt in mouth texture that brought me to nirvana (I'm not being over-dramatic! ;^P ) they were smooth like butta! #SmoothLikeButta 
This was a lot of food and it only cost me like 10 bucks #GoodDeal! I had to force myself to eat the whole thing since I hate to-go boxes. The inside is well decorated and spacious. I will definitely be back to try more things.Not horrible,but definitely not great. Not worth a trip back,that's for sure. The noodle salad was extremely dry, and had the texture of when you leave pasta out uncovered and it gets hard, plus the lack of dressing made it very unappealing. The sushi was just okay. The eel roll had hardly any eel in it. The blackened tuna roll was pretty good,no complaints there. The salmon tempura app was good but a bit overcooked,still not to much to complain about there. The kelp in the miso was very chewy, and the ginger salad tasted like (rosemary ?)and didn't go with the ginger. The service was friendly and maybe if I lived down the street I'd go again,but there's so many better places on the westbank.I had dinner there last night and the food was amazing especially the thanksgiving rolls. The mixed sushi pizza just melted in my mouth . For the udon lovers, you should check out the niku udon with egg on top, it adds a satisfying taste to the dish. A quick and nice environment to grab a bite. I will surely come back for more dishes!Very nice staff. I usually go to a sushi place closer to my house but recently the quality had fallen so I am super pleased in trying UMI. The rolls taste and are made how they should be! Yummm!! New fav on the West Bank !My family has enjoyed Umi II on multiple occasions. The staff was friendly and attentive. We liked the tempura, sushi and fried rice. This restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood.I felt kind of victimized by Umi 2 for their lack of ....compassion when they decided to send me home with not one, but TWO burnt baked salmons. I'm no sushi chef, but I definitely know when to eye something out to determine that it's not adequate enough to eat. 
It makes me sad because I really really wanted to like UMI 2. 1 star was for the fact that they deliver. 1 star for the friendly and great workers, and 1 star for other food items that clearly make up for the burnt baked salmon.. I may come back to give them another try. 
Just please!!! Please be more mindful of what you decide to give to customers especially those who order takeout and don't have the time to come back and have the items corrected.I'm so glad I found this place. They do scallop nigiri the way I like it. Huge fricking scallops. That's my favorite. And pretty much everything they do here is done just a little bit differently, and it's always really delicious. Easily one of my favorite sushi places.
All the staff are super friendly too!
And they deliver!Food was good but service was exceptional!  Someone greeted us at the door and he was very nice and welcoming. Our waitress, Loan, was professional, attentive and did an amazing job throughout the dinner.  We're not from NOLA but hope this restaurant is there to stay.  Great job, Umi 2!!I ate here two days in a row during my short business trip and i was very surprised with how fresh the sashimi tasted! Delicious!We placed an order for pick up a little after noon.  At half past 1 o'clock the order still wasn't ready, and then the order was made wrong when we finally got to pick it up and then discovered that the order still wasn't right after we got home.  This was our first time trying this place, but 2 hours for sushi is really outrageous.  We called and they remade the roll that was wrong and delivered it to our house with an apology, so they tried to make up for the kerfuffle.Love them! The staff is always super nice and the sushi is delicious! My go to is the fat boy roll, gyoza and crab Rangoon!This is a new place in Algiers and I always wait a few months to try new restaurants.  I liked what we ordered Miso Soup is very good, gyozas, Rock and Roll and Fat Cow  Boy Roll.  Everything was fresh and good and the best part is that I don't have to drive miles too eat decent sushi.Excellent service and fantastic quality!  Always a please to dine with the Krewe of Umi2. The quality of the fish is always exceptional. I had the fatty tuna tonight with fresh wasabi and it was delectable. A fun, family oriented establishment with very reasonable prices... a rare/win.Close to our house and we order take out a lot for our family. They are always good and the variety for everyone we are feeding. Service is great too. No complaintsThis is my go-to place whenever I'm in Algiers and craving sushi. The rainbow roll here is my all-time fav because 1) the price is cheaper than any other sushi restaurants out there, and 2) the salmon and tuna are pretty fresh. 
Sadly, I took off a star because, I wasn't feeling their bento lunch..
But overall, I do like their sushi; so if anything, come visit them if you're craving sushi. 
The place has beautiful interior. The workers there are friendly and sometimes converse with you, which is pretty nice because I never had that experience at a restaurant.Worth the visit, esp for office luncheons.  Or for a quick bite to eat.  Fast service, as soon as the food is ready, it's served.  I grab the Groupon Everytime it's available turning a good place into a great value.   I'm only reserving the 5th star, because the calamari and gyozo's very from just okay to great, so there a little inconsistency with the fried food.I love the ambiance here and their fish are very good. All of the wait staff have been very very nice and knowledgable about the food. WE will be back!Good food and service, roll was large, calamari fried was fresh and perfect. Hibachi lunch was awesomeI want to give this place a 1 star but I'll try to be nice as I am the first person to review them that does not work there. I know because I saw them there this evening.
The space is really quite nicely done. Very stylish. The food was very much lacking. 
I really believed our waiter was new because he was slow, forgetful and looked and acted very confused. But he said he worked at their original restaurant so um...maybe he's related to them in some way. He managed to bring us the wrong app, was super slow to do anything and by the time he got his shit together, it was half an hour before we were actually able to order our mains...which we regret ordering. 
Speaking of relations, it was apparently bring your 2 year old to work with you day. The poor thing was not having a good time and screeches could be heard from him all through the meal. Last place where they had their kid there was closed not long after I was there. Maybe take the hint. 
So now, the food:
We ordered the curried shrimp, and mushroom soup apps. The curry was just...bad. The Mushroom soup was simply miso with mushrooms and while neither of them were good, they were the best parts of the meal.
I ordered the Dynamite roll and the Girly got the Lobster Tempura roll. In my entire life, I have never had lobster that was crunchy like cartilage and smelled fishier than fish. Really bad.
The Dynamite roll was disgusting. I mean, seriously disgusting. It was supposed to be spicy, crunchy salmon and tuna with more crunchy tuna on top. They mixed the spicy tuna WITH the crunchy stuff so it made this...bread paste that had a really unfortunate texture that was nauseating. It was also not spicy at all. 
Actually, nothing that was supposed to be spicy was actually spicy. I ate 4 bites and could NOT put down any more. It was really disgusting.
When the waiter asked how the food was, I told him. And showed him that I wasn't eating the sushi. He proceeded to bring the bill without offering a discount for the bad sushi.  I did something I've never done before. I specifically asked to take the sushi off the bill. Hated doing that but damn, this was the nastiest sushi ever. Thankfully, there was a Rouse's close by. We bought some Pepto and took shots right in the parking lot. 
Seriously. 
As I mentioned earlier, I was going to give them 2 stars, but since the geniuses at Yelp said they won't remove the two reviews written by employees even after I told them I saw them there, I will change it to 1 star, which, they really do deserve anyway.The food was pretty decent. We had two basic rolls and the Hawaiian and thanksgiving rolls. We loved the Hawaiian roll with the mango sauce but the thanksgiving roll was a little much. I still liked it but wasn't my favorite. Our server came to check up on us often at first to make sure we were ready to order but then stopped coming to check up on us as often despite not being very busy. Wouldn't mind coming here again though!The environment is quiet and clean, and our waitress My was very friendly. She offered us food suggestions since it was our first time, and refilled our drinks in a timely manner. Food was reasonably priced and tasted great (we ordered some sushi rolls and the chicken udon noodles), would definitely come back again!I love the avocado salad and poboy roll.  I order at least 1-2 times a week from here for dinner. They also have free delivery for orders over $20. West Bank umII Love ItWe gave this place a second try just to see if we caught them on an off day, and we ended up even worse - without any food at all.  We placed an order for pick up through their online system and they never even made the order.  Honestly, who has time for aggravation on a busy work day?  Highly do not recommend.  Our first experience, our Uber eats order was never made and the delivery had to get cancelled. So we called to see if they could still make it and we would just go pick it up.  We really wanted to try this place.  It took over an hour for the food to be ready.  And then it was made wrong, so they had to remake part of the order.  When we got home, we discovered it was still the wrong thing, so they re-delivered order.  From start to finish, we had a 2 hour ordeal for lunch.  And then this second experience where they didn't even make the order at all. Totally over it.Awesome sushi spot here! So glad its not far from parents home. We ordered a bit too much but everything was yummy. We got some cheap rolls under $6, lobster roll, fried calamari, fried tofu, steak and rice plate with veggies, and a side of hibachi fried rice. We were super full. We'll definitely be back for more next time.Last night I had dinner at Umi 2. This was our second visit and I definitely not our last. The management recently changed so if you didn't like it before, give it another chance.
I had the salmon teriyaki. The salad that comes with it was fine but the dressing wasn't my taste. The soup was good, not diluted like many places. The salmon was thin but cooked well and tasted great. The teriyaki sauce was also good and goes well with white rice.
My SO had the sashimi appetizer, he liked it very much.
We also got the Fat Cow Boy roll. It was alright. Not my favorite but not bad either.
My SO also had the yellowtail sashimi. He enjoyed it tremendously.
We received the dessert pictured for free. 
The owner who took it over, also happens to own my favorite Chinese spot (Wok to Go). So I hope they do well and will continue to support them.
Just a heads up though, the service both times I went was meh. They are understaffed so I try to be understanding. There is also only 1 sushi chef so if it gets busy, it can take a minute.Fresh sushi. Good prices. Cozy ambience. Friendly staff. One of my favorite places on the West Bank.I have been going since they opened.  Never a complaint.  Then was upset when owner sold.  But quickly impressed.  But the last three times have been awful. The wait staff has changed, it is as if they have no clue how to serve and don't care.  The ice tea was left over and started to spoil.  If a restaurant can't have good tea I won't continue to go.  It is ashamed.  They have Cobbs down.  The food is still pretty good, but the little things do countThe service was really great. Our server was really imformative, upbeat, and friendly ! The hibachi rice was seasoned well and tasted fresh . The sushi also tasted fresh as well with a variety of creative combinations . I ordered the rainbow roll which was not only tasty but presented neatly and beautifully .Ordered a few rolls and miso soup. The flavors weren't out of this world. But this is my new sushi spot for New Orleans. It has great texture and not a fishy flavor. The ambience is very nice and the service is friendly. Don't come here in a rush as I think they are working out the kinks for being new.First time eating here and the food & service was great. Great atmosphere. We'll be back when visiting New Orleans.Great little gem on the West Bank. Food was really fresh and delicious and reasonably priced and the restaurant was clean and spacious. Service was great. Not sure why this place is never ever busy but it's great!I have been a frequent takeout and dine in customer at Umi 2. I decided to try online delivery through their website. When I was checking out, the site clearly said there was free delivery and they emailed my total to me (that showed free delivery). When the delivery driver showed up, he said that I actually owed $5 more because of a delivery charge. He said it was because I lived more than 2 miles from the restaurant, but I actually live less than that. When I looked at the delivery receipt, it shows that they added $5.00 (17.51%) under "Gratis." So did they straight up add a $5 tip for the driver to my receipt or was it a surprise delivery fee?  If it was a delivery charge, they should have not represented that there was free delivery throughout the entire process and then added it without telling me. I am not a happy customer because I would have ordered somewhere else or just ordered through UberEats since it's the same charge with better options and the ability to pay with a credit card. I am very disappointed at the surprise $5 "Gratis" that I wasn't informed of until the driver was standing at my door. It just seems so shady to me. They also messed up our order and didn't include one of our side items. Would not order from them again. There are much better options, even on the Westbank!I love the avocado salad and poboy roll.  I order at least 1-2 times a week from here for dinner. They also have free delivery for orders over $20. West Bank umII Love ItI am so confused by the mixed reviews of this place, I really liked it.
When I stopped in on a Tuesday night I was the only one in here and the DNC was on- perfect. I sat at a nice little table in the back and I enjoyed the solitude as I looked over the menu. I started with my usual- noodle salad and got the tuna roll, Philly roll and a rainbow roll. The noodle salad was perfection, as were the rolls. Everything tasted really fresh and tasted the way I expected it to taste, so I was pleased.
I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. The inside feels like a restaurant you would find Uptown and it's actually pretty "fancy" for a Westbank place. The waitress was attentive, probably because I was the only customer, but she was good about getting everything to me in a timely manner.
I liked everything here and I'll be back.This place is so good. I go about once a week for fresh quick good tasting sushi. Prices are good I usually stick to the small rolls just to have variety. Always my go to rolls are : spicy crunchy tuna, rock n roll, rock shrimp and avocado and the boss man. There spicy salmon roll is also amazing. Don't forget to ask for a side of spicy mayo! I would say best place on the Westbank for sushi, you'll walk in and see its pretty empty but they do a ton of take outs. Try it out. 
9/10/18- update! Tried a special roll the black and gold! I recommend! It's shrimp tempura and then tops with smoked salmon and tuna! It's 11 bucks but it comes with a lot more and it's worth it! One of the best rolls yet!Live sea urchin.  Wonderful.  They gave me personal service and texted me to let me know they had something specialOnly 2 waiters on a Friday night. No fault to the waitress she was so busy, sat down 20 min later took the order. Food was good, but had to waive her down for a drink, and it never came. She never returned throughout the entire time only after I asked the second waiter for the bill. The Bill was pretty quick though. Sucks because Sushi was pretty good.  Prob wont come back again, we'll see.I am so glad that this place opened! I'm from Las Vegas and in comparison to the sushi places that I've explored here in New Orleans. None really matches up with back home.... Until Umi2! I ordered the Fat Cowboy and the Out of Control roll. They were both amazing!!! The FCR, awesome surf'n'turf concept. While I was enjoying my meal, I couldn't help but think.... This Place Delivers Too!!!Great Prices, good food, pretty good service, restaurant has nice decor, but the floors could use some sweeping. I ordered some sushi, the roll was pretty large, hibachi lunch was served in large portions was able to have enough for dinner.This was the perfect decision and dinner tonight! My wife and I wanted something simple and easy tonight while we stayed in our hotel for the night. We found that Umi 2 delivers and we had that craving for Sushi! We found a total Gem! Thanks for the quick service and excellent food! Hurricane Roll,  Special Pearl Roll, Crab Rangoons and Miso soup was our order and it was DELICIOUS!My review is for their takeout. I really enjoyed this place. Service was quick and customer service was great. I ordered online and they called me to confirm a question on my order. I like that you can order online because it usually helps order accuracy. They were great and a solid option for sushi on this westbank. Unfortunately it's going downhill. Has their management changed? Their service is no longer stellar and the last 3 to go orders I've placed there have been big mistakes like getting sashimi instead of rolls. I think Umi and I will have to take a break while I look for a new sushi place on the westbank. I do hope they fix these issues.I absolutely love this place. The food is amazing!! I am in love with the bento boxes. I definitely recommend this. The prices are amazing.Great food.  Wonderful owners.  Chefs always aim to please.  Westbank best kept secretI dont work here.  It is a great place.  Very nice people. They care about their clients.  They want to please.  The food was excellent.  Freshest lettuce i have ever had anywhere-I had a sashimi type salad.  The salmon roe sushi was phenomenal. Fresh fresh fresh.  Can't wait until they have sea urchin.   This is a must try.We live in the Westbank and we usually have to go to the other side of the river to find the good sushi places. Until now! The atmosphere is intimate and chic. A great date location. The sushi is tasty, fresh and the right size. Their noodle salad is aldente! (Yes, an Italian word to describe a Japanese dish, but it fits). Their miso soup is not generic, the flavor is deep and subtle. Im very impressed! A plus too is that the staff is super friendly!First I would like to say lo mei was the best I ever had if I would have just ordered that with the vegetables I would have gave them five stars!! but I didn't I ordered I had some shrimps that was a good size but below average in taste... egg drop soup was horrible and the other one they gave me smh sushi was worst than Walmart potato salad but 3 starsGreat place to eat during lunch time. I love their appetizers so quick to order my food and for it ready in just a few minutes . Will go here another time during lunch time for schoolGreat place with cheap prices. Will be returning. I love it! A true gem in the West Bank.This place is so good. I go about once a week for fresh quick good tasting sushi. Prices are good I usually stick to the small rolls just to have variety. Always my go to rolls are : spicy crunchy tuna, rock n roll, rock shrimp and avocado and the boss man. There spicy salmon roll is also amazing. Don't forget to ask for a side of spicy mayo! I would say best place on the Westbank for sushi, you'll walk in and see its pretty empty but they do a ton of take outs. Try it out. 
9/10/18- update! Tried a special roll the black and gold! I recommend! It's shrimp tempura and then tops with smoked salmon and tuna! It's 11 bucks but it comes with a lot more and it's worth it! One of the best rolls yet!
9/24/18
Back again! Got two special rolls and one was drenched in soy sauce! The lobster roll was amazing and I had the best spicy salmon roll yet! Not quite sure why this place never has anyone in there! Oh and also they upgraded to new menus!Such a great experience here for my first time! Everyone is just so kind and down to earth. Not to mention that the food was incredible as well! They gave me great suggestions on which appetizer to get and I was not disappointed. The host also suggested my lunch and that was outstanding. Exceeded my expectations and such a great environment!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED eating here!I went there with my family and had a pleasant late lunch. Their sashimi special during lunch time was pretty good, it was a thick slice of assorted sashimi. I wasn't too crazy on the other menu items, but they definitely did not disappoint. Service was really good so that much I appreciated, and the food was just below great.
Overall I had a good experience and would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.I have eaten sushi all over the US. This place is OUTSTANDING. My favorite roll is the Sexiestman roll. But they are all great. *ask for fresh wasabi, makes a big difference.I went the here for the first time.  This place is amazing!  The staff is super friendly and accommodating.  The young man took my tedious order he made sure that he had it right they even gave me a little lagniappe!  But what was even more amazing because I was taking my order to go I had to wait of course while I was waiting I was offered a drink.  I thought that it was a really nice gesture.  Once my order was ready I left.  On the way home the aroma of the food filled the car...  When I got home and looked at the plates... OH MY GOSH!!!!  THE PLATES WERE RUNNING OVER WITH FOOD!  It was sooooo much on those plates.  We had enough for three nights of dinner!  This place is definitely a GEM!  If you pass it up you are missing a treat!  Not to mention the place was extremely clean, quant and cozy!  Perfect for a date night especially if you don't want to be around a lot of people!  This has become my new favorite place!I ordered the clear soup, seaweed salad, and hibachi veg noodles. fucking delicious! and on top of that they had great service. I ordered over the phone around happy hour time (half off beer, sake, certain cocktails ) and had a drink while i waited. JoJo was a server waiting on me and was so sweet! she really made the ambience of the place. I highly recommend.My wife and I have eaten here Via delivery 4 times now. Every time it has been perfect. Fast delivery, presentation is top notch and outstanding quality. Thank you Umi 2Umi 2 is really good Westbank sushi. Some friends had them deliver rolls to us and their delivery was the best I've ever had and after several deliveries I had to go down there and check it out in person. Even better in person!!! Nice atmosphere, friendly service, excellent bar and amazing sushi chefs makes Umi 2 a must eat. Their location is suited for visiting from the NOLA east bank too. It's so good it makes me want to find Umi 1.  Eat it!Best Sushi spot on the westbank! Look no further, this is a family owned restaraunt with a family friendly atmosphere.  We been here numerous times and they can accommodate large parties/families as well!Umi is starting to become my quick and easy lunch time hangout! 
I've been to the first location in Chalmette numerous times so when I saw signage for a location on the Westbank close to my job I was pretty excited. 
The renovations to the space are really nice and the staff whom I recognize from the other location are as nice as they've always been. The food and service has improved tremendously after my first initial visit. I wanted to give them a chance to work out all the kinks before writing this review. So here goes...
I've only had the crawfish roll from here as far as sushi is concerned...so I can't really comment too much on the Specialty Rolls. As far as the hibachi is concerned it could use some finesse. They aren't cooking the items in from of you like traditional hibachi rather in the back with the rest of the items. Each time the food has been kind of on the salty side. We asked our waitress to tell the kitchen staff low sodium and they semi got it right the next time. The hibachi rice while flavorful was soaked in oil/grease...they hit a home run on the salmon, shrimp and veggies. 
On my last recent visit I ordered the steak bowl entree (Donburi). It was amazing! Flavorful, smothered steak with grilled onions and egg over white rice. And a super large portion for lunch AND CHEAP! They also offer this entree with chicken as well. It just might be my go to from now on when I visit. I've also had the seafood Yaki Soba (not pictured...Sorry) that was pretty good as well. 
I enjoy this place alot...the kitchen staff just needs some practice and to be consistent with the dishes. 
All in all...its a decent place to grab lunch. I'll be back for sure. Oh and they do delivery too!AMAZING!! The service is excellent the food is such good  quality and the taste is amazing. Everything here is good. Would highly recommend as a regular sushi place you can always try something new and never go wrong.The food here is usually spot on. Our main order for our house is combo fried rice. A few times they do not give enough shrimp or steak and it's mostly chicken. They have a rule that when they are too busy inside they can't take to go orders..yet you can come in and order and then pack up your food when it arrives. They must lose out on a lot of money this way. When we do pick up orders they are not all that friendly. Never seen any of the employees smile when I go in. Still, it's the closest for sushi rolls and real affordable prices that my sister loves.This place is very close to my university. Its not only convenient. But they have one of the best sushi here. I got their bento box and it was so huge! You definitely get your bang for your bucks. It came with so many extra stuff.I think this is a sushi restaurant often overlooked. It's not talked about a lot nor is it the first place people name when recommending sushi. But I think it is a hidden gem. The inside is large and has more seating than you would imagine from the outside looking in. My experiences here have been nothing but great. 
PROS:
-Wide selection and a vast menu 
-Fast and friendly service 
-Lots of seating and TVs
-Fresh Sushi 
-Accommodating for menu substitutions 
Cons:
-Can't really think of any! 
Overall if you're thinking about trying a new place for sushi on the West Bank, stop by here. It's a great place and a nice environment. They're constantly playing piano music making it a more relaxed environment.I ordered takeout for an early dinner on Christmas Day through Uber Eats. I didn't know what go expect and I was impressed! 
I got the Sexiest Man Roll and the yellowtail scallion roll, with the optional fresh wasabi. Fresh wasabi is a treat and always worth the upcharge, in my opinion. 
The fish was fresh and firm. The flavors in the sexiest man roll were excellent: just the right mix of spiciness and creaminess. Both rolls were tightly wrapped which I always appreciate when I'm trying to maneuver them to my mouth without our dogs catching a stray bite!Always a good experience and I have nothing to complain about. Every time I come I get the same great food quality and kind service. My favorite sushi place in the area.Only tried takeout from here. After browsing Yelp reviews, I decided on the Thanksgiving roll, Black and Gold roll, crawfish roll, rock and roll, salmon skin hand roll and hibachi fried rice. The salmon skin hand roll was my favorite and done so well - the salmon was extra crispy. The Black and Gold Roll was also good. The Thanksgiving roll was huge. I thought I'd be able to finish it because it doesn't have rice but I couldn't even finish half of it! It wasn't my favorite, but I'd gladly try their other rolls since they have quite a few. It's nice to see that they have such a variety on their menu.This is our go to sushi place. We've tried a few places in the west bank and this is by far our preference for sushi, atmosphere and service. It's kid friendly and my daughter loves their soup, she's always asking for a second bowl. Service is excellent and the restaurant is owned by a family, they are tentative and amiable. This place also offers hibachi, but we never tried it, as we are usually jonesing for sushi when we are there. All the rolls are pretty good and they have good size portion for the tempura.I really like the crunchy rolls here. I ordered the empress and it was great. Try one of the specialty drinks they are good.Foods good not the best...
Service is good 
Prices are good 
So go!
Oh wait yeah I forgot about sushi pizza! Yeah don't order that! Eww! It was weird... the drinks were good and that's always a plus!