So I got there and I saw a monte cristo sandwich on the menu and sat down and found out it was still breakfast.  I was gonna leave except the waitress said let me check with the chef.  She came back and the chef offered to make me a monte cristo with waffles instead of bread off the menu.  It was awesome!!!!!!!!!Average breakfast. Coffee and omelet were okay. Good location if you're in the quarter and want a cheap quick breakfast. Good service.Best crepes ever..!! Had the Nutella crepe and a chicken crepe that were just delicious. Also tried the chicken jambalaya which was heavenly. Highly recommend to try this place.Food was great, I was floored when I saw the bill 2 days later, 18.00 dollars for a (1) cosmopolitan??? That was in a year ago still can't get over it,Generous portions, fabulous flavors, and relaxed atmosphere. This is a must stop for breakfast in the quarter.Wonderful experience, chef and bartender came out to greet and serve. Love this place!Their breakfast was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. We ordered the quiche and the soule, they are both absolutely delicious. The atmosphere is so quaint and it's a central location. Highly recommended.Went here for Mother's day brunch. We sat down and immediately ordered mimosas. Shortly after we ordered food. I'm not sure what was going on, but it took at least 30+ mins to actually get the food. My mom's egg was overcooked so we sent it back to the kitchen. Finally after it came back out, we both started eating. Much to my dismay - I found a hair in my crab cake. Management was quick to respond and gave us one meal for free. The only reason I gave this place two stars was the service. Definitely would not eat here again.We came here for breakfast and ordered the chicken and waffles and the sausage egg and cheese sandwich. They were all great choices! Great food and atmosphere!Service was great! Love the atmosphere. I got the eggs Benedict and the eggs weren't as runny as I had asked. Great taste though!The service here was amazing, staff was very friendly. However, the food left a lot to be desired. I ordered French toast and it was extra soggy and was served with strawberries and a tomato slice that slipped in. Couldn't even finish it...The food was good. I had the delicious Monte Christi. At the advice of our server I asked for light powdered sugar and it's a good thing I did! 
My wife ordered the all American burger off their Memorial Day special menu. The server brought out the burger with the "The cook thinks he over cooked the burger, but to let them know if it was ok." The burger was blackened, but not in a good way.
When our server brought out the fresh burger it was Amazing! Juicy, tasty and filling!
Would definitely recommend!BEST RESTAURANT EVER!! Amazing service, let us in even when they were crowded with a table of 6. Food was great drinks were great. Have to applaud the AMAZING manager wendy she's the best felt right at home!!The food is outstanding!  The service a little slow, but I would wait an hour for food like this. Can't wait to come back!!Stopped in here for lunch around 2ish. Had the simple dish of bbq shrimp poorboy. I've lived in NO & I'll say the drinks are good here but don't spend the $ or calories on their poorboys - the bread is nothing like the usual French bread - more like a hot dog bun. They don't devein their shrimp either so beware. All in all I would skip this place. There's better spots in the quarter - gumbo shop, killer poorboys, etc. I'm sure it's difficult making a name for your restaurant when you're across the street from Antoine's. Go for drinks skip the sandwhich.Excellent dinner and service! Quiet and relaxing  among the bussel of the French Quarter. I recommend this place for authentic french food.Amazing food! Get the special, Shrimp and Eggplant Pierre...best of the New Orleans food so far!!! Great service and friend smile from the Harvey!  Walked by the night before and hunted the location for tonight and was not disappointed. Good location, nice atmosphere, small and comfortable. A bonus is also the great cocktails and dessert that topped it off!This place is extraordinary. Jessica was bartending and made the most fantastic drinks that we've ever had. The food was divine and the atmosphere was very relaxing. We would have never learned about this place had it not been for the scandals bar tour that we talk. Overall, a great experience!This amaze balls Russian bartender is the best ever!!! Oh and the French onion soup is to die for!I'm only hesitant to yelp about it because I want to keep it all for myself and the lucky people who happen to stumble upon it.  But I must yelp!  My new favorite breakfast spot.  Suzanne the waitress is a delight, Ben mixes up drinks right, and Eggs Lafitte (poached eggs atop fried grits with crawfish) is like some magic savory concoction that assures that everything you do for the next 10-12 hours after eating it will be blessed by some mysterious culinary deities!! (if there is a line next time I go, I don't care....I'll wait!)Not sure what happened. Food and coffee were pretty bad and server was rude. I got the shrimp and grits which came out looking nothing like the pics from other reviewers and was aggressively mediocre at best. Got about ten shrimp for $14. French onion soup looked good, but tasted horrible.Just had drinks. No food. Open on a spring day is great for a cocktail and watching the people on the street.We had lunch here a little after the lunch rush so the restaurant was mostly empty.  The service was leisurely, taking more than half an hour to get our food.  The steak in my wife's steak crepe was extremely well done and my crabcakes had a burnt shell that I had to crack through to get to the crab meat.  The manager offered to recook the food, but we really didn't have time to wait for them to do it.I found this little side-street restaurant by accident when I visited NOLA in December of 2013. I had some really excellent gumbo and a mojito there.
when I was visiting again last week with my cousin, we stopped in. she had never been to Louisiana at all and wanted to experience the best variety of local food we could get our hands on.
we ordered the New Orlearns Trio (Shrimp Creole, Crawfish Etouffee, and Jambalaya) to split between us, along with some sweet tea. each of the three was absolutely delicious. 
prices were very reasonable, presentation and atmosphere were pretty classy but we didn't feel out of place in our blue jeans. the service was excellent and the ambience was cozy.Cucumber Bloody Mary and Hurricane... Delicious!  Fast, friendly, comfortable atmosphere.  Glad we stopped.Stumbled upon this lovely spot on our last day in NOLA, we decided to stop here because we were starving and had already gone to the restaurants near by. 
The inside was very charming, had a lot of character and looked like this may have been someone's house way back in the day. 
We ordered the trio, it was AMAZING! Much better than the trio at the royal house. Service was great, our waitress was nice and didn't check up on us every 3 minutes like they do in some places. 
We found out this house has a connection with the movie 12 years a slave so the historical feel of it isn't fabricated. I would absolutely go back to try other plates, lovely little place!Our party had a sausage po boy, french dip and duck crepe. ALL were delicious. Service was friendly and curtious. Good atmosphere and it was air conditioned. A bonus on a very hot day.We really only came here for drinks. My husband said the coffee is "fine." Our waitress Amandabwas really nice even when she realized we weren't eating. I have 4 stars instead of five because they have delicious unsweet tea, but no *sweet* tea. This is still the South. C'mon!Just came here for desserts and to chill after a long day of walking. I had the bread pudding with ice cream. Pretty delicious and since I've never had it prior to dining here,I have nothing to compare it to. 
Read reviews that their beignets were better than Cafe Du Monde, my companions and I had to try it out. I personally didn't like how it was made here. It's not as messy (the confectioner sugar sticks to the bun more), but it's crispy and not as soft as Cafe Du Monde. 
Otherwise our service and the ambiance was great!Service was horrible. Food was not good either. I don't recommend this place. I had high hopes for the piña coladas but they were disappointing.Had a wonderful supper here this evening. Ordered the shrimp and fried green tomato and caprese appetizers - both were excellent! Shrimp and fried green tomatoes were delicious with one of the better remoulades we've eaten. Caprese salad was very fresh and perfectly dressed. Po' boys (one crab, one shrimp) were dressed well and perfect size, accompanying fries were simple and yummy. Crepe desserts were not warm as expected but certainly decadent. Service was friendly and prompt. We got to sit by the open window with the breeze and New Orleans life rolling past while classic jazz played around us. All in all, a pleasant meal - we have bookmarked for our next trip!My partner and I went to Cafe Soulé twice and both times we were both very disappointed in the quality of the service and the food. 
Here are my thoughts if someone opens up a French restaurant in the French Quarters of New Orleans and has a menu that is dominantly written in French on their menu I (as a French Canadian) would expect the waiters to have a basic understanding what I'm ordering in French. But obviously the waiters have no acknowledgement what's on their menu.
If Café Soulé want to be fancy/trendy restaurant using French words on their menu; then they should train their waiters to understand certain key words in French so it would make the experience more authentic. Even have them say "Bon appétit" would add a nice touch or how about a "Bonjour" I don't expect them to strick a full blown conversation, however they are trying to sell an image which fails.
So now let's talk about  the food itself , our first experience was mediocre, I was craving real French crepes and I used Yelp to find this place. So I wanted to order a Nutella crepe and they didn't have any Nutella left which I was fine so I ask for a chocolate crepe instead and my crepe was burnt to a point where I was debating if I should ask for another one but since my partner was already eating I didn't want to wait another 20 min for a fresh one (yes took them 20 min and we were around 6 ppl in the restaurant) so I ate it. 
We ask our waiter for more water and took him forever to get back to us and when he did, both of our glasses didn't have any fresh ice; remember this is Nola it's very hot and humid. I will say this tho; the prices were reasonable on the menu. So we thought maybe we should give it another chance and we did; this time around I ordered a ham eggs on a croissant and eggs Benedictine for my partner after waiting 30 minutes for our food I was getting impatient I ask our waiter to get another ice tea and waiting for 10 minutes I got up and and I ask the gentleman behind the counter to get a refill on my ice tea cause the waiter forgotten about me. At this time we were about 8 people in the restaurant with 2 waiters. I notice another table returning their food since it was terribly burnt and obviously they didn't want to eat it; I can't even figure out why they would bring burnt food to a customer. I NEVER walk out of a restaurant but at this time we had enough, crappy service long wait for the food and burnt food; we paid for my ice tea and we left. I hope the manager reads this review and resolve their issues.we've had a number of fair to good meals in NOLA this week but tonight was a standout. craving shrimp and grits told my husband that Cafe Soule was where we were headed. it's small inside but charming, beautiful high ceilings and open windows provide that extra atmosphere that adds to the ambiance. 
we were seated quickly and Blaine was our waiter. he was outstanding - deserving 5 stars on his own. he made some recommendations on the menu, efficient, friendly, and all around the right amount of attentiveness.
i got the seven pear sour drink - light and refreshing. so good. we both also ordered the shrimp and grits. the grits were amazing- perfectly creamy - and perfect to soak up the amazing sauce. the sauce was bbq but not like you think of like in a bottle. as our waiter explained, it was a reduction and the BBQ part is from the seasoning used. regardless, i would have loved an extra ladle of two of that sauce. so flavorful! 
everyone was so friendly, we never felt rushed,it was an excellent meal and well priced. highly recommended.Not very happy with this place. I came here in a group of 6? And didn't have a reservation. So we expected a wait. However, when we asked the server how long the wait was, they told us they didn't know. And guessed 15 minutes. So sure enough we waited. About an hour later, we were still waiting and watching as other people who came in after us get seated before us. And when we kept asking how long, they kept on replying 15 minutes. After waiting that long for a "15" minute wait we decided to leave. But I will not be going back especially if there is not wait list or if they don't even know how long the wait is. Unacceptable.Great service and awesome food- I highly recommend the dinner service and special cocktails from their in house mixologist.Great little place for breakfast or dinner. Had dinner one night, great chicken sandwich and accidentally left my credit card. Went back the next morning to pick it up, ended up staying for the bananas foster waffles. Let me put it this way, I have never been so glad I was so forgetful!!! The waffle was amazing!  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself, but skip the syrup, you won't need it. By the way Suzanne our waitress was the best!I ordered the steak crepe, and it was cooked perfectly! My wife and mother in law received a quick tour of the old mansion, and we couldn't be happier we had lunch there. Dessert crepe was perfect as well.This review is for dinner, not brunch. The wait staff was outstanding but the food was bland. Possibly the least tasty shrimp I've ever eaten. The fried eggplant was yummy but of course fatty ;-)Awesome crepes. Had one with zucchini, one with shrimp & spinach, and of course one with strawberries and cream. Mimosas were cheap and more champagne than orange.Amazingly delicious breakfast!  I had the pecan waffles, which were light, fluffy, with crispy edges.  My friends had creamy grits, eggs, and crunchy bacon.  It was one of the best breakfasts we had during our stay in the French Quarter.  The waitress was outgoing and super friendly.  She made our day!We found this place without the help of the internet and had one of the best dinners I've had in NOLA because of it!  Everything I tasted was fantastic -- the shrimp creole was phenomenal, and the Monte Cristo just blew my mind. Our server Harvey was also top notch, made sure my friend was given the gluten-free menu, was prompt and attentive, and kept us all laughing the whole night.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.Very disappointed. I was expecting much better food and service based on the reviews. Our food was late and cold.  Very unorganized staff.  No one seemed to pay attention to the needs of the patrons. Disappointed with the eggs Benedict and strawberry crepe. Obviously sat for several minutes.Very nice New Orleans-style breakfast, crawfish omelet smothered in Louisiana hot sauce - muy caliente (sorry, I don't know French).
This was a quaint little surprise of a restaurant off a side street in The French Quarter. Very rustic and very New Orleans - even had a working fire place going on this chilly morning.
I'd definitely go back.I loved this little cafe for a late breakfast crepe. The staff were so friendly and kind. And the crepe was divine!!!Cute place with nice big ceilings and a warm feeling. The food was good, definitely recommend the French onion soup! The staff were very friendly and nice too.Two of my colleagues and I went here for a late afternoon snack/lunch during a day out exploring NOLA, before the APHA conference began. We sat down and had a very confused waiter right from the start. I felt bad because he had a really bad stammer, and I have stuttering issues myself, but his stuttering seemed more due to his confusion than a medical condition. I ordered the gumbo, my friend ordered the banana and nutella crepe, and my other friend asked the waiter if the crepe legumes was a good choice. He said it was his favorite thing on the menu and he highly recommended it.
Fast forward 20 minutes later, and our food comes out... but not my friend's crepe legumes. 5 more minutes after that, the same confused waiter comes out with two slices of tomato on a plate with scoops of crab salad on top of it. My friend is obviously confused at this point... and so was the waiter. There was this awkward discussion over the next 5 minutes of He said, She said.... he thought she said crab salad (that doesn't sound like crepe or legumes...), but she eventually got her crepe 10 minutes after that. She did say it was delicious though... a very cute and quaint place, but the service really needs to step it up. Very terrible serviceCute little cafe that we stumbled upon in the French quarter. Ambiance was nice and service was good. Wasn't too thrilled when my cocktail came with lipstick on it, that was kinda gross. Shrimp and grits were tasty. Bread that came with it was sub par.Awful place. Showed up and said there would be no wait and we stand there for 5 minutes for them to come back and say 20mins until we can be seated. He leaves and says we can be seated asap. Once again wait another 5 minutes for someone to tell us we'd have to wait 30mins for lunch to transition from breakfast and we won't get food for thirty minutes. Poor and rude service. THEY NEED TO COMMUNICATE AND BE ON TRACK WITH ONE  ANOTHER.Three stars are not for the food...the rating reflects on the service. If you are staying in the French Quarter, this place has a great location and it is also a nicely appointed spot. The menu has many options for breakfast or brunch - which is the meal I'm rating.
I was by myself and arrived when the unreserved tables were occupied. I would have sat at the bar if one customer had not been having an attitude about wanting to finish her coke. The waiter was gracious and didn't press. In a few minutes a table for 2 opened up and I was all set.
It took about 10 minutes for the waitress to acknowledge me and take my order for coffee. She did not pause to see if I was ready to place my full order. The place wasn't packed, but then I realized the large group seated next to me hadn't even ordered yet! They seemed like they had been there a while.
It took about 10 more minutes for her to take my order, then came the wait. It was an hour later that I was walking out after eating a simple breakfast of eggs, bacon and a biscuit. The couple seated next to me were very disappointed with the service and left before they got the check because they had asked for it twice to no avail. Exasperated, they resorted to calculating what their meal should cost, put the cash on the table and left. When the waitress finally appeared with my receipt and their bill, she realized what had happened. Their intention was to leave no tip. They succeeded.
I'm not sure why the service was so slow and why there was such confusion with the orders. I saw the wait staff come out twice with plates that hadn't been ordered by the guests.
The waiter who seated me gave me a free mimosa with a wink to acknowledge the chaos. They turned away two sales while I was waiting to pay. If they had been more efficient, I would have been gone 30 minutes earlier.
Anyway, I thought the food was ok. It was not worth the wait. Better to go to The Grill for breakfast. Service is great, food is simple and prepared quickly.Went to dinner here last night. Waited 20 minutes for a table even though several were open & we were the only ones in line. Seated & ordered relatively quickly. Had to ask waitress for refills on water & cocktails several times. After 30 - 40 minutes after we ordered, we were told the upstairs party just finished so our orders were coming up (had we known this to begin with, we would not have stayed). Asked for bread while waiting, which we were charged for. Once our order came back, soup had to be sent back because it was room temperature. New bowl exactly the same. Service was slow, food was mediocre. Would give 2.5 - 3 stars.Our waiter Asa was amazingly awesome. Our dinners (french dip and shrimp poor boy) were great. All around exceptional experience. The crepes were good, the coffee was greatAmazing food and service. The waiter and staff were great. Crapes and breakfast sandwich were just what we needed!!Shame the food is subpar because it's a cute place. The problem is with subpar food the service needs to be great. Crab dip was not sent out even after ordered, soup was warm, crepes were hard to cut.  Disappointed after  reading the good reviews.  Too many good options to spend time here.You can either stand on line like an idiot at Cafe Du Monde, or you can come to Cafe Soulé where the coffee and beignets are just as good without the crowds and the kids.Stopped in after touring the St. Louis Cemetary #1. Amazing!!!! Fast service, excellent food. I had the breakfast special which was a crawfish omelette and it was a flavor explosion! Later the hubby, also known as "the one who pays for it all" and I split a Nutella banana crepe I was almost sorry I had to share because if I hadn't been full from the omelette I would have eaten the entire crepe by myself.Excellent!  Crepes, drinks and beignets. What could be better!  Waitress was fabulous, new but very sweet and accommodating.Pretty good food. I was surprised by how many GF options they had. The shrimp was also really fresh. Nice experience. Also, my boyfriend said the crab cakes were pretty good.This was the bomb. Don't know why this place was near empty on a Saturday night.  The Shrimp and Eggplant Pierre was succulent, splendid and a tad decadent.  It was thick juicy fried breaded rounds of eggplant, shrimp, red and green pepper strips, and a fabulous cream sauce. Don't believe the menu when it says "light cream sauce;" this was the real deal - creamy, buttery, and perfectly spiced. Diner number #2 had the more moderate meal: redfish with spinach and the best thyme zucchini rounds in forever. I could do a side of those for dessert. Strawberry mint vodka lemonade was cool and refreshing. Highly recommended.My husband and I stopped for a quick bite to eat before leaving for the airport. Nice, soft music in the background. Very pleasant atmosphere. The crawfish pie and gumbo were both wonderful.Been in Louisiana 4 nights now. All great dinners. But this was the best meal I've had. Got the Fried Green Tomatoes for an appetizer, Eggplant and Shrimp Pierre, and the Crab Stuffed Gulf Snapper, and King Cake Crepe for dessert. All were perfect. Service was great. Ambience quiet (Wednesday night in the lull before Mardi Gras week.)Just stopped because I was looking for something other than the usual Cajun/creole and glad I did. Refreshing seven pear sour was just the thing after the heat of the French Quarter . Chicken florentine hit the spot and bananas foster bread pudding hit the spot. And guess what? Prices were quite reasonable! Who'd a thunk it? Calise ( my server) was cheerie and attentive without being overly so. Overall a wonderful experience!My wife and I tried Cafe Soulé as our 'nice' meal while in New Orleans on a 3 day trip.  It could not have been a better meal.  We are not big (quantity) eaters, but once we tried the fried green tomatoes it was on.  The shrimp and Soulé sauce set the dish apart.  Next my wife got the Crawfish Étoufée, which she loved.  I got the special, which was blackened redfish on a bed of jambalaya.  The redfish was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the jambalaya was such a nice addition to the meal.  Everything was so good we felt we would have been missing out if we didn't order dessert so we ordered the bread pudding of the day, which was bananas foster.  It was super dense and was so flavorful.  Our server was very nice and personable, and she did a great job of recommending drinks and dishes based on our conversation with her.  It was such a great meal in a pleasant setting.  I can't wait to try Soulé again next time I'm in town.Went here for lunch on a Monday afternoon.  We were one of two tables in the whole restaurant and the service took forever. 
At least our waiter was honest about why the food took so long.  The chef apparently burnt my Monte Cristo sandwich, but it turns out the second one wasn't worth waiting for.  It came out soggy and tasteless.  The oyster sandwich (and the zesty soule sauce) was also tasteless.  The one thing I did enjoy about this place was the fries.  They appeared to be hand cut and they were well seasoned.
Between the poor service and the tasteless lunch, we decided not to even bother with crepes for dessert, which seems to be what this place is best known for.  Perhaps I'll give those a shot next time I'm in New Orleans, but I certainly have no desire to go back for lunch.
To be fair, this was one of the cheaper menus I found in the French Quarter so perhaps I got what I paid for ...This place was recommended by a local we met. We were looking for a place for beignets and she recommended here. They were ef. good! Staff was really nice and personable.Loved this place!  My group came here for brunch and then came back that evening for a birthday dinner!  The only problem we had was deciding what to get on the menu because everything looked so great!  I got the strawberry waffles for brunch, but tasted the croissant sandwich, crepes, eggs benedict and the pancakes and all were fantastic!  For dinner, the chef brought out two free plates of beignets as a thank you for coming back!  She talked with us for a few minutes and we really appreciated their hospitality!  Favorite place we ate at in NoLa by far!Feeling peckish for an afternoon delight, we popped into Cafe Soule for crepes and beignets.  Super sweet atmosphere, tasty treats, and a great place to stop and relax.  Staff was attentive and very helpful!It may have just been the day I went, but somehow I highly doubt that. Terrible and RUDE service! Please do yourself a favor a stay as far away as you can from this place. Given the 4 stars on yelp and the decent-looking menu, we thought it was perfect for breakfast before our swamp tour. We conveniently made a reservation on yelp which was not honored at all. The host didn't even bother to ask if we had made one. He merely barked at us to "Get in line with the rest of them." After we were seated it took OVER 45 MINUTES to get our food. Are you serious? How long does it take to cook some eggs and fry some bacon? That is absolutely unacceptable in my book. The waiter was unapologetic for the long wait. The food itself was okay.
Horrendous experience. If I could give less than 1 star I definitely would.Stumbled across this place my first night in New Orleans after walking through the French Quarter. We were looking for a small restaurant with some good New Orleans food and that's what we found. I had the Jambalaya which was super tasty, but I did wish it came with a little more meat. Nothing too exceptional about this place but great for a simple dinner.Happy hour drinks are so so.  But they did an amazing job of taking care of my wife who has an onion allergy.    Came up with a custom dish that she loved.   She says "food is amazing".   Very kind staff.Great Cucumber Bloody Mary and relaxed atmosphere. Worth the stop for an afternoon drink and bite.Overall the food was delicious - a little heavy handed on the salt but still very good! We were early on our reservation and they kindly accommodated us with a quaint table next to the fireplace!This little French cafe in the French Quarter was gorgeous. And very French.  I was totally THAT tourist taking tons of photos of the decor.  I'm lame, whatever.   It only seats maybe 10 tables by the looks of it and is basically indoor-outdoor seating throughout.  The service was fun, though I wish I could mimic some of the strange faces our lady made to me.  
I only wish I'd tried more things on the menu - my sandwich was tasty and a perfect portion, but I definitely got table envy as I watched the way more fun stuff being delivered to the tables around me.  That's the last time I let my stupid friend peer-pressure me into safe.  I also wish there wasn't a TV playing football games.  But it's the South, and according to our cab driver, Nola is the #1 Sports Tourism city in the world, so I guess a sports TV is obligatory.  
Also note, we got there right at noon and had to wait 15 minutes as the kitchen transitioned from the breakfast menu to the lunch menu.  Further also note that Mimosas were $5.  As you can imagine, since it was a gorgeous Fall day, we did not at all mind the wait, provided the mimosas kept flowing.worst crepe I have ever been served...veggies were deep fried, not sauteed, as proven by the fact that there was an old french fry inside. sent it back. they comped it and aplologized. salad was edible but tasted like store bought (too sweet) viniagrette.I read all the good reviews and I decided to try Cafe Soule during my visit in New Orleans and I got so disappointed. Everything went just ..... wrong!
1. The service was very slow. We had to wait 20 minutes for the crepes although we were the only customers.
2. The order was wrong. I decided to take the pepperoni-cheese crepe and my girlfriend made her own crepe with chicken breast, cheese and tomato. I also asked for extra cheese for my crepe. Eventually, they brought me a crepe without cheese. According to the receipt the charged the extra cheese on my gf's crepe and also they did not put tomato in my her crepe. Tomato was not in the menu but the waitress told us we can add it if we like.
3. The crepes were awful. Small in size, dry and tasteless. I wonder if they really know what a crepe is.
4. We order french fries on the side and we got burnt fries. Black and crunchy.
5. They mis- and overcharged everything. They charged the fries as beignets because they were not in the menu as they told us. Also according to the menu prices, the custom crepe should cost  $6 (2.75 for the crepe, 2.25 for the chicken breast, 0.50 for the cheese, 0.50 for the extra cheese). They charged $9.75 like the most expensive crepe on the menu.
For all the above I do not recommend the Cafe Soule.One server for the whole restaurant? Very slow service, obviously. We had breakfast here and chose to stay, outside seating is limited in the French Quarter. Plain food, no taste, broken-stained dishes. Avoid or take your chances. *Food was meeeee.Had dinner here,  shrimp with eggplant awesome,  BBQ shrimp with grits awesome.   Need to eat here.  Service awesome. .I used awesome 3x!We were there after the conference. Had a big lunch. We had a fried green tomato and shrimp, gumbo, French onion soup, jambalaya and Louisiana gulf fish. Everything was delicious.  We will definitely come back to this little restaurant if we are in the area.Excellent place to escape the hustle of the French Quarter. Refined without being stuffy. Great place to grab a desert and they have a full bar as well. Get  romantic seat next to the fire place or take a seat in front of the windows to have a great vantage point from which to people watch. Service was casual but attentive and the foods were of good quality.One of a kind, the entire atmosphere, staff, and manager was awesome! The French toast and Scrambled eggs and Ham Croissants are world class 10/10This place has the worst service!!!  I never have written a bad review, but feel this one is necessary.  We stopped in for breakfast on our last day in NOLA.  Very pretty restaurant and was busy, but had tables available.  After being sat, it took approx 20 minutes to get our first cup of coffee and order 2 crepes.  An hour after that we still had no food and no refill on coffee.
They were just not that busy!  The wait staff and manager were disorganized and busy running around doing everything except servicing customers. The food at other tables came out haphazardly and did not look good. We ended up leaving an hour and a half into and only had 1 cup of bad coffee.  Absolute worst experience we had the whole week we were here.
This is definitely not a recommended spot.  I would hate to go there if they were any busier.  Too many good places to eat... Spend your time and money anyplace else!