Went to Val's for their Happy Hour deals and really enjoyed it! Their margaritas were $6 instead of $10, and the chips and guac were a delicious appetizer!
Their tacos are pretty small, so I would order around 3 for a full meal. The fried fish tacos were the best! The chicken mole tacos weren't that great--the meat was pretty tough. The sweet potato tacos were also pretty good! 
The only inconvenience would be that you can't really split checks, so if you're going with a larger group of people, make sure to have a plan on who's paying.The food was delicious and the atmosphere was the best! We ate outside. We ate an early lunch on Saturday. Restaurant was not busy. The service was lacking, had to ask for water refills twice. Had to ask for additional lime from another server for our tacos, as our server disappeared. Even had to ask another server for our check. We were a party of three, 20% gratuity was included in our check. We DID NOT get 20% gratuity service!Asked for a to go order of queso and chips and salsa to go. Got charged, then told I couldn't get the queso to go. Now, because I wasn't told before paying, I had to go through the refund process and have to wait for the money to be refunded to my account. Then I get home and realize the chips from the chips and salsa are stale, and the salsa is so oily and old. I will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone.Meh. I found this place on Instagram and it looked yummy and cute. We tried all of the tacos and the only one that was semi good was the fish. The others were just blah and then a hit of spicy. 
Their special strawberry margarita was yummy but so tiny for the price. And the mezcal margarita was inedible. Will not be going back.Decent taco place with a cute, outdoor atmosphere. I like that new places like this are popping up on Freret and was super excited to try it out. I had the pork shoulder and fried fish tacos and an El Diablo from the cocktail menu. The tacos were tasty, but (in my opinion) not good/filling enough for their price tag. In this case, I think you're paying more for the trendy environment and getting less of a deal on the food itself. The drink was pretty solid, but I think a classic margarita would have gone better with the tacos and I wish I had tried it. Overall, spending happy hour here was pleasant, but I wasn't entirely satisfied when I left. I'd rather spend my money somewhere the tacos are a little more filling and I can get more for my money. But, if you don't mind an overpriced taco and just want to hang out in their cute patio area with a margarita, then to each their own!We were hungry and Vals hit the spot! Every time we have tried to go in the past it had been packed, so Monday night was our lucky night. Service at the bar was great and they answered any questions we had.
I'm on the search for the best queso fundido in town, so had to order it from Vals. It came with only 4 small corn tortillas and we ended up ordering a side of chips with it, but it was pretty good. Too much chorizo for my tastebuds. We also got the elote; the chicken taco and fish taco; and the quesabirria. The Birria was okay and tasted really oily imo. I know this is a hot item around town and everyone is trying to ride the hype. It is a casual little taco joint so don't expect 5 star glassware and whatnot. I noticed some people called that out in their review lol. Also, they add the service charge to your bill - totally fine with us. All restaurants should do this!From start to finish everything was amazing! Restaurant is following 100% safety requirements to keep guests safe! Food and drink menu were delicious! Margaritas on point! Their outdoor seating concepts is lovely! Check this place out! They are also dog friendly which is always a plus in my book!Loved this spot! I went here with my boyfriend after finishing my finals and it was the perfect spot to relax and decompress. The decor is super cute and the wait staff was very nice! Their margaritas were soo good and pack a punch! I highly recommend the fish tacos and the green salsa. Wow best I've ever had!!We stopped in Mardi Gras day/Taco Tuesday. We were a little disappointed that there were no holiday specials but ate there anyway because I have been dying to try. The restaurant is spacious, with a large bar and ample outdoor seating, it gets major vibes points. We tried all of the tacos, they are $3 each, with mixed reviews. I enjoyed the fish and sweet potato, my husband liked the pork and beef, the chicken fell right in the middle. Our biggest complaint was the very small size of the tortillas. The meat was falling off which was good that they didn't skimp there but I think I would have preferred splitting the meat among 2 small tortillas OR just make a larger tortilla. The other thing was that the meat was warm but the tortilla was cold and so by the time we got to the chicken it was also cold. We also got the corn which was pretty tasty and seemed like a good value because you get 4 pieces. Lastly, we had the frozen margarita, since we came around noon, the full bar was not open ( also a bummer because it was really cold for frozen margaritas). Margarita was $10 and the glasses was fairly small so all in all I probably would not go again unless it was happy hour and some friends wanted to hang on the patio.Their tacos will change your life. And the margaritas are delicious. And the service was fantastic. Run; don't walk to try this delightful dining experience.Planning my next trip as I eat a dope AF green mole taco!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great peeps, cool vibes, highly recommend.Went there last night for the first time. Food and atmosphere were great. Service and prices need work. They charge a 20% gratuity on all the bills which is fine but they also tax on top of it. This is not good business and I hope they change that in the future. I am not even sure if that is legal.We ordered online and picked up at the restaurant. Tacos were good, nice flavor, a little small for $3. Chips were good, could of used more salt. Have had better, and have had worse. Didn't like how when I looked at my credit card, they charged me separately for an "online order fee" and didn't tell me in the ordering/payment process. That's pretty sleezy. Watch outThe housemade chips, tatemado, and cremosa were good and had a nice amount of heat.  I could eat that all day.  That was the best part of our meal.  The elotes needed salt to bring out the other flavors.  We tried every single taco and thought they were just ok.  The pork tacos came to us sooo greasy, that the grease saturated our other tacos.  The chicken mole tacos were surprisingly bland, and the sweet potato taco was better than we thought.  The beef and fish tacos were meh.  There are better tacos in town.I was very excited to try this place out and I was more than disappointed. My boyfriend and I shared the beef, pork, and fish tacos. The fish and pork were decent, but the beef had 0 flavor, like it tasted like nothing, not even beef. But that wasn't even the big issue. After taking a couple bites, I realized the tortilla has the WORST texture, like old peeling rubber. Upon inspection, I realized the tortillas were horribly soggy. Like it looked like wet dead foot skin when you get a pedicure and they scrape your dead skin off. It was that bad. I wasn't ready to give up tho, so I asked the waitress for new tortillas because they were soggy (I made sure to say they were soggy so they could made sure thennew ones weren't soggy) well, we get the new ones and they're the EXACT same, like they had just been run through a dishwasher. She came back and asked if they were better and I said, no not really but it's fine we'll just get our stuff to go. She just said okay and brought us our ticket. That was that, I was ready to pay and leave... UNTIL I saw the bill and they had the AUDACITY to charge us extra for the "extra" tortillas. That's the main reason I was motivated to write this review, to warn others not only of their nasty tortillas, but also their extremely poor customer service. 
I have provided photos below. So imagine that, but WET to the touch. 
On top of all that, there was a mandatory 18% gratuity and service obviously was not goodGreat food and awesome Marquita a. The tuna tostadas and fish tacos  are the best . Everything is really good!I loved the aesthetic of this restaurant. The color scheme  and decor were super cute. The staff was really sweet and gave great recommendations. I highly recommend this place! Their fish tacos were the BEST I've ever had and their chorizo queso was equally as amazing. Only gripe- Margaritas were a little on the small side, but were still very good!Loved the food and drinks, but was left feeling pretty disappointed with the service. Our waitress told us it's "their policy" to only provide one check per table and insinuated we wouldn't be able to pay for the food we each had actually ordered. I hope this gets corrected soon, that's absolutely asinine.
Besides that i would definitely recommend this place, the house margarita and sweet potato tacos were incredible!4.5
This place was great.
Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food and great people. Everyone i came in contact with was kind, attentive and super chill.
The drinks (hh margs & palomas) and apps (queso, guac, salsas) were delish.
My only semi-ugh moment was - I ordered 6 tacos to go and when I got home I realized the order was all wrong. Got some I didn't order, didn't get any of some I actually did. We still ate and they we delicious nontheless so all is forgiven. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.Excellent Mexican street food. Tacos were delicious. My favorite is the Elotes (corn on the cob). Beautiful outdoor dining area.Would not go here unless you bring your own bug spray. You will get bit. Keys the seven bites on my legs. And we were sitting inside!!!Food is really good, portions are tiny, and prices are outrageous.Also don't forget the %20 mandatory service fee automatically added to your billThis was a great dinner spot - outdoors, fun atmosphere.  Tacos, drinks and fresh guacamole were delicious.  Servers were professional and friendly.I've been to vals about 10 times, give or take a few, for mostly dinners.  Every single time I go, I have to wait far too long to get another drink.  Margs are small but good so they run out quick.  Waitstaff is lazy and clearly they haven't figured out that more alcohol sales is the easiest way to make more money...especially since 20% gratuity is built in to check.  After last night's service, I'm over it.My friend and I met for lunch and stopped here after learning the original place we wanted to go to had a long wait. Neither of us had heard of this place before, but decided to try it after looking at the menu. The decor and ambience of this place is really cute. It's housed in an old gas station with a bar and lots of outdoor seating. The server was friendly and helpful with our questions. The food, on the other hand, was subpar. We each ordered 3 tacos, which are street-taco sized. The meat on each of our tacos was cold, and the tacos were pretty greasy/drippy. I had real street tacos at a place in Kenner a few days ago at one of those places where the staff don't speak English, and I'd suggest going there if you want good tacos. Probably won't be back to this place, but I gave 3 stars for the service and ambiance.The atmosphere was really cute, loved sitting outside and watching the saints game. However, the only thing we got that was good was the street corn (and it was sooo good!) but the rest of the food was very... okay. The tacos came out cold. Didn't get a cocktail but those did look good, just a little too expensive.I really would give it 2.5 stars. They are way overpriced for what they actually offer. 
We started off by ordering guacamole and salsa. I usually don't like it when I have to pay for salsa, but if it's good I don't mind as much. They literally served it to us in a TOGO ramekin and charged us $5...worst part was they didn't even bother to refill it...that was a rip off. The guacamole was ok, nothing groundbreaking.
I ordered a margarita and that was an even bigger rip off. It was $12, served in a cup you would find in a cafeteria, and I finished it in 3 sips. That margarita should have been $5 at most. 
The tacos are actually pretty good. I especially enjoyed the fish tacos and I like how they used corn tortillas. However, my boyfriend cannot eat corn tortillas as it hurts his stomach. So he asked our server if they had flour tortillas, and our server got a little defensive. I don't think that was her intention but she could have had a better response to his question. 
The atmosphere is very nice and open with plenty of seating. It's nice on a cool, crisp night. 
We were a bit astonished when we got the check. They charge a full 20% gratuity on the whole bill. We tip 20% or more about 95% of the time but it was kind of a slap in the face considering we spent $100 and still left hungry. 
If you are going for just tacos with a cool outdoor space, Val's is good. However, I would not bother ordering appetizers or alcoholic beverages here.The setup is gorgeous, probably better when it isn't so outside thought. Enjoyed their fish tacos, but not a fan on the chicken. Vals has some of the best chips and salsa, not complementary, and they last a long time. Brought my leftovers home and enjoyed them just the same days later, place them in a ziplock bag. I was eyeing the Elotes, grilled Mexican street corn, on the menu, but decided at the time not to get. My Yelp BFF and I had enjoyed our food and drinks, which are on the strong sign, but nothing to write home about, and ordered some chocolate flan, which was very good and rich,  I must say, when we looked over at the other table and noticed their elotes. Let me tell you, that was some on the best Mexican street corn I have had! I would return just for the elotes ALONE! 
Our waiter was attentive, friendly, and open and honest. We did ask why he didn't put us in those elotes from the jump, they increased their starts. I will definitely be back for some elotes. Until we meet again.We payed a visit to the relatively new Vals new on Freret and were impressed with its new spacious outdoor dining accommodations. We were seated pretty fast and provided small menus to check off what we wanted to order.  There was plenty of seating outside and what appeared to be a full bar inside open to the exterior.
We started with an order of Chips and Cremosa (Guacamole!). The freshly baked chips were a highligh and was a decent starter for two people.  We also ordered two Crispy Beef Tacos, Green Mole Chicken Tacos, and Baja Style Fried Fish Tacos.  First I will say that these tacos were very very good, but they were not the traditional sized tacos one would receive at an authentic Mexican restaurant as they were more "bite sized."  As delicious as they were, each taco was gone in two bites.   
We were not drinking alcoholic beverages on our visit, but noticed that most of the customers were taking advantage of the Vals margarita selection and the full bar.  Based on our experience I would not recommend Vals as a dinner or lunch option, but if you are seeking a Bar with plenty of outdoor seating and Mexican inspired small plates then Vals may be for you.Very delicious fish tacos and Val's margarita (even tho it was awfully small for $11).  Would definitely frequent here more if I wasn't newly transplanted to the Northshore.This spot was very okay. You fill out a sheet at your table for your order and the waiter/waitress comes to pick it up. The order form was not clear and also made ordering another round difficult. Food was served on plastic plates from Target and cocktails were served in plastic cups that seemed like they were from a school cafeteria. Found this a bit odd. Will not be going back anytime soon.We love Vals! Went today for lunch, which you order at the window, they give you a number stick, and then they bring your drink and food to your table. I know the tacos are smaller than other places, but they taste great.  I just LOVE their elotes, so an order of those and 2 tacos was enough. About 5 or 6 half corn cobs in an order. I love their frozen margarita. Honestly, I haven't tried any other since that one is so tasty. The chips and salsa/guacamole/etc is purchased separately, which we like because if you are not in the mood for it, the temptation can be removed.My friends and I headed to New Orleans for Samedi Gras, and after a long day of touring house floats and listening to music in the Garden District, we were ready to grab some light food before heading out. Our friends recommended a few places, and Vals was one of them. Several places were closing early, so we called and thankfully found them open. 
The outside has a nice garage style vibe with a separate window to pick up your take out or order something to go. They had a nice outdoor seating area, but it was super cold so we lucked out on some inside seating. The bar was huge and had some funky decor vibes to it, but we quickly moved into another seating area. It was very very loud in there - music was distractingly blaring, so it made it a little difficult to hear the instructions on ordering and the specials. 
Our server was helpful and she made sure we knew how the system worked. Also, after ordering the cops and salsa/quac/pico, we were ready to order our tacos. Be sure ask of anything is off menu. In an attempt to avoid the more fried or smothered items, my friend asked, and the server said they have an off menu tuna item. A nice little secret, so we are happy she asked.  And the server was delightfully helpful with that.  And everything comes out extremely quickly, so if you're hungry, that's a great thing!
I ordered the chicken mole taco and the sweet potato taco. Wow. Both take about three bites to finish, each bite was full of flavor and planets of meat or veggies. Additionally, we got the corn, and it was delish. 
They specialize in tequila, and I would very much like to go back to try some of their suggestions. I was driving, so I refrained from indulging in the deliciousness. 
As far as sanitizing, we watched them clean thoroughly between everyone, masks and gloves were seen around. They are you to check in for contact tracing, they provide hand sanitizer on the tables. 
I would go back, I just hopefully could snag a patio seat to avoid the loud music that made us compete to speak over (as well as everyone else in the place!)It's was love at first Elote for me is all I can say. Great spot for just about any occasion but especially for brunch.
Huge outdoor area but make sure to wear sunblock menu is pretty packed and offers a lot of the usual Mexican favorites. The chips are guacamole are  
I had all their tacos and they were solid but could have used a bit more seasoning expect the sweet potato. The elotes were hands down my favorite and will make your tastebuds sing! Big portion so easy to share with friends or have as a meal. 
The happy hour specials are great and I highly recommend the Paloma.Vals always hits the spot! By far the cutest location and amazing food. They have sold me as far as being my favorite taco place. You also can not beat their amazing happy hour.Loved the sweet potatoes  taco .  Must try will surely be back for sweet potato taco .I'm very conflicted on writing this review. I felt as if I had 2 different scores to give it; one as the child of immigrants that grew up in south central Los Angeles, and the other as a man taking his girlfriend out to a nice dinner. 
My Angeleno score would have been 2 stars. Through this lens, everything was overpriced and it was simply a scam. The prices on all the item menus were highway robbery and I did not believe the price was justified on them. 
As a man on a date however, I would give Vals 4 stars. It was not too expensive and the menu was simple and easy to order from while not being bare bones. It felt like a cute date spot and I will likely be returning simply because I live in the neighborhood. I do not think this place is worthy of a detour but it's a cute spot for those around Freret. 
This place however, was not the best at being a restaurant. The sweet potato & the fish tacos were great and I enjoyed them, even though I did not believe their price was justified at all. However, the beef tacos left much to be desired. The meat was cooked well and was tender enough, but it simply did not have any flavor. It was like chewing flavorless gum. Additionally, I ordered a margarita that I think was cooled with dry ice or something, the lime that came with it was literally frozen as a rock when I got it.
Overall, only come here if you're in the area and want a nice spot to take someone. It won't be a good taco restaurant, and the price won't be justifiable, but it is a nice place to take those near and dear. 3/5Great food but terrible service. Ordered a water and it took 15 minutes to come. Also ordered a margarita (never came) so I tried to go to the bar and order one, the bartender RUDELY told me "you can order through your waitress" I told him how I had over 20 minutes ago and it never came and he still waved me off. She finally brought the drink after I reminded her 2 times after ordering. All the food was amazing though!!!Love, love, love the patio here. Very spacious with a great vibe. 
Checked out Val's on a whim one night to grab drinks after leaving Midway Pizza. They were running a special of strawberry margaritas and they were delicious! Not too sweet, not too strong. Great blend. 
Came back a few weeks later to try the food and really enjoyed the fish taco and guacamole. The menu is pretty slim, so if you're coming expecting to really fill your belly on all your favorite Mexican dishes, you may want to choose another spot. This spot is great if you'd like to have a few light snacks while you enjoy some drinks. However, I do think you'll be pleased with the options taste-wise.
Awesome location for a date night or night out with friends. The staff is also super friendly. Everyone was wearing masks, keeping their distance, and made me feel very comfortable while dining. Will definitely be back as long as those strawberry margaritas are available .I got to try the cutest taco spot on Freret Street this past weekend. It was definitely a cool spot and I recommend everyone check it out. 
Tips: No Reservations - walk ins only(but I did see a larger table reserved, so I guess if you call them and let them know you have a large party they'll accommodate (not sure)
Menus- each table is given two menus; food and drink (dassit) they hand you a pen and you have to go around the table and mark off each item you want. So let's say, three ppl want fried fish tacos(my favorite btw) then you have to write a 3 next to fish tacos. I mean, it wasn't too bad... just different (ALSO there is a 20% service fee added to the bill... heads up)
Patio - the outside area is doggie friendly, which is super cute. You can get lit off a pitcher of Margs (serves 6) while you play with your pooch. 
My favorite was the guacamole and the fried fish tacos!!! Y'all definitely have to try those!!!I finally made it to Vals. It's been on  my list of places to visit for some time.  Aesthetically pleasing + tacos is something I can't turn down. 
I arrived a few minutes after opening excited to explore the menu. Food was ordered at the window, a number given to place on the table, with servers bringing food from the kitchen. Amongst the top of the list was queso. It also came highly recommended.
The queso was ordered with chorizo on the side. The presentation was great, queso, browned top and a skillet. This is not your typical queso cheese dip. The there are onions baked underneath. I found the cheese to be tough and taste to be bland. The chorizo as an accompaniment didn't add or take away much in my opinion. 
I will add, the restroom was impeccably clean. Whichever soap is used also had an amazing scent.
Overall, this is a restaurant I probably would come to just to try a drink and enjoy outdoor seating. By the way the bar doesn't open until 4pm. Id say come by if you're curious, you may find something you like.Food was great but horrible service. Had to ask for a waiter to reorder food 3 times. It's like they didn't even want to sell more food. Waited forever to get the check. Went up to the counter to ask for change and they said "go back to your table right now". Clearly didn't want my money but had the audacity to have a preset 20% tip even tho it was only two of us. What a jokeReally great experience! The staff was very friendly and took proper precautions to make us feel safe. The restaurant is not only beautifully designed, but has beautiful food as well! I love the small menu. Makes ordering super simple. A good price for what you're getting. I got one of each taco and I was impressed by all. Will definitely be back. Happy to have a taco place in the neighborhood.I hate leaving reviews like this, but I was not at all impressed by Vals. The food, service, and experience were terrible. 
When we were seated at our table, it was still dirty and sticky (which is even more disturbing to me during COVID) from the last party. It then took our server 15 minutes to come over and take our drink order. I asked to try a kind of wine before purchasing the glass and had to remind her twice. It was 3/4 of the way through our meal by the time she finally brought it over. The wine was served in a tiny glass but tasted ok. 
Now to the food...
Let me first start by saying both myself and my dining partner were chefs and had heard wonderful things about Vals, so our expectations were high. These expectations were not met.
We started with Ceviche and Elotes. The ceviche was tiny. We paid $12 or $15 for something so tiny and only 3 pieces of shrimp! It was also tomato-based ceviche, which I'm not used to. The Elotes were pretty good. A different flavor combo than is classically used, but still good.
Next came the tacos The kinds we had were Green Mole Chicken, Crispy Beef, Baja Style Fried Fish, and Sweet Potato. I don't eat meat, but my dining partner was not a fan of the chicken and beef ones. He said the chicken was super dry, and it seemed they were trying to overcompensate with a copious amount of sauce. I had the fried fish and sweet potato tacos. 
The fish taco - not good AT ALL. It tasted like freezer burn (which is horrible) and was certainly NOT Baja style. The sweet potato taco was just ok. 
Throughout all of this, we had to call our waiter over each time we needed something. Not once did she check on us. After 30 minutes of sitting, we had to wait to order. And, as I mentioned before, it took forever (and many reminders) to get our drinks. 
Overall, I was not impressed by this experience.Gratuity is automatically added - 20%. I'd like to make my choice to give the amount of the tip. The tacos are street tacos so small. They were greasy too. The drinks are good.Great food, a little pricey but worth it for a fly date. 
Chill, friendly staff. Good with the water, love that. 
Good drinks, really love the outdoor seating arrangements. Its cool even when you have a kid, lots of space and not too snoody or uptight. We've been twice and well be back!Take your experience at Vals with a grain of salt, they're in their first few weeks of opening so there are always going to be growing pains. It's exciting to see them in the neighborhood, but I definitely can see the love and appeal of Vals for the city in the future.
They are doing their best to ensure COVID-19 safety practices. No reservations are allowed ahead of time, there is a checkpoint station, "no masks, no margs" rules for entry, and tables have a decent amount of space between them.
I enjoy the ability to have a cocktail or beverage at the drink window whilst waiting for your table. They have some patio tables available solely for drinking which was a nice touch.
////
The gentleman on the evening of Friday, August 21st at the "cocktail window" was a little condescending  and had an attitude that really wanted to make me take more of a sour approach. 
During these times though, it's already hard for local businesses to stay open, but I suggest to the management team at Vals to remind their employees they are not working at a gastronomic-based restaurant in Paris, Mexico City, Toronto, London, New York, or even Los Angeles for that type of attitude.
It's a little off-putting when it's your first time there discovering the menu and your first impression of the service is him scoffing about your drink inquiries with simply questions like what type of beers do y'all have and if the frozen margaritas have any fresh fruit purees.
Just a heads up it's quite common to have fresh mango purees and such available in restaurants with Hispanic/Latinx based roots, as well as, Dos XX as a beer option. 
The refreshing watermon juice cocktail was DELISH.
////
Our server for the table was divine and wonderful, I have to say. We felt bad since she had so many tables to oversee but understood the scenario. Just expect some delayed times between serving and a few more minutes to check out. 
Food is all great, just know the menu outlines the prices and not the qty. It was a good chuckle at the table. Every food item is a la carte, and is very similar to ordering at a sushi restaurant. You "tick mark" what you want to order and everything is brought out to you as it's ready.
Be aware though substitutions and such are not really encouraged, I do wish they were a bit more detailed on their menus for ingredients included. After dining though, I'll make sure to note to avoid the heavy use of onions on the tacos.
The tacos, charro beans, tostada chips, elotes, and queso fundido were all delicious. Not a big fan of all the onions in the queso fundido, but it was refreshing to have them serve it the proper dishware with a charred film.
I'm definitely going to have to give them a second try for an overall opinion, but I'm not opposed to it.Got take out at vals and was pretty impressed! I tried the crispy beef belly, chicken mole and crispy fish tacos. I loved the beef and how it had  the tougher lean meat combined with the crispy belly fat. The flavor and texture was divine! The chicken mole was my least favorite. The texture of the shredded chicken mixed with sauce was a bit too wet for me, and the spiciness was overwhelming. The fish was great, loved the flavor, and the contrast of the crispy skin and tender interior. Will have to come back to check out the ambiance and try the pork shoulder taco and elotes!Awesome! Got everything on the menu - I think... My favorites were chicken and fish tacos and the corn ... margaritas were also great! Can't wait to return! Great addition to the neighborhood ...Delicious! A little pricey, but amazing food. A bit of a college hotspot right now, so a little loud but amazing ambience. I'd say 3/4 tacos will fill the average person up.Love everything on the menu! Perfect seating fir the pandemic. Wonderful owners and team!Their food was pretty good. Not particularly memorable though. Will say that the spicy pickled onions were great. Fish tacos were probably the best of the 3 I tried (carnitas, green mole), but were just good. The tacos were pretty small though, definitely not very filling at all for their price point. The elote was pretty tasty, but a little too much mayonaise for my taste.
Will say that I love the environment though. Great outdoor vibes. you need to pay for chips and sals though.The food was amazing, the beef melted in my mouth, and the vibe and atmosphere of the restaurant stood out with a unique New Orleans Vibe. The food only took a few minutes, and everything was extremely refreshing. An amazing little place, can't wait for the weather to be better later and go back for happy hour, but the only thing I will add is there is an automatic 18% gratuity.We were so excited to try La Ventana at Val's once we heard that they were finally open! It is a great affordable outdoor dining option with chill and casual vibes. I ordered a Michelada, which was very refreshing and came with the remaining Modelo. We also ordered the elotes and the chips and salsa to start. Although the salsas were delicious, the chips were a little too thick for my liking. The tacos are on the smaller side, but definitely tasty. The meat on the beef and pork tacos was crispy and flavorful, and the sweet potato taco comes with a great spicy salsa. We will definitely be back to try more of the menu as they continue to expand. It gets very busy around peak hours so make sure to go early!We got an assortment of tacos and agreed that everything was delicious. My favorite, though, was the kale and quinoa salad. Very generous portion that can be split between two people easily. The hibiscus margarita also hit the spot. Loved the tortilla chips -- they were thick cut and very fresh out of the fryer.
Service was excellent. Will definitely visit again when I'm back in NOLA.I finally found exceptional Mexican food in NOLA!
Everything I ate here was delicious. Please don't leave without trying the pork shoulder taco 
Service was good and the ambiance was nice. Only thing I'd improve? Please make your beers colder! Mine were like room temperature and kind of a drag to drinkI never leave reviews like this... but I had to because it's New Orleans and this is unacceptable. Only getting 2 stars because of the cool outdoor seating. The food was worse than you'd get at a bar at 2 AM... truly. One of the tacos tasted like hamburger helper and another like dirt I am not kidding. Tortillas were not even cooked... Worst food I have ever had in nola. Great outside seating vibe which is I guess all they were going for with this place. I do not recommend.Met a friend here for happy hour and it was just issue after issue. Waitress couldn't separate our bill ahead of time we had to pay together. My friend ordered a drink and then ordered a 2nd one rather quick so his food would be there with the drink waitress said this was impossible because it was happy hour, so of course the food showed up and she hadn't been back in a while (they weren't busy she was dancing with coworkers by the bar) to take that second drink order so no second round as we ate. The food was good but way over priced for taco's which were small also so you had to order more to make a meal. 
The aesthetic was amazing who ever designed the place did a great job it had a killer vibe with plants everywhere and great colors around.Firstly the outside is stunning. The perfect outdoor dining area to enjoy a warm new orleans day while you take instagram shots that make your followers envious. The interior was decorated just as nice. 
While this restaurant gives off cool instagram photo op vibes the food is not just pretty to look at it was a party for my taste buds too. We started with the octopus ceviche and uni tostados. The ceviche had the perfect amount of acidity and spice and the octopus was fresh and tender. The fish on the tostado was also extremely fresh. I tried to eat the entire tostado in one bite. It was so good. 
For the entree we had fish tacos,  crispy beef belly tacos,  carnitas pork shoulder tabo, pickled onions, and crema. I love pickled onions and I love spice and these were surprisingly really spicy and a great addition to all of the tacos.  The tacos were great! I think my favorite was the crispy fish.  Flaky,  tender, and crunchy.  
We decided to also get the queso fundido. Omg it was so good. It included cheese with peppers and chorizo with a side of flour  tortillas. My guest didn't like the tortillas he said he'd prefer chips but I really liked putting all the cheese inside the flour tortilla. 
Last but not least the service was great.  They were really busy so I thought we'd be waiting a while for food but we definitely did not have to wait. Everything was brought out quickly. Our server was friendly and recommended some great items.  I will be back and I'll bring more people.I love the décor here, very relaxed and easy-going. They have a good happy hour ($5 margaritas) and their tacos are pretty good (just a little expensive ~$4 for a small street taco).Love this spot! The vibes are amazing and food is even better. The chips are the best tortilla chips I've ever had in my life. I got the pork shoulder and chicken tacos and they tasted fresh and amazing. My favorite is the chicken in green mole for sure. I will note that this place is pretty penny but it's well worth it. Our server Jonny C. was super nice and attentive! 10/10 recommend.We came from french quarter to go to Cure. But they did not allow dogs. So we went to Vas. The service is excellent. Very dog friendly. Our dog enjoyed the fake grass. Now for the food, we were not very hungry, but we ordered three dishes. The first was chips and salsa. The chips were very crispy and fried to perfection, typically the chips are golden and aged, these were brown and fresh. The salsa was roasted tomatoes and spicy. Next was the corn, it reminded me about the street corn we had in Mexico. Lastly the fish taco. Crispy fish and the spicy red onions made this a great taco. The beer with tomato juice and spices was refreshing. This is a local spot, glad we tourist found it. The dog loves it so much, he does not want to leave.Tacos were on point. Eloté was delicious. Margs were super fresh and strong. And the atmosphere was fun and chill. Definitely will be back!Nice out door ambience. Great customer service.
Tried all the tacos on the menu and the appetizers are amazing!Great street tacos, margs and ceviche. Also, friendly responsible staff with excellent outdoor dining!So flavorful and delicious! I had a pork taco and a blackened catfish torta and they were both incredible. Really cool contemporary vibe with great outdoor seating and friendly service. Highly recommend, cannot wait to go back!This place is everything right now! I can't get enough of the food or drinks (frozen margaritas, anyone?).When the weather is beautiful, and you're looking for a great tacos, @valsnola is the place to go. This place is very modern, clean, and great for what felt like a great outdoor picnic lol.
The menu is very simple, and yet they seem to always have a special to offer something new. Whether it's a drink, taco or a dish, it always adds a nice surprise!
 I ordered three tacos: beef, pork & sweet potato. Yes, that's right, I said a sweet potato taco, and honestly that was my favorite. The sweet potatoes were great with a crunchy outside and soft inside. The cream was a nice add on and the corona cheese was just a great choice. 
 The "crispy beef belly" taco was heavenly if you love a little pork fat. The "carnitas pork shoulder" was even better!
 I also ordered the "Queso Fundido with Chorizo" which was balanced really well. The chips weren't my favorite, but they weren't the worst. 
 Finally I had their frozen strawberry margarita, which was their daily special and I was not disappointed. 
Michelle was the best. She moved very swiftly and precisely. She definitely catered to all my needs!Val's was moderately busy when I went.  The service was quick and friendly.  I honestly see this more of a place I'd go back to for lunch versus going back for dinner.  The menu is kind of limited and all ordered by a La carte (picture how you order sushi).  I have mixed reviews about the tacos.  I had the Chicken in Green Mole (which was delicious!!) and the Sweet Potato taco which was a bit acquired but not bad.  The verde salsa has a nice kick to it if you like spice, but the chips were a little old.  My date had the beef and pork tacos and loved them (he's a frequent visitor).  Overall, I'd go back for a quick lunch when I don't want much.I stopped by today and they had a nice crowd outside however way too many unmasked people that were too close together for me so I got takeout from the window outside. The inside which is not yet open looked pretty cool. I ordered a Fried Fish Taco and a Crispy Beef Belly Taco, Elotes (On The Cob) and a Frozen Marg. The tacos are only $3 but VERY small as in 2 bites each. I prefer a bit larger even if they cost more. They were decent but nothing special, the elotes were good and the marg was ok. They added 20% onto the check which I don't really get although because of COVID I usually over-tip even for takeout. Just charge more then if it's part of the price. I spent $27 but was still hungry so I went up the street to El Pavo Real and ordered what I feel is much better food. They will be competing with El Pavo, Barracuda and Galaxie and Rosalita's in The Bywater but are just not in the same league. They just opened so who knows but I'm in no rush to go back.If you don't like tacos, I'm nacho type ‍
... just kidding, but on a serious note, who doesn't LOVE tacos?!
The ambience here is great, with hipster vibes just like the rest of Freret street. ‍ Tacos range from $3-4 dollars each, along with a range of cocktails to choose from. The sweet potato has to be most favorite, as it has a BBQ-like taste to it, and the potatoes were cooked crispy to perfection. Second to that, would be the crispy fish, and if you love tartar-this might be your fav. The beef taco was quite okay though, just wayyy too crispy and a lil dry for me. 
As for the appetizers, I highly recommend the elotes, they're pretty classic tasting imo which I like. The chips and salsa- tatemado (charred tomato) and cremosa has a good spicy kick to it, but if I were to choose between either- it has to be tatemado!  The queso was pretty good too, as it's more of a layered cheese and meat type of dish.  
Follow me on IG to get more on the NOLA food scoop: @piggieats_We had a pleasant experience talking over tacos and drinks.  Smartly casual and lots of open space.We went on a Thursday night and it was packed, but we only waited 10 minutes for a table. The service was incredible and they even have a walk up window where you can order drinks while you wait and a reserved area for those waiting for tables! The food was wonderful and everything was served perfectly and quickly! Our server was so kind and helpful, quick but not rushing us!Bar tender made a kickazz old fashioned. The flan was tasty. Cool joint. We had fun just hanging out.Sorry for the pictures.  We were inside and the lighting was dim.  We liked Vals ok.  Just across the board okness.
The atmosphere is great.  And if you can swing a table outside on a nice evening, Vals is hard to beat for the atmosphere and people watching.  For me, there is more value in the ambiance than food.
For tacos, I had the pork shoulder and crispy beef.  The crispy beef for me was a clear winner.  Easily my best bite of the night.  The pork shoulder and fish taco were kind of blah.  
We had the queso with chips and dip.  Both were pretty decent but did not stand out in any particular way.  
I would go back to Vals for a dinner but more so to enjoy the outdoor dining than for the food.Over priced but absolutely delicious, so I hate to admit it but it's worth the price.  Order the chorizo queso, and literally any taco I've tried them all.The tacos are fantastic and the service is so quick. Great vibe and even better margs.Such a cute lunch spot on Ferret right across the street from my one of my favorite cafes (Mojo)! I read the reviews ahead of time and opted for outdoor seating. It was in the low 80s today but because we were in a shaded area, it was still pretty cool.
Appetizers: We got the guacamole and salsa which were a nice start to help quench our hanger but the star and my personal favorite was the elote. I love corn and it's even better slathered in mayo and cheese. The kernels were roasted to perfection, came right off the cob, and surprisingly I didn't have any issues with any of it getting stuck in my teeth.
Tacos: Our waiter recommended the fish and beef tacos so we rolled with it and got 2 of each. A little pricey at $3 a piece but great flavor! There was a nice savory bite with the beef and a slight kick with the fish.
Overall great atmosphere and great food! I would definitely recommend.Went here for a taco Tuesday and was not disappointed! Tacos were great (fish tacos were my favorite). Margaritas were good, not the strongest but definitely tasty. 4/5 stars because they are a bit pricey.The food was great however incredibly overpriced. Who charges for chips and salsa? $11 for a Marg that's like 4 ounce? $9 for ONE tuna tostadas? Would made these prices. We ordered two orders thinking it would be at least 3 in each order because that's the normal amount that comes with the order and for that price that's what is expected but instead it was two extremely tiny tostadas. Incredibly disappointing. The tacos are the only thing worth the it on the menu. Also they charge automatically 20 percent tip which is no problem because I tip that anyways but the audacity to say on the menu "we have this because our servers deserve a fair wage" so maybe YOU should be paying your servers more!?This is an awesome spot, I loved the outdoor atmosphere! Cheap and tasty tacos with good margs--you can't beat it!