Scratching my head on the reviews for this one.  My wife and I went there to eat the great po boys.   The place looks bad.  When you walk in you see it is very cramped.  There were two people behind the register smoking and they looked like they didn't want to be there.  We went to the back and was about to order the po boys.  My wife saw a roach on the floor and said lets get out of here.  We left fast past the large signs that stated... cash only...  forget this place folks.Stopped in based on the recommendation of someone and got the all that jazz. Very tasty and the sandwich is massive. Only deducting a star because they only take cashNever even imagined to get the best oyster Po boy in New Orleans from the little, somewhat shady-looking corner deli. The oyster Po boy was amazing, and the sauce was very tasty. It's also HUGE! It possibly is bigger than my pillow ;) 
There were like close to a dozen oysters on my Po boy. Yum!This place is run by some of the most incredible people I have ever dealt with. My wife and I were driving in on a Sunday night/Monday morning after covering a soccer tournament in Atlanta. I called them Sunday afternoon to order food to be delivered to our hotel when we got to New Orleans. I spoke to a sweet young lady named Tanya who cheerfully took my order and said it would be ready to be delivered when we got to our hotel. We got to our hotel at 3:10 am........yes I said 3:10 am. The gentleman who answered the phone knew all about our order and said it would be there in fifteen minutes. The delivery guy was there at 3:30 am sharp. On top of the great service, the sandwiches were EPIC!!!!! From now on.......this place is our first stop when we hit New Orleans. They are good people with old school service and quality!!!This place is really a diamond in the rough...
Whoever thought the back of a run-down corner market would have the best mufalettas, lasagna and stuffed potato!Great food. Got the fried shrimp po boy dressed. It's huge so we split it. But the bread is so light that you can easily eat both halves if you're hungry.From the looks of the little shop you wouldn't think that they served amazing sandwiches. I am definitely happy we stopped. We split an All that jazz sandwich (it was ginormous) and it was delicious. We are only here five days and will most likely be stopping in for another sandwich before we leave.This place is the bomb, like everyone say it is. The bread is not the traditional French bread but with sesame on it. Even better, service is quick. Remember cash only. I had the Royal with their WOW sauce. I got a to go menu. I can try other stuff...yummyNew Orleans Loooooossssiiiiiiiaaaaannnaaaaaa! I love this frrkkn town. Ya know? This is one deliciously sordid place ya'll this NOLA place ya'll and I just gotta tell ya.... That there is a spiritual side to this town. It lives past the neon voodoo wampus wild ruckus and the over-the-top Bourbon experience and the spirit lives on the quiet streets where there is a late night hush. And you walk, and walk and the city streets if you listen.. yes these streets WILL talk. 
Absinthe in a plastic cup and I wander and listen and there is a beauty here and even if I may be alone when I am walking in Nawlin's I am never really alone. Each home I pass has its own story and I write the lines of the lives of those who live there although I do not know them. And the streetlights reflect the rainbow oil from the glistening streets of that old devil time pushin' the hands towards 2 am. Ya feel me?
And then upon the darkened streets of walk walk walk I see the glowing lights of Verti Marte appear out of the dark as a shimmering mirage and there is life here! Traffic! Beer and FOOD! Oh what could await here?
I'll tell you oh fellow hungry travelers of the sleepless night. This is the power lift of a the POBOY sammich family made just to soothe the savage beast that is YOUR friendly neighborhood Madman:
Royal Feast for ONLY $10.00 !!!! Grilled Roast Beef, Turkey and Ham, topped with Hot Pepper Jack Cheese, black Olives,grilled Mushrooms and WOW sauce. On French Only.
HOHOHO! HOT DAMN brothas and sistas this is ONE MORE DAMN LATE NIGHT RELIGIOUS EXPERIENCE! ROYAL FEAST BABY! DO YOU HEAR? With a tall cool can of DIXIE LAGER. The WOW sauce is frrkkn stupid good!!
The folks that run this place late at night are really good sports too. This place is an oasis in the middle of lonely night... But patrons beware... the streets in the vicinity are haunted.  Ole' Nick Cage is known to float about with his unruly self doing that bad Elvis Presley impersonation for every character he has ever portrayed onscreen including himself. LUV YA NICK! JUST FUNNIN"!. If I see ya..hey! Dixie Lager on me! Just between us though Nick... How did you totally blow it with Priscilla Presley ? WTH? Wasn't she the ultimate Elvis collectible? 
NEVERMIND! Verti Marte is the stop to make when you are late night culture vulture aspiring. Just watch out for the local "haints". HINT: Some are still living so beware!
Verti Marte. You can actually eat the NOLA culture in this place. Everything is good. And if Patsy Cline and I were walking after midnight, I know we would end up here.I recommend the All That Jazz poboy to everyone visiting the city lookong for an awesome meal. It's loaded with shrimp, cheese, meat and sauce. The BEST!Hey Nick, what's that spot on your shirt?
Oh... that... definitely not drool.
So, um... why did you drool on yourself?
Oh, you know... powerhouses and all that jazz.
Do we need to make a visit to a mental health professional?
Would he be willing to commit me... to the Verti Marte?
Yes Nick, anything you say. 
As it turns out, I was not committed to the Verti Marte... I just ended up there at least once a day. The food was the best. The food was the cheapest. The walk across the French Quarter to get there was needed to burn off a fraction of the calories consumed there. 
Treat yo self: Verti Marte.this is the best place in the Quarter to get your poboy fix. it's cash only and sometime the line can be long but definitely worth the wait. try the oyster poboy!A hidden gem tucked away on Royal st. Good food, delivers, and always open. Call ahead if you're in a hurry. The kitchen staff could be friendlier, though.Forget your diet...Shrimp po boy dressed on French. Bring a friend it is a huge sandwich. No seating, you are getting your food to go.All That Jazz a must try for anyone who visits the Big Easy... we had it twice in four days.  They even deliver and was a great addition to our UW vs. LSU tailgate up in Baton Rouge, do not miss!I work in the quarter and i order from Verti Marte. I love the crab cakes and meatloaf. The mash potatoes are awesome. I cant wait to try everything else :)Doesn't look like anything special from outside but this deli is LEGIT.  They've got a deli case full of entrees and they make some phenomenal sandwiches.   We grabbed some beers and our sandwiches and headed over to the park. Everything was great.  The staff was also friendly, patient and quick!Our typical stop is for po' boys at Verti Marte. Locals find it weird we know about the place, as its unassuming facade and confined space looks like nothing an out-of-towner would want to venture into for food. Moving past the cramped shelves to the back counter we placed our orders. My favorite is a shrimp and oyster po' boy, but others like the "All That Jazz" featuring grilled shrimp and mushrooms in Creole mustard with ham, turkey, Swiss & American cheese, tomato and "wow" sauce.  This is take-out only, so we just eat it on the curbs and stoops surrounding the place.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Verti Marte has been my go-to when it comes to where should I get my po-boy when visiting New Orleans. 
Last time I was here it was around lunch time and it was very much your typical deli rush, in-and-out, get out of the way type of scene. However, this past time I came through it was a little earlier and my girlfriend and I got to talk to some of the employees and they were really nice! The cashier went above and beyond to ensure that we ordered our sandwiches correctly and were getting what we wanted. 
I went for the traditional fried shrimp po-boy but my friends swear by the all that jazz.Verti Marte makes THE best fried shrimp po boy!!!  You get lots of crispy fried shrimp served on a large, crusty, seeded french roll, dressed with ripe, juicy tomato slices, crunchy lettuce, and deliciously spicy mayo.  Hot damn!Open late night and a good place to go if you need some food after a night at the clubs. Tasty philly cheesesteak and jambalaya FTW! No atmosphere to speak of. It looks like a gas station on the inside.This place is a total hole in the wall. But amazing find!! Ordered the "all that Jazz" sandwich and let me tell you, it was to die for. I am allergic to mushrooms and had to order it without them, but the sandwich was still amazing! Probably best meal I've had in NOLA so far. So happy to have found this gem.Wow. The Jazz & Ernie's Powerhouse. Each bite is its own experience. I'm so glad a kind local told us where we could get a great sandwich. Perfection.I'm not a huge meat eater, but i tried the All That Jazz and it was absolutely delicious. Can split between 3 people! couldn't finish a half!Amazing Po-Boy! We enjoyed the "All that Jazz". At the cooks suggestion we shared it between 2 and thank goodness for that! It might be cash only but there is an ATM in store.The food is awesome and cheap. However, late night delivery is not very reliable. I have tried (keyword tried) to get delivery from here twice and never got my food. Conclusion, the food is delicious but it would probably benefit your hungry tummy to go in and pick it up rather than trying to have it delivered.If I had a 24 hour deli in my neighborhood like this I would be in trouble! This place has a million options from deli sammies to omelets. They make it fresh while you wait in the tiny store. I got an All That Jazz which was $12 and giant! It had ham, turkey, and shrimp with cheese, mushrooms, lettuce and some sauce. I had the sandwich for breakfast before leaving NOLA, and then again for lunch on my layover. Definitely worth the price! 
Don't be turned away by the plain exterior because my sandwich was amazing.The All That Jazz is one of the greatest PoBoys in a city of amazing food. If you're staying in the FQ they deliver. They can deliver a bottle of booze, smokes, a poboy and a bag of Zappa with a Barq's. A must visit!Just order the 'All That Jazz' and you'll understand what a five star po-boy means. Tiny little corner market with a deli that only takes cash but it is well worth it. They are a bit pricy but the locals were not complaining.Went around lunch time while exploring the French Quarter.  Not much of a line I ordered the All that jazz and the wife had the Royal.  20 minutesseems to be the going rate on how long it takes to get your order here.  Took the monstrosities back to the hotel and chowed down.  The all that jazz was just ok.  My wife didnt care for the Royal at all.  This place had better bread than most places i went for por boys but it still wasnt that good (maybe ima.snob and used to NY bread)OMG!!  i randomly tried verti marte with my friends 3:00 the other morning and it was great, even the next day when i woke up to reheat the sandwich lol.. I had the "Ernie burger" just melts in your mouth. Its Must try when in new orleans areaUnbelievable po' boys. Prices are very fair. Zero ambiance, but its actually more of a corner market/convenience store, so I didn't expect anything decorative or romantic.  The staff are to-the-point and personable.  There is really nowhere to stand while you wait in the narrow aisles for your sandwich, especially if it is busy. We basically ate from here every night on our trip, even if we'd already had a "nice dinner" at a restaurant. (Yes, its that good. And open late for 2nd dinner!)  It is right across the street from the Lalaurie Mansion, so expect to see a tour group outside.  
I got the fried shrimp and oyster po' boy dressed most often.  We also got blackened shrimp dressed. Both wonderful.  Enough to pig out on or keep leftover for another meal. They also sell their excellent french bread and basic condiments in the shop, so we made our own po' boys back at the B&B stuffed with leftovers of a seafood plate from another restaurant we visited in Slidell.  On our way to the airport, we bought po' boys to take home for us and for friends. Still delicious after our 5 hour flight and made me want to jump on the first flight back to NOLA.Bomb ass tasty club sandwich custom made and pecan pie! So cheap and super friendly people who work there...open 24 7 I didnt kno rhisnplace was so good...after party snack must!Recently ate an All That Jazz, didn't seem to be as good as they were back in the mid 90's when I first discovered the place through some French actors who were staying across the street from the place. Best 24 hour deli in the city, though I must admit I haven't tried a few of the other places in the quarters. The service is hit or miss depending on the mood of the cooks, order takers and cashiers. They are in the Quarters open 24 hours a day dealing with god knows what so I give them a pass on surly attitudes. Usually they'll treat you nice one they get to know you.All that Jazz is the best sandwich in the city hands down! Order fresh food 24 hours a day! Order ahead! Tip the cook!Went back last year for the first time since the fire.  Looks great!  But I do miss its somewhat time-worn vibe.
But it's like they hired some SF or NY foodie douchebag as a consultant, 'cause the food seems to be fancied up where it didn't need to be (po' boys not on standard Leidenheimer bread; "dressed" included creole mustard, etc.).  Maybe some of this has to do with Ms. Theresa Shezbie passing away (peace and blessings be upon her and her son Derek from ReBirth).   And prices are up about a buck across the board.
Still gets 4 stars out of 5.  But it used to get 7 stars out of 5.  *sigh*Great spot to grab a sandwhich. They take orders over the phone and offer pick up and delivery (only in the quarter). I got the shrimp philly and it was awesome. This place is cash only by the way!I just moved to New Orleans, and I know I really ought to be exploring more and trying all it has to offer...but I just can't stop going to Verti Marte. I've even made it a personal goal to try every single thing on the menu. But I can't stop ordering the fucking shrimp philly. There's not much more to say here, really. Trust the reviews and hit it up.
Don't buy their overpriced groceries, though.
EDIT: I hate to do this, but I gotta share my experiences with Yelp. I've repeatedly been charged more than the listed price for sandwiches. I wouldn't complain about paying $12 (!) for a shrimp po' boy if I knew that's what I was paying. But you order for one price off the menu, and get an entirely other price when you're checking out. I guess they've raised their prices (a lot) and neglected to update their menu.
Leaving aside the fact that $12 is way too much for a sandwich from a deli (no matter how delicious), it's just in very, very poor taste to charge customers more than the listed price. I mean, c'mon. I've worked in the service industry and you don't do that. You just don't. Ever. The employees have been very nice about it and even hooked me up one time because they felt bad. And that deserves some good will. But I'm inclined to put up with the situation only so many times before I feel like going elsewhere, where I know I'm getting what I order. Verti Marte still gets three stars from me for unrivaled deliciousness, but I'm afraid they've lost me as a customer.
A couple other notes of interest:
Much of their meat is frozen. Delicious, but frozen.
There are no prices on any of their beer or wine, making it extremely difficult to shop for. The guys working will be happy to give you the price of anything, of course, but it's frustrating when you're looking for a good budget red. Not to mention that their alcohol prices aren't the best.
EDIT 2: Okay, they are still pulling this shit. And they're charging extra for cheese on sandwiches that come with cheese. And one of their employees is a total confrontational asshole. I swear I'd usually never write a review like this, but Verti Marte has legit broken my heart. Jerks.Okay food, horrible customer service. My husband ordered food while I hung outside, since it was small, guy told me not to stand by his motorcycle, so I moved inside then he yelled at me there. Food was average.A bit disappointed about the po-boys (both oysters and fried shrimp).  It's very homey feel, staff was very nice.  Poboy bread is not toasted.  Shrimp and oyster  fried nicely.  But, underwhelmed considering this was suggested by a local.WARNING !
The food is still good and the prices are right; BUT, the counter service has declined to the point that I'm not going back.  
The rudeness of the order-taker is now astronomical and he never gets the orders right any more.  
And worse, I  was threatened by a rude customer yesterday !
This is just too unpleasant to endure, no matter how good the food is !
Caveat Diner !
RickOkay... I've been coming to New Orleans for years and this is by far one of the best po-boys I have ever had. I won't even relay or suggest that it was because it was alcohol induced hunger... But this place is the real deal. There's literally over 50 sandwiches for you to pick and choose from and its range is wide! You can even get salads. The best part is that it's 24/7. I got the shrimp and oyster po boy and my friends, you can't go wrong. Why choose one of you can get both!!! Also, they are huge so share one, or don't, you won't regret this at all!!!!!!!!AHHHHHH-MAZING!! 
All that jazz! Worth the CHF. Worth the added water weight. Worth the calories. 
I was nervous about the shrimp thinking it may be a little fishy. But nope!!!! Perfect texture. Ooeygooey goddess of love. This is the king, lord, holy grail of sandwichesAfter loyally ordering for almost a year I can say a true 5 star Deli. 24 hour delivery of the best sandwiches in New Orleans. All that Jazz & Shrimp Philly for 2. Great fries and sides. Friendly people who answer your call and deliver. Need some sodas and Tylenol?  No problem. Tampons and whipped cream?  "We gotcha baby."  They can do no wrong.We found out about this place by accident. We were waiting in line at Cafe Du Monde when I bicycle delivery guy parked his bike next to us to deliver his cargo to employees at Cafe Du Monde. I read the receipt taped to the outside of the bags that were still on the bike and decided that if the locals were eating it, then it must be worth a try. They did not disappoint! The menu was extensive so it took me a while to decide on what to get. I got the fried oyster and shrimp sandwich and my boyfriend got the fried catfish sandwich. My mouth is watering whilst I am writing this review, as I am reminiscing about the flavor explosion. I am pretty sure that my boyfriend had an entire catfish on his sandwich, sans head and scales, I have never seen a fillet that huge! OMG both sandwiches were seasoned to perfection! I told all of my friends about this place when I returned to school. I am coming back here during mardi gras!The food at this place is easily 4 out of 5 stars. However the service is 0 out 10 stars for me. The only saving grace is the food and the older gentlemen at the cash register of the mini mart. The workers in the food section of the store seem to always have an attitude and come off like the customer is a burden. I'm definitely not asking for a coke and a smile when I'm ordering food but common courtesy goes a long way and their lack of customer service is the reason I will never support this place AGAIN! Support those who are appreciative of your dollars.Verti Marte, I love you but you're so hot and cold about delivering past Franklin Ave. some days you're enthusiastic about it, and on other days it's that one jerk who answers the phone and refuses to deliver to the marigny.Review for the deli:  Of all my personal friends, none had recommended Verti, but I still went based on the high reviews on Yelp... I've believe it's now become overly hyped based on the jacked up prices alone.  I had both the shrimp & oyster po' boy and the chicken fried steak on french bread.  The CFS was one of the best I've had and the shrimp n oyster po was good too, just not great.  My shocker was that each was $10+ ($23 with one water and tax).   Granted they are huge (you could buy one and be satisfied for 2 ppl) but with some shops offering similar for $5 - $7 and jazz fest po boys being $5, I didn't see the value here.   Didn't have hot sauce to go was another miss...  
The let me know they now close at 12 - no longer 24 hrs.   
BTW folks this is a bodega/corner grocery shop - you can also get your  condiments, wine, breads etc.I've asked him a half of the regular size and my request was denied.... In the end... I eat it all!What can I say. I go where the good food is and sometimes it's not all the prettiest but I've always said that the hole in the wall spots have the best food. Came here during Mardi Gras this year as it was suggested by my family as the best po-boys in town. I had the fried catfish po boy, others had the fried shrimp po boy and the turkey po boy with cheese. All of the sandwiches were excellent. Make sure you get the French bread also and whatever toppings you like?? Except to spend between $15-$30 for two sandwiches and a drink. Worth the price honestly. Also only cash is accepted so no debit/credit!! Also, it's a grab n go so no inside seating. I definitely endorse this place.This little hole in the wall place is EVERYTHING! I love all the sandwiches and the prices are perfect and they are so filling, there's no where to eat you have to take it to go. It's a tiny little market on the corner near the French quarter . 
Every time we go to NO we stop and get a sandwich or two! 
Stop in and check it out you won't regret it !I hate the wait at Verti Marte but I love the sandwiches. The muffalata is tall and briney, the "All That Jazz" is bacon and shrimp and cheese (I WANT ONE NOW), and  I would try everything they have if I lived in the French Quarter. If I go back any time soon, I'm getting bread pudding, a shrimp and oyster sandwich, and a side of broccoli casserole. 
***I enjoyed my experience because I am studying Buddhism and therefore have this personal mission to pursue patience. If you have patience issues, or a time issue, don't even go close to here. I'm not judging, I just know  you'll hate it.Definitely a hole in the wall. The deli is in the back. We called in our order, very very friendly service. **Cash only** I was told I just had to have a po boy before leaving Nola, so I went for it. We had the all that jazz po boy and their brisket plate. The po boy is super messy and super delicious. I wouldn't have stepped into this place but the locals talked it up and I'm glad I went. The brisket is also so soft but if I were to ever come back I'll try another sandwich.This spot was a total life saver! I truly would not have survived  a single night in NOLA without Verti Marte being open 24/7 and also making the most amazing subs and breakfast biscuits!Such a unique little shop. I was a little overwhelmed at first by how much was crammed into the space but I think it adds character. The MTO sandwiches in the back are huge and delicious. They offer a huge selection of sandwiches and other MTO meals. You can also buy individual cans of beer and other snacks.So for a late night poboy you really cannot find anything better. It's a good price for the quality and quantity you get. They do only take cash though so keep that in mind! Will be going back in the very near future. Probably tomorrow.Simple: grilled shrimp po boy, side of dirty rice, Abita lemon wheat out of a paper bag - under $15.  Perfection.I just wanna thank ppl on yelp for uploading pics hahaha I got the all that jazz sandwich and WOW amazing!!!! Packed full of meat & flavor, I love bodegas and this one had a wide selection of food and combos not just sandwiches. Highly recommendAll that jazz is a whole lot of soggy delicious.
3.5/5 for sandwich and 4.5/5 for being made in a corner storeFirst to time to NOLA.  Came here with my fiance.  He was dying to come here and mentioned this place many times during our trip.  "We need to go to Verti Marte!"
So on our last night, we stopped in.  And damn....my only regret is that we did not come earlier and more often....
The food is absolutely AMAZING.  The BEST in NOLA I would say.  
As many have stated, the All That Jazz is an amazing sandwich. Let me repeat that: AMAZING. It's huge, tasty, and a heart attack waiting to happen. It might cost 12 bucks, but it is totally worth it. 
I can't believe this place is open 24/7. Fantastic.
I would definitely agree.  This sandwich is truly the best sandwich I have ever had.  My fiance was right on.  The Dirty Rice is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD.  You will not be disappointed.  Spicy~!
I do think they should make this place a restaurant rather than just a deli/grocery shop.  Small business and love it!
As another one of my friends said about this place.....FOOD OF THE GODS!!!!
And he was telling the truth.  You must try this place.  You will be hooked like I was.It is what it's cracked up to be! Go here! Get an "All That Jazz" (surprised to enjoy what I think was American cheese on it...the horror) and muffalletta (super salty goodness, like your sucking on a dolphin snout salty) Crowded, dark, dusty, good beer selection and good sandwiches. We were there during the "off season" for tourists so there was barely a wait.The food here is SO GOOD. The service is also HORRIBLE. The place is cash only and the employees do not believe in customer service. I like the shrimp philly sandwich so much I usually come anyways. My last experience was unusually horrid. After waiting in line for 20-30 minutes, the cook just announces the kitchen was closed and would not serve me or the other six people in line. I felt bad for the three guys in front of me. All three men placed an order and the cook only made one sandwich. When asked why the kitchen was suddenly closed, the cook said "I feel like cleaning". Ridiculous!This place looked like the perfect Yelp find, but i was left a bit disappointed in the end. I chose what seems to be the most recommended item, the All That Jazz sandwich. To me it just tasted like the shrimp was thrown on, and they didnt do anything to season it. He whole sandwich just was much more bland than i had anticipated, and the bread (and tomato, oddly enough) was very dry. I must say, the side order items in the case looked delicious, so this place would probably be awesome for an accompaniment to a bbq or picnic meal. I also wasnt impressed with the ordering/payment system or the customer service for that matter. Idk, i might go again, but not so sure. Wasnt a memorable first impression.Do not be deceived by appearances, this hole-in-the-wall "convenience" store serves up some of the best food I've had yet. Well sure, anything after midnight and several drinks tastes good, but holy cow. 
Do me a favor and try their catfish and jambalaya, you won't regret it!
While you're there, settle in on Nick Cage's stoop across the street. My friends and I not only took in some tasty eats, but learned all about the haunted homes in the neighborhood from the late night carriage tours.
P.S. - They deliever anywhere in New Orleans! 24/7!It's a freaking sandwich and some small mini mart on a back street. How good could it be? MIND BLOWING, that's how good. 
Best sandwich I ever had and that's a lot from someone who doesn't even get excited about a sandwich. 
This place is now on my must have every time I go to NOLA!Only reason not 5 stars is bc it's a cramped, tiny corner store. Based on reviews picked up a shrimp po boy from here instead of all the competitors. The Lady over the phone wanted to talk me into the famous ALL THAT JAZZ but after a weekend of too much alcohol and rich foods, I decided that it was just too busy for what I needed at that moment. Perfect po boy with wow sauce. One of the best things I had all weekend. Should have come here much sooner.I had to try this place no matter what when I saw and read the reviews. Dirty whole in the walls are my kinda place, and sure this what it was.  Woke up at 8am to get ready and I got my walk on from burgundy st and back. And the walk is well worth it. Sandwiches  weigh like a newborn baby and just as big. Out of the few sandwiches I Orderded, the jazz sandwich is my favorite. A must again if I visit NOLA again.This is a total hole-in the wall, which makes it so authentic. The All that Jazz was a medley of salty meat and cheese goodness...and of course the po boys were very tasty.  The sandwiches are very big so definitely get a few and share it family-style.Ok this is it Verti Marte I am done with you. I'm done with your claustrophobic isles. I'm done with your inconsistent food. I'm done with your cash only. I'm done with giving a twenty dollar bill and getting back six dollars for a sandwich and a drink. Sam has ruined this place and good luck getting out of there alive if they ever catch fire again. IM DONELOVE this place. You have to sit on the curb, but that's all part of the experience. The food is top-notch. Go in the middle of the night and maybe you'll overhear the haunted tours as you eat on the corner. Also, SUPER CHEAP!By far, THE BEST meatball po'boy I've ever had, and I'm from New York City where we (mistakenly) call them "subs". Perhaps we call them "subs" because they are sub-par?
The meatballs are to die.  The bread is to die. The price is to die.
The meatball is my standard but I'll certainly try this mysterious All That Jazz thing when I return. Hell yeah!
*UPDATE*
The All That Jazz sandwich is truly "All That." So is the mac & cheese, the creole chicken, the scalloped potatoes, the chicken parm, the country-fried steak and the (shockingly fresh & crunchy) green beans. Those are indeed "green beans" and NOT "string beans". I know this now because the counterman corrected me thusly. He actually corrected me directly after a kindly older gentleman customer reprimanded me for not sporting any Saints-wear the day after the Big Win. 
The moral of the story is: learn the lingo before you go and NEVER take off your Saints cap.
God, how I love the Marte, so.This is one of my favorite places to go in NOLA! It's a locals secret and definitely well worth it. They have the best po boys and jambalaya. I'm not gonna lie, I was there a few days and chose to go back for a couple meals instead of going elsewhere. It's that GOOD!When you are a lazy slob laying on your comfortable bed at a swank hotel looking for great Po Boys and sandwiches delivered to your doorstep...Verti Marte is the place to hit up. 
From what I hear there is only standing room to eat. It wouldn't be an issue if it wasn't 50 degrees outside. 
All that jazz is a great sandwich that had a bit of everything. Shrimp, ham, cheese... 
The shrimp and oyster po boy had great seasoning. 
It will do the trick if you're starving and tired of eating saucy creole food.The food was amazing.  The royal feast sandwich and the gumbo were great. 
The only reason I'm putting four stars is because I didn't like that the gumbo was microwaved in plastic Styrofoam.This place. Well didn't start off great because we couldn't even find the door. We saw people inside and didn't know how to get where we desperately wanted to be. Finally we made it inside. Don't expect any fancy welcome or anything. Just order your sandwich over the too-high-to-see-over counter top. One sandwich will work for two people. All That Jazz really is as good as everyone says. We got two bottles beers they put in a bag and we sat on the curb and ate. It was magical.If I could give 0 stars I would. I'm visiting New Orleans and thank god this place has a lot of tourists. I spoke to the most rude lady on the phone. She wouldn't even let me complete my sentence before talking over me. If she works there often the only way the reviews are this high has to be because of all the tourists that make not as frequent visits. Awful.You order at the back of the mini market & pay at the register that's near the front. It's cash only. Asked a Nola native what they would recommend & he suggested ordering "All that Jazz." OMG, the sandwich is heaven! Definitely a sandwich that I will be day dreaming about back in the bay.If your in the French Quarter you NEED to go here for some really incredible food at cut rate prices. The "All That Jazz" is a bit of gooey sandwich heaven (seriously who wouldn't like to try a sandwich made of  grilled ham, turkey & shrimp, swiss & american cheese with grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, on grilled french bread with  "Wow Sauce" that REALLY makes you go WOW!) or the ample portioned Chicken Fried Steak will give you more bang for your buck. You can even take it on the road and go down to Moonwalk a couple blocks south and watch the ships come in as you eat.
Its a hidden gem.Best drunk food ever!!! My husband and I ordered the "all that jazz" and it was amazing!  A HUGE sub filled with shrimp, ham, turkey, cheese, and mushrooms. Hot, gooey, and delicious.  You'll definitely want to share unless you have a big appetite!OMG! This was some of the best food I had in New Orleans! First off, make sure that you have cash, as that is all they take, but you should need less than $30 for 2 people and have some left over.
I read about this place on a lot of different review sites and they all said this was the place to get Po Boys. Boy, was it! I was torn between the shrimp and oyster, and the "All That Jazz." I ended up with All That Jazz. It was amazing.
Be prepared to get messy! The wow sauce that they put on this is excellent, but is smothered all over it. It was seeping through the wrap before I even paid for it! Not only was there a TON of sauce, but it was HUGE! This will certainly satisfy any level of appetite that you can throw at it.
There is no dining area at this location, but I found just by walking a few blocks, there was seating at the French Market along the river. If you are in town, go and eat here, it should not be missed!