This is a must stop in NOLA! Food and cocktails were fantastic! We only stopped for apps and drinks the fries, flatbread, cheese plate and fish dip were stellar!Wonderful experience!  Fabulous venue.  Delicious food. Only problem was we couldn't find it! We didn't realize it was in an old church
A group of six diners had a really outstanding meal! Definitely recommend the homemade cheeses, esp the ricotta with truffle.  The smoked fish dish was also wonderful. For entrees we had the mussels, Caesar salad, octopus, fettuccine and oil braised chicken. Each dish was unique and each was delicious. 
We can't wait to go back!Had to go with a work group and they picked it for the novelty of a former church now being used as restaurant and bar. Limited options for vegetarians and virtually nothing for vegans. Portions were small and pricey. Much better options in NOLA.On the advice of a local, we visited Vessel for a late evening dinner.  Our waiter, Louis, was extremely helpful with both food and beverage suggestions.  I have to say the brown butter fries were my favorite, but all the other items my party and I had were delicious.  They make many things like cheese and sorbet in house.  We enjoyed the dinner so much, we returned the next night for more!Can't review this place too much. I went on a Friday night at 8pm for some drinks at the bar. The ambience was really nice but loud. I ordered a Tom Collins which was a bit watered down. 
Would go again.Very cool and weird place. I loved my meal and the entire experience. A bit on the slow side for a very not busy night.Nice bar, food was average, portions were small. Would be a great place to grab drinks, but not up to par for dining. 
Fish dip- tasty
Pickle plate- good but minuscule portions
Chicken Caesar salad- hardly any chicken and tasteless dressing 
Mussels- inexplicable thick red gravy that did not compliment the mussels 
Prediction- sad to see another restraunt fail at this unique location....This Vessel isn't going to make it.Shrimp and grits were delectable! Menu is limited for brunch, but I also have had the cheeseburger before and it's delectable as well! Drinks are great! Great music! Kinda busy today, seems they may need more staff.The building is amazing, the staff is great , and the food is good. Great for drinks and appetizers.Four of us ate here on a Friday night. This restaurant is just beautiful. It is in an old, renovated church. We had reservations, so we were seated immediately. Billy, our server, was awesome. We had a lot of food. We started out with some brown butter garlic fries. Yummy! Some of us shared a bibb lettuce salad. It was very good. Others ordered the crispy pork belly, risotto with smoked rabbit, fennel, wild mushroom, and pomegranate. Both were delicious. We also had the cheeseburger with a fried egg on top and the butcher's cut of prime beef, which happened to be a hangar steak. All of it was very delicious. We really enjoyed all of our food. We ordered dessert, bread pudding with chartreuse ice cream. It took a while for it to come, so we ended up telling them, no big deal, just cancel the order. Billy was very nice about it. The manager came over and went above and beyond. We ended up getting the dessert, but to make up for our trouble, we were comped the dessert and a round of drinks. It was absolutely not necessary, but was greatly appreciated. Great customer service!!! The bread pudding was very good, but the chartreuse ice cream was outstanding! Different, but outstanding!!! It was a great dining experience. I look forward to our next visit! Highly recommend!!!Food is pretty good. Customer service is only okay. Food took a long time and our server was not attentive. We finished our plates wanting to order dessert but we just sat there for 15-20 minutes in a half full restaurant waiting for our severs attention. All in all it's good but service killed the experience.
Didn't order the fries but man they looked amazing.Not the same old place. Food is exceptionally pleasing to the palette. The flavor combinations stand alone on the upper tier of mid-city dining. Staff and service match the excitement of the dishes.Really cool ambience and diverse cocktail menu. The pork belly was awesome and I recommend hanging out at the bar.Vessel NOLA is a cool looking place. It used to be a church which is still evident in the building/decor. We had a group of 6 visit on a Saturday evening and it was a terrible experience. Service was sooooo slow. We arrived at 7pm and it was after 9pm when we got our food. To top that off, the food wasn't worth the wait. The pasta was way undercooked, the french fries were overcooked, and the mac & cheese wasn't cheesy. For some odd reason, they chose to use chicken thighs on the crispy chicken sandwich. Terrible mistake! The sandwich had the potential to be great if only chicken breasts were used instead. The drinks were okay. However, the waitress gave some members of our group free drinks for the wait...but not all. I'm not sure what the criteria was, but we all were waiting for food. Overall, it was a long and tiring experience. I will not be returning.Unique menu.  I had the mussels and fries and tuna.  They were both great.  Loved our waiter Luis, he introduced us to the sazerac and my husband has been downing them since!Went here with a group before a concert last week. Had a great time. They sat our party of 6 immediately as we had made an open table reservation beforehand. The specialty cocktails were great. The Angels envy drink with cold pressed coffee was especially good and I've never had anything like it before. The ambiance was nice and the music was at a good volume. We were very impressed with the scotch selection as well. The smoked fish dip was excellent and so was the Lamb Bolognese. Didn't get to go outside because of the cold weather but the patio looked nice too. We will absolutely be back.Oh wow, this place was incredible! We went for brunch and everything was delicious! I had some of the most amazing waffles I've ever had and my husband had a unique eggs benedict. The mimosas were great as well and service was wonderful. This place definitely isn't in the heart of New Orleans like bourbon street restaurants and other busy places but it is a nice change of pace and we thoroughly enjoyed it! Wish I could have gone back.This place is amazing. 
First off, the location is a unique experience itself. It's located in a beautiful old church that was restored after some damage from Katrina. It's over 100 years old originally. 
Secondly, both the food and drinks are fantastic. My boyfriend and I had five of their classic cocktails off the happy hour menu. I loved them all, but the whiskey sour was probably the favorite between the two of us. Their happy hour is a great deal. Half priced classic cocktails (normally $12) from 4-6 every day. 
Their food was all amazing. We had the pork belly which was flavorful and not fatty like some pork bellies I have had in the past, the garlic brown fries, fish dip, and the lamb tagliatelle. I would order them all again because they were all fantastic. I wish they served a entree sized portion of the pork belly because I could've eaten a few of those! 
Overall, this is my favorite spot in New Orleans so far. I definitely will be back.Most terrible restaurant experience of a lifetime!  Ridiculously overpriced!  Pretentious!  Lousy service with an outrageously long wait for my meal.  I ordered Shrimp and Grits, which is a personal favorite that I frequently order at other high-end restaurants around town.  The shrimp had not been fully peeled and there were shells throughout the grits.  I sent the dish back immediately and ordered a Ceasar Salad with Shrimp in its place.  It took so long for the salad to come out that the rest of my party was finished.  I ate a little bit and boxed the rest.  The salad was mediocre at best and the shrimp was chopped so small they were hardly recognizable.  This was on Mother's Day!  
The small plate epidemic has reached New Orleans and it is a rip-off.  For a party of 8, 3 of whom ordered hamburgers, 1 salad, and 4 entrees, and a bunch of little snacks with side veggies, totaled almost $600.  Nothing served at our table warranted those prices!  We only had 2 bottles of wine, and a few cocktails.  Unbelievable!  Far too many fabulous restaurants in NOLA to waste your time with this one.  
In its attempt to be a hipster haven, the music is terrible, the acoustics are bad, and the seats are incredibly uncomfortable.What a great meal in such a unique location!  Highly recommend this place! Come for the cocktails and stay for the food!  Shrimp and grits were exceptional and fish dip was really outstanding 
Great happy hour from 4-6pmI love the space to start with, it's an old Lutheran Church but the food and staff here really exceed all other places I've visited this far. The bartender gave me some excellent tips and even worked with chef on a vegetarian option for me. They could not have been more gentile.Definitely picture worthy. The food and drinks were decent but the service was slow and our server inattentive. I have a keen sense of smell and it smelled like church wood inside. My husband couldn't smell it though.This place is magnificent. The venue is so out of the ordinary which makes it special not to mention the food is great. Really love the vibes this place gives! Everyone must go at least once!A true foodie restaurant with magnificent decor and truly spectacular wine and cocktail list. Each cocktail we tried and we tried three was a work of art. We also loved the beer choices - a dark nitro beer in a bottle was great l. The cheese plate was spectacular 3 out of 5 were made in house - which adds a real foodie touch. The house pickles were great. The tomato / cucumber salad was remarkable and the cold smoked fish we shared was very unusual and great.
The decor is really vampiry - the restaurant is in an old church and when it gets dark, they have a reddish light on - really picturesque. 
The service was really good
This was my favourite restaurant in New Orleans and in fact what I would expect from the city: a really unique and creative cooking style.Went to Vessel months ago to have drinks at the bar with friends and didn't so much like the bartender we had. I wondered if we'd come back, and after another friend recently mentioned its good food, we gave it a go. It was a busy Saturday last night, but the very nice guy who answered said there were 2 chairs left at the bar where we could get full service, so we hurried there and he greeted us and showed us the seats. It was so nice of them to basically keep those seats open while we parked and walked. Had a much better bartender this time, and also the mussels (I could drink that sauce), smoked fish dip, and shrimp + grits. It's not quite a 5 out of 5 place, but a solid 4 for sure. I really love how beautiful the place is!The duck dish was a bit hard to chew and the meat tasted too salty and rubbery. With that said, I had a very nice cocktail here and the ambiance of the place is pretty cool. It's an actual church turned Bar and restaurant. I loved visiting it, but my main dish was as it was -- a bit salty, rubbery and hard to chew duck. The dessert could be better, but I loved the appetizers!Amazing place hidden in mid city. The ambiance is incredible. In the middle of an old church. Perfect cocktails by great bartenders with food that tastes above and beyond. Best cocktails in the city.What delicious food! A favorite restaurant set in an old church. Wild boar ragu was superb. The homemade lavash bread, fermented pickles, mussels with coconut milk -- this is a foodie paradise!I will start off by saying that the cocktails and wine were very good, and the ambience was fantastic. However, the service and food was extremely poor. I'm a doctor who just moved to New Orleans for work and I have an out of state drivers license. The bartender who checked my ID was very rude about it, asking me to recite my birthday and telling me I look very different from my picture. I understand they need to card people who look young, but there is a better way to do it. I was about to pull out my medical license to prove who I was when he decided to serve me. I should have left then, but I was with a friend who wanted to try this place. The menu looked interesting, however the food was extremely disappointing. The portions were very small for the price. At one point we ordered a large plate, the brodo, which says "communal" on the menu for sharing and it was very small with only one piece of bread. I asked for more bread and was never brought any. If something says communal, I expect to be able to share it. I left hungry after being interrogated and paying a $100 dollar bill. Will not be back.
Update: the manager's nasty response to my post just validates my point about their poor customer service. There are hundreds of places in New Orleans to get a fantastic meal with cocktails, wine and food for $87 plus tip and not leave hungry and disappointed. Also, Joe did you notice while you were watching the video that the 23 year old who sat down next to me half way through my meal was not carded? I asked her how old she was because I was so appalled. A universal policy is only such if you enforce it universally.Fun, cool, nice vibe!  Friendly, attentive staff!  Happy hour has a nice drink selection at reasonable prices. :)  If you are getting the martini you may want to upgrade the vodka to Ketel One or something. :)This place has a lot going for it, someone knows what they are doing. The food is good. Actually, I should say the lamb Bolognese is really good, even as it strays from tradition. It is he only thing I tried. It was well execute. The sauce was flavorful even though if would have benefited from further reduction. 
This place worries me though. I don't think it's viable. It is buried deep in a neighborhood. What is death in other cities is not necessarily death in New Orleans. 
Here is my heartfelt and experienced opinion. The one thing I can suggest (knowing it might not at first seem rational), is to replace the frosty windows at the front of the space with clear glass, so that people can see how beautiful it is inside. There are too many barriers to entry.Had high expectations and I do feel bad because it seems like the staff was trying their best.  The manager came over and asked us how everything was.  However there were so many issues , and in New Orleans there are so many places to go I'm being strict with my rating on this one.  We won't be going back (except to have a drink - bar was good!)
Hostess - great job seating us and keeping us informed during our short wait.
Bar - best part of the experience - had a dirty martini with 3 very fresh green olives. Hubbie had a Negroni , also very good for a somewhat uncommon cocktail.
Server - very nice however seemed to be overwhelmed with too many tables
Food - good but too heavy.  Got the rabbit pate with biscuit.  Biscuit was undercooked or else had too much butter in it.  Brussel sprouts and broccoli - nice try but just too much butter and sauce (this is a common problem with veggies I find). Muscles with fries - Fries are tossed in a brown butter they told me and those WERE tremendous.  However paired with the sauce for the muscles, again just too heavy.   The whole meal needed more balance.  Chef is heavy handed with everything - lighten up please!
The part I really didn't like was the pace of the meal.  We waited a long time for our drink and our check at the end but the food all came at once and our table was crowded with 3 hot plates that I felt rushed to eat.If you are looking for a neat place to eat, this is definitely unique - super old church transformed into a restaurant/bar and it's done very well. Definitely worth a visit for that. It's very clean and spacious, just a beautiful space. As for the food, offerings were unique and pretty good - maybe a B.
Now for the negatives:
- Family friendly - but no high chairs or boosters? Really? Weird. Tons of families in there including us that were struggling to juggle our squirrelly kids while trying to enjoy our meal. 
- Service - our waitress was nice and fairly attentive but she wasn't "all there." When we told her our coffee was bitter - she didn't offer to try it, get us a fresh cup or refund the coffee - she proceeded to tell us it was a Colombian blend with citrus notes and that we just weren't used to the taste. We just left it at that but it was definitely strange and not the proper way to treat a customer IMHO.
We won't be back but it's definitely worth checking out if you are looking for a unique place to eat or for dinner/drinks at night. Not really a kid friendly place at all.I have been here 6 times since it opened. I love the building/ambiance and the cocktail menu is excellent. I went to brunch for the first time. I've eaten here before and thought the food was good, albeit a bit pricey. I ordered the chicken and waffles. At $16, i was a bit hopeful it would be good. I got half of a waffle and two small strips of thigh meat. On top of that, there was a weird sauce poured over it. Now, this dish should really be crispy. I've only ever had it with syrup, which I have the option of pouring myself. This sauce was wet and heavy and ruined whatever flavors might have been present. I highly recommend removing that sauce. I will stick to the drink menu moving forward.This is a good place to go for fancy cocktails and fancy ambience.  I really can't rate the food quality since I only managed to eat a few items off of the small bites list. But the small bites were pretty tasty.  One of the main attractions is the look and feel of the place. Apparently it was an old church, so it still has that vibe to it.   The bartenders were pleasant and quick with the service. The price tag wasn't too bad... but I spend most of my time during happy hour, so that might be misleading. 
Nice place for a date or redemption.First place we went to for dinner in New Orleans and it didn't disappoint. It's not located in the hustle and bustle of everything but I though that was a nice way to start our vacation. The building is an old church and I loved the look and feel of the place! The menu was unique but not over whelming which I can appreciate. We had an appetizer of the brown butter fries which were addictive and some of the best fries I've ever had. My boyfriend had the burger that was on the menu. Unfortunately I can't remember what is was called but he loved it. I had the shrimp and grits and it was amazing!! Our server was awesome and gave us some good recommendations for drinks and dancing. And when he found out it was my friends birthday he brought over some cake for us to share. All in all great food, great atmosphere, and an overall friendly vibe. Please make this a place to visit on your trip to NOLA!Beautiful ambiance, great food and drinks, great service and good prices! I'll be a regular for sure!My husband and I just had an infuriating experience at Vessel. We had stopped there at 6:00pm for a drink and snack before heading to the Quarter for dinner with friends. The bartender came when I sat, gave us menus, and water soon after we arrived. Then we waited and waited while she chatted with someone at the end of the bar, did some set up and generally ignored us. She finally looked our way, we were looking directly at her expecting her to come our way, she proceeded to grab her phone out of her pocket and walked outside! We decided to leave after she didn't come back in a few moments. When we got to our car, she was still outside chatting with a co-worker! We were about to order two expensive glasses of wine and an appetizer. Now we're having exactly that around the corner.COME HERE FOR THE DRINKS ONLY!!!!!! My experience here was a strong hit and miss! The presentation was great but I wish the the food matched the appearance. 
Let's start with the miss: The coffee was horrible! We had it made twice and it was soooo bitter. Second time was through the process of French press. Worse than the first batch. Disappointing for a coffee lover such as myself. The waiter was obviously annoyed for having to re-serve my coffee but it was straight toilet water! Not my fault or his but I guess he his attitude had to be displayed on someone (me: the customer) *deepest eye roll*.
My fiancée ordered the burger and fries but the burger patties were obviously previously frozen and tough....overpriced for frozen "store bought tasted" patties. 
I originally ordered the fried chicken thigh and biscuits but was told I couldn't have that combo that was offered on the menu. They offered chicken and waffles instead (boneless chicken breast) which was surprisingly great. The funny part about this was we ordered additional biscuits with our entree. 
My eggs...let's talk about the eggs. I ordered a side of eggs over easy and everything was raw! The whites was clear through and through! Drinking it out of a cup would have been easier than trying to eat them with utensils. Asks waiter for a remake and it came out the same. Disappointing.
Ok now to the hits: the burger was nicely dressed...that's all I have about that. The fries was awesome and the ketchup to pair was delicious and unique. The chicken and waffles was a great mistake. Waffles was sweet, no need for syrup which was light and crispy the way I like it but only get a half of a waffle :(
I would say this place needs to step it up on their food! Prices DOES NOT match the quality.Terrible. Menu limited. Shrimp and grits. 4 little shrimp. Nothing much. Swordfish no flavor. Ribeye medallions no taste. Pork belly miniature serving. And dessert a joke. Dry piece of cake. No choices.We really wanted to like this place.  It is close to our house, we have been there multiple times, and he whiskey selection is very good. However, the service and food was subpar to say the least. The menu item we ordered was substantially different when it arrived than how it was described. The manager made little effort to rectify the situation, and the item we got in place of what we ordered was not even comped. Vessel missed an opportunity to have loyal customers by erring on the side of cheapness, which is exactly what Vessel feels like.Reading other reviews I was walking into this thinking food would be "ok". Service should be decent, and drinks and atmosphere would be great. Close but not really. 
My visit was cut short. We decided to start at the bar because we didn't know what to expect. Have a few cocktails, order a snack and go from there. Didn't even make it that far. 
Let's start with the surroundings. I've been there to the previous places and not much has changed. Not that it is bad, it's actually a very cool looking place, no complaints there. 
It was a Wednesday night so not a ton of people there. In fact maybe 3 tables full and 2 couples at the bar. We sat at the bar and it seemed the bartender was not very friendly at all. Took her a very long time to even acknowledge us. When she finally did, I ordered 2 drinks and the Fries appetizer. She literally snapped at us verbatim "One thing at a time guys, I'll get to your food order later." 
Soooo no thanks for staying. The drinks were great but that's the only thing I could say good about it. She did eventually make her way back to us to
Order that food in which we were already finishing the first round. We wanted to drink to get a buzz not sit there empty all night and get attitude. 
In essence, there are too many great restaurants in New Orleans that make you feel welcome, have great service, and great food to make me want to go back. Of course I like giving places a second chance but rarely do only because it doesn't come to mind.This place gets one star for their truly terrible customer service. 
I went to Vessel for a happy hour with some friends, and ordered one vodka soda. I had my partner close my tab and he signed on my behalf. He thought I had two or more drinks when in reality that was not true. The tab was $28. For one drink. And, to add insult to injury, my card was charged $28 twice.
I called the bar to rectify the issue which I thought was a simple miscommunication. The very rude manager Joe said that because we had a large party that they placed additional drinks that were not mine on my tab. He said that they would not be fixing the issue and that it was my fault that they so unbelievably over charged me.
This was customer service on the worst level. So, in short: shitty manager, shitty bartender, and what I guess is a (shitty) $28 vodka tonic.Cool old church converted to a restaurant. Small for an old church but just the right size. Brunch was good and had the mega double burger. It was good and a lot to eat. However how do you serve cold fries when it's one of the first orders of the day and there are only four tables?  Cold fries with a burger is like a warm beer on a hot day - no bueno. 
Worth another try.In an old church so the space is amazing. Went for happy hour with friends. A bit expensive, would like to try other foods. Staff is exceptional!Mmmm, mmmm, mmmmm...Wish I had tried it sooner! To start, the place is amazingly beautiful. Church-looking building, completely modernized on the inside. Great decor and lighting. They have bar, tall tables, and regular table seating, in addition to a small lounge area near the entrance. The cocktails were great, not too sweet. We had several items: the fries (the aioli is great), the smoked fish dip (couldn't get enough), the grilled octopus (perfectly cooked), the smoked whole fish (I could have eaten one by myself), and a brownie for dessert (accompanied by ice cream and some kind of sour'ish whipped cream that was the perfect compliment to the chocolate. The only thing that was not perfect is that the service felt a tiny bit rushed, but not enough to erase the goodness of the food. Visit asap!!!Ate here for Sunday Brunch. Beautiful space, wonderful staff, and excellent food. Worth the trip outside the French Quarter. Hash fries were the bomb!  Shrimp & grits awesome!  Wild boar Benedict so good! 
Great Bloody Mary as well.I went to Vessel on my last night in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint. First of all, the restaurant is gorgeous and unique (in a repurposed church). The lighting set the mood, and the colors were great. The food, however, was the show. I ordered the biscuit and rabbit rillette (flavorful!); the shrimp and grits (delicious); and the chocolate cake with roasted white chocolate pudding (now, this was to die for. I'd eat pints of the pudding by itself).
My waitress Breanne and the bartender were very friendly! My reservations were about 15 minutes before the restaurant closed, but in no way did I feel rushed at all.
What I loved, however, is that Breanne recalled that I had canceled my reservations meant for two nights before I went. They said they were very grateful I made it a priority to come back. That was a great touch -- remembering not only who showed up, but who didn't but made it a point to return.We decided to try dinner at Vessel last night.  Overall, the experience was enjoyable - food was great, prices were fair (7 snack/small plate dishes + 2 cocktails for $98 pre-tip) but we did feel that the service could have been better.  
The menu had a lot to offer, but was well-organized and easy to navigate.  We ordered cocktails and opted to do a number of small plates (7 in total).  Based on the types of items we decided to order, we felt that the timing of the food could have been a little better - first, the food runner brought out our pretzel with house-fermented mustard and the rabbit rillette with biscuits (those biscuits were to die for).  Not long after we started those dishes, someone brought out the snapper crudo (one of the best things we ate last night as it had the unique addition of a sorbet under each bite of snapper) and the scallop bruschetta (AMAZING and unlike any scallop dish we've had before).  The table got a little over-crowded at that point.  
After those four small plates hitting the table very close to one another, there was about a 10 minute break.  Kind of odd since we had just gotten a lot of food at once.  Our final dishes were the boar ragu (meh), okra (SO delicious if you like okra in all it's slimy glory - the flavors and pan sauce were great) and eggplant flatbread (nice, light and full of flavor since the thin flatbread didn't overpower the toppings).  
Again, the food was really great and has some unique touches, but our main gripe is that we finished our final dishes and then sat there for over 10 minutes before having to ask another server to have OUR server bring us the check.  No one had come to our table once the final dishes were dropped off and it wasn't a packed house full of tables, so it seemed kind of unacceptable.  Throughout the meal, I honestly think the server for the table next to us stopped at our table and talked to us about our dishes more than our actual server.  
Despite the spotty service, we will still be going back to try more menu items and cocktails because the vibe is honestly really cool and laid back.It would serve them well to MAKE A SIGN OUTSIDE so you could see the building. From Canal St it just looks like a church.So my bride picked this locale to have a go at their burger. The setting is a former Lutheran church. It was formerly know as the Redemption but now know as the Vessel. Beautifully unique interior with wood floors, vaulted high ceilings with wood beams and rafters. The windows in the evening sun give the entire interior a glow.
I ordered the mushroom risotto with grilled rabbit, fennel, oyster mushrooms with a sprinkle of  pomegranate. 
My lovely picked the classic cheeseburger which was packed with cheddar, 10oz double stack, on brioche bun and delicious home made fries. Abigail, our waitresses, suggested the fried Brussel Sprouts.
Lastly was the homemade ice cream with Fruity Peebles (not a fan but I had to try)I am updating my previous review for this one but I won't erase the other one- will leave it just in case because I simply don't know what to say.  I had this place ranked at 5 stars before.   
We came here for New Year 2018 celebration and the food was just awful with the exception of the green salad which if you ask me was perfection.
The first fish was risotto which I did not think had enough flavour.   
The second dish was the salad which I loved.  
The main was a duck which neither I nor my husband could eat at all and based on the reactions of some of our neighbors they were not impressed either.  
The dessert was woeful - I am not even sure it was made the same day.  
I still love the decor - it is an old church with red lighting and it looks mysterious and gothic and very New Orleany.   But the New Year vibe was not very pronounced we were not even sure they were going to do a toast at 12 - which they did - but a bit understated celebration never the less.
In summary I actually don't know if the restaurant went bad or if it is just because they had a set menu and a lot of people.  It wasn't foodie at all and was very disappointing- hoping it was just the event  fluke.   Read my old review below.
Old review: A true foodie restaurant with magnificent decor and truly spectacular wine and cocktail list. Each cocktail we tried and we tried three was a work of art. We also loved the beer choices - a dark nitro beer in a bottle was great l. The cheese plate was spectacular 3 out of 5 were made in house - which adds a real foodie touch. The house pickles were great. The tomato / cucumber salad was remarkable and the cold smoked fish we shared was very unusual and great.
The decor is really vampiry - the restaurant is in an old church and when it gets dark, they have a reddish light on - really picturesque. 
The service was really good
This was my favourite restaurant in New Orleans and in fact what I would expect from the city: a really unique and creative cooking style.Great service but the food was pretty brutally awful. Rubbery chicken, rubbery pasta, plastic like textured "baked Mac and cheese" that didn't taste at all like there was any cheese, the dessert dish we got was supposed to be a chocolate cake with ice cream and the ice cream was good the the "cake" was essentially just coffee crumbs (absolutely no cake structure or flavor, it was a dirt texture), the fish was good though, and a very cool venue and ambience, but definitely needs work on a few of their menu items if they are going to try to be a somewhat expensive and popular restaurant.Brunch here is incredible! Get the Korean Fried Chicken and thank me later. And a $20 bottle special for mimosas is not bad either. Service is incredible, especially if Taylor is your waitress. My better half got the Wild Boar Ragu and she loved it!
DEFINITELY COME GET BRUNCH HERE!!! Been here 2 weeks in a row. Might make it 3!Found this place by pure happenstance! Thank you IG! Do yourself a favor, grab an Uber leave the French Quarter and head over to Midcity to experience Vessel Nola. Church turned restaurant/bar. This place appeals to all your senses. Walking in, your eyes will be awed by the charming exterior and gorgeous interior. Thr windows, the artwork, the exposed beams and chandelier walking in are quite a sight! Vessel Nola takes drinking and transforms it into an experience with their handcrafted cocktails. Thr manager and staff are a gem. The hostess went above and beyond to help us find some antacid for a member in our group so he could enjoy the evening. Ask for Zachary, his mixology is an art. He makes a wicked Paloma and Boardroom! Nestle into the leather couch in the corner and enjoy the taste of your drink, the great music and relax! Keep your Bourbon Street and Grenades, that is for novices and tourists, this is adult drinking, this is NOLA! 
Seriously, this place is worth the visit!Driving by in our Uber I pointed out Vessel thinking it was a cute church but then I saw all the liquor bottles in the window! Because the concept of church turned bar/restaurant made me laugh, we made it a point to go back and check it out.
We went for drinks. I'm a little picky with the drinks I like but the bartender made me a custom drink that I loved! My husband and friends enjoyed theirs, as well. Good drinks, awesome ambiance!I had been here once before for drinks, and my girlfriend had been here twice, with me and once for dinner. She raved about the food, so we came here for Valentine 's Day. She looked stunning in a purple dress and super high heels. My heart skipped a beat when she opened the door to let me in. She looked that good. 
After chatting with a friend who happened to be at the bar, we sat down and scrutinized the menu  and wine list. We felt like red wine, so I ordered the Copertino which turned out to be a great choice, medium heavy, with fruit and spice and not too tannic. A great buy at $40. The wine list was a little pricey in my book with only a few bottles in that range or less. 
The menu is divided into several sections - snacks, appetizers, small plates and entrees. Surprisingly, there were only 4 entrees. I came specifically to try the chicken which is prepared sous vide. What I didn't know was there were other dishes prepared sous vide as well, so we ordered the chicken and the pork chop. To start we ordered the smoked fish spread which is served with grilled lavash which are very tasty in and of themselves. The fish dip too is excellent, very light, almost like velvet, and smokey.
The entrees did not disappoint. The chicken consists of a boneless breast and thigh served over greens and mushrooms. It was perfectly cooked with skin like a cracklin'. The pork chop too was awesome, served medium, with what I would call an apple gastrique  which was phenomenal. The chop comes with celery, a little weird but tasty. 
The ambiance of the place needs to be mentioned. It's a beautiful place with a gorgeous ceiling and stunning stained glass windows, befitting of the church it once was. The wait staff and management are both top notch too. Joe, the general manager, stopped by the table. He remembered us from last time. The bar had been busy so he hustled down a bartender to get our drinks. A prince of a guy. And Chloe our server was the best although I'm a little biased in her favor because she said we were the cutest couple in the place. A doll she is. 
I predict Vessel is here to stay. It was bustling with a very chic crowd. I know I'll be back!Wonderful! The style and design of this church turned restaurant is what drew us here. The food is going to bring us back. We had 6 different plates and every one was extremely enjoyable. And the ambience of this little place....wow. :)My fiancé and I dined on the garlic brown butter fries, soft pretzels , gulf snapper cayenne brodo, shrimp speck cream corn and arugula flatbread and the audit chile Chocolate Cake!!!! Where do I begin.  Everything was delicious .  We dined on small plates because we knew we were drinking and having dessert.  The aioli sauce for the garlic brown butter fries was exquisite.  Wyatt was our "mixologist" who created the cocktail menu filled with a variety of sinful concoctions that will make you want to confess all your dirty deeds from the week.  The shrimp flare was a perfect blending of flavors with the corn, arugula and fish flakes.  If I wasn't already engaged this would be a perfect spot to take someone for date night.  The ambiance is perfect for getting to know someone in the "biblical sense".  Finally the chocolate cake!!!! Orgasmic.  Every ingredient could be its own dessert.  From the chocolate pudding to the cherry sorbet.  We devoured every last bite even though we were full from the shared small plates .  We will definitely be frequenting this establishment and I am sure it will become the new hotspot in the city .We came here today for brunch after a recommendation from the hostess at our hotel. The man who waited on us was quite slow and odd... e.g. he would fill up a coffee cup half full... walk away a few steps then walk back admitting that he didn't really fill it all the way. He never told us about the specials which we only found out existed as we listened to him tell other tables... took forever to bring mimosas (delish ones) even though they weren't busy...I could go on. His actions weren't awful, but off putting. 
As for the food, the wild boar polenta was AMAZING! I would come back every Sunday for that dish! The pancake was also quite tasty and the veggie scramble had good flavor, but could have been better as the eggs were quite over cooked. 
Bottom line, go for the wild boar.. Hope you get a different server. I hate to be mean, but he really seemed like he'd never been a waiter before.. maybe he hadn't???Fantastic service. Ate at the bar and every bartender was willing to help us out. Very attentive staff. Food was amazing; not your typical heavy New Orleans cuisine. Favorites were the snapper crudo and the caramelle pasta!!Beautiful dining room and patio! Everything we tried on the menu was amazing! Ask for a side of jam with your biscuit!The service was absolutely wonderful from the minute we stepped in the door! The hostess and waiter were so friendly and attentive! We got the boar pate app and it was delish! I got the strawberry salad and mushroom flatbread and they were both perfection! My boyfriend got the alfredo which came with huge shrimp, yummy sauce, and noodles that appeared and tasted like they were made in-house. Yum-O!! The down for debauchery drink was also so smooth and delicious.  I would definitely recommend this place, but beware if you are a huge eater.. the portions are on the smaller size. We left satisfied but not stuffed, perfect place for dinner before going out! And why not just get started there because the drink menu is rolling! Hee hee!A rainy night in New Orleans meant that this popular spot was a little more empty. Win for us. We walked in, got seated, and ordered a drink. The food here was yummy, with the pickles being my favorite, but the star of this evening was the incredible cocktails.  We had a high quality Old Fashioned, an other worldly Manhattan, a Blood and Sand, a mezcal drink, and another bourbon drink. The bartender was wonderful. Get the octopus, get the fries, but be sure to order plenty of high quality, high end cocktails!Not only is Vessel Nola an architectural wonder but the food and service is about as good as it gets. With an "alter of liquor" and witty menu items...so much thought went to every detail. If you're in the area as a local or tourist, I would definitely recommend this hip spot.This building was cool as shit.  My friends dragged me off the couch to come here for a quick snack because they thought I'd like the aesthetic.   They were right.  This place is a good blend between swanky and low-key.  The service was excellent in a way that isnt invasive.  The food was good and they have a very diverse spirit and cocktail selection at really reasonable pricing.  Also if it counts for anything they pass my litmus test for "sexy lighting": low enough not to see a blemish on anyone but bright enough to read the menu.Excellent. Flavors are on point. Balanced, clean flavors with local, seasonal ingredients.  Keen, knowledges staff.Loved it! Gorgeous interior. Super friendly bartenders. Sunday happy hour 2-6! We'll be back.The cocktails were fabulous! The wait staff even more awesome! The food delightful. The ambiance of the historic church was the icing on the cake! Don't miss it!We decided to try dinner at Vessel last night.  Overall, the experience was enjoyable and the food was great!
The menu had a lot to offer, but was well-organized and easy to navigate.  We ordered cocktails and opted to do a number of small plates (7 in total).  Based on the types of items we decided to order, we felt that the timing of the food could have been a little better - first, the food runner brought out our pretzel with house-fermented mustard and the rabbit rillette with biscuits (those biscuits were to die for).  Not long after we started those dishes, someone brought out the snapper crudo (one of the best things we ate last night as it had the unique addition of a sorbet under each bite of snapper) and the scallop bruschetta (AMAZING and unlike any scallop dish we've had before).  The table got a little over-crowded at that point.  
After those four small plates hitting the table very close to one another, there was about a 10 minute break.  Kind of odd since we had just gotten a lot of food at once.  Our final dishes were the boar ragu (meh), okra (SO delicious if you like okra in all it's slimy glory - the flavors and pan sauce were great) and eggplant flatbread (nice, light and full of flavor since the thin flatbread didn't overpower the toppings).  
We will still be going back to try more menu items and cocktails because the vibe is honestly really cool and laid back.
**note** I had left a slightly less positive review, but have updated it since one of the owners called me to fill me in on things going on at the restaurant that night which contributed to our experience being slightly "off".  It's not every day that you have a business owner that cares enough to follow up with customers.This building is the space that Christian's and Redemption formerly occupied. I didn't have the opportunity to go to either on of those restaurants, so actually eating dinner in what was a former church was a whole new experience for me.
From top to bottom, this place is just divine. I love the fact that the restaurant is situated in a "reworked" church, and still has the feel with the stained glass windows and high ceilings. The atmosphere is cozy, yet elegant and everything is just beautiful. The staff here might be the friendliest staff in town. I know that some of you might say it's because the place is so new, but I was greeted by multiple people when I arrived, a few staff members stopped by during dinner to inquire about the meal and I got a friendly goodbye on my way out the door.
I started off with the #gooddecisions cocktail as I looked over the menu. Everything here sounds so amazing, and I like that they have a nice selection of options from seafood and pork to chicken and vegetable dishes. For my appetizers I got the 3 cheese plate which came with the chef's choice of cheeses as well as the rabbit rillette, which is basically a pâté, The cheese was delicious- I wish I could remember exactly what the cheeses were, but I really enjoyed them. The rabbit rillette was out of this world. It was full of flavor and a biscuit came on the side so it could be spread. It was really rich, and if I was just getting a drink and an appetizer here, this is exactly what I would order.
For my entree, I got the whole smoked fish, charred eggplant, house yogurt, eggplant & black sesame seed purée. The fish is indeed a whole fish which comes with the bones in and head on. It was delicious! The fish had enough meat on it that the bones being in it wasn't a problem at all and they were fairly easy to "pick out". The fish had a smoky flavor that was good without being overwhelming. The eggplant was perfectly roasted and the yogurt was a nice touch and mellowed out the flavor of the fish a bit- it was a nice balance of flavors.
I loved my experience here and I am excited to return. On the night I was here the crowd was pretty thin, but I am sure that this place will definitely "take off" once word gets out about how good it is.Really great space and wonderful food. The octopus and seared okra were my personal favorites. Highly recommended if only for the atmosphere alone.Vessel is like no other restaurant in New Orleans. The bar is spectacular and the craft cocktails are second to none. We had drinks at their amazing bar along with our appetizers (fish dip, pickels and fries)  and than sat for dinner and dessert, all of which were delicious. The best part was dining in a church turned cocktail bar/restaurant. It was also nice not to hassle with parking.  I cannot wait to come back and have brunch on their beautiful patio!Awesome atmosphere and amazing food!! Visited NOLA for the first time and this is definitely going on my list of places to come too again!! Friendly staff and owners as well!!Delicious. Expensive but delicious. Go a little early for happy hour at the bar before dinner. Try a few lower priced apps with your drink. We loved the brown butter fried with lemon aioli. :)I think you can either love or hate this restaurant and it depends on your preference. For me it was a mixed bag. I love the atmosphere and the service was pretty good as well. The drinks were great, the food was tasty but the portions were just a little too skimpy and pricey for my liking. 
I can appreciate really good food that comes in smaller portions but unfortunately for my preference this took it just a little too far. 
We ended up going to Juan's flying burrito to eat right after because the meal did not properly fill us up. 
For example the pasta dish small plate we ordered was $17 and literally had 6 pieces of pasta on it! 
In closing, great taste, great drinks, great atmosphere, small portions.I absolutely loved the atmosphere of this restaurant! The staff in very welcoming and friendly.  The mushroom risotto is packed with flavor and my sister and I really enjoyed the crawfish tagliatelle's blend of spices.  As a non-local, I would definitely visit this place frequently if I lived here!We were there on a Sunday morning for brunch. Staff was very polite but both food and drinks took a long time to arrive. 15-20 minutes for drinks about 35 for food. They were not busy. But I must say drinks and food were delicious. They need to improve in food time delivery or they will not become successful.Impeccable, unique, delicious experience! We wandered around trying to find the restaurant then realized it's in a beautiful old church. The place had a lot of taste and personality, and our bartender was so nice. We had rabbit rillette and duck pate from the snacks menu and the BEST cocktail ever- 'violent delights come to violent ends', inspired by westworld. The fire and brimstone cocktail was good too- smoky and tasty for mezcal lovers.WOW!  Unbelievable food and cocktails. Do not leave without having the fish dip as well as the grilled Lavash.  The entrees are creative and interesting without being too over the top.  I so love this place.  The new owners have done an incredible job of remodeling while keeping the historical significance of the building.  I will definitely go back on a regular basis.