Great atmosphere and good food, just not the most generous portions. 
Everyone working there is very nice however, they seem to be a bit unorganized. Don't go if you're in a rush because if there's a lot going on when you order, you may be waiting a minute. 
There is outside seating that looks dog-friendly and separate seating in the back that looks like it could accommodate very large parties.My husband placed a take out order here since it was right near our hotel. They were extremely slow and the food was way over priced. Do not expect to get full here for less than $15/person. We ordered the shrimp po' boy and the barbecue shrimp. The shrimp po' boy was the smallest I've ever had and mostly consisted of shredded lettuce. The pickled cucumbers were good but there were only two of them. The shrimp were small and tasteless. It's a good thing we took home some of their barbecue and hot sauce, because these suckers were dry.  
The most disappointing experience was the bbq shrimp. The flavor was good, though a little to salty. That being said, it came in a tiny plastic take out container with no more than 20 small shrimp inside (not jumbo as advertised). They did not give us the French bread to dip in the sauce, which everyone knows is pretty important with barbecue shrimp! That "entree" was $10 and I went to bed hungry. 
I would never recommend this place to anyone and will never return. I would have been more satisfied going to the Popeyes across the street.had high expectations for bbq in the deep south.  can't say it was bad but just not to my liking.  ribs were on the dry side.  pulled pork was ok but not too flavorful.  beans were too sweet.  collards were ok but a little too salty.
service is very good and staff very friendly.  nice lively laid back place for a group of friends.I like going here.  Not only is it not too far from my office, the food is pretty good.  I get the brisket with mac and cheese and corn pudding.  I love the corn pudding.  
The BBQ isn't Memphis or Texas but for regular BBQ it's good.  Their catering is great as well.The food is decent, service I actually liked, but it was nothing special. We had a brisket sandwich, fries, mac & cheese, corn pudding and quarter chicken, with brownies for dessert. The brownie in particular left something to be desired. I did like the mac & cheese and the chicken, but the corn pudding seemed oily. 
Then again, I'm a spoiled Texan when it comes to barbecue and its fixins :)Great BBQ place. My wife and I loved the flavors. The mix of meats etc were amazing. I would recommend checking this place out. They won a best BBQ in New Orleans back in 2008 but I felt they still had it. 
Could have been a little cleaner was the only negative.Been here before several times and loved it. This time the lady that brought our food to the table was a little rude. My daughter ordered the shrimp poboy and it was very delicious but the jerk chicken plate was horribly dry!!! Disappointed this go round but not totally against trying it again because i've enjoyed so much in the past!!!!We were in NOLA for a cheer competition and a friend recommended VooDoo BBQ as a must try!  
I'm sure glad we took her up in her recommendation.   The smells as you walked in left your mouthwatering. They did not disappoint.  The ribs were tender and fell off the bone. The flavor from the pulled pork is the best I have tasted (note I grew up in Iowa).  The Mac and Cheese is like grandmas. 
The service was friendly and quick for bringing in a group of 10. 
I will be going back my next trip to NOLAPerfectly tender ribs and pulled pork with just the right amount of smoke on the meat.  We asked for "the ultimate voodoo experience" and we're guided to the voodoo platter; two meats and two individual sides.  
Extremely friendly staff and GREAT food.The food is very good.   But they didn't have any meat with bone in it. They had several different bbq sauces From hot to cane flavored sauce.
The service was great and they have a lot of patients while your trying to make a decision on what you would like to order. They offer you water while your waiting for your take out.  
I used my yelp check- in and received free bread pudding which my adult daughter stated it was good.  She was like "I never ate anything like this it's good mom,"  I said, "I am happy you enjoyed it."  ( since I didn't get to taste it.) Lolloved the food, the BBQ sauce was awesome, the sweet potato soufflé was delicious and all the meats were on point. would eat every day if I could.Saw a banner ad that said "VOODOO BBQ My Lunch Time Ritual"  thought that was clever I will give it a shot.  
BOY was I glad I did.  It was superb...better than I anticipated.  The meats are really good, but the real differentiator in my opinion are all of the clever side dishes like GRIS GRIS greens and corn pudding.  You just don't typically find these in a bbq joint.  
The service was friendly and quick.  They had some cool t shirts but I did not buy any this time as they were out of my size.
Love it.  Can't wait to go back on my next trip to NOLAI chose the Carolina Pork sandwich. The meat was cooked perfectly, but every time I eat here, the meat always needs sauce and the bread always seems to soak it up first. Good thing they have three yummmy sauces to choose from! The tangy sauce is vinegary, the mojo is bbq basic, and the mango crystal all of the above with a kick. Certainly my favorite fast/casual dining spot in town.The food was good for a quick meal.  Nice flavors, nothing fancy.This has to be the best Cajun food I've ever had. The location is easy to access and I love the staff. The food is the best I've had in weeks!! They also so hospitable when they found out we are hurricane refugees and then we got free dessert!!!!!!All I can tell you is that pulled pork is off the chain. It was not dry or tasted like day old food. Their service is commendable, we ordered for a function one time and we had food missing, but they had someone deliver and bring extras. How phat is that????
The mac and cheese is wonderful side to go with your pulled pork. There are a variety of sauces on the table and a roll of towels for you when you dine in.
Dont be afraid of a little bit of Voodoo BBQ.
Parking is offstreet, cash and credit accepted, large parties are encouraged to come.Leave the French Quarter. Get away from beloved Frenchmen. Hop on the St. Charles streetcar, and come to Voodoo BBQ & Grill!
We accidentally stumbled upon this place while we were in the area. It was raining, we didn't want to head back just yet, and we were hungry. I'll admit, from the outside it didn't look like much. Go to the counter, order your grub, get a number, sit down and wait. But the fact it was crowded on a rainy day in a part of NOLA that isn't THAT great, was a sign it was good.
The banner said they were voted the best BBQ in New Orleans. After a disappointing po' boy I was pleased to see they offered po' boys themselves. They had plenty to choose from: pulled chicken, pulled pork, BBQ chicken, beef, shrimp, the list goes on and on. I opted for a BBQ chicken with the sauce already on (they also offer a variety of their own sauces at each table). They have a basic selection of beers both on tap and in bottles, as well as fountain drinks. I was happy they had plenty of diet sodas to choose from since I was beer'd out from the night before. 
We grabbed a table in the back (this place is massive and offers seating up front, at the bar, and in a large space in the back). That was damp so we moved to the bar, which was nice and warm. The bar didn't have a bartender on staff but it was 1PM so I'm sure they use that moreso at night. Our food came out relatively quick. Everything we had was delicious! Truly the best po' boy I've had in New Orleans thus far. Their BBQ sauces are perfect, the bread is toasted just right, and the chicken was amazing. One of us got another po' boy because it was just that good. 
A bit off the beaten path but definitely worth the $1.25 trip on the streetcar (come on, that's cheaper than NY!).This place is great. My fiance and I have eaten at the Voodoo in the Walmart in Harrahan and it was awful but we wanted BBQ so we decided to give this location a try. The staff were friendly and wonderful and the food was great especially for 'fast food'. I have the roasted chicken and jerk chicken plate with greens and veggies. Although the jerk chicken sauce came on the side it was side good. All items were full of flavor. Jerry, my fiance, opted for the brisket and pull pork. The brisket was he favorite.  All sauce flavors come on the side so everyone can get the flavor they love. I (we) will definitely be going back again.The BBQ here is damn good. I enjoy eating here every time I visit New Orleans. You can't go wrong here.I do believe I live with the world's best BBQer this side of the Mississippi so it's hard to impress me when it comes to BBQ. This said Voodoo BBQ wasn't bad. I thought that the meat was a bit dry but I liked the variety of sauces that were offered. The beer was free the night that I went so that was a major plus.Our first taste of New Orleans was this neighborhood gem. Casual with a local vibe. Comfort food to die for - the bbq shrimp was suprising and amazing....and we sopped up every last drop of the sauce with the fresh french bread. Sweet potato suffle was also a winner. Mac and cheese was average but all was forgiven because the beer is cold! We will go back again before we leave.We tried this place for some authentic BBQ, and chose it based on reviews.  It did not disappoint!  We came to NOLA to eat, and didn't repeat any meals except this one.  Everyone is friendly,  the food was great all around, and we left with complimentary bread pudding.  We tried several items over 2 visits, and loved each one. 
 My only suggestion? Expand delivery to Sacramento!We were looking for something local and cheap!!  We were not disappointed!  We both ordered the Friday Special- Spicy Shrimp PoBoy. There was a good amount of shrimp and it was fresh and crispy. I got a side of sweet potato soufflé and my sister got jambalaya. Both sides very tasty!  We also shared the bread pudding (for free - thanks Yelp!!!) would definitely come back!The mac and cheese and corn dressing were good.  The meats where delivered luke warm.  The chicken was decent.Restaurant food at subway prices . Cheap alcohol drinks too . Louisiana grill. Pleasant staff .Came here yesterday with co workers for the $2.00 Tuesday pork sandwiches.  My complaint always with bbq is that it is never fresh and hot.  The bbq sauces were blah...They need new ones.  The floor was so slippery.  That is an accident waiting to happen.  The side I got was mac and cheese.  Ridiculously priced $2.69 for maybe maybe a spoon and a half full....I will not return!Visited on 7/9/15.
Being from Texas, we had to try BBQ on our first visit to NOLA since it was a short walk from our hotel.  
Staff was friendly and when I asked the young lady behind the counter as to what flavors the frozen drinks were she told me then suggested getting them mixed together - which I did and it was perfect for the hot weather!
My dining partner had the sliced brisket, corn pudding and sweet potato souffle.  I had the baked potato with pulled pork.  We loved it all!
We sat in the bar area and had it all to ourselves so we had a chance to be 'touristy' and look around at the old architectural detail of this restaurant.  Very unique indeed!Delicious ribs and the corn bread is fantastic! It was moist and not crumbly. The bread pudding is huge and really good!Disclaimer:  I haven't actually had the BBQ.
Every couple of weeks when I get a hankering for a burger I'll walk down to this place and grab one.  While it's probably not worth a drive, if you happen to be in the neighborhood then it's worth a try.  It's only slightly more expensive (and much better quality) than the Burger King across the street.  Assuming you are getting it to go, that is.The BBQ was good not great. The sauces were spicy good and the beer was cold. The atmosphere was causal as would be expected being attached to hotel. The service was excellent. We also gumbo and french fries which was spicy and hot, respectively. All in all not a bad meal for the cost.Wow saw these place in diners drive-inns and dives. I am so glad I stopped in to eat because the brisket is awesome, jerk chicken was on point and the mojo sauce was just fantastique! I'll definitely be back again!The food is just aiight I guess...way too much playing around at the register if u ask me..but it's ok for the money. I like the dry ribs and the Mac is a bit dry but like I said it's ok for the money. The bread pudding is the bomb tho. No lie!It is a long and stupid story about how I got dragged here, but I'll sum it up: I am a nice friend. 
So Vegetarian Suz and friend arrive at Voodoo. It's 9p on a Thursday night. The NOPD has taken up half of the front room, and they would be eye candy if I were in the market for dudes. (So this is probably good.) 
Friend and I try to figure what to eat by squinting at the menu board above the counter. Wait, menu board? This place doesn't have table service? WHAT?!? 
Problem #1: Voodoo is camped out on St. Charles, in a Nice Neighborhood™. This is primo real estate. People in this neighborhood will overpay for just about anything, just because it's a Nice Neighborhood™. But Voodoo has a menu board and no table service? No. If you are going to charge St. Charles prices (and they do) in the LGD (because they are), then you need table service. Or lower prices. Or both. 
So we're squinting at the menu board, trying to find things that Vegetarian Suz can consume. We've been at it for about 30 seconds, and we're standing over in the corner, out of the way and away from the register so we can figure out our order before bothering the counter girl. The counter girl, however, has begun bothering us. 
Problem #2: Someone went to a cheap management course and decided that staff at Voodoo need to be PROACTIVE!!!!! in their customer service. Which led to the counter girl yelling at us from 10 feet away, asking if we wanted our food for here or to-go. When we told her that we had no idea what we were going to order, she made a pinch face at us. Instead of yelling across the room to get our order, she should have waited until we approached her. Lay off the coffee juice, lady. 
Okay. We know what we're going to eat now, and we try to order. Try being the operative word. First, the girl doesn't know if the potato salad has bacon in it (yes). Nor does she even ask. Then she doesn't ask friend about the white vs. dark meat chicken thing. Instead, the cook yells--from the kitchen--about it. Does friend want white or dark meat? Friend doesn't care. Cook thinks this is odd. Friend doesn't care; friend wants chicken instead of awkward conversation about chicken. Why isn't the counter girl having this conversation with friend, re: chicken? Because of...
Problem #3: The counter girl didn't finish dealing with her previous customers before taking our order. So while another couple was kicking up a fuss at not getting enough brisket ("I ORDERED HALF A POUND OF BRISKET!"), counter girl was transfixed and ignoring us. For someone who was so interested in "customer service" two minutes ago, this is a swift and unexpected change. 
So we get to watch the unfolding soap opera about brisket that involves two customers, the manager, and the counter girl. No cups. No little number-on-a-stick. I finally ask for them, receive cups and number-on-a-stick, and retreat to the drink machine. While at the drink machine, another nice young woman approaches friend and I with our food. Would we like it here, at the drink machine? (No, you dipshit, we would like to sit in chairs.) So the food beats us to our table. This is probably a good thing. 
The food itself wasn't too bad, but I'm pretty sure the potato salad had bacon in it. (Two bites left me with a tummy ache.) The fries and garlic bread were both top notch, and friend reports that her chicken was worth at least four stars. 
Voodoo reminds me of those trust-fund hipster kids...I'm sure you know the type: ratty clothes in cheap, dingy apartments swilling PBR and bemoaning the demise of their favorite dive bar while getting a four-figure allowance every month from daddy's accountants. 
Accessibility notes: Dining rooms are accessible for mobility devices, but the bar is a step up. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours  so potential difficulties for hard-of-hearing customers.This place is AMAZING!! A must do when in the Big Easy. Pulled Pork is insanely good and the pulled pork is heaven. Eat here or kiss outIt was ok. Had the fried shrimp (too salty) but the corn pudding was delicious. Service was excellent. Very convenient to my hotel. I've been before and had BBQ which was VERY good, which is why they get a 3 star. I'd go again.I haven't been back to the Big Easy for a couple years, but I can't wait. And whenever I go, first stop is always Voodoo! Whether you are a carnivore or omnivore (if you are neither, stop reading), this place is for you. Delicious bbq chicken and meats of all varieties (I always have the chicken so am speculating on the latter!) They put a big roll of paper towels on the table, too, which is thoughtful. Voodoo boasts the typical NOLA charm you'll become addicted to. The casual setting is fun. The picnic-style tables inspire an animated, kick-back evening.Fun spot.  Stopped by for lunch while on vacation with friends. The food was good, and the menu has enough selection to make our group of picky eaters happy.  The staff was friendly and the place was comfortable for an informal meal before heading out to play tourist for the rest of the day.Eh. the amount of BBQ you get is definitely relative to the price you pay. My husband got a sandwich with the smallest amount of meat I've ever seen on a sandwich. Sauces were fine, not great. Voodoo chips were good but didn't get those until my husband was done with his sandwich. Rice and beans were really good & the free bread pudding you get when you check in was phenomenal but nothing was worth returning for in my opinion.not memorable..except for a major issue they have with bread portions....like it is gold or something. and the counter people don't know how to deal with problems and refuse to acknowledge that they are wrong.
moving on.The ribs were sub par.  The chicken was good.  The staff were not super friendly or helpful.  The eating area is super warm.Best potato salad I've ever had, hands down. 
Good BBQ sauce too. 
Service was casual but friendly.Visit: May 3
This was our 2nd choice to dine after 9pm, as we were disappointed with the Irish pub across the street.  We enjoyed deliciously seasoned ribs, a good beer selection and it was walking distance from our hotel in the garden district.  By the looks of the other reviews they may need to improve however for our NOLA visit, it was OK.  Thanks VooDoo.Ooh yeah! Flappers is tasty. I like everything here except service!Voodoo is great! During my stay in NOLA I would frequent this place for the good BBQ and the giant salads. Very consistent and tasty ;)Ok Boy isn't much of one.  Great sausage but it's that and a bun.  Expected a bit more than that.  Red beans & rice is decent.  Inexpensive menu and good food.  Just need a little extra.Went there on sunday and had the voodoo burger and it was like any other burger out there but with no taste. Tried ordering some bread pudding but they were out. I returned on Monday to have some ribs and guess what?! THEY WERE OUT OF RIBS!!!!! That's like Pizza Hut running out of pizza!!!! I had the chicken gumbo and it was good. I tried ordering the bread pudding AGAIN but they didn't have any!!!!  The manager said that the shipment would arrive today. Shipment?!?!!!?!?? Wait, they ship their bread pudding?!?!? Thanks but I'll pass. Really not impressed at all with this place. And now that I found out that it's a chain, forget it. There are other places like, KFC who have more flavor and guess what, they don't run out of things that they are suppose to have.Is this the BEST BBQ NOLA has to offer?  REALLY!  
I had to guard my plate for persistent flies in the dining area.  On the way to the restroom I found an impromptu preparation area for slicing onions.  This prep area was open to the elements the restrooms and the passing guests.  However it was also the lunch/dining area for  the staff who were happily eating and licking their fingers while preparing food.  
The waiters were rude and the are was unclean. 
The friend I went with SWORE this was amazing BBQ and I saw local awards on the wall for Best BBQ.  Boy was my friend and the local paper wrong.  Even thought it was lunch rush time the BBQ was dry and tough.  You had to choose one of the 3 sauces to wet the meat enough to go down.  I was sad to see the portion at this BBQ joint and that no sides were included in the inflated price.  
Never again and the hunt continues for some decent BBQEnjoyed our food. We got the pulled pork and sliced brisket.  Both had great flavor and were moist.  We didn't even use BBQ sauce, just enjoyed the flavor. The greens had good flavor and the sweet tea was awesome!My burger took a long time to prepare. It's understandable considering I wanted it well-done. But it was still pink when I bit into it. It was good, however, I wanted it well-done. Thankfully, they did recook it for me.As a regular, its expected to have the same experience each time. But i am not that foolhardy to actually believe this can happen. Corporate has eliminated the garlic toast. They only serve hard dry cornbread squares. If you orde the primerib french dip. It will be quite a disappointing experience. The menu does not specify that this sandwich is dressed with very strong horseradish sauce. Its literally smothered in piles of fried onions. If you pick it apart to find the primerib, its a small pile of scraps, probably from the carving table.The pulled pork is delicious!!! It's soft, moist and seasoned perfectly. Their BBQ sauces are great as well, both of them! We got two sides and a biscuit and that was more than enough to share between 2 adults. The corn pudding!!! Omg what a treat! It goes perfect with the tangy-ness of the pulled pork BBQ sauce and the Mac and cheese was creamy and very cheesy.
I also tried a Mardi Gras Po boy the next day but unfortunately was not as impressed. Overall, place is great for a quick eat.Great BBQ place. Cheap food. Cheap beers on tap. Sold me a $1 shooter. It tasted awful, but it was definitely in the spirit of what I was going for on my New Orleans vacation.I don't eat here too often, but when I was a Tulane student, VooDoo BBQ catered events there all the time. And those silver platters of food were devoured in seconds (although admittedly it may not be because of quality -- college students are hungry and love a free meal). I believe they are pretty reasonably priced, as well, so if you need to cater a casual event, this is an excellent pick.
I don't eat their meat or sandwiches very often, but I must say -- I love their sides. Give me cups of their corn pudding (almost like a mushy corn bread, moist and delicious), macaroni and cheese (indulgently cheesy), and rattlesnake beans (seasoned excellently and maybe a tiny bit spicy), and I'll be your new best friend.Had the jerk chicken with bbq jambalaya and gumbo. The jerk sauce has a kick to it, jambalaya was on point, gumbo was just sauce and white rice topped with chives. It lacked sausage and shrimp. Got a FREE bread pudding for checking-in on Yelp! Will def stop by again on next visit to NOLA :).Had the gravedigger with brisket and 1/2 chicken, loved the corn pudding and the voodoo greens.Food is good here but the women that work here are purposely rude. There was one lady who was new who seemed nice. They must not have schooled her yet on how to be rude to tourists. Shame on you Voodo Bbq, customers are the reasons you have a job!Meh. Food was just okay. BBQ sauce was great but our meats were dry. Atmosphere felt cheap and the place wasn't the cleanest. Employee at cash register and bartender were both on their phones when they weren't serving customers.Great BBQ.  I'm from Texas -  I know BBQ.  Though this isn't the Texas variety I'm accustomed to, the meat was great and the sauces innovative.  The brisket is more of a standout than the pulled pork and sausage.  The corn pudding, a very moist cornbread, was delicious.
Remember, there's more seating and a pool table in the back.Came here on Easter... because of the holiday, they were out of a lot but servers were warm, funny, and made our huge party feel welcome! Food was great, just what we needed!We loved this place while visiting. Nice comfortable feel. Good food. Great artwork and choice of food. Just go there. You won't be disappointed.Outstanding BBQ and southern food. Must try the sausage and Gris a Gris Greens. Very friendly service, fair prices and fun atmosphere. 
Pass on the Daiquiris in favor of one of the many local beers on tap.Awesome BBQ! I got the pulled pork, beans and greens! It was amazing and the mango habanero sauce has just enough kick. The owner came by and was very nice, he's from the West Coast and should bring this franchise back over here. -1 one star because the restaurant was clearly understaffed and I'm scared some food quality could have been compromised b/c of rushed staff.This place is kind of lame. It lacks the typical BBQ experience. It also is kind of like BBQ turned into fast food. Which is just very disconcerting to me. That being said its fairly inexpensive and will fill your stomach. Its also not that bad tasting. Overall its kind of just an average place to me. I'd go back again, but only if I'm near by, or tagging along with others. It hasn't decent sweet tea though.The staff is nice. The sweet tea is very good. However, I didn't like the food at all. The pulled pork was charred and hard. I was only able to eat about half of my pork because it was so burned and hard that I couldn't chew it. It was also served cold which was a shock. They were out of coleslaw which was also surprising for a bbq joint. I ordered a side of sweet potato casserole and it was very disappointing. I have heard that New Orleans has amazing food, but if this restaurant was a reflection of New Orleans food then I would disagree that New Orleans has great food. There was also a homeless guy asleep right outside the door on the sidewalk. Not a great welcoming sight.Unbelievable....the sides are incredible and the carnival has everything you need. Great service as well.Great BBQ !! Wonderful meats, all perfectly prepared.  The three sauces were fully explained by the staff before we dove into the 3 meat - (pulled pork, brisket, smoked chicken) platter with yummy sides- corn pudding, jumbalaya, red beans and rice,  and gumbo- amazing!!! Then with our check in we had bread pudding for dessert- scrumptiousIf ya down for some good tastin' and reasonable Louisiana home-cookin' dis is da place y'all! The food is great! No frills surroundings. Had the Slow Cooked Pulled Pork and Cajun Smoked Sausage platters with beans and corn pudding along with a Texas toast. YUM! 
Prices are also very reasonable. Just walk in, order at the counter, sit at a table and the food's out in a jiffy. The place is quite big, which you wouldn't guess from the front, with many rooms and a courtyard sitting area where you can smoke at the same time as you down a brewski and suck down a delicious home-cooked meal. They have a full bar as well with 4 kinds of beer on tap and another dozen bottled selections.
Highly recommended!Now a cab driver recommended this place while we where on our way to another BBQ-place. So we tried it out. I had the chicken leg meat, ribs and a sweet potatoe soufflé. Now the potatoe was no soufflé, it was good but it was mashed sweet potatoes with brown sugar and butter. Now the ribs and chicken where good but it really wasn't a big sized portion. And when you're visiting the U.S .you don't expect someone to have to order another portion just to quench your hunger (and this is no 400-pound beast but a 190-pound man). 
Would i revisit - NoLooking to cater an event? Look no further. "Lane" is the man to trust for all your bbq needs. I had 30 hungry high school kids. We worked on a great menu that pleased everyone. Price is reasonable. Food was fantastic. Order 2x the Mac and cheese . . . It's that good. Get a sweet potato soufflé for yourself! Yum!!! Always room for the best pan of brownies I've had in ages. Professional, punctual, reliable, and delicious. You will be so glad you called them to cater your event.Visiting NO figured we'd try it. Ordered the graveyard with greens & sweet potato souffle to share with my husband. Wow. Finished it off lickity split & ordered another one.  Great service great foodI had the pull pork, and chicken as far as the food, I think the chicken was quite dry even the fact they gave me dark meat and I ordered white, the pull pork was amazing. The mac n cheese was good, I didn't care for the potato salad much, overall it was okFood is super good. A little salty for my taste but worth every penny. The staff was friendly and fast. I would say the bbq is the second best I've every had with the first being my wife's ribs. In a city that specializes in seafood it was nice to have some awesome bbq.Wanted some great BBQ and wasn't disappointed. I walked in and was immediately greeted by a friendly staff member who asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited for my friend to show up. A glass of sweet tea later, we were asked if we wanted to sit at the nice bar in back, which we did. Really enjoyed our bartender, whose name I don't recall, but who spoke of his backpacking through Utah and his new puppy. A bluberry vodka and sprite later, our food came out and boy was it good. 
Ribs with a pecan marinade were juicy and tender, as well as the BBQ chicken, steamed veggies with butter, and a savory corn pudding. If I'd have had room, the bread pudding would have been ordered, but alas, I was stuffed. 
If you're staying in the French Quarter or downtown, take the St. Charles street car ($1.25 each way), which drops you off right in front of the restaurant.When we arrived, they didn't have any ribs, potato salad, french fries, jambalaya, or gumbo.  So we left!I was very disappointed with my rib and chicken plate which was the special on Wednesday.
The person that took my order said that the ribs would be 15 minuets. I said i woud wait. She said it again. I said Id wait.
Think these ribs would be hot off the grill and tender and tasty. Huh was not. No flavor of smoke nor seasonings
Now as of the chicken. The chicken was not seasoned at all. So sad to say the worst meal for15 bucks
Oh even the steamed veggies gawd aweful not fresh at all and over cooeked
If it hadn't been for the cornbread well it was good and the only thing I could eat
Will not be returningblech. my jerk chicken was way over-processed. no chicken breast in sight. my dining partner's ribs were also over-priced and nasty. forget about it.Had the Brisket Po Boy, corn pudding and a draft. Brisket was tender but dry and lacked flavor. Roll was very good and Corn pudding  although decent was not worth the $2.49. Since you order and pay at the counter before you sit down you don't see the free corn pudding till it is too late. Total cost of meal $14.25 before tip.....
  I have lived in Memphis, NC, MS and worked in TX, Kansas city and St Louis... So I know BBQ. This was definitely lacking (at least what I had). The sauces were no great. The traditional was iff the shelf with too much heat added.  The other 2 missed the mark as well. 
  The counter help seemed pleasant but didn't go out of their way to assist or clarify.  
  All in all it was OK but I don't see my self stopping in again. Will go to the other fine restaurants in the areaAbita Amber (on tap), pulled pork, mac n cheese, greens and texas toast.  The lunch of champions as far as I'm concerned.
BBQ is hard to categorize or rate.  Often it gets so much hype ("this is THE BEST bbq you WILL EVER EAT IN YOUR LIFE") that it's impossible to live up to it.
Walking in off the street starving looking for a good lunch might be the ideal way to approach it.  Hey this place looks good, they have paper towels on the tables, thats a good sign.  Etc.  Welcome to Voodooquick fast food BBQ joint -- ordered the half rack ribs which were so tender, flavorful, falling off the ribs good!  they slow cooked them for about 18 hours and rather than dousing them in BBQ sauce, Voodoo BBQ adds in their own dry spices and rubs.  very warm and friendly wait staff as well.  The ribs came with two side dishes -- we chose potato salad and rattlesnake beans which were better than anything we've tasted before of these basic sides.  We licked the plate clean it was so good!  Potato salad was seasoned well and beans were swimming in this wonderful sugary sauce.  
A must return back when I'm in New Orleans Garden District again!!Not the best BBQ ever but decent. The meat is only so-so. The sauces are decent. My husband likes there vinegar based sauce alot but I'm more of a sweet BBQ sauce fan and it was lacking. Don't expect anything fancy... It's not the cleanest nicest place ever but it's the best we have found here in Nola so far.