The W is located on Chartres Street which is two over from Bourbon and distanced just enough from the bustle -while keeping in touch with the excitement. The street is shared with the beautifully architected building of the Louisiana Supreme Court (it's rear exit is across the street around 300 yards away) and holds a similar, but futuristic beauty as the past and present designs collide. The recently renovated W has a small, but inviting outdoor swimming pool which is located within a quaint and secluded courtyard. The area is adorned with a fountain, benches, a palm & beautifully shaped shade tree, as well as, two large cabanas. The room itself is a bit tight, but has a futuristic and clean design that adds a bit of a wow factor while differentiating itself from others. My experience of detriment was two-fold: The design and size of the cabinetry did not allow us to completely unpack our suitcases -due to the lack of dresser draws. The second disappointment was the absence of quality housekeeping throughout our stay.I've stayed here only once and really enjoyed being in the Quarter, with a pool. Not many stylish hotels with pools in the New Orleans. Not sure why either. So anyway our room was nicer then the one on Poydras, we had a balcony which always provided some kind of street entertainment. And the pool, I mentioned the pool but it's in the middle of this beautiful W-fied courtyard and it's just a chillaxin place to be. One thing to note, it wasn't during JazzFest which I am sure changes the dynamics of this place.Rooms are small, we had a Fabulous Room courtyard access. Bathrooms are very small and cramped. Poor lighting in room and just basic. Don't get a room on 2nd floor..proximity to Gym is noisy and floor shakes.
The vibe is cool and location is great, Hotel is just average.A couple of friends stayed here... great location and great atmosphere.  The rooms are hipper.  I really liked the out door lounging area ... the pool needs a huge upgrade since it is the "W".  At the "W" you imagine a swanky pool...not some motel type.  
Free drinks is a major plus tho!My boyfriend and I stayed here our last three days of our road trip through the south. We stayed in some pretty rustic places along the way. This was a sad experience. The hotel was a mess, our room was dirty, falling apart, nothing worked. We called many times to have menus sent up, nobody came. Our flat screen tv never worked. We called to have somebody fix it and nobody came and they actually charged us for movies, which they promised to take off and never did. 
When I got home to see all of the charges, I called and was transferred back and forth 5 times. The women I finally got said it was too hard to go onto previous reservations?!? We will definitely be staying someplace much smaller next time.We stayed here in January just before the super bowl. The rooms were clean and the only problem we had was that the iron and coffee machine broke. They were pretty quick to replace it though. Room service was a little slow some days but overall the stay was great. The food was really good for breakfast and we went to SoBou one night for dinner - great menu. The hotel is on the trendy side. There is a really nice courtyard where we sat out, enjoyed the fire pit and drank some wine - did not get crowded at all. There was a heated outdoor pool that we didn't try but some people we swimming in it. The gym only had a few treadmills and some weights, not suitable for a gym rat. The location was perfect - everything was a short walk away (Jackson Square, Cafe Du Monde, Galatoires, K Pauls, etc). At night we opened our window and heard a lone saxophone playing some great music. The staff was very helpful with planning day trips and dinner reservations. We would stay here again.I have always relied on the W Hotels for a hip customer experience that left me feeling good about the SPG program. I have stayed at several W hotels all over the world and have received excellent customer service, a clean room with top of the line amenities and services. 
The W New Orleans was a COMPLETE disappointment, from check in, to room cleanliness, to room service to check out. The only positive thing I can say about it is that it is convenient for exploring the French Quarter. 
Do not stay here. There are too many other better options.Let me start by saying I am NOT picky about hotels. I expected a lot better for the W--it felt like a Motel 6. 
First, I had requested 2 queens far ahead of time. When they finally checked me into my room--3 hours after I had arrived, so at 6pm--it was a single king meaning it was a small room as well. 
The pillows were stained with I'm not sure what...saliva? Sweat? When it was time to iron my clothes, I had to put a sheet on top of the ironing board because it was filthy. Maid service came around 5pm each day, and the one time I ordered room service they didn't take the tray from outside my door until almost 24 hours later. 
The room was moldy smelling, my tv didn't work, and when I tried to order room service after 9pm, two nights in a row they had only one item on their menu. And bonus, they charge $14 for wifi per day! Who charges for internet anymore?
The good thing about this hotel is the location, but it is WAY overpriced. I would stay in a hostel over this place.3 stars is all i can give, and i love me some W hotels.  the location could not be better and the grounds are beautiful, striking in fact.  while lounging in the pool under the giant magnolia tree i just kept fantasizing i was in a tennessee williams play, except this fantasy included the piped in W hotel house music and spotty pool side cocktail service.  we met up with some gays (the gays also love the w-see uploaded photos and this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2H0lcw2MgA) who had actually recruited "malek" the adorable parking valet to ferry us cocktails from the bar to the pool because all of their poolside attendants were M.I.A.  minor issue, but all through our stay little inconveniences like these kept popping up.  often the front desk was completely unmanned- i had to actually go around the corner and call into their back room for help THREE TIMES.  i called the famous "whatever/whenever" service line about six times during our weeklong stay, four of those times no one ever picked up the phone.  One time i followed up my unanswered whatever/whenever call to the front desk and was told by the front desk clerk "oh yeah baby, i tried calling them earlier to tell them i was gonna be late and no one answered then either!"  WHAT?!  i appreciated her candor, but this is a "W" they are famous for running like a well oiled expensive machine that caters to your every whim- not a half assed extended stay marriot.  the rooms themselves are also a bit worn around the edges, ours needed a coat of paint, the cold water tap was broken on the sink and i had to call to have it fixed (no one noticed this before we checked in!?) and our room was missing an i pod dock, which i also had to call two times to actually receive.  also no room service past 9:30???  we had the drunk munchies and had to order a freaking pizza!  where is my 3 am W cheese plate?!?!?  we are californians people!!
this W needs a serious crackdown, the staff although friendly were mostly ineffective-except of course for my boy malek who gets five stars for in between parking cars bringing us sazeracs.
would i stay here again?  if the rate was really low, i'm sure i would because the location and grounds are fantastic, but i would lower my expectations for sure and poolside BYOB it.Within stumbling distance to Bourbon Street how can you go wrong?   It is a typical W Hotel in style with it's funky lighting and decor.  
The service is good and they only hire cute people.  I have stayed here several times and the rooms are quite large for a W...maybe we always get a suite...I don't know because my bf takes care of that stuff.
Sometimes I wonder how I made it back to the hotel but it is easy to find.  Look for the W sticking out of the building.  That's how I do it.This Hotel is, as most W's are, gorgeous. We had a Large room with a balcony. I loved the open layout of the infamous W living room. When we arrived at our room we could not get in, after 15 minutes of maintenance fixing our door we got in. Not more than 10 minutes in our room and one of the maintenance personel had brought us a fruit and cheese plate as an apology for the inconvenience.  The attention was constant our entire stay!  Awesome! Loved the room, would gladly stay again!My boyfriend and I were coming from the Queen and Crescent, which is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, so that may have colored my impression and made this seem like a destination of splendor and glory, but I do believe this is boutique hotel-ing at its finest.  Slick, minimal decor, great beds, friendly staff, free baby water bottles at the valet and fantastic Bliss products in the room.  (including face wash!)
The location is outstanding, right around the corner from Emeril's  delicious Nola and walking distance to just about everything you could desire.  
It's a bummer that you have to pay for wi-fi, which is why I'm giving it four stars.  Hotel guests should always get wifi for free, in my opinion.  But seriously this is the place to stay.This is a well-located hotel but the service is poor. We asked the concierge for assistance with a rental car and he was no help whatsoever. The room is awkward and desperately in need of a couple of small chest of drawers. Poorly lit with only a small window that you have to walk into a little alcove to access. My husband likes the gym.I am 3/4 of the way through my stay at this hotel.  I have not been as impressed with the property compared with other W Hotels.
Definitely a great location, which made it nice to explore for my first time in New Orleans.  The staff was helpful, but made no mention of some of the ammenities (gym, Acura experience, etc.) that I would have liked to take advantage of and other reviewers have mentioned.
My room is tiny and for a business traveler, the small circular table in the corner does not cut it for working.  They decor is appropriately hip, but the room is arranged very uncomfortably.  As others have mentioned the walls are very thin.  My particular room (on the 4th floor) smelled like smoke.
Overall the stay has been ok but not worth the price.  I am not sure that I would stay here again.Although perfectly located in the French Quarter, I believe the high price is not warranted. The staff was friendly but not efficient. Five requests from three different people was not enough to have the morning coffee urn in the lobby refilled. Very inconsistent and unclear rule enforcement left some guests in our party confused and unhappy. Out of three nights, one night saw our bed still unmade and the room not attended to. I'm still waiting for a management call back regarding our rate, an issue which should have been easily resolved in house.
This was our second stay at the hotel, but when we return to New Orleans, as you know we will, we'll be seeking more accommodating accommodations.I've always wanted to stay at a W Hotel. This was my first experience and it was very underwhelming.
PROS:
- The location is great. Close to everything and you can always stop by for a break or to use the restroom.
- Staff is helpful and nice. Any questions I had they were more than willing to answer and help.
- Nice courtyard area. Saw plenty of people hanging out in the area and by the pool.
CONS:
- The bathroom was broken and did not flush. We had to get someone to come up and fix it. After fixing the bathroom there was some splatter of water on the floor. Gross.
- The rooms are outdated and old. The paint was chipped off. The ceiling had some artwork that was starting to peel. Underneath the bedding, the mattress looked like it was old and was stained. Ew.
- My room had one of those doors that connected to the next room. At night, I thought someone was throwing up in the hallway. I think they were throwing up in the next room, passed that door. Hah.
Overall, I would not come back to this hotel for the price. When I was taking the elevator down to the street level, two people were in the elevator with me on the phone saying they're switching hotels and how this did not live up to the W hotel name.
I stayed at the Marriott down the street last time for work and would have preferred that hotel over this.I never stayed here but the outside when I encountered it along my walk... Oh I had to save this and remind myself this is the place I wanted to stay on my next visit! so romantic outdoor gates!Stayed here over NYE 2011.  Great location in the French Quarter.  Within walking distance to Bourbon St, Jackson Square, Moonwalk, Cafe Beinet/Du Monde and all stops in between.  Great customer service from everyone - front desk, bellhop, and valets.
Rooms are nice but about NYC size. Docking a star for no lounge or in-room wifi.This was my second stay here, and I've had a great (but short) visit.  
We got upgraded to a room with a lounge area and balcony, which was quite nice.
The hotel bar is excellent (great service and good drinks), and the outdoor lounge area near the pool is lovely.
The service is top-notch.
My only complaint was the missing soap and lotion in the bathroom, but they remedied that within minutes when notified.There are only two good things about this hotel: the rain shower head and the friendly front desk staff. The walls are so thin that you can hear you're neighbors 3:45am rendezvous like it's in your own room or the housekeeping staff slamming the closet doors like cymbals at 8am. It took 5 calls to get our room cleaned. Sheets and towels itchy. Will never ever be back.Ok this place is amazing. I have worked in the hotel industry for 15 years most has been in management so I have to say I'm pretty tough on services. The first time two years ago we had booked at another hotel. Our experience was horrible so we called the W they walked us in a treated us like royalty. We booked again for my nephews wedding this past weekend. Shawn at the front desk remembered us from two years ago. She sent up champagne and a fruit platter to welcome us back. Then I couldn't find the ATM so the bartender walked me across the courtyard to where it was. Another note, our air was not working very well so when Mo came to access the room he brought a whole separate floor unit in until he could get ours fixed. Then he sent us a bottle of wine. This is how you take care of you customers. Very impressedI've stayed here twice and will return. Great location and nice people working there! Funky courtyard, weird decor and comfy beds. Great restaurant and bar. Some weird room issues like bad reading lights and strange bathroom design I can overlook because the people working at the hotel are so wonderful! Elijah best concierge ever! Joseph is awesome and Quentin remembered my first visit with my daughter! I have not experienced this with any other hotel! Give it a chance and let them help plan your visit if you are a first timer!Pros
-Location: Perfectly located in the heart of the French Quarter.
-Sobu (restaurant attached to the hotel): They have happy hour starting at 3pm, which is where my husband and I started each evening. Cocktails and food are all excellent!
-Pool/Courtyard area: really nice to sit by the pool and in the courtyard area for morning coffee or a nightcap!
Cons
-Parking: it costs $46 per night to park your car at the hotel and this isn't listed anywhere on their website. Also quite annoying that we didn't check in to the hotel until 11:30pm and were charged for a full day of parking. 
-Staff: Valet gave us a "luggage ticket" instead of a "valet ticket" and couldn't locate our car when we were ready to check out. The valet accused us of losing the valet ticket and then apologized when they saw the other half of the "luggage ticket" they gave was actually hanging in the window...after it took them 20 minutes to find our car.
-Staff (Part 2): Someone charged an $85 breakfast to our room and when I called the front desk to inquire about getting the charge removed I was asked "Are you sure you just don't remember ordering the breakfast?" Yes...I'm sure. And I still had the receipt from where I actually had breakfast on that day. They said they would call me back and when they did, went through an itemized list of what was ordered and asked if I was absolutely certain that I had not ordered the food. Still positively certain.Great location. Great vibe. Great staff. Great product. Great experience.   Can't go wrong at The W!I was recently married at this hotel.
To begin planning over a year ago, we had the hardest time getting in contact with the events coordinator at the W French Quarter. We would call her 5 times to get one response, and she always sounded like she was doing us a favor to have our wedding there. This person was promoted, so we were informed we would be working with someone new. This worked out well, because the new events coordinator is MUCH more responsive and much friendlier. We had requested a room to be booked for us several times in the 8 months leading up to the wedding. They got back to us 2 months before the wedding to let us know they were able to find us a room only because they had a cancellation.
The room for the reception was supposed to be set up by 8 am, so we could get in and make adjustments and finish decorating, it wasn't. The lighting subcontractor we signed a contract with through the W never showed up! Our ceremony was completely dark and there was nothing we could do. The original coordinator had also told us that the courtyard would be completely blocked off for half an hour, but this was not true. We had strangers wandering around our wedding ceremony and even in our reception room that came to check out what was going on.
Then, when we sat down for dinner, they served us completely different food than what we had tasted and ordered. The food was still good, but not what we were expecting. They also screwed up the order and were planning on bringing desert even though it's a wedding and we told them we had a cake? They seemed very befuddled by the fact that a wedding would have a wedding cake and that we needed them to serve it, even though this was one of the things we had distinctly asked about before the wedding. To top off the night, they cleared our personal cake knife and server and lost it. They have not found it and have not returned it.
With that being said, the bartender at our event was awesome! Because we started late, she extended the bar by the length of time the event was delayed and when our music briefly went out, she came in and sang for us with her booming, beautiful voice.  
The room we stayed in was also large enough to accommodate 7 girls getting ready.
Also, they completely botched our bill at checkout and overcharged us by $200 by doubling a valet charge and charging a lunch at the restaurant that we weren't even there for. They did fix this.
The W was completely unsympathetic to all complaints and questions about why things went wrong and offered Starwood points in compensation, gee thanks. I really have no desire to stay at a W ever again. 
Five stars for the bartender, aesthetics, and the front desk staff, 1 star for all the other stuff. Don't have your wedding here, just don't. It's really not worth it. 
Update: They did finally find our cake and knife server.If it's class, comfort and excellent service you're looking for, then W New Orleans - French Quarter will certainly deliver. 
I scrambled all over Yelp in search of a hotel that would not disappoint. I'm not too picky with my hotels, but when you're traveling with a little diva, one must plan accordingly. Amongst the sea of reviews on N.O. Yelp, a lot of the more aged hotels were said to have thin walls, A/C issues and no-pet policy. I was only left with a few boutique hotels in mind; but no complaints here. Once I came across W's page on ol' Yelp, I was pleased and booked my one-night stay via Hotels.com.
This W differs from the other locations; rooms are a bit smaller in size, though I never felt cramped, and though the interior design, decor and amenities are trendy, the exterior and pool area still keep with N.O.'s historic look. 
For check-in, pull up to the valet but don't take out your bags and bring them into the mini-lobby. Rooms are actually located to the left of the lobby and hotel restaurant, Bacco.
My standard room ($139/night) was in the corner, far from the elevator--just how I like-and equipped with a plush king-size bed, extra pillows, flat screen, iPod station, Bliss bath products, and a large restroom with stand-up shower ... and much more: http://www.starwoodhotels.com/whotels/property/rooms/amenities.html?propertyID=2030 And it was a lot larger than I anticipated. 
Don't forget your workout gear (ahem, eat a lot of beignets?) because they have a workout room, and also your swimsuit. I only checked out the pool located on theground level complete with small grassy areas, cabanas and lounge seats. It was a Sunday night, so not much of a scene, but I'm sure weekends make for better people-watching. 
As mentioned, W New Orleans - French Quarter is pet-friendly. Keep in mind, they require a $100 non-refundable cleaning fee and $25 for additional nights. I didn't know about this when booking my room, and it was too late to turn back once I caught it on their site. The P.A.W. - Pets Are Welcome amenity offers the following: dog walking, custom W Pet Bed, pet treat. Also--according to their site--you receive a welcome packet with a pet toy, W Hotels pet tag, clean-up bags, food/water bowl, pet-in-room door sign, special treat at turndown and, and a letter explaining the pet services, such as pet-walking and grooming. For that $100 fee, I was pleased to read this ... but ... we didn't get *any* of this. Thus, the one star deduction. They also have a 40lb limit for dogs, so keep that in mind. And as other reviews mentioned, there was a small dust issue. Not too big of a deal since I only spotted it below the nightstand on the glass and ice bowl tray (which I didn't end up using).
I'll still book my next stay here. It was a comfortable, accommodating with excellent service and so many amenities that I've yet to check out.Decent hotel in the French Quarter, convenient to both Bourbon and Canal Streets. The hotel just underwent a remodel, so the rooms are pretty new. They were also quiet given the location. On the downside, I'm just not a fan of the W scene- it's very hipsterish and cool, but not very practical. For instance, the bathroom door is glass so if you want to take a leak in the middle of the night you wake up your spouse. Or the computer desk is cool, but not very comfortable. Also, $12.50 for a Heineken from the minibar? I knew Minibars are expensive, but that's highway robbery. Lastly, the staff was friendly but slow- continental breakfast was a 45 min affair. But everyone tried very hard and was very cordial.Great stay!  The staff was so friendly and willing to help. There is construction going on which did not affect our stay but you could tell the staff was trying even harder to make sure everyone had a good stay. Room service comes from a neighboring kitchen I believe, but why would you waste your time & money eating in your room when you're in freakin' New Orleans?  So no big deal to us. We didn't hear any construction noise except when we were outside, plus it doesn't even start until 9 or so.  The courtyard was cool, modern with a small pool. Great location in the quarter but also within walking distance to the CBD & convention center.Most W hotels that I've stayed at are typically nicely decorated. The W New Orleans-French Quarters was left a bit short of that. 
While the hotel's architecture is very unique and quite appropriate to its location, the French Quarters, the  decor in the room left me a bit puzzled and disappointed by its poor quality and lack of taste. 
I can't quite explain how it looked, but even though the bed was nicely done,the room looked as if a hurricane had gone through. It looked as if the furniture and decor was run down. 
Despite staying in a Deluxe double room with a private balcony, the room was extremely small and left very little space to walk from one side to another. 
Worst W Hotel I've ever stayed at in my many years as a Starwood Preferred Gold member. We moved to the Westin Hotel the day after.As an SPG lifetime gold and platinum I stay more nights than I'd like away from home. Checked in today and waiting in the lobby for 2 hours. At 6pm, room is still not ready and told it will be 7pm. Asked for another room then and checked into a very dark, tired (scuffs on walls, missing tile in bathroom, scratched up furniture). While waiting at lobby bar for room, they never entered my order.... waited then finally asked. Asked for water twice and still never got it. Finally asked for the check. Seems like the whole operation is drained of attn to detail or service. I will say, that Evan at the front desk was super, trying to help but issues seem more a lack of management. Next time I will try the le meridian a short distance away.This hotel is perfect for the walk of shame and vampires!  Especially if you are like me and become nocturnal/alcoholic immediately on arrival.  Hey, in a city that serves booze, um, 24 hours a day, it can happen.  Every night.
The hotel is located conveniently on Chartrers, which is a great express route to avoid the throngs of rioting drunk tourists littering the strip clubs and daiquiri bars of Bourbon St.  
My courtyard/sundeck facing room was quiet as a library as I slept through the sunlight.  This did cause a problem with housekeeping.  I mean, I did forewarn when I finally left for the day errrr evening, but they still didn't change the room.  I had plenty of towels, and my beds are never made anyway, so this isn't a huge deal, but that meant NO REFILLS ON GUMMY BEARS.  That is simply inexcusable and lost them a star.  I would have thrown a Platinum tantrum in the living room, but I was distracted by Hershey's kisses.  ooo, shiny!
Speaking of the living room:
Me:  "Everything is for sale in this hotel, no?  How much is this W (HEART) SPG statue?  I'm a brand whore and I want it"
Desk Clerk:  "Sir, that will be $2,000."
Me: "What?  No fair, you didn't charge me when one of my drunk friends stole the desk bell at a Sheraton!"
Next time I steal first and review bill later.
I loved the courtyard, with its fire fountain, fun relaxy furniture, pool,  and subtle housey music that ramped up the gay factor like an Abercrombie & Fitch store (minus the shirtless models trying to "sell"  clothes or what I can only assume is a Larry Craig encounter).  It did get a bit cold later in the evening when the darned weather turned absolutely mad (sorry, I'm from California, we don't know this 10 degree windchill stuff).  According to one of the extra security (brought in, no doubt, to keep away drunks like us without room keys), they ran out of gas and hid the extra portable heaters.  boo!  
In all, a great hotel with a great staff!  I'll be back!The most amazing customer service ever. I will only stay here when I visit just to see Kym and Niquan. These ladies were such a joy and very knowledgeable about the area. I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay here!! I can't wait to come back !!!I just stayed at the W for my brothers wedding. Overall it was a very cool hotel. Very different from other W's.Almost a boutique feel to it but thats to be expected with the smaller properties in the French Quarter. The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because the rooms showed some abuse but what do you expect with all the drunk nights in New Orleans. My favorite part was the inner courtyard..it was very nice and cool to hang out at.Great hotel right in the middle of it all! Feels old but new which I guess can be good and bad. Everyone was friendly and accommodating and we would recommend this hotel.Just got here on ash Wednesday after end of Mardi G. My sweet husband booked an expensive room to celebrate our 30th anniversary. This property is NOT the usual W hotel we are used to: it's an old building with very noisy air condition unit, I woke up st 3am unable to sleep. The cleaning crew is noisy at 9am. Don't they know guests around the French Quarter party all night to wake them up as early? Apparently not. Restaurant in the hotel gets zero stars, pork/bacon nightmare, not vegetarians friendly menu. Overall, clean room, large bathroom and shower, large closet, limited drawers, free internet. For the price we paid we expected a suit and we got a large room = to a 3.5 star hotel. will not return.Perfect quick stop over with kids! Centrally located. Adorable courtyard and friendly staff. Our room with a balcony was a bonus. Love the location and friendly staff. We will definitely stay again.It's lovely.  Sweet little boutique version of the typical large, monumental W hotel.   
Classic New Orleans Courtyard, yet a modern room.  Unique juxtaposition. 
The rooms were slightly small, but I loved the view of the courtyard and the comfortable bed.  
And LOCATION is everything.  Perfect location.If I could give this hotel less than one star I would. I had my wedding in New Orleans and all my guests stayed here. This hotel lost and screwed up almost every reservation. When my guests arrived at the hotel none of the rooms were ready so my guests had to wait around for them to clean rooms that were supposed to be ready hours ago. They were a total nightmare to deal with and completely incompetent. I will never stay at this hotel again, nor will any of the several guests at my wedding. The only positive thing I have to say about this nightmare of a stay is that the bellhops were great with helping with bags and getting our cars.Nice decor all around and awesome staff!  In my opinion the location was perfect. It was close enough to Bourbon st but far enough away from the crazy crowd and noise. Being a W hotel expect to spend $$$I recently joined SPG as I'm familiar with the standards of their hotels so I expected the W French Quarters to be spectacular. Also, their concierge Elijah aka The W Insider reached out  via email about a week before we were to arrive to provide us with some "insider" info to make our stay fantastic- he was spot on with his leads.
After driving/manuvering through some major flooding when got off of the highway to the cultural NOLA (calf level-locals were in gollishes) in a mustang on our way to the French Quarters we finally arrived up to the establishment. What caught my attention was the giant blue eye catching balloon lights hanging from the ceiling of the car port/entrance, it was pretty and I liked it. Then the best valet ever by the name of Mike greeted us... He was extremely accomodating and friendly!!! Mike gave us 2 drink passes at SoBou, the onsite restaurant (we didn't get a chance to use the vouchers during our stay).
Check in was easy and the front desk personnel provided us with a map of our surroundings and highlighted all of the local spots that we should hit up. We were about a 2 block walking distance from Bourbon st (2 blocks were under construction but we weren't affected). Oh yea, parking is quite pricey here.
We stayed in the courtyard level king suite 233 with jacuzzi and patio. When we walked in, our eyes were completely satisfied at how appeasing the decor was and the fully stocked wet bar. The room temperature was perfect and the jacuzzi ready to go..woo hoo!! The colors in the room were inviting and the bed comfy. The bathroom was smaller than expected but very modern in style-mirrors galore. I must point out issues with the room; a leaky air conditioner vent and some of the furniture was damaged (scratched or leaning). 
Customer service was a hit or miss with the whatever whenever service. I called the front desk for the location of a ice machine and because of where our room was situated they stated that ice would be brought to us-there was a bit of a wait where I had to make a 2nd call after 30 minutes of not receiving the bucket of ice. Then there was the black out that affected us and the surrounding 2 blocks - GOOD thing we were showered, dressed and almost ready to head out of the door. We didn't appreciate that the hotel didn't alert us of the outage. It would of been nice if the 1 of the 3 staffers that we saw during this time would of asked if we were ok or mentioned anything about the issue. Later that late night I made a call to the front desk requesting the use of a microwave oven. I was told that it was at the front desk- I then walked my cold food to the front desk to find that the door was locked which resulted in me having to walk back to my room to call the front desk back for entry and was told that she was waiting for me to "knock on the door". I WILL say that when I eventually was able to have my food warmed the staff member offered to bring it back to my room-nice enough. We had a late check out and when it was time for us to depart I called the front desk for luggage assistance- our friend Mike came and made it happen expedtiously. I also remembered that I needed a bucket of ice so I called the Whatever Whenever line and the staff member's response was as though I asked her to go to the local Walmart to buy me a bag of ice. She repeated my request back to me as if she couldnt believe what I was asking for-this request wasn't fulfilled. Mike to the rescue tho...he was a gem again as he hooked up us up with the ice and packed our cooler like a pro. 
All in all, we enjoyed our stay with the minor drawbacks. If all of their staff was like Mike, this would of been 5 stars instead of 3. Great Customer service goes a long way!I'm a big fan of the W chain and being an SPG Plat, try to book the W in whichever city I'm visiting. But 2 W's disappointed me recently and this is one of them (W Union Square is the other one). 
I do give them a star for trying, but this place is just focused on events and not their guests. The courtyard is beautiful and I loved hanging out there Saturday night, but the room itself is cramped and with insects! The cordless phone is broken and the sink was broken! 
They started using their leaf-blower at 8am and so loud, that even neighboring buildings could hear it. 8am!?!? Shouldn't they wait at least until 10am when most people will be awake!?
Some of the staff is friendly, but we got caught between a manager who could be working at a gas station and not care (Malishia - sp?) and very junior intern-type receptionists. The W needs to do a better job staffing all their hotels - especially in places where you rely so much on the front desk for help, guidance and advice!
The one shout-out is to Stacy, who tried to apologize for Malicia's behavior and told us lots of guests have been complaining about her attitude problems...
Oh and the Acura service only runs until 5pm now and during our 3-day stay, wasn't around a single time for us to utilize. I don't know if they just keep it hidden to save gas...If you're looking for a relaxing stay near Bourbon street, this is the place. The staff attention to customer service is exceptionally high! I wish I would of booked a longer stay. The courtyard and pool were gorgeous. We were able to open the windows in our rooms. I almost forgot I was 3 blocks away from the chaos. Complimentary cocktails at the lobby were the icing on the cake. The hotel bar at Sobou was amazing! Stick around for the $0.25 lunch martinis or happy hour sips! 
Cons: Unfortunately, a few cleaning details were missed. The bathroom sink wasn't immaculate. The room decor was simple. Overall, I would stay again! I loved the vibe and customer service.This is our new go-to hotel for when we come to New Orleans.  
This was honestly the BEST staff I have ever encountered at a hotel.  They will bend over backwards to get you anything you need.  
The hotel is absolutely beautiful, even though there were renovations going on.  They worked durning the afternoon, and were gone by cocktail hour, so we barely even noticed anything was going on.
Adorable lobby, affordable valet parking, AMAZING courtyard, fantastic location, nice pool...just an overall great staying experience.While it is understandable that certain amenities can be a bit slipshod due to the advent of Mardi Gras, the wi-fi (which, by the way, is surcharged to your bill, unless you make a point to them that you are kind of staying a wee bit of a long time, like say, 5 days...in which case, they "generously" tab you for.
Problem is, you can't go for more than 10 minutes without a steady wifi connection!  Why do you not have more ports, W?  You sure are taking hundreds of my dollars for my stay.  The least you can do is have something consistent!
Bed is so-so.  Soft and low to the ground, chic, and you will wake up sore.  But, if you have drunk one too many hurricanes from Pat O'Briens, that may be the least of your concerns. Remote for tv...Taping the battery cover with black tape?  Nice touch, W!
Bathroom is quite lux! Lighting to the soft touches and sink.  
The view of the courtyard....WALL, from the fourth floor, was admirable!  The vista of a wall of taupe has never looked better!
All in all, it was relaxing, but for my first time experience at the French Quarter, and the amount I was doling out, I certainly was expecting a LOT more.  
(BTW, I had to reconnect 3 times to make this review...just had to mention this)Just stayed here for six nights with my wife and kids.  Very cool hotel with a great vide.  Service was fantastic.  Walking distance to so many places.   Only complaint is that the rooms are small and not sound proof, thus it is tough to sleep in in the AM.   But who goes to New Orleans to sleep?Stayed around 10/31/08, the room was very comfortable though the staff was a bit loud while cleaning rooms.  It's one thing to chit-chat and gossip while working but it's another to dish and hoot-holler while guests have "do not disturb' hangers on the doors.  Good thing for ear-plugs.
Whatever/Whenever service didn't work.  Early cab and check-out for to airport didn't work plannned as did the packed lunch for the trip home.
The grounds are amazing, the bar-restaurant are great though.I wish I could give negative stars. We have 4 people in 1 room with 1 king. When we pointed out the issue of 2 people without accommodations we were given 1 twin air mattress- our fourth person was told to sleep on the floor. 
W and Starwood Hotels should be ashamed of their inexcusable behavior.The hotel is beautiful, and very clean. The staff is great and very friendly. However, the room is OK. The bathroom has some kind of frosted glass, so you can pretty much see everyone's silhouette through the door. The maids slammed a lot of doors when they were cleaning, and made it a little impossible to take a nap. TV doesn't have HBO, and they overcharge for the movies ($17.99 a movie). I will say though, the staff was very attentive, and great. Especially Elijah at concierge, he was very accommodating, and personally saw through every request we made. If I was rating based on service, I would give the place 5 stars.My most recent stay at this hotel was during Halloween 2009!  By the way, if you ever decide to go to NOLA for Halloween, I highly recommend it.  I had so much fun!
I have been to this hotel many times and due to the fact that the hotel was converted from a mansion and that it is old, expect some flaws.
This is my fourth visit, and although the rooms are small, and there seems to be a sort of renovation with some of the furniture and bedding, the AC leaked and the toilet kept running after you flushed. 
On the bright side, they did get new TVs and the carpeting looked newer.
If you are paying full price for this hotel, expect some problems that will leave you with a sour face. You should not have to call the front desk for problems that are persitent all the time. 
Overall the hotel is nice and had a lot going for it, but calling maintenace to fix problems with the room is not on the menu for a fun time in New Orleans!
The staff must be new and perhaps under new management.  Everyone was welcoming and always asked if they culd help in anny way.  The outdoor courtyard has a new look to it as well.  
I would have to say that this hotel has a lot going for it.  It is much smaller than some of the other hotels nearby, so you will have a more personal experience.
I had to switch rooms two times.  The first room was a courtyard room that opened to the balcony.  The room was very nice and spacious with two double beds.  I switched the room due to condensation from the AC.  They upgraded me to a suite the next day but for only one night.  That was fine, it was a very nice room in what they call The Carriage House with an outdoor courtyard with hot tub.  The next day I settled for the standard room since the hotel was full.  It was a bit larger than most of the other standard rooms but since I payed for the room on points, they said that they would credit my account for the point difference as well as a 2K extra points for the hassle.This hotel was great! My husband and I were traveling to NOLA weekend for our baby moon as our first baby is due in June. After a lot of research we choose this hotel as it had suite with a private jacuzzi. Which was perfect so we could sight see during the day and relax in our own private spa at night! Unfortunately, due to an error on my part I picked the suite but did not pick the sweet with jacuzzi (make sure when booking you pick the rate with the jacuzzi included in the amenities it, a little confusing) when checking in we felt with the manager Debbie and Curstin! Both were incredibly sweet! After we got to our room and noticed we were upstairs with no access to downstairs courtyard where the jacuzzi was we went back to the front desk where we were informed I booked the wrong room. Curstin tried very hard to see if she could do. She let us know that that room was available the following day and we could move in the next day. As it happened it was actually booked so we weren't able to move. The manager Debbie came to our room to see what she could do to attempt to help the situation (which she did not have to do as this was my error not hers) my husband and I had already decided to change our flight and come home a little early so she graciously credited us those two days back plus an additional 300 rate decrease and also 3 vouchers for the restaurant (2 for breakfast and one with a 100 value for lunch or dinner). We were both beyond grateful as we didn't expect anything! Both ladies went above and beyond to insure our stay was amazing even though we didn't get the room with spa we were hoping for! It's service like this that will have us returning to them on our next visit to New Orleans!Staff is useless, and are not up to par with the quality I expect from the W brand. The room service is poor as well, forget to bring items necessary with the dish 
Stay at the Monteleone insteadThere is a consistent theme in my travel life and that is SPG hotels. I travel almost every week for work and, when I get a choice, I stay at an SPG hotel. The familiarity, the products, and the service are all consistent enough to make the travel fun.
I got a chance to go to New Orleans a day before a work meeting. New Orleans is one of my top three favorite cities in the US, so I was in a good mood before even landing. Knowing that I was feet away from beignets also didn't hurt. 
At the time, this hotel was going through renovations. The front desk was warm and funny. So, I thought it would be a fine visit.  
I assuming that these points have been fixed by now, but while I was there:
1. It sounded like people were trying to break into my room regularly. In the middle of the night and during the day, there was A LOT of giggling to my door handles.
2. There was a large leak in the bathroom, so when the guest upstairs flushed the toilet, the ceiling moved and leaked.
3. They offered a late checkout and the cleaning staff came three times to see if I was gone before noon.
I will definitely come back here; I just hope it is a little smoother next time. The courtyard is beautiful, the rooms are nice and the service is excellent. I would give it a try.Love this place. Everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. The staff has a great attitude and is very service driven. Great location. Great hotelMy wife and I recently stayed here for memorial day weekend.  From the moment I checked in to whenI departed, the staff took care of our every need.  Shaun at the front desk was especially nice, asking a lot of questions, making suggestions and doing little things that made us feel special.   
I love the day beds by the pool, had a great nap in those.  I love the quaint yet modern design and Abby at the  SoBou Restaurant next door was a killer bartender. Ask her to recommend other great cocktails nearby too. (And if you're lucky she may sing for you!)
We'll be back again...Just arrived not so good, room is tiny even by NYC standards. Desk personnel not so friendly, heat doesn't work in the room. Person came to fix "says wait a half hour and if it doesn't heat up call back". Really.. How long does it take to heat 120 square feet? This is not looking good and to think I could have stayed at Harrahs hotel down the street for 3 nights. Unfortunately the bad reviews seem right on so far.A W hotel.  What more is there to say.  With less than 100 rooms, you get the VIP treatment in spite of stumbling in at 4 AM and taking a dip in the pool -- they're use to being next to Bourbon Street and the calamity that it brings.  To recuperate from the long night, take a dip in the jacuzzi and then nap in the cabana.Rooms are small, Acura is never available and nowhere to put anything in shower and nowhere to out clothes. Odd layout. Good location. Would be nice if there were more umbrellas availableThis W was pretty disappointing.  I liked the idea of it.  It's in an older building in the French Quarter.  I though it would have more of an authentic feeling than a mega hotel.  In the end, I'd prefer the mega hotel that was done right.  The room was pretty small.  The carpet was ugly and had stains on it.  The bed was pretty comfy.  The duvet cover looked like it might not have been washed between guests.  There were really no amenities other than the Acura car service from 8-5 which was nice.  The wi-fi didn't work in the rooms.  We were on the fourth floor facing the street and you could hear every word people on the street said.  The courtyard area looked nice, but was under construction.  Overall, it wasn't bad, but it definitely was not worth $180 something a night.
Valet parking was also ridiculously priced at $34/night +tax.A great location, nice room (not the bathroom) friendly if incompetent staff. Even if you are a Starwoods member you do not get free WiFi. During our stay the staff was unable to do anything about the lack of hot water other than to direct us to a pricy salon around the corner. Attempts to speak to managment were ignored. They said they would give us a free night, but then changed their minds and halved the offer. Go Elsewhere!Only able to experience the pool scene at the W - which was amazing.  Arrived tipsy from a hand grenade and was pleasantly invited to join the pool atmosphere.  It was lovely to sit down under the trees to get out of the heat.
My friend joined a gay couple in the pool for some synchronized swimming only to be overcome by the chlorine.  is it to kill the extra protein floating around?  We didn't know and didn't jump in ourselves to find out.This hotel is amazing I had a great time staying here. I don't know what all the other reviews are about but the staff is extremely helpful and very fun and entertaining. They sent a bottle of champagne and balloons to my room for my birthday. They went above and beyond. Tyesha at the front desk was amazing. I will stay here again.Note- This W is a bit more of a boutique like inn as opposed to their other hotels.
That is not to say it doesn't have the W vibe, Rooms are very modern whereas the exterior looks like classic vieux carre, While that is a bit of a contrast when looking at this place, who cares? The location is outstanding, Their bar staff  makes awesome  artisan style cocktails, and are eager to please. The pool is heated and there are interesting types loitering in that area. Props to Ariel at the front desk. Very cute and accommodating for our group. All in all pleased with service at this facility run by the famous Brennan family, 
Taking one star off due to thin walls in the bedrooms. Hard to sleep here, but I guess that is par for the course when staying in the Qtr.This location is right in the heart of the French quarter and has easy access to great bars/restaurants and it's a quick walk (or stumble, depending on the time of day) over to Bourbon Street. My husband and I stayed there for a few days including New Year's Eve so we expected a little bit of craziness going on but staying in a room with cardboard walls did not attenuate ANY of the noise. On one particular night I got to hear the guy in the room next to us bring home two very ahem..loud...ladies and enjoy their company, with some nice gangster rap music playing. I will say after two hours of this, I finally called the front desk and they were very obliging and asked the guest to turn off the music. 
 My husband lives in Starwood hotels (no, really-52 weeks out of the year) so we were upgraded to a suite in the courtyard overlooking the pool area. We stayed at the hotel post-renovations and everything was done. Kudos to the designer for coming up with such a sleek, modern interior to the room but it's very clear they chose aesthetics over function (i.e., narrow plantation shutters instead of doors, small bathroom, oversized furniture which wastes space but otherwise looks cool.) The suite was super small and the bathroom was designed for a small person, which unfortunately my husband and I are not. Additionally, the ONLY mirror in the entire room is in the teeny tiny bathroom, so forget trying to do your hair or make up if the bathroom is otherwise occupied. 
We did have a fabulous private patio area with hot-tub. If you stay here definitely, definitely, try to get a room with a hot tub. 
The other downside to staying in the courtyard suite is that the doors open right up to a common space so you literally have to have the shutters closed AT ALL TIMES lest you want to give other guests a free show. 
My only other real problem with our stay was the lack of housekeeping. The shower drain had hair in it when we arrived and it looked like they hadn't swept. For the duration of the stay the most housekeeping did was give us some new towels and make the made. For the amount of money you pay here a free mint, or a quick vacuum wouldn't have gone astray. 
Bottom Line: This place is all about location. It has a great vibe and looks pretty cool it's just not the most homey and relaxing place to stay.I received quite possibly the worst service I have ever received at a hotel. First after a 10 hour drive they told us that we couldn't park in their garage because it was "too small". We had to drive around for over 30 minutes and miss our dinner reservation. Then when we tried to check in the concierge had to call her manager and disappeared for at least 20 more minutes. Over all while they might have nice facilities if you want to have a peaceful, well planned trip don't pick the W.This is my first time staying at a W Hotel anywhere.  My brother did all the booking so I can't give a review on the customer service for checking in and the bill.  I will give a review on what I like or didn't like about the hotel.
Upon arriving,  the Valet guy asked us if we needed a cart to bring all our stuff up to the room while my brother was checking us in.  We didn't need it since everyone had their own luggages.  While waiting for my brother to check in, I checked out the courtyard and pool area.  The pool of course was small but that's okay. The courtyard was very nice an quaint.  
We went up to the room and at first glance, it was a pretty decent size room with 2 queen beds and enough room for our luggages.  There was a mini fridge filled up with drinks and a section filled with snacks.  The bathroom was a bit small but big enough.  The shower was a good size as well.  I loved the "Bliss" brand facial scrub, lotion, shampoo and conditioner that was provided.  I normally use my own but I like the brand Bliss so I used it all.  I wish we had gotten room that over looked the streets or the courtyard though.  
The location is perfect.  It was walking distant to everything including Bourbon and Canal Street and the famous Cafe Du Monde.  We didn't have to use our car at all during our stay.  We walked everywhere.  
Overall, this was a good hotel.  I wouldn't say it was the best hotel I've ever stayed at but it is one that I will return to.Stayed here during mardi gras weekend, woohoo!
I had a king size 1st night then i got double queen the following 2 nights.  The 2 queen size room was definitely bigger, the queen size room's view was into the street as well which was cool.  Although Charters isn't really the popping street but bourbon is only a block or two away which was nice.
You can be close to the party but not right in the party and the noise that goes along with it. 
One thing i remember is the bathroom is semi-opaque so you can kinda see through it, a little uncomfortable when your with a group of friends, but it wasn't too bad.
The rooms were pretty clean and designed very edgy, typical of W hotels.  It was very expensive for Mardi Gras time, luckily I had lots of SPG points saved up and booked early to avoid the high nightly rate. Thumbs up for SPG program!
The concierge/receptionists were always very nice when I needed something.  There is a courtesy Acura like most W's have which is convenient.  The bellmen got my friends and me a taxi like we requested.
Excellent service as usual at the W.  Great hotel to stay out right in the French Quarter, close to everything there.Hotel on point as all W hotels are! Jeb the bartender gave some great tips where to go and his drinks were some of the best around. Micheal the concierge took the time to give us a long list of places to go and things to do. He checked in with us each day to see if we needed anything. If you are planning on hitting the pool it's pocket size. Other than that the W is the place to go.I normally stay at the Westin and when booking a business trip mistakenly ended up at this W. In hindsight it was a perfect mistake to make; the W Hotels chain tends to be more of a chic/metro/lively variety and a perfect fit for a stay in New Orleans. The rooms are modern, spacious, and simple. The staff was great and very accommodating, they love throwing free drinks around. Just make sure to be polite to everyone from the moment you check in. Cheers to that.This is an excellent hotel, exactly what you would expect from a W. 
Apparently this review needs to longer to qualify as a "review". The W is a hip hotel chain, part of the Starwood network. The beds are good. The pillows are soft. A hotel is place you can pay to sleep in in a night by night basis where most basic amenities are provided.Right in the middle of French Quarter! It's so conveniently located to Bourbon Street and all the bars and restaurants. I've stayed at other W hotels and this surely is the smallest one I stayed at. My husband and I stayed at the Spectacular Room which looked right into the courtyard area. Check-in area is very small. Next to it is a bar and a restaurant. There are only 2 elevators for the rooms. The room was spacious but the bathroom was so small. Compared to other W hotels, they lacked in toiletries as well. Best part for me are definitely the Bliss spa products.The service has been good but the walls are paper thin and the room is not well designed. There's no outlets where you need them, no hooks where you need them and the room is super small. Decor isn't relaxing or luxury, it's corny and loud. Disappointing because we have enjoyed Westin's in the past.
The pool area is nice but kinda small, nice courtyard, things seem clean which is good.Complete pieces of shit. My sister walked down to get water and they refused to let her back in her room. Laughed in her face when she told her she had a room. Refused to help my sister. When two of us came down from the room to help her the front desk continued to just laugh at us. This place is the most unprofessional place I've ever been in my life.Rumor is that they're renovating this hotel soon, and I'd say that the timing is pretty right in that regard: during this stay the faucet in the bathroom leaked all over the floor, I didn't get a bill slid under the door before checkout, and in general, things seemed a little off. In an ironic twist, not only have I stayed here before, but I'm fairly certain that they put me in the exact same room. Not earth shattering news, I realize, but an interesting coincidence if nothing else. 
You're still stumbling distance from plenty of trouble in the Quarter (if that's your bag), and it's still easy to grab a cab to and from this place (which I've found to be an extra bonus). For whatever reason, I seem to spend very little time in the Quarter when I stay here. And it's totally unfair, but having spent a little time in the brand new W in Austin, I could see why this one would be do for an oil change. Among the Ws, average doesn't really cut it. Here's hoping that my next stop here finds some new, exciting, and long overdue revelations.In theory it has everything you need, but in practice it leaves much to be desired.
On service: 
The staff don't communicate with each other, so the front desk didn't know we had reserved the car (the hotel provides an Acura SUV for guests to share) even though the driver did. When we left something in the courtyard, the front desk said the "loss prevention officer" was gone for the day at 10am and she didn't know where the lost and found was so she couldn't go check for us. After we had confirmed a late checkout with the front desk, we got two knocks from two different staff telling us we had to leave the room and then saying that the front desk didn't make a note of our late checkout.
There were a few individual staff members who were very helpful. But the front desk is shockingly useless and no number of good deeds from other staff members could make up for the obviously poor management. 
On infrastructure: 
The walls are paper thin, and the plumbing is such that your toilet runs whenever the person in the room next to you flushes. The TV reception is fuzzy. 
The pool is the size of a 6 person hot tub, but the courtyard is lovely and a nice place to chill with a drink (which you have to get from a bar down the street). 
The location is great, right in the Quarter - but the location and the courtyard are the only big pluses. I would not stay there again.Have not one single regret of booking at the W @ French Quarter, ALL staff are very friendly and attentive. I stayed for my birthday weekend they gave me a beautiful balcony room, and also the manager sent me a bottle to toast wishing me a happy birthday. I loved that they had everything at the hotel very classy and fashionable! Have no complaint what so ever, this is the place to stay at. Also everything is at a walking distance we had no problem, we did not even take our vehicle out till the day of checkout. The courtyard, pool, gym, EVERYTHING just what I was looking for. COMFORT and GREAT SERVICE!I have stayed at Doubletree hotels that are more impressive then this place. I stayed here during a recent trip to New Orleans. The check in process was very easy, and the staff was very nice and friendly. I asked if the gym was open, and response was no going through renovations. However, I could go to the other W hotel and they would let me use the facility which is 6 blocks away. The same for the restaurant- under renovations, so my dinner plans all of a sudden involved finding a place to eat near by. Getting to my room was a process too, as  it's somewhat dark in the hallway and very dark when I got to the room. I couldn't find the light switch. The room was tiny, and the carpet was disgusting. The bathroom was okay, but given that the carpet was in such bad shape it made me cringe to think I had to use the shower. - The most annoying of my stay was that I didn't get my requested wake-up call. Thank god I set my alarm on my phone. This didn't feel like a W Hotel, more like a wanna be W Hotel. My advice go to the other W Hotel.It's not worth more than $100 a night tops. It's a hip, kind of boutique hotel. Nice decor, smells good. I've had some real good experiences here, but it had nothing to do with the W, more to do with the company.I grew up reading the Vampire Chronicles from Anne Rice, 
and had always longed to someday see New Orleans and stay in the French Quarter. 
The W Hotel New Orleans feels like a boutique hotel, walking distance to the antique stores, art galleries, restaurants, shops, live music and bars. 
The French Quarter is a beautiful place to get lost in and explore, but if you do need to head a little farther out there are tons of pedicabs at very reasonable prices that you can grab on any corner.  
I love this city.  You can feel the remnants of french influence on the designs.  We had a large patio on the top floor that overlooks one of the side streets and you can feel the rich history and culture that is New Orleans.  
You'll be in the heart of french quarter, can shop and eat during the day and listen to some great live music and drink whisky til dawn.  
Would definitely stay here again.Nice hotel, but TERRIBLE service, rude employees, and DEFINITELY not worth the $500 a night rate. They overbooked, so when we arrived after 11 hours of driving, they did not have a room ready for us or a spot to park our car. After driving through Bourbon street at 8:00 pm on a Saturday night for an hour, they finally found a make shift spot for our car (which we had to pay $50 for). Another 30 minutes later, they told us that our room was ready, but when we got up to the room, there was one queen bed (we had booked 2 queen beds because there were 4 of us staying). Another 30 minutes went by before all they could do was offer a twin sized blow up (that was rock hard) and a sheet. By the time we finally got situated, we missed half of our one night stay in New Orleans, and to top it all off, there was no hot water in the shower. And by no hot water, I mean the water was ICE cold and unbearable to shower in. Another family with children were in the same room situation as us too. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this cramped hotel.W French Quarter is a great hotel from which to launch your New Orleans vacation. This low-rise jumble of buildings has a European atmosphere at home in its environs and the two rooms I've stayed in were both larger than a typical W in other cities. 
I got upgraded to the Carriage House room 333 which overlooked the courtyard, where a gurgling fountain provided the soothing sounds other hotels offer via canned musicscapes. The other room I've stayed in, 422, overlooks the street and is equally peaceful. Note that the hotel's Internet connection in 333 is pretty weak. 
At one point I asked for a taxi to the Garden District and instead they brought around the chauffered Acura SUV which was a super touch. 
It's true that this W is a little rough around the edges - the carpets are kind of worn and dirty, the floors and surfaces a bit grimy - but that's representative of its New Orleans location, and the cool, unique interior decor (tarot cards and voodoo!) more than make up for it. Primo is a big fan.