Breakfast here is phenomenal and the service was equally great! The French toast is a must have :) very close to WWII museum.The food was very good - I got the Cajun eggs Benedict - craw-fish cake with eggs over an amazing biscuit. very good - my boyfriend got a Poe Boy, which was just a regular sub, nothing special. But the reason why I am giving such a low score was the service was TERRIBLE. Awful awful. We waited for about 45 minutes, which was fine, but once we were seated it took the water 15 minutes to great us, then another ten to bring us our waters we ordered. He messed up my boyfriends order and was just awful. No personality or customer services skills at all. 
Food great - service awful.Terrible terrible service. It took forever to get our food. The server did not refill our waters or took dirty plates away. The food was okay at best. We are never coming back here.Half fried shrimp and half fried oyster po boy with onion rings. Great po boy but onion rings were over salted and over breaded.
Service was fine. This seemed to be a local dive bar-esque place, as well as a popular place to go to near the WWII museum, which is great!I decided to drop by this place after a friend told me about it. I received great service. My waitress was nice and attentive. The atmosphere there is great for any outing. Lets not for get the food. And trust me, the food is so good you won't. The BBQ oysters was to die for. I highly recommend everyone visit this place atleast twice a week.Had the chicken and waffles. Chicken was seasoned well and the waffle was tasty. Drinks were a bit watered down. Would recommend this place if you're looking for a wide variety of food.this is one of those unassuming places that you go into for a drink, end up having some food, and leave coming back over and over again. 
I have never had a bad experience here. The food is cheap and amazing. I would recommend the chicken and waffles, the basic breakfast, the BISCUITS!!!, and the burgers and sandwiches. 
The service has always been true New Orleans. Super friendly, attentive, and accommodating. 
This place is true New Orleans for its food, atmosphere, service and drinks.This place was all right. We stopped in here after a day of wandering around doing nothing and I cant say that I was impressed with what I ordered nor was I disappointed. I only ordered the spinach dip and my guy had the burger which he really did enjoy. The burger had  a good flavor he just wished it had more or better quality bacon on it, rather than these two flimsy thin pieces. It also seemed a little pricey for basically a small appetizer that was served with what equaled two medium cut up flour tortillas and a burger. If the spinach dip tasted a little better and less fishy (they put crawfish tails in it) I don't think I would have had a problem with paying the $26 for everything
Now for everything else... It has more of a sports bar feel with lots of seating, huge selection of beers on tap and a large outdoor patio. As soon as we sat down, one of the waitresses ran up to our table and proceed to throw our menus and silverware in front of us with out so much of a "hello" or "how are you?" That was a bit weird but the actual waitress that took care of us, Tiffany, was lovely. All in all not a bad place to stop at, Ill go back when I'm wandering around the Warehouse District again and in need of a burger.The food was great...I had the Cajun Benedict. Our server was so nice, However there was extensive delays, lipstick on a coffee cup, and hair in a plate. The outdoor atmosphere was very chill and nice but I'm not sure if we'll be back.This used to be a rather abysmal Irish
joint with terrible service.  But now it's a delightful, casual spot with a nice big courtyard with romantic lighting and a vast dining area/bar that just feels chill and relaxing.  The food was delish.  The fried pickles are dangerously fantastic and the steak sliders a delicacy.  Isodore was our waiter.  He was a sweetheart, and rather attentive.  I think you should check this spot out if you're in the hood!Today, I had lunch here with my co workers and the food was a major disappointment. Two of my co workers had the lunch special of seafood etoufee with fried shrimp. They both detested their choices. The seafood etoufee was primarily rice and a tomato based roux. The dish had practically no seafood in it and the taste of tomato was overpowering. Another co worker had a salad that she has to return because the salad dressing had clearly went bad and no one checked to verify if the salad dressing was worth serving. She returned the salad and had cold French fries and a meatless gumbo with way too much file. I decided it was better to be safe than sorry; I picked the 10oz burger. The burger was overall a reasonable sandwich but my French fries were ice cold. I have been to the Warehouse innumerable times but I think they have just lost a very loyal patron. I don't work too far away and this place food usually was acceptable in the past. My co workers also have patronized this place regularly. They informed me that they will not be returning. I am giving two stars for 1) the good food they have served in the past 2) prompt service 3) customer friendly prices & 4) a pretty clean restaurant. It sucks to leave a restaurant hungry!Came in here on a Saturday morning for Brunch with some friends when I was visiting New Orleans in April.
It seems like this place struggles at the balance between bar and restaurant and seems a little more bar. What I mean by that is it kind of seems like their food isn't the priority. Once our waitress found out that we weren't going to be ordering bottomless mimosas she seemed uninterested. 
I tried eggs benedict for the first time here and everything was cold and the egg was broken when it came out. Not a great experience. 
Overall, everyone else I was with seemed to enjoy their food and it was reasonably priced. Not bad, but wouldn't necessarily return.The restaurant has a good vibe to it. The music is always on point when I am there. The waitresses are very nice and respectful. The food is great. I had the soup, the da duck and the chicken and waffles over the 5 days I visited. It does take a minute for the food to come out, but if it good don't rush it. The prices are responsible, comparatively.Avoid this place!  Like others, I noticed the dirty floors and sticky tables when we first arrived.  Our server came and took our drink orders, and then............nothing.  After 15 minutes, I walked up to the bar and asked about my beer (since the server had never returned to our table).  The barkeep said she had poured it long ago and it had been sitting at the bar.  After returning to the table with my beer, we continued to wait to place an order.  Still no server, so I paid for the beer and we left.  We headed to another GREAT place, Rebellion, just a few blocks away.  I gave it 5 stars!The service is great just as most of the reviews have already stated. The food came out fast. The fish was good and so was the shrimp. The shrimp was a little salty. I would come back.Breakfast was amazing. Creole Omelet was great. Portions were big and filling. Coffee was great as well. The wife had chicken and waffles and they were really good as well. Cajun Benedict was good and full of flavor. Blake took care of us and did a great job.Food was good, service excellent, and the atmosphere inviting. Came here on Saturday for brunch and bottomless mimosa's. They were extremely busy and we had a short wait but once our service began our server was attentive and eager to please! Definitely recommend for a relaxing, enjoyable meal!Nice atmosphere and good food! It was a short walk from our hotel and had a nice open seating area. Had the Nola Brown to start, first beer from the south and I was not disappointed. We started with the crawfish quesadilla and the filling was about 80% crawfish and 20% cheese/pico. So yummy! We devoured it. Since we both had just flown in, we opted for burgers but they were delicious. Nothing fancy, just a good juicy burger made with what tasted like better quality beef than I've had at similar looking places. One down side was the table was a little sticky but that was the only thing that was remotely unpleasant. Again, great place to grab a bite and a beer!Red beans and rice special today,very bland had to add hot sauce.
Husband had chicken gumbo very watery. The best was the toast offered with the beans and the Amber and red stag on ice.After one visit, I will say that this place does not have a single redeeming quality. We went for a late brunch on a Saturday, knowing it would be relatively busy. As this is New Orleans, we lower our expectation for customer service. We were "greeted" by someone who barely made eye contact and did not smile. A hostess then took us to our seats. She smiled. That was the only positive thing that happened during our entire stay. The waitress came ten minutes later and took our order. Ten minutes after that, the indifferent, scowling greeter brought us  warm - not hot - coffee without enough cream. Fifteen minutes later, the waitress returned. We asked for water, more coffee, and cream. Almost a half hour after we ordered, we still hadn't gotten our food. Meanwhile, people who arrived fifteen minutes after us were already eating. That was it; time to go. We approached the hostess and offered to pay for our coffee. We told her who our waitress was and she went to talk to her. She returned and said not to worry about paying for the coffee. No apology for the slow service. Nothing even resembling remorse. For all I know, the food is great. We just did not have the patience to find out. This place does not deserve our patronage. Simply put, with service like this, they don't deserve anyone's.The food Shrimp & Grits was Delicious, but the "Pancake Shot" really taste like pancakes...overall nice place!!!I absolutely love the food, their brunch on the weekends and the mimosas! Doesn't look like much from the outside but inside they have a energetic atmosphere, a huge beer selection, plenty of TVs for any sporting event and a massive outdoor space. My absolute favorite dish is the 'fish of the day' mahi mahi with caramelized sweet potatoes and grilled asparagus and my boyfriend loves their eggs benedict. Service has always been on point too!  The only disappointment I have ever experienced is when I found out they weren't really open til midnight... So sad, had to opt for something less deliscous!  But that won't keep me from going back as often as possible! Love love love this place!If you want a great burger at a great price, then Warehouse Grille is the place to go. This was my first time visiting there today.  I had the Morning After Burger & it was the BOMB!!! He had the Classic Burger & he stated it was the best burger he has had in a long time. The bread was sooooo soft and the burger soooo juicy. Next time, I will have to try the Shrimp & Grits and Amaretto Cheese Cake.Great place to get a taste of New Orleans traditional seafood. Just a block and a half from the World War II museum. The seafood platter is awesome with generous amounts of fried shrimp, oysters, and catfish. Poboys have fresh French bread that New Orleans is famous for. Try it. You'll like it.wow, this place was ridiculous!! in the best way. we got the crawfish quesadillas, BFBE burger, and white chocolate bread pudding. holy heart attack, but so good. both ladies who were serving us were HILARIOUS and so helpful. we just loved this little placeWe absolutely loved this place! We actually found it by searching Yelp. We had been given the recommendation to go to Ruby Slipper or Mothers, but both had insane long waits on a Sunday morning for brunch. So we wandered a while before finding this place on Yelp and it was also on our way to the WWII museum. Perfect! We had their chicken and waffles and their cajun benedict. Both were delicious! They also have endless mimosas on Sundays for $8, not too bad! The staff were very friendly and attentive.
While we were there, we noticed a sign for crawfish on Sundays, so we decided to come back after the museum. We ended up not getting there until 5:30 and they were already out of crawfish, but it had started at 4pm, so that's mostly our fault. We stuck around for some beer and their quesadillas.Don't eat here.  
Went in for lunch on Saturday and got seated at the bar because the restaurant was so crowded.  Unfortunately, this meant we had to be served by the rude, confrontational, and utterly horrible bartender (the thirty-ish year old guy with a beard) who clearly doesn't enjoy working or serving drinks.  Service was slow, the food wasn't great, and I got disgusted with his bad attitude halfway through my po'boy.  He went out of his way to ignore us and his terrible vibes ruined our lunch.  I'm normally a pretty generous tipper, but not this time.  I didn't leave anything and Jimmy Crack Corn and I don't give a darn.I woke up hungry on a Sunday morning and wanted a yummy brunch.  Brunch is one of my favorite meals of the weekend!
A friend told me that she loved the brunch at Warehouse Grille, so I headed on over.
I really like the atmosphere of Warehouse Grille.  It's open and spacious, and there are plenty of TVs for sports viewing.  There's a big outdoor area that is also perfect for watching some sports when the weather is warmer.
My friend and I seated ourselves and then proceeded to wait...and wait...and wait.  After 15 minutes of not even being acknowledged, I went to the bar and asked the bartender to please send someone to our table.  We waited another 5 minutes and our waitress finally arrived.  Waiting 20 minutes to be acknowledged and get something to drink is unacceptable.
Our waitress was really nice, but when taking our order, she sat at our table with us.  I found that to be kind of odd.
We both decided to go simple and just ordered the classic breakfast of 3 eggs, grits, bacon and toast for $7.  Not a bad deal at all.  The only change I made was to request cheese on my grits.
Our order arrived and my grits didn't have any cheese.  Our waitress said she'd bring me some more.  When the new grits arrived, they didn't have any cheese on them...but they had corn in them.  Weird.  I am thankful that I don't have a corn allergy.
The food, while not bad, just wasn't very good.  NOTHING had ANY seasoning on it...not even salt.  Any self respecting southerner knows grits need salt.  I do have to say though...the bacon was to die for.  But then again, bacon is pretty hard to screw up if you're working with a great product, which this was.
I trust my friend (that highly recommended it) when it comes to her taste in food.  Maybe this was just an off day?  Maybe they do their specialty dishes like the chicken and waffles, or cajun benedict better than they do the classic breakfast.
With the combination of the 20 minute wait to be acknowledged, the waitress sitting at our table while taking our order, never getting the right order of grits, and the food just being mediocre, I have to give it one star.
While I can't recommend it to anyone now, I will give it another try to see if this was just an off day.
NOTE:  For brunch, they offer $8 bottomless mimosas. This is a great deal...and they allow you to sit there and drink them until 3 pm.  This is especially wonderful when the Saints play at noon.I had heard good things prior to going and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the crawfish quesadillas and fried bbq oysters for appetizers and they were delicious. I had the morning after burger for my main entree and it was perfect too. So many draft beers to choose from!Came and got the warehouse rust. Was absolutely amazing and service was great! I was kinda surprised that it wasn't busier, but then again we went a bit early for supper.Great service and incredible food! Gumbo was spot on, the Warehouse Oyster PoBoy was outstanding and the half & half was great!The bottomless mimosa service is very quick. When you sip 1/3 of the glass they will promptly be there for refills. We went on a busy weekend and was seated and waited on quickly. I ordered the chicken and waffles which were good. The homemade syrup made from PBR was quite good and had cinnamon flavors. The food came out quick and I was surprised by the beer selection. I would love to try out the lunch/ dinner.This place is awesome!
Food?
Good!
Bottomless mimosas?
Great!
Bean bag/baggo/cornhole?
Victory!Uninspired burgers and overcook fries is the best way to describe this restaurant. Long story short, I would not recommend this place to any of my friends. Their food is unacceptable by New Orleans standards.
The burger patty's ARE 10oz's but that does not make up for the terrible way that they (along with the other ingredients) are slapped on the oversized, overwhelming and chewy bun.
My fries were so over salted and over cooked that I would barely qualify them as fries.  The beer selection was the only savior.
If you're craving a 2am greasy gut-bomb you don't want to remember that will arrive at your table with the burger patty undercooked and your fries overcooked you would love this place.
If you want a good burger and amazing fries, you're better off walking down a couple blocks to Capdeville.We stopped here for brunch after someone in our group found the place on Yelp. Really, we were there for the bottomless mimosas. The bartenders were great. Even after we got up for our meal, they were still serving us mimosas. 
I ordered the shrimp po-boy. It was good.
The place was also filled with friendly locals, which was a huge plus for us.Jay, the manager, was amazing. He was so customer oriented and really made us feel like we were the only table there when it was truly packed to capacity. The atmosphere was great and more importantly the food was amazing. I've visited several eateries in the city and this is truly a place that will become my regular spot. If you're in the city definitely check it out!!We stopped here after seeing WWII museum.  First of all best service ever!! Gracie was attentive, funny and made the best recommendations.  She really made the meal.  We had the Cajun shrimp po boy, roast beef po boy, warehouse oyster po boy and the da duck sandwich and all of them were delicious!!  Perfect meal with the best device!  Thank you Gracie!!!The food here is fantastic. Try to come for brunch/breakfast on Saturday or Sunday. The eggs Benedict can be done with filet mignon. The potato skillet and the bacon are also great. The servers, host, and staff are all very polite and professional. TVs are all around, including two large projectors. The outside seating is nice and plentiful. Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Game Days too.On our way to the WW2 museum and found this spot.  They have a great selection of beers on tap and decent bar food.  The price was right as well.Decently surprised! Great King Cake cocktail. My husband got the morning after burger and thought it was amazing! I got the chicken and waffles, syrup was very running, but okay. We originally came here for breakfast/brunch based on what Yelp said....not much of a breakfast/brunch place though. Staff was very friendly!Worst place I tried in New Orleans,  including the free breakfast at the hotel (which was far superior). To start with the positive part,  they have a nice beer selection,  so if it were just based on the beer selection it might be a 3. 
Unfortunately,  I ate the food.  In short it was the worst stuff I had in the city.  I started with lamb spring rolls that they burned to a crisp.  See photo below and judge for yourself.  It was shocking to me that they let such an error get through to a customer. I tried one thinking it might be a Cajun seasoned skin,  but it was just burnt. Next, the half and half Po'boy was was virtually inedible because the bread they used was so stale, I literally aspirated some crumbs and am still trying to clear my throat.  Mercifully,  the oysters and shrimp were reasonable.  
Sad to say this is one of the few Yelp misses I have experienced.  After a bad experience giving a bad review in the past,  I told my wife I would refrain from giving reviews below a 3, but the fact that this place is a 4 is simply offensive to me.  I would have gone lower, but the places overall decor and atmosphere were fine.  
In short,  go here for a drink and stay away from the food.Stopped in here for a little hair of the dog and some wings. Beer awesome wings fantastic. Service was excellent, very friendly.First, I must say that this is about the 97th incarnation of this bar spot since Katrina.  Polynesian Joe's, Tuckers, Macguires, and a whole slew of others.  My expectations were not very high at all.  On the bright side, I was wrong.
The bar have moved and shifted and changed and relocated in each incarnation.  It looks like the raised seating area was closed off for private events, which is a good thing given the overall large size of the building.  The seating area and bar itself are well-kept and clean/new.  The patio is sadly no longer sand and volleyball courts, but I supposed that is understandable.  I think it was turned to concrete to few bar iterations ago.  That said, the patio is huge and nice.
The bar was decent, with about thirty beers on tap.  This is by no means the Avenue Pub, so you will not find that hard-to-find-chardonnay-barrel-aged-cask-ale you were searching for.  They have all the local flavors, and Stone on tap.
We checked out this joint on a Wednesday night, and it was pretty empty.  It looked like they had two bartenders and three kitchen staff working.  The bar staff was not overly impressive, and seemed much more engaged with their friends at the end of the bar.  Definitely not a good sign, especially when they had about eight folks in the bar.
Our main reason for the journey to this establishment was to the procurement of delicious foodstuff.  And we nailed it.
We ordered the Fried Pickles, Onion Rings, Chicken Wings, Morning-after Burger, and Crawfish Cakes.  All were excellent.
Fried Pickles - Probably the best I've had in town.  The batter was excellent - light and crispy.  The amazing part was the pickles were not that salty.  They were seasoned perfectly.  Absolutely delicious.
Onion Rings - Beautifully battered and perfectly cooked, these suckers were incredible.
Chicken Wings - As witnessed by my reviews, I have a special spot in my heart for wings.  These wings were big, meaty, and fried to perfection (a touch crispy).  The sauce/rub is a Louisiana Hot Sauce based with was I would guessed is Brown Sugar and Garlic added.  While they tasted great and were cooked perfect, I wish they had the true Buffalo Sauce - Half Butter and Half Frank's Red Hot.  They even served them with Bleu Cheese.
Morning-After Burger - This thing was a gigantic ten ounce wonder.  The burger came with a fried egg, bacon, onion rings, and cheese.  Big and tasty.  I will not be getting this monster again anytime soon - only because it is huge and I tried to eat the whole thing which was not the best idea.
Crawfish Cakes - These were apparently also very tasty, as I never had the chance to have any prior to them disappearing.
Overall, this is a pretty decent place.  Our only concern was the bar staff, which the kitchen staff more than made up for.  It was a great spot to grab a bite to eat.  Rumor has it that it is the new home of the local Buffalo Bills Backers.  Two stars for service, five for the food, and four for the setup.  This will round up to just under Four Stars.A must for any and everyone!
We had the place to ourselves, which was surprising with how cheap, delicious, and friendly it was. Of course, at the time we dined, Aaron said they hadn't even had their grand opening yet.
In the morning we stopped by, seeing an elegant and artistic environment with great jazz music playing. Expecting $12? $20 maybe for each breakfast dish? NOPE! $7 per meal with too many sides to choose from. Anna, our waitress, was very sweat and attentive. The cook as well came out to check on us and we had an easy conversation with him about food and NOLA. We noticed the drink menu and vowed to come back for dinner.
And BAM! Perfect again. During our dinner visit Aaron seemed to be helping out his coworkers at every turn, so we didn't get to converse with him that much, but he made a great and natural effort any time he had the chance, and man does he make a mean mango-jito. And over 30 beers on tap! The St.  Chuck Duck is a must to order. Don't spoil it with condiments, you must accept the burger as is in all of it's saintly chuck duck goodness. HUGE porch area me and my boyfriend were able to dance in all night with the help of their great music.Aside from service being super slow and the servers being confused on who is assigned to our table, our experience here wasn't that bad. The food was actually decent and we loved the countless beers on tap. We had to go to the bar for a drink because no one was serving us. To make matters worse, the restaurant was not even busy so you'd think that there wouldn't be any issues--alas, we were snubbed. We were here to watch some football which did occur but the TVs could be more numerous and bigger. This is one of those places you should only really go to if you're in the area.I mean...bottomless mimosas with brunch? That's important. And it seems like they open an hour earlier for brunch than most places--also good. But the food's a little meh. Good for game day time's if you can position yourself to see a tv.I love this place, not only was I lucky enough to get the best waitress ever (Lisa H) ...the shrimp and grits were outstanding...liked the food so much i asked for the menu back to order food to go...I was staying at the Marriott Residence Inn a block away and couldn't take another day of lining up for the  free hotel food..Really enjoyed this place. Awesome selection of draft beers, and the bloody Marys were fantastic and for only $6 It's hard to beat. We tried the crawfish eggs Benedict which was different but really really good. Fellas behind the bar do a nice job and are very interactive with guests.Brunch food available in business district during normal working hours! The food itself is completely acceptable. It won't send you into a tastegasm for being overly delicious, but it's definitely not bad at all.  I shared onion rings with my co-worker for an appetizer and then we ordered off the brunch menu for our entrees.  I had the chicken & waffle and she ordered the white chocolate chip pancakes.  The waffle was good, with a hint of cinnamon.  The chicken component was an entire skinless, boneless chicken breast pounded thin and battered & fried.  It was good, but a little greasy being fried chicken and all.  The white chocolate chip pancakes were just regular pancakes with a couple of white chocolate chips sprinkled on top for garnish.  They didn't have the whipped cream my co-worker requested to go with them. Portions were large, so the food was a good value for the price.
Service was prompt and friendly.  The dining room was clean, but it had that unfortunate faint smell of dirty mop water that a lot of sports bar/restaurants struggle to overcome.  I'm not sure what's up with that as I've never worked in the service industry.This place used to be great. It was my go-to place for brunch or a quick bite since it was only a block away. Food was excellent and service was friendly. However, the past several times I have been, the experience has been awful. Service is non-existent, food has become greasy and inconsistent, and it's almost like the staff are going out of their way to be rude. A couple of messages to management have been unanswered, so I'm not wasting another meal here.Came for brunch......I do appreciate the bottomless mimosas but this place might be understaffed for brunch. We sat at the bar with Justin. The food was WONDERFUL. Had a filet Benedict with shrimp added and cheese grits. My friend had the French toast on ciabatta bread and it was also wonderful. Service from JUSTIN was wonderful. 
Here comes my slight complaints. 
The servers were struggling to keep up the refilling of mimosa to the rest of the small restaurant. And it happened to be 52 degrees today and one of the staff has decided to prop a door open to the patio area. I didn't choose to sit outside I chose to sit INSIDE. The parking situation is good on the weekends with street and lot parking 
I'll probably come back.....not quite sure at the moment.I eat here a bunch when I'm in Nola... the daily lunch specials are a pretty good deal and the food comes out fairly quickly. My daughter loves the Lamb sliders, I love the Warehouse oysters. Today I had the seafood Etouffee with fried shrimp ($8) and it did not dissapoint. They also do a great chicken and waffles here.Definitely try this place if your near magazine street in New Orleans. The crawfish quesadilla was great.*** 3.5 stars ***
We went on a Sunday afternoon during football season (after the Saints were already out of the playoffs) and they were out of most of the things on the menu (!!!).  It was a bit frustrating that no one warned us about that until we sat down and ordered our Bloody Mary's, but the things that we were able to order were very good: the french toast and the crawfish quesadillas.  And the Mary's were very good as well. We really wanted to get the duck crepes and the chicken and waffles but they were out of both.  I'm knocking them down half a star for being out of what we wanted (and a lot of other things as well), but rounding back up to 4 for the review because we did enjoy what we had.  I'd definitely come again, but I might call ahead to see what they are out of before I come.So fat do good great drinks. Great bartender -Shannon she advised us on local hot spots for NOT AND Hot for the museum district...Wowee have the BBQ Fried Oyster appetizer: amazing. Tender oysters on the half shell with green onions, bbq sauce, green onions and blue cheese. They were really fabulous. Hubby had the 10 oz burger: huge & delicious. Fries good but a little underdone.  Looked like a fun place no matter when. Fabulous service. Many options; a great place near the WWII Museum (a must do.)Nice place with good service and good food. Only odd thing was the TV on the back patio playing some crazy televangelist claiming to save 1000 souls for $1000 instead of football. Bizarre, but otherwise totally worth check out.This place has great specials.  Thursday $3 draft beer night (ALL kinds of great beers on tap).  Weekends $8 bottomless mimosas.  Cheap way to watch the Saints games.  They have other great specials as well.  4 stars because I got fancy with some of the food choices (duck crepes, bacon grilled cheese) and they were not very good.  But their staples like fries, onion rings and grilled sandwiches certainly hit the spot.The best place we went in New Orleans!  We had a party of 11 girls during brunch for a bachelorette party on Saturday, and it was the best service I have ever received in the city.  The food was delicious, the mimosas were truly bottomless (my glass was never empty), and the staff was so friendly and nice.  I will definitely go back whenever I return to NOLA!So this joint was quite surprising more of a bar atmosphere than restaurant but plenty of seating and comfortable but cooking up some of the best food in NOLA!
I ordered the Morning After Burger it was the best one I've had, the jalapeño bun put it over the top, the onion ring was a nice compliment and the bacon was cooked to perfection. Side note the burger was cooked as ordered not the well done standard order.
My wife got the Our Seafood Platter, the oysters had layers of flavor excellent mix of bold flavors, the Asian cole slaw was nice with a hint of toasted sesame oil I think? very good, crawfish quesadilla was good, the dish was awesome
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was the desserts.  The praline cheesecake was over cooked and the bread pudding was okay at best but I will make this part my routine stops while town.Just walked out.  Waited about a half hour while everyone around us was served.  Manager couldn't crack a smile as she brought a crappy coffee over with too little cream (there was no one around to ask for more).  Skip this place.I saw the review from a previous poster about the bottomless mimosas, and it seems them being a new restaurant they are still trying to figure a few things out. This last Sunday my family and I went in for lunch before the game started. They were very accommodating. They even made a special seating area just for us since they had run out of tables. We ordered bottomless mimosas and they were fabulous. The atmosphere was great and the staff was wonderful especially out waitress Tiffany. Will definitely be going back!!!Delicious bottomless $10 mimosas, delicious fairly priced food, great accommodating service, and very spacious and attractive patio area that plays great classic rock. 10/10 would recommend and will come back next time in NOLA. Best brunch locationLove this place! Amazing food, fantastic beer selection, great big (dog friendly) patio! I plan to be a regular!Came here on the first morning of our trip to New Orleans, as we were looking for bottomless brunch and Warehouse Grille delivered! Bottomless mimosas! It wasn't busy at all as we got there around 11am on a Saturday, so our server was really on top of topping off our mimosas. I got the french toast and it was some of the best french toast I've ever had. I loved the addition of the honey and molasses- very sweet but really delicious. Their skillet brown potatoes were ridiculous. SO GOOD. I could've eaten them all day. My other friends got the Cajun Benedict and the Creole omelette and they enjoyed their meals as well! And when we were leaving, our server asked us if we wanted to-go cups which being from NYC threw us off at first haha but even after he gave us the to-go cups, we ended up finishing out mimosas, he came back to fill them up for us to take. Really enjoyed it, easy on the wallet, tasty food, cheap drinks, friendly servers, so it was a great way to start our day!We had a very late meal on the first Friday of Mardi Gras after parades.  Husband was super hungry, had the tomato soup with grilled cheese & bacon & then a beautiful rib.  I had the chicken & waffles which was divine - brought home half the waffle.  The special syrup with infused beer was great - comes out warm in a cute little pitcher.  We'll be back.The best bottomless. Ask for Tom. Food is large portions and consistently yummy, you'll also never see the bottom of your glass.Saturday brunch here with my girlfriends. Everything was on spot. There was no wait, the waitress was kind, bottomless mimosas for $10, and all the food was good. 
I got the Cajun Benedict but got to try the filet Benedict and  omelet  as well.Stopped here at 5 pm on a Tuesday in August. Vacant (and gigantic!) patio area . Looks like a great place for a late night gathering. 
Outdoor decor includes banana trees and a cute little 'Connect 4' game.
Good cocktails - did not dine here .I remember this place once upon a time as the sand volleyball Hotspot, Polynesian Joe's, pre Hurricane Katrina. I came here for the first time in 13 years Sunday. The inside has not changed too much but the volleyball courts have been replaced with a large beautiful courtyard. We planned a trip to the nearby WWII Museum and decided to stop here for Sunday brunch. The brunch menu was a good size and had many good selections. The portions are pretty big. I had the chicken and waffles which were yummy. My tablemate had the French toast. He couldn't even come close to finishing it. Two people could probably split it. They do offer bottomless mimosas for $12. Friendly service and good atmosphere. I'll have to come back on a cooler day and try to extensive beer menu while I enjoy the courtyard.New Orleans is not known for awesome beer selections.  This place has 50 on tap but none are special.  Basically lumped 3 standard bar's and put their selections together.  Local stuff plus Sierra Nevada etc.  Nothing to get excited about.
Food wasnt bad but nothing exciting.  If you are in the area and need food and drink; go ahead and go it.  It is good; it is just not special.Another bad place at this location... Cool band, good draft beer, horrible apps (ordered 3 apps, the duck creeps were awful, sauce was super sweet pie filling from the can straight from Sysco, the lamb spring rolls were in-edible, the crawfish quesadilla was edible, but not great).  As a local, I will not return.  Cool place, but am 100% convinced it is cursed since Joe was shot here.  Best use of the place is a tear down and re-build.  McGuires was a bad knockoff of Tuckers Tavern and Warehouse Grill is just bad....We had a party of seven that each tried something different. Everyone loved their choice. I had shrimp pasta. It was delicious. Fried pickle app was served quickly and was lighter than others I have had. Very good. 
Service was quick, attentive, and friendly. Prices were good too.Great selection of local drafts served by a friendly staff.
I had a king cake shot and my first Abita Andygator. Delish!
Updating my review because the owner is more than hospitable!!! As a couple, we asked for a local's opinion on touring the city and the owner, Donnie, welcomed us INTO HIS TRUCK for a drive down to Magazine St. shops with bar suggestions. THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN ANYWHERE ELSE!!!!!I'm not sure you can really beat the $10 brunch mimosas here. Not only are they served with a good amount of champagne, they flow like no one's business! You can even get a "to-go" cup after you have had all that you can drink. The services is attentive and quick. On our last visit, we sat in the courtyard which is way more fulfilling than eating inside. We arrived at 10am on Sunday and didn't even have to wait, but this place did fill up fast. I am a fan of the standard egg breakfast with a biscuit. My husband had the burger last time, and it was delicious. Also, the chocolate chip pancakes are almost as good as the one's I make! =) 
Definitely give this place a chance! Check out the courtyard and enjoy!The best thing about this place are the bottomless mimosas on weekends. That's it. Food is okay if you're already drunk or if you're having breakfast after a night of heavy drinking. Your taste beds are dull and numb from the alcohol... The service is mediocre at best. There's a lot of chit chatting in front of you between co-workers. I've been here at least 5 times and the experience has been the same. I just wanted to get my guests to see their great patio. But it's not worth all that. There are better places. Now I know.Great service and great food. Can't beat $10 bottomless wine on Tuesday nights! Pretty good wine too. I ordered the "DA Duck" and it was amazing! Take my word for it and order it.Went here on a Sunday in Texans gear and still got great service lol. I had the steak and eggs and it was ok, I really enjoyed the skillet browns(potatoes). I also ordered the corn roasted cheese grits and they were enjoyable. A friend ordered the Cajun Benedict and it was to die for!!! I was continusly eating off her plate. I went to the restroom and was very disappointed when the plate was gone! They also have bottomless mimosas for $10. The mimosas are ok, mostly orange juice with a splash of champagne. Overall it was a good brunch place with good food for a reasonable price.Hands down the worst shrimp and grits I have ever had. The grits tasted instant and the shrimp were in a ketchup-like tomato sauce. Horrible! On the plus side the waiters were friendly and the beer selection was good.This place just opened and is great! lots of beers on tap and an interesting menu