I enjoy We Dat's. The wings are tasty... but nothing spectacular. The customer service is completely lacking. I stared at my order being ready for five minutes while the male cashier took a personal call. Come on. If you're going to charge higher than normal prices at least provide above average service. Spent almost $20 for a 10 piece, fries, and drink. That's way too high in my honest opinion..especially since the service standard isn't there.One of the BEST wing places in the city! love coming here on a Tuesday to get their .75 cent wing special. The pineapple lemonade and wuzzam wings play a factor in my reutas well. Love going to a dining establishment with the assurance of never being disappointed AND its black-owned! I could not ask for anything more.I went to We Dat during my Essence Festival 2018 trip. I asked a few locals about a good place to eat and We Dat's Chicken came up several times. The food did not disappoint! I went late at night so there was a line but it was worth it. I got the Wazzum and Lemon Pepper and loved them both. Definitely eating here again next time I'm in NOLA!I follow a lot of people from NOLA on social media and this place kept popping up on my feeds, the food looked great so this place was a must try for us, we tried the storefront location and not the truck. There were a bunch of teens hanging around out front and I won't lie it made us think twice...after they dispersed we walked in, there's a lot of local art/celebs painted on the walls which was cool, there wasn't much seating and it really didn't seem like a sit and eat place but we weren't about to walk out meals back to the hotel so we stuck around, I had the hot wings and fries and my company had the sweet heat wings (which were really good....better than the regular hot wings) the sweet heat wings were a mixture of hot and bbq sauce. The ordering process was something that could use some work, the set up just didn't look "together" but since this was a new business I didn't let that deter me. the cashier got our orders mixed up & forgot my drink but we made it work, we opted to eat in and watch the game, the table area was clean overall, one of the cashiers made it her focus to clean up tables quickly as guests left. the food was pretty good, nothing to write home about but it tasted just as good as it looked on social media, if you need something to curve your hangover from bourbon street or have a late night wing craving this is the place to go.Came here SAT afternoon 10/15 around 1pm. Not crowded. Ordered wings and fries. Everything was excellent. The Lemonade was also very good...not sure how they made it. Decent prices for everything. Not a real big spot.Me and my husband ordered from We Dat's 4 times, and every time, our order was messed up. Like why can't they ever get it right? They're also promoting UberEATS. By the time your food gets to you, it's cold and hard. The people that work there need to pay more attention to the customer's orders. The guy that took my order the very last time was rude! It seemed as though he was high off something because he was moving really slow, just not in tune with the freaking world . It's ridiculous. I don't think I'll be eating there anymore.Good wings...good price...friendly customer service. The owner took my order and was so friendly. I got the wings with Wuzzam sauce and ranch fries. My son considers himself a wing expert and he loved it! I will definitely return when I come back to New Orleans.10 wings with a generous portion of fries that were soo good I couldn't leave any behind.  If I wasn't staying in a hotel I would have kept half of it for the next day.  I was in and out with my bundle of joy in under 20 minutes. The longest part of the wait was the line to place my order.I got the lemon pepper wings and Cajun fries. Both were delicious! Next time we're in NOLA we're definitely going to visit We Dat again!Bad service. They gave me 10 shrimps & a lot of over seasoned fries. I wouldn't recommend this place.I want to start off by saying the food is amazing but as for customer service , i noticed they have this new guy i havent seen him as ive been a loyal customer here. Jonathan is his name and he is very sexist i am very disappointed. Keep in mind this is coming from a woman. He gives free drinks , free ranch , and takes off prices of thing to girls who he thinks are attractive. He flirts with them while other people are in line waiting to order. I personally wouldnt think its fair if i were a guy. I hope the owner gets to this. I love the food but i would prefer someone who doesnt try flirting with me as it makes me feel comfortable, im only here for the food sorry. I mean no harm to the brand. It is just upsetting.Since seeing them on IG and reading the reviews, I was craving this place as soon as I touched down. I ordered the lemon pepper wings at Essence Fest. I also had an opportunity to meet the owner. He was very relational! Great guy! The wings had much flavor. I saw that they had a chicken wrap and I was determined to get it! Finally got over to try the chicken wrap and it didn't disappointment. The pricing was to be expected. I figured there would be a wait. The only disappointment was that they only had 2 people working in the kitchen and one at the register.I visited for the first time on Saturday around 11pm after watching a Broadway show at the Saenger Theatre. We were looking for something close by that was open late! It's located further up Canal than I thought. While the restaurant has nice drawing and pics on the wall, there was a strong urine smell right as we entered.  We decided to order to go. The cashier was very friendly and took his time explaining the different flavored wings. I ordered the bbq and my friend ordered the original. I made the wrong choice! Mine seemed as though the sauce was just poured on the wings and served. I like my sauce to be cooked, marinated on the wings. The flavor of the sauce was pretty good however. Now on to the winner, the original wings!! They are plain with no sauce but have a distinct flavor that is seasoned wonderfully!! I wish I had gotten the original! The one wing that I did have had me licking my fingers and wishing my friend would offer me another one. No such luck!!! If I'm in the area again I would definitely get the original! The price was decent but we had to go back and order ranch dressing because it does not come with that. I believe a 6pc wings and fried was $9.00 and the ranch dressing was 3 for $1.00.I discovered We Dat's on IG. I was visiting Nola and mentioned to my fam that I really wanted to try it. We went during the lunch hour on 03/27/17. I was disappointed in the customer service we received - for me it plays a large role in the full experience. The wings were delicious, the shrimp was good, & the fries were okay.Low key and yummy!!!!! Lol we just stopped here on our roadtrip going west and we were pretty satisfied! Their wings are on point and so are there fries! When I visit again I'm going back!So delicious!!! I recommend the wuzzam wings with loaded fries, it was heaven on earth! Not to mention the music was so good, makes u feel like u are making love to your food! #babymakingmusicChicken tenders were plain tasting and burnt. I have had better tenders from a gas station. I got their "hottest" sauce and it wasn't even mildly hot. The only saving grace was the pineapple lemonade which was delicious. The staff was friendly and courteous, but the food just wasn't good. My co-worker had the wings and said they weren't very good either.My husband and I were both tired of the French Quarter traditional foods so we ventured further down Canal Street to We Dat's and were not disappointed. The wings were sooooooo good. My husband had the Hot Spitta wings and I had Lemon Pepper...no complaints from either of us. The fries were on point too. The pineapple lemonade was pretty good; however the fruit punch had a sugar overload. I could only bare to take one sip. This is the only reason why I've given 4 stars. There's lots to choose from on the menu, so without a doubt on my next visit I'll be coming back to We Dat's. Overall I'd highly recommend to NOLA visitors, especially those who are tired of the French Quarter hype.Bustin' loaded fries & large chicken wings. If you are a moderate eater, 6 will be more than enough.The food was pretty good. I can't deal with too much salt so the seasoning was a little overpowering to me. But I loved the crunchiness of the chicken.I got the lemon pepper wings and Cajun fries. Both were delicious! Next time we're in NOLA we're definitely going to visit We Dat again!Went there was on a recommendation. Got their shrimp dinner. It was over cooked, no taste, and very few shrimp for the price. I wouldn't ever go back there again.  It wasn't the worst shrimp dinner I have had but definitely the worst one I have ever eaten in Louisiana.I came across this place literally by accident, I was hungry and it was directly across the street from my Hotel. after my meal I realized it was FATE! The best wings I ever had Garlic Parmesan Wings with Cheese Fries!! And very reasonably priced I was shocked. Not only that I realized I had also seen this spot promoted on IG by the lovely Supa ( whom I LOVE!) 
  Only 3 or 4 couples were in there with us the wait was about 15 mins and then BAM greatness lol
Also try the drinks!! I had some sexy something drink ( I can't remember the name of it sorry )which as Tasted so good and got me feeling right!If they had a review on the service I would give them 5 stars. The food just wasn't what I thought it would be, the quality of the food was great. I just didn't like the sauces and that ranch that goes on the fries. Everybody can't do the ranch fries like the Wing Snack sorry but nobody can pull that off. Great atmosphere and the owner was so sweet. I just wish there was more to offer with food wise.The person taking my order recommended I try the wuzzam sauce because it is a customer favorite...and I was definitely not disappointed! We ended up ordering through UberEATS I was pleasantly surprised when they followed all the special instructions perfectly. One of my favorite wing places in town!!Great place conveniently located downtown near the interstate. The great thing about this place is that everything is cooked fresh to order. When it's not busy, it's amazing because there is no rush (basically, no undercooking or over cooking the food). 
Your best bet is to order from UberEats but not from their online system. I ordered wings and fries through the website at 12 o'clock on a Sunday when it wasn't too busy. I arrived at 12:30 expecting my order to be waiting for me and it was not. I don't even think the guy at the front checked the online order system until---after about 10 minutes of waiting for my name---I stood in line with every else and explained that I actually ordered online. The guy still had to write out my ticket. Imagine my frustration and impatience waiting for my food to be cooked after already waiting 40 minutes online. I'm pretty patient but it's kind of ridiculous how I watched a good 10 people get their orders before me after ordering in person! Either the guy was not paying attention to the online orders at all (page had to refresh) or I had just missed a huge rush.
Either way, the food is always delicious and the staff is usually friendly. They all aren't as welcome as the owner himself but you can't help but salivate from the wait of it all!!This place was very mediocre and a bit pricey. They ran out of their combo dishes of chicken and sides the day I was there on Sunday May 27th. I decided to order the regular wings and fries, which came seasoned just okay. The food appeared to be made to order, but has a longer than usual wait time and there's no bathroom sign on display to allow you to go unless you ask perhaps, in my case I did not.I've visited we have that in April and had an amazing experience food was tasty wings were well seasoned can't wait to come back!!Our 1st time in New Orleans & our 1st trying that place & the last time too, i asked the lady how big is the fish since it was $14, she says they were nice sized, so I ordered the brow special, now they had 2, one was for 2 pieces of catfish & fries, the other is 2 pieces of catfish & 10 pieces of shrimp w/fries, I ordered the brow special catfish (no shrimp) now maybe I should've clarified with the young lady, but since I just asked her about the catfish she would've thought I wanted the catfish special, it wasn't until my boyfriend notice the receipt that I was charged $22 (catfish & shrimp special,) the young lady never checked w/me if I want the $22, she just assumed, I am allergic to shrimp, can't eat it at all, but I can eat fried fish with no problem even fried in the same grease as the shrimp, I have no problems, I went back to the girl she did fix it & i got refunded the $6, we got our food, went home & guess what I had w/my fish, shrimp , I ate the fish & my boyfriend ate the shrimp, the fish didn't have any seasonings, my boyfriend asked for hot sauce for the fish, they didn't have any, I had nothing to cover up the fact that it was bland, neither one of us could finish the fries b/c they had a burnt taste to it like it was fried in very old oil, on a brighter note, my boyfriend like the chicken, but he said the shrimp didn't have any seasonings to it, so maybe it's the seafood that needs working on & change the oil from time to time, also offer mustard & hot sauce for the fish.We Dat is great! I got the wuzzam wings with cheesy ranch fries! So delicious! The staff is super friendly. The whole business is so New Orleans, complete with murals of the city and a life size SupaCent cut out! It's awesome! Go get you some!!Came Sunday night of Mardi gras. Across from the junge hotel.  Had about a 15 min wait in line. Wait was worth the food at 1230amWas on vaca in NOLA and came across this place on IG and HAD to try it when I got there. Highly recommend!!!First off, im a chicken wing fanatic. I loves me some hot wings. With that being said, this place does decent wings. Dont get me wrong, they are not bad but in my opinion they need to expand their flavors. I got i think a 24 piece, half wazzam and half hot. It was on the expensive side too but they are on Canal so i understand. The wazzam was a mix of lemon pepper and hot i think she told me. I was not impressed with the flavor. And the hot was just ok also. I also ordered the ranch fries and i wasnt impressed with those either.The food was pretty good, I'll give them that! However, the place itself was a turn off. They need to do a major cleaning and renovation. Even the radio speakers were busted and we had to listen to loud terribly staticy music. I probably wouldn't go back unless I was super drunk.We came here from out of town because we seen it on instagram. Once we got here I asked the gentleman at the counter about the sauces he had a bad attitude. He was NOT helpful what so ever. It was not very welcoming. I feel they need a better person at the counter with a better personality.I was here twice in one week and the service was IMPECCABLE both times. The staff is super friendly and positive. The ambiance of the restaurant is WELCOMING and familiar. It's VERY CLEAN and doesn't have the smell that some restaurants do when they specialize in fried foods. 
I ordered the catfish and it was FRESH. Like pulled out of the ocean fresh. FRIED TO PERFECTION. I can tell they use FRESH OIL. 
You MUST come here if you're in NOLA! 
Love from Brooklyn!I went here the other night, it was like 11pm. I got 30 wings. 10 sweet heat and 10 regular. The sweet heat flavor is soooooo good!! It's the perfect combination. Not overly sweet and not hurry and grab a glass of water spicy. The service was good and they do not slack on their proportions. I also had the pineapple lemonade. Yes Lort!!Fried fish was fried good but way over priced. $14 for a fish plate. Ordered a topping for my fries, I went with cheese and i was disappointed it was just shredded cheese sprinkled on top. My friends wings looked and smelled great and her wing sauce was good. Service was friendly.This is a little late but sorry I've been extremely busy. I saw them on Instagram and thought the food looked delicious. When I went it was not very busy. Menu is simplistic once I realized that menu was on the wall in front of me. I placed my order with Stephanie. Let me say she was so nice. Great customer service. Very friendly, really sweet and genuine with my daughter and myself asking us about our trip. She is a rarity in customer service now a days. She was great from start to finish. Stephanie keep up the good work.
Now the food... I ordered the BBQ wings (all drumettes) and added shrimp. Omg those wings were the . That sauce was so good and familiar...that damn sauce tasted like my sauce I make for my wings at home. You know I was in love. I love when a food tastes like my food or better and they were on point. If I lived there I would be there all the time. The wings were cooked perfect; just how I like them. The shrimp was not over cooked and were seasoned to perfection. They are going to be my first go to when and if I ever go back to New Orleans. They will get my money quick. I am very funny about my food and a very picky eater. They will have no trouble getting my to eat there. I wish them so much success. I love seeing great black owned businesses. Please go there and support. First New Orleans next the world!!!I found out about this place on IG. My husband and I traveled to New Orleans and had a great time! We needed a place to grab a quick bite so we could drink after and have a good time on Bourbon St. I got the Wazzam wings with fries covered in ranch dressing and hot sauce. The wings had a tangy spicy kick to it and the fries were delicious. I was pleased !Saw pictures of this spot on Instagram and was excited to try them out. I ordered 6 wuzzam wings, shrimps, and cheese fries. Come to find out they ran out of cheese. First let down. Bill came out to about 15 bucks. A little pricey but not too bad. Took about 10 mins for my order and requested a side of blue cheese. No blue cheese only ranch :-/ as a wing establishment I would suggest having blue cheese. That's pretty standard. 2nd let down. So wings were good. Crispy saucy all that you would want in a wing. Wuzzam sauce was good. Fries were mediocre and the shrimp was disgusting. They tasted like they were fried in old oil or were spoiled shrimp. They had a real foul smell to them. Probably won't come back or suggest this spots. Visiting New Orleans there plenty of places to try with delicious food. This ain't it.We Dat!! I ordered a 6 piece hot with regular fries and ranch on the side. When my order arrived I had a 6 piece hot with ranch fries. The chicken was crispy which I enjoyed. The order wasn't as hot as I thought it would be. I will return to give them another chance.The bomb. Chicken wings and fried catfish... yum. Delicious fries.. just the right thickness and well seasoned. Nice employees. Cool murals abound. Ran out of sweet tea (must be good), but happy with fruit punch. Great, hot food.I had high expectations from their IG page. The food looked delicious. But it was nothing more than fried frozen French fries and shrimp, loaded with ranch dressing, and Tony's sprinkled on top. Disappointing. Over priced. Thought dudes were gonna get in my car.Excellent wing sauce and wings made to order! Lots of flavor! Great customer service and convenient location. I can't wait to go back! Highly recommend the wings with wuzaam sauce. The shrimp were underwhelming and too pricey for the size they were. But the wings! Some of the best I've had. Tastes like Cajun and lemon pepper mixed together. Great price on the wings as well. This will be my first stop next time I'm in NOLAIf I could give 0 stars, I would.  Between the horrible food slathered in sauce, the ear piercing loudness of the music, and the unprofessionalism of the whole presentation and staff, this is one place I definitely wish that I had never come.Had the wuzzam wings and a margarita. Delicious and a bit on the pricey side but worth it to me. I'd go back and try the catfish and the sweet heat wings. They're further down Canal so it's cool for lunch dinner or a late night snack attack. Greg the owner wasnt there and I was looking forward to meeting him. I follow him on Instagram and he's humble, handsome and focused. He loves his community and is always willing to lend a hand where he can. The restaurant was clean, friendly staff and the atmosphere was dope! Nice music and people enjoying themselves without the hangout effect. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all people were balanced with socializing  and patronizing the business. The margarita was not for amateurs it was a nice stiff drink. The wuzzam wings are for spicy lovers. Nice to see a Black owned business in the French Quarter thriving. Greg is young and he's doing it right. He's on his way to opening his second location  far cry from his days on a food truck. I will continue to support him and hope you will too.The food was AMAZING! The owner, Greg, was absolutely AMAZING. I forgot to order toppings on my fries. He immediately added the toppings free of charge. Really great establishment and unmatched customer service! A MUST TRY WHILE IN NOLA!!Okay im being 100% honest. The place was nice looking shop. But #1  You have 3 people taking orders and not clearly writing what customers order.
Example a lady ordered shrimp and catfish fom one person and then the lady behind her ordered the same thing but she wanted the special fries and extra catfish. They both gave there names and when the food came up since the orders looked almost the same if the first lady [said if i wasnt honest girl i would had all yo free food] customers shouldn't be figure out orders. Thats your front counters job.Also they are the face of your company and the first impressions that people get about you. Not instagram,not Facebook and Twitter. Those just inspire people to come and hold they're opinion untill after they are served. 
#2 The prices your charging for what you serve doesnt equal. 19$ for a plate full of fries and 5 measly shrimp and 2 thin pieces of catfish.(yes i counted the shrimp) i ask the guy behind the counter will this feed 2 people he said (you can) i should have took that as a NO. I could have went anywhere and feed my family for the same price and had way more food. Broad and Banks for example.
#3 You have courted off areas for gaming and i guess small event's. But you barely have anywhere else  for people to sit. Unless you really just want to be a togo place.
#4 Why do you just have a random household garbage can that i have to lift the lid like im putting the trash out at my own house.(Also why is the lid broken)
Please get a professional one with a swing door like at McDonald's)you want people to start just leaving empty trash plates at the table. Like i started too before this nice older lady and her grandson ask if i was done at my table.
#5 Napkin boxes at each table please,you dont know how annoying it is to have to ask for more than the 3 thin ass napkins your giving out.
#6 Props to the owner i think it was him. You were coming around asking if everything was okay. I said it was but that was before had the chance to determine what my situation was with the food. But by the time i was in the middle you were gone with i think was your family. So this was one of the reason i gave you the second  star because i see you are at least trying to find the kinks. The first star was a combo of the food was actually good and you have peach sodas.Started following We Dats on instagram & knew I had to visit. Came in, ordered shrimp & fries. Food was prepared hot and fresh. Customer service was friendly & efficient. DH ordered a Long Island iced tea & said it was good & strong-not weak or for the weak! Generous portions, good food, do yourself a favor a stop by.Terrible. One star because I love that the owner gives back to the black community. The prices are way too high for what they are serving, plus the food quality is poor. I ordered a shrimp wrap and the presentation was not whay they portray on social media. It was cold, it only had 4 shrimp (seriously only 4), it was DROWNED in hot sauce, and there were BBQ finger prints all over my greasy box. I tried to get over it but the taste was 10x worst, so I brought it back to the counter. The worker told me that I could not get anything else to replace my sloppy meal. After the agitating bicker between me and the cashier, they agreed to "remake" the meal (they just replaced the cold shrimp and dumped the drenched toppings from the old plate to the new. At least they gave me 5 shrimps this time around. There is a huge outside (before Katrina) trash can in the middle of the restaurant, and barely any place to sit. Plus there was caution tape blocking the way to the bathroom. Very disappointed in this place. Don't believe the hype.I was very excited to go to this place after seeing the progress on IG, but 33$ later the wings weren't cooked well the skin was soft and the sauce was basic, it made me sick to my stomach. I don't think this is a regular thing just maybe a bad batch but I won't be back. I'll stick to the seafood we have great wings in Birmingham.Theeeee complete TRUTH !!!!!!!!
Service great 
Food HOT and GOOD 
This is all I require when I'm spending my money at a establishment. 
I WILL BE BACKFood is good I won't lie but the price for the portions and the wait times are a tourist trap. The owner and his brother are usually at the front when we go and they are very nice and check up on you. Now finding parking is hell of a challenge. Good luck. Only bottled drinks and some expensive alcohol drinks (just go to bourbon). I'll keep coming but NOLA has such good food places with more portions and half the price.Not only were the wings flame, we dropped our wallet here and didn't notice for hours. We called and they had it in their register. Thank you guys.Big wings bomb sauce GREAT customer service! A bit pricey but totally worth it! You'll be very satisfied!Nice atmosphere, love the murals! I tried the Wuzzam Wings and Ranch fries. They charged $1 to add ranch on your fries, but will give you ranch if requested for your wings...i could've saved that dollar and just added the ranch myself lol the fries tasted a little old and the wings were ok. It was basically lemon pepper hot. And the punch was nasty and hot.I got wings and fries and asked for sauce on the side to go. My wings were still tossed in sauce. Wings had no flavor/seasoning. Cheese fries had sad sprinkles of shredded cheese (disappointing) . Ended up throwing it away. Don't believe the hype, food is trash.My son dragged me to this place and I was happy he did. I had the lemon pepper wings and he had the BBQ wings and it was DELICIOUS. The service was great. I love how the owner engage with his customers. I also had something called pineapple lemonade and it was good also. Alright planning another trip back.I ordered Wuzzam wings which were too salty to eat and  shrimp horrible, over cooked. Ordered through UberEATS and instructions wasn't followed to put ranch on the side.I had been craving these wings since before my son was born so I stopped there after visiting family in the hospital.  The line was not long at the time.  Had about a typical 10-15 min wait.  They were so delicious!  Not much parking but it was worth it.  I also had my son with me and the owner, Greg, waited for me to get the stroller, baby, and myself into the car before he went in the shop.  What a sweetheart!!!Great Food and nice People. Came in late after a Pelicans game. Fresh food and great customer service.Well, I'm not sure what all the hype is about but I wasn't impressed at all.  It was a nice twist on chicken wings but I left hungry.  I had the lemon pepper wings with drizzled ranch was well let's say the wings at wing stop are better.  The fries were pretty imaginative but I think because it was late my fries didn't seem fresh.  My better half had the shrimp wrap and she wasn't impressed either.  It's pretty sad when we both looked at each other and said we should have went toWas able to visit this restaurant this past weekend and had a few of their wings. In all service was topnotch and the food was amazing. A bit costly but I enjoyed spending money with them. If you are in New Orleans and have a craving for wings check them out!Delicious big juicy chicken wings! I had the Parmesan and Lemon pepper. I also ordered a side of cheese fries...now for the fries I expected cheese fries to have nacho cheese on them...it was shredded. They were still good, just think the shredded cheese should've been nuked for a minute in order to melt it. Had a slice of pound cake with praline sauce on it. OMG so moist and rich. 
The reason I only gave 3 stars is due to the poor customer service and the music being so loud in there it gave us headaches. Our cashier was not friendly at all. Oh and we ordered some kinda alcoholic punch that was a total let down. Tasted like cherry kool-aid.BEST FRIES EVER!!!  I've never had fries sooo good.  We Datz drenched your fries in whatever toppings you chose anything from ranch dressing, hot sauce and cheese or you can have a combination of all three. The wings are also really good they have a cool selection of flavors even lemon pepper and buffalo mixed!  Staff is nice and helpful. Pineapple lemonade is to die for!We are in from Houston and of course we had to stop by. The wuzzam wings are spicy but good and the seasoned fries are good too. I loved the fresh fried shrimp. The margarita was a bit tart but we had an overall good experience.I was not impressed with this place. There was a little bit of a line when we got there, but moved up eventually. The service was ok. I ordered the 6pc ranch wings with ranch fries. There were no seasonings on the wings, the ranch dressing tasted like a no name brand bottled flavor sauce. It was nothing original. The cost was too pricey for what I had. I tried to order the pineapple lemonade and was told that they didn't have anymore, when clearly they had some left in the fountain. I asked if they were going to make some more and was told they didn't make it in the restaurant, but it was brought in from an outside source. My daughters ordered the apple pie and soon realized it too was something not made in the restaurant, but shipped in from an outside source that carried SaraLee desserts. My BFF ordered the 6pc BBQ wings and said it tasted like Hunts Hickory Smoke BBQ sauce.  Again nothing original.  Maybe it's just me, but if I'm going to spend that kind of money, let it be worth it on something original. If you like stopping by cousin junior's house for his chicken wing masterpieces where the bottled sauces are just poured all over everthing, then this is the place for you. If I am ever in the neighborhood again, I may just stop in to  try some of that pineapple lemonade. Then again...not!!The online order system is very pointless. I ordered and paid for my food online and received a message stating allow 20 minutes for it be received. Only to find out that when I arrived my order had not even put into the system. I ordered and PAID for my food at 10:21p I did not get my food until 11:46p, which is very ridiculous. Along with the lack of workers to fulfill the crowd during a holiday weekend. They had one lady taking order and giving them out. The wings are ok but the customer service is badWas on vaca in NOLA and came across this place on IG and HAD to try it when I got there. Highly recommend!!!Clean your damn bathroom! The bathroom was so disgusting that I couldn't even eat the food at this place. It's hot, no air conditioner on. It smells like fried chicken grease which can be expected but the entire shop shouldn't smell and be smoky. They had no bottled water and didn't have cups to give tap water. The fries are made with bacon bits and shredded cheese, not real bacon and cheese sauce. I'm not impressed.I stopped yesterday and enjoyed the food and the atmosphere! The server was very nice and held great conversation. The food was good. The Wuzzam wings were delicious . The BBQ wings were ok. Its more of a quick meal/have it with a alcoholic beverage meal. I'd go back!Food was okay, nothing worth going out of my way for to be honest. We got the food late night via UberEats. I got the wuzzam chicken wings, lemon pepper wings, and the ranch fries. The ranch fries were delicious!! The wuzzam wings were average. The lemon pepper wings were good, I'm usually not a fan of dry rub but i was really surprised. They're more on the lemony side and very zesty. Overall it was an okay place to visit - it's nice that it's open so late.I was recently in New Orleans I knew I had to try this place because of my favorite Instagram person Supa! My wings were amazing! I had the ranch wings it was so much flavor and they were cooked very well! I am going back in September and will be eating here againExcellent food & service!! Wings are delicious!! Will keep coming back!!! Excellent decor on the inside as well.Very good wings!!! Very good ranch fries!!! The owner and employees are very polite and courteous. Will definitely return.They are slow as hell in here. No real system of how to keep track of orders. A 10 piece meal with sauce was prepared before a 6 piece no sauce meal. The shrimp are tiny so don't bother if you were expecting a few bigger ones. They're expensive too - 6 wings run you $9 and 10 are $15. They're shrimp and fries is dry and lacks cohesion. The fries are just sad and limp with no seasoning. Their "wuzzo" sauce which is hot lemon pepper wings barely has lemon pepper seasoning. I had to ask for extra seasoning on the side. Don't let the few celebrities that have been by there fool you this is NOT the place to be. There are better food places where you can get a better bang for your buck (or at least comparable quality for your buck) than this place.I've been checking this place out from Home for quite a while now, like back when it was just a food truck, so once I got to NOLA I had to try it and I was not disappointed. (Shoutout to Supa!)
I came in for some Togo food as some of my friends were back at the AirBnB. 
I ordered a couple orders of the wings which was a task within itself because of all the good flavor choices. We settled on the Wuzzam and sweet heat wings and they were both pretty bomb. They both came with an order of fries. Everything was fried to perfection and the wings were a nice size too. I also ordered another side of loaded fries, topped with cheese, bacon, jalapeños and ranch...soo good!
The prices were reasonable. Definitely not the cheapest but not expensive either (somewhere in the middle). One thing that did blow me a little was the charging for f'ing ranch! Lol I mean it was only 50 cents a cup but it should be FREE! 
Sounds like I had a great experience right?! So why only 4 stars???
One word...RANCH! Lol
Overall solid establishment with really good wings. Whenever I'm in NOLA I'm there!All I want to know is, how can you have the word "shrimp" in the name of your establishment yet serve obviously frozen shrimp? The shrimp wrap was terrible, messily put together and had about 4 shrimp in total on it. The ranch fries and wings are just a knock off from the wing shack, nothing unique. Customer service was non existent and the place was unorganized. we dat, you gotta do better!Loved this place! I was attending the Shriners convention and was told about this place. What I found was, it was the real deal! the food was good, fresh and hot. The owner gives free meals to any homeless person that comes in. Giving back to the community and helping others.