This place had one of the best salads I've had in a while. Wife had the shrimp salad. The dressing was awesome. Only thing is that they didn't devein the shrimp. Also tasted the French dip sandwich & curry chicken salad sandwich. Both were delicious.I was hungry for a really good salad but not the run of the mill Cobb or Ceaser but something different and filling . I did a yelp search and I'm glad I did . The 4.5 stars for this deli should be 5 ! The restaurant was clean and comfortable and the service was above average. The salads are made to order and I ordered the curry chicken salad salad and it was ready even before I went and sat down ! This was probably one of the best salads I have ever experienced and I can't wait to come back and try a different salad or maybe the curry chicken salad again . I did not have a sandwich but looking at the other patrons sandwiches told me that I would not be disappointed! If you are hungry for sandwiches and or salad this is a must try !Very friendly restaurant close to my hotel.  They were closing soon after I arrived so I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and soup.  The service was quick and the meal was tasty.The prices are a little high but the quality of food as well as quantity is excellent. Their daily specials could be your lunch for 2 days so really just split the price in half and you are basically makin groceries. They always have a great selection of daily sugar free tea flavors.Delicious but not as cheap as I was hoping. Relatively good prices for the CBD. Service was great and very friendly.Good stuff! This my new fave sandwich spot, so many options and you get to dress your food yourself at the EXTENSIVE condiments bar! Also great staffWelty's Deli catered a small staff party we had at the Saenger Theatre today.  We've used them before and the food is always fresh and delicious!  Great pulled pork, mac, caesar salad and yummy desserts.  I recommend this place to cater events and just for a nice lunch.  Thanks Welty's!Very charming. Proprietor and staff were very friendly and engaging with customers. I had a sausage, egg, cheese on wheat that was very good. My husband had a salmon bagel that he said was fresh and tasty. They had good portions and a bar of condiments and veggies. Not being a big fan of the more barky proprietors you find in big cities, it was nice to find such a charming place to eat. I highly recommend it.The food was good. But Tina the "owner" (as she told me) was very rude. Customer service is not her forte. Maybe she was having a bad day, but it truly left a bad taste in my mouth. Her employees though are very sweet and helpful. If not for them I would have left.Great lunch spot. A little pricey but the plates are huge. Would definitely come back next time I'm in town.A slight walk from our hotel, but thank you Yelp! A local deli with a huge variety of salads, sandwiches and soups with local New Orleans flare. Off to the airport we got our sandwiches to go.  Colleague got the traditional muffuletta and I got the veggie.  Huge sandwiches, fresh ingredient - her muffuletta had salami, mortadella ham provolone olive salad fresh vegs.  My veggie was on sourdough with fresh tomatoes marinaded artichokes olive salad eggplant mushrooms mixed with a delish pesto. This place is great, a dozen different fresh salads from chef, smoked salmon, shrimp remulode, curry chicken. Their sandwich selections are tremendous; choice of over a dozen breads or croissant, pretzel or other onion rolls, traditional deli meats or local concoctions.  Place is packed, but friendly service.  Get your sandwiches here!  Everything is delish and fresh.I was told to try the Muffuletta while visiting New Orleans.... it was amazing.  The hospitality was better.  Great little deli in the busy part of town.  I will definitely recommend this to friends traveling to NO!The food was fantastic. Service was great also. Worth the expense, Will definitely eat here againWent here yesterday and has the Napa Salad. It was delish! I was watching all the amazing looking salads go by... Now I have to try every one they have! We will be back! Only downfall is parking but we just parked and fed the meter then walked three blocks! Totally worth it!I was too late for breakfast, served until 10:00 am,  but close enough to lunch at 11:00 so I had the Seafood Chowder and half a Roast Beef sandwich. The chowder was excellent, lots of shrimp and fish in a thick soup. It was very tasty. The sandwich had very tender rare roast beef and enough for a whole sandwich, not just a half. They have a self service bar with any condiment you would want. There must have been 20 different sauces you could try, from mayonnaises, mustards, BBQ, and hot sauces, to lettuce, onions, peppers, pickles, etc. By the time I left, the lunch crowd was beginning to show up.  The staff is friendly and attentive. They called some of the customers by name, which is a good sign that they would come back. It's behind the Intercontinental on Camp Street near Poydros. They are worth a try. My tastes are fairly simple and I like  this place.Stopped in here for a quick lunch on the way back to the hotel. Friendly staff, owner gave us great suggestions. Large sandwiches- nice selection of condiments: peppers, sauces, etc. husband had a huge delicious muffuletta. Breakfast menu looked yummy as well.Welty's is fantastic! Came here today for lunch and ordered the Muffaletta and the Welty's House Salad. Both had huge portions and were very tasty! Customer service was great all around from the person who took our order to the person who cleared our plates. I'll probably be back in on my last day in NoLA to order a sandwich to go!We braved the weather...torrential rain and flash flood warnings based on other yelp reviewers assessment of the muffaletta.   We were not disappointed.   The muffaletta was huge.  The sesame seed bun was fresh and soft. The olive tempanad was so tasty.  We also had a side of cole slaw which was crispy and just the right amount of sweetness.   
The service was super friendly....a great break place in NOLA!!This was my first time here. I had a rare 1 hour lunch break, so I wanted something that took a little more effort than a cheeseburger, but I didn't want to go sit down in a restaurant either. I came across this place as I was walking to another restaurant and I decided to stop in here because it looked cooler.
That lady that assisted me was really nice. I guess I came in during their lunch rush (12:00-ish) but the woman did make a little conversation with me, while still efficiently moving the line. I ordered the 1/2 soup and 1/2 salad combo. I got their soup of the day, which was loaded baked potatoe soup and the Welty salad. I was given a ticket and it took less than 10 minutes to give me my food and I was out the door. On my way out, I stopped at their "laniappe bar", which has various condiments that you may need with your meal. I got banana peppers, pickles and honey mustard dressing to go with my salad, along with napkins
I got my meal to go and ate it at my job. The soup was very good. This was my first time having this type of soup and it was a very good first impression. When I opened the salad, it had come with a side cup of balsamic vinigarette dressing so I used that instead of the honey mustard. The salad was also very delicious. It had mixed greens, chopped olives, shredded carrots, a tomatoe wedge and two quarters of a hard boiled egg. It also had some stringy stuff on top which i cant identify off the top of my head but maybe you can if you look at the picture I've included.
The entire meal ran me $10.08. I was very pleased and I will definitely go there again, possibly to try their sandwiches :-DGreat food and choice- healthy choices too- friendly service (what else in the Crescent City!) would definitely recommendWe were drawn in by the scent of good food as we passed by - we had excellent salads - Asian chicken, Caesar salad, and a few others. All were great and freshly prepared. Be sure and get some of the fresh fruit/lemonade combinations. Think it fills up quickly with the local business district lunch crowd so there may be a wait. Owners work the counter and were great to talk to. Full menu of New Orleans sandwiches too. Definitely a place to return to a little off the tourist path.Muffuletta was one of the best (and definitely the biggest) I've ever had. It was fantastic! The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean and nice.A friendlier place you will not find in NOLA. Big crowd there at lunch and we arrive with 10 people. No problem, come right up to order and we will find you a place to sit. Need help ordering? No problem, we will find something you like. Good food. fast and well priced. Lots of choices.  Did I say they were friendly?Welty's, I love you.
It's a sandwich shop. Just a little downtown, CBD,  open for lunch only, type of sandwich shop. The kind of sandwich shop with a basic menu, simple meats, the usual cheeses and a couple of salad choices- type of sandwich shop. Nothing special, right? WRONG! 
Welty's is awesome. Let's start with the service. They are open for lunch and they are always very busy. However, the people that work here are so damn pleasant and will  never rush you through your order without asking how your day is... And are actually interested in your reply.
The food. Oh my, the food. Who knew a turkey sandwich could be so good? Where do they get their roast beef from? Heaven? Or the au jus for the french dip? God, I am drooling just thinking about it. Let me just make one thing clear; Welty's piles the meat on those sandwiches. You will not go hungry, you can split just about everything, and most likely will meet your protein goal for the week in one fell swoop. Their daily specials should not be overlooked (baked potato soup is excellent) nor should you pass up the salads. The chicken curry salad is one of the better salads that I have ever had.
Oh and that lagniappe bar off to the side with a gazillion different types of mayos and mustards and pickled onions? My kind of place.So welcoming to us!!
All suggestions were perfect for us. Loved the muffuletta and Welty's salad - HUGE portions!!!I just had a salad that changed my life.  As a self-proclaimed salad snob the salad I had here was life-altering.  Romaine salad with cajun jumbo shrimp with a cilantro vinaigrette dressing.  Large portion, was stuffed.  Great staff, quick service.  Wish there were places like this in DC...Just in town for a visit.  I decided I really needed a muffaletta.  You have to try this new orleans original.  Large enough for four people and the bread, quality of ingredients as well as the olive salad is to die for.  All of the workers were wonderful and fully accommodating.  I'm coming back to this eatery.First time visiting Welty's and I'm sincerely hoping it won't be my last. We were spotted by the staff immediately as "newbies" and taken in with open arms and a friendly atmosphere. The selection is wonderful, and the food is great. Fresh and flavorful, and brought out fast. Definitely setting the standard for nearby delis high. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good lunch!I had the Ruben Sandwich and was the best I have ever had. The portions are quite generous and the service is quick. Such a great place for lunch, I will be back.After eating all the rich food of NOLA on our visit, this place was a nice break to get some really yummy deli sandwiches!
My husband and I both had a traditional turkey sandwich with the kettle chips and potato salad. The staff there was EXTREMELY friendly. 
The chips were homemade and there was a condiment bar to pile on anything you needed! They had tons of spreads with lettuce, tomato, onions pickles, peppers and more. Potato salad was delicious! 
We came at the tail end of when they were about to close and noticed they didn't rush their customers out the door even when 2pm hit. This is always much appreciated.Outstanding food and friendly service.  I highly recommend this as a great local deli that seems to draw a local business clientele.  You will not be disappointed.Excellent sandwiches! I had the New Orleans AK and I it was a massive sammy delivered on a toasted muffuletta roll piled high with ham, turkey, pastrami, and corned beef! 2 cheeses melted on a toasted roll accompanied by a side of tasty slaw. Waded it down with an unsweetened ice tea.Walked in randomly, doesn't seem like that much at first except for the blast of cool air coming in from the heat. The smoked salmon salad is amazing!! Also the homemade pomegranate lemonade. Great service as well. Great place overallMy husband and I were vacationing from New York and wanted a quick bagel.  Not only did we get charged $6 for bagels but then we had to toast and butter them ourselves.  A bagel with butter is a $1.50 in New York fully prepped.  There was even a roach in the pastry fridge crawling all over the place.  We told the people behind the counter and they removed the dish with pastries but 5 minutes later the pastries were back in the fridge.  That roach should've been our cue to walk out of there.I work nearby and this is one of my favorite places for lunch. The soups are amazing, the salads are delicious and have high-quality ingredients, and the portions are HUGE. They offer a regular menu of sandwiches & salads, but feature a special soup, sandwich, salad, and plate lunch everyday. The plate lunches are big enough that I have always split them with my coworker and we always left stuffed (and I eat alot...). They make their own salad dressings, which is a big plus for me. They have one of the best cesar dressings ever, and their broccoli and cheese soup is my favorite.Was visiting NOLA on business and found this awesome little spot via the magic of Yelp.  This place is a bit off the beaten path but the short walk there is completely worth the trip.  On a hot, steamy NOLA day it was a treat to seek refuge with the fantastic salads and very friendly owners at this place.  We ordered the Shrimp Remoulade and Chicken salads and they were outstanding.  Fresh shrimp and housemade remoulade were impressive and the quality of the greens was fresh.  The chicken salad was flavorful and not overly salty which was appreciated. We had refreshing house made blueberry/mint ice tea that was also out of this world. We noticed that a lot of folks that work in the area seemed to regulars at this place so it seemed that this little deli has a strong local following as well.  Don't miss this place and make sure to say hello to the nice owner at the front of the house!We stopped in here for breakfast during a recent conference and the owners were the nicest people in town!  We're from up north and my friend asked to have her bagel hollowed out to cut down on carbs. She got a funny look, a laugh and then a "we don't do that."  That sounds bad, but it was hilarious and I don't think anyone is hollowing out their bagels in the Big Easy.  After that we sat down to a nice breakfast.  I got the salmon that usually goes on a bagel in a wrap... I know, I know, I'm just as bad.  But it was really good and what made it better was one of the sauces over on the shelf.  They have at least a dozen of them and the one I had was perfect with the salmon.  My friend enjoyed her (unhollowed) bagel and we were ready to start our day in the Big Easy.  Thanks to the folks at Welty's for the nice, warm welcome!This sandwich place makes amazing food.  Really fresh with high quality ingredients.  Bf loved the egg salad sandwich and my asian chicken salad we so good.  Chicken on top was so flavorful! Great condiment bar so you can dress your own sandwich, tons of sauces to choose from too.  Neat little place, I got it to go, they were fast and really nice.  Going back again today for lunch!This is my go-to lunch spot downtown. They have a large selection of sandwhiches, salads and lunch plates. There are also daily specials which I recommend trying (usually include a sandwich, salad, soup and a plate special like red beans).
I tend to order the curry chicken salad which is really good. I order it on pumpernickel and it comes with chips or a fruit cocktail cup and a pickle. 
You can tell that the food is fresh and that the place is clean and well managed. The owners work the front counter and are always there -- a sign that a place is well-run and cared for.
Only thing to improve it would be to replace the fruit cocktail side with real, fresh fruit.Wonderful! Friendly people. Generous portions. Good variety. Really neat decor. Food was wonderful. Try the chicken tortilla soup.I come here every once in a while for lunch (I work across the street).  I almost always get the Asian Chicken Salad.  It's just SOOO good...
Baby greens topped w/Roasted chicken, carrots, red 
cabbage, Mandarin Orange segments, Fried Rice 
Noodles, Sliced toasted almonds & tossed in our 
Ginger Soy Dressing
My only issue here is the prices.  Just a little high for me.Food was excellent, owner can spot a tourist from the moment we walked in the door and she was very nice as well. Very good spot for lunch, highly recommend!We went to Welty's on Halloween to grab a sandwich and salad for take out. The staff was great fun and the food was amazing. Great mufflaleta (lots of olives) and salad. If you are in the NOLA business district and want a great, filling, deli lunch check this place out.Humongous delicious muffulettas! Son got 1/2 muffuletta and shrimp gumbo soup combo and it was delicious and a great value...a taste of local flavor lightened up. Tapenade in sandwich was amazing and made it along w the usual sliced Italian muffuletta meats (but thinner and not heavy). Light on salami if that makes a difference but the ham was especially excellent !
Counter orders and pickup but the place was comfortable, cool, clean, bright and friendly!
Highly recommend!I hadn't been here in at least 10 years since I don't work in the CBD anymore.  I felt like eating a fresh sandwich and decided to venture to the CBD.  It was definitely worth it!  The service and food is fantastic. I lucked out and got a parking spot right in front - yes I had to pay for parking, but not complaining.  I had the California Club. Delicious!  You can't find a sandwich like this everywhere. Guess I'll be driving to the CBD again more often. One note - my sandwich wasn't cut.  No big deal.Eat here quite often as it's close to my office.  The food is sooo good!  I usually get whatever is a special that day....the salads are huge and never disappoint.  Plus the waitstaff is so friendly and the food is reasonably priced.  
Go there!This place is awesome!! Walked by and saw a happy crowd and wanted to join in!  Family owned and operated. Mrs. Welty was super approachable, accommodating, and amazing beautiful!!!  Being from out of state the hospitality was truly great! The Cochon (breakfast bowl) was on point.I enjoyed Welty's. I got the California Club on a ciabatta, and when I first got the sandwich, it looked too big to finish, but I somehow managed to eat all of it. I also enjoyed the fruit cocktail that is available as a side. Great spot for lunch. It's nice to have it so close to work.So legit, this was AMAZING! The owner, or who I hope was the owner was so passionate and welcoming to tourists. The food is beyond phenomenal and fresh. She found out it was my birthday and brought a brownie with candles to our table and sang. Should be a #BucketList for anyone visiting.If you arrive at 11:50 a.m. and they're already out of entrées, I guess that's a good sign. It's busy, but places free up fast, so don't be that douche who puts a coat at a table while you're waiting in line to order. I had a perfectly respectable Reuben sandwich and a mango lemonade. I liked the food here more than the nearby Majoria's Commerce restaurant.Quick service, great prices, Iced Tea and WOW, what a great wrap.  Just delicious.  Hit the spot for me while attending a conference.  Conference food is always awful, so I skipped out and found this place.  YUM.Now this is what I'm talking about.  Excellent lunch, fresh and local ingredients, friendly counter staff, good sized portions.  By good I guess I mean large. 
Their salads are always wonderful, their soup delicious.  I highly recommend the flavored lemonade.  The mango is my favorite.
You can check out the menu online and order over the phone. 
Otherwise, as previous reviewers have mentioned, it gets packed in there.  My office mate and I go around 11:15.  We find this a good time to go anywhere for lunch. 
Convenient to CBD people, worth the walk over from the 1/4.Great roast beef sandwich! Friendly staff. A little pricey....almost five stars but for price.The Napa salad with chicken was beautiful: fresh avocado, delicious crostini, tender chicken. Fast service, nice atmosphere, well-sized portions. Perfect place for a quick lunch.I am in Nola for a week for a work meeting and found this little gem right on he first day. It was so good that I went here for lunch for the rest of the week. It's delicious, fast, staff is very friendly and compared to other places affordable!Best Lunch in the CBD, I wish they had a dinner spot too.  The daily specials are the best, Friday seafood specials are usually too hard to resist.The employees were extremely rude and degrading...and their sandwiches are nothing specialGreat local place! Sandwiches, soup and  salad.  I had the turkey on pretzel bun.... yummy! Price  is reasonable and service was good.Wonderful gem!  Delicious food and a wonderful staff!  I suspect the lady who took our order was the owner.  She was a riot and super sweet.  I recommend this place for a break from all of the heavy Louisiana cuisine.  Definitely be back before our departure.If you work downtown, this is a great little sandwich and salad shop.  It's very popular and often crowded.  I go here at least once a week.
PROs:  Great, friendly staff.  Good selection of sandwiches and salads, which are tasty.  Daily specials for variety.
CONs:  Their dishes are not universally appealing, though they are consistent.  What I mean by that is, some people like their chef's salad, for example, but others will hate it.
I (and some of my girlfriends) could eat the chicken caesar salad every day, though.
Portions are huge.  Bread in sandwiches are on the thick side.  (CON for me, but PRO for others)Love love loooove Welty's! Used to eat lunch here all the time and everything was always bursting with flavor. Never had any complaints, always busy, but never left waiting too long!This place is great! First and foremost, the business owner is a delight. She really engaged with her customers, has a great sense of humor, and you can tell she really cares about the people who walk in the door. Even if the food was terrible I would still like this place. 
But the food is great! Big portions, you can add your own toppings, and they have a variety of sauces to choose from. I'm coming from NYC so I'm used to delis (good and bad!) - I'd love to have this be my neighborhood deli.Amazing food, super friendly, great experience wait staff was polite and professional well worth the money.Owner is very nice.  Wife loved her turkey on pumpernickel. I had Ruben which was good. Potato chips were great. They have a nice condiment bar with pickles.  Deserts looked great but we resisted.Try the muffaletta. It is enormous...bigger than my head. Definitely enough for two also the gumbo was fantastic. A little busy during lunch but we'll worth the wait.Two days in  a row - great sandwiches and service. If I lived here this would be my go to lunch spot!What a fantastic place. These guys define what I've always said restaurants -- whatever food you intend to make, do the best job possible. These guys have decided to be the best lunch spot possible, and they've succeeded. I don't even look at the menu when we come in - I just ask for the special, and it always is drop-dead good. Nice people, hyper-attentive, and an great vibe. 
If you are visiting NOLA, take the time to walk over and have a great lunch away from the tourist restaurants and treat yourself to the best $15 meal you will every have.Tina and the whole Welty's team catered a large event I hosted at the Port of New Orleans.  They did a fantastic job and were active members of my team in the lead up and day of the event.  I can't speak more highly of them!  Thanks so much!Delicious breakfast. The Belgian waffle is fluffy and covered in powdered sugar. Perfect start to my day.I am enamored w/ their vege sandwich - I get it on multi grain bread w/ provolone cheese & it is quite YUMMY!!!! mmmmMMM!!! Roasted veges - so nice!!! Comes w/ chips. I have had their salads & other (wheat) pasta (chicken-something) for a business luncheon & loved them as well!! 
The staff are very friendly & helpful!Really enjoyed the seafood patty sandwich and the grilled veggie sandwich.  The line is long and worth the wait.Tina the owner recc. The new orleans AK. The sandwich is huge and delicious. I'm ordering another one for the airport. Don't go to the tourist trap, Mothers. Instead walk around the corner and go to Weltys. Super delicious and a local spot. I hope tourists don't ruin gems like this one. 
Ps. Tina is super friendly, nice, welcoming ... place is also very clean and classy.I definitely recommend eating here day or night. The French dip was the best I have ever had with a nice crisp bread and the prime rib was very flavorful! The Au Jus is very tasty as well and maybe my favorite part of my experience besides the very friendly and helpful staff that give suggestions and opinions that are very much appreciated! Also had the lemonade, it was very good and the selection of condiments was unbelievable!!I love sandwiches. So I'm always on the hunt whenever I'm visiting a new city for a great sandwich shop. I discovered this place on yelp and am now having my very first muffaletta.   I LOVE it. The cold cuts are fresh and thinly sliced. The bread is delicious and toasted.  They have a couple little tables and chairs outside with umbrellas and today's a beautiful day to sit outside. I made the perfect choice.  I almost ate all my food before remembering to get a photo.  :/my cheese melty (grilled chesse sandwich) was very good.  the chips are pretty salty.
atmosphere is nice.  there's a busy lunch crowd.BRILLIANT curried chicken salad sandwich. Not spicy at all and FULL of flavors!! Yummmmm .. Has walnuts too :) also tried the veggie sandwich which was delish too. If you have a fav sandwich, they will make it even better. BEST place to have a delicious lunch/breakfast at a good price point of $10 per person. Highly recommend this place. Ohh and fabulous Lagniappe bar. LOTS of sauces and topping options. Go wild! :)Great service. Everyone was so accommodating with my big stroller while I was alone and and friendly.  The sandwich was extremely fresh, hearty and large. Loved finding this place!We were visiting from out of town and another colleague found this gem, it was absolutely wonderful! The food was delicious, the owner was incredibly sweet and cheerful, and had a great atmosphere. I highly recommend stopping by if you are ever in the area and, it has one of the best lemon bars I've ever eaten. So dang good!Had delicious chicken curry salad. Big dish of fresh greens with a fresh tasting chicken curry. Great deli staff. Colorful interior.  Will return. Menu lists a great number of sandwiches and salads.Tried this place for lunch with my wife. The place was fabulous! The owner and/or managers there were incredibly friendly. They had a great menu with very healthy portions. I got a pastrami sandwich with Cole slaw and my wife got a French dip. Both sandwiches were Awesome. The only thing I'm disappointed in is that we discovered this place on the last day of our vacation. 
Highly recommended!