With some of the best pastries in the area, this is one of those must see coffee shops. Want good cupcakes without going to a cupcake shop, this is your place. 
They take credit cards, and are more polished than some of the other coffee shops I go to. 
Need a mail box? 
A meeting place for a group? It won't be private or formal, but groups can come chill on the front or back patio, on the couch in the back, or in the dining room up one step. 
They now have a full kitchen / restaurant open a few days a week, but its never open when I am there (later in the day) I wish they still had some basic food available anytime other than bagels and pastries.I've been to this place three times this year, and it keeps getting better and better.  The first time I happened upon it, we stopped in for water and to use the restroom on Mardi Gras Day, during the magical St. Ann Parade.  It was relatively quiet, just us and a few other revelers in full costume, all there for the same reason.  
It was convenient, it was cute, we were there for 10 minutes and went on our merry way.  Never thought about it again.  
The second time I ended up here was last week and, again, convenience is what drew me back.  It's two blocks away from the house I'm staying in this summer, so when a friend wanted coffee this seemed like the obvious choice.  Again, we stopped in, got coffee, walked out.  
Cute place, average coffee, quick walk.  No big deal, right?  Au contraire, ma cherie!  
In this instance, the third time truly was the charm.  On my third visit I discovered what an amazing place this coffee shop is, and it is now firmly on my radar.  Again, I had a visitor, and we decided to go get coffee before doing some work, so Who Dat Coffee Cafe is where we ended up.  I thought we'd just get drinks to go, but while waiting for our order, trays of cupcakes caught our eye.  Was that bacon on top of that chocolate cupcake?  Indeed it was.
We ordered a chocolate bacon cupcake and a coconut one, both of which were absolutely delicious.  The table we chose had bouncy trampoline chairs, which are hard to explain but totally changed my life.  (It's the little things...)  The staff is super-friendly, and the entire experience was charmingly sweet.  I can't wait to go back, and even when I'm not living in the Marigny, this place is worth a journey across town.  
My only minor complaint is that they don't take credit cards, so be sure to bring some cash.  And don't leave without trying a cupcake.  They are seriously the best cupcakes I've ever had.  
One other thing worth noting, their tagline is: "Wake up and smell da Who Dat."  How awesome is that?Delicious pastries (I quite enjoyed the giant chocolate chunk cookie). Relaxed, nice atmosphere. Quiet. Great loose leaf tea selection. Decent wifi. Plenty of outdoor seating and some indoor seating, including a very comfortable couch. Overall, I'd highly recommend it. Great study spot.Who Dat has a close-knit neighborhood feel. I can only imagine the people that come here tend to all be regulars. Friendly people (both staff and customers), nice outdoor sidewalk seating, and pretty tasty food. I shared the corn cakes with a friend and had a cappuccino. The food was good, the coffee was below average, and the service was pretty much below average as well. It seems like when the place gets busy the staff gets deep in the weeds and that's pretty much what we experienced. However, we still had a good time, were comfortable, and the food was nice so on the strength of the food I'm giving 3 stars but the coffee wasn't worth the trouble.Best King Cake in the city! I also had their baked granola for breakfast the other day which was amazing, and clearly baked with love. 
Clean, quaint, friendly neighborhood service. Love it.This place is amazing! We are from Texas and my cousin brought us here. We were greeted with smiles, served delicious hot coffee, and seated right away. The staff was so friendly it made me wish I worked there. I tried the "not your mamas corn cakes" and they were something I have never tried before but now I feel like I am hooked. Truly this is a local treasure in a beautiful part of town. I highly recommend this place for its food and atmosphere.We stumbled upon this neighborhood cafe while visiting Nee Orleans. It is not fancy but the food was above and beyond amazing!!   We had pancakes, salad, heuvos rancheros, and Not Yo Mamas Cornbread.   Everything was incredible!!   The neighborhood is authentic NO style, quiet with great character.  Service, food, and character - all 5 stars!!Very cute, fun and unique atmosphere. I loved the bar with a wide selections of coffees and teas. Great bartender. Great hostess. However after being seated we waited a half hour to be greeted then another ten minutes until our order was taken. Service was incredibly slow. But the food was very good! I had a build your own omelet, biscuits and gravy and a whole grain pancake! Nice if you have a lot of time to relax and spend, bad if you are trying to eat and go.Awesome breakfast!   Everything done superbly and large portions.  Wish we weren't too full to eat more.You MUST eat here! HolyWOW... I had the quiche dish breakfast called DA St.Phillip quiche with crabmeat and shrimp and OMG. It was so much better than I could have imagined. Very clean, nice staff, and prompt service with a killer menu! Right in the heart of the Marigny.The place is so cool in terms of interiors.. Servers are super cool too !! The food is amazingly fresh. We had cream of mushroom soup .. Which was one of the best soups we have had in long time. Also tried veggie pattie which was so fresh and yummy. The have a lounge area with comfortable couches where you can sit and enjoy the free wifi. Cool little place!Absolutely delicious!  Everyone ordered something different and each dish was tasty.  I would definitely recommend.  I'm glad we stopped here before leaving NOLA.Not your mothers cornbread was delicious. Coffee was good. Service was great. Atmosphere was fun and funky. Liked the coffee shop bakery with bar!  Turkey BLT was with roast turkey not deli sliced turkey and tasted real good. Picked up a scone for later.Perfect cafe that was right in the neighborhood for our stay in New Orleans. I had an amazingly fresh muffin and delicious coffee, while my boyfriend had a big breakfast to hold him over for the morning. Must be nice to have a place like this where you live!Found this place on a rainy Sunday morning. Such a cute little cafe, brightly colored and friendly staff! We were a little confused at first because it's right in the middle of a residential neighborhood. I feel like that adds to its charm. The food was good. I had the breakfast special which was just two eggs, bacon, toast and fruit, but everything sounded really yummy! The house made jam was delicious, I think the one I had was peach mango, but they have a few other flavors as well. Would definitely be a repeat customer if I lived in New Orleans!Yep, the other reviewers are right on it. It's cute and cozy with good coffee and very friendly guy behind the counter the night we were there.Who Dat is a Nice coffee shop. I could see why people like to come here. Wi-Fi / Internet A chill place area in the back of the shop. The Cookie are soooo damn good.Last haul before the airport. Great neighborhood breakfast place in Marigny! They also serve drinks! I would've given them 5 stars but my steak took too long. Other than that, it's a cute place with very friendly staff. Prices are great and locals come here. They also have outdoor seating.Amazing fresh foods. Over the top in flavored. Service great!!  I love the crisp fresh salad with fantastic red pepper vinaigrette. The pancakes were grainy and fresh.OH EM GEE. The corn cakes are amazing!!!Eat here if you're looking for breakfast. Good food, great service and vibe. My kinda place, frequented by locals, and outside the hustle of the Quarter. I wish I knew of more places like this in town.Great neighborhood coffee shop! Super friendly staff, great coffee. The breakfast sandwiches are a must.A friend on facebook suggested we try Who Dat and so glad that I did.  Loved the atmosphere, staff was very friendly, and great selection of drinks.  My friend ordered the wedge bleu cheese salad.  It was the biggest I have ever seen.  Dressing was house made.  Will definitely be returning with my family.We had a great breakfast on Valentines day, the best tasting hollandaise sauce I have ever had! Very friendly staff and great coffee, will definitely return on our next trip.Came here for the first time about a year ago, and loved everything about this coffee shop. The decor is intriguing and unique to New Orleans, and the options are plentiful. Exactly one year later, and I'm back in town for another service trip and HAD to return as this place had stuck out to me to that extent (others who returned for the trip for a second year agreed), and the new group was just as in awe. Walking in with a group of 12-16 people could easily be intimidating, but the worker handled it with grace. Love the differing rooms with different seating options and the outdoor patio, extremely guest friendly. Can we relocate to Cleveland by the Bourbon Street Ballroom? :)Sometimes when I need to study, I will go out of my way and drive from Ponchatoula to go here. Super friendly atmosphere, Bohemian enough to be perfect for the city, and amazing food and beverages.
Huge advantages: cold drip iced coffee, great location with good parking, endless array of pastries, excellently prepared savoury dishes. A great spot for people and dog watching.
When it comes to dining, I really only have one thing to say: corn cakes! Make sure you go hungry. They are... I can't even describe how incredible they are.
Seriously, the corn cakes are out of this world.
The people that work there are pleasant, genuine, very personable, professional, but with just the perfect amount of laissez-faire.
Another bonus: good Wi-Fi.
You should go.I'm so glad I discovered Who Dat Café! It's become my favorite Marigny coffeehouse! Nearly all of the wide assortment of baked items are made in-house. Everything I've tried is so delicious! The outside seating is on a comfortable corner and the inside seating is especially cozy. To top it off, they have a full assortment of liquor so you can turn your coffee, tea, juice or soda into a cocktail!Coffee/chai 2 stars, service and atmosphere 4 stars = 3 star balance. Who Dat is such a cute shop tucked on the street corner. You immediately feel welcomed by the staff and decor upon entering. To your right, up a few steps, is an area with a few tables and chairs. To the left, there's a hallway with a bathroom and some seating in back. The bar area, where drinks are made and baked goods are sold, takes up the majority of the space inside. 
Wish I ate gluten, cuz there were tons of baked options. All kinds of muffins, coffee cakes, and cookies! Bf was sad when he scanned the vast pastry selection - and asked about any gluten free options, but was met with the answer: "We are not allowed to carry anything because it might be cross contaminated." Sounds like they got beaten down by someone before. Too bad. 
Sounds like the food here is quite good, so perhaps we'll have to come back and try another time. For now, the drinks were a bit of a disappointment on our first visit here.Overpriced, mediocre coffee. Baked goods are very good. I'd go here more often, but I could save $2 on a cup of coffee down the street. 
When I do go, I enjoy the outdoor seating and friendly people.Delicious Reuben sandwich and impressive side salad for lunch today.  Service was fast and super friendly.  More tables needed.  Haha.  Love this Marigny place.Great little neighborhood spot. Food is good if a little pricey and the coffee is spot on. The employees just seem like they're all having fun which is a good sign. 
I had to come work here for a few hours one night and Kenny was so nice and we ended up talking for a long time, plus he served me a mean capoccino. Will be coming back for sureLovely place. Enjoy the relaxed but very nice atmosphere. Outdoor tables available to enjoy people watching and good conversations. I highly recommend!My wife and I were stranded in NOLA for a day and this coffee shop was right down the street from our hotel. The ambiance is really cool and has a great indie coffee shop vibe. The barista was friendly and helpful. I reserve one star for the cappuccino I ordered. I'm beginning to think it's a southern thing, but the foam I've been getting on my caps has been really thick and bubbly; not the microfoam you tend to see in specialty shops. It tends to really separate the milk from the foam. All in all a pretty cool place to take a load off and recharge.I have spent a lot of time studying and hanging out in this cafe. I do like the coffee, chi, muffins blah blah blah. But what really makes it for me is how pretty and peaceful it is in here. It's very light and airy, there are lots of places and different chairs and couches to sit on, there are tons of books   to read as well as art on the wall to look at, and there is a little patio! It just feels so comfortable, I could and have spent many hours enjoying this place.Everything here, from the friendly staff to the stellar food and drink offerings is all top notch.  There's certainly a reason we make this our daily stop on every visit to New Orleans.Best bloody of all.  I love this place.  Jams are absolutely great.  It's consistent and well worth the trip.  I come every time.The Who Dat is my favorite neighborhood coffee shop. They make their own spiced chai fresh every day and they have an excellent selection of locally made pastries- plus they usually have sausage egg and cheese biscuits made in house for about $3.  There is often fresh lemonade with seasonal fruit that is really killer over ice mixed with black tea. If you're hungry for more than a giant cookie or a muffin, the restaurant in the back has a full menu. The beverages are on the pricier side compared to some other area shops but they have a buy ten, get one free punch card that's a favorite for regulars. 
I ADORE the baristas.They're always friendly and often funny- just what I need before caffeinating. They do take plastic and don't charge a fee or a minimum.I love sitting outside, inside in the front, in the back on the couches. I like doing work here. I always meet interesting people at Who Dat. It's clean, inviting and the staff are all awesomely friendly and helpful. I've only had coffee and a Morning Glory muffin (super delicious) but I look forward to eating a meal soon. Love love LOVE this place :)We loved this place. It was busy when we arrived but they had a comfortable waiting area and were able to get us to a table rather quickly. The food was yummy. We had the corn cakes with the creamy egg sauce. My husband practically licked the plate as it was so good. We also had the catfish benedict. The catfish was cooked perfectly and it was delicious. They also have $5 mimosas and great coffee. This was a great find for us on our trip to New Orleans and I would absolutely return next time we are in the area.Strawberry cookie, what kind of unicorn magic is this??After cycling past for years & seeing outdoor tables filled with cheerful patrons, we decided to drop in for Saturday brunch.  Lali chose cornbread casserole, which was surprisingly tasty, while I went for the shrimp remoulade stuffed red tomato, which was excellent.  Looks like a sorta "full bar", yuppie drinks, casual atmosphere.  
We'll be back !Great service from Collin! Excellent food, portions and price. Quiet atmosphere and dog friendly. Will be back!The coffee is good but they don't know how to make a latte with almond milk. One day they tell me they do not make lattes that way and the next they can't froth the milk. But any other coffee shop can an I can do it at home. The Service is great. Food is blah. I've gotten breakfast there twice an have been disappointed both times. The food is not seasoned and very bland. I couldn't eat my grits because they were just gross. Felt like hospital food. The jams are the only thing I enjoyed. I will only go out of desperation I'd rather walk to fair grinds on st. ClaudeWound up eating breakfast here, only because Birdie's was closed... but it turned out to be one of the best meals we had while in NOLA. 
Really quickly - let me say that Birdie's sounds so cool with the ceramics studio, but it was still closed after their posted hours said it was open. After a few minutes of waiting, the woman who runs the studio (Birdie?) showed up on her bike, sent some texts to the guy who runs the restaurant and then told us she had no idea where he was. Bummer.
But it all worked out fine. We had seen Who Dat written up on Yelp, but the name makes it sound like a sports bar for Saints fans or something. I was way wrong. This is a great neighborhood cafe, on par with one of my favorite places in WeHo, called La Conversation. We sat outside on the tree-lined sidewalk and savored every bite and sip.
Delicious food and coffee, friendly service, quiet street, friendly diners (one of them had a shih tzu died magenta) who all seemed to know each other. I wish I lived there!This is ABSOLUTELY my favorite breakfast and coffee shop in New Orleans! You cannot go wrong eating here! This is one of the many old converted homes into a wonderful neighborhood place! Having the crabby bene, tea, and lots of other great foods!decent coffee, better breakfast egg sandwich. cute neighborhood spotI popped in here while talking a walk around the neighborhood with my friend and her dog. Why this place over all the other neighborhood coffee shops? They had lots of seating and it looked cute inside--- and smelled great! I definitely made a good choice.
The menu is extensive, so whatever you want, they're sure to have. Tons of drinks, tons of baked goods. Service was friendly and generally awesome. The shop itself has tons of seating indoors and out, with lots of folks just hanging out, some working on their laptops. Definitely a great hang out spot.
I got a mocha with non fat milk, which was phenomenal. Easily one of the best I've ever had. We also got a banana bread (great) and a pumpkin bread (AMAZING).Exceptional service. Excellent brunch available every day. Truly a neighborhood hangout.Who Dat Coffee Cafe was an enjoyable place to study for a few hours (free wifi), especially at the shady outdoor tables. The coffee was good, and I very much enjoyed my strawberry cookie.What a great experience!  Humza was our waiter and he was fantastic. Craig (the owner) -- what a guy!! Everyone was very warm and friendly. This was definitely worth the wait time (if its busy) and we will be back again before we go! Who dat Cafe - you rock! PS. Didn't get the not yo mommas but the crab cakes Benedict and by water bene are so so so good too! And those bloody Marys! Mmm Mmm mmmmmmThis was another local spot that we found on my last trip to New Orleans.  The service was great, as per the usual New Orleans hospitality!  The food was pretty good too.  Both dishes could have been warmer, but it still tasted good.  I had the vegetable quiche and my husband had the scramble.  We left feeling satisfied and ready for a big day ahead of us.What a great little place just off frenchmen street! Breakfast and coffee- so worth the walk!Oh yeah! That's the place to go for breakfast! We walked about a mile to get there (you can take Uber) and it was worth every step. Very nice place, well decorated, very friendly welcoming staff and waiters. We got the corn cakes which were out of this world. LOVE them. We also got a biscuit with their home make jams and they were so generous they gave us a second with a variety of jams. All so good. In this order:
1. Pineapple mango
2. Mixed berry 
3. Strawberry 
4. Peach 
The coffee was delicious too.THE CORNCAKES ROCKED MY WORLD! Oh my gosh, I promise I will come and eat breakfast here at least once every time I return to New Orleans because it was so delicious, filling, and savory that I could have stuffed myself until I popped! My coffee was great and the server was awesome. 
A neat place with DELICIOUS food that you should definitely check out if you're in New Orleans.After visiting here several more times it obviously bringing me back for more so time to adjust my 3 star rating to a 4star. The people here are very nice and although service can be a bit inconsistent they do a nice job. After previously only visiting for breakfast or lunch I decided to give it a try on a Friday night for dinner.  It was a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of some of the more mainstream restaurants packed for jazz fest. The food was fresh, service was great and they actually have drinkable wine and affordable prices. It delivered exactly what I hoped for good food, not overly crowded and affordability in a nice setting. They offer some nice daily specials and they even serve their breakfast menu at nite. I believe they are only open for dinner (Fri-Sun) but breakfast and lunch 7 days a week. Defiantly a great local option anytime they're open!Decent amount of places to sit compared to some of the other local spots.  I ordered the St. Peters quiche topped with shrimp and crab meat.  Scrumptious tasty and hit the spot for sure.  They don't invest much in their fruit but maybe it's the season?  The quiche was a bit pricey at $16 but definitely worth it.  Not too crowded for a Sunday either.Wow! Great breakfast and Yes those weren't my mamas cornbread! They were better!!! Loved the food and service. Great meal..We went for brunch on a Sunday, and the food was absolutely delicious!  Great, very friendly service with a laid back vibe.  Awesome little place to grab an affordable bite!Gotta say, the food here is yummy! I had the 'Mandeville Omelette'... Very rich and delicious... Wait staff are attentive and friendly. Great atmosphere... Really chill restaurant compared with the hectic energy of eateries on Bourbon St and in the French Quarter ...  (In the Marigny). 5-Stars for successful local coffee shop with great brunch!thank you craig for cafe nero.  We finally stopped in and got FOOD.  I'm just watching this place get better every time.  We have been eyeing the menu, and decided to stop with our dog, and try the reuben.  we LOVE reubens, and today?  I had one here that was FAB YOU LUSSS!  we split it, and it was perfect for two.  lots of yummy meat, and sauerkraut, and crispy rye bread, with I believe?  remolaude?  YUMMY!
new favorite guilty pleasure in my neighborhood.
BTW?  this is My spot for coffee, and mocha's on a regular basis.  Thanks Craig, and Thanks Josh for being so wonderful today!I love this place. I used to live around the corner but had to move and I came back for a visit this morning. Everybody here is so sweet all the time and the vanilla latte & food were perfect. Thanks y'all!As I write this review, I have been here 3 times in 2 days. If all goes well, I'll be here again tomorrow morning. It's that good.
Locals eat here. I was the only tourist. People are really genuinely friendly. They like one another's company and even just overhearing their friendly conversations made me feel like one of their friends.. They will most likely even like you.
At night, it's a good and quiet place for an adult beverage.Well damn, Who Dat, you have come a long way.
This place is like literally a block from my house, and I haven't gone there in probably over a year because I was never a huge fan.  It was cash only, and I wasn't wild about the coffee or the styrofoam cups.  But I stopped by there today because it was too late for Rose Nicaud, and WOW, it looks really nice!  And they take cards now (they have this weird system where they turned an ipad into a credit-card-taker, make sure you tip before you sign or else you can't and then you look like a tool).  
I think the guy said they bake everything in-house now, (no Sysco bullshit)?
I got a big-ass hot mocha.  I didn't see anything wrong with this place besides the styrofoam cups.  That's just a personal issue; I have sort of a styrofoam phobia and I hate the way it feels and sounds.  But yeah, the hot mocha was good, the guy behind the counter was cool (he's that guy who's been making coffee at various coffee shops around town for years now, the one who looks like some kind of model/heartthrob and probably singlehandedly attracts the entire gay male clientele from within a 3 mile radius) and the place was impressive.  I would give it 5 stars, but I want to wait till I can try the little breakfast-and-lunch cafe they set up next door.
I still think they should have named it Brew Dat, though.  Then they could have a seasonal coffee called Brew Dees (like Drew Brees / Deez Nutz, get it??).  People should pay me to name their businesses for them, I am full of great ideas.Food and coffee are great here, and the ambiance is homey and great for both socializing and getting work done. What really makes this place for me is the lovely staff, who are friendly in a genuine way and never seem to mind my camping out and working on my laptop for hours.now called hallowed ground, still a fabulous hangout for the locals in the neighborhood.  great art, good brews, and good people.  nice spot to hang out and bring your computer, utilize the wifi.  after the storm this place was a staple for the surrounding digs.  had to chase off the red cross, simply because, they were giving away free food, and this place actually was serving food.  they even provided mail slots, books to read and more.  when it was sold?  an employee purchased it, and the place never skipped a beat.NOLA - all things gentrified in a slightly shabby chic way. We stayed in Marigny and wanted a place for breakfast. Walked to Who Dat and this place is very nicely detailed, the food is good and the service was good. Seems like a good number of local residents come here. I would visit again.Amazing food and great service.  Collin the gm is so kind and well mannered. The food is well prepared and fresh.Wasn't so pleased with my last visit on 10/3/14. I purchased banana bread. As I was eating it, I discovered hair in it along with pieces of  paper in the bread. Can't say I will return.Amazing egg and sausage biscuit. Perfectly complimented with a chocolate banana pound cake slice and large cappuccino with Donald : 11/13/2016Huge fan of this place, but be warned it's cash only. At least they are nice enough to put an ATM in the back. I grabbed an iced chai that was delicious. I grabbed a fruity tea for my bud that was also great. 
This place had a cute feel, breakfast food, cookies, and a check-in special! You should go in there. Better than the Orange Couch. Or as my buddy Ezra calls it " the place where you walk inside and feel like an ipod."Who Dat Coffee is my go-to spot in the Marigny. Their establishment is quirky yet welcoming and their baristas are friendly. 
If you've been searching for a good spot to set up shop and work or study, you have found your place. There's always plenty of room to sit both inside and outside, and their wifi is free/pretty strong! 
Their coffee is pretty good although I do feel like it may be a tad more expensive than other shops in the area. Their Red Velvet Cookies are TO DIE FOR. I have to restrain myself from eating like six every time I'm there. I'm also a huge fan of their grab and go breakfast sandwiches. 
Who Dat Coffee also has some lovely alcoholic concoctions that you can delight in if that's your jam (it's mine). They offer a smaller selection of wine/beer but their liquor/cocktail selection is quite impressive. Every now and then, I'll ask the barista/bartender to surprise me with a cocktail and I've yet to be disappointed!I loved the almond latte. Rich not too sweet, just what the cafeine doctor ordered after lunch.sooo good!!!   I stumbled upon this  place when riding on my Confederacy of Cruisers Bike Tour.  I was desperate for food and veered off the tour for a bite to eat here.  I returned a couple days later to walk the cool neighborhood and enjoy a sit down meal meal.  I had the catfish bene and it is seriously one of the best breakfast meals I ever had.   I'll be a repeat customer for sure.  Thanks!!!Great place for lunch. The Nero salad is a big local creole tomato stuffed with yummy, spicy shrimp remoulade. Have it. 
Nice pleasant airy place, friendly attentive staff. Delightful.I love love love this place!  The coffee is good, the teas are great, they have pastries that are pretty good, probably the best in the neighborhood, and they vary pretty often.  I like the breakfast too, but what truly makes this place are the friendly baristas!  Seriously, it is very hard to have a bad day when everyone is so friendly!   There have been a few times when I was just not feeling that great, and then I would leave with a smile on my face. I'm a regular, they know my name and greet me when they see me. They make me happy to be there and put me in a good mood! It's what keeps me coming back.  Love them, love this place!One of the best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans. Very friendly service in a unique café atmosphere, with outdoor seating. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the dishes here. The coffee is great, too (they actually know the difference between a latte and a cappuccino). Try the crabby benedict or the corn cakes. So good & so filling.Order: Cappuccino
Price: Free (normally $3)
Pros: Friendly staff, HUGE sizes
Cons: Not the best coffee ever but pretty good cappuccino
Thoughts: We met up with some friends here to chat for a while during out trip and it turned out to be an awesome place to do that. Who Dat Cafe sits on a street corner and while they have plenty of indoor seating, they also have a ton of outdoor seating around umbrella covers tables that remind me so much of the cafe's you'll find in Europe.
We had ordered a cappuccino right as we walked in but shortly after that the barista let us know that the machine was acting up and it could take a while. It ended up taking almost 15 minutes and so the drink was on the house for the day. It was also freakin huge...this wasn't a cup of coffee, it was a bowl of coffee. Interestingly it wasn't watered down with milk as expected, meaning they definitely put plenty of espresso in the drink to keep the strong coffee flavor despite serving such a large amount.
Who Dat was a great place to sit and meet with new people; the seating was fantastic, and even though it took them a while to get the coffee out, it was still an enjoyable experience.I love this coffee. Who Dat has the best coffee around. HANDS DOWN. I've never been dissatisfied with anything I've gotten there. From iced coffee, to chicken salad. Everything has been delightful. I only wish that it would be open before I go to work. (I go to work at an ungodly hour :-) 5am.... sheesh!)This isn't my first time here but I needed to leave this review. It may be a little cramped, but It's a perfect breakfast/brunch spot. It's conveniently on the corner and has a very pleasant ambiance. Every time I go in for tea or coffee I'm greeted with a friendly smile. I have not had the food just yet, but I will be back soon. No off street parking, but that's what comes along with spots in the quarters. Great place and I can't wait to come back.this place never ever disappoints  . . . . . always excellent food & rock star service