It's Sunday evening... most of the place in french market is closed.
Craves some chicken cajun!!!
Voila, this place is just right I'm front of the french market.
Chicken taste good... also the sauces.
Idk why it said closed in here, the staff said it will be open till late midnightcame here while in the NOLA. It is what it is.. a touristy chain resto in a heavily trafficked touristy area. food was decent. they had a 2 for 1 drink special which will liven up any day!Great variety of food. The chicken was so crispy it felt like a potato chip trust, it was in a good way. We also ordered the seafood platter, which was delicious. If you are looking for daiquiri this is a great option to make your own.BEST BISCUITS IN THE WORLD!!! The chicken was good, the fries were ok....but seriously please go get the biscuits.Wow... just wow! The chicken is spot on with a great crispy crust and juicy meat and I highly suggest checking it out. The staff is supper friendly as most folks in NOLA are but it just seemed real. Now, the chicken is really good but my mom got the shrimp and that was amazing. The cornbread style coating was just seasoned perfectly and the flavor is so scrumdelicious and if I were you I would do a Chicken/Shrimp combo thing. Eat, Drink, Tell.Wow....4 stars?
This place was empty at 7 on a Thursday.  Bad sign for an obvious tourist trap.
The two ladies behind the counter were incredibly friendly and helpful.   The place and bathroom looked cleanish. 2stars.
I ordered the chicken strips and GF ordered the shrimp.  All they had were fries...no sides.  They were ok...nothing to brag about.  Two hours later, all of that fried food was killing me.
The beer happy hour (2-4-1) was a big hit. BonusDo not be deceived by a "hole in the wall" daiquiri shop. The food was bomb here and service was great too. I recommend the chicken tenders!Awesome drinks! Very refreshing and perfect for this hot weather.  Staff was super friendly and nice. The mango was my favorite!The food was ok and our server was kind of a jerk. I doubt that I would go back, instead I will stick to Popeyes for my chicken fix.Good food and awesome people. We are local but just can't stay away from Willie's ChickenAnything hot n fried while drinking in NOLA is not so bad. They are located everywhere. The regular wings are small so just get the separates and keep drinkin'.I came for the daiquiris, didn't try the food. They let you taste test, which is pretty cool. The drinks are delicious--too delicious, in fact. You can barely taste the alcohol, which lead me to suspect that there wasn't much in them. I chose the blue one--hypnotiq, I believe. It set me back more than $10 and I didn't even get the fancy souvenir cup. They're certainly large enough, and I imagine they'd be refreshing on a hot day, but don't expect to get drunk off just this.My trip to NOLA was hilarious 1st of all. Randomly running into my cousin at the airport, only to find out that he was also flying to NOLA. So I then spent the whole day exploring the city with him.
A friend of his texted him about the biscuits here. Mind you we just had a  big lunch, some beignets and yet we pursued more food. 
Luckily it was walking distance from where we were. We actually walked by it a few times because it wasn't really apparent that this was the chicken place. They have drinks/slushie/daiquris type in the front and the chicken place is more towards the back.
The biscuits- I thought they were okay. Def not want I expected. They were a bit too soft and moist for my liking...def too moist. 
My cousin, however, thought they were the best thing since sliced bread. LOL and he ordered more.
So I would suggest you go and try the biscuits out for yourself.  
They don't sell individual chicken pieces which is also what I wanted, just to try the chicken without buying a meal.This place is the shit!  The perfect late night food spot.  It's inexpensive and so damn good. Get the red beans and rice as a side to dip the chicken in, you won't regret it. I think it's almost as good as Willie Mae's, but that place is still the GOT of the fried chicken world.Do people actually come here for fried chicken or just drinks? I came here for lunch and was pretty disappointed. I specifically chose this location due to the 4 stars compared to the other places in the area. 
Before ordering I saw some lonely pieces of fried chicken under the heat lamp but I was still willing to give this a chance. I asked if I was able to order chicken only, no sides but was told it has to come in a set. New Orleans, what's up with that? Why can't I just get chicken only? I want to experience the fried chicken by itself, without extra fries or biscuits. Any way, I think my fried chicken sat under the heat lamp for a little too long and was a little on the drier side. The breading was much denser then I'm use to and the chicken lacked much flavor which needed to be supplemented with the sauce on the side of the table. I prefer Popeye's over this place.This is an absolute MUST while in NOLA. They have locations throughout the French Quarter and downtown NOLA. OMG the chicken is so fresh! I went back 3x during the span of 5 days. I only had the chicken strips but they had plenty of meat and were absolutely juicy! Love the mantra "Friends don't let Friends eat Frozen Chicken" which speaks to how FRESH this food taste also plenty of spice and flavor. The honey biscuit is EVERYTHING as well. Do your self a favor get you some Willie's while in NOLA.DONT understand why it is the famous place to have fried chicken in New Orleans. Only three flavor s to choose from. We chose the Cajun one. It is too sweet for me to bear it. Very sweet and sour.Excellent chicken strips and shrimp.  Staff is very friendly and the restaurant is clean.Definitely a must-go-to stop when in NOLA. They have delicious frozen drinks and I suggest picking one up on the way to the market. It will be refreshing and delicious all at the same time. My personal favorite is a mix of strawberry and piña colada. 
If you are in the mood for a quick snack or if you need lunch or dinner or even a late night snack this is the place! They have delicious chicken and the biscuits are the best I have ever had! The food is ordered at the counter and then they give you a number to take to your table. The food was delivered to our table and it was super fresh and piping hot. 
They have very clean bathrooms (for customers only) and you need a code to get in. Very smart! 
Overall, this is a great spot for drinks and food! Fried chicken in on point and the biscuit I am still thinking about today....it's heavenly!The chicken is a little overrated in my opinion (tastes like Popeyes chicken), but those biscuits are TO DIE FOR! If I had known they were so good I would have ordered a basket of biscuits lol!Willie's has a lot to offer. It is definitely somewhere I'd go back to. I picked up some Willie's one afternoon and headed back to my hotel room to crash. It is perfect for that. The fried chicken isn't the best I've had but it's down home and wholesome. The biscuits are fresh and the red beans and rice will hit the spot. Great pickup to get ya back in the game.NOLA has a huge daunting list of restruants that range from elite fine dining by celebrity chefs and dives that make Mels seem tame. 
Willies hits that sweet spot in the middle. Our chicken was served up quick, fast, and in a hurry. The young lady was really nice. The atmosphere was good. We brought drinks in from outside and they were cool with that. It's got great ambiance if all you want to do is chill out to some music, shoot some pool, eat some chicken and maybe drink a beer.Love this place, first time to New Orleans, and found this gem day 1.. How can you go wrong, sports, fried chicken, beer and daquiris! Great drinks and great chicken!Really disappointed with this restaurant.  First, they had a special menu with extremely high prices for Essence Music Festival. I didn't understand why this was needed.  It was quite empty when I visited so the regular menu would have probably sufficed. Second, the prices were too high.  I bought  6 piece wing for $11.  It came with nothing but a piece of Kings Hawaiian bread.  Third, the chicken was greasy and bland.  Talk about yuck! Oh and I tried a piece of fish from my friend's plate - disgustingly greasy as well.  I was really amped to try the food but I guess I should have walked over to the Popeyes on Canal because this has NOTHING on the worst Popeyes, heck I'd take KFC or Church's over this place!This place is like a one stop shop for food, drinks and music. 
The slushies are only $15 and you can mix the flavors if you want or just go for a simple drink they can make at the bar. 
You can order food in the back. 
There's bar seats and actual dining tables. 
Cool on a hot night considering the front entrance is open. 
The staff was hella cool and taught me how they make their bloody Mary's with seasoning and hot sauce.You know how you feel like Starbucks is around every corner you take, this restaurant beats it.  Not only is on every corner, but I have seen a few that are literally just steps from one another!
This is the place to get your fried chicken & frozen daiquiris in NOLA!
3 Piece Mix:  Secret recipe.  Served with a Honey Biscuit & Cajun Fries.  Their secret recipe is killing it.  Super savory with lots of flavor.  Love how crispy the outside is & how juicy the meat is!
Daiquiris:  Ou wee!  These bad boys are so good & refreshing, especially with that NOLA humidity!  A variety of flavors- Hypnotiq, Voodoo Juice, Hurricane, Strawberry, & more!  You can sample flavors & mix flavors when you purchase one.  They even have virgin ones for the kiddos.I did love the fries, the seafood basket was pretty good and the daiquiri were off the chain. This is a good place to refuel yourself as you continue your walk in the new Orleans french quarterBeat fried chicken and biscuits in the world!!!!!!! I still can't thinking about them! They were so juicy and had tons of meat. The biscuits were so good, crispy and warm and a tad of sweet so good!Firstly, Our food came out quickly and the place appeared clean. Only reason for these two stars. My boyfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for a weekend and kept seeing these shacks everywhere. We decided to try it. 
Walked in and there's a staff behind the counter munching on a chicken leg. When asked how we order he kept on chewing and finished his chicken before stating we order at a register and sit and they'll bring it out. 
I ordered the two piece and my boyfriend ordered wings. The two piece says it comes with a biscuit and a side. I tried to pick a side and they said it only comes with fries.  we began eating and the chicken wasn't not worth the $22 we paid for two meals. It was dry, and just BLAH. We were better off getting some KFC or Popeyes.Drink drink and more drinks! These frozen daiquiris where very refreshing and perfect for this hot weather.  Staff was super friendly and nice. The mango was my favorite tasted just like mango not a drink the green apple was like eating a jolly rancher yummmmmmy!On a break from work tonight I stepped into Willies on Decatur to grab a bite. It's a brightly colored and cheerful "New Orleans" feel inside, with a fully stocked bar and lively music playing. It certainly has a fun feel to the atmosphere. I noticed right away that their menu is rather limited. They do have three types of wings: Traditional, Crispy and "Sweet and Sour Cajun."  I picked the latter.  The bartender let me try the sauce before I ordered which was cool.  Man, was it ever powerful; actually made me cough. Reminded me of a hot, spicy BBQ sauce. Yummy! 
Then came the basket.  I  wasn't happy about the wings. They were rather small and full of bones, like, a LOT of small bones. I've eaten millions of wings in my lifetime, and I am sad to say that these wings were small and just plain substandard.  Not impressed. 
However the bartender was cool, and kept me company and she really tried to make my visit nice.  I would probably come back to try the shrimp plate or something else.Great customer service, great food. The staff & other patrons were super duper nice. This is probably the best restaurant in this town. The restrooms are tiny tho! Definitely a winner for a pitstop through town! I had the trio - fried shrimp, fried fish & fried crab cake. All of it was amazing! Avoid the salad - it could use some sprucing up: it was literally lettuce. Otherwise this place is a yes. 
The Shack is where it's at!
Xo.Good place to get a cold adult beverage and some good fried chicken/fish to detour the oncoming hangover on the way back to the hotel room from the french quarter.Delicious food and daiquiris!! I tried the krispy wings which were juicy and delicious! Their hot sauce went great with them as well. I had the sour apple and hypnotiq flavored daiquiris mixed per the employees recommendation and was not disappointed. They let you sample them as well. Very good! Also the biscuits are something else. They deserve their own review!I'm from Kentucky, and this fried chicken right here is something special, the honey butter biscuits are a sin, this place is amazing and i wish there was one in my home stateThe Blood Mary's were good. Other than that the food is mediocre at best. We got #2 chicken basket (very greasy) (Popeyes is much better) we also got a #6 seafood basket (bland). We paid $50.00 for the 2 baskets and 2 Bloody Mary's. My wife also asked for a cup of water. When she went to get a refill on her cup of water, the woman said she could sell her a bottle. 
The staff is not friendly and the place is superficially clean. It looks clean until you look closely, the floors are dirty and sticky and so are the tables. Never again.I really enjoyed the food and laid back atmosphere here. The red beans and rice was soooo good! The food was hot and fresh. We were provided several sauces for our chicken. I ordered 5 tenders comes with a side, biscuit. I also ordered a drink from called 190 which was really good, not a drink for your kidsThis place is ALWAYS A PARTY! I can hear their music from a block away and the staff is always pumped up. 
I eat here often, since I work in the Quarter and my food has always been fresh and hot! Employees are friendly and take the time to make sure they understand your order completely. 
They give locals discounts too!After seeing all the daiquiri places scattered around the French Quarter I convinced Hubby to let me try one out. Delicious, sweet, and icy! Really enjoyed sampling the various flavors before getting a mango strawberry swirl.After asking locals about a good daiquiri spot, we were directed to Willie's Chicken Shack. Immediately fell in love with the fun and laid back atmosphere. Ordered the shrimp (which was seasoned perfectly) with fries and a sweet glazed biscuit. I shared the chicken tender plate with some friends and that truly was the winner. Soft tender chicken with a delicious thick fried batter. The biscuit was sweet and soft completely authentic to southern cuisine. Definitely one of the spots I'll be returning to whenever I'm in New Orleans! The VooDoo Juice Daquiri is so good too!Everything is wonderful! I should have brought a box of biscuits home! Chicken was crispy just like I like it and the fries are great as well!!!This review is solely for the biscuits... I've never liked biscuits until the day I tried Willie's. I know these franchises might put you off because there's about 20 in a one mile radius ( I exaggerate) but they are nothing close to tasting like generic mass produced biscuits. There's nothing dry about em, and that gravy, damn... I would recommend everyone give those biscuits a try.Great drinks!  We had a fried meal with shrimp and catfish.  Super yummy, especially with the roumalade sauce.Do not eat here.  My husband,  daughter, and i all just did.   I had the 3 piece chicken,  he had the seafood platter, and she had the catfish.  We all got water.  That was $50 we paid to get sick. We all stopped eating after a few bites.  My husband tried to eat most of his and ended up barely making it to our rooms before becoming violently ill.  Worst part of our vacation.Affordable and delicious! The chicken is so moist and big pieces. I mixed half and half remoulade and hot sauce. Amazing. Beer is also buy one get one free. Went back for more!We saw these chicken shacks every block or two on our trip to NoLa so felt like we were missing something if we didn't stop. 
Ordering up a couple slices of pepperoni and a 2 piece dark plate...we hoped for the best. 
The pizza was good. Would be a perfect late night hangover stopper. 
The chicken was ok.....
Service was great, but we probably won't be back, especially with all the great choices in this city. 
Maybe we should have had a slushy....Very very pleasantly surprised eating here.  We were so busy visiting Nola and needed to eat quickly.  At first, I thought the chicken was a little high priced.  Once I sat down to eat...WOW the chicken is great and the sauce is awesome.  I really wished we had one near me in Orlando and so wish they would sell the Willies sauce on line.  Can't wait to go back for some Willie'sThis was my first time in New Orleans and my first time at this Willies Chicken Shack on Decatur street. I've never ordered an alcoholic drink at a a fast food restaurant before so I thought that was pretty cool. I got the Hurricane and it tasted similar to a Hawaiian Punch. The biscuits have a good sweetness flavor to it. Kind of like a biscuit with glaze on top of it. I prefer getting the chicken tenders over the chicken wings. The chicken tenders were crispy and not too dry. On the other hand, the chicken wings were pretty dry and salty but it was bearable (ketchup probably would've made it more enjoyable). Definitely got to come back here for another drink next time I visit New Orleans.Decided to try this last Sunday around 6:45 pm. Bad decision.  Chicken wings were so dry they barely tore. Meat stuck to bone. Obviously had set under heat lamp for a while. Disappointing for the price 6/9.99.   On top of that the workers took one of the sauces off the table as we were eating because they were cleaning up.  I emailed the store about this incident but got no response.  In addition make sure you have cash or a chip card - as we were told @ register. No sign posted - which caused the other person in party to come up with card to pay. Very disappointing experience.  The daiquiris were good though!You can get different kinds of fried chicken and a drink or daiquiri. It took a while to get the order but it was worth it. Def helps soak up some of the drinks!Our first time having Willies and it was amazing. We loved Willies sauce and blended margaritas.
Definitely would recommend and will be back to New Orleans again.The food was atrocious and extremely overpriced. 3 people for $50 (water was $8 for the three of us). That money anywhere else in the French Quarter would have got us better quality. The chicken was charred to a brick, the catfish was mushy and flavorless, and the shrimp was rubbery. To top it off about 20 minutes after I ate I spent an hour on the toilet. Never go here, it is horrific.Fried chicken platter was so good! Even the French fries were delish! Perfected any time of day! I would go back in a heartbeat!This stop was just for drinks, although we've had their chicken before and it's great! Bartender Shelly was awesome, beer was cold and the Bloody Mary was great. What impressed me most was the cleanliness, the whole time we were there they were cleaning - the bar, the kitchen area etc. will come back for sure.drunk or sober this is the place to be. omg their chicken wings are the best and who doesn't like a frozen cocktail in the summer? my boyfriend and i scarfed down some food when we were a little intoxicated not knowing if it was super good, but he came back days later when he was sober and found it to still be very good! there's a ton of these restaurants right off bourbon street. stumble on in for a great treat!Ummmm. Best friend chicken tenders and Cajun fries in town! Also, if you don't try Willie's special sauce you are missing out! I think we ate here almost everyday while we were here. You will not be disappointed! If you don't at least just try it you will regret it I promise! Can't promise that you won't be hooked! Enjoy! :)I came here because it had awesome reviews. I am not sure if it was due to the location of this particular snack, but the service could have been more inviting. It seemed like the guys who were working were annoyed with everyone. The chicken wings were pretty good but I probably wouldn't come back.Went here to get a quick bite before going out for the night. We ordered Cajun crispy wings and fries. Both were really good! Both were well seasoned. There was also a sauce on the table that we assumed was like a chipotle sauce that was very good.
Took off a star because we also ordered huge frozen drinks with an added shot that were literally slurpies with a shot and a waste of my time and money! You'd have to drink an excessive amount to feel the effects of the alcohol.
A major plus was there was a battle of the bands right outside the door that as a tourist was very exciting and an additive to our trip. Two really good bands a bout a block apart both plying great music with people dancing in the street. Great New Orleans experience!Being Celiac in a town that fries water can be difficult. I went with a friend to this Willies that has 8 locations in the Quarter knowing that for me it would be nearly impossible to eat anything. I could eat the Jambalaya and to be fair, my friend did like the fried chicken. I thought the art  all over the walls and ceiling was really cool as long as you don't have a hangover. Not my kinda place due to my restrictions but the murals made it an interesting pit stop.We stopped by here to get a "Willies Punch" which proved to be a nice strong concoction and a real treat- because of the hard alcohol we split our first one between all three of us females- this comes with a souvenior cup.
You can also get a smaller amount- we ended up coming back and getting another order all separate right before we got on the flight home.
The staff was friendly, prices were decent- the food smelled amazing though we only partook in the drinking aspect.We don't know about the food at this location, however we ducked in here during a rainstorm to get something cool to drink. Imagine a Slurpee for $10 yeah right. Just outrageous. My husband unknowingly ordered two non alcoholic Slurpees and our bill was over $20. I'd be really careful at this location I know it's listed as only $ that's expensive in my book.  We certainly won't be going back.The food is good, the drinks are better, and the service... ugh the service! They need to get a system that works. We were told to go this cashier and then no go back there to order... which is it?!? Then the guy frying food was going order by order which made for a very long wait. He literally brought wrong food out to my fried and try to force her to take it lol! Of course she wouldn't bc it wasn't what she ordered... then the cook replied well it'll b fifteen minutes?!? What? So I've already waited for ever for you to make something I didn't order and now I've got to wait some more for you to make my actual order? Ok! Ugh! We waited and waited... finally all of our food was delivered. Again, everything was good. I'm giving them one star bc they need to figure out how to give us the food without all the extra craziness. Get a system and stick to it. Oh and make what we order lol!Decent enough for a food chain. Definitely not the best fried chicken in Nola but decent enough to scratch that itchBEST BLOODY MARYS EVER!!! They infuse their vodka and use what looks like Frank's Hot Sauce in the bloody marys! I've tried many, many blood marys throughout New Orleans and Willies are hands-down THE BEST!!! They're biscuits and fried chicken are phenomenal too!!! It's a regular place that I go now!Oh my god I have never in my life eaten fried chicken this good and I have eaten more fried chicken than I care to say! Those buttered honey biscuits are to die for and are worth it! The atmosphere is fantastic with a genuinely friendly staff that wrote the book on service. The bright lights and colorful interiors make eating at Willie's all the more awesome.Good chicken  well fried.  good drinks i love the place   Many location all food was consistently well made and tasty throughout all locations.  Will come back again on my next vacationThe chicken was ok. The chicken was very crispy and  seasoned well, just a little under cooked. I also ordered the over priced shrimp for my wife, and they weren't anything special. Unless you are in the area and dying of hunger save your money and go to popeye's.This place was delicious and clean. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because the service wasn't great. The reasons were slow and unfriendly service. But the chicken was perfect so we will probably stop here next time we visit New Orleans.Chicken was crunchy and delicious. We also had the gumbo and it was savory and flavorful. Definitely worth a try.My partner and I had different opinions of this place.  For me...the chicken was very average.  Lots of breading.  Not much flavor at all.  4 pieces for ($13).  Id give it 2 stars, but she liked it and said 4 atars.
Red beans n Rice was good...just a tiny portion for $5, and its served in styrofoam, with plastic spoons/forks.
Service was decent, but we were here at 3pm in the afternoon, so it wasnt crowded at all!!
Music might be annoying for some, I didnt mind it.Quick walk in chicken and drink spot. This was my first official New Orleans food. Grabbed it quickly while waiting and took it back to my hotel room. The chicken pieces I got were large and were perfect for the price! Probably even a deal!   Great breading!  Loved the rolls and both sides that I tried. Came back once my boyfriend made it to town and are here again. He had the fish---delicious. Great quick bite!Great place, the staff wasn't super fun. But Mardi Gras did just end and perhaps they are wore out. 
Fun area and the food was pretty good.  The food came out in just a few minutes. You order it at s counter, they bring it to your table. 
The pina colada's were good. The fries could've been better. The bacon would have better if the bacon were crispy! Everything else about them was great. The fatty chunks of under cooked bacon...not so much. 
The hubs enjoyed his shrimp. 
The music was great, and apparently they serve pizza on the other side. 
We will go back. It was worth it. 
Don't order the Mac and cheese was meh. Not much better than kraft  in a box. Knowing that this place is a chain here, I'm a little disappointed that when asked why would I enjoy the $5 small bowl of Mac and cheese they couldn't answer it.
Also there is sauce on the tables that no one mentions. Try at your own risk.Buzzin' and Willies was at the corner. Got the munchies, gotta get my fix. 
Sure, says chicken shack but they have much MUCH more. From chicken, rice, fries, to slushies, to whatever the hell you need. 
I ordered the fried catfish with fries. It was a packed Sunday night but I still got my order within 5ish minutes. 
My order was like heaven sent. Catfish was fried perfectly and the breading was crunch on level 12. The seasoning could have used some help, but nothing like hot sauce can't fix. I didn't really have their fries, but my girlfriends devoured it so I'm assuming it passed the test. 
Prime location and open late for those drunchies out there. Although Willies is a chain, they're a fierce contender. They probably could almost compete at the restaurant level as long as they up their game on presentation and quality wise. 
4am never felt this gooooood.Ohhhh all I can say is that this place had some of THE BEST fried chicken during my time in New Orleans ! Chicken is so juicy and crunchy and fried to perfection. You're also able to get a daiquiri to enjoy while eating or on your way back to exploring the streets of New Orleans!Biscuits!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Omg!!! The best I've ever had in my life. Keep it up! And the drinks are exceptional. I had the wings today which were really goodAfter visiting the Bourbon St location and then this one, I was disappointed. Bourbon St one was nice enough to let us skip the biscuit and fries and get two extra chicken tenders (5 instead of 3) but this one refused and we had to get biscuits and fries which we don't want. It was also extremely hot inside unlike the Bourbon St one.Hands down - Best fried chicken. Maybe because I was tipsy, or it really was that great! But the best of my friends agreed as well! As busy as the streets were during the hour of the night, service was still fast! Would love to have more chicken tenders! The fried chicken was so juicy and tenderCame round with a local friend as the hankering for fried chicken at some dreadful hour beckoned. I could only watch being Gluten Intolerant and all but I was a good friend to my friend who had to have fried chicken. Actually, I don't have a craving for what I can't eat and I can stare at the art on the walls and ceilings for hours totally sober. On second thought, I probably could only do that sober. My friend thanked me for joining in the journey for this fried slice of Nola and my stomach thanked me for not being able to indulge for another food binge until the sun came out.2.5 stars.
Ah man! I saw these chicken joints everywhere I turned while staying Downtown New Orleans. Our tour guide even said there were around 7 in the area. While exploring we decided to pop in and try them out since we wanted a snack. 
We ordered the 6 piece chicken combo with a side of cheesey fries and regular fries to share.  The chicken was ok and at times too salty.  It tasted like the batter was the only thing seasoned and that the chicken was not marinated at all for flavor.
The fries were fries, you usually can't mess that up.
The bisquits that came with the chicken were so basic. I think the Philsburry dough boy could have done a better job of producing more calorie worthy biscuits. 
In all,  it seems like the drinks are very popular here but I can't speak to that. The plus, was that the place was clean, service was consistent and attentive, and the food was fresh and piping hot when it came out.Great interiors, awesome fried chicken and good selection of draft beers. 
Eye catching walls. Good southern beers. Both Vuddoo and New Orleans urban south beers were good. We took dark chicken fry and it tasted good, lot more better than KFC. Fries are crispy and tasty too. Overall loved the food and drinks. They are one of few restaurants on Frenchmen street who don't have live music. It more like fast food experience and actually they don't dwell along with local restaurant on same street. Although they play such a loud music that hearing to next person becomes difficult.