We heard that the lines at the original Willie Mae's can get long, so we decided to visit the Pythian Market location. Food was made to order and absolutely DELICIOUS!!! This chicken might be the best chicken we've ever had! This will be our first stop on our next visit to NOLA!Came upon this location at the food court in center city after not wanting to wait an hour in line for the original location. There was no wait at this location inside a food court in the back. You order and wait for your number to be called for pick up. It's about 15-20 minutes for prepping the food. 
There is seating inside the food court and also near the counter.
We had fried chicken and baked chicken with sides of brussel sprout and fried okra. The fried chicken was delicious - juicy inside and crispy outside. It's a must have! The baked chicken was also tasty and good if you don't want fried food. The brussel sprout is ok and feels healthy. The fried okra was just ok also.
Would definitely try to go back and have some more fried chicken, especially without the long wait!Best soul food I've had in a LONG TIME. The corn bread, fried fish, sweet potatoes, and Mac n cheese were perfect! Red beans and rice could use a little more flavor but I love that they're vegan :) the market itself compliments Willie Mae's well, great location.I work close to the Pythian Market so i order food from there quite often. Especially since they have different vendors to choose from. Pythian Market  HAD a special online for anyone getting delivery within 10 miles was free. Now it's free delivery if your order i's over $40. You can also choose different food items from different vendors which i like since i can be indecisive at times. Delivery only came out to $4 since i work so close. Online ordering process is extremely easy. Anyone who is not tech savvy should be able to navigate the site. 
I did not interact with the staff since i ordered online so i can't speak on that. 
Now the food. 
I ordered the fried fish with the side of Mac and cheese and i added the Brussels sprouts. I didn't order the peas but they came with my order. 
The fish was fried perfectly. Probably the best fried fish I've ever had. Crispy on the outside and soft and warm in the inside. 
I'm guessing they used fresh herbs for the Brussels sprouts. They were flavorsome and very well prepared! 
I'm not a fan of peas but decided to give it a try. Oh my! Thankfully i did! They were scrumptious. 
The Mac and cheese was disappointing to me. The sauce(cheese) was watery and not thick like Mac and cheese should be.Good Fried Chicken. Great favor chicken.
Kinda small menu. Couldn't order the Chicken al cart. 
Good sides selection. Sweet potato fries was good, good size order. Side salad is also a good size.The origi nal Willie Mae closes so early.. I couldn't make it on time so I saw that they have it at Pythian Market, which is nice because they open later and there is a parking garage next door.
I ordered the the Fried Chicken (3pcs) and it comes with a side, which I ordered it with Sweet Potato fries. I also added on a Cornbread Muffin.
Make sure to give them extra time, it does come out really fresh so they do take a while to come out. They packaged everything and I assumed there were condiments already in the bag. I was wrong, so make sure to get ketchup and honey if you want it.
When I was able to eat it, I was pretty sad there was no ketchup. BUT, I did not even need it!! It was so juicy and fatty! So much flavor! I did need the ketchup for the sweet potato fries and honey for the cornbread... 
Now I get why Willie Mae's is so popular! Delicious! Must try for sure!!I have seen Willie Maes grow tremendously in the past couple of years so when i was at Pythian and i noticed that they had opened up a place there, i decided to try it out.  
i ordered a two piece fried chicken meal which came with a side - i got sweet potato fries.  i also got fried okra and cornbread muffins
everything was really good and tasty.  the cornbread muffins were light and not dry, the fried okra were good (better with some sauce) and the chicken and sweet potato fries were also really good
overall a great southern fried chicken and side mealWillie Mae's sure knows chicken and how to do it right! While in New Orleans we came here not once, but 3x because we couldn't get enough! It was definitely an addiction I don't want to quit.
The real Willie mae's had rather strange hours, so we ended up at the market because it was open till 8PM every day. The market was more of a food hall type place with a variety of little restaurants inside. We waited in line for about 30 minutes and another half an hour to actually receive the food (which was totally worth it!)
We both ordered the special chicken sandwich special which came with Jojo type fries. The chicken sandwich was so delicious.. the hot chicken, honey, cole slaw and bun were the perfect umami flavor i needed in my life. The fries were nothing to write home about, but the long wait for the chicken was absolutely worth every second!Chicken is definitely better then the shrimp. Takes forever and day to get your food cause its cooked to order. Friendly staff and legit food !!! Price ??? Is ok... kinda pricy but its worth the wait n billWe came from out of town and had to default to this location because we did not make it in time before closing for the original location. But honestly, the fried chicken here was so knock-your-socks-off delicious that I will not believe that the original location is THAT much better taste-wise. I refuse to believe it. 
The first bite was seriously an explosion of flavors and hands down the best fried chicken I have ever had. So much so that we bought a family meal and trekked that tray of chicken through TSA and a 4 hour flight just to bring it home (Thank God for the air fryer.)  The Mac & Cheese was probably the best out of all the sides for me. Candied yams were good but very rich - can't eat too much in one sitting. They give a hefty portion for the fries and fried okra.
Just a head's up, these are made to order so our family meal took about 30 mins. to be made. Make sure to call ahead to save some time.I was visiting New Orleans and looking for a great fried chicken place and this showed up among the best. I understand why. The chicken was fried to perfection and had the best flavor in every bite even after the perfectly seasoned skin. I had white meat. Good size breast and two wings. It was my last day in New Orleans and I would have gotten some to go if I had the time. It's definitely on my list of ToGo places next time I am in New Orleans. Had Mac and cheese (no peas). I'd rather have more Mac. It was good. I'm particular on Mac and cheese since I make it but this was particularly good. Perfect amount of cheese and well made. Some of the fried chicken I've had.Worst chicken I have ever had. Greasy and no seasoning. Did not give me the corn bread we ordered but gave us peas we didn't want. 
Stay far awayGET THE MAC N CHEESE!
Get dark meat chicken! 
Trust me on this one! 
The fried chicken was so crispy, so tender so juicy and absolutely delicious!
Th mac n cheese is so creamy and the taste is so delicious and there is a tiny bit of jalapeño in there for the kicker! 
Do t like spicy? 
No worries! 
Neither do my daughters and it was mild enough for them....  AND they wanted more! We all did!
Fabulous!
Phenomenal!
Amazing! 
I highly recommend!!!!!!!
I can't wait to go back tomorrow for more!We went here for lunch. They have two locations. One spot is in the market and that's the one we went to. The line at the market was much shorter. There food was ok and there service was good. The staff was nice. I was excepting to food to be out of this world because we have heard so many great things from the locals about this chicken. The food was ok.The 5 stars is strictly for the fried chicken. Probably best chicken I've ever had in my life, not gonna lie... But with that said, I RECOMMEND that you do NOT come here during lunch time on a Friday. I made the mistake of going here, and waited about 50 minutes for my food. I had to ask if my food was ready and turned out they had lost my ticket, so probably wouldn't have gotten it if I didn't ask. I get it, they were super busy with a ton of big orders, but still annoying. 
So that said, I do recommend this place for the great food, but come during non-peak hours. If you do come when it's busy, make sure you have a small snack cuz it'll be a wait.After eating the best Fried Chicken at the original location, we had to have it one more time before we left and this location was closer to our hotel. 
They open from 11am to 8pm. Since the original location was so crowded, we got there at 1040 and waited for them to open. There were a few groups waiting starting at 11am.  They started cooking right before 11 so we're anxious to eat. But after waiting a while, they still didn't open. Apparently they had a large delivery order and that is what they were cooking. So they said they weren't opening until noon!  They should have started earlier or at least let us know what was going on. We had to ask. 
That's the only reason I give it a 4 star review. Refer to review for Willie Mae's Scotch House, but the chicken still was the best we have ever had. 
Location was in a part of several eateries in a small complex.  
In the mood for Fried Chicken, this is it. Don't forget the Butter Beans!Had my heart set on the original Willie Mae's. Just saw Anthony Bordain's show on YouTube about his visit there a few weeks before my visit. About halfway to the restaurant, the UBER driver says, "I hadn't realized they reopened." **ohhhh no** When we called to confirm they were open, we had been calling the market where they had opened a second location. We took the trip there anyway and there sat a dark and empty building. We then went and visited the market location and it was good chicken. Very good. They were out of dark meat and some sides, but the macaroni and cheese was good and had a unique texture with a bit of a spice.I'm going to have to try the original location because this was not a good experience so I had a distillery tour at 2:30 not to far from the market so me crew got to the market at 12:50pm it was 4 of us so we all got something different, my husband ordered Willie Mae's because he wanted fried chicken a d Mac and cheese.  He had 3 pieces of dark meal chicken and Mac and cheese, he ordered at 12:53pm and his food did not come out until 1:57pm we had already paid and when I tell you I was ready to flip out.  Now he gets the chicken and it was okay the seasoning was not bad.  The Mac and Cheese was ok but too much spice!!!  Now the staff was slightly rude because when I mentioned that my husband she looked at me like I had 3 heads.  Overall I will definitely not be going back there, I will make my way to the original.  Didn't get a pic because hubby had to rush to eat his food, and couldn't even finish it.Awesome spot , away from the noisy streets still in the heart of NOLA. Staff was friendly and had a happy smile. Don't come here in a rush, these guys are cooking multiple meals as you order. Be patient and enjoy some good chicken and fried fish.WOWZA! 
I was recommended to go here by a friend who said it was the best fried chicken she ever had and SHE WAS RIGHT. 
Ambiance: The Pythian Market is essentially a food hall with different restaurant booths and seating throughout the inside and outside. It looks new, modern, and rustic. Best part, it was right next to our hotel! Willie Mae's more specifically is located in the back left side of the market. 
Service: The guys were nice and patient while we figured out our order. They said it would take at least 20 min because they're cooking more chicken and they got orders lined up. Luckily we were able to snag a table right in front so we waited there. We picked up most of our food at the counter but for the last thing we were waiting on, the cook came to us! 
Food: Absolutely delicious.
Me and two friends split the Family Meal, which is 12 pieces of fried chicken (fried or baked), 4 sides and 4 cornbread. The sides we chose were french fries, sweet potato fries, butter beans, and Mac and cheese. We also got bread pudding for dessert. You might be thinking this is a lot of food and you're correct. Definitely had leftovers! 
Fried chicken (9/5)- amazing, juicy, crispy skin; no sauce required but they do have options if you like. Best fried chicken I've ever had!!! 
French fries (3/5)- more like potato wedges, decent. 
Sweet potato fries (4/5)- yummy, not too salty.
Butter beans (5/5)- goes well with the chicken and has rice on the top.
Mac and cheese (5/5)- cheesy and delicious. 
Bread pudding (8/5)- we ate this later at night and it was so good! I wish I got one before I left. Best bread pudding I've had! 
My two other friends split a fried chicken tender and fried shrimp with a few sides. They enjoyed that too. 
Must go if you're in NOLA! :DThe food was really REALLY good but it took an hour for 12 pieces of chicken, 4 sides, 4 cornbreads. It was frustrating waiting for the food but regardless the wait was worth while. This is probably the best fried chicken i've ever had.This is Willie Mae's new location inside the Pythian Market. We were actually at the OG location with 1.5 hour wait and thought "Ohhhh, hellllll to the no!".  Our mission was to eat everything in NOLA and there was absolutely no time to wait in any unnecessary line.
Every corner you look in the Pythian Market is just FOOD! Willie Mae's is tuck away in the back corner so it took a bit to find.  We shared a 2 piece white meat that comes with a side (we chose candied yam) and added a corn bread muffin.  The fried chicken batter has a great crunch and a kick with the spice. I do like the chicken a slightly better than Willie's Chicken Shack. The candied yam was a bit too sweet and the corn muffin was dry unfortunately.  But 5 stars for the chicken for sure!  
NOLA has great fried chicken to chose from and this one is not to be miss if you don't mind a food court setting.  The food did took some time to come out about 20 minutes or so. Even though it's a food court like place, it is not FAST food. So just be a little patience for a great meal!Fantastic chicken! Was a recommendation from us from our Lyft driver and definitely worth seeking out over the knock off chicken stands we saw all around the French QuarterIf you like crispy fried chicken with a little kick of heat then Willie Mae's is your cup of tea. Perfectly cooked with a tasty crispy skin and the juiciest plumpest meat. It's easy to see why Willie Mae's received the best fried chicken in the USA. If your in the New Orleans area it's a must try.Nothing tastes better than your first bite of Willie Mae's. OMG. The best chicken I've ever had 
Flavorful, crispy skin. Juicy meat. It lived up to the hype. I also had the butter beans. I don't care for lima beans, but these were really good and even had a little bit of heat. I finished off the meal with bread pudding. Words cannot adequately describe it, other than OMG. 
The reason for 4 stars is the wait time. With only 4 people in front of me, I waited nearly 20 minutes to place the order, and another 20 minutes for my food. But since this California girl won't be going back to NOLA anytime soon, I waited. 
Fried chicken lovers - this is a must if you visit New Orleans. And that's all I have to say about that.I loved their fried chicken, so much flavor and seasoned perfectly! It had the perfect crust and so juicy inside!!
We had to order via food app delivery because they were closed due to Covid19 for indoor dining. So we just had dinner in our hotel room. I couldn't miss the opportunity to try their chicken.
I didn't like the sides, they were just average.
I can't wait to go back for more in 2months!!Well I was recommended by a handful of friends to check out Willie Mae's while visiting NOLA. 
I learned that they recent opened up a second location inside a food hall. It was perfect, because we were cold, didn't want to wait in a long line, and wanted to eat. 
Thank goodness for this location, cause they made it so easy for us to enjoy Willie Mae's. 
We ordered a family meal which came with chicken, three sides, and biscuits. It was more than enough for four people! 
If coming to NOLA and looking for fried chicken, I'd say give this place a try! It was crunchy, greasy, and flavorful - just how you'd like your fried chicken to be. 
The biscuits were so good - I'm drooling as I think about them and write this review. 
I'd definitely come back for some more delicious fried chicken when in NOLA again!I heard a lot about this place and I feel like I didn't get the full experience! They close kind of early (8 pm) and I arrived right at closing. The gentleman was kind enough to still take my order and that was appreciated! The chicken had amazing flavor, it was just slightly over cooked and the Mac and cheese had potential, it could have been baked a bit longer. The cornbread muffin?!!? Was to die for, you hear me?! Lol overall the food was good, I just think it would have been better had I arrived before they were closing! I will definitely be back soon!Great food.... A great place to convene and a great bunch of hosts. I think the good is overrated but it is good.  The service was slow but once we got started it was all good.  At night, it's really not the safest place to be but our Lyft was on time.  People were very nice.  The drinks were original and you must have a pallet for specialized drinks but give me a good ole Long Island ice tea!  I'm
 Good!Delicious fried chicken with the perfect amount of heat! I had the fried chicken sandwich with red beans as a side - . The rest of my group had just about everything the menu has to offer & we were all more than satisfied!The original shop was closed today, so I went to the one inside of the Market. I got the 3pc dark and my son got the strips. I was not informed that there is cayenne in the batter, so my son only ate 1 strip and couldn't do the 2nd one. I however devoured my 3pc, no problem. The chicken was super crispy and the batter thin& light. Very good. I got the Mac & cheese as a side and it also had spice to it. I thought it was good as well.My friends and I visited New Orleans in late July 2021 and tried Willie Mae's & to say we weren't disappointed is an understatement!  First, I have to send a huge shout out to the two handsome and sweet young men on the picture.  We went to the other location and it was closed, so we called this location and although they were about to close, they told us to come on; they would take care of us!  These young men were so respectful, professional and did just what they said they would--took care of us! Our food was cooked fresh and everything was absolutely delicious. We ordered fried fish, white beans, chicken, mac & cheese, okra and bread pudding and everything was AAAAMMMMAZZZZING!  We will definitely be back!Thank you again to these sweet young men who took GREAT care of a couple ladies from Texas!I've been to Willie Mae's twice now and they do not disappoint! If you're planning on visiting you absolutely have to get the fried chicken, also the best I've ever had, I wish they had a restaurant near me in Atlanta! the staff have always been friendly and the food usually comes quick. The sides are all delicious as well. Try the Mac and cheese with green peas combo. It sounds weird but delicious af! 10/10!First time trying Willie Mae's and I'm impressed. I had the 3-piece fried chicken (white meat) with candied yams. Having tried many soul food restaurants around the country this is my top 5 most def. Next time I'm in Nola would come back and try them again.We descended upon this location with a group of 23 on a Saturday night an hour before closing and they were woefully under prepared.
They had run out of many sides and even the house salad. They were slow in taking our orders and some people had to wait almost 40 minutes just to order. 
I ordered the fried chicken with fried okra. I personally wasn't a fan of the fried okra because there was very little okra and lots of batter. Would have preferred okra fries or something. 
The fried chicken was incredibly oily and salty. It had plenty of flavor, but I prefer it to be less oily. 
Portion size was meh as most people were still hungry after eating.Mamma Mac is one hell of a cook.  We have tried 
her pulled pork, Thanksgiving in a bowl, Mac & cheese, Cajun Chicken, Lobster Mac & cheese & others and loved them all.  The serving sizes are very generous.  
She's in Cape Coral on Tuesday & Saturday at farmers markets.   You will enjoy her style of cooking.  EnjoyWhat more needs to be said about Willie Mae's? This place drops taste bomb after bomb in your mouth with its food.
We ordered the family tray with fried chicken, and for sides had the fried okra, red beans, lima beans, mac and cheese, cornbread, and a bread pudding.
Fried chicken is top notch. Honestly, though, after 1 piece I was done for. I would be curious to try the baked chicken here - I imagine it's just as tasty as the fried chicken without all the oil. Each side was better than the next; both types of rice and beans are outstanding. A little salty but dang dang delicious. Bread pudding was a little too sweet for my taste.
All the above was for $45. A bargain for so much food (gave 3 people about 2.5 meals), and food that is delicious to boot.Rude workers! Business not open during the hours they posted. Won't waste my time coming back.Pros 
-Made to order
-Quality incredible 
-The person who controls there social media is so kind. 
Cons 
-You must pay for parking 
 -preference of seating may not be available 
Suggestion Order ahead Wait times may be long in person even if there's no physical line because people order and leave or order online  because  of parking 
We located the market then found parking $6 was paid for 2hours. This is not full service with table seating and waitress But tips are still suggested. You are free to sit there though we did . You must get your drinks from the bar like water they don't charge but you may leave a tip to get water.
 All sides may not be available example the yams was not available. I insisted I would wait they told me if I decide to leave no refunds will be given or no substitute will be made.   I was like uhmmm ok I waited over 1 hour for the yams they was so yummy but it was a small portion as the yams had syrup in the container. The family meal was a great choice for us but the Mac and cheese and yams was too small to share We shared and it was like a sample for each of us. If your sharing I suggest you get the sweet potato fries Or okra.  It was far pricing though again just need more love for the family meals on the Mac and yams. The Mac was ok honestly I tasted better it was the only mediocre item ordered. There family meal is different it's regular sized sides. I honestly didn't like that But it's far take a look at the unit price to get the just. 
4 sides $4 per side =16 
4 corn breads .75 corn bread =$3 
12 pieces of chicken 2.16 = 44.92 they charge 45 before taxes very affordable getting the family meal my request is to make yams and Mac a little bit larger for family meals as the fries and okra sides are shareable  but the yams and Mac are not at all. 
The person who controls there social media is so kind.Such good food! The chicken was super crispy and well seasoned, and the chicken sandwich was juicy and a little sweet from the pickles. The sandwich was a little spicy for the non-spicy food eaters among us, but still delicious. 
We did have to wait ~25 mins after we ordered, but there were a few people ahead of us who had ordered and were waiting when we got there at 6:30. Wish there were more Willie Mae locations! 
Red beans and rice were also good. When we got them, they were a little soupy, but savory and hearty. 
A heads up on the 3 piece - they make you pick dark or white. So if you'd like both, maybe go with a friend and get two sets of 3 pieces.I'm doing my best to try and eat at local places and avoid the chains. Spent a good hour trying to nail down a place lunch, settled on Willie Mae's. Be advised it's in a building with other small restaurants. Once I found it, game on. I settled on the fried shrimp platter with fries, and bread pudding. The shrimp was in a good batter and very plump. The bread pudding was fantastic!!Delicious! I got the fried chicken plate with macaroni and cheese, green peas, and a cornbread muffin. Everything was delicious. The chicken is uniquely delicious. It is not the cheapest but it was worth it.I struggled with how to rate this place. This restaurant is located within a food hall with other vendors and is located in the far back. Signage isn't great, and I definitely heard others ask where it was located.
We ordered our food at around 7pm--nothing too crazy, just two fried chicken orders and one extra side of cornbread. It took us almost an hour to get our food and when we finally received it, my friend's order was wrong (she had ordered Mac and cheese as her side and received fried okra instead). She had to go back to the counter to ask for her Mac and cheese and when she went, wasn't given a fork/spoon. Service was overall awful, so don't expect much from them. We also couldn't figure out what took so long with the food, since the cornbread wasn't warm, and neither the chicken nor okra was burning hot. It didn't seem like they had to just freshly make everything for us, and we're pretty sure other people who had arrived after us were served before us.
Admittedly, the fried chicken was really good and probably one of the best I've ever had. The skin was light and crispy and the meat was still tender and juicy. It was well-seasoned and was really delicious. The fried okra was pretty standard, but no condiments were offered with it, so I only ate a few. The cornbread was just okay, and was a bit of a letdown. It was cold and had possibly been sitting for awhile, as it seemed a little dry. 
Anyway, the service and overall experience really knocked a star off this place for me and I wouldn't recommend as a result.People are nice, however, the chicken is way overpriced. You get less for your dollar for chicken that tastes good, but not great. If you love Popeyes, don't expect this place to be better just because of the price.If you can't make it to the OG location, this spot is your next best option. The quality of the fried chicken is on point. The easy to go option is nice for the current covid world. Great coffee, smoothies, and other options at the market. In door and outdoor seating available.This was hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had, EVER.  It was everything you've been reading about & had a nice little kick of heat too.  Juicy, perfect crunch, and major flavor.I visited New Orleans on July 8th 2021 until the 12th of July.. I stayed at the hotel next to a market that housed this restaurant and let me tell you beyond disappointed.. I went to this place on July 11th around 3 or 4pm  first there was no line and we wanted wings  my family and I were told they were out of wing so we still  ordered food.. I ordered baked chicken and butter beans and my friend ordered a 2 piece catfish and fries.. we waited almost 40 mins.  but during our wait, we noticed there was no urgency in getting the food out. the cashier moved at a snail pace but we also notice other tables/guests waiting.. some were upset that when they finally received their food they were told there was no hot sauce nor bbq sauce.. one guy was so upset he asked for his money back.. we also notice the gentleman by the lady cashier who we will assume was the manager didn't seem as he wanted to be there his attitude was less than pleasant with his staff we witnessed him going back and forth with a staff member which may have been a bar back but as a manager myself it was very unprofessional and off putting.. so final my number was called "57" and there was not a thank you for coming, sorry about the wait, enjoy your food please come again.. nothing! the young lady just pushed my bag towards me and turned away.. We got our food and walked next door to our hotel and got to our room.. we opened our food to find one very small thigh and legs sitting in grease and a half if teaspoon of butter beans.. which had rice in it that the menu to not mention if it did I would not have ordered it. my friend fish was small and fries were not done.  snack/ meal I ordered was 14.00 plus tax and I was giving a kids meal.. the food was not hot little to any  Seasoning so I am unsure what the long wait was for.. so I highly do not recommend this place.My goodness, the food hit the spot. I ordered takeout for 3 through an online portal. We ordered the fried chicken 12 pieces, which comes with 3 sides, I chose: red beans, Brussels sprouts, and yams. However, I received, Brussel sprouts, two orders of red beans, and Mac n cheese- &&I'm not complaining! The chicken was packed in a way  that kept it crunchy and the food was hot upon delivery. Everyone was pleased !Full disclosure: I was a vegetarian for 3 years, but gave it up because I missed fried chicken. So yeah, you could say I'm a bit of a fried chicken fiend. We got the chicken sandwich, three-piece fried chicken (dark meat), and a smattering of sides. Oh my bawk, this was the best fried chicken I've ever had. I didn't know that chicken could be so juicy! I don't know what kind of magic they use but the seasoning permeates all the way through the meat. The dredge was also so flavorful and crispy - with just a tiny kick at the end. Honesty you just need to try it yourself because it was an experience. I have a feeling I will be seeing this fried chicken in my dreams.
We were not huge fans of the sides - they were fine but definitely overshadowed by the chicken. I would give the sides a 4, but since the chicken is off the charts it would be a disservice to not give Willie Mae's the 5 they deserve. Come for the chicken and if you get a side I would recommend the red beans. They were pretty good - great classic New Orleans flavor! The mac and cheese was okay - not super cheesy and maybe a bit watery. The fries were very meh. But like I said I can look past the average sides because the fried chicken is life changing. I think they have ruined all other fried chicken for me - Willie Mae's I only have fries for you.Came on a slower night and service still took a while, but that's what you get when it's fresh/made to order.
Chicken was definitely awesome; Juicy inside, crispy outside, and great seasoning. No complaints there, and prices were pretty on par with most decent chicken places. My only complaint would be the sides. Fries were mushy and not well flavored. Same with the Mac n cheese, which tasted kind of generic and had sort of a funky texture.
Still, worth coming out for that chicken alone.Love the fried chicken! I'm from Ohio and I literally think about it all the time! It is the best I've ever had!Oh man! New Orleans is definitely Fried Chicken heaven. I can eat Fried Chicken here everyday and not get sick of it for a while  First off, I don't know if it's been mentioned on Yelp, but I'm told by the workers at this location that Willie Mae's Scotch House is no longer open and that this food court location, which opened last November and known as Willie Mae's at the Market, is it for now. We tried only the Fried Chicken (duh!) and some side dishes this time around just to compare. The Fried Chicken is also insanely good here!!! To be fair, I ate chicken at another popular spot which I've also posted a review about. What I am extremely surprised and pleased about is that it's not just one place trying to taste like the other. The two are very different  The other establishment is more of a straight forward almost homemade, but a heck of a lot better..WAY BETTER lol! I found Willie's Fried Chicken's seasoning to be more complex in the most delicious way. It clearly leans more towards spicy but not in a mouth burning capacity. Their side dishes were yummy! the Brussel Sprouts, Fries, Candied Yams, Mac and Cheese, and the Fried Okra. I guess it just all depends on what your palette happens to be in the mood for when you're craving Fried Chicken. Unfortunately, when I get back home to California, no one there comes close to these places here in New Orleans..I guess I'll be stuck with just Popeye'sAbsolutely delicious!! Ordered tenders for my picky little and they were devoured. They definitely has some heat to them... but they wasn't a deterrent to the small palate. I can't wait to try the chicken on the bone!! Will definitely be back!Not impressed and wont be back unless for a side of brussel sprouts with food from somewhere else.  The chicken was coated with what seemed to be fish fry batter. Not what I was expecting nor was it a pleasant surprise - just didnt seem right.  They get stars for serving it hot and straight out of the fryer and their brussel sprouts were great- turned out to be the star.Don't come here around 3. They won't serve you bc of a shift change but we called and double checked online and they're open until 8. If you're not actually open say that you're closed from 3-4.Just like the scotch house, Willie Mae's at the market is the exact same in terms of the quality of the food! No need to Uber out to the scotch house from downtown (although you should still visit the scotch house if it's your first time for the whole experience). 
We came right at 11 at opening and ordered two family packs (12 pieces of chicken with 4 sides in each family order). The wait took a while as we were ordering 24 pieces of chicken with 8 sides (fried okra, sweet potato fries, French fries, and Mac and cheese 2 each) - the total wait was around 45 minutes.
BUT the wait was still worth it! The chicken was super tender and juicy. I always like the breast and the thighs as it has the most flavor compared to wings and drumsticks.
Overall don't miss out on Willie Mae's at the Market. It's also a couple bucks cheaper than the scotch house and you save money by not having to Uber out there.They claim to be and live up to "New Orleans best fried chicken" and that's saying a lot! Love the spot, food was top of the line, service was a little slow but still nice! Highly recommend stopping here!Best fried chicken I've ever had in my entire life! Maybe one of the best things I've ever eaten, period. Believe the hype, y'all.This was an excellent way to get a little fix on a Sunday since the main restaurant is closed on Sundays. We didn't wait to order and the chicken was JUST as excellent! The only thing is they sell 2pc plates at this location as opposed to the 3 piece plates at the other location. The food was JUST as excellent as the main restaurant.Blew me away with their awesome flavor! 
   I had come to visit for a few days and Willie Mae's was on my list of places to go since I had seen them on one of Anthony Bourdain's shows. 
  Unfortunately- the main location was closed that day so we went to their Market location to try for our first meal in NOLA (then headed to the Scotch House on our last day, for the last meal).
   LET ME TELL YOU- this place exceeded all of my expectations! Hands down the BEST fried chicken I've ever had in my life! I became instantly obsessed and have dreamt of going back since the 4 days I've now been gone.
   The chicken was made fresh to order (so be patient. It's WORTH IT). It had a nice little mildly spicy kick to it that gave the crispy skin that bonus flavor you just don't find here in New England. 
  Even though it's a satellite location and not the original, I can honestly tell you you aren't missing anything by going to one place over the other. In fact- we found this location to have slightly more flavorful and bolder fried chicken and with faster service. 
   BOTH locations are to die for. Just do not mistake it for Willie's Chicken Shack (located throughout the French Quarter) as they are NOT the same. 
   I'll be visiting again- hopefully sooner rather than later!Not a comment on the chicken because I never got to eat it.  Part of being a good restaurant is being organized well and these guys fail miserably at that.  I put my order in at around 6:50 pm via the online system and it had an estimate of completion at 7:07. I check in with the hostess at 7:10 and she checks with them. They say they are "working on it now," but they ran out of biscuits.  Ok, fine.  
20 more minutes,  I watch tons of people I didn't see around when I ordered receive their orders.  I check with the register guy this time and again my "food is ready,  they just need to box it up. " Two minutes, they say. Now they're out of another item I ordered,  the mac and cheese. I'm disappointed.  Looks like there's no thinking ahead here on when they expect stuff to run out because they are telling people as they are picking up their food that they couldn't fulfill xyz thing. There's a lot of talking and not a lot of processing going on in the kitchen. One guy has his mask under his chin as he talks and works on the orders. Everything is slow. 
I had a pickup scheduled to go to another location at 745. I checked with them again and told them I had to leave.  I hear the cashier talk to his coworker to see if maybe they can expedite my order,  he says I have to wait with everyone else.  Then maybe don't tell me  you're "working on the order now" over half an hour ago.  
I never got my food because I had to go to my other destination before they finished.  At least I was able to get a full refund,  but I guess it's a lesson to order a freaking hour ahead or budget two hours to eat even at the "fast" version of this place. And don't believe them when they tell you your order is "almost ready".This place never disappoints! My food was fresh and hot! I got full and caught the itis. Their staff was very welcoming and warm. I will always find a way to stop here when I'm in town.They say they can't break a 50. And the bill was 45.59. What do u mean u can't give us 4 dollars change what a scam  that chicken better be the bombSo check this out! I've been twice in 1 week. The fried fish is so good and crispy, and the Mac n cheese lawd!! The Mac is so cheesy. Now those peas are another story. I don't care for spicy peas. I like my peas sweet. But someone may like them. The yams are too sweet, like too sweet. Now I wanted to get the seafood platter but not $15 for 1 piece of fish & 6 shrimp. Naw, I'll pass on that! Oh, there's fried okra also. That was good too. The serve was good. I wish they was open long, like a late night food spot. I will keep returning for the taste of soul.Not sure why they don't offer the Willie mae's menu. The only fried chicken they have are wings? Like wtfPretty great hot fresh fried fish and sweet potato fries. Two big pieces perfectly crisped on the outside and juicy on the inside. Simple but straightforward decently priced menu for the quality of the food.We made it to the Pythian market on Sunday 10 minutes before they closed the kitchen. It's tucked away in the back corner with the striped awning. It was a little hard to spot at first. 
We ordered the dark pieces of fried chicken with a side of fried okra. It was absolutely moist and mouth watering. The batter they make for the chicken has great crunch and spice. We will be back.So, I came in to the Pythian Market for the first time because my wife always talks about going there for lunch since she works downtown. I walked around and saw Willie Mae's and I instantly picked there. I ate at the restaurant once or twice and though the chicken was amazing.
Well, I made an order for a 3 piece dark. I opened my order and it came with a thigh, a drum and....a tiny ass wing. Really? It's small and not even a dark meat piece. I went and pointed that out to the drone at the counter and all he could repeat is "that's how it comes" over and over. I realized he's a working Joe and had the attitude of kind of not caring, and I wasn't impressed at all. The problem was obvious, as well as what to do next.
Taste? Awesome. Service and business practice? Awful. They should have been ashamed to even waste grease cooking that tiny ass piece of chicken even if they decided for some reason to not give me another drum or thigh. Very disappointed and kind of feel cheated.Love this hidden gem!  We've read so many reviews of waiting hours at the original location.  We've never been to the original so can't compare the quality of the food but what we got was fresh and delicious.  Also, there was only one person ordering in front of us so we waited about 15-20 mins for fresh chicken.  Definitely recommend.  Bonus, free street parking on Sunday.Willie Mae's Ratings: 4.5/5
Food: 4.75/5 - Absolutely delicious. The fried chicken was amazing. It's juicy, crispy with a layer of crunchy skin, packed with wonderful flavors. I don't know how they do it, but it's so tasty that you do not need any sauce for it. And you know fried chicken is LEGIT when you do not need sauce with it. My favorite was the chicken skin, so flavorful with a good amount of salt, and has a tiny spicy kick at the end, honestly just the perfect amount of heat. It is hands down the BEST fried chicken. Their sweet potato fries was also FIRE, yummy and not too salty. It was just perfect. The only downside was the chicken was way too greasy, maybe because they fried it on the spot when you order it, but trust me it's worth every calories and a splurge once in a while. 
Ambiance: 4.5/5 - Located in the Pythian Market, looks like a food court or a food hall with many different restaurant booths and stands, lots of different types of cuisine too. There's many seating throughout the inside and outside of the building. The interior looks clean, modern, but rustic and chic at the same time. There's a bar too located in the center of the food hall. It is not too busy or loud when we went, which is great. Perfect spot for a friends gathering to grab a small snack or a quick meal. 
Price: 4.5/5 - We went for the dark meat chicken (total of three pieces), and picked sweet potato fries as our sides. We added a cornbread muffin as well for 0.75 cents, and a bottle of Coke Zero. The total came up to be around $18 after taxes. Worth every penny, because their fried chicken are to die for. 
Service: 4.25/5 - The guy was nice and patient while we order our food. He provided some good recommendations and definitely answered all of our questions regarding some of their popular items on their menu. Food was prepped fairly quick and came out hot, and we picked up our food at the counter when they called out order number. 
BLUF: The BEST fried chicken I've ever had, and you do not want to miss out on this place. It is a MUST go place if you are visiting NOLA, and that's all I have to say about it. Willie Mae's blew my mind away with the first bite of their chicken.Super crispy juicy chicken that they fry right after you order. Comes out piping hot!! I had the butter beans as my side and it was savory and delicious.After asking friends for recommendations in New Orleans in preparation for a Bachelorette Weekend trip, I was told that Willie Mae's is a must. Since we were staying nearby, we decided to visit the Willie Mae's located in the Pythian Market. We walked around the entire market once before realizing that Willie Mae's is straight back with a small glass adhesive sign.
We were all super excited to try this legendary chicken and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. I'm not a big fan of spice in general, but their classic chicken sandwich is perfection. It has a bit of a kick, the right amount of crisp, all while remaining juicy on the inside. A friend and I shared, and we got a side of sweet potato fries and a piece of corn bread. Everything was delicious!
Our visit was super quick and easy. We were able to order at the counter immediately upon arriving. Pricing was really fair. Our food was ready within 10 minutes. They offer plenty of condiments, including Sweet Baby Ray's barbecue sauce.Disclaimer: have not tried Willie Mae's from its original brick and mortar. This was my attempt to get the same chicken without an 1.5-hour line. It's located in the back of the Pythian Market next to the bathrooms. 
Chicken: 3.5/5. Fried and flaky and somehow incredibly juicy all at the same time!! Pretty sure it has something to do with the puddle of oil next to my chicken... While the texture was well done, the chicken itself wasn't actually very flavorful on its own. For my family, we thought it needed the assistance of the hot sauce to help it along instead of an added bonus
Sides: Butter Beans were a pleasant surprise. Kind of tasted like an étouffée-esque spin on Lima beans. All of other sides that we tried were only okay: fried okra was too breaded and a little bland, Mac and cheese was so-so, brussel sprouts tasted better than it looks but nothing to get again.
Service: very friendly and welcoming but slow. They seemed happy to help, but given how few people there were (maybe a couple before us), it should not have taken around 30 minutes for our food to come out. 
Of all the NOLA food experiences to be had, wouldn't really recommend this as one of them. That being said, I am curious to see if the original location is better quality.Best fried chicken I ever had.
Very well seasoned (has a bit of a cayenne kick to it but not overpowering) and juicy.  Crispy.  Fried upon ordering.  
Cornbread was fluffy and delicious--right out of the oven.
Mac and cheese was actually seasoned and scrumptious.
Heck, even the potato wedges are delectable and seasoned to perfection.
Go to this location in lieu of the main one as the other location tends to get swamped by tourists.  This one opened up recently in order to lighten the burden.  Located indoors in a cafeteria-style public eatery with a bar and other food courts.  You should plan on spending at least 20 minutes waiting for your food...but you're on vacation and it's worth the wait.