My girlfriend and I strolled into Wood's at 10:20 on a Sunday night, in desperate need of a late meal. We were welcomed with open arms despite the fact that the staff was already closing up due to the slow Sunday night. The bar manager gave us a taste of some wonderful IPAs (the pineapple IPA was delicious), asked where we were from, and chatted with us as she poured us some local brews. The bartender was super nice, and chatted with us about his tips and tricks for operating a bar. Then, after we were done eating our pepperoni pizza (so thin and crispy!) the chef - Spoon - came out and chatted with us for the next 15 minutes. He even gave us some lychee nuts to try. Overall this place is a wonderful spot to sit back, drink a good beer and enjoy some great pizza. Highly recommend.I have been to woods about 5 times now, and I have slowly become more skeptical about it. The pizza appears completely adequate, but the other aspects make me not a complete fan. The lighting outside is gorgeous in this canopy style draping, but the chairs outside are noisy and uncomfortable. Not too many people come here at once, which I don't particularly like since a nice rolling in of patrons having a good time always adds nicely to the atmosphere. Their most interesting drink that I've sampled was called the River Queen. Served in a champagne flute with blueberries as a garnish, it is a vanilla-Y unique cocktail. It was taken off the menu the last time I went, but the server said she could still make it and that it was no problem, which is always much appreciated when they're not thrown off or put out by off menu orders. The desserts are always cute and good. Not homemade, but still a nice sweet treat. Probably will stop going there for the near future, just bored with it and I can find much more exciting places in the neighborhoodBest pizza in New Orleans. Located in the warehouse district in walking distance of Bourbon street.My coworker and I went here today for lunch!  It was delicious! We got the Caesar salad first.  definitely not your typical Caesar salad.  It had romaine lettuce chopped cherry tomatoes and shaved parmesan.  The dressing was olive and parmesan cheese.  It was tasty.  We ate the whole thing.  Then we had the margarita pizza.  Came out fresh and hot thin pizza.  Can't wait to go back!I went here for dinner during a conference about a week ago and was appalled by the lack of service. When we arrived, it took a frantic server a few minutes to acknowledge us and then seat us. We waited about 15 minutes for our drink order to be filled and then put in our food order: two salads and two pizzas. We received the salads, but 50 minutes later I approached the manager about our missing pizza (we hadn't been able to get the attention of our server this entire time). The excuse she gave was not a good one: "you ordered an appetizer so that bumps your order down the line a bit." Ummmm, we ordered SALADS and so did two other tables who sat down after we ordered and they already had their salads AND pizzas. She then blamed the stress that they were under. First rule of customer service: don't unload your problems on the customers! When we finally got our pizzas, they were delicious (thus the two stars...kudos to the chefs), but that service was unforgivable.BLUF:  Great atmosphere, service, beer selection and pizza.
I really loved the atmosphere.  Old brick building with a lot of added modern character but not gaudy.  
20 beers on tap and most are local and all pretty good.  It would have been nice if they had more original stuff since they are a tap house but still better than most places.  (there were only a couple on tap or in bottle that I had never had)
Server was great.  She gave us her opinions on what we asked and what she thought on our orders.  It was helpful.  She was attentive too.
Sometimes I don't like wood fire pizza because I tend to like a thicker crust than the usual wood fire pizza.  This place had really really good crust with some body to it.  Still thin but not as thin as other wood places.  The crust edge was thicker than the rest of the pizza which is also not standard on a wood pizza and it was great.  I really liked the crust.
I got the sausage pizza with white sauce.  It was good but IMO the sausage was too sweet especially when paired with the red bell pepper.  The pizza just had a little too much sweetness to it.  I think a spicier/sharper sausage would have been much better.  Still a great pizza though.
My wife built her own; red sauce, goat cheese, prosciutto, and mushrooms.  Hers was better than mine but she eats like a child so I kinda got both.  (The waitress recommended that she get it with white sauce and i agree, but what can you do...)
We had left overs and they heated up well the next day.  
I'd go back in a heartbeat.I brought my dog with me and they offer water, a good table and no objections. Their pizzas are great! I love the white beans appetizer and the bruschetta. This place is great for your whole family.
Adriana K.Had a couple of great pizzas and a salad here. Sat at the pizza bar while we eat. Nice meal.I live in the warehouse district and was really excited about a neighborhood bar with pizza and outdoor seating. We've been there 3 times and so far I'm not too impressed. Each time we've had to wait between 45-75 minutes for take out and no option to call in. Also, the wait is always longer than they say. The place has a good vibe, but there is not enough inside seating for rainy/ cold days. The crust on the pizza is delicious and my husband loves the tutti carne. However, not a great option for vegetarians. Last time we ordered the margarita pizza, it had chunks of sausage mixed in.  I'll probably be going back to slice or pie pizza.We ended up here because another restaurant down the street was closed on Memorial Day. The atmosphere was very welcoming so we thought we'd try it out. We got here at 8:35 and they close at 9pm. We thought we were going to be rushed but that was not the case. The host was very sweet and welcoming. The bartender was super relaxed. Our pizza was good and the drinks were perfect. I have no idea why this place only has 3.5 stars. I'd totally come back again!!!The pizza was superb but the service was sub par. The crust was excellent and perfectly cooked.
The place was seat yourself, so I took a seat. There were two other groups that sat down after me and both were waited on before me. One table that sat down after me was almost finished eating before anyone even took my order. Great food but the service needs some work.First time to NOLA stayed in the warehouse district. Picked this place at random cuz it was close. GREAT LITTLE JOINT!!! Pizza was perfect wood fired, the staff was amazingly friendly!!! Not much seating inside but great patio. Pretty good beer selection and reasonable prices. Definitely will go back if we visit again.Visited again and the place, service and food is amazing. You must order the Burrata. It is different every visit.Didn't eat here, just checked out the menu and moved on. Nice decor, pleasant surroundings.Terrible service, great pizza. 
The place has a nice patio area outside that's quite spacious. The inside is small with 3-4 tables, the food prep area and the bar. The bar was fully stocked and had a large beer selection. 
We were told to "seat ourselves, oh and the ATM is over there." We asked if they were cash-only and the waitress said "no, it's so you can leave me a tip."
She then came over as we were sitting down and asked what we were going to order. We didn't even have menus yet. Only a minute or two after getting the menu she came back and said "Ok so what do you want food wise?" We had to wave her away again to give us a minute. We felt extremely rushed to order. She came back for a third time and we're ready to order our pizza. (Mind you we've been inside for less than 5 minutes). She tells my husband he's "clearly never been a server because he spoke the ingredients too fast". As she's writing our order down I see her nose is running down her lip, she wipes it with her fingers, goes to get our drinks and grabs unwrapped straws with her unwashed hands and places them in the glasses. We only saw her once more when the pizza arrived and sat there with empty drinks until we finally had to flag her down for the check. By far the rudest waitress I've ever had. 
All of that being said, the pizza is some of the best we have ever had. 
As a previous reviewer stated, it's truly sad that such a great product is overshadowed by such terrible service.Loved the ambiance and the food was great, from the bruchetta to the fried Brussels sprouts to some of the best pizza I have ever had, service, by the way rocked while sitting at the bar.The weather was perfect out so I decided to head to Wood and try their pizza. Was pretty impressed with the spicy pepperoni pizza. Crispy yet chewy. Only thing I wish more for was cheese on the pizza but overall I was satisfied with what was served. The cheese balls appetizer was pretty good and I thought it was a great spin on your usual mozzarella sticks. Would recommend to friends and plan on coming here again.Good food. Had the Scallop Salad, Pepperoni Pizza, and Margarita Pizza. Pizzas only had a few dots of cheese; some had none at all. Quality ingredients. Hard to get seating. Ended up settling for outside seating. Too hot and humid. Slow service. They forgot one of our entrees. I have 3 small kids so it is not worth the headache. Won't return.Great food, good drinks cute little spot! Sarah E the server was not deserving of the 4 stars though maybe she was having a rough day. Definitely a must try !This is my SECOND trip.  The pizza is amazing!   Three stars.   Well that would be the service.   We had the flat bread with white bean sauce for an appetizer.   Excellent.  I had the sausage and my wife had the Bianca.   Both great.   BUT service was slow.   Too slowEight stars.  This may have well been the best tasting pizza I've ever ingested.  I had an overall great experience.  Super nice hostess, nice table on the deck, amiable waiter, great beer, good music.  I loved that the tables weren't too close together which always makes me uncomfortable.  You have plenty of room at this place.  Service was prompt, but not too quick to make you feel rushed.  I ordered a pizza of my own design.  Tomato sauce, mozzarella, asiago, olives and mushrooms.  It was so good I ate until I was overstuffed.  The crust is thin and light, the toppings just perfect.  Prices are great as well.  Highly recommend.Fantastic new pizzeria with wood fired oven and over 20 beers on tap.  Great place to watch the game and enjoy the best pizza in the Warehouse District.This place was recommended by someone at the WW II Museum and it was very good. We came off hour at about 2:30pm on a weekday and we were pleasantly surprised. The wood fired pizzas were very good and the wide beer selection just as good.Went in around 10:30 (they're open till 2) and unfortunately didn't get to try the food I've heard so much about because the few people who were working made us feel really unwelcome. Those who didn't ignore us made sarcastic comments towards us. We quickly left and most likely will not return.Waited 30 minutes to get a server to come to our table and another hour to get our food...and all we ordered were salads. Apparently they did not have enough staff to support the demand. Advice to the owner/manager of this place. Considering your location is 2 blocks from a convention center and you are one of few places open for lunch on a Sunday, perhaps you should ensure you are properly staffed. Owner/manager never made an appearance to any of the tables to apologize for the wait and thank us for our patience. Customer service needs some work. No comment on the food because it doesn't matter how good your food is if the service is terrible.
Update: business responded very promptly to my review. They are 2 weeks old and are working out some quirks. The response was much appreciated. Acknowledgement and ownership is the first step
to growth. I commend them for their honesty and their ability to see feedback from customers as a stepping stone for growth.If you want thin crust, delicious pizza go to pizza Dominica or somewhere else. This place is extremely overrated, very poor service and unhelpful staff. We waited over an hour for our pizza without much of and explanation, apology or even a discount for the long wait. Since there are so many great pizza places in New Orleans, I would definitely recommend going someplace to where you're not waiting an hour for some dough and toppings. There's no way I would go back to this place. Once we finally got the pizza, it was just okay- nothing memorable.I thought this was a great change from the typical NOLA food.   It was a rainy day and there wasn't a spot inside right away, but the server was great and got us one inside as soon as one opened up.   The beer selection was above average with lots of local beers.   I had a beer tail, which was delish.   The Brussels sprouts were probably the best I ever had, and the Italian sandwich was good.  Pizza was not the best ever, but very good.   Overall, just a nice experience.Pizza was great! The guys who cooked our pizza, Spoon and Zach, were very fun and informative. Sit at the bar where the brick oven is! Great time! You get to see them make the pizza! My mom and I shared a pepperoni pizza and we added bacon. I've been to Italy and this pizza was comparable, maybe even better. Highly recommend.This is not NY style pizza, this is Neapolitan style pizza which is cooked for two minutes in a wood fired oven. Very good pizza in my opinion (I run a website dedicated to making pizza -- pizzamaking[dot]com). This place is new but I feel that their pizza will only get better as they work out the kinks. I will definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in NOLA.In years past, I have found New Orleans' pizza game to be lacking.  Will we ever be on the same par as New York or Chicago?  No, but recently it appears that a valiant effort is being made.  My most recent search  for top-notch pie in the Crescent City has taken me to Wood in the Warehouse District.  
The indoor dining room is VERY small, but there is plentiful seating outdoors.  It was early in the evening on the first week of August when I was there, which sounds like a huge no-no for al fresco dining, but there was plenty of shade via umbrellas and lots of fans, so my group and I was quite comfortable.
For an appetizer, I had the buratta with spring vegetables.  It wasn't bad, but I've had better elsewhere.  I was thinking that it was going to come with sliced vegetables for dipping purposes, or be accompanied with some crusty bread for spreading.  Alas, the veggies turned out to be mashed peas.  The appetizer was all around bland in taste.
For our pizza, we ordered the Chicken and Artichoke.  The toppings were a tasty combination, but they were difficult to keep on the pizza because the crust was extremely soggy.  It was the same story with the two other couples at our table.
I can see why Wood would get a lot of business since it is in a popular section of town for both locals and tourists alike.  It would even be a cool place to hang-out if you live nearby.  For this Westbanker, however, you're gonna have to churn out more impressive fare to get me to cross that bridge.  There are places on my side of the river that I prefer, not just because they are closer, but because they are better.Service was terrible.  We waited half a hour for our water.  And then we waited maybe another hour for our pizza.  When the pizza arrived it wasn't even hot.  I had to personally grab my silverwares and a plate for myself.  Don't come here unless you miraculously had better service than we did.One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. The pizza with "extra cheese" hardly had any cheese at all. Also forgot one of our pizzas, rushed to make it and brought out a pizza with hardly any cheese or sauce. When we ordered, we made it clear we were ordering in pairs to "split" pizzas, but the waitress still put everything on once check and refused to bring separate checks.I'm starting off this review by saying I'm from New York. I have an incredibly high standard for pizza, I refuse to eat anything not up to my standards. But this pizza was really good. It was a thin crust pizza and really delicious. I ate six slices when I normally eat two just because it was a very thin crust and pretty light. I was very impressed not only by the pizza but also with the service. Our waiter's name was Jordan and he was very nice. He kept my water glass filled and talked to us about the city. We sat inside but next time I would sit outside because the outdoor seating was very nice. It was a great pizza place and it reminded me of New York.Worst pizza my son & I have ever eaten.  We ordered pepperoni & margherita.   I could make better in the microwave at my hotel.  Thin crust, like authentic Italian, but barely had any cheese or flavor.   We also came @ 10, closes at 11, but were told we could only order specialty pizza;  the rest of the menu was off limits.Aww man came here in the hot august louisiana heat. Sat outside and waited till my hair grew another inch till i got my pizza.I can't speak for the pizza. But a great place to have a brew. Will be an even better place in Fall when things cool down some.Got in early for an event at the convention center with my husband and two kids (5 and 6). We weren't sure what to eat and found this place while walking around. They have a really nice patio with large fans. We ate there bc our youngest wasn't a fan of the tall tables inside. 
We ordered one pepperoni and it wasn't quite enough for the four of us so we ordered a second. The food was very good and enjoyed by all. It also didn't take long to come out. Everything was also decently priced. We had the two pizzas, tea, coke, and three bottles waters for 40.00. 
The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Our waitress made sure our glasses were filled and even got up on a chair to turn the fans towards us so we would be more comfortable (we were the only ones on the patio).
We would definitely come back again.Split a Caesar and pizza for lunch between the two of us. More food than we could finish. Perfect crust and everything was fresh. Great service and nice peeps. We will be back.This is a cute little place tucked near the New Orleans Convention Center. Nice patio in front wrapped with a tall fence separating it from the road and shell gas station across the street. The fence gives the restaurant its own atmosphere. Pizza is good. They have a few complicated items with lots of toppings but also offer build your own. I think everything is on real thing crust. I was hungry and ate a medium by myself. Several beers on tap at the little bar.  Most of the tables are outside. Take out availableJust found this little gem for lunch. If you need a break from creole this is the place. Fresh pizza and very reasonably priced. Looks like a great tap selection if you need a beverage. Bring a friend to share pizza.I would like to write this review about the taste of the pizza, but unfortunately we never got the chance! After waiting over an hour for our pizza order I went inside to inquire about it, I was greeted by a rude worker behind the pizza stand! I asked about our order, which was two of their specialty pizzas, and explained to her that we has been waiting over an hour! She clearly informed me that she was only one person and that she would get to my order when she could! She also explained to me how the oven only held 4 pizzas at a time! I leaned over looked into the pizza oven and saw one pizza cooking! What about the other three that could fit?? Let me point out that during that hour only three pizzas came out to other customers! Three tables left while I was there also because they never received their pizzas! Don't waster your time!! Nola has too many other restaurant choices to wait for this place!! Left after an hour still hungry!!Been here numerous times.  Pizza is awesome, but I'm growing tired of their excuses for poor service.  Arrived 20 minutes before closing and we're refused service because "the ticket times were over an hour." There was hardly anyone in the place.Pizza's are delicious! Service is another story... They're not on top of making sure their customers have what they need. We actually wanted to order more drinks but no server around. It wasn't even busy so I don't understand why it was an issue.Our pizza was charred black on the bottom. Waitress tried to pass it off as okay...but we asked to have it fixed. They will NOT split a check for a large group. We took our team of volleyball players. We are a seasoned group of travelers and this has never been an issue. Our bill was very large and NO gratuity was added so that was an ordeal as each family tips differently. The pizza was sub par at best and they not group friendly. To top it off the said we shorted them $100 and added it to someone's credit card. The manager had to take over. Long story short stay away!
PROS: Large outdoor seating area. You can bring your four legged friends. 
CONS: Terrible for large groups, untrained wait staff, burned/charred pizza.
Save your money and go across the street to the BUTCHER. Yummy!The thin crust pizza (cooked in an 850-degree wood fire oven) is very good. Not the best wood fire oven pizza I've had, but strong. Ingredients were fresh. 
Very nice craft beer selection from around the south and beyond. The crew and the venue definitely give it a hipster feel.Interesting!  Good beers on tap - half-price until 6 pm, so great value.  Wine list not so much, but beer goes better with pizza anyway.  Ordered a Caesar salad, which was weird:  tomatoes?  The dressing was a vinaigrette of some kind, but bore no resemblance to a real Caesar dressing.  Pizza was only fair - they left off one of the ingredients, and there was about a teaspoon of the sausage, but was still edible.  Super-hot inside the restaurant, where the A/C was not working.  It was pouring rain, so inside was our only option.  Just ok all around.Great food and atmosphere. The bartender Zach was great and the owners were great as well. Pizza was awesome and Beer selection is mind boggling.Real gourmet Neopolitan style pizza with high quality toppings.  Good salads.  Not your typical pizza.  Thin crispy crust in 800 degree wood fire oven.   You can watch Tyson the pizza making machine hand craft pizza in front of you at the pizza bar.   All other cooks and staff friendly as well.  I'm not easy to please when it comes to pizza.  Only knock is lack of indoor seating.  Plenty outside though.I was very excited to hear of another wood-fired pizza establishment opening in our area, and Wood did not disappoint.  I ordered the chicken and artichoke pizza - DELICIOUS!!  I am really looking forward to going back to enjoy the beautiful patio.  We have so few outdoor dining locations here that it's really nice to get new ones.  
I was very pleased to see a great by-the-glass wine list of familiar and new wines.  So many pizza places assume if you are eating pizza you're drinking beer and nothing else.  Thanks Wood for keeping us winos in mind!!
The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is the pizza crust.  The crust on this pizza was thin, which I prefer, but not crispy enough.  I really would have liked the crust cooked a little more though so will request that when I return.  The sauce was fantastic and the other toppings were fresh and plentiful.  This would be great for a casual, business or a group dining experience.Killer place. They are still young and getting ops in place but worth supporting a local joint. Good beer and great pizza. Go!Four of us went in on a whim.  Server was courteous.  Good beer selection.  We got three pizzas--  the pepperoni, the sausage, and the Bianco.  All were bland, with no love put into the product.  Having a wood fire oven is awesome and I wish they would put more care into actually making the pizzas.  The pepperoni had a few small blobs of mozzarella.  The sausage looked as if it comes in frozen, and the Bianco had a few strands of onion floating on what looks and tastes like Alfredo sauce.  Needs work.  Would stop in for a beer, and nothing else.Was in town for a convention and this place was in walking distance. Awesome pizza and WOW, what a selection of beer! Ask for Ben as he gave us the best service. This will be on our list every visit. Great dining experience!Great spot. I stopped in here during a thunderstorm for lunch. The bar tender was friendly and had a good knowledge of beer, including the large selection of seasonal drafts they have on tap. The pizza was hot fresh and thin crust, what you expect from a high quality wood fired pizza joint.The scallops are the best thing I have eaten in a while. Get them if you come here. The pizza is very delicious and all of them are thin crust made on a wood fire grill. There is also a really great outdoor patio with plenty of seating. I will be back! Yummy!Great Feel, had the pepperoni pizza with arugula and onions and it was great.  Good service nice atmosphere.A great pizza place in the CBD finally!!! Excellent food, good vibe, great drinks. Will be back.Went here before a saints game; was about 25%-50% seated. Hostess gave us a "wtf" look when we walked up as a party of 2 and seemed to want to shoo us away, saying our food would take 45 minutes to come out. We didn't really care because we had plenty of time and just wanted to sit back and have a few beers so we said no big deal.  The problem is that they are incapable of bringing drinks, taking orders, or even bringing silverware to the table. Our waiter once again warned us that they were slammed; my friend and I looked around and were like blown away that this crowd was "slammed". We once again said, don't worry, we have 2 hours, just wanted some beer; and proceeded to place our entire order of 2 apps and 1 pizza to make it easy for him. We went almost 40 minutes before he brought our warm beer out, after he brought us 1 of the apps and no plates. Then he comes back with cold pizza an hour and 15 minutes after we ordered it. He never offered to refill our beers, once or even came back with the check; we had to get another staff member to find him. Then he brings a check out with the appetizer we didnt get on it, and failed to fix it after bringing it back inside once and sitting on it for 20 minutes.
All the while my friend is going to the bathroom and seeing him just sitting in the empty bar inside.
Honestly, the food was pretty good the brussel sprouts were awesome, but the service was probably the worst things I have ever experienced. I'm extremely laid back and I have never been so angry leaving some place I spent money in all my life. They don't seem to want to be in business and we should probably help them out.I come to New Orleans about once a year for work, The novelty of the French Quarter wore away quickly. I'm sure there is much of the quarter I am missing. Tonight I took a gamble on a place in the warehouse district, away from the noise and tourists traps. Hands down the best dining and drinking experience I've had in this city. 
The beer selection was phenomenal, the staff equally knowledgable. Tried a Urban South Holy Roller IPA for the first time. Delicious. Tried a few others to see if I wanted to change it, but it wasn't worth it.
The Pizza was spectacular, sure, the wait for the food was long, but well worth it. The crust was crisp and chewy at the same time, wood fired goodness. Really can't say enough about it.
Great food, great place, great music.The best pizza around!!! First smell when you walk in is the wonderful wood smell of the pizza in the brick oven. They are willing to split the pizza into half pizza's so you can get a variety of different taste.  They have a huge selection of beer on tap and don't mind providing tastings to satisfy your palate. I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant and wish them well!The location is great. The pizzas were okay but not great. The service was very bad. We had to keep asking for drinks, silverware and our food. We ordered 3 pizzas, waited 30 mins and only 2 pizzas came out! Waited another 15mins for the other one.This was my second meal of the day during Running of the Bulls 2015 and it wasn't that crowded. We were seated outside and simply ordered two pizzas. The pizzas were delicious, but the waitress was not that attentive. We wanted to split the check right down the middle (the pizzas were basically the same price) but the waitress did something weird with splitting the check....
The first time I attempted coming here was very crowded and we found out that we were not allowed to sit outside of the fence. There is some 'law' that says the restaurant cannot serve those who are outside of the fence...which why even have tables out there?
This place could be better, and I will probably try again.We stopped here over the weekend when the line at Cochon Butcher was practically an entire city block long, and boy am I glad we did! They were crazy busy and one of the servers (there were only two on staff that day) said they had just opened a little more than a week ago, that they would serve us as fast as they could, but would appreciate our patience. We found a seat at the bar and the bartender took a few mins to get to us but was very nice and handled everything well considering how in the weeds they all were. But the kicker is...this was the Best pizza I've had in a long time! Nice crust, quality ingredients, super delicious. We got the Sausage pizza and were not disappointed.Came here with my two coworkers for lunch today after our visit to the convention center. I never eat in the CBD, but we spotted this place on the corner and decided to give it a shot. They had 5-6 tables when we arrived, and unlike other reviewers, our service was decent. It wasn't *great*, but definite nothing to complain about.  I enjoyed the decor and ambience of the place, and yes they have a ton of beer on tap. The outside seating is nice, especially because it's kind of fenced off from the street.  
We really enjoyed the sausage pizza and arugula salad. Unlike a previous reviewer, our salad was absolutely huge. We ordered it to share and had plenty + some leftovers. It only had a few very basic ingredients but the effervescence of the blue cheese coupled with the grape tomatoes turned it from an "OK" salad into a really enjoyable one. All three of us loved the pizza.  
I'm not sure why someone is complaining about the prices --- they're very "on par" with other nola pizza joints and the pizza here is damn tasty in comparison. If I'm in the neighborhood again soon, I'll be back.Porch is lovely. Food was really delicious. Brussels sprouts with fried prosciutto were some of the best I've ever had. But the service was terrible. Waitress left us unattended for 30 minutes. I finally had to get up and ask the bar tender for a coke refill, and she gave me total attitude.Flew to New Orleans with some friends and we were looking for food.  We parked in the warehouse district and couldn't find the restaurant we were looking for, so we just walked around a bit.  We noticed that this place had a good google rating and decided to stop in.  We were told it would be a 30-40 minute wait which seemed fair since it was Saturday night and Jazz Fest, but our table was ready in 20 minutes.  Waiting at the bar, the bartenders were really friendly.  The inside is crowded, and obviously the real dining area is outside, but still a cool atmosphere.
The hostess was really nice, and our waiter was great.  The food came quickly and was delicious.
I have to admit, I generally don't like this style of pizza.  I'm not a fan of thin crust, burnt to a crisp, pizza with one drop of cheese on it.  However, this pizza is really good.  That means a lot coming from me.  They only have smallish 14" pizzas, so we ordered two, the Bianca and a Tutti Carne.  Both were delicious, but we all agreed the Tutti Carne was phenomenal.  Just wish we'd tried a few different cheeses.  Which is another bonus for this place, you have a variety of cheeses to choose from and a plethora of toppings.  Definitely a must visit if you're in New Orleans and looking for pizza.Walked there as it was close and according to the website it was open. We walked in the door and a girl yelled we do t open until 4. Update your hours and teach your staff to be pleasantThe tutti carne pizza is the best of the pizzas that i have tried here. It has a nice spice to it and the sausage is not over fennely (not a real word). They do have a great beer selection. We also split the chicken and artichoke pizza, which was good. On Tuesdays that have wine and dine special which is $40 for a specialty pizza and a bottle of wine. Pretty good deal since most of the wines are around the $30+ range.This place is amazing!! I think it might be the best Pizza I have ever eaten. The ingredients are so fresh and the staff are so nice. I really enjoyed sitting at the Pizza bar watching the Chef do his thing!! The salad was great also!!I had heard many things from many people about how wonderful this place was. Being the fan of Woodfire Pizza that I am, I was very excited to try this spot out.
We sat outside because it was a pretty evening. Our waiter greeted us within a timely manner and everyone had everything needed as we sat. All the normal for a decent restaurant. Things took a turn as we began to ask about beers... the waiter seemed to lack any knowledge of their draft line. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, I took his recommendation on a beer. Shouldn't have done that. Still looking forward to the pizza I had heard so much about we ordered...
I order the Bianco, my roommate ordered the Marg, and his fiancé ordered the pepperoni. None of the three pizzas lived up to the expectations we had graciously anticipated. The Bianco lacked not only flavor, but ingredients. Half a slice of mozzarella per slice of pizza? When you don't even have sauce? I basically ate bread. The Marg... lacked everything but sauce. A very decent ration of sauce but no toppings. Probably had 3 spinach leafs on it. The pepperoni... do I even have to start? There's more pepperoni in a lunchable. 
While sitting at the table dreading our soon to be payment for the meal we regretted, my roommate took it upon himself to order pizza from Magazine Street Pizza (Great Idea! Go there!) Bottom line, if I could give less than one star I would. This isn't pizza. This is bread with or without sauce depending on your preference for $14. 0/10 wouldn't recommend to a friend.The BEST pizza I've had in NOLA by far! The dough is toothsome! The sauce is FRESHHHHH! The toppings are perfectly portioned! I loved it! I LOVED IT!
My favorite food is pizza. I've had pizza all over Chicago and this place now holds my number one spot over Pequod's. Well, I take that back because Pequod's is deep dish so they're both number one hits! 
Wood is solid. I wouldn't dare go to any other place for pizza in New Orleans!I recommend the roasted scallops, the dish includes cauliflower and almonds in a savory sauce. Quite delicious. My only disappointment was that the $15 dish was served with only two scallops (which were admittedly large and perfectly cooked)They've got a large outdoor space that's perfect on a good day - and it's also set up well if you live nearby and want to bring your dog.  As for the food, pizzas are quite good - kind of a mix between New York, Neapolitan, and modern pizza styles.  The crust is New York Style all the way and despite the wood burning oven you don't find the same scorching that you get on a traditional Neapolitan pizza but the size and many of the ingredient combinations are fairly common for Neapolitan.  Then you get things like a Shrimp pizza, and "modern" options such as choosing between tomato, garlic cream, and pesto as the base sauce or adding goat cheese, gorgonzola, eggplant, etc.
The starters looked decent and the burrata with a spring pea "pesto" was pretty good if a bit under-seasoned and not exactly what you expect as a "pesto".  The beer list is very large, cocktails are okay with a standard list of options, and wines by the glass is a small and marginal list but there are a few decent options.  Overall though, the pizza is really good and the patio is nice so I'll definitely be back.Very cool ambiance and great pizzas! 
I like the festive Halloween decor they had al over and the servers were great. We were starving after a long day of lectures and events at the convention (and eating bland cold sandwiches the convention provided is that day) so I looked on yelp for nearby walkable locations for dinner. 
We arrived before the dinner crowd and were seated quickly. One friend had the dinner sized salad which was a decent portion and my other friend and I did the "build your own pizza". It's $10 for the base (white garlic or red sauce) and an extra $1 for each extra topping. I had mushroom and caramelized onions which were both very delicious. My friend had sausage, mushroom and arugula. It took a while for them to come out but it was worth the wait. Very good thin crust pizza! 
I would recommend this place to anyone who wants some great quality food close to the convention center.We came two days in a row! (Walking distance to/from convention center) I'd recommend the mushroom or sausage pizzas with any of the broad selection of beers.  The heirloom tomato salad was tasty with the balsamic vinaigrette and mint.  Of most pizzerias this one can pack complex flavors onto their crust. Cant decide?...ask for half / half.... Ps i like supporting restaurants using real woodburning ovens...And waitstaff rated 5 stars both days!Stopped in Wood to have a drink.  Had been driving by it and it looked like a cool place with a nice patio.  I talked to a server and asked if we could just grab a table and have some drinks.  She asked if we were eating, which we weren't, and then said we could either 
A.  sit at the bar, or 
B.  order drinks from the bar and then sit in their "perimeter" seating.  
It was a Saturday night and they were less than busy with probably 8-12 tables wide open in the patio area.    Whatever; we ordered drinks and sat at the bar.  The bartender (who seemed like a new employee) was great and very eager to help with drinks and talk about the beers.  Had it not been very warm in the bar from the pizza oven we would have stayed with her but instead decided to hang on the "perimeter". 
We felt as if we were outsiders looking in this place through the fence, not allowed to come inside because we weren't eating, just drinking.  After finishing our drinks we opted to leave instead of walk to the bar and get another round to return to the "perimeter" seating.  I love this concept of seating.  
There was a server convention/smoke break going on to the side of the building so we decided to return our glasses to the bar instead of leave them available to anyone walking by the perimeter.  
Wood, we won't be back.Stopped here after King cake fest - great location - loved the outside seating - boyfriend loved the 40 beers on tap - scallops were amazing and the pizza was delicious - we had the four cheese, pepperoni and a build your own and Caesar salads - service could've been better but they are new and still working out the kinks! Will definitely go backThis is my first time in New Orleans and of all things, I was craving pizza.  So a friend of mine recommended I go here.  The location is great and I enjoyed sitting outside on the patio.  It was so nice.  I had the fried shrimp skewers for my starter.  Those were GREAT!  I wish I would have gotten 2 orders of those.  Then I had the 4 cheese pizza for my main meal.  It was just average.  One of my slices, was more bread than it was cheese.  It was ok, nothing special.  For my drink, they had this Appleton Mojito, which was not good at all.  So my waitress was kind of enough to switch it for another drink, the Bahada Island.  It was a sweeter drink, but still just ok.  Above all, my waitress was fabulous! She gave awesome service and constantly checked on me, which I really appreciated.  Many of the other people that worked there were also really nice.  They stay open really late, which is a plus.  If I were to go again, I would definitely get the shrimp skewers!Downtown New Orleans can be a challenging place to find good, vegetarian-friendly restaurants. This is a real treasure.
We were in town for the ASHP National Conference (about 50% of the planet's population in one place), and found a few pretty good places near the Convention Center. Wood Pizza was the best. We found this one in spite of the hotel staff (who though Cochon Butcher might be a good bet for vegetarians!). The reason is that Wood Pizza is new in town; if you look on Google Street View 2014 it isn't even there.
The outdoor patio is very attractive; we didn't even set foot inside the restaurant. The servers were amazingly friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. I was a little disappointed that that broccoli di rapa, which is on the online menu, wasn't on the menu at the restaurant, but we had the Mediterranean olives and the flatbread with white bean spread instead. Both were amazing, but the white bean spread is worth a trip to New Orleans all by itself: it seemed to contain eggplant, olive oil, and a subtle mix of herbs, besides cannellini, and tasted amazing. The small house salad was huge and wonderful.
The pizzas are works of art. My wife and I shared a Margherita, and our daughter-in-law ordered "shrimp pizza without the shrimp," essentially a Margherita with onions baked on and fresh arugula added after baking. The crusts are thin and crisp. The cheese was fresh, high-moisture mozzarella. There were ribbons of fresh basil that still had their aroma on both pizzas.
The only thing I can say about the beer list is that, if you like IPAs, the Chafunkta Voo Ka Ray is the ultimate. We didn't try anything else.Great service with quality food and tasty pizzas. We sat right at the "pizza bar" and my kids enjoyed watching them make their pizzas. One of the pizza chefs even gave them some free plastic dinosaur toys to keep them busy. Great find right next to the WWII museum!Okay, so went to this place on the 17th of January. Sat outside. Took about 20 minutes just to be acknowledged. After ordering drinks & appetizers it took another twenty minutes for just the appetizers to be delivered. Our drinks (2 bottles of beer) finally came when we were almost finished with our appetizers. After appetizers we ordered 2 pizzas. They took 35 minutes to come out. The food was pretty good but the service is "NON-EXISITENT" 
Monday we had the in-laws in town and tried to call for pick up.... No answer... So we called Slice :-) They answered immediately and we had some good pizza for a reasonable price.
Fast forward to today (Saturday 07 Feb 2015) Just called to place an order for pick up... this is what we were told "They weren't taking phone orders today" so we asked if they were busy and were told "NOT REALLY" and that "we had to come in to order".
All we can say is "THREE STRIKES YOU'RE OUT" What were these people thinking about when opening a customer service based business? Absurd!
Anyways...if you want good pizza whether dining in or calling for take out... go with a trusted favorite of ours and get THE SLICE on St Charles.
This "WOOD PIZZA BISTRO & TAPHOUSE is a joke! Won't last long with that kind of service!