terrible food and the manager was shockingly rude when I tried to return my food. I had the frogs legs and they were rubbery and tasted awful. I was disgusted by her behavior and she should be ashamed of herself. I have never been treated more horribly by someone.Worst of the worst. Ordered three items and waited 40 minutes for the barbecued shrimp to come out. Told me the others were on the way. 10 more minutes and a small plate of rice came out as the Jambalaya. Asked what was supposed to be in the dish- chicken and sausage. No sign of either (or the catfish Poboy).  Finally gave up and asked for a refund which took another 10 minutes and refunded the wrong amount- at which point we had enough.  Stay away!!The food is disgusting. We watched the cook microwave all the food. Never go here. I didn't even eat the food2 stars for gumbo, 1 for the blandest, bleakest serving of red beans & rice ever! Really how hard is it to make red beans & why would you serve this NO fare without any seasoning at all? Don't waste time or money on this placeUnacceptable wait for food. After ordering and paying, were told they were out of bread for poboys, so refunded then ordered and paid again for etoufee. We were given the wrong food and had to wait even longer for our correct order. The crawfish etoufee was rubbery with a strong unpleasant aftertaste. Pass this place by folks!Ordered the gator bites and creole potatoes. Was told to wait and 15 minutes later I got my plate. The gator was just so tasty and the creole potatoes were awesome too. Have to add that their BBQ Sauce was really delicious. Reading all the bad reviews really makes me wonder if I was at the same place. The service was more than friendly and I left a happy person. 5 stars for some really good food!Fun spot in the lively French Market. Food was good. Service was a bit spotty at the counter, but not bad at all. HUGE menu full of inspired choices.#chifoodie #NOLAtourism #foodtourism #blackownedbusiness #blackbiz Highest rating.  Eating at this cafe in the middle of the flea market was the most pleasant surprise of our trip.  We had a Thanksgiving breakfast.  We sat at the counter-- 5 of us including 2 kids.  The staff was loving, called everybody darlin'.  I ordered vegetarian red beans and rice and cornbread.  My cousin had the greens.  Becuase she was sitting next two me I had both.  Delicious does not describe this place.  It felt like each plate was made with love.  The red beans and rice were simple and flavorful.  The counter offers a variety of hot sauces to chose from.  I chose the Chipotle with was a perfect paring.  The greens were tender, but not mushy filled garlic and spices.  The cornbread was my dessert.  It was a big hunk, soft and not too sweet.  Afterwards we shopped in the spice emporium and came away with the chipotle and the scotch bonnet hot sauces.  Our only regret of our trip is not returning to this place.  Highly, highly recommend.By far THE best shrimp and grits I've ever had. Stopped by just to pick up some spices. The staff was so professional and knowledgeable and steered me in the right directions. I even picked up some cooking tips. Was so happy with their service I decided to try their food. So happy I did. Glad I made the stop and I will be back for sure. And when I run out of their spices at home I can re-up on Amazon!They say that there is no bad place to eat in N.O.  Wrong! I found it. I payed $15.95 for a shrimp poboy and what I got was a sloppy French roll with a few shrimp(about the size of a nickle) and some lettuce. So disappointing. This was the most expensive poboy I've had all week and it was pathetic. Buy spices from this place, but do yourself a favor; walk a few spaces down and get a real poboy!The creole breakfast bowl. Not a fan of breakfast, usually don't eat it. But this was amazing. I'll be dreaming of this for months until I come back.We walked up to the counter and the lady said there was a long wait. We decided to go for a walk down Frenchman and return a little later. When we got back there was no line and we ordered. We had the Gator bites and Creole potatoes. Was it fancy? No. Was it good? Yes? We were actually surprised how good the food was coming out of this little shack. Maybe it's not for everyone, but neither is New Orleans.The line was long, the menu had a lot of options, so we stopped for some food. The line moved slowly, but not horribly. The wait for food to come out was ridiculous. We waited about 45 minutes before we got one dish from our order. It took about 15 more minutes to get the remaining 4 items. They said that 'stuff is ready at different times,' which I understand, but I'm pretty sure there would be a giant pot of grits and rice (as I write this, I realize we never got our order of dirty rice). 
The grilled soft shell crab sandwich was basically just a grilled soft shell with no meat on a big roll. 
Shrimp and grits with cheese and gravy was good, jambalaya was great, but for $4 extra for shrimp on it, I'd hope for more than 3 pieces of shrimp. Boudine 'sausage' was also good.The service is not that good here :( we came from CA and wanted to try the food from New Orleans. the staff was impatient, rude and pushy. I would definitely not come back. Save your money and go elsewhereGreat food. Great service. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in New Orleans. The alligator po'boy was amazing!Service is extremely slow, and my shrimp po-boy was more like a tomato sandwich. Not enough shrimp for $15.95. Super disappointed. Highly recommend against.Don't eat here! Worse dining experience I had in NOLA. To begin with, they're severely understaffed. This resulted in not only a long wait to order and be served your food at their lil bar stools, but also the food was cold. I had the jambalaya, which tasted like it was straight out of a Zatarran's box, which is fine if you weren't paying $10 for it. My mom had the grilled shrimp poboy. Much to her dismay the shrimp was not grilled and it was not large shrimp, but rather small baby shrimp. We never got a refill on our diet coke nor were we given water. Whatever you do, don't waste your money here at this tourist trap. There are plenty of other eateries to experience local fareStopped by to try their "Food Network approved" creole seafood gumbo. Don't do it - it's extremely fishy and flavorless. Also tried the Cajun Dirty Rice which had almost no flavor despite being a nice shade of dark brown. Walk past here and go to one of the many other shops in the French Market.OMG, OMG, OMG.  The seafood gumbo with okra is great!  Spicy as heck (yesss! )and they give you a humongous amount of gumbo when ordering a cup. Really,  a cup is a bowl portion and a bowl is a pot portion. Awesome hot sauces too!A great stop in the middle of the French Market. The seafood gumbo was delicious. My sister got alligator kebabs. Had a bite of my mom's jambalaya and it was tasty. Basically, anything you order at this walk-thru cafe will be fantastic.LOCATION- Located in the French Market, N'awlins Cafe and Spice Emporium definitely catches the eye. They sell racks and racks of hot sauces and spices, but also have a booth-like "restaurant" with local, gamey food such as gator sausages and burgers. 
SERVICE- Sorry not sorry, but this is where the one star heavily comes in. Two Asians walk into N'awlins... and how does that joke finish? Oh wait, it wasn't a joke because it happened in real life. I'll tell you how it went down. A handful of other parties were served before us, so not only did we wait a long time to put our orders in, but it also took forever and a day for us to get our food! By the time we finished our food and paid, the market was literally closing and daylight was gone. 
FOOD- It was ok. Definitely a bit on the oiler side, especially the fries. I ordered the gator burger because they ran out of gator dogs (womp). I finished it all, but I think the variety of hot sauces available made it more exciting and yummy than it would have been plain. Couldn't really taste that it was gator, but the idea of it was cool, I guess. 
Wouldn't come back to this market to eat food. Service is too slow and the food does not justify the long wait. Maybe get spices here, but there is also a Pepper Palace next to the entrance of the market...Horrible experience. Waited over 30 minutes and paid $14 for one crab po-boy that was basically bread and a poor excuse for garnish. Would recommend staying away from this place at all cost . Save your money and eat better next door at other vendors.buyer beware-300% markup on cafe du monde 12 ct keurig coffee $23!!! no receipts given!!! at cafe du monde they charge $8!!! cafe du monde has been alerted & i'm alerting better business bureau asap. i will personally boycott this pathetic excuse for an establishment that takes advantage of consumers & gives the french market a
bad name!Excellent crawfish pie and po boys. Located in the French Market with a Counter to sit and eat. Very very nice lady at the counter talks to everyone so it's a bit slow. They deliver too.I wanted to love this place. The biggest sign in the middle of the counter touted a crab stuffed avocado!! NOPE, big nope. They were out of that, and alligator. I love crawfish so I told the rude woman rolling her eyes at everyone in her slowest pace, I'd try the crawfish stuffed potato. What I actually got was a crab cake mashed up on top of a brownish colored, not all the way cooked, potato with a packet of sour cream. Food at Disneyworld was better. Yuk. Keep walking.The Creole breakfast bowl was absolutely delicious a little bit on the salty side and ask about all the ingredients if you don't eat certain meats. Bread was fresh, will visit again!Waited over 25min for my order which was inedible  when I got it. Avoid this place at all costs.Horrible, horrible service. Waited over 45 minutes for the food to come out, when told 20 minute wait. After confronting the owner, not a word of apology but, this is what he said..."do you want the food to come out raw." Food was not great at all. Never coming back here again. Not worth the wait at all.Mary B -- 1 star  Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! Worst place we ate at in New Orleans!
December 31, 2014 · 
This is from my facebook wall on July 6, 2015 The owner was rude, and hostile, a very unpleasant conversation,  I would NOT recommend this eatery ever!!!!
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium 
The Lady who ate at my restaurant please call me and tell me what was wrong please
July 6,2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
MY FAMILY have been DOING BUSINESS FOR FOUR GENERATIONS I'M THE THIRD GENERATION TRAINING THE 4TH GENERATION. SO IN SAYING THAT WE KNOW WHAT WE ARE DOING
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium 
CALL MY CELL 504-214-9210 ARTHUR O.HUMPHREY JR. PRESIDENT / CEO FOR 45 YEARS, CREOLE BORN N RAISED
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
We don't do fried foods we do sautéed Creole entrées big difference.
July 6, 2015
World Famous N'awlins Cafe' & Spice Emporium
I see you're from Kanas big difference in foods between Kanas and N'AWLINS LOUISIANA
July 6, 2015
Mary B  
WOW!  After 6 months you decided to comment on my review...asking me to call you, so I do, and what happens I am not allowed to explain to you what was wrong with my meal, am told that I am jealous of you as a business owner and then you tell me F**K YOU! ...and hang up! What a PROFESSIONAL, CLASSY, WELL MANNERED, SOUTHERN GENTLEMAN! My Review STANDS, WE HAD HORRIBLE SERVICE, OVER AN HOUR TO GET OUR FOOD AFTER WE ORDERED, THEN WHEN WE GOT OUR FOOD IT WAS COLD AND DISGUSTING HAD TO THROW MOST OF IT AWAY!!!
July 6, 2015
Mary B
And MY HOME being in KANSAS has nothing to do with the fact that we received poor service and disgusting food....
July 6, 2015Not bad for the French market, but a little pricy. Soft shell crab sandwich was surprisingly good. Nice bread, excellent fry, overall very tasty.Don't make this spot the only place to try local specialties. 
Cool souvenir shop, but the food is subpar especially for the price.Found this place just before heading home and I really wish I had found it sooner... This is by far the best food I had in New Orleans! Yum yum yum! Great food and great service for a good price! I will be back!So many questions why this place is still in business. Here's a handful:
1) Your signs advertise pancakes, your menu says pancakes, but you don't have pancakes? What DO you have?
2) You can't find the crab? One does not simply, loose crabs. Does that mean you don't use crab much? I probably shouldn't order this then. Oh good, you found the crab! That only took 40 mins. No need to apologize for being slow. It has only been an 45 mins since we ordered and I'm starving. Thanks for making us wait 45 mins for our overcooked, over-seasoned (or inexplicably under-seasoned, see below) , overpriced food. 
3) OH MY GOD THERE IS A MAGGOT IN THE SEASONED SALT. HOW DOES A LIVING CREATURE MAKE A HABITAT OUT OF SODIUM?! Thanks for apologizing and trying to make things right by giving me a free shirt. Next time, try a little cleanliness. 
In conclusion: menu and signs are misleading and do not reflect what they actually serve, servers are indifferent and slow, the food is not great (simultaneously too salty and not salty enough!) and there are bugs in the seasoning. There's too many places to eat in New Orleans that are worth the calories. This, sadly, is not one of them.Amazing, great food at a really good price. The BBQ shrimp is as good as any restaurant in the city, regardless of price or reputation.
We had 2 BBQ shrimp dinners and 2 bowls of gumbo...Did I mention that the gumbo is excellent as well?
Many thanks to the owner, and great staff in making our meal the most memorable of our trip!I rarely give one star reviews. But in this case, it's more than merited. 
We strolled through the French Market in New Orleans during Mardi Gras, and it was fairly busy, but definitely not overcrowded. My wife and I wanted to try something authentically New Orleans, so we chose the N'awlins Cafe. They were serving all sorts of Cajun/Creole food, and had tons of pictures with celebrities eating there, so we felt good about the decision. 
Boy were we wrong.
We ordered our food, gumbo and a burger, after a few minutes of sitting down. I waited 5 minutes before having to go to the bathroom (it WAS Mardi Gras, right?). So I trekked the 5 or so blocks back, waited in line, yadda yadda yadda, and walked back. All of that taking about 20 minutes. No food had arrived. Right when I got back, two women sat next to us and ordered. As we waited longer and longer, food was flying out of the kitchen. After another 10-15 minutes, the people next to us who had ordered when I got back, received their food. Finally my wife said something, and after re-taking our order it seemed, the food came out of the kitchen after another 5 minutes. All in all about 30-40 minutes of waiting for already cooked gumbo and a burger. 
I can usually forgive things like that, had they said it was busy, that they'd forgotten the ticket, or whatever the case might be. 
But what can't be forgiven is the taste of the food, which was the worst that I had in 4 days in New Orleans. The gumbo was a tiny portion for $7, watery, and with an inedible skinny crab claw on top. My wife's burger was a downright disgrace though. I can make a better burger with a frozen patty from Costco. It was miniature in size, and about as hard as a frisbee. We should've given it back like we saw a few others do, but didn't want to wait another 45 minutes to get something that may or may not have been worse.#PoopInShrimp Store manager is rude. Hope this lessens the 2 star ratings... Poop poop poop it's awfulThe food here is OK at best. The waitress was very nice. Now I ordered a Fried Aligator PoBoy ($18.00) WHAT!!! The sandwich was average size cut in half and of course only half had any actual meat on it. The meat was tough, and if you didnt order any gumbo to dip your bread, then your jaws will get a good workout. My suggestions, venture away from the french market, bourbon street to some other non-tourist areas. I promise you will receive better quality food, at reasonable prices. So dissapointed!!! $18.00 for a 8" inch at best sandwich. Ridicoulous!!Waited over 25min for my order which was inedible  when I got it. Avoid this place at all costs. Places like  this give New Orleans a bad reputation.We had the world famous gumbo and were disappointed.   It was not bad but I had better gumbo a lot of times in places that were not famous for it.Its nothing special, it said "famous", but that may have been a long time ago when that was declared.Wrong place to try authentic local food and dishes. We've tried the Gator bites (usually love them) which were overpriced $10 but more importandly very tough and disgusting. Must have been an old Gator lol. I will leave a picture. We rather left it than eating. Wish I had read some of the other bad reviews before. It's a tourist trap at french market and would never survive anywhere else with those dishes.They advertise themselves as
"Authentic Creole Cuisine.  Cajun and Creole Spices"
Every kind of hot sauce-baby bottles or medium or large....funny names too...like the Obama Hot Sauce which states, "Changing The Country One Drop at a Time!"
Hurricane mix to bring home, seafood boil with a play on a raccoon and alligator throwing a crawfish in a pot (as they are also cooked in spices in a pot in Louisiana too!)
Playing cards with drink recipes, crawfish pencils.....need I continue-everything is fun albeit a bit expensive.
It is located in the French Market and has an eating area attached.This place is always my stop for my spice needs before I hit the road back to Tennessee. It's family owned for over 40 years and is still booming. Stop through and see Z and his lil bro whenever you are in NOLA.Ordered the shrimp po'boy and creole potatoes. 25 minutes later I had the most disappointing culinary experience since I've been in town. The shrimp was cooked beautifully and that's the only positive thing I can say. I asked for everything on it and received shrimp on toasted bread with some shredded iceberg and four slivers of pickles. I will not be eating here again.Bad service and bad food. It took them 30 minutes to prepare Meatballs and Spaghetti and the taste was not good. Even the Shrimp PoBoy was bad: undercooked and small!Pro: 
-sweetest lady helped me with ordering. 
Con: 
-I've had better gator in Pensacola. 
-The jambalaya rice tasted like it went bad. It had that off sour taste that food gets when it goes bad. 
-The gator burger was more like a sausage than anything. 
I'll come back to try something else though.DO NOT EAT HERE! There are so many other options in the area. We ordered a soft shell crab and gator burger. Waitress asks if I want cheese. I say no. A shrimp po boy comes out and she insists I ordered it. 30 minutes later other and many customers who ordered after us already orders, receives food and finishes eating before us. We complain and she says it will be out in a couple minutes. We end up just leaving with the shrimp po boy on the counter and soft shell crab ready "in a couple minutes." The other worker was equally as rude. Thanks "Tacquira M" for showing us what horrible customer service and crappy food looks like.Wow. Waited forever for the food just to get a half full bowl of seafood gumbo for $9+. There was barely any seafood. Didn't see a single sausage as advertised lol. Waste of money. Would not recommend. What a rip off. My friend got the okra gumbo and it came out cold...after she waited even longer than I did. I should have checked the reviews before I decided to eat here. Shame on me. Gumbo was ok but for what you pay it's a complete sham. Paid .50 extra for crab thinking I was getting crab meat. They threw in a crab leg...Find somewhere else to eat. STAY FAR AWAYOverpriced. We ordered Cajun jambalaya, side of potatoes and seafood gumbo. Sizes are so small. Paid $28+ for all these three items. It is like a tasting. I can't even call that it was a full dish. Avoid this place at all costs. Side of potatoes were $4.50 alone and you can see the size in the picture.Do not eat here run far away! It's too expensive the red beans and rice is nasty,  the shrimp creole is worst and there is no refunds !!!!Discovered this place on our last day in New Orleans in the French Market, but wish we found it sooner! They had everything in New Orleans we wanted to try and everything was soooo good and reasonably priced! Service was so sweet, patient and fast, if we weren't out of money by then I would have spent hundreds there.....lol! A must try while in New Orleans!I had the lobster poboy which sounded great but ended up being about two tablespoons of lobsters amongst a cup or two of trinity (onions, celery, green peppers) and I'm not a huge fan of trinity....and have never seen anyone put it on a poboy.  Seems to have been filler.  I think it was $15 as well, which would be fine if it was full of lobster.Don't ever eat from here they don't clean their seafood!!! And they won't even replace their garbage food they give you if you don't like it which seems to be common hereOMG. We thought this placed was going to be soooo cool because it had all these "swamp" food on the menu and all the Cajun style food but we were very, very,  DISAPPOINTED. We waited 51 minutes for our food and we don't even wait that long at a NICE restaurant. Definitely very touristy and very unorganized. The food was whatever, the jambalya was undercook and was basically was like scrap food, poorly put together. The table next to us whisper "this is like slave food!" when they ordered a plate similar to ours. Lobster poboy was all bread and not enough meat. For 51 minute wait time, you would think it would be a little better. Awful touristy place.  DO NOT GO! There are better joints near by!My first time in New Orleans, and I was told by friends who have been here before, to come to the french market and must have the voodoo burger in the world famous Nawlins. It's hot in new orleans and everything is in walking distance. You can practically ask any local how to reach the French market or even use Google Maps walking distance to show you how to get there. Anyway, best burger I've had!! Two regular patties and one jalapeno Patty comes with pepper Jack cheese and two strips of bacon. I love spicy food and in new orleans that is what you will find. I add all the toppings plus it also comes with jalapeno peppers and wow! So good! Ask for Z who is the main cook of the place and give him a shout out!! You will no be disappointed!!! YummyDisclaimer:  this is only for the spice shop portion of the shop, not the cafe hot food.
I really loved this spice emporium. Yes, it does have all the touristy stuff that can probably found in any other spice shop within the French Quarter, but these prices were slightly cheaper, and also the selection was very wide. They also have a lot of hot sauces to choose from that are local to the area, which my fiance went nuts over.
I've only tried one spice so far, which was the Mardi Gras Party Chip Dip Mix. I would HIGHLY recommend this one. I actually came to NOLA about 8 years ago, remembering eating this particular chip dip from my food walking tour (as well as my family). My mom had bought that mix at that time, and it was so good. I bought it again this trip to NOLA, and just made it again recently for a dinner party, and everyone went WILD. The recipe only requires sour cream and mayo, and about a tablespoon of the spice mix. The spice mix you buy is about 1/4 cup worth, so it yields a lot of future chip dips. Such an amazing spice mix, I can't wait to make it again in the future!!!!
Anyway, all in all, great spice shop for those just shopping for spices or hot sauces in the French Quarter.If you don't have 1.5 hour to wait and eat don't come here.  They did refund 1 meal but doesn't make up for giving our meals away.  On another note.  The lady was super sweet & apologized.This place is the bomb!!!!!
we came from the 305 MIAMI
to eat the worlds famous voodoo burger and it was awsome.. Here at the french market place u must come here if u are in N.O.!!!!!
The staff n cooks are awsome
thank for the experience
Ask for owner Mr.Zee.... and take a picture great guy!!!!!Worst meal I had the entire weeklong visit to NOLA... I didnt even think it was possible to have bad food in this city. And I'm kicking myself because I didnt check yelp before I ordered here. Ugh. The one time I don't check reviews. Wasted $20. How do you mess up a po boy? Shrimp was cold. The bread was stale and hard. I returned it once. They brought it back out... shrimp was a little warmer but honestly they prob just zapped it in the microwave for 45 seconds. I proceeded to look at my $20 lunch in disgust.  Left it on the table and went to another vendor for something else instead. I wouldn't even be so mean as to give this to a homeless person on the street. 
Unreal that this place is still in business. Save yourself and keep walking they the french market. Horrible representation of NOLA. Please tell me why this place has "world famous " in its name?In the French market , this is my spot I always come here for southern food, best gumbo, Cajun food in town. The lady (Andrea )is nice and and the food is pretty authentic! Love this place I always come back for more!My voodoo burger was great, the spicy lobster poboy was lacking in lobster ad spice, and we waited a REALLY long time for our food.Best food ever. 1st time in Nawlins and decided to eat here. Very filling. Food was seasoned great and tasted exceptional. Must eat here!HANDS DOWN MOST delicious breakfast bowl I have ever had! I had the creole breakfast bowl with eggs over easy, sausage, and red gravy and I will be going back tomorrow morning for another one before leaving on Saturday. This little gem is located in the French Market, along with the spice shop directly next door. The woman taking our order was super friendly and we enjoyed our overall experience so much. I would HIGHLY recommend N'awlins Cafe if you are in the French Quarter!The over priced tamales were frozen in the middle and the gumbo was thin and flavorless.  Won't go back.Got the shrimp po boy...$15 for stale bread and a few shrimp with 3 slices of potato. The girl serving us treated us like she didn't want us there. I'd go down the way to Mother Natures cupboard instead. Never coming back here.Worst place in New Orleans terrible service and terrible  food !  PO boy bread is rock hard no meat and crappy toppingsIf I could rate zero I would. Shrimp was not clean; food was served cold; bread was stale.....it was disgusting. It was a waste of $20. Don't bother spending your money at this place. I'm not sure how they are still open.When you're advertising GATOR ON A STICK, it would seem reasonable that your customers are expecting meaty chunks of gator flesh on a stick. Right?
Well, what they don't mention is that it's really more of a gator sausage, and good luck tasting anything but sausage. You know what sausage tastes like, and no matter what meat is inside they all sort of taste similar. Not necessarily bad, but identifying the meat contained within is a fool's task. 
Bummer.This is our first time visiting New Orleans and so far N'awlins has been our favorite spot! We ordered the Cajun Pasta, Sautéed Crawfish Poboy, Gumbo, Gator on a stick, Nawlins Burger, Voodoo Burger, and Sweet Tea! ALL of it was excellent and so flavorful. On top of amazing food, the service was excellent as well. I will definitely be visiting New Orleans again and coming back to N'awlins!Got here just as it opened up.  Ordered a 3 egg omelet with crawfish and they put sautéed onions and cheese on top.  What a treat! Best thing I have had here in NO so far.  Crawfish is almost out of season so I've been taking any opportunity to get some.  In season items always make a meal extra delicious and with the specialty spices here, and stuffed full of veggies it was extra special.  Service is at a counter and the waitress was ver polite and quick. Picked up a few things in the spice racks to take home hoping that I will be able to recreate their spiced home fries in my kitchen. So many other tasty items on the menu, wish I could eat here everyday and try them all.The boudin was our favorite in New Orleans. Flavorful and just so delicious. The alligator sausage kebab was pretty much just okay. We were really excited to try the gator but it just didn't make much of an impression. Awfully slow service from the cooks, but the girl behind the counter was very friendly and very helpful.I cannot believe this restaurant was actually stupid enough to get their business featured in the totally staged Food Network show titled "Mystery Diners." I've been to New Orleans several times, and these people's desperation to get publicity for their restaurant proves that they are NOT worth visiting.Very unorganized. Could tell the employees were getting frustrated with each other because of it. Food good, not great. Had better gumbo other places (The Gumbo Shop for example)Yikes- where do I even start with this place! We ordered the seafood platter, which came to just above $27 with tax. I specifically confirmed that there was no meat in the platter before ordering. Over thirty minutes later (we timed it), we finally get our food, despite people who ordered after us getting their food much sooner. I was told they had just run out of potatoes, so they had substituted the rice side without asking. I was alright with that, but then realized the rice they'd given me had ground meat mixed in. Still, I would have been okay just not eating the side, had the other food come close to what we'd ordered and paid for. However, the 'stuffed crab' consisted of two empty crab shells- no stuffing, and no crab meat! The 'garlic French bread' was a few slices of plain bread. The greens were wilted beyond recognition, and the side salad looked like a container of leftover burger toppings- sliced pickles and tomatoes. Quite frankly, what we were served was embarrassing.
Staff seemed busy, but polite. Unfortunately, that's just not enough to balance out the state of their food. I strongly recommend giving this place a miss.Not worth the money. Flavorless and poor service. We paid $20 for 7 bites of alligator. While every other place we've been in NOLA has been delicious, the "World Famous 'Nawlins Jazz Cafe" is definitely not up to par.Probably the worst service and food that we had on our trip to New Orleans. 30 min wait for a shitty crab pie full of salty ass crab meat and no crust. They didn't tell me they were out of crust until I got the damn thing. While everyone else that ordered after me got their food before me. This place was whack. I shoulda yelped before I could assume that like the rest of the trip the food would be bomb.Best place in New Orleans for authentic creole food!  Its family owned and the entire staff is personable and kind!  Go check it out!Situé dans le "French market" ce petit snack est plutôt mauvais.
Un sandwich à l'alligator à 12$, pain glacé sauce type mayonnaise sans goût, très peu de frites bien grasses, la viande à un goût particulier plutôt agréable, mais petite portion pour le tarif.
Un sandwich au crabe à 14$ pain froid sauce type mayonnaise sans goût idem pour les frites, le crabe est très restreint.
Une attente interminable pour prendre la commande, et de nouveaux pour avoir nos plats. 1h15 entre notre arrivée et l'obtention des plats.
Très mauvaise organisation, hygiène douteuse.
Très facile de trouver mieux à la nouvelle Orléans.
Très cher pour cette médiocre qualité.
Je ne recommande pas.I think it's very over priced for what you get. I got a shrimp poboy and my total was $17 and some change. I thought ok this better be a GREAT poboy. However there were 12 shrimp total on it and a small side of potatoes. I was not impressed.I ordered the tilapia  it came with seasoned Cajun potatoes, and mixed vegetables. So lets break everything down. We went around 11am ish. This was my first time in New Orleans, so i know i needed to try something a little different. I did taste a piece of sausage, i thought it was regular sausage, but it was alligator, it was actually good, it tasted like a regular smoked sausage, minus the spices. it was steaming hot too. Now the tilapia was very fishy aka fresh, well seasoned it was probably grilled or baked, it had wonderful flavor. the Cajun potatoes were good all so, here is were the problem lays... those mixed vegetables. those mixed vegetables.... i dont know who they thought they were fooling... but they didnt fool me, those vegetables were the frozen kind! i know they were