we met up with some friends and were going to see a show at the Rock & Bowl. We went to Ye Olde College Inn, as we had read great reviews. Not so much....I don't know if we were there on a bad night, but it was a subpar meal at best. For starters I ordered the onion rings and our friends got salads. The onion rings were the best part of the meal- perfectly fried and stacked in a fun tower. The salads were average. I tried the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po boy, which was good, but not great. I didn't remember to ask for it dressed and it wasn't offered, so maybe that would have helped. My husband got the veal cutlet, which didn't impress him much, either.  My friends ordered a side of fries that was so cold and undercooked that we had to ask for them to be replaced.This place was incredibly tasty.  I got the "crawfish delacroix" and ate every bite.  The waitress was really nice, and hooked us up with some free dessert, which was amazing as well.  They have Abita Turbodog and Abita Amber on tap, and I got both.  I went with a regular so she knew a lot of people there so it appeared to have a "homely" feeling associated with it at the bar. The ambiance is nice as well as the wall is decorated with various decor from past decades.  The prices are a bit high though.  Certainly recommend this place!Nice little spot away from the hustle of downtown. Atmosphere is great with a bar area with plenty of seats. 
Cocktails were stout...especially the old fashion. Appetizers came out and I was a little put back by presentation, and the taste was so so. Then the enter came out... Wow!! One of the best meals I've had so far. The special was the pecan crusted fish. It truly made up for the lack luster oyster appetizer. 
Overall, I'll be going back for moreWent on a Saturday night,busy but no wait for a table.Service was polite but very,very slow.Food was just ok,but it was definately a local crowd.We did order from a section of the menu that got us 10 bucks off of our cover to see Kermit Ruffins next door at Rock and Bowl.Kermit was also eating there,so that was kinda cool,What a great find. Truly a locals place with amazing food. Fairly limited, but adequate wine list. We had the crawfish Delacroix and the special
Seafood entree of the evening. The portions are massive - we ended up taking 1/2 home. Try it out! It's an Uber or taxi from the French Quarter but so worth it!I have SEVEN food allergies and the chef here was willing to go out of his way to buy and prepare ingredients so I could come here and have a real, home-cooked Southern meal.  It was excellent.  Hubby and I really enjoyed our whole visit.  Super cute garden guarded by Jesus and Mary next door.  The hostess was super friendly and made us feel very welcome.  Our waiter was knowledgeable and also great.  Thank you for a great time!I liked this place because you could tell as you walked in the door that this place has some history to it. In a place like Ye Olde College Inn...I always ask the waiter "What will I be missing out on if I don't get it?". My bow-tie sporting waiter recommended the hamburger steak because they their beef from 100% grass-fed cows from a local farm nearby. This seemed like something that I shouldn't pass up. Unfortunately, it was nothing special. If I could do it over...I'd get some Cajun food. When I went I was flying solo; I feel like this would be a cool spot to go on a date night...just wasn't awesome enough for me.We ate here our 2nd night inNew Orleans.  We went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  Super inviting atmosphere.  Ordered "fresh" catch of the day for one of the entrees.  We joked that it might have been fresh at one time but certainly not today.  Shame on me for not sending it back.  It was that bad.  Shrimp and grits tasted good but again it seemed maybe not as fresh as it could have been.  Crawfish etouffee was good.  Kids enjoyed the hamburger steak.I definitely have to update to 5 stars - this is one of my all time favorite places!!! I feel so good here - the atmosphere is great - the staff is spot on, & the FOOD, OH THE FOOD!!!! SO GOOD!!! always SO GOOD!!! I have brought guests here & it is ALWAYS a big hit!! Each & every dish I have is full of flavor & exciting - I love the house salad - unique & tasty - not just a chuck of iceberg on a plate but a symphony of lettuce, yellow squash, gorgeous tomatoes  in a delightful dressing!! gorgeous!
I have had the Fresh Catch (AWESOME), the Light & Healthy Broiled Fish -(FANTABULOUS) & the Lamb Shank (TO DIE FOR!!) & on a splurge went for the fried bread pudding po-boy - OHMYGOSHSOGOOD!!! others have had a raved about the fried green tomato shrimp romoulade po-boy, the crawfish delacroix, shrimp & stone ground grits, gumbo etc - it's all so good!!! love it!!
fantabulous place!! keep up the good work ya'll!!!Don't be fooled by the exterior and location. I've had several people tell me that they thought this was a college bar. It's more casual upscale dining and happens to be affiliated with the RocknBowl next door. 
I'm so glad that my friend had a gift certificate! Good excuse to discover a great place. The gift certificate was neat in itself because it offered food at the restaurant with bowling and cocktails at the RocknBowl. I think that duo gift certificate would be a great gift.
Walking in, I met my friends at the nice-sized bar. I was underwhelmed by the beer selection, pretty basic. (Owners let me know if you add Hoegaarden to the menu, and I'll take this part out of the review ;)) Nice people gathered around tasting wine and appetizers. 
This was a Tuesday night. We had reservations and were seated promptly. Our server Joe was awesome. He was cheerful, very attentive and always had a smile on his face. His skills shined when he described the Mahi Mahi special. We all thought it sounded divine because he took the time to described all of the ingredients, the way it was cooked, and exactly how it was presented. Two people at that table ordered the dish and were extremely pleased.  Enough about Joe.
My friend and I decided to order four appetizers; onion rings, gumbo, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and fried oysters with blue cheese on a bed of lettuce. I'll order the oysters every time that I return because they were a treat. Cooked perfectly so that you could still taste the oyster inside. As for the gumbo, dark roux makes my heart smile. I can't believe I've never attempted to make gumbo myself, but when I do it better taste like this. Not that it was the best ever, but it wasn't overcooked and tasted like homemade.
Every thing was good, and Joe even brought out their signature dessert with a candle for my friend's birthday, fried bread pudding. We decided it was bread pudding with a fennel cake on top. Everyone adored it. I, on the other hand, don't like bread pudding so that was that.
I will definitely return, probably with out-of-towners that want sample some New Orleans delicacies.I had the chicken fried steak po boy, added fried green tomatoes and a side of gravy. It was delicious. My husband raved about the crawfish Delacroix and said he could've eaten two plates.OMG so happy to have rediscovered this gem during last trip to jazz fest.  Haven't been there since the 80s when I lived in NOLA.  it was so good we went two nights in a row.This is the first restaurant that me and my bf visitted on our trip to new orleans. It definitely did not dissapoint. We got referred here by a family friend and we were glad that it made the cut. Coming from memphis, we knew the seafood in NOLA is on another level. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese, it was great. But it didnt really stood out. The lobster was not juicy. It kind of tasted like dried lobster. We ordered the bbq shrimp. That was really good. They really flavored the broth well. It goes well with the shrimp but too overwhelming with the bread. The portion is small and it is a little pricey so keep that in mind. For entree we ordered the fish of the day special. We loved it! Fresh and well flavored. Lastly we had the fried bread pudding which is also very good but i would ask them to separate out the glaze since it made the bread pudding lose its crunchy texture. Overall, would come back for the bread pudding and the fish.Always superb. My main dish is typically the cartwright filet- can't go wrong. The mojitos!!! I prefer the blueberry one but they are all delicious! Of course, make sure you snack on their onion rings before your main arrives!! So good.
If you're sensitive to sound, I would not recommend this place.Yes, it's a hokey name, but go anyway. Solid menu with several stand-outs, including shrimp and gouda grits, fried green tomatoes with shrimp remoulade, and gumbo. (In retrospect, I wish someone at our table had ordered the duck!) Possibly a tad pricier than one might expect, but our party of eight (including three well-behaved little boys) was so pleased with our adventure beyond the French Quarter that we didn't notice. Extra points for outstanding Christmas decorations.Got the catch of the day: crawfish with creole and corn. It was cooked juicy and corn was good. Fish on top is kinda fishy: leaves a fishy taste and you will need gum afterwards. The Mac and cheese thing we got for appetizer. Delicious! Sat at 8:30- got food at 9:30pm. Yep- wait shucksMy girlfriend and I ate at this place a couple months ago. The staff was nice, and when I didn't like the soup the bartender suggested because it tastes sour(spoiled), he didn't charge me for it, and brought me a chicken and sausage gumbo instead. This gumbo tasted like it was out of a campbell's soup can. The appetizer of bbq'd shrimp that cost 10 bucks came with four medium-sized shrimp, and the sauce was too salty and thick. They gave us a some kind of complementary bread pudding for the rotten soup which wasn't too bad, and is the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars.This place probably has one of the best Mac n cheese I have ever eaten! It blew my mind.. Now on to everything else. We ordered a cheese plate that included 3 cheeses (don't remember the kind) and 2 meats (prosciutto & salami). I wish it would have came with toast or cracker. All was good though. For dinner we orders the lemon pepper Chicken, puppy drum (special), and a sprout salad. All was perfectly cooked and everyone enjoyed. Finally peach cobbler à la mode and fried poor-boy bread pudding for dessert. Amazing!!New Orleans is the happiest place on earth!  My tummy is singing right now.  To be honest, I don't think we would have made it here if we weren't going to rock'n'bowl.  About a 1/2 hour wait, but no problem with a cocktail for me and giant Jenga outside for my son.  Chicken livers, oysters with blue cheese, and fried green tomatoes awesome.  Entrees we had were outstanding;  a wedge of iceberg lettuce with fried oysters served with a steak knife, gumbo with kale, mustard greens and spinach, BBQ shrimp with oh so savory sauce, and a basic burger that my son said "rocks my jaw open".  Well worth the wait, whether you're bowling or dancing to zydeco afterwards.This was a bust. Walking in, we were made to feel we were an inconvenience to the hostess, like she was tired of having to seat people. After being seated, we waited about 5 minutes for someone to come to our tabke, then finally just had to flag someone down. 
The thing is, they were fully staffed and only maybe a third full. 
After flagging down a server, they told us they would be back in a minute, and never came back. 
So we got up and left. Never got drinks, never got menus, as the staff seemed preoccupied by their conversations going on at the host stand and back in the corner.
No worries, because we found some good food down the road at another restaurant.I've driven by this place countless times and always assumed it was a divey, college, pub-fare sort of place, probably because there was a place of the same name just off campus in my college town. And that place was nasty.
But, I was in for a pleasant surprise with this Ye Olde College Inn. Met friends for dinner and was seated immediately (6:30 pm reservation on a Saturday night). Promt, friendly service in a nice open space.
We had the shrimp, fried green tomatoes and remoulade appetizer and I could have licked my plate it was so good. The poboy of the same name was massive - easily dinner and lunch for the next day. I had the catch of the day and would easily have it again. A week later, I couldn't tell you exactly what I had so it wasn't that memorable, but no complaints.Terrible service. Long wait. Seated in the back right next to the kitchen which is open. Server was terrible forgot about us many times. Food was just ok. When asked to try a draft beer server brought me a whole glass and charged me full price even though I only took one sip and didn't like it. Server killed this meal and the food just wasn't good enough to save it.Excellent service from a totally fun and friendly waiter Jonathan. Great food. Loved the fried green tomatoes, shrimp and grits, sprout salad and strawberry mojitos.The Poboy just seems like a necessary step when you come to visit New Orleans. And what better po boy to try but one that has received notoriety? 
Ye Olde College Inn happened to be only a few minutes from the apartment that I was staying at, so it was very lucky for me. The place looks kind of small but is much larger on the inside. We were immediately seated, and given menus, but we already knew what we wanted to order. 
We decided to share the crawfish macaroni and cheese($12), as well as the fried green tomato and shrimp remoulade Poboy($16). The sandwich was huge so we got it split between the two of us and that was more than enough. 
I honestly did not know that shrimp remoulade was supposed to be cold, but the surprise was rather nice. The baguette was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, and the fried green tomatoes provided a nice and crisp little touch to the sandwich. 
I did not care too much for the crawfish macaroni and cheese. The noodles were al dente, but they were little under seasoned. The crawfish was quite abundant though and I did enjoy the creamy sauce. 
Our charming waiter insisted that I try the fried bread pudding($7), and though I was a little full, I did get it to go. He even came by to show me the proper method for pouring the rum sauce over the bread pudding, and that it had to be eaten in the next 25 minutes for the optimal taste. I took his warning to heart, and got a second wind by the time we made it back to the apartment. The bread pudding was crispy on the outside, and so soft and moist on the inside. Absolutely delicious, and I don't even like raisins!
I suggest trying this place at least once, and I'd be happy to try the other entrées on the menu. Next time I might even go bowling.I have been eating College Inn since I was a little girl getting fried chicken at the old buliding. What they have done to revamp it in the new building is the best thing to ever happen to the place. Everything at College Inn is fabulous. This time around I had the Veal Cutlet, which is the same piece of meat on the chicken fried steak poboy. I didn't leave a crumb on my plate,  it came with sauteed spinach and mashed potatoes. Yummmmy stick to your ribs comfort food. Other things I have had here are the fried shrimp and fried green tomato poboy and the fried oyster poboy, there was this delicious duck appetizer with a citrus glaze on the menu that I had once and it was so good, but it wasn't available this time. I would like to see that back on the menu. The heirloom tomato salad is delish and the hamburger steak is so homestyle yummy.I cant forget to mention the killer fried bread pudding. Dont't expect to be friendly to your waistline here, but I love eating at College Inn, always so happy to go there.Biggest portion sizes ever!!! I got the fried green tomato shrimp po'boy and my mother got the pork chop. My picture of the po'boy doesn't do it justice. It was 12" cut in half filled with deliciousness!!! The pork chop was tender and full of flavor. On the side was a very unique jambalaya patty. Whatever's it was it was delicious!!! We started off with their onion rings. Very tasty!!! Overall, I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a nice dinner.We ate there yesterday and had the hamburger steak with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans almondine....it was delicious. Large portion, so we brought the rest home.Sigh... How I LOVED Ye Olde College Inn before Katrina.  It had such a wonderful old school NOLA dive ambiance with two sides consisting of a dining room and a bar room.  I nearly always ate in the bar room as it had such a fantastic old school NOLA "broken in"  and "lived in" feeling to it .  They gave you these great little glasses to pour your beer into and you always got a little lagniappe snack from the kitchen (and you looked directly back into the kitchen when sitting at the bar).  They also used to have one of the most fantastic fried seafood platters in the entire NOLA area.  
Ahhhh how things have changed.  The old site was torn down after severe Katrina flooding and a new and glitzy restaurant took it's place.  The new place attempts to go for a more high end ambiance than the old place and just seems much smaller as it combines the bar and dining areas with the effect that there just doesn't seem to be that old school NOLA dive "feel" anymore and it it wasn't for the pictures and other decorations on the wall you could just be eating nearly anywhere in America from the interior of the place.  
The menu is much smaller with my beloved seafood platter no longer being anywhere in sight.  The food seems to have attempted to go a bit more upscale but it just doesn't seem to be as good to me here as it was before Katrina and I really do miss that old place.  The resurrected, shiny, new Ye Olde College Inn just seems to be a pale reflection of that glorious old dive I loved so much no matter how much glitz they add.  They need to go back to the classic old school dishes that made this place famous back in the day.  We've got plenty of fine dining options in NOLA and I LOVE fine ding but we only have ONE Ye Olde College Inn and I want the classic menu back!New Orleans has a lot of its own peculiarities, such as giving directions as towards the river or towards the lake.  The same is true for businesses and restaurants, often described as "before the storm," or "after the storm," a reference to Katrina.
Ye Olde College Inn, before the storm, had been around since 1933, serving cocktails and localized favorites like po-boys, chicken or pork chops smothered in gravy, and the like.  It had a very regular group of customers for its consistent cuisine and reliability.
In 2003, local entrepreneur (Rock n' Bowl)  John Blancher purchased the restaurant, and gently starting to shape it to his vision, restaurantus interruptus came along with Katrina, which put three feet of water in the restaurant.
Undeterred, Blancher was able to reopen for limited service after a few months, in another property, 30 feet west of the original,  and he hasn't missed a beat (or meal) since.
Ye Old College Inn of today not only features the local favorites, but has also considerably amped up its menu with creative cuisine and locally sourced ingredients.
The nite I visited they were offering a special hamburger, ground in-house from beef tenderloins, capped with seared fois gras and gold leaf, along with fresh-cut fries.  It was superb, as was the service.
 If you're visiting New Orleans, you can hit the restaurant via a pleasure journey on the St. Charles/Carrolton streetcar from the Quarter or Garden District.Mediocre even for an airport restaurant. I ordered the fried green tomatoes and salad (which never came), but the friend green tomatoes were delicious. I sat at the bar and service was ok--margaritas were served pretty quickly, but I had to get my bill corrected when I was charged for the salad that never arrived. I would probably give them another shot next time I come into town and I'll make sure to update my review if it's any better.Just had a wonderful evening celebrating a graduation. Our waiter Michael was fantastic. He remembered the drinks and meal orders of all 15 of us by heart, and divided up the checks with no error and no fuss. The shrimp and grits were great and the shrimp po-boy was large and just right.  This is a great neighborhood restaurant. Ask for Michael!I am sad to report that for the first time ever, I went to this place tonight, on my birthday (when I could have chosen a ton of fabulous places to celebrate. The service was very disappointing. One of our glasses was imprinted with the previous customer's lipstick. Our water glasses stayed on empty. My filet was ordered medium and it came back rare, when I asked them to please fix it, it came out done on the outter edges but still rare on the inside. The green beans and the brussel sprouts were all but raw. The drinks took a long time to come out and it was not during a busy time for the restaurant. The waitress, although she was informed there was a birthday being celebrated, and although it was noted on the reservation....she never regarded it by saying any pleasantries. We spent upwards of $150.00 and was sorely disappointed. No apology or offer to correct any of the issues. It will be a long time before I go back. I am a life long resident of NOLA and I am just sad about this experience.MOST AMAZING EVERYTHING! Went with a group, shared and ate off everything. Group of 6 and we couldn't stop raving! 
Brussel sprouts are amazing. Crawfish Mac and cheese is best Mac and cheese ever. Amazing mash potatoes and BBQ shrimp alsoThe special seafood gumbo was absolutely delicious! I would definitely eat here again!  The charcuterie & cheese board had a nice assortment and was excellent as well. My fresh blueberry mojito really put me over the moon, yum!Ordered onion rings to go.. when I reached home they were about 6-7 thin thin onion strings. not to the least the onion rings I saw served on a stick.
I called no apologies responded that is the way they serve them contrary to the pics I just saw on yelp. Didn't care if I would ever come backHaven't been there in years mostly because they are only open at night and I am usually not in that area at night. So I ordered the chicken fried steak poboy that they always known for, but it wasn't anything like it use to be - it had a very thin crust and grizzle in the meat - so disappointed. They use to have a better grade meat and fluffy crispy fried crust. What happened?  I do believe they should open for lunch at least one day a week and have some lunch specials and bring back the original chicken fried steak sandwiches. The service and the waiter was excellent. Very friendly and quick service. The chicken fried steak taste like the packaged frozen ones you might get at Sam's.This is a really cool spot for a nice, but not hugely expensive, dinner. Loved the shrimp remoulade and fried green tomato po'boy! Wish the bread was a little less substantial, however, the sandwich filling was incredible. The bacon brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly. The corn/green bean side dish had a little bit of a vinegary taste to me, however, that might totally be how it was intended to be. I really appreciate how some of the food is grown in garden next door, and they clearly appreciate seasonal ingredients. 
Both the bread pudding and sticky toffee desserts were 100% incredible. Also, the service was friendly and super efficient. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone!Trying out restaurants and decided to give this a try. The oyster appetizer was DELICIOUS! I had crawfish Delacroix - very good. The atmosphere was friendly and relaxed. On a whim we got the fried bread pudding and really enjoyed it.  We will definitely be back.Good food, great service, reasonable pricing. Those three equal 4 stars.we go here often. If it's after 6pm... make reservations! We love this place. So typical New Orleans.Old time favourite since the '60's and still a bastion of New Orleans cuisine.  The original classic went away and since the Rufin Brothers have passed on it has been sold and rejuvenated. The menu is limited now but still has offerings of the classical past. I had one of my favourites the shrimp remoulade which was served on a bed of fried green tomatoes, shrimp, and a splash of New Orleans remoulade. I do not compare the present with that past, but this dish is superb and enjoyed it with a wine, and I prefer red with tannin to harmonize with the drops of Crystal hot sauce I like, so I found a nice California Zinfandel. To me, it is nouveau Nouvelle Orleans... Bon appetite et SantéI made my first visit to YOCI last night with my girlfriend and another couple and I will DEFINITELY be back. So good!
Girlfriend knows some of the chefs, who hooked us up with a comped appetizer and dessert, making the meal that much better. The grilled flatbread app featured oxtail and was delicious. The table also shared some fried oysters (topped with blue cheese!) and BBQ shrimp. Both fantastic. The sauce accompanying the shrimp was thick, creamy, and not to be wasted. Good thing it was served with some toasty French bread for dipping. For my main course I had the hamburger steak, which was topped with sauteed onions and brown gravy. Huge portion so I've got some left over for dinner tonight too. And finally, don't leave without sampling the fried bread pudding. 
Bonus: Giant Jenga outside the front door. Check out the pic.
People keep asking me what my favorite restaurant is in NOLA and I've never had an answer. If my next few visits to YOCI are as good as last night's, I'll have a response ready in the future.We just had a wonderful birthday dinner at Ye Ole college Inn! The food was delicious! Everything came out fast and as ordered. We were a big group and our waiter was friendly and super patient, even brought out an extra dessert for the birthday girl.  The scallops special was one of the best dishes I've had in my 6 years in Nola.This restaurant is a gem.Loved this place.  We had my sister's 40th birthday and they could not be more accommodating and nice.  The food is the best I has in New Orleans.  The Shrimp and Grits were amazing.  They also have great PoBoys and fresh salads from their own farm.  
I am so excited they opened one in the airport so I can have one more meal before our trip is over.The "college inn" has a great interior that feels warm and cozy with exposed brick and a lofted seating area. It is comfortable while still being a nicer establishment and it seems that everyone feels welcome here. The crowd was mostly older wealthy-looking patrons with a few groups of younger twenty-thirtish people dressing up for a night out after dinner. But, don't be fooled by the quality or pricing of the food- you could easily dine here in jeans and a sweater and fit in. 
Anyway, less about the ambience..let's get to the food. Meeting a group of people here I wanted to know beforehand if I was going to be able to eat anything they served. So, I called. That's when I found out that no they do not serve anything vegetarian except some of their sides (you could also look up the menu at their website). So, I ate at home and decided to split some desserts. 
While our friends had chicken with coffee grinds rubbed into it and duck in a brown gravy sauce we had two chocolately desserts (my favorite kind). First, the chocolate peanut butter pie for $5.50. Doesn't that sound delicious? And at a good price compared to some of their entrees. But, having made this dish many times in my life I was deeply disappointed by the version here. The dark chocolate crumbly crust was good but the rest was not flavorful and not even worth it. I would never order that again. 
The other dessert item we got was a chocolate caramel something-or-other and was much better. It was oozy and gooey and just the right amount of chocolate and caramel flowing together. This is something to go back for.
But, with literally nothing without meat on the menu and the disappointing dessert item Ye Olde College Inn gets only two stars for ambience and really nothing else. 
It can also be very busy so make reservations (the morning or the day before) and the acoustics are not great so don't bring the hard of hearing here.This is not a place to go with anyone with dietary restrictions. There is NOTHING to eat for vegetarians, and while they made substitutions, and alterations to their menu, the waitress made it clear that she wasn't happy about it. I felt judged and like I was an annoyance to her.
The service was snide, impersonal, and rushed, as in she clear plated without asking while people were still eating off them.
All in all, not for me. Not going back there.Haven't been there in years mostly because they are only open at night and I am usually not in that area at night. So I ordered the chicken fried steak poboy that they always known for, but it wasn't anything like it use to be - it had a very thin crust and grizzle in the meat - so disappointed. They use to have a better grade meat and fluffy crispy fried crust. What happened?  I do believe they should open for lunch at least one day a week and have some lunch specials and bring back the original chicken fried steak sandwiches. The service and the waiter was excellent. Very friendly and quick service.This was bar none- the best meal I had in NOLA. Wanted to dine in a local place and this was perfect. We were the only tourists in the place. Food was superb and fresh- a true farm to table experience.Fun place with excellent and fresh food!  Fried green tomato, oyster Poboy, onion rings, and don't pass up dessert!  Ask the waiter "what's good tonight" and you can't go wrong.  Eat at the bar and really get a huge dose of local flavor from the regulars while watching a baseball game.  Reasonably priced and friendly staff.Great place!  We had a party of 5 and everyone was very happy with this choice.  The menu is mostly seafood, but there are some very good non-seafood alternatives such as the Carrolton Chop which was delicious.  The shrimp and grits was another popular and delicious dish.A must stop when in NOLA. This place did not disappoint. I had one of the best dish in New Orleans, Crawfish Mac n Cheese! I literally licked the bowl. They also have one of the best Shrimp and Grits.JUST AVERAGE - Too much MSG!!!!!!! The food is good until the poison kicks in. It's kind of hit or miss. Too much fusion. Too much packaged seasoning. Trying too hard to change the menu. They need to get back to what made the Inn a N.O. staple - good home type N.O. food.Fried green tomato shrimp remoulade poboy about 14" long. Delicious. Definitely need to split it. Wonderful. Everything our table ordered was fabulous, but the crawfish Mac n cheese was outstanding! Love this place.I was really hoping for more from this place.  I've tried ti 3 times and never once come close to being satisfied.  I'm done.  Service is always pretty crappy, but that's not a deal breaker for me.  Every po-boy I've had has been not worth half of what I paid for it.  I wouldn't recommend eating there.  
This lanes are also some of the worst in the city.  If you're gonna go bowling, go to a real alley.Omgosh,  I came here cause I wanted to try this soft crab dish and it wasn't even on the menu.  The waiter told me its only on special days.  Which I asked how would I know and he just said you have to call.  So I ate the entrees which was not good at all.  Burger steak was dry and tasteless.  The only thing good was their dessert.  Other than that I wouldnt come here again.We went to the airport location in terminal D.lish.us!  After a weekend of heavy eating in New Orleans, I just needed a vegetable or two.  I ordered the tasso greens, which looked so odd when they arrived at the table I thought I might have to send them back. They are clearly cooked in some kind of milk or cream (who does that?!) Lemme tell ya.... so damn good! Likely the best greens I've ever had at a restaurant. I wanted to call the chef out and personally shake his hand, then get the recipe but we had a flight to catch. My margarita owas also weird looking but fantastic. The color was like an electric yellow. But I'd have ordered another one if we had the time. Lastly, I got the crawfish etoufee with red fish. Omg! So much deliciousness in one meal. I was told that their bread pudding was bomb.com but I simply didn't have the room in my stomach or the time. But I'll be back!The Crawfish Delacroix was delicious. The baked fish was perfectly cooked. Topped it off with the fried bread pudding. Service was quick and very friendly. Nice casual atmosphere. Will be back to try the Braised Lamb Shanks!This was a very solid dining experience. The service was prompt, the staff was friendly, and the food was good.  No complaints.  I won't say it was a meal that blew me away, but it was just the right thing for a Friday night out. It's definitely on the rotation for dinner options while in New Orleans. While a little pricier than the average pub, it does kind of have that familiar, cozy feel of a place where you can warm up with a hot dish and a beer. I definitely recommend it.Saturday evening for dinner.  My first visit.  This is not, as noted in other reviews, an "all-you-can-drink" college bar.  This is the place your parents take you when they are visiting.
If you are driving anything lower than a SUV, you might want to take it easy pulling into the parking lot.  
Nice atmosphere, eclectic crowd.  Bar area is well stocked, clean and organized.  Nice fixtures and furniture.  Interesting memorabilia as wall decorations.  Looks like a good place to watch a football game.   We had great seats at the window.  My only complaint - am I the only person who notices when tables wobble?  They make shims specifically for this purpose.  I know they are pain for the restaurant, but a stable table (that was an accident!) certainly enhances the experience.  
Service was excellent. Friendly, quick and didn't hover.
Menu was not what I expected.  The menu is not that big and doesn't have a lot of the traditional bar foods.  There are several fairly sophisticated (said the chicken wing connoisseur) appetizers and entrees.  I never thought of myself as a picky eater, but I was struggling to find an entree that I really wanted.  I kept migrating to the poboy section.
Somehow, I managed.  I pulled myself from the abyss and ordered an appetizer and an entree. The duck appetizer was delicious, but there wasn't a lot of it. It didn't feel like it was a good value.   It would have been nice to have some bread at the table with it.  Grilled Chicken entree was very good, real mashed potatoes and some fresh, albeit overgrown, asparagus.  The grilled chicken salad was fresh and tasty.  
Plan on $25 per person for dinner.  I'm not sure I would go back for dinner.  I will be back to try one of the po-boys.I had perhaps one of the best meals...ever!
Visiting NO on business and was looking to find a great local spot away from the "Pottersville" ("Its a Wonderful Life" reference ;-) that is The French Quarter.  
The app  special of shrimp and grits rounds (fritters) were served over a (waitress-described) ratatouille in a white sauce that was superb and made me want to lick the plate clean. I keep a list of the best dishes I've ever eaten and this one has now been added to that list. Entree was almost as good...a special of red fish with shrimp, oyster mushrooms, charred tomato and potato veggie hash. It was perfectly cooked with a light, smoky taste.
The atmosphere was casual and comfortable and clearly had lots of natives. Our server, Megan, was so pleasant and friendly, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu.
This was truly an outstanding experience. Loved it!This is a great relaxed but upscale restaurant.  I had the shrimp and grits and it was outstanding but not too much.We had ​the seafood gumbo and the crawfish Delacroix. It was delicious. Annie was a terrific server.I love this place everything is fresh the puppy drum special is delicious so is the oyster appetizerLongtime Established Satisfying Food
This is a place that's been around as long as I can remember, though it's been through cosmetic changes to keep up with the times. The food is always tasty, well presented in a traditional New Orleans style. I ordered the pompano topped with crawfish etouffee, wedge salad, and seafood gumbo. All were very good. The gumbo, however, though tasty, only had shrimp in it. I sat at the bar and the server was very friendly and accommodating.We stopped and enjoyed a wonderful dinner at this restaurant close to where were staying in New Orleans
Everything was so delicious here.
Our dinner was perfect from start to finish.
We enjoyed the wedge salad with creamy chunky blue cheese dressing, they were kind enough to split it for us and it was plenty for two.
And we each had an appetizer of fried green tomatoes with shrimp and Remoulade sauce on top of it Awesome
If you do go there you really must have their fried bread pudding for dessert it is warm,soft with a sauce on it and it is to die for, delicious.
Loved the ambience inside and their service was wonderful And our waitress Annette S was most friendly and helpful.
This is our first time at this restaurant and the first time here in Louisiana and New Orleans and we may just go again on this vacation,because we had such a great experience.Really delicious food and a great, laid-back atmosphere. The only bummer was when I called 3 weeks ahead for reservations - we had 16 people and had to be split into 2 tables - but that can be attributed to how popular they are! It really wasn't a problem though. 
I'll definitely be back next time for another Fried Green Tomato Shrimp Po' Boy.Was so happy. Very attentive wait staff best wedge salad EVER, ice cold lettuce and yummy homemade blue cheese dressing.  Ambience was very local and perfectThis is my favorite place to go for a laid back dinner in New Orleans.  I predictably order the oysters bleu, the fish special, and pecan pie, and have always been extremely pleased.  (You could try many fancier, trendier, pricier restaurants and not do as well.  They don't serve lunch, so I'm fortunately but unfortunately not put to any such choice at that time.)  
There are a few minor quirks, which obviously haven't really affected my overall experience, but are worth mentioning.   I usually breathe a sigh of relief that I made a reservation--it always seems slammed except at weird hours.  The interior is interesting--I find it charming, but your mileage may vary (don't miss the photos).  They default to leaving the silverware even after really heavy apps.  The coffee is boring.Fabulous! I wish I'd found this place sooner. The lamb shank with pastinae was divine and the fried bread pudding poboy is a must-have desert, like a cross between a beignet and bread pudding. Outstanding! The onion rings were a delicious appetizer and presented beautifully.There is really nothing left of the old Ye Olde College Inn now except maybe the po boys.  This is now a farm to table focused establishment that is doing great fresh food.  I'm a big fan of farm to table but this place just isn't the Ye Olde College Inn anymore so I'd rather they just change the name.  I miss the classic old school NOLA neighborhood family joint dive that Ye Olde College Inn used to be and now its just become mostly a fancy food dining joint.  I'm a fan of fancy food dining and farm to table but I miss the food and ambiance that Ye Olde College Inn used to provide as there just isn't anything else like it anymore in this area of New Orleans.  They just need to rename this joint Farm to Table Inn and then reopen Ye Olde College Inn nearby with the classic menu.
New version: small high quality portions, nice preparation, high prices, mediocre to bad service.
Olde version: huge portions, expert preparation, cheap prices, excellent to outstanding service.
That could all probably sum up a lot of things in NOLA these days between the old and new of things.
Before Katrina I used to eat at Ye Olde College Inn several times a week.  After Katrina with the restaurant evolving to what it is now I've evolved to eat there around once every 5 years.  The current food is very good but its more special occasion food and not the joint I used to be able to grab a good quick affordable lunch at or splurge to feast on a gigantic seafood platter (they don't even do lunch or a seafood platter anymore).  For special occasions the ambiance here doesn't work well for me so I'm usually heading to Commander's, Clancy's, Arnaud's or Galatoire's for the most part.  I just have a hard time fitting the niche of what this place has become into my dining rotation unless I happen to be going to Rock and Bowl.I hadn't been to the Inn since they moved to the new building...for those counting at home, that means I hadn't been in almost a decade.
I do think the "new" space (when a restaurant has been around since 1933, then the 8 year old building is still new) is really airy and attractive and clean. 
The menu is really different but that's a good thing. BUT I think they try to be fancy for fancy sake and miss there mark. I brought a couple of out of towners here on Saturday night and the wait was 45 minutes around 8 pm. Really I know better. 
I started with a special appetizer, since our server was really soft spoken and the restaurant can be lively, I think I misunderstood. I thought I was getting a bruschetta type dish, but ended up with grilled cheese, sort of. It was brieoch bread and the brie and strawberries were not of a quantity to stand up to it. Plus I'm not really sure what the greens and egg were doing there. Although the egg was perfectly poached. My entree was the appetizer portion of the crawfish mac-n-cheese which would have been much better without the truffle oil which was a bit heavy handed.
My dining companions loved their dishes the redfish delacroix and the remoulade poboy. Plus the folks next to us raved about their porkchop and hamburger steak dinners.We had the best experience ever tonight. We had a large crowd for my daughter's birthday dinner that expanded from 16 to at least 20. Jules, our server,and the other staff could not have been more accommodating. We brought a birthday cake and he carried it in with lit candles at the perfect moment. He didn't balk at several checks, and was so professional. And, incidentally, the food was excellent! I had shrimp remoulade served on a fried green tomato, and shrimp and grits-fabulous! 
We followed up the evening with bowling and music at Rock n'Bowl- what an enjoyable night!!!Pretty good overall.  Good service and good food.
I started off with the tomato soup, which had squash, carrots, and other vegetables from the garden.  It had decent flavor.
I had the fish of the day (i.e., redfish prepared with spicy jumbo shrimp, corn, strawberries, blueberries, and red cabbage.  Everything went well together except for the strawberries and blueberries. 
I also had a side of bacon brussels sprouts.  Too large and needed maybe a minute or two of cooking.  I like brussels sprouts a touch more tender.
For dessert, I had the GF chocolate decadence cake.  Very rich and fudgy.  Very nice way to end the meal.
I'm glad I went, but due to proximity and the food being just good, I probably won't be back.It was even better than I remembered it, from when I used to go, when I was younger. 
The new decor is very nice and wide open. The bar is large and roomy. LSU was playing, on the TV.  
Our waiter, Jimmy, was exceptional. Really great waiter and a great guy. He took great care of us, even our friend that has multiple food allergies was accommodated. 
We had to get to Rock n Bowl, so we skipped dessert. All 5 of us loved our meals.
BBQ Shrimp-I was told was incredible. 
The wedge salad looked great and my friend loved it. She had shrimp and oysters added. 
The Crabmeat La Maison was extremely yummy. 
The fish was Drum, for the night we were there. 
Our friend, who got the fish of the day meal loved it. And, we loved the fish special; there were beets, crab, cranberries, with the fish. The flavor explosion was a treat.This place is amazing. Every dish we have tried has been good. My favorite is the Catch of the Day. It is whatever the fresh fish of that day is, with crab meat on top, covered in corn maque choux with a delicious corn paste. The flavors mix together so well! In addition, their vegetables come straight from their own vegetable garden which is outside of the restaurant, so everything is very fresh. Their drinks are also all very good. This is a restaurant you will want to visit again and again. It has been around since the 30s and has a lot of character.Love the atmosphere. Always a great crowd. Waiting area can be a bit crowded on a Friday or Saturday night but that's to be expected for such a popular restaurant. Food is excellent always. Wait staff and Hostess are always very nice and sweet. The owner is always visible. And parking is pretty easy being next door to rock and Bowl. This is a must do when you are than Orleans area.Stopped in on a whim during a respite from the FQ on a NOLA trip. Wasn't prepared to eat a full meal, but had three apps between my husband and myself. We could not have been more satisfied! Huge portions for appetizers, and everything was delicious. We had a seafood mac and cheese, gumbo, and a jambalaya stuffed bell pepper. The place seemed very busy, but we were sat without a reservation, and served by a super friendly waiter who was friendly and gracious in spite of the fact we were taking up space without having a full meal (we tried to be quick). Would go back next trip!Went there after work one day and had the pecan catfish over greens. The greens were cooked down, but the fish was bland. Our waitor checked up on us occasionally, they close at 11 so we had time to enjoy our meal and a drink.
Had some fried oysters, fried green tomatoes and the shrimp remoulade, pretty pricey but good, especially the oysters.  
The kitchen is out in the open so you can see but it's in a corner, originally it was designed for a Thai restaurant but Katrina did damage to the originaly building the restaurant was in, so they went ahead and took over the space intended for the Thai restaurant.
If you see the owners of Rock N Bowl in there or there son, John, dont be suprised because they are the owners.
I will give it a second try another night.Stopped in New Orleans to visit family on our way home to Texas from South Carolina. They recommended Ye Olde College Inn for dinner last night and it did not disappoint. When we were told it would be a 30 - 40 minute wait, my dad's girlfriend asked if we wanted to get a drink and wait or go to a Mexican restaurant -- I am so glad we got the drink and waited for the table, because it was definitely worth it. Our server, Annie, was a delight! She knew the menu well and answered our questions knowledgeably. We started with the cheese board -- a nice selection of cheeses (bleu, manchego, Brie, and cheddar, along with a hogsheads cheese, pork pate, and prosciutto, and small wedges of crispy waffle). 
My daughter enjoyed the Pompano topped with Lump Crab Meat & Pesto served with Asparagus & Crawfish Rissotto. She let me taste it and it was very good! My dad mentioned several times how much he enjoyed his Crawfish Delacroix, which was a Baked Gulf Fish Filet, Steamed White Rice, and Crawfish Etouffee, while I was very pleased with my selection: Shrimp and Stone Ground Grits -- Jumbo Gulf Shrimp, Papa Tom's Grits, Ye Olde Bbq Sauce, and Waffle Crouton. Dad's girlfriend, Lamb, chose the BBQ Shrimp and the famous onion rings from the appetizer menu for her meal -- she has ordered this before and enjoys it every time.
My husband went with Brutus' Caesar Salad, with the addition of grilled chicken, because he'd splurged on richer foods earlier in the day. He said it was good, but the chicken was s a little drier than he would have liked. 
Overall, we enjoyed our visit and plan to visit again when we are in town.An old friend of mine took me here while I was vacationing in New Orleans. My husband and I both enjoyed out meals. 
We shared some jumbalaya for an appetizer . . . soo good! 
He got a Filet that came with spinach and I got Chicken in a Dijon sauce that came with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Both were delicious!! For not being a steak place, the steak was awesome!! (We shared) 
My only issue was the asparagus were not fabulous, but everything else more than made up for it. 
The service was also awesome. It was a Tuesday so we walked right in and were seated! Would definitely go back if in the area!