This place was the perfect spot to eat while in New Orleans for work.  The service was fast and friendly and was able to accommodate to our larger group size.  The beef tongue was unreal and so tender which is not how a lot of places serve it.  We also had lots and lots of salmon belly which was superb.  The seaweed salad tasted super fresh and perfectly seasoned.  And lets not forget the delicious tuna.  I definitely recommend going here for some really good Japanese food.I'd spent the day travelling with only free candy from Delta airlines to sustain me so I needed something to soothe my soul and settle my stomach. I ordered the tofu ramen here and it was great - the broth wasn't too salty and was full of flavour. Mildly spicy. Just what the doctor ordered. Very cool selection of Japanese spirits on offer here too. 
I also liked the vibe of the place. I liked the anime playing on a projector over the bar. I liked the staff. I liked the ultra cool playlist. I liked the trashy decor in the bathrooms. 
Recommended.I hope you guys don't think I'm an easy judge with the amount of 5 star reviews, but anyhow
Midnight on a Monday, this place was open, servicing delicious authentic japanese dishes with a Blues Band rocking.   Holy S h i t -- gotta love new orleans....and this place.Went there for dinner with a group. I'm leaving a positive review because the food was great and our server was attentive. With that said this is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant. Be warned there are only 4 or 5 tables in the whole restaurant so it's really difficult to get a seat for dinner. They don't keep a list so no reservations or call-ahead. You have to stand by and grab a table when a party is leaving which can get awkward.Wandering around Frenchmen last night after a couple of cocktails at Marigny Brasserie, saw that Yuki was open and just had to go in because I have either had other plans or it hasn't been open when I have been down here lately. I am so glad the stars aligned at last. Amazing sake selection, small but satisfying tapas-like plates, and very cool, cozy atmosphere. A friend and I shared the edamame and the spicy tuna and a bottle of my favorite girly drink, Hana Awaka.
We were the only guests at the time, which made it a little awkward leaving just as the guitar player sat down for his solo gig. Hope he didn't take it personally, I would have loved to stay all evening and try more of the bartender's suggestions.
Important note!!! Cash only. And for once in my life I was prepared.With all the amazing music venues on Frenchmen street, I was a little caught off guard walking by Yuki Izikaya...
Oh when the saints -
OH WHEN THE SAINTS!
Go mah-ching in -
GO MARCHING IN!
Oh when the saints go mah-ching innnnn...
I was drawn in by the pure enthusiasm of the crowd, singing along with two little Japanese gals up front.  One girls' hands dancing up and down a keyboard, the other with the mic.  And the entire place - less a few timid souls - were up singing and dancing along.
There was a cool little side room, nice for small groups, a surprising sake selection displayed behind the bar, Japanese tv playing on a screen, and a legit looking menu.
The bartender looked like she wanted to go home, which is understandable since we went on a little past closing..  Still, it seems rare these days to come across an unhappy bartender.  No matter, this will still likely be a stop the next time I'm in town.Ok. I honestly found this place by googling real ramen in LA. I was stationed in Japan for two years and have gone back the past two years to visit fiancé and daughter in Hokkaido. After living in Japan I became very picky. Most Japanese  restaurants aren't real Japanese. This place is the real deal. The atmosphere and the food. I've seen some say it's too small and loud. Some items are a bit pricey. But all together given the authenticity it's all very much worth it. Even my take out ramen was still delicious 30 mins later when I got home.  Yukiko san has a hidden gem here. I will def be coming back to experience more of the food and ambience asap. Brave the crowds of the French quarter, give the close quarters of this lovely place a chance. ありがとう、ゆきこさん!!!I was walking on Frenchmen Street when I heard accordians playing from within Yuki.  It reminded me of France so I headed on in.  Yuki consists of a bar and just a few tables.  Very chill, very laid back environment which is a little bit of a rarity on the very lively Frenchmen Street.  Despite the small size of the bar, a couple got up and danced very well.  I can't comment on the food but there is an impressive list of sake and sake based cocktails.  I'm going to check it again the next time I am on Frenchman Street.Yuki's is my favorite joint in town!! The staff is always super friendly, even when it's packed on weekend nights. They have a great selection of sake, including fruit-infused sake, and amazing Japanese food (the real stuff, not fake sushi rolls). Since it's more of a bar than a restaurant, don't expect stellar table service. It's a low-key, laid-back, semi-divey place, not somewhere you'd go for a fancy sit-down meal. So just relax, listen to some catchy live music, and enjoy whatever kitschy Japanese film is playing on the overhead projector.Walking around the quarter and my girlfriend recommended that we go and have a few drinks here. It's located right on Frenchman St. The atmosphere as you walk in is like another world. It looks so Japan! Love it.
They have small plates/ tapa style dishes on their menu. But what I love about this place is the extensive sake and shochu menu! They also have a little live band that plays. The place is small but there's a warm feel to it. It's open late nights.My ex and I stumbled into this place during our street drinking Saturday afternoon. Coming from New York and quickly overwhelmed with Cajun food after few weeks, a part of living in NOLA(4 months, in the summer of 2008) was to hit every Japanese restaurant in town. No place was subpar with places in NY, except Yuki. 
Those who are familiar with Kenka and Decibel, Yuki is a perfect mixture of the two in this jazzy town. It wasn't all crowded... after all people don't go to NOLA to east Japanese, but it was extremely comforting to be able to speak to Japanese stuff and other Japanese people(aspiring Jazz musician from Kyoto my hometown) while tasting Sake and otsumami. Straight up. Hard to go wrong among very low standard of Japanese in Big Easy. If I lived there I'd probably be going there once a week, just to chilax even with all the great bars and restaurants in town.Yuki is a tavern.  It is not a restaurant.  If you treat it like a tavern rather than your favorite place to dine, you'll be satisfied; however, if you come expecting prompt service on food you're going to have a bad time.
Now that that's out of the way let's talk food. Yuki is the most "authentic" Japanese dining experience that I've ever had.  I say authentic, but what I mean is that it's unique.  I've never seen most of the dishes on Yuki's menu anywhere else.  Their Ramen is my favorite in New Orleans. I would absolutely recommend the Chashu Ramen, Curry Ramen, and Kimchi Ramen.  Each offers a rich flavor with fantastic depth.  The Ramen is also very filling. I have never left Yuki with any space left in my stomach.  
I would be remiss if I didn't mention the atmosphere at Yuki.  The interior is a jazzy, funky, assortment of Japanese art and decor all barely lit.  Also, Yuki is likely the luckiest place to be in New Orleans given that they have at least 50 of those golden lucky cats waving at your from above the bar.  The atmosphere isn't just visual.  Yuki is on Frenchmen street and like most Frenchmen street locations you can nearly always find a band playing. My favorite is an older gentlemen who plays the accordion and sings. It's just beautiful and it matches the vibe so well.  
Overall, Yuki is absolutely an experience that any local or visitor should have, but if you come on a Friday or Saturday night you're going to have a hard time finding a seat or getting food as it turns almost purely into a bar at that point.  But if you get the food, enjoy because you won't find much better!Although the band was pretty good, this bar was dirty and the food was mediocre at best. Japanese in NOLA is admittedly a stretch; if recommend that you skip it.If this izakaya was in New York or Los Angeles I'd probably be giving it one star but considering it's the only option in New Orleans I guess I'll give them another star for trying.  
We got the takoyaki, sauteed mushrooms, pork curry and kaarage.  The octopus in the takoyaki was overcooked and chewy.  The sauteed mushrooms were absolutely nothing special (I've had sauteed shitaake mushrooms that tasted exactly like perfectly cooked scallops).  The pork curry tasted like they  just use those cubes that you get at a Japanese market and the kaarage was greasy and just not very good.  
They only have 3-4 options for yakatori and they're all completely uninteresting.  Give me some quail egg, pork belly, tongue, heart, squid, meatball and bacon-asparagus skewers please!  Though with only 3-4 options I doubt they have a proper yakatori grill.  
The service was actually good for an izakaya joint but they're not supposed to have fast service. You're supposed sit in an izakaya for hours, getting drunk and having a small plate once every twenty minutes or so. 
Overall, Yuki was completely uninteresting and disappointing.Paid forty seven dollars for three small to go orders. Its been one hour and ten minutes of waiting. In the meantime the barkeep/waitress has asked and double checked my order three times with a concerned look on her face. The third time she asked if I wanted a drink. I ordered abita amber. 6.50 she asked for. Maybe they kept me waiting so long to buy a few triple priced drinks. Twenty minutes later. Got food. Appetizers were surprisingly small despite the price tag. The strange soup with egg in it was surprisingly good though. 
.I love this place. It make me feel like I'm in an old Japanese sushi restaurant in Japan. Plus, the food is also very goodThe space is extremly tight for dinner. The dishes were served really slowly. Besides, they didn't put any salt in my friend's udon.Would've gave 5 stars if I ate. I ordered a miso soup, sat and listened to Jazz. Not a bad combo on my last night in NOLA, definitely recommended for those who want some Japanese and Jazz lol!
Authentic Japanese food. The green tea was not a tea bag, good stuff!We strolled in here around 1am - the sounds of Latin beats allured us in, and unbeknownst to us, it was a Japanese resto. After dancing up a storm, we got the munchies and ordered of the menu - a full menu, at that. Go with the pork curry over a bed of rice, the fries with wasabi mayo. Damn, them fries were good. They were just like Ore-Ida fries, but at 2am with some kickin' mayo - it's money.Ended up here on New Years Eve after Three Muses fell through and this seemed to be the best option on Frenchmen while waiting for a show at Snug Harbor (which was full for dinner).  The space at Yuki is incredibly small but thankfully they had one 4-top available and I have to say I'm not fully knowledgable on authentic Japanese food but I've been to a number of good places across the country and dined with friends who lived in Japan and from what I know this place appears pretty authentic.  Tons of sake options on the menu and some nice cocktails as well as a full bar.  In terms of food, the hits at my table with great flavor included the Wasabi Shumai, Spicy Tuna Tataki, and Ramen with pork belly and a nicely cooked egg.  The table didn't appreciate the grilled Yellowtail Neck yakitori but I thought it was quite good if you don't mind picking out the meat and dipping in the provided sauce.  The Onigiri rice balls in seaweed with a tiny little dollop of plum were the table's least favorite with virtually no flavor.  Karaage fried chicken was also disappointing as were the curry French fries which were previously frozen crinkle cut fries with a somewhat flavorless curry spooned on top.
It's a cute but TINY space - I can't even imagine how crowded this place must get when there's live music.  I can't say it's the best food I've ever had but there were some definite stars and I like that there are some fusion flavors across the menu along with dishes that appear to be more traditional Japanese items.  The theme is "small plates" but honestly I was surprised at how large some of the portions were for a fairly reasonable price.  Four of us dined for $110 including a round of drinks and left very full.  Can't argue too much with that.We were walking around Frenchman St looking for another jazz bar after just visited the Spotted Cat.  We passed by Yuki and this guy was doing an amazing vocal - and I was uncontrollably drawn into this place.  
Live jazz at a Japanese izakaya place? Sure why not...
Ended up getting a few drinks and some snacks, all were pretty good.  There was a guy singing with his guitarist and he was amazing!!! In terms of just vocal, i have to say he was even better than what I heard at The Spotted Cat (and that's saying a lot!) the setting is very intimate and we had a great time. 
Do check this place out!On a Thursday night in August (off season) it took an hour for someone to come take our order. They never asked if we wanted a drink while we waited. Food took a long time to come out and it was just appetizers. The food was not special or interesting or set apart in any way. If the service had been better maybe the food would have been worth it but this was a huge waste of my time and money.I have mixed emotions about Yuki. Most of the time the music blows BUT they project cool Anime on the walls and it feels lounge(y). The service usually sucks BUT it's on Frenchmen and the decor is easy on the eyes. Sometimes the food is great BUT other times the same dish will be terrible. It's really hit or miss on this one. However, they do have an extensive saki list, a few creative cocktails and a cool vibe, provided the music is not sucking. Bottom line: I'd be more drawn to Yuki if they could keep everything consistent, especially the food!After bouncing around a few bars on Frenchman, we noticed a guy eating some ramen on the corner, and despite already having a good meal once tonight, there is never a bad time for ramen so we inquired where he got it. He pointed at Yuki, which was right across the street. 
After another bar outing, I was finally able to squelch my ramen craving with grabbing a bowl to go. I just went with the basic ramen on the menu, and it was delicious. It came with a thick slice of pork belly and the broth was rich and flavorful, along with half a hard boiled egg. It definitely fulfilled my ramen craving. 
The place itself is pretty cool, a dimly lit bar with what seems to be a very enticing Izakaya menu. If the ramen was any indication, the rest of the food is probably worth trying, so I will have to leave that for the next New Orleans trip.Wow. Wow. Wow. I decided to try this little gem with a local on a recent visit to New Orleans and I'm so glad I did!
Summary of my experience:
- Great selection of beers (I'm a huge beer nerd and they have some real gems here)
- Great selection of sake
- The octopus balls are incredible... a must!! (no jokes, please!)
- Absolutely mouth-watering seared tuna!!
- Delicious udon noodle soup that rivals most that I have here in San Francisco.
They have a great world music DJ on the weekends and the atmosphere is dim and sexy. Great date spot! Will return when I'm back in town.Absolutely Fantastic! 
My wife and I ate here on my birthday and we were both greatly impressed. We had the Tuna Tataki , Nattō with Tuna , and Hampen with Lemon Butter. All were amazing. 
Yes , it is a bit expensive , but you get what you pay for , and in this case it is well worth the price. Yuki is now my favorite Asian restaurant in the city.After all the rave reviews on yelp, we decided to check this place out during our visit to NOLA. I wanted to like this place, I really did. We must have went too early because the atmosphere and music that everyone raved about was obviously not happening. Much to my later regret, we decided to stay. When we started to list off things we wanted to order, they were out of most of them, which was surprising and disappointing considering they were out of some izakaya staples like grilled chicken skewers and karaage and it was only 6:30pm! To be honest, I can't even remember what else they were out of, but I do remember thinking "how could they be out of so many things already?" We ordered a few third and fourth choice items. During our meal, our waitress frequently and prematurely attempted to clean our plates even though it was evident that we were still eating. This happened like 3-4 times. 
Cut to the main reason why I would give this place no stars if I could....
After our meal, I was standing in the bar area waiting for my bf to use the restroom when our waitress came up to me and asked me if there was a problem with the service. I didn't know where this was coming from but said "no, why" (even though I should have mentioned the fore mentioned instances). She then had the audacity to say "oh I was wondering because of your tip." 
*Our bill came to approx. $65. Even though the service was not stellar, I gave a 15% tip (about $9) which was more than generous considering the service we got*
At that point I was beyond livid and had never been so offended at a restaurant. After some back and forth, I still could not believe she was still questioning my tip amount. She said that she thought 18% was customary. 
When we spoke to the owner, she apologized and said the server was new, but then said that the server told her we gave less than 10%! 
It wasn't until shortly after that we realized that the server must have mistook the written $9 as $4.  If only she took the time to look at the final total before questioning customers. I am left with a horrible memory of this place and it ended up being the single most upsetting dining experience I have ever had.I absolutely love this place. I visited Japan last year and had been craving legit ramen so I was so excited to find that this place has great ramen! They also have a wasabi octopus dish we were served in Japan and it's made fresh and tastes delicious here. Definitely a great place for Japanese food!!Yuki,
I love you man but I've got to give you props as I call it, I cant cheat and give you more stars just because, it would be unethical on my part as a reviewer.
Ok here goes.
Parking around the Frenchmen area on the weekends can be a bitch because it's so crowded and the parking lots nearby for what they charge is a fuckin joke.  $10 to park in the parking lots nearby but if you want a well lighted area to park your car and walk to the clubs and bars close by then this is your best bet.  Otherwise, wing it, come early if you can and maybe you might find some good parking spots along the narrow streets.
Yuki's is located adjacent to what was Cafe Brasil, I am not sure if Cafe Brasil is open anymore but Yuki's is.
In our group we had the Hitachino Nest Beer white ale, which was great.  A strawberry saketini,  lynchee martini....she definitely was not stingy with the alcohol because that sucker was definitely not no girly sweet drink.  Pretty strong because the person who had it said it was pretty strong...ahahaha.
We ordered some bar food.  The fries with wasabi mayonaise.  BBQ eel, and the deep fried tofu.  
The staff was a bit harried because they were short handed but they manage to get to everyone.
When we came there was barely anyone but then when we left, it was pretty packed.  Since the DJ was playing music pretty loud and it was spilling out onto the streets, the crowd was making their way to the bar because of the music.  
DJ was spinning latin/reggae music.  I was enjoying myself but my buddies wanted to go dance so we rolled out.
I know that the place is still new and has some tweaking to do as any new place does and after that, we can change the star rating.
As for the bar atmosphere, pretty cool joint with all the old Japanese posters and the japanese sub-titled movies playing.  The bathrooms are kicks because they are filled with some x-rated japanese postcards, stickers and posters.  Wild! I loved it.
They do have beer on draft, domestic and international, wine, full bar and an excellent collection of sake.  Come for the interesting menu, try the sweet potato cakes.  Yums!!!!  You can find sashimi and your usual seaweed salad on here, but make sure to ask about other items that local japanese restaurants do not have.Oh, how I love thee, Yuki. Nearly everything I've ordered from there is amazing, but let me make it easy for you to decide. Onigiri Ume (rice balls with plum paste), Tuna salad (plentiful chunks of tuna with onion and some heavenly dressing), and either the Kimchee Ramen or Curry Ramen. Both are perfection. 
I come here or order out roughly once a week, and it's always been great. Y'all need to know, though, that this is still a bar, with a bar-like atmosphere. 
Sometimes it's loud, sometimes service can get pretty slow, but the staff is consistently so nice and has never gotten my order wrong before. Patience! Enjoy the music! It's worth it. 
I like to sit at the bar so my friends and I can watch the Japanese films they play on the wall, trying to figure out what they're saying. Pair all of this with a hot sake and the live music, and it's a great time. 
Oh! No surprises, there is a 50 cent surcharge on whatever you order while music is playing. I think it's so they can avoid enforcing a cover charge. Don't let that sneak up on you when you get the bill though, it's no biggie! The musicians totally deserve it. 
I recommend going on Mondays or Thursdays for the music, always super fun.So it was our 2 year anniversary night. We both had work and couldn't get home til ~ 7:30. That means a really fancy dinner where we would have time to get ready was out of the question, especially since we were super tired. Spur of the moment decision led us to Yuki, since all our friends had been and kept saying how much we would enjoy the place. Mustered all my energy to get out the door at 8 pm, still in scrubs, to cross the river and go down to Frenchmen. 
We parked easily and since it was a Tuesday night, parking was about half a block away. We walk in and the only table open was the one with the really short table right by the door. We ordered drinks, I had the lychee martini and he had honeydew sake. Both were good. The lychee martini tasted like any other good lychee martini but the honeydew sake was delicious, cold, and refreshing (but I think it was cantaloupe, a sister fruit in the family of melons, so it's okay if it was a misjudgement on the fruit type). Luckily, another table in the side room became available right when the band was setting up. We moved over, and it was the beginning to one of the best, relaxing experiences we've ever had in Nola, ever (and yes, we live here). 
My boyfriend loves live music. Perfect, because I love good food, especially good Asian food.
What we ordered:
1. Octopus dumplings (The most delicious thing we ordered that night!! This is a must try for any one who would come here. It is delicous!! So flavorful! Also my boyfriend's favorite dish of the night, and we usually differ when judging, because he's more of a carnivorous type where I'm more of an herbivore)
2. Fried tofu  (This was okay. Tasted like fried tofu from anywhere with a bit of ponzu sauce or something. A little chewier than other places, but still good. only came with a few pieces though, but I guess that's right since it's bar food.)
3. Curry fries (I love french fries. Of all types. So yeah, I liked these fries. Just tasted like they poured regular curry on it. It's a pretty thick curry so it's not runny or anything. Pretty good, but not something I'd order again)
4. Kim Chee Ramen Noodles (I added an egg to give it something extra. To me, it lacked flavor. It was good, but not anything memorable whatsoever. Mama noodles are more tasty... my boyfriend didn't care for this dish because it had no meat at all. Maybe we will try something with meat next time....)
5. Fried chicken - ehhhh I really can't even tell you much about this because I don't remember anything special at all. I think it was like, regular fried chicken wings.... I wouldn't order this again....
I absolutely loved this place! This place is extremely small.... However, with the atmosphere, after a few drinks, it seemed like you were all alone just relaxing with the one you're with, enjoying food, music, and their company. Perfect.Really like the casual atmosphere, the Lychee Martini and the Vegetarian potstickers. Also, the polish folk band with harp that plays in the corner of this Pop Japanese restaurant is very coolWaited for 10 mins to be greeted. I even changed seats hoping to be noticed. No dice. I used the restroom (which was gross) & bailed. Huge disappointment. BooIt is kind of cozy, in a way that the rest of what I saw of New Orleans was not. Not that the rest of what I saw was bad (it wasn't!), just that this was strikingly different in a nice way. Good food, good shochu, good music, good service. Very relaxing.One of my favorite places on new orleans. Great place for a date. We have gone there for many many date nights. The green lagoon cocktail is amazing.the atmosphere is great.I came down for a job interview and Yuki Izakaya was the first place I had dinner in NOLA. As someone who has lived in Japan and been to many izakayas, this place is pretty authentic. Yuki-San was nice and helped me impress my soon to be boss as I spoke to her in Japanese. The food...oh the food was amazing. Really fresh & AUTHENTIC - I will be back.This isn't one of my must-drop-in spots on Frenchmen Street, but you will find me here from time to time. The variety of stuff they have going on has always amused me. Sometimes I feel like I've been transported to France, listening to some very accordion-heavy quartet; other times I am slightly overwhelmed by the too-loud DJ playing whatever the kids are listening to these days at eardrum shattering volume.
Yuki is an interesting little place, and I hope it continues to do...whatever it is they seem to be doing...for years to come. My favorite things about Yuki are definitely the fried lotus root chips (super tasty, if a bit salty) and the fact that they're often showing a Miyazaki film (that is, projecting it onto a brick wall) when I'm there.poor quality fish.. The tuna was super bad looking, yellowtail and salmon not so great either.. Stick to the cooked food. Dumplings were ok but over priced and underwhelming mehI was really impressed by the menu at Yuki! It was the most descriptive menu I've ever seen that I didn't even have to ask what the items were. Big selection of tapas - we ordered the hampen with lemon butter, cucumber salad, and takoyaki (octopus in a ball-shaped flour) - and a big selection of alcohol, including schochu, sake, and wines (as well as some delicious-sounding cocktails!). This place is more of a Japanese street food restaurant/bar than a sushi house.
We also had kitsune udon and curry ramen, which were simple and tasty, with the house plum wine. (I only remember all of this because I'm reading off the the receipt!) I really liked the plum wine, a deep magenta color, although it is on the sweet side. All of the appetizers/tapas we had were delicious, and I think for all of it, it was decently priced. There was a $0.50 fee for every item you order, called a "Live Music" surcharge, which is stated discreetly behind the bar.
Besides the great selection of food, I would definitely come here again for the atmosphere. It seemed like an authentic "Tokyoite" kind of place - cramped seating, small space, but still felt relaxing and not like I was forced to finish my meal quickly. Even the location feels tucked away although it is right in the middle of Frenchmen Street. Certainly a different vibe from the rest of the bars on the street. There is a projector showing old Japanese films and, on the night we dined in, a French band playing. Our server was very polite and seemed to be able to take care of all the tables efficiently.
I would recommend if you want to try something a little different in Nola!We stumbled upon this little place for after dinner drinks.. (ate at Adolfo's).  I got the Watermelon infused sake, which was surprisingly nice (I'm NOT a sake drinker..but this was yummy!)  There was a live music (girl playing guitar) who was decent.  Our friend order an udon soup and it looked pretty good.  I would definitely come back for some new tasty beverages!  (word of caution..the bathroom has a blacklight and makes your visit to the restroom pretty trippy!)Several items we ordered were not available tonight.  The udon noodle soup was fine, unremarkable.  Same for the octopus dumplings and panko breaded shrimp and fried tofu.  My family liked the yakatori chicken but I thought it was seriously bland and greasy.  I really enjoyed the Hitachino White Ale  but found the Hitachino Red Rice Ale to quirky for my taste.  My wife enjoyed the sake mojito and all of us thought the peppered fries with wasabi mayo were tasty.  So, all in all, not a disaster but not a place we'll go back to.I had an amazing experience at this place. 
It is a Japanese bar, that serves amazing food, and they were playing South American cumbias while I was there!
PRICELESS!
 I was looking for late night food and a local recommend me this place. AWESOME seafood, fresh as you can get!
The octopus was my favorite. The bartender-waitress was very friendly.
Fun art on the bathroom walls made out of erotic Japanese comics....
Next time I'll visit i would go back. I recommend this non-pretentious but amazing place to anyone hungry and thirsty!
thanks Yuki!Okay... so I give this place four stars mainly because it has some amazing sparkling sake. It was delicious! And had I not had to go to work, I'm sure me and my friend would have been able to put away quite a few more bottles of it.
It's a cute little... and I do stress the word little... Japanese spot on Frenchmen.
The food isn't life-changing. It's not like they are re-inventing the wheel here. It's more like Asian comfort food. 
Hot bowls of ramen with braised pork. Bowls of curried chicken. And some sort of double fried mashed potates.
Yummy for the tummy... and the soul.i never expected this spot to feel so authentically funky.  with sumo wrestling projected on the exposed brick wall, what seemed to be 100,000 maneki-nekos running along the ceiling, and a friendly bartender/server who resembled an anime character, dressed in all black with turquoise pigtails, Yuki Izakaya felt so right.  Omgosh and the udon noodles were just so yummy! Slurp slurp slurp - my friend and I drunk our bowls right up!I heard rave reviews of this place from a friend and was looking forward to a visit. To be fair, it was a crowded night a few days before the Sugar Bowl. The atmosphere is divey, the music far too loud, and the table arrangements crowded. The beer prices were fair and the waitstaff a good balance of attentive and hands-off. I had bites of several small plates and all were yummy but had been picked by a veteran patron... I'm not sure these would have been my go-to orders and, thus, have a hard time knowing if I was tasting consistent quality or the menu highlights. The biggest downside here is the seating: uncomfortable, cramped, and boisterous. We were a larger party (6) and I could see that our talking (loudly to overcome the poor acoustics and too-loud music) was highly annoying for the coupled tables around us. I felt bad but had no choice but to continue shouting to communicate. One couple was basically seated in our lap and we were lucky they were so genial.  I walked away feeling neutral about this place. Next time I'm in NOLA, I could be persuaded to return because I think I hit it on an off night but only if we sat at the bar and the trombone band doesn't join us.After a lovely dinner in our VRBO rental place, we checked this place out and ordered the lychee sake tini and French fries and KIRIN on tap. It was really good. They also had a musician playing gothic/ classical/ alternative music with a cielo. Pretty impressive!!!
They do not have cover charge but if there is a performer there is a surcharge of $0.50 for every item you order. It does not matter right? This place is pretty chill. They do offer other small plates but we were too full to order.
Will definitely check this place again when we visit again.I really enjoy visiting Yuki on Frenchman Street. It's tiny, intimate, and unique. The food is pretty good and the bar is awesome. On busy nights you'll walk in with a DJ in the corner and a retro kung-fu movie being projected onto the brick wall behind the bar. Yuki is A-okay in my book :)When I came across this place in my search for great restaurants in New Orleans, I was really quite excited. The Marigny district is my favorite neighborhood, and I love Japanese food. I was also looking to balance out my trip with a few places that weren't your standard New Orleans jazz place. Nothing against these (I love them, too), but I just needed a change of pace to make sure I was enjoying everything there was to offer in the region. 
Admittedly, a bit selfishly, I was immediately thrilled with the setting when I entered the restaurant, because it felt a bit like home (New York). It was dark and unpretentious, and even a bit quirky with the gold waving cat statues lining a wall behind the bar and an old Japanese film projected onto the wall. As I sat down and looked around the room, I found a little nook with an obstructed view, thanks to a beaded wall, on my right. What a perfect place for a date. Not a first date. Save it for someone you actually think is cool. 
The menu was dropped off on our table by a friendly, but not overly conversational waitress, presenting authentic Japanese cuisine on a crinkled (loved?) sheet of paper. Menu items ranged from small plates of fish, chicken, pork, and beef, as well as noodle dishes, and a few Japanese staples. I ended up ordering the shumai and ramen with pork. My dinner partner ordered the seaweed salad and chicken skewers. 
For the record, I had been craving ramen for quite some time. So my anticipation for this dish was quite high at the moment. I was delighted when the piping hot bowl of noodles, pork, and egg was delivered to my plate. The broth was expertly balanced, and the noodles were of the perfect consistency. The fatty pork added a delicious dose of protein needed to flesh out the dish. I rarely finish an entire bowl of ramen, but this dish was clearly an exception. 
Everything else on the table was able to hold its own, as well. The chicken from the skewers was moist and well-seasoned, presented in a smart and tangy sauce that left you craving more. Literally. A second helping was almost a necessity in order to get enough of these flavors. 
By the end of the evening, a bit of that New Orleans jazz managed to creep inside, but in keeping true to the quirky nature of the restaurant, it wasn't your typical set up that you would find at some of the other places lining Frenchmen Street. A sultry singer with a baritone in hand filled the dark bar with haunting sounds of New Orleans' lesser known jazz exports. Just like the flavors in my bowl of ramen, the music balanced perfectly with the atmosphere in this Japanese hideaway.Best and most unexpected music find during a trip to NOLA. This was not my first time in New Orleans, but it was my first time checking out Frenchman Street. This was the first spot I ducked into and a perfect introduction to the uniqueness of this part of the city. The two Japanese house band girls are AMAZING (the singer and the keyboard/piano player) - musically and in the way that they charm and amp up the crowd. 
The drinks were great. I always go straight sake, but this was my first foray into the sake cocktails. I had the Red Hot (like the candy) and a lychee sake. I preferred the cinnamon of the Red Hot over the syrupy sweetness of the lychee, but both were good. I didn't get a chance to order food, but everyone around me was going to town on tempura and noodles. 
It's a tiny place, but well worth the squeeze. Also, random note, check out the wallpaper in the bathrooms - no spoiler here, you'll have to just see it for yourself. :)Where else can you eat great food, listen to live music and watch a subtitled psycho-sexual Japanese docudrama all within a few feet of some of NOLA's hottest Jazz clubs?
Pork belly and Ramen soup was extraordinary, with or without the egg. The grilled yellowtail collar, or neck, was fabulous.
The unique entertainment was unmatched. The acoustic blues guitarist was great (sorry I didn't catch your name) and the movie subtitles were hilarious:
"Killers live in a place beyond loneliness"
"I want rice"
"Take your clothes off"
"Are you trying to make a fool of me?"
The dining alcove had a Quentin Tarantino atmosphere with trashy Japanese movie posters covering psychedelic murals. 
Don't miss this hideaway when you're in the 'hood.It was already late when i arrived into town, i was starving and all the potential spots were closed. So I stopped here, they had some good rice filled with something plant based. That made me happy. Not much else I could say, but they had some live music.We wanted a break from all the gumbo and oysters so decided to go for Japanese for the night after seeing the good reviews on Yelp. I've been quite spoiled by awesome Japanese food in New York, so perhaps that's why this restaurant was just average in comparison. Since the food here is tapas-style, definitely plan for at least 2 dishes per person. The service was also quite slow, so try to order everything in the beginning.
Vegetarian gyoza - Pretty lackluster dish overall. The dumplings were dry, and the edamame and corn filling was not my favorite.
Sautéed mushrooms - A little on the salty side but very flavorful!
Salmon sashimi - This was a very generous portion of salmon. Though the quality wasn't exactly melt-in-your-mouth amazing, it was a good amount of fish for the price.
Kitsune udon (no meat, just fried tofu) - The broth was an interesting soy sauce / fishy miso taste. 
Chashu ramen ($13) vs Ramen ($9) - They're essentially the same; the chashu one has more pork while the regular ramen has an extra egg. The noodles were very tasty, but they honestly tasted more like wonton soup, not so much the rich, fatty, hearty pork broth that I was craving. 
Grilled yellowtail neck - Pretty tasty, nice and salty with a dash of lime, would recommend!
The vibe here is very tavern-y. You will likely be squeezed on the side, at the bar, or sharing a table. It's great for a night out but not super family friendly. My family was certainly freaked out by the array of waving cats at the bar.
Also our server automatically added 18% gratuity to our party of 4 - not highly appreciated considering the service was quite slow.This was a little fun place we just came across. 
We had some drinks, listened to great music and snacked on some edamame. Great atmosphere and staff. We will go back for some sushi.This place is amazing!Do not get thrown off by the graffiti all over the walls and the divey atmosphere. This place is great if you love authentic cuisines.  
Make no mistake they do not offer Sushi Rolls- walk out the door  and yes  it's .50 extra if band is there so come early. They also add .25 extra for to-go food. 
This is an izakaya, traditional meals mainly in small plates. They do offer noodle dishes which we did not try. Think yummy Asian tap pas. 
Here are our top favorite: 
Fried octopus legs-like calamari, nice and salty
Tokayaki- a ball shaped snack filled with octopus, melted in our mouths. 
Dumplings- great choice here. 
Sashimi -we got the salmon sashimi (raw pieces of heaven)
Miso soup - (they offer it nice and thick the way I like it)
To drink we had Sochu-it's basically rice wine that you drink like saki only smoother. 
Overall it was a fabulious night. It was a group of 4 of us, we would order 1 plate each  and shared until we got full. I think we had 3-4 small plates per person total and paid about $50 per person. It wasn't cheap but Izakaya's offer fresh food, meals you won't find elsewhere and a great experience.Uh oh...I went back and the food had taken a step backwards. The agadashi sauce was viscous for some reason, the udon seemed like it came out of a grocery store pouch, the ramen broth just didn't measure up to my previous visit but I can't put my finger on exactly what was different. Maybe there was a guest chef...maybe someone was having a bad day..I will definitely go again and give it another try but I was very disappointed and hope that the change is temporary! Please Yuki...don't start cutting back on ingredient quality!!!Fun little joint, that has live music
Great vibe
Food and Prices are good
Service is a little slowMy fiancé and I discovered this place while wandering down Frenchman St. this summer looking for a beer while were waiting for dinner.  They had an awesome selection of Japanese beer and saki, which i highly recommend trying the Hitachino Nest Beers.  Now this summer we did nit eat anything; however, this time while we went back and decided to try out the food for an early evening snack.
 We should we should of eaten here a lot sooner!!!!!!
That evening we had the yellowfin neck, yakisoba skewer, and natto with tuna.  Let me say natto is not for everyone and my fiancé loves the stuff; so I can only comment that this natto does not smell as bad as the stuff he usually eats.  I can comment on the yellowfin though, and it was perfect.  Nicely charred and the seasoning was spot on.  As for the yakisoba, it did not taste like they had covered in sauce that had come from a bottle.  This is what we have encountered at most restaurants.  Instead it was nice seared and seasoned, melt in your mouth goodness.
Yuki is not for everyone; however, if you are looking for good beer, food, and music I would at least give it a try.  As for us, we will definitely be coming back to try more of their food on our next NOLA trip!The menu looked pretty interesting, but really didn't deliver at all. The only good part of the meal was the Japanese beer, which wasn't created by them.
I think the main problem was they wanted to let the ingredients speak for themselves without adding too much seasoning, but the ingredients were really not great quality so everything just fell very flat.
- Tuna tataki: they gave me the stringy part of the fish so it was pretty hard to chew. This was the only dish my fiancée didn't share with me and I woke up in the middle of the night feeling like I needed to throw up, so I question the freshness of the fish.
- Ramen: The broth was very flat and just lacked any seasoning at all. It was pretty disappointing to think instant ramen I've eaten at home had a lot more flavor than this one.
- Saki clams: Besides the fact there was sand in the clams, they just had a very dull flavor to them. It really needed something acidic to brighten up the flavor and it was begging for some basic seasoning.
- Seaweed salad: This is one of my staple meals and is very hard for someone to mess up, but theirs was not good. I ended up dipping it in a little bit of the leftover rice wine vinegar and soy sauce from the tuna tataki which helped remove the strange flavor.I've never had a bad time at Yuki's. 
It's been a while, so I recently returned with a friend. We ended up staying for hours. This is a place you sit down at the bar, order a bottle of saki, eat several of their fantastic dishes, listen to whatever cool beat the DJ plays that night, and talk to the coolest strangers in town (...and order a second bottle, if you can handle it!)
I've never been disappointed. The food tastes fresh and authentic. My kimchee was wonderful, the maguro natto (raw tuna with fermented beans) was the bomb (but make sure your tongue can handle the slimy texture :-) I shall return for the octopus dumplings. Someone else ordered the edamame and were not impressed. They have many tapas sized dishes, so I'm sure you'll find something to satisfy your palate. 
It's really tiny inside, so seating can be limited. That's what makes it fun and easy to talk to others. 
The music never disappoints. I remember stumbling inside on Halloween and dancing to reggaeton. In a Japanese bar. Only in New Orleans ;-)
BIG PLUS: they are non-smoking.I don't like hanging out in the bars on Frenchmen-- they just get way too crowded and Yuki is no exception. Most of the times I've been here, it's been packed, so I usually avoid it. But I spent several hours here on an off-night and it was quite lovely. They have a good selection of Japanese beers, high ceilings, and awesome decor (except for the Imperial Japanese flag WTF). There was also some great live music. 
They serve a wide variety of Japanese dishes. Unfortunately, none of it is very good. The ramen tasted like they jazzed up some Maruchan, and the gyoza was flavorless. I don't recommend the house plum wine either.The one miss of the trip. Our fault for expecting good Japanese food in New Orleans coming from California (smug alert). 
Shu mai tasted like dog food. Mushy, no flavor, zero texture. Mushrooms were slimey. Karage was fine. Yelp fail.Had a few good nights at this place. anime being projected onto a brick wall is awesome. tight snuggly seating, mmmm tapas, and a small corner nook with the occasional live music. Saw a lovely woman play beautiful cello one night.The service is effective and the food great for quite an affordable price. A great place to go if you find yourself in Frenchmen and want some delicious food. 
Maybe the music too loud but good quality.
The environment artsy... We liked it very muchWe popped in for a drink on a Saturday night and made our way back for dinner a few nights later because the menu looked so great. The food was wonderful and the DJ was really good.Total hole in the wall that is hipster cool and grungey looking on purpose... At least i hope so.
The food was really not too bad for stopping by while listening to live jazz. Singer sang only covers to a live band.Half restaurant, half bar = all awesome. 
Went here around midnight on a Friday. Perfect for late night snacks w/ good sake.   
  Food - Kimchi was good but not fermented. Udon + pork belly was worth trying. Spicy tuna tetaki was the best thing we tried. Sauce blended well with it. Got steamed rice on the side to accompany it. Do not ask for sushi! They serve real Japanese foods.
  Ambiance - Good Jazz band playing at the entrance. Very friendly atmosphere! Dark and hip.This is my first review(yea cliche or unbelievable) but truly this is an amazing quaint spot with some great bites. It's awesome to try some true Japanese food that isn't just sushi and spicy tuna rolls. Would highly recommend this place. Keeping it short for ya'll. EnjoyGreat little joint. Went by late one evening for sake to find a little bit of Japan dropped onto Frenchmen Street. I think Christy L has it best: "Yuki is one of those places that you walk into and instantly feel cool for being in the know about it." A friend brought me, and, as Christy predicts, I was impressed with "hip little spot."Believe it or not...this made the PERFECT end to our New Orleans trip. Here's how it goes...
We had just had four nights of heavily poured mixed drinks and delicious Abita beer. Wine. Buttery food. Sugar. Caffeine.  The works. As we walked down Frenchman Street on the eve of our departure we both privately dreaded ordering another hurricane. When suddenly...
The tinkling of the jazz piano caught our ear. We followed it right to a...Japanese bar?
YES. This was exactly what we wanted. We ordered a small bottle of deliciously refreshing and clean sake, listened to the New Orleans jazz piano and watched the subtitled movie on the wall.
Like I said. It was perfect.I loved the atmosphere of this quirky little spot.  The old wooden bar and exposed brick are lovely in their own right but the way it is decorated with Japanese cartoons and knickknackery is really cute.  We went in last Thursday when there was no one else in the bar but the bartender, no patrons or music.  I got a green tea martini that I didn't like at all but maybe I should have tried something else.
Foodwise, nothing very good.  The french fries were of the Ore Ida variety although the wasabi mayonnaise was good.  Marinated octopus in wasabi was interesting for a few bites but then it was just kind of murky-tasting.  Rice wrapped in seaweed with salted plum was waaaaaay to salty (and I love salty) and off-puttingly mushy.  The beef tongue was super tough, i actually felt like I was eating someone's tongue instead of having it fall apart like I'm used to.  The sauce was awesome though, lemony and peppery, if they'd just learn how to cook the tongue right!
I would definitely come back for a beer and maybe a nibble but not to eat extensively. A band started playing just as we were finishing up, which was nice.  My final issue though is that they don't charge a cover for music, just an upcharge of 50 cents on every item during a show.  We had our drinks and food long before the band even showed up or started playing but we got the surcharge for each item.  It was just a matter of a few dollars but since we really didn't partake in the entertainment, I thought it was worth noting.The BF and I were looking for a change from the mound of fried food we'd consumed all weekend so we decided to check out the ramen at this restaurant. I noticed another reviewer mentioning that they were out of pork belly. Well. Looks like they're still out. Sad thing is we went in early in the night. Very disappointed.I'm giving Yuki five stars ("as good as it gets!") because there's nothing else like it here. 
I recently moved here from New York and assumed I'd never have decent ramen again without making it myself (I make terrific ramen, broth, noodles pork and all, but it takes forever). The other local Japanese place (Wasabi) is great  if you want fun sushi rolls but lacks ambiance, fun sakes and shochus. It also lacks ramen.
It's not cheap by New Orleans standards but it IS cheap by NYC standards, and those are still the standards bopping around my brain so I think this place is a hell of a find.
The pork ramen was lovely. Silky porky broth, noodles, pork belly, scallion and egg. Not big enough to share so BACK OFF my noodles, man! ;)
We sat in the wee "dining room" which was tiny and oppressive and red and black and dark and I loved it. Our waitress was lovely, the service was speedy and this was on a Friday night at 8pm. I guess Yuki is really more of a bar than a restaurant so there were several free tables. 
The tuna tataki and sashimi plates were SO fresh and delicious, and my God, they had Asahi Black. The idea of spending the coming  Winter evenings sitting at Yuki slurping ramen and drinking an Asahi Black makes my HEAD SPIN it makes me so happy. 
Yuki is a rare gem hidden in plain site on Frenchmen Street, of all places.Awesome!! Food, sake, ambience! I'm goin back, again.I am not sure if you'll be able to get the stars to align the way we did when we visited Yuki on a recent trip to New Orleans, but if you can... I think my favorite thing (besides the delicious strawberry infused sake and tasty food) was the fact that there was a 3-piece bluegrass band playing while a silent Spirited Away projected on the wall. The atmosphere was really excellent - I don't think I've ever been anywhere similar. Also, enough vegan options that you'll have something to snack on while enjoying your cocktails.Granted, I was starving and recently removed from the airport, but when Jess and I dropped in on Yuki Izakaya, I ran into the best cucumber salad I've had in my life. I'm not talking some sort of Iron Chef situation here, only that I was famished and Yuki doesn't over-think their cucumber salad: it's simple, plentiful and quick. 
I bookended that salad with some edamame on the front end and a plate full of sashimi tuna to stick the landing: paired with a tall Hitachino White (thank you, Japan), and set to a backdrop of quirky acoustic goodness in the next room, I was hard pressed to be happier. Others have noted that it's small - like, claustrophobia lives here - but if you can get past that, a relaxed stroll awaits your taste buds. I wasn't necessarily expecting Yuki Izakaya, but that won't be the case next time.Oh, Yuki. It's a hole-in-the-wall Japanese destination with a French accordian player on Tuesday nights. The tables are uneven and there are only about 5 or so. But the Sake is awesome--especially the Coconut Lime (?) Nigori. O.M.G.  It's definitely New Orleans and you should definitely try it.
My bf and I shared:
Pepper crusted tuna tataki with ponzu
Spicy French fries (slightly disappointing--frozen crinkle fries with spices)
Tuna seaweed salad
Tofu udon
All of which were pretty much fantastic.I totally dig this place.  Its on frenchman street, so automatically has a fantastic atmosphere that's quirky and weird.  They've got classic movies playing on the brick wall, live sets of japanese popular music and about a half million ceramic lucky cats perched above the bar.  The inside is dark and full of wood, brick - kind of taverny feeling.  Its almost cozy, but the eating area - which is very small - needs some better ventilation, as it can get pretty hot and stuffy back there.  And then there's the food.  Small plates and ramen/udon noodle soup. There's no sushi, so look elsewhere if that's what you want.  It can get a little pricey, but the food is completely worth it.  Their roast pork belly ramen is DELICIOUS.  The broth is rich and porkey, with a generous helping of sliced pork belly that just falls apart.  The noodle texture is perfect.  While the soups can make a meal unto themselves, the other plates are closer to tapas-sized.  Its all good.  I found about this place about a week and a half before I moved away from NOLA (sad face) and went back another couple times over the next few days... it was that good.  I'd give this place a 5 if they'd fix the ventilation in the eating area.
BTW, rather than charging a cover, they jack up all menu items by $0.50 when a live musician is playing which usually starts around 7:00 pm.This is my favorite place in the city. Inside and outside the look of the whole place is just lovely and fun. They play great music and sometimes project really pretty films onto the bar wall. 
The sake selection is good and varied in price. They also make amazing sake cocktails. The Yuki special, made with unfiltered sake, is particularly great. As it is an izakaya rather than a sushi bar, I'd recommend going with more of the bar food (also the noodles) than the sashimi, but the sashimi isn't bad. The french fries are lovely
Inter-Asian cuisine sidenote: they have PERFECT homemade kimchi here. Even though it's four dollars (rather than free with something else), I always get it. The Kimchi Chigae soup, on the other hand, is just miso with some kimchi in it. If you are familiar with the true glory that is Korean soup, don't bother. But I've had plenty of Korean-made sushi (in SK), so I certainly don't hold anything against a Japanese chef not getting a Korean dish.3.5 stars 
We were quite happy to find this place in New Orleans, on Frenchmen Street of all places.  It was quite empty and dark but we decided to give it a try.  A very interesting place - very odd and funky decor, choice of music and movie.
We started at the bar and ordered our beer but moved on to a table in the back, where we had the edamame, potstickers and ramen.  
I see they have a new menu now serving sashimi and such.  Look forward to returning.I don't like to leave bad reviews but the music at this place was awful. The Dj kept playing terrible "sound effects" (train horn, sirens etc) into microphone. Other customers around me had the same wtf face especially when he started wailing into the microphone. Food wise, unfortunately nothing special either.  Ramen was just OK, egg was cold and hard through (not cooked traditional way, with runny warm yolk)and noodles were way too soft.  Service was pretty slow even though it was practically empty but the waitress was nice.  We couldn't wait to get out of there because of the horrible loud music. Think the Dj cleared the place out.