I got sick eating their buffet. It was my first meal of the day, 30 minutes later began the frequent trips to the bathroom as i passed watery muck for 4 days, and developed a low grade fever. Though i didn't throw up, i sought help and discovered that it sounded like something parasitic. I still feel rotten 5 days later, but improving now. Don't chance it.I wasn't familiar with their menu and I had questions.. Guess they didn't feel like taking time with me or something.. Either way they were kinda rude and the guy hung  up on me.Never lets me down. General Tso's chicken is crispy and delicious. Their fried rice is spectacular too. I'll take this local Chinese spot above any of the bland, chain Asian restaurants.Screw these guys. I ordered Chow Mein and it came with no noodles. AN HOUR AND 45 MINUTES AFTER I ORDERED! I called an hour after ordering and they said it was on they way.... I live 10 minutes away. Another 45 minutes it finally made it to my house. Missing stuff. Thanks, douchebags!Only had their vegetarian take-out/delivery options but what I've had, I've actually enjoyed. Frankly, I think they're the best in Mid-City. And probably in the entire metro area.
They're really fast and quick. Huge portions and they're pretty friendly when you're there. I recommend their sweet and sour soup and any of their tofu dishes. They use hard, pre-fried tofu so it soaks up all the flavors and is quite tasty. Their vegetable soup is also pretty good. 
When I went in to pick up my food, it was completely dead inside but it could be because it was 9 pm. Was a Sat. but there was a single guy dining alone.This lunch buffet may be the best value (good food per dollar) in the city. For 6 bucks and change, you get stuffed with high quality food. My wife and I are big fans. We appreciate their consistency too, as the dishes always come out top notch. The green beans are divine. Need proof? When was the last time someone singled out green beans in a review, eh? While the selection is smaller than many buffets, the quality far surpasses the competition!
PS - the takeaway food is also good, but 90% of the time we enjoy the buffet. It's those darn green beans.Good food great price. The buffet is very good. The hours are great for those of us that work late. The people are nice and they are very quick there.I have ordered delivery from here several times and always been pleased with the food.  They are fast and the very reasonably priced.  If you are craving Chinese food then this is the place for you.I've always enjoyed the food, and they deliver, but today for the first time I tried the lunch buffet then spent a lot of quality time in the bathroom. I recommend it over all, but think twice about the buffet.We ordered a typical take-out selection of moo-shu pork, General Tso's chicken, and roast pork lo-mein.   
The moo-shu pork tasted all right, but it was wayyy too "wet." I realize this is a quick-service establishment, but moo-shu pork has to be "dry" enough to sit in the wrapper without completely saturating it. That's elementary. The wrappers, BTW, were the tasteless rubbery machine-made variety and at least they didn't dissolve, as saturated as they were (yay, modern science). 
The General Tso's chicken was, hmm, what was it... No texture or flavor at all other than syrup-soaked fried batter. Which might've been all right, given our appetite, had there been some substance inside the batter to reward us for slogging through that treacly mess. Was it General Tso's splinter of chicken, or sliver of skin, or batter-fried fried batter we ate?
The lo-mein was almost inedible. No, not almost, it WAS inedible -- as hungry as we were we had to throw it out. A heap of bland stir-fried yarn accented by a sauce of salted grease and lightly garnished with toothpicks of pork. Yummy Yummy.Slow delivery. Shrimp lo mein had no shrimp! No wontons with soup. Food was cold. Don't bother, this place is a dump!I've eaten here so many times, I'm surprised I've yet to write a review. This was the place that kept me alive when I first moved to Mid City. I'm usually between the general tso and sesame chicken combination. If I'm feeling extra piggish, I'll help myself to an order of the crab ragoon, they're not all that bad. In fact, I don't think anything I've had from here is all that bad.
I've also been here for their lunch buffet and I can tell you it's definitely worth the money. They keep the place clean, you can see into the kitchen line which is always a plus. The combinations are at least two servings and under ten bucks, incredible!
The delivery ($15 min) is also a plus, because how can I pig out and be lazy if I have to actually go and pick up my own $#! T?! Those sugar buns are pretty good as well, just don't try them the next day, finish em fresh.I'm a constant visitor to The Red Door down the street from this spot, and so I was pretty excited to see that, 1) a Chinese restaurant was opening down the street, and 2) it was called Yummy Yummy. Not just 1 Yummy. 2 Yummys. That's double the yum.
After working a legal clinic and walking in the heat outreaching to folks for a few hours, my girl and I were ready to eat. We were originally headed to Kjeans for some seafood when we noticed that Yummy Yummy was (finally) open. 
"Omg.. fried rice..." "Shall we? I'm down."
I came in and there were a few folks waiting for takeout, two middle school age girls chilling out playing games on their cell phones (probably the daughters of the owners or workers). The restaurant has really high ceilings, bright white lights, and is clean. A small section is the buffet, which is $5.50 at lunch time and $2.95 a pound to take out from. You can see into the kitchen behind the cash register, and it looks like all is in well-working order. 
The lunch specials are $5.50 until 3:00 PM, but it was only 3:30 and when I asked if we could still order from it, the server said yeah. My vegetarian friend ordered a vegetable fried rice with no egg, and it came out pretty well: broccolli, carrots, green onion, white onion (weird), and soy sauce to flavor the rice.
I got fried fish with pork fried rice. It came with four pieces of deep fried fish squares, probably something frozen, and a fried rice with pieces of char siu pork, green onions, white onions (I find this to be weird and not at all appetizing, by the way), peas, and soy sauce rice. The fish was bland, but came with a sort-of tarter sauce, which was creamy-sticky and sour. I wish the char siu pork pieces were larger; I had to dig through to find them. Honestly, everything was just pretty bland. 
Overall, the bill came out to a little over $6 for each of us, and I was full, if not satisfied.
I talked to the workers for a second and they laughed at me because I didn't know how to say "province" in Chinese (for the record, I asked my dad and it's "shen2") before saying they were from Fujian. Kind of a bummer that this spot doesn't serve Fu Jian food, especially since New Orleans has access to so much fresh seafood...Ordered delivery, very fast delivery. Good Chinese food if you're looking for you're looking for a quick fix.Ordered chicken and broccoli, and it was pretty spot on! The delivery was fast like 20-25 mins and the girl was sweet! Sent plenty of food and didn't forget any of the sauces or utensils. This hit the spot I don't feel bad after and it wasn't greasy as hell so I'd suggest this place of you live in the area and need occasional Chinese food!It's cheap Chinese food. It's good for what it is. The buffet doesn't have a ton of items but for $6.99, what do you want? The place is really clean which is always good. The service is alright but there is a language issue with certain members of the staff.Yummy Yummy gets 5 stars because it is fresh, clean, cheap and consistently good.  
So I know this place is not the most amazing but I feel like it's first in it's class for take-out Chinese food.  I have eaten here lots, but I should say I never ate at the restaurant, I always got take out.  Ambiance is a lacking but the food is solid and you can't beat the prices.  Vegis are fresh and crisp and not over cooked.  
Open late, and good every time!This review is for delivery. Never been inside, and probably never will.
I placed an order today at 12:06pm. By 1:07 I still hadn't received my order, so I tried to call in and ask what the status was. I called the number provided in the e-mail confirmation they sent me. I got what sounded like a fax machine picking up 2 times in a row, a busy signal 3 times in a row after that, fax machine sound again and FINALLY after several failed attempts, by 1:10 I was able to reach a human being on the other line. I asked what the status of my order was, and was rudely told "it's on its way."
Our office is literally 4 blocks away, so for an hour and 10 minutes to go by for delivery when the restaurant is buffet style inside is just insane. Even during lunchtime rush.
By 1:14, my order arrived. I ordered 3 things: Yat Gaw Mein soup, Hunan Chicken and Garlic Chicken. I ordered both lunch entrees with white meat only, and "hot" in spice.
The soup was more like a stew, as there wasn't much broth. Other than that, I was told that it tasted fine. I tasted both the garlic chicken and hunan chicken. Could have definitely had more spice considering the options were "mild" "medium" and "hot". The fried rice was yellow in color and took up roughly 4/5 of the box it came in. There were roughly 6-7 pieces of chicken in each entree, each about the size of a pinky finger in length and maybe two pinky fingers in width (so, not very much meat).
If you're seriously just looking for some mediocre Chinese food on a budget, you've come to the right place. You get what you paid for.
TL,DR: The delivery time was unacceptably long, and the food itself was probably on par with the little Chinese place at Lakeside Mall and several steps below Five Happiness with regard to taste and quality.i dont care about what everyone says, for the price and the type of food this is an awesome restaurant. We did got a fortune cookie with no fortune in it... but that was just funny, I always get the sesame chicken wich is always very good, fried rice and get it delivered if you order more than 15 bucks... first time i ordered it took like 20 mins to get here... last time tho it took one hr!!!! so I guess if you eat there is fine... no dissapointments... just the cookie.Decent Chinese food in midcity. I wouldn't say that this is good Chinese food, but it hits the spot if you are looking for some greasy Chinese food after a long night out or are just wanting some basic Chinese food and a movie kind of night. Their lo mein is pretty good and I like their sesame chicken and crab rangoons. Don't be scared away by their exterior if you are getting take out! They also deliver, which is a big plus if you can't muster getting out of bed! Don't expect this to be high quality Chinese but for the price, you can't beat it!For the price and speed, Yummy Yummy is a quick bargain.  My girlfriend and I quickly picked up our take-out meals.  The generous portions arrived hot and fresh. The ideal place for picking up a hot, tasty meal after a long night.Simply as others have reviewed, It is just not very good. Prices are average but the food tastes bad. I ordered dine in and could not finish my food because of the taste. I paid the bill, left a plate of food on the table, and went to burger king.Awesome little budget chinese place; great service from a hard working family. Many vegan options to choose from as well for those who are inclined.Yeah...its american Chinese.....but its sooooo damn good! cheep and quick and the staff is always friendly...My family and i eat here when we want Chinese food. I live just down the street and they deliver!  cant go wrong! We never eat in because well...its a buffet..but like i said..the food is ALWAYS! good!I'll admit that I'm biased -- I'm partial to dives, and this is very much a hole in the wall. The food is hit or miss depending on the time of day and who's in the kitchen, and on more than one occasion I've been the only one in there during lunch.
And I love this little place. I've yet to have an issue with freshness of the ingredients, and I can't help but root for the underdog. Yes, there's far better Chinese food in and around New Orleans, but this place is cheap and comfortable like a well worn pair of jeans.The food is disgusting. How anyone can compare this to 5H is beyond imagining. This is about the worst Chinese food gets in New Orleans.Now that I have tasted real Chinese food, rather then the made up stuff they serve at fine establishments like these. It's hard for me to decide how to rate a place like yummy yummy. 
I suppose I look for freshness of ingredients, lack of msg, low price, and delivery. 
Yummy yummy seems to use stale ingredients, and cut a lot of corners. For example, I got honey chicken, which I figured would be roughly the same as sesame chicken, minus the sesame seeds. So yes I was looking for heavily breaded sweet chicken. However it seemed I got crispy chunks of breading, it was quite gross. And I question if I even got any chicken at all. 
I don't know what else to say, your not going to get much from this place. Just something to shove in your mouth. 
That is all.great cheap convenient fast chinese take-out... nothing special, but reliable and consistent. Advice: just call in your order and go get it. Don't mess with the buffet. Take-out is always freshly prepared and piping hot. Pay a little more if you want delivery. You can pay over the phone with a credit/debit card...Awesome and affordable food. Buffet 11-3 except Sunday. Food is tasty and fresh. Awesome staff. Most food is wok fried not deep fried. Awesome beignet biscuits for sweets. It is a quiet dining room. No music plays and no TVs, so it's a give and take. You're paying the other guys for TV, and ambiance- here it's just casual and simple dining. Love it or hate it; you won't be able to find a better value! Ditch fast food- for the price of a "value" meal you truly get value here.Surprisingly delicious!  I ordered Shrimp mei fun, which included a generous amount of shrimp.  Also, shrimp lo mein and shrimp egg roll. Both were full of flavor and tasty!  The food there reminded me of Azakuma Rice in West Hollywood, CA.good cheap usual chinese foodAlways delicious! More of a take out/ delivery place, always fast delivery, always hot, always tasty. This is my go to Chinese delivery!Cross contamination WARNING and Absolutely deplorable service and staff at Yummy Yummy. The food isn't horrible when its what you ordered (happened only once out of 5 times). We have attempted multiple times but are now sure the mishaps are caused by the super rude woman that stands at the front. I get they aim to look and be a hole in the wall (no decorations but 3 tiny things on a giant wall) but their kitchen is performing super unsanitary practices and we are reporting to the health department. The first mishap happened with Sweet sour chicken which was delivered with no sauce (so its just plain breaded chicken), they tell us to drive there and get the sauce. The next two mishaps were not as disappointing, we order, Beef Broccoli, we got chicken Moo Goo Gai Pan, and one we ordered garlic chicken and we got some fried chicken dish with sticky sauce on it (not bad but not what was ordered).  The last was last night, we ordered online since it seems harder to mess up and mark it as pick up. It says 15 minutes online so we waited and got there after 18 minutes. Mind that we were never called or emailed to alert us of a delay in the order. After sitting an additional 30 minutes we asked what the delay is she proceeds to roll her eyes and say it was coming without even checking. Once she had the bag ready she double knotted the bag, my guess is so we could not check it. We try to check it and she tells us its right and proceeds to tell another customer we didn't wait the time we did and that our food was right. We get home and get ready to eat right before my spouse took a bite we noticed it was not chicken but a shrimp. My spouse has a severe shellfish allergy and can go into shock if they eat any at all. We call they say that it could have come from the sauce spoon or the grill which means they are cross contaminating regular food with the unwashed utensils or not cleaning the grill. This means if you have seafood allergies you may get a reaction or if you have religious or ethical diversion to certain meats they will serve them to you anyways hoping you don't notice. When we call to tell them they tell us that its "too bad". When asked to replace it they tell us they are too busy and to bother them later. Eat here at your own risk if you have any food allergy or issue.No one in their right mind is going to argue that the food here is all that good.  But, given the generally sad state of Chinese food in NOLA, I can readily admit that I do eat here from time to time.
The lunch buffet is a ridiculously good deal at $6 to dine-in and something like $4/lb for take-out.  
Every few weeks, when completely at a loss for what to eat for lunch, I'll swing by for a pile of sloppy, goopy, totally edible food.
The broccoli chicken is surprisingly tasty and the General Tso chicken is OK as well.  Then again, who can screw up chunks of fried chicken with a sweet and sticky sauce?  The chicken wings and egg rolls get a thumbs up from me as well.
Bottom line, as strange as it sounds, this is the only 2 star place (in my mind) that I have no problem eating at occasionally.I've been picking up takeout from Yummy Yummy since it opened, I think. The food is fresh, delicious and always speedy. I'm addicted to Gen. Tso's chicken. No MSG (I'd know - I'm allergic), not greasy and salty, either. One combo plate lasts me three meals if I'm not being a pig, so it's a great value, too.
Kind of surprised to see negative reviews, but nobody's perfect all the time. I have not done the lunch buffet, but I'm intrigued to try those famous green beans.Good standard Americanized Chinese food. The mandarin chicken is thin slices and I think cornmeal battered. It's delicious but the sauce is not the usual think brown sauce. This one was kind of salty and thin.
They let you sub lo mein for the rice, which I love. I've noticed they don't use a huge amount of batter on their fried foods which I always appreciate. I've ordered delivery from there plenty of times and they come pretty quickly. 
For the price you are getting some pretty decent flavor and a good amount of foodI've only ever ordered delivery from Yummy Yummy, and every time our order is correct and within the expected time frame. It's wonderfully cheap Chinese food, so it's exactly as you'd expect. My husband and I pretty much order the same thing every time--wonton soup, crab rangoons, sesame chicken, lo mein, fried rice, and an eggroll. We've never been disappointed! Online ordering is quick and easy too. 4 stars because the food isn't AMAZING, but it's definitely good.This is pretty much your basic Chinese take-out place.  I have not had the buffet, because, let's face it--if you are eating buffet food in New Orleans, you are hopeless anyway.  
I have lived in a few different neighborhoods in NOLA and I think that Yummy Yummy is the best in Mid-City for the price. 
Five Happiness is more gourmet, but if you want somebody to deliver crunchy General Tso, lo mein, and egg rolls to you at 10:00pm, you aren't exactly in a gourmet state of mind.
The staff is nice, you can pay with card over the phone, and they deliver your food while it is still hot.Great deal on the buffet - the Black Pepper Chicken is AWESOME! I filled my take out box to the lid at it was only $6!!!
Will be back - often - parking can be a little hard to get in and out - but that's normal for the area.OK - let me make clear - I'm a fan of their take out food.  Good selection and value (huge portions!).  The kung pao chicken is the best of their take out food that I've tried so far.  ($7.50)
The buffet on the other hand is pretty sad - the food is either too bland or just greasy.  Went once and tried the buffet and won't be back.  But I'll keep ordering the late night take out !Fantastic honey chicken!!!!! Like it's perfect and the portion is so plentiful. They've got a lunch buffet as well as a regular menu.Terrible food, terrible service but at least they used to deliver. Now they only deliver when they feel like it and their manager yells her lies about policies in your ear. Thumbs waaaaaay down.Bland. There was absolutely no flavor or heat to my Szechuan chicken. The chicken was boiled and tossed in the bland sauce it seemed like. The fried chicken was in fact not fried and also had chunks of the same bland boiled chicken in there. It's not even worth the price and it's already super cheap. Do yourself a favor and don't eat here.Two weeks ago we traveled to NOLA for first time. Enjoyed NOLA immensely! 
BUT, one evening we thought we would save a few $ and try some Chinese. Now, we are experienced with in-expensive Chinese and have several places in south suburban Chicago where we enjoy Chinese carry-out.  I don't think our expectations were very high for this place (yelp suggested it wasn't 'great').
Nonetheless were VERY disappointed with this place. Avoid it. The quality of the food was very poor, service mediocre to-poor.
If you are thinking of having an inexpensive meal you would be better off at someplace like Panda Express or McDonald's - not THIS place.My, SO, my brother, and I ordered a big dinner one night, hoping to get the double yummyness, but sadly we were a bit disappointed.  We ordered the pupu platter, 10 crab rangoon, deluxe fried rice, and sweet biscuits. The pupu platter had 2 Fried Fish, 2 Fried Jumbo Shrimp, 2 Egg Roll, 2 Fried Scallop, 2 Chicken Teriyaki, 2 Crab Rangoon, 2 Chicken Wings, 2 Fried Crab Stick.  All the items on the platter were reasonably good, nothing extraordinary.  The sweet "Biscuits" were kinda between donut holes and beignets, and were actually very good.  The fried rice needed more flavor.  Lots of ingredients, but needed some more oomph.
Delivery took an hour.  The delivery guy did apologize and say he was the only delivery person and they were really busy (it was Saturday night, shouldn't they have more than one delivery guy?).  I don't know.  We did get a LOT for our money - we were all stuffed.  But I don't think they deserve the second "yummy" in the name.  More like just "yum."Ick. This place sucks so much, that I can't find the words to express how disgusting their food is. Everything tastes old and greasy. Even the sweet and sour sauce can't cover it up, though then you would have to fight down the funky tasting S&S sauce, which also somehow tastes burnt and much like feet (how do you do it, yummy yummy?).
Also, since people caught on quickly not to eat there after they were suckered in with a random Chinese menu and hungry stomachs (like poor us), they must turn to littering their menu everywhere, hoping to convince people to try their crappy food. They come into my apartment building about twice a month and make sure to put one on every door, a bunch on the table piece, announcement boards, and sometimes just thrown on the floor for people to pick up. We just roll our eyes and throw them away. The best Chinese place to me would have to be Five Happiness, though sometimes it can be "hit or miss" with them. Still a heck of a lot better than this place though, no comparison.Food was very bland and took a long time to deliver.Nothing super special about this place, but if you want reliable Chinese takeout that's exactly what you want and expect from takeout this is the place. They are consistent and give you plenty of food for what you pay.Buffet is $12 and the menu ranges from $8-14 depending on the items you want. 
If you are running low on funds and hungry... this is a spot to be! It gets your Chinese food fix buttttttt it's not the best and it's not the worst but for the price, it's pretty hard to not come in and try it. 
Love the general tso's chicken and the bbq spare ribs. Definitely my top two items here that I like.
The hot and sour soup is definitely not something I'd every order here. 
Chow mein is alright but if you want noodles, I'd order it to eat but just go to the buffet to try out everything.Save your money.Super greasy .I've tried this place a few times because for some reason my bf loves it which amazes me he's a great cook.I was a little hesitant based on the reviews but was totally pleasantly surprised.  I made a delivery order for the broccoli with garlic sauce and the chicken egg foo young.  It was delivered quickly and the food was great!  The broccoli with garlic sauce is always a vegetarian standard for me... flavorful and kinda healthy... really hard to screw that one up.  The egg foo young on the other hand is very easy to screw up.  I've had disgusting egg foo young before... its' either great or awful there's really no in between... and this one was great.  eggs were crispy and the sauce was mildly sweet and not too greasy... just perfect.  Also the portions are big so I'll probably have leftovers for a day or two.  Highly recommend this place.The food is pretty good for the price. Take out and delivery is pretty fast. Eating in though? Sucks. 
Had to stand at the counter to order. Then I had to bring my drinks and utensils to the table. 
We ordered sweet tea and it was AWFUL. I'm sort of a sweet tea snob but I've had their tea before and it's usually pretty good. This batch tasted like it had sat too long on the counter and had gone bad. Bring the tea back to the waitress at the counter and tell her it tastes like it's gone bad. She gives me the third degree about it. Finally had to say look can we just get coke instead? She tells me to sit and she'll bring me the cokes. So I sit. Out comes our food... no drinks. She finally brings us the drinks... no straws. ARGH!
My sweet and sour pork was pretty good but my uncle's mandarin chicken was delicious. I ended up stealing half of his sauce. Ooops. #sorrynotsorry
Never saw the waitress again. No refills, no asking how everything was, nothing. Glad we paid ahead and I didn't have to wait on a bill.
Next time I'll do delivery and I'll make my own tea.
Mommy notes: One napkin each, no sauce for egg rolls (wheres my mustard?!?!!?), low lighting, disappearing waitstaff, no kids seats, can't fit more than 4/5 to a table (booths).Went with Wife and Daughter, their dishes were very flavorful and good. I ordered yat gaw mein and found it to be uninspiring. I will certainly go back, but not for soup.Probably the worst Chinese food I have eaten in a while the epitome of a poorly done cheap buffet 90% of the food on the buffet was old and cold I am truly surprised that the average rating is 3 Stars  avoid this placeGranted, this place is the McDonalds of Chinese food in NOLA. If you're serious about eating healthy, or looking to be wowed by sophisticated flavor combinations don't eat here. However, like McDonalds you get quantity for a low price. I've never had problems with service-I generally order to pick up because it only takes 15 min for them to prepare the food- as opposed to 45 min to deliver +added cost (also because my apt building is complicated and I don't really trust people to find my door). Sesame chicken is highly recommended...sweet and sour is not.If you knew a party of 34 are coming in. Stock the buffet!!!!!!! More concern about the party coming in, stock the buffet. 
I felt  today was a wash on lunch. I felt the buffet wasn't up to par. Many of the dishes stayed empty. 
Turn on the air conditioning system!!
I highly doubt I will be back. I am a local and run a restaurant blog.... 
I went up to the buffet to see what was available and when I returned the table next to my table put there dirty dishes on the table I was seated. Part of the Party 34! Very rude and nasty.For what it is (primarily take-out/delivery Chinese), it's perfectly fine.  I was skeptical, given some pretty poor reviews preceding mine, but my low expectations were delightfully exceeded with the product. 
Yummy Yummy delivered promptly, and the food, while not on par with 5 Happiness, was quite surprisingly tasty. 
All factors considered, I will endorse this establishment and order there again.Definitely not yummy at all. Service is bad, food was served slow and staff is rude. I ordered fried rice and wanton soup - both were horrible. The fried rice was dry, plain and tasteless. Wontons were equally bland and dough was made too thick. As a Chinese, this is probably the worst Chinese food I have ever tried. I do understand how they have the cheek to open the restaurant. Will definitely not be back again.We have passed by Yummy Yummy for some time now and finally decided to try them since we had a Uber Eats credit. The food was good. It was thought al Chinese take-out. Nothing extraordinary... but very tasty and gave us what we expected. We will be back.Honestly, i never thought it was the best food but it was good enough for the price. I would get from here cuz they're probably the cheapest chinese takeout around my area, not that other places are expensive this place is just the cheapest so usually id opt for this place. But idk what started happening to the meat in that past like 6 months or so but it's extremely weird and chewy/hard to tear (the chicken anyway) and the shape of the chicken bites are like just NOT chicken-y.... its not really like good meat bites its more just idk.... i feel like its not chicken. I dont know what animal im eating but i feel like its not a chicken. Besides the questionable meat they also started watering down their chicken sauces as well as the sweet & sour sauce they send with crab rangoons. Just literal flavored water kinda nasty. Probably wont get from here again.Lets face it cost effective Chinese delivery just doesn't exist anymore. You have to study the menu for a deal.
We stay abt a half a mike from this place and have tried almost everywhere close.
I like them because they gave fast delivery and good basics. Their egg rolls are pretty tasty without sauce and I can tell they use a good fresh oil to fry in ( unlike some of the others).
The broth in the Won Ton soup is really tasty and I am thinking about getting just that next time. Crab Rangoon is also good.
The downside is the fried rice is often too chewy and a bit dried out. Sometimes the dishes with deep fried meat in sauces are also a bit chewy but tolerable.  
This is a good " I dont want to cook" go to in the neighborhood. You can also grab some pastry or ice cream on the way out from Angelo Brocattos next door if you pick your food up.When i opened the front door and saw no customers , that should have been my tip off to turn around and try somewhere else . This has to be one of the worst chinese restaurants I have ever been to. I ordered the General Tso chicken combo plate , well General Tso must be rolling over in his grave , the chicken was slimy and the fried rice that came with it was yellow,I had never had yellow fried rice before and was hoping that the Mexican restaurant next door hadn't thrown it out , because it kinda looked like spanish rice,,,
I RATE YUMMY YUMMY 0 OUT OF 5 TURDS.This would be my least favorite place on earth. I went there 3 days ago for lunch with a friend and that's when our day went down hill. We order two different meal and mine came out first then his. I immediately spotted that I wouldn't like my meal so I waited till he got his to exchange it out. I walked up to the cashier/order taker quietly ask her Can I exchange it for something else and that I would pay the difference. She asked me and I told her I don't like it and I will pay the difference to exchange again. She told me I'm wasting food and then called her co-workers over and begin talk in Chinese in front of me. Then told me no she's not exchange it so I ask for my money back and they she told me they don't do refunds. So I asked why not and that I don't see any signs saying they don't do that. She then told me if I don't leave she would call the cops on me and my friend. Not alone that today my friend checked his bank account she charged him another 20$ on top of the bill and tip that he left her. The worst food and customer service I can say I have ever got. I would compare it to taco bell drive Thur and 2am.They are probably one of the cheapest Americanized-Chinese restaurants in the area!  Comparatively, I think their food is a few dollars cheaper than most other places.  Who doesn't love that!?
Their food was delish!  I ordered the chicken curry and some lo mein. The chicken curry was fantastic: plenty of quality meat, veggies cooked to perfection too!  However, I would say the noodles for the lo mein were a tad overcooked.  Still, really yummy and it might have been an off day!  I'll have to try them again sometime soon!Yummy...not exactly. In the past, we've gone to Red Star and the food is vibrant in color and flavorful, but a bit salty (read my earlier review). This time we decided to try Yummy Yummy because it's so close. Ordering online was super easy, and you can still pay when you pick up. Prices were average for take-out. Parking was in short supply (read: you'll probably end up parking illegally).  Inside is generic Chinese fast food look (linoleum floor, cheesy looking dining chairs and table) and a little dark. It looks like they run a lunch buffet. There were quite a few people dining in. I ordered the chicken lo-mein combo. It came with pork fried rice and an egg roll. DH ordered the shrimp with Chinese vegetables and a side of steamed rice. The egg roll was the first thing I tried and it was really good, so I was looking forward to the meal. I opened the container and was immediately disappointed. The rice was pale with no visible bits of onions or veggies that I typically see in fried rice. The bits of pork were anemic. The lo mein was darker than any I've ever seen.  Neither item had much flavor.  Even after being doused with soy sauce. Actually, both items tasted exactly alike. :-/
I tried some of DHs entree and it was better, but still nothing to write home about. 
This restaurant is highly rated by my friends, so maybe this was an off night? 
I won't be returning to Yummy Yummy.New Orleans Carrollton location:Worst chinese food I've had!! They serve YELLOW Crunchy RICE! Microwave egg rolls,imitation crab..Etc..Not authentic Chinese food..rate this place ZERO!This place is gross and cheap. On a budget and don't care about what you put inside your body? This is for you. There's some decent Chinese food in New Orleans. This isn't one of them.I finally found a place for good carry out Chinese food in New Orleans that I'm very pleased with. 
The food was delivered hot and very quickly. It was delicious -- quality ingredients well prepared. I look forward to ordering from them often and trying different dishes.I ordered from them via Waitr. I ordered a Chicken Chow Mien Combination dinner and some soup. I received a full size Chicken Chow Mien and soup, but no egg roll or fried rice, which was supposed to come with the combo. I called and was told to come pick up my missing items. Would I have paid extra to order from Waitr if I was able to pick it up!? No. Then they said to order those items, like I could possibly do that without incurring the delivery and small cart charges, let alone not tip the driver. I finally managed to get agile of Waitr and they called the restaurant to confirm the error and they agreed to refund me $5. Fine. 
But the worst part is what they were passing off as Chicken Chow Mien! 95% celery and onions, and about 5 small pieces of chicken--and no noodles?! I will absolutely never order from them again. So disappointed.I ordered the fried jumbo shrimp, shrimp fried rice, Chinese donuts and two spring rolls. The jumbo shrimp was really tasty and crunchy. The shrimp fried rice was okay, could have been fried longer I guess. The spring rolls were really good. The Chinese donuts were really good as well. I'm giving this business four stars because rice could have been better. But over all not a bad place to eat at if your looking for something quick and tasty.Love this place on Carrollton Avenue. Always fresh and hot. Their Egg Foo Young is the best.This is my first time eating at Yummy Yummy's lunch buffet and it will be my last.  I got there at 1:40 the buffet bar was practically empty.  The fried rice and lo mein that was left on the bar was dried out.  There was hardly nothing else to choose from. And they made no effort to really put anything else out. When they finally put out some more chicken it was such a small portion that it was all taken by three people. However you're expected to still pay the full price of the buffet. Lesson learnedWorst Chinese food I have ever
had. I ordered manderine chicken shrimp fried rice and an egg roll .The chicken was over cooked. It didn't look or taste like chicken.The sauce that they served with it was not the sauce you serve with Mandarin Chicken. The fried rice was okay. The eggroll tasted like they stuffed fried rice into an egg roll. Would not recommend this place.This is your classic cheap Chinese place that gives you standard portions that should last you multiple meals. The food itself is good as we've never been upset with the standard beef with broccoli, general Tso's, chicken pad Thai or chicken Lo mein (although the noodles are thicker than usual). The fried rice is pretty standard as well and they have canned soda if you have a craving.Mehhhh.... Extremely mediocre. I mean it wasn't bad.... But it certainly wasn't great either. This is food court at the mall Chinese. This is gas station Chinese. This is nothing in particular "I want Chinese, what spot is open?" Chinese. I would be highly surprised if anyone ever had a craving for this specific version of Chinese takeout. It's too nondescript. 
The hot & spicy chicken was both hot and spicy. The pork fried rice is rice fried with pork. The fortune cookie had a joke inside. The lunch buffet is neither extensive nor expensive. It is exactly what it is. 
The place is clean, the service is polite & quick. These are all positive things. I'll probably eat there again. There's safety in mediocrity.I love this place! I order delivery all the time. Love the chicken on a stick, crab rangoon, good noodle dishes too. Singapore mei fun is delicious. Good soups. Fast service. The lunch buffet is nice.Came during the Lunch Buffet time . There weren't too many people and the seater was very laid back and casual. Given that is was only 7.18$ total for the buffet i expected there wouldn't be THAT many options food wise. No more than about 20. For the price , it's nice. Only frustration is trying to find parking due to location.Yummy yummy look out for my tummy!  I ate a ton of yummy yummy and later had the best scatter crap of my life.  I'm not sure if I swallowed bones or not but you would not believe the racket when it hit the water... depth-charge style. I loved the street scene as i sat inhaling the chinese delight... sweet & sour something or other... at least the fur was taken off but the meat was kinda brown.  After 5 hours at the Red Door I highly recommend Yummy Yummy... that way you'll never know if it was the beer or the food that did that awful thing to your rectum. Bon Appetite!Let me begin by saying that Yummy Yummy is not bad food, it's actually decently yummy for your run of the mill neighborhood Chinese restaurant. The service however, is either God awful or atrocious - whichever you deem to be worse. Upon taking our order there was no number system, no confirmation, no acknowledgement, we were just told to sit at a table. Our party of four each ordered a combination plate and each couple shared a side of crab rangoon. The first order to arrive to the table was by itself and wrong, but at this point for fear of a revised order taking half the night we accepted the wrong order. The second order to arrive was also by itself, and roughly 7 to 8 minutes after receiving the first order. Soon after the second order arrived, the tables first order of crab rangoon made an appearance - once again by itself and roughly 7 to 8 minutes after the second order.  7 to 8 minutes later we received our third order, which was by itself and wrong. At this point we brought the food runner up to speed about our order discrepancies, because to be honest it's possible they truly had no idea as we were not the only table getting apologies and wrong food. So at this point we were three orders in with two being wrong and waiting our second order of crab rangoon and our final order. Eventually our third order was made correctly and brought to the table, by itself of course. Roughly ten minutes later our fourth order finally and triumphantly made it to the table, unfortunately the other three people in our party were already on the 'to-go box' portion of the meal. To round out our evening at Yummy Yummy, we approached the cashier and managed to get our money back on that lost crab rangoon that never showed itself.
The service was horrible, the table system was non-existent, the food orders throughout the restaurant were wrong and being dropped on various tables, we tried to be understanding throughout the process but the neglect to customer service was too withstanding.Lovethere food haven't had a problem yet. I eat here a couple times a week always fresh as hot