Didn't expect a letdown from Zara's.  Ordered ham/roast beef/Swiss from the sandwich counter.
Upon opening it there was ham and roast beef only, and barely any at that.  I checked the receipt as I recalled paying like fourteen something for everything.  Yeah, $8.99 for a poboy with less meat than a chain shop...Is Zara's more expensive than going to larger grocery stores on Tchop? Yes. Is their produce selection limited and sometimes not the freshest? Yes and Yes. But the selection is decent, there's no good leafy greens to be found at any of the other walkable grocery stores from my house, and the extra cost is well worth what I can only get there. If you find something is bad, they're great about allowing you to get a refund.They  have American Spirits by the carton, at a cheaper price than most places. I'm almost positive they started buying more, based upon my individual consumption.  The consumers and employees are quirky, helpful and friendly. They're always there to greet you and help you find stuff. Once, Kenny even gave me a recipe based upon the items I was buying. This was absolutely precious, and the recipe proved to be delicious. They have good, reasonably priced sandwiches at the deli. They have outdoor tables and seating to hang around at, eat, or just read a book. When I need to get out of the house but don't need a coffee or anything, I just bring a book over there and hang out. They have a generally good selection of items (breads, meats, dairy, canned soups). And, they're just a little stroll from my house.Yesterday we had oyster poboy and roast beef poboy - both dressed "to go".
They were huge and they rapidly cooked the ribeye for us so it was almost rare.
Today we bought some ground chuck, a hydroponic tomato, an onion and they GAVE us some pickles.
Couldn't have been nicer and we don't live "in the hood" - we're staying in a rental condo a few blocks away.
Little tables in front.  Reasonable wines.Zara's is small but packed with more than you could imagine, with everything from emergency cat litter for when my kids forget to tell me we ran out to the cheapest 4-pack of Nola Brewing Hopitoulas we've found. The produce leaves a lot to be desired, but if you need an onion or tomato it works. The prepared foods section is aces and a good alternative to pizza or fast food.
Obviously some things are going to be marked up, but that's a bit of the tradeoff to support small business. Just do it...and try the meatloaf.Another referral from a local that we tried while passing through Prytania.  This is REALLY a grocery store with a food counter.  If you need groceries, you can buy anything from melons to matchsticks!
We went there for the sandwiches.  Hubby had the turkey Po-boy dressed and I had the chicken salad on toasted wheat, also fully dressed.  I didn't know that I could get a "regular " sandwich fully dressed, but you can and you should.  The turkey Po-boy was good, but I would have to vote for the chicken salad at Zara's.  Nice chunks of white meat, good amount of onion and not too much celery. So perfect to me.  What I liked about the chicken salad is that it wasn't swimming in mayo, but it wasn't dry either.  
No complaints, just wish I had another because you know who ate a good portion of my other half.  Soooo, off to creamery 504 to fill up my tummy since I was still a bit wanton.  
I would go back for that sandwich and others.  I think that Friday is also fried fish day, so someone tell me how that works.Zara's is a solid, convenient, and affordable supermarket. They have a surprising range of products (from fancy cheese and organic milk to pig tails and turkey necks), and have pretty much everything I need--including a poboy or some chicken fingers for those quick lunches. The staff is friendly and treats me like a 'regular,' which is always appreciated. They occasionally have excellent sales on things like avocados.
You do have to take a close look at your produce and meats before buying--I occasionally find expired meat or dairy on the shelf. And if you're looking for grade-A produce or a range of tofu options, you'll have to head to the whole foods. But for most of your needs, Zara's is where it's at!Let me start by saying I absolutely hate going to the grocery store. It's just a bunch of little things that make me feel that way. I have been known to 'grocery shop' at Walgreens. Its a little more(but not too much) than a regular grocery store. They are limited but I don't care. At least I didn't have to go the grocery store. But I digress. I went to Zara's and was pleasantly surprised. It is actually smaller than Walgreens. That is a plus. They also have a better variety of things. It is also closer to my house. I think I may have found a new place for makin groceries. Thank you Zara'sPeople were very friendly here!!! They have a outdoor seating area if you'd like to enjoy your food outside but a lil hot in the summer!My absolute favorite grocery!  Highly recommended.I got a dressed catfish poboy and it was delicious.  Pretty much a hole in the wall place for tourists, and great place for locals.  I also tried their food at the bar - corn bread, mac n cheese, beans w/ sausage were all okay.  I would just stick to the bar or prepackaged food - they can warm up the prepackaged food for you if you just ask.  Price was fair.This is a nice little locally owned grocery that has a good selection of local items and some things you don't generally find at other area stores.  The size of this place limits the selection but they generally have most of what you need if not everything you want.  They have good prepared foods focusing on local dishes and decent to good po boys that are very generous on quantity.  The roast beef po boy is probably one of the sloppiest gravy drenched examples I've ever sampled.  This Zara's location is more pleasant to eat at than their other location on Prytania and they have much more seating.  This is definitely a very unique New Orleans shopping experience that reminds you more of a place in the French Quarter or Europe than the larger grocery stores ever could.Great store, great crayfish, head that way for your supplies and a fix. 
I'll be coming back next great when we make our yearly pilgrimage to Mardi GrasFor groceries, if it's the closest within walking distance and you need three basic things, it'll do - they're both (there's two, both on Prytania) small groceries with very limited selections.  If you've got to use a car to get here and/or need a fair supply of groceries, pass it up and go to Rouse's, Breaux Mart, Winn Dixie, Langenstein's, or even Walmart.  I cannot think of anything that Zara's "does best" when it comes to groceries.
As to the prepared food, the po-boys are not very good.  The sliced roast beef is "deli-type" (cryo-packed "lumps" of roast beef run through a slicer, just like at the Walmart deli) that they run through some canned gravy and the shrimp are what are commonly called "popcorn" shrimp.  The oysters aren't bad, but they are not particularly great, either.  The other prepared foods are so-so at best.  There are any number of places in the area that have better food, including po-boys.  If this place had to survive on prepared foods, it'd be gone in a week.  This might not mean much to non-locals/non-natives, but ask a local - "would you eat a po-boy at a place that has prepared plastic-wrapped po-boys on a counter?" and see what they say.  Well, Zara's often has po-boys, even shrimp, oyster, and fish wrapped in plastic on the counter.This is the little grocery store around the corner from our house; as such we stop in pretty frequently. It has a very convenient location for our needs and usually has most anything we're looking for, but prices reflect the convenience, and it isn't open long hours.
The short of it - Should you go out of your way to come here? No. Are you nearby and need something fast? the yes, stop by.Great market!
I was surprised to see that they have mostly everything considering the small size.
I loved my shrimp poboy!
Reasonable prices. Friendly staff! And they also have a rewards program which I think is great!Zara's RULES! If only they sold bunches of spinach! Some stuff (basil, produce) is way cheaper than Rouse's, some (milk) more expensive. They play decent music and most of the employees are characters. The lady cashier with the short white hair has the most wondrous yat accent.Good Roast Beef Po-Boys. The older markets fill a nostalgic void, and I can't help but love this place. The roast beef po-boy is made with sliced deli meat and really tasty gravy; it's neither traditional debris or sliced meat, and has a bit of a different flavor. The flavor of the deli meat is a bit different, but the overall result is so much better than so many of the bland debris versions around town. I'm not saying it's top-tier, but it is flavorful and will do in a pinch.Simply put-- this place is great. I live pretty close by and it's my No. 1 place to shop because they usually run discounts on certian proteins, vegies/fruits are good, cheeses are great, wine/beer selection is good. And the people that work there are all nice.This is one of those locally (family-)owned and operated neighborhood markets that you find less and less of these days. Groceries, dairies, fruits and vegetables, the whole nine for a reasonable price! Friendly staff and great service! Sure, you can probably save a few bucks by driving over to Walmart but... I won't.I mean really. How can you possibly visit NOLA and not get a po-boy?
That was on our list as we left town. My sweet hubby found this place and we just went. It's tucked away inside a neighborhood and the little place carries all sorts of delights.
The deli was unusual because it was so flipping TINY. What I really liked is that there was fresh prepared food to purchase. Gumbo to go said I!I got some Nola spices here so that's good. Shop in't big but if it were a deli it would be. I wish I had the stomach space/time to come back and try a hoagie and soup.Zara's, in my humble opinion, is absolutely perfect. I moved to New Orleans after visiting a handful of times and during those tourist days I always found my way to Zara's for poboys and deli products. It reminds me of a little neighborhood market in my hometown that could never, ever be captured in any large store like Winn Dixie or Rouses. Now that I live here and don't have a car I regularly get my weekly groceries here. Granted, it's a difficult business and sometimes there is some shotty produce or expired cheese that I find, but all in all the quality and prices are as on par as the large stores mentioned above and the people who work there are always courteous, not overbearing and not rude like Rouses. Plus, hooooooooly the deli food is MAGICAL. The spinich artichoke dip?! The muffalettas?!? The poboys?! The single La Croixs and olive salad with feta and the fact that they carry Halo Top?! Ugh, it's just... My version of perfect. They can have all my money any day. Plus, the patio!! Perfect for a sandwich and beer on a rainy day :)Love this little market, which is walking distance from our house. We often swing by to pick up a few groceries, and I usually end up buying a pound or two of the shrimp in the boat at the check out counter to boil as an appetizer. Their rewards program is generous, and I actually got a 2 for 1 po-boy coupon about a week after I joined. I had an oyster po-boy while my daughter had shrimp. I think their fried seafood po-boys are better than the other ones (my husband got sausage and cheese at the clerk's suggestion, which I did not find very interesting) though the spices in the batter remind me of fried chicken more than fried seafood. The staff is friendly and never gets impatient with me, even when a line starts forming as I struggle with one thing or another. I'm delighted to live so close to this great little market and intend to visit often.I really like Zara's. Their prepared food is really good - on par with Langenstein's - but they have a deli, po-boys, and a hot line too. They also have a nice outdoor seating area. The groceries themselves are a little expensive, but it makes sense given the size. The people are fantastic.Something about this little place just makes me smile. I love the fact that they seem to cram just about anything that you need in that small space! Plus, they make a darn tooting good Sammie.. I had the Turkey and Swiss dressed for under 7 bucks and I could only eat half of it!  You can't beat it. Plus they are always really nice and they play bad 70's love songs that everyone knows the words to. Today it was " Uptown Girl" everyone was walking around singing the words and bobbing their heads.. HA.. Good timesSo, of the two Zara's I think of this one as 'Big Mama'. She has everything you need: food, booze, kind service, a hot meal and easy accessibility. I just wish her ads were easier to read...This is my favorite neighborhood grocery store. I live only a few minute's walk from here so I stop in pretty regularly to pick up whatever is needed for dinner. Zara's is small, but has all you would need. I've never gone in and not found something I was looking for. Hubby also enjoys the hot-food station. Thanks Zara, keep doing your thing!Easy pop in and out store with everything you need, especially for a 2 person meal. All pre cooked meals we've tried are great! So long Winn Dixie and Rouses! (some of the prices are even better here)Zara's, in my humble opinion, is absolutely perfect. I moved to New Orleans after visiting a handful of times and during those tourist days I always found my way to Zara's for poboys and deli products. It reminds me of a little neighborhood market in my hometown that could never, ever be captured in any large store like Winn Dixie or Rouses. Now that I live here and don't have a car I regularly get my weekly groceries here. Granted, it's a difficult business and sometimes there is some shotty produce or expired cheese that I find, but all in all the quality and prices are as on par as the large stores mentioned above and the people who work there are always courteous, not overbearing and not rude like Rouses. Plus, hooooooooly the deli food is MAGICAL. The spinich artichoke dip?! The muffalettas?!? The poboys?! The single La Croixs and olive salad with feta and the fact that they carry Halo Top?! Ugh, it's just... My version of perfect. They can have all my money any day. Plus, the patio!! Perfect for a sandwich and beer on a rainy day :)We did a little grocery shopping for our Airbnb and also ordered the shrimp Po-boy with a side of hush puppies. GET IT. It's delicious!On the outside it looks like a diamond in the rough little small nothing really stands out when you go inside it's a polished gym they have ample amounts other accessories and plenty a large store food items at reasonable prices in the deli has the best poboys around for the money Plus is a locally owned deli so I say all in all keep the corner store  alive in this economy I say get you a nice sandwichZara's has a mixed reputation, especially post Katrina.  Urban legend has it that post storm the premises were expelled of all its grocery contents to the sidewalk next to the Kingpin where it rotted and rotted and rotted for a duration of time that fueled a level of inexcusability that lines have been drawn.  But I digress!
Then there's the Zara's that you can ring up the deli and saunter in for say may fav, a hot roast beef dressed on french w/pepper jack, and always enjoy a consistent price, presentation, and service.  Very New Orleans.
All of you basic grocery needs are handily met here, and most of the staff are not only pre-storm but offer a true bead on localism.zara's has some pretty good po boys.  although i'm a domelise's fan, zara's does the trick when everything else is closed.  it makes for a nice stop b/c you can grab beer, smokes, and whatever else you may need to get down with the get down.  the roast beef & gravy is my go-to here.  make sure you get provolone and/or swiss cheese on it.The market selection was pretty good, and the sandwich counter was great.  They also had tubs of fresh shrimp for sale.  They made a really good roast beef po-boy, and their pre-made food was pretty good too (especially the dirty rice).  The people working were extremely nice, and even offered to heat up the pre-made food when they saw I was looking for something to eat right then.I've shopped this neighborhood location for years.  
It is always nice to return. 
You must hit up the deli section in the back...some of the best budget food in town.I just had the best catfish I've ever had and it was 6.49 a pound on the Zara's hot bar! The Mac and cheese on the hot bar was bucatini with the think baked cheese skin and they just brought it out so I got a big well done hunk of it. The catfish was brought out while I was getting the Mac and cheese so it was as fresh as could be. A bottle of crystal was next to the hot bar so I could douse my catfish on site. The Mac and cheese was buttery and smooth, not too sharp in the cheese mix. Catfish was flaky, clean, and crunchy. 
This is a true neighborhood grocery that reminds me of the Italian grocery store in my hometown. They even have a rewards program that can get you free po boys and king cakes.
I'll go out of my way to give this place my businessStopped in here briefly on our way back from a swamp tour in an effort to try all the staple New Orleans fare. Read on the reviews that this quaint grocery store has a deli inside with lots of delicious options. We got a Muffuletta and a Shrimp Po Boy. I thought both were amazing. The Po Boy was a pleasant surprise as I'm not one for fried foods, but this was really a treat. I really liked the Muffuletta, as well. The ingredients were fresh and the bread was soooo soft (who else hates hard-as-a-rock bread on deli sandwiches??). As they were preparing the sandwich, I got a chance to shop around the store briefly and, for a small shop, they have quite a selection. The cashier was incredibly kind, taking an interest in the Cubs jersey - noting we were from Chicago on vacation. There's something to be said for the southern hospitality you hear about - it exists.I love this little place. I reminds me of a grocery in NYC. Everything you could think of is packed on the cramped shelves from floor to ceiling.  This is where I would come to get fresh shrimp, redfish and great thick cut bacon (before my bacon boycott).  Friendly people, a good sandwich counter and fair prices. All within a quick walk of my old Uptown house.Love this little Uptown grocery store.   I am always amazed at how they have so many items.   I can find things here that I can't find at Rouses all of the time.  This is the best Uptown grocery store to order platters and catering from during Mardi Gras too.   They always have the orders ready and even bring everything to the front and help you load into your car if needed.  Great customer service!The market is convenient and well stocked, if not maybe a bit pricey. The deli on the other hand is great! Love stopping in for a poboy or maybe something from the BBQ. Good soups, great crawfish Monica, and some guilty pleasure like jalapeño poppers or meat pies are all there.Great little supermarket in the Touro neighborhood. We ordered po-boys and a salad for lunch. They handled our custom requests for our order gladly. Great selection of groceries as well.Amazing po'boys. Whenever I leave NOLA for college I miss meals like this. Just try some. Their other selections are also pretty good.First time here today! Omg so many homemade choices and hot lunches ready to go! Staff was super helpful and nice! Will definitely be back to try more! Their glazed pecan chicken salad is amazing!Still my go to market for a quick trip. When I just need a couple of things, I can be in and out of the store in 10 minutes. And really isn't that worth 4 stars?
You have to check the produce carefully but the dairy cases seem to work better these days.
They still have butchers on site for shifts during the day but not all the hours that the store is open. Call if you need something special,
Their prepared food are good but are more downhome than fancy. A good place to stop for quick sandwich or hot lunch.I just ran in here one day to grab some water. It is really tiny but it seemed to have all the staples. I didn't eat anything from the kitchen but it smelled good.
Everyone working was friendly and helped me find what I needed. It's close to my house but I can't see myself doing my regular grocery shopping here because they wouldn't have everything I need. I can see myself going back when I'm trying to cook something and realize I'm out of that one key ingredient like milk or butter though.This my uptown store and always nice and the food is clean and the cashier always friendly.This is a friendly, small shop with more than you would imagine would be inside.  There is a nice wine selection, po' boys, typical grocery store needs, and  a section for pre-made food that's pretty good...the tuna wrap was very tasty.  It's a good idea for days when you're feeling lazy and don't want to make yourself anything.  I appreciate how quick everyone is to offer assistance and even make sure you have the proper bag and ask whether you're walking back home so they can double up for you.  I usually walk but I'd rather make the few blocks trip here to get what I need than drive to a bigger place unless I absolutely have to.After walking for hours because my friend looked on her phone and said that Creole Creamery was close* We all nearly wanted to pass out from walking in the heat/humidity!! Thank goodness Josh and Zara's were open. All of us immediately ran into this establishment and bought ourselves a jug of water. Not to mention this place was over indulged in A/c I was sooooooo thankful! I was a bit scared given the "White Linen Party," was on the same night and folks were beginning to close shop early.I don't know why we keep ordering sandwiches here because they rarely get it 100% right. Wanted a ham and Swiss with mustard - get a ham and Swiss with mustard and mayonnaise. Not a great surprise when you bite in and expect a whole other taste. Also wrong kind of cheese on another sandwich in the same order. Shouldn't be this difficult. Purely attention to the order taken.An unexpected treat, this fascinating delicatessen is situated in the back of a grocery. The staff was  friendly, the food exceptionally tasty, and the shrimp fried to perfection providing mouthfuls of deliciousness to the last bite.I LOVE this little market.  It's so small, but seems to have everything I could need, including fresh seafood!  The staff are always cheery and ask how your day is going; and the store is always clean and fully stocked.  The prepared foods are also excellent, and usually fresh.  It's crazy how they pack so much into such a small area.I was hesistant in writing about their poboys because I would hate to have people find out they are the best in the city but I can keep this secret no longer.  I love their poboys, not like a "yeah you're cool we could make it". It's like get off a plane, take the cab to Zara's and order 2, one for the 2 minute ride home and one for when I'm at home. This isn't to say they're poboys are small, I can just put down some shrimp cloaked in bread. The staff always says hey because me and my wife are in there all the time, we catch up on each others lives and its just a great place. Poboys, they got it. Chicken wings to go, they got it. Zapps, they got it. Brie and every sort of wine and beer to wash it down with, THEY GOT IT.  This place is a one stop shop, all you need to get you thru breakfast, lunch, dinner, the week, the month, the freaking apolocalypse people.  Stop in there, you can thank me later.I used to go to this grocery when I was a  little and always loved coming here after school. It's where my Mom would grocery shop because it was a few blocks from my childhood home!  Many years have passed but Zara's is still putting out amazing po-boys and hot food. What I really loved was that I could order a hot Shrimp poboy at 9am before the Saints game and my bartending shift! It arrived hot, crunchy and delicious!! I would defintely order it again or stop by and eat in the little outdoor seating area on a nice day!! The only reason it's not 5 stars is because they forgot my drink and Zapps! They have amazing King Cakes too!I really like this little Grocery store. Popped in for the 1st time on a Sunday morning for some breakfast necessities. Just one pleasant guy working the front register with his Saints jersey on. While this grocery is little, it still seemed like they have at least one of anything you would need. Next time I'll be stopping in for a po-boy or something...a supermarket that has served this city for 70yrs must be doing something right!I love this lil' supermarket. Despite the name, it seems to have pretty much anything you would need from a supermarket. I even found a lightbulb there the size I needed that I couldn't find at Target. There is a po-boy counter which looked delicious, though I didn't try it, as well as a bunch of other ready made foods, like tamales. There are also a number of local products including grind your own local coffee and a great deli section. On the Saturday I was there they were selling crawfish out in the parking lot. Highly recommended as a great local stop!They advertize "overstuffed" po-boys, while this is not the case, they are regular sized with your average amount of fill, and they are very, very good.  This is my #1 go to place for a quick bite. While in New Orleans, I never do "fast food", that said, Popeyes is not fast food, it's the best red beans in town (the #1 hang over food as well).
Back to Zara's, great selection of your higher end cheeses and meats. Roast Beef Po-boys are great. They oyster is a good price, but I prefer Parkway Tavern for that.
Their pre-made muffuletta is GREAT! Pre-made mac and cheese is very (zesty) and good as well.Great little market that has everything needed for a quick grocery run, and also if you have the hankering for great made to order po-boys.  My son and I shared a shrimp po-boy and I was done in five minutes.  I could have devoured an entire one myself.  Nice friendly staff, parking out front.Soooo some friends told me about their Bbq long time ago and I actually forgot about it! Yet one day while driving up Magazine it came back to my memory!  We are always in search of good bbq, so we thought why not stop by for lunch! I must say the Bbq was sooo good! The half slap of ribs! Omg! The baked beans! The grilled D&D smoked sausage!  Omg! Keep in mind my hubby is a bbq fanatic, therefore we have visited 3 times in 2 weeks looking for more!  They sell out very early obviously! The only drawback is that when you walk in and go to the back of the store to fix your own bbq plate your chased down by 2/3 staff-members from every angle of the store trying to observe your every move as if your going to steal! Its ridiculous! They do not play it off by offering help as other establishments! Therefore it's very clear that they are assuming we are coming in to steal! I leave my large purse in the car to see if that helps and we are still stereotyped as thieves! My hubby has on work clothes and even went in alone and it's the same treatment! It's sad that small businesses such as this one make us feel this way, yet it's really sad that they have to lose what could of been a loyal customer just by making assumptions based what they're used of! Not every African American that comes into your establishment is coming to steal! We expect to be treated as every other race that walks through your doors!I just love this place. People are so friendly. Small but amazing how much is available. Easy to get in and out. Good parkingIm always nearby this place and don't mind paying the convenience markup, but their card machine never works for me. 
It seems like I am the only person this happens to. 
My debit card is always rejected, and when I use my credit card it says chip malfunction. Both of those cards work at every other place 100% of the time. 
I end up going to CVS across the street instead which is a shame,  because I would rather support my local grocery instead.This review is for the deli counter that makes the best poboys in the city. Not only are they overstuffed, they are really affordable. Their bread has the perfect chew and crust. Order a fergie fully dressed with a side of napkins. Amazing. Get a shrimp poboy, terrific. Oh you need a hot sausage? They got that too. Catfish? Yup. I almost don't want more people knowing because I love how quick the service is. Solid underdiscovered spot!Not all po'boy's are created equal. This one is quite boring, in fact. Skip it for somewhere else! We got 3 different po'boys here and none particularly stood out as great. Also, they took way longer to make than we expected. 
Get their Crawfish Marion instead. Much better.Great Po Boys! We ordered a fried shrimp pizza boy and a roast beef P.O. boy. Very good flavor.As a supermarket, Zara's is just okay. The prices are along the lines of a convenience store, sadly, but they've got just about anything you want for one of those quick trips.
The real unexpected gem here is their deli. You wouldn't expect Zara's to make some really good poboys to rival a few local sandwich shops. But they do. I used to work a block away, and I couldn't help but frequent their shrimp or smoked sausage poboys. So, if anything, visit them for that. Otherwise, it's your standard family grocery outlet.They have everything you need (but maybe not the brand you want) and you can be in and out in 15 minutes.  What's not to love.
Oh, and they make yummy sandwiches.The first time we went to Zara's was back in 2013, when we were greenhorn visitors to New Orleans and looking for a grocery store to get some breakfast stuff. The second I set foot in Zara's, I knew it would become a long-term relationship.
This is the antidote to grocery superstores. Many of the people at Zara's have worked there for years, and they have an encyclopedic knowledge of exactly where to find things. And the selections are superb, especially for people that like to cook.
But if you're in a hurry and looking for some dash-and-dine, the crawfish Monica pasta is a little slice of heaven. Before heading back to Baton Rouge, my wife and I are in the habit of getting some of their crawfish Monica, because it warms the soul.Great neighborhood supermarket. However I'm no fan of their lunch buffet. I thought the chicken I ate from the buffet was lacking.I don't feel comfortable shopping at this store. I feel like an unwelcome intruder. The cashiers judge what u are buying, and I feel like all I want to do is buy my stuff and get out of there. They have wonderful stuff. So who cares?Kind of slept on as a poboy place. Quick, overstuffed, and there's something special about their bread....PERHAPS THE PUREST CHICKEN SALAD IN THE CITY
My buddy at the JCC recently turned me on to deadlifts to strengthen my core (I'm an old man, apparently it's important!) Problem is that deadlifts greatly tax protein levels, wear me out and make me ravenous. Zara's chicken salad is my goto after-meal. Being almost 100% shredded white meat it packs about 70 grams of Protein, just 8 grams of Fat and 0 Carbs per cup.
IT'S AN HOURS LONG PROCESS,
But that yields its addictingly sumptuous, chicken broth flavor. Lou has been making this recipe for decades. He starts by boiling the birds with simple spices and chopped vegetables. The chicken is then shredded (the key to its moistness) and very little mayonnaise is added. The healthiest version has a sparing amount of apple and diced green onion. Currently it's priced at $6.99 a pound (that's 2 quality meals for just $3.50 each!)
ZARA'S OTHER NOTABLES:
- their housemade Better Cheddar is better and spicier than Langensteins
- they usually have at least a 2:1 filling-to-bread muffuletta ratio
- wine specials are often less expensive than Breaux Mart or Rouses
- the large array of packaged entrées and sides are all made in-house
- it's not cheap but Zara's has a rewards program and weekly ads.I've tried the eggplant Parmesan and the half shrimp half oyster po-boy and both were absolutely delicious! I liked the shrimp one is much I came back the following day to get try the eggplant one and both were absolutely perfect. Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy and affordable meal!Great new orleans traditional local grocery they make great food including to-order po-boys an Corn Pudding TO DIE FORThe little grocery that could... 
I've been shopping with Zara's for decades. They are a solid choice for a quick shopping trip or some tasty takeout.
They have a good selection of all the basics and often do boiled crawfish or BBQ as well. 
These days they are also offering curbside/delivery of groceries via email/phone call. And have prepared foods on a couple of the other apps.
It is hard to be 6 feet away from anyone else in such a small store. But you can also get in and out quick quick.Amazing! Craving a PoBoy, a real PoBoy on real French bread. Got a shrimp and a roast beef! Amazing! Perfect! 
Cute little grocery store... 
Picked up a 1/2 pound of hogs head too! My kinda authentic place!Zara's never ceases to amaze me how it has exactly what I need given it's diminutive size! The staff is great and friendly. Even if I didn't live nearby I would come here to shop! Prices are on par with large grocery chains.Truth in advertising, amirite? The storefront takes up so little space on Prytania but the building goes aaaaaaaaallllll the way back. This place is right on my way back from work, and it seems like I stop here at least once a week to pick up some small ingredient for dinner: Lemons? check. Tomato sauce? check. Wine? check. 
The prices seem a little high, but hey--they've cornered the market on itsy-bitsy local groceries in the neighborhood, so you can't really begrudge them that. 
I can't vouch for the pre-made food, but there is a lot of it. Staff are friendly--one wished me Happy Valentine's yesterday--and I like that some regulars are even more regular than me and seem to be on a first name basis with everyone there.I am a local shopper since we need to keep New Orleans locals in business ... and even more now!! 
I have been buying most of my groceries from Zara's on Prytania Street for decade since they are locally owned and in business since 1940. My grandmother and great grandmother use to buy fresh fruit and vegetables from third generation.owner Albert Zaras grandfather.
It's a fabulous small grocery with an astounding display of goods including a great deli, plus a wall cooler with lots of home cooked choices like eggplant or chicken parmesan, seafood gumbo, quiche, meat loaf, meatballs with or without spaghetti, lasagna, crawfish Monica, tasty ready to eat cold options - egg, tuna or chicken salads, pimento cheese and a couple other delicious cheese spreads, a couple of spinach dips (I like the one with artichoke). Like any typical deli they sell meats and cheese sliced as you like it but they also have Zara's ham, turkey or roast beef - plus fabulous po-boys, sandwiches with bread choices, and muffalettas. Some of the food choices are main staples with other changing options like my favorite butternut squash soup. There is a roofed outside eating area plus you can order from the outside deli window. 
When things get back to normal they have their own butcher so you can get order great meat selections, a hot food bar serving breakfast then changing specials every day, plus there is a "heat box" with fried or baked chicken and chicken tenders, plus more items that were cooked that day like tamales, egg rolls, meat pies or boudin sausage. They have great holiday party platters, oyster and cornbreat dressing and you can order cooked whoe turkeys. They have great bar-b-que cooked under a tent on Saturdays. I was married for 14 years and was once asked if I missed being married. Without thinking I replied that I missed the grilling - so a half rack of ribs really makes me happy. (PS - They obviously sell out early!) 
But back to what inspired me to write all this. I had an accident a couple of months ago with one of the wounds getting infected so besides being elderly with health issues, I now have a compromised immune system from taking eight rounds of antibiotics with five IV rounds while in the hospital. So I have to be more vigilant that most in these current coronavirus times of uncertainty. I see that the owner posted this commentary that we can all shop early since there are not many people there when they open ... and now I can sit it the car and they will shop and bring my items out to me without having to go inside on one of my "mo worser" days ... as can any of you whether elderly or having issues needing help. 
I just leamed today that Zara's is now offering delivery in the nearby area  on Mondays and Thursdays with a delivery window of 2pm to 5pm for a $7.95 delivery fee with a minimum $50 order. You can fax your grocery list to 504-895-1092 or  email: orders@ZarasMarket.com 
Then they will call to verify.so include your number plus address.
Many of the workers have been there for years and most of them are very kind and want to be helpful so it is more like the "old days" when everything was locally owned except Walgreens. Zara's is a true neighborhood grocery that I could not live without!!
I found this post: Safer grocery shopping for those over 65
Here at Zara's Lil' Giant Supermarket 4838 Prytania St., customer's over 65 can bring your grocery list and call us from the parking lot 504-895-0581. We will come get your list, fill your order and bring them to your car. Also, the store is very quiet in the mornings from 7:30-9am for those who still enjoy walking the aisles.We will start delivering Mondays and Thursdays with a delivery window of 2pm to 5pm. Including groceries, heat and eat options, beer, wine and liquor.LOVE the chicken salad here.  
For late night booze/drugs/snacks, I'm at the CVS across the street waaaaaaay more than I care to admit but never wandered into Zara's before.  After reading a glowing review of their chicken salad and its nutritional content (thanks Charles H!) I decided to give it a try on french.  This chicken salad had a great flavor and was not drenched in mayonnaise, like so many other chicken salads I've tried (and subsequently thrown away).  They also make another chicken salad with pecans and fruit and it is mmmmmm good.  
They also have a good selection of groceries at very fair prices, as well as a great selection of prepared foods (Steak tips anyone?).  As one might expect, the selection of local products is great too.  
Definitely another great spot within walking distance of my house.  Love it!This is an awesome neighborhood store! 
My first introduction to Zara's was when my best friend/brother, Dennis, brought me here bc he raced about their sandwiches. Now before I knew about yelp, Dennis was my NOLA food guru so I trust his food choices implicitly. And he didn't steer me wrong!
Now I stop by this store when I'm in the area every few weeks or so and get snacks or some prepared food. I've had their sandwiches, muffalettas, meat pies, and other prepared foods and it's tasty! Apparently I showed up early enough in the evening one night when there was prepare hot food you could choose and it looked tasty!
Like my Yelp friend, Charles, said they have a free loyalty program so if you frequent this place often then definitely sign up for the loyalty card! And no sweat if you forget your card bc they can look you up based on your phone number.
The staff that work here are pleasant, friendly and helpful. Like any neighborhood store it may be a little pricier and a smaller selection but you definitely get treated nicely here!
Happy food shopping!Look, I love Zara's. Great food at great prices. But every time I go the customer service gets worse and tonight had me actually laughing at the absurdity.
Go to order an oyster po-boy, ask how much it is today. It's listed on the menu as MKT so obviously it fluctuates. The guy behind the counter looks at me and then looks back at the board and says "whatever it says up there" like I'm being difficult. I said it's market price, so what is the market price?
"If it's not on the board I don't know." Girl behind the counter sees what is going on and does not step in to help or answer. The guy isn't budging, won't ask someone to find out the price, just flippantly tells me "it's expensive, probably the same price as a shrimp or more."
I get annoyed and just go ahead and order a roast beef.
When I get to the register I ask the clerk how much for an oyster po-boy today. She says "whatever is on the board." I said the board says market price so what is the price today? She then proceeded to explain to me what market price meant. I'm laughing, incredulous. She finally asks another employee (a manager maybe?) who gives a price instantly as he passes by. (A bit over $15 if you're wondering.)
I would have ordered one if I had known the price. I told the guy that, I told the clerk that. She shrugs and says "it costs different every day depending on the oysters. That's market price."
No shit. I'm gonna give Zara's a break for a while.