I predict Zasu will be the best new restaurant of 2019. Zasu has only been open for two weeks and already the food can be described as no less than stunning. Chef Sue is knocking it out of the park - she is back with a vengeance! Run, don't walk, to this phenomenal new gem in mid-city. 
We attended as a party of 8 and therefore tried most of the appetizers. I do not consider myself to be someone who normally likes octopus, but the baby octopus appetizer will make a convert out of the most reluctant. If you like octopus, this may become your absolute favorite octopus dish in the city...or anywhere. The murder point oysters with Meyer lemon granita are light, delicious, and salty fresh from the sea.  The goat cheese agnolotti is served with homemade potato chips on top; the contrast in texture and saltiness of the chip/sweetness of the cheese, is sublime. The grilled lobster curry is as good as it sounds, and the portion is very generous. The wagyu carpaccio - is healthy and super delicious.  The final appetizer we tried was an Asian fried veal rib with scallion egg fried rice - fantastic and not to be missed. 
As for entrees, there are three fish dishes: halibut, snapper and flounder. You really can't go wrong with any of these dishes. All three are outstanding. There are also pierogis, which are so good a carnivore won't miss the meat, and a really beautiful and contemporary version of beef bourguignon.  Someone at our table had chicken and loved it - I would not ever order chicken while eating out so I did not waste any room in my stomach on that dish. 
For dessert, we tried the chocolate pot du creme, which had cocoa nibs, sea salt and whipped cream - this is rich and wonderful if you are a chocolate lover. The apple-cranberry crisp with bourbon ice cream was my husband's favorite, and it is a winner.
.
The decor is modern, warm and inviting, an enormous transformation from those who remember Rue 127 (I liked Rue 127, you just will not recognize the place). The front of house and wait staff are friendly, and make you feel like you are a special guest. We can't wait to return again and again!Couldn't be happier to have the fine talents of Sue Zemanick back on my plate! Got a Rez last Friday and had such a delightful meal. The oysters with Meyer lemon granita was a great start followed by hearts of palm salad and succulent grouper. Loved my smoky old fashioned and homemade ice cream too. Can't wait to go back!Excellent fish dishes. Appetizers are very good. Service is terrific. Would like it better if there are more seafood choices.Great food. Extremely loud. Drinks came after the appetizer. Waitress explained the desserts to me so my wife couldn't hear. That wasn't good. Never brought us bread but other tables seemed to get it. Hope they improve because the food was deliciousExcited for the opening of this restaurant. Arrived for the earlier seating mid-week and the host was friendly and our server was quite knowledgeable. His recommendations for wine and food were spot on. 
We started with the octopus, veal shirt ribs and agnolotti. The agnolotti was absolutely divine. Octopus was good and perhaps since I'm of Asian descent wasn't as keen on the shirt ribs with a hint of the Korean flavors. It was still tasty, but given the authentic Korean food available to me where I live (City of angels) when I go back I would pass on that dish. 
Both salads were delicious. The fried and shaved hearts of palm and roasted and raw radishes were both bright, crisp and flavors really on point. The pickled quail egg was a delightful bite. 
For entrees. The sautéed snapper was cooked to perfection and accompanying white beans had me going back for more. Sautéed Halibut was good, but my preference is snapper to halibut as a fish overall. Personal preference. The wild mushroom and potato perogies were a standout dish and not to be missed. 
I was SUPER excited for the pot de Creme. One of my all time favorite desserts. For me, it was a bit on the richer side (I prefer mine a bit lighter) but the warm olive and cornmeal cake was surprisingly tastier than I would have thought. Great texture and just the right amount of sweet to round out our meal. 
Will definitely be back.A great new addition to the already amazing food scene in NOLA, and one to watch out for in the coming years. 
Our table got overly excited about the menu and ordered a bunch of dishes so we were able to sample the breadth and depth of the chef's ingenuity. At the behest of our waiter's expert recommendation, we ordered the highlight dishes of our night: Agnolotti, Hearts of Palm, Perogies, cornmeal bread. 
The Agnolotti was an amazing app while underwhelming in presentation, knocked the ball out of the park with the flavors and texture. 
The Hearts of Palm, sourced and shipped directly from Hawaii, is a must order. The combination of fresh cut and fried Hearts of Palm, roasted radishes, and quail egg was simply divine. Clean, crisp, and delicious--another delightful surprise.
Finally Perogies, boy, do I wish there were more than three on the plate. 
We rounded out our meal with a semi-savory desert. One that again, I would highly recommend. 
A special shoutout to our very knowlegable Kiwi waiter who also made great wine recommendations to go with our meal. Our experience would not have been as great without his input. (Better keep him around!)
Summary rating of our meal: Grilled Octopus (4stars), Korean Shortribs (4stars) Artichoke Agnolotti (5stars), Hearts of Palm (5stars), Halibut (4stars), Mushroom Perogies (5stars).I had the most delicious meal last Friday night. It was my first time at Zasu and it was memorable. The building remodel is very quaint. We started the meal with two appetizers. The first was a mushroom appetizer which was very savory. The other appetizer was a shrimp appetizer. It too was very pleasant. I had the snapper with eggplant in a curry sauce. The fish was cooked perfectly and the sauce was very tasty. My girlfriend had the flounder special. It was amazing. We finished the meal with homemade sherbet and ice cream; very satisfying and delicious. We will be back!The food is excellent! The lobster appetizer is exquisite. All the fish entrees are divine. The passion fruit creme brûlée was so yum! 
The reason I am only giving it 4 stars is because the restaurant is super loud and could benefit from some background music and some more sound dampening boards. Also the kitchen needs to expedite better. It's not a well oiled machine yet. You will wait a long time for each course. Our meal took about 2 1/2 hours from start to finish on a busy Friday night. It was over an hour before we got appetizers. So, just be prepared to wait... the food is worth the wait. I'm sure it will run smoother as they work out the kinks.Wonderful experience...wonderful food.  Had dinner here on Saturday night for a special occasion.  Our waiter was excellent.  Food was excellent, from the briny yet sweet, petite oysters to the short ribs to the mouth watering, perfectly prepared trumpet mushrooms, and the the snapper, and the halibut, to the delectable dessert.  Portions are rather small, but the positive side of this is that you leave without that feeling of being stuffed, and wake up in the morning feeling refreshed.  Wine offerings were nice.  The personal service from our waiter only added to the wonderful evening.Started with the agnaloti, delicately flavored and slightly citrusy, the pasta was perfectly cooked. Moving on to the trumpet mushrooms- although meaty and packed with a strong earthy flavor, the portions were too small. The steak was excellent, medium, with crisp potatoes - light and airy on the inside.Best dinner in NOLA! Sophisticated, subtle, multi-layered flavors. Serving from a cute little house on Carrollton, it's sexy, comfortable and unpretentious. The bartender's specialty, the Old Fashioned w Absinthe (!) was smooth as butter!
Agnolotti appetizer was the best I've ever had! Beef Bourguigone and Red Snapper were stand-outs! Olive oil corn cake dessert was light and delicious. 
Chef Sue has created a welcome alternative to the big, bold NOLA flavors! You must try!Disappointing, unremarkable food. Very bland. Appetizers were inconsistent. My octopus had three small pieces of baby octopus. Lobster and oysters were good. For entrees we had the almond crusted grouper and halibut. Halibut was overpowered by the kimchi and a very narrow "slice" of fish. Grouper had absolutely not a hint of almond flavor in the crust. Expected much more from Sue considering her abilities as shown during her time at Gautreau's. Some dishes were interesting and tasty. Just not enough, overall, to bring us back. Sorry!Although slightly disappointed there were no Lion King paraphernalia, we enjoyed our outstanding experience. Upon entering the small, seatless bar is immediately to the right. This is where the hostess stood immediately greeting and showing us to the table. There is only street parking in this area, so be prepared to walk a little to the restaurant. She left us with the cocktail and wine menu. My date ordered the Oaxacan Old Fashioned, a mezcal twist on the original. It was good, and he enjoyed the slightly smoky flavor. The wines by the glass were limited, but had good offerings. 
The server brought over the food menus. Immediately you can tell this was a well thought out menu. A little something for everyone and all sounded solid making our choices difficult, but already giving us reasons to come back and try the other selections next time. They did offer off menu specials as well. 
For our first course, we had the beef carpaccio. Sliced thinly with the perfect amount of blue cheese and we enjoyed the pickled vegetable with it. 
For the main entrees, we had the Halibut and Wild Mushroom Pierogies. My date ordered the halibut with English Peas and hericot verts served over a delicious broth. The fish was cut thick and cooked perfectly. The table next to us each ordered a different fish, and while I can't speak to how the other dishes tasted the halibut looked the most delicious. 
The pierogies were a solid light choice. They were served with asparagus slices and sautéed onions over a white sauce. The onions added great flavor to the dish and the shell of the pierogie was one of the best I have ever had. 
For dessert, my date ordered the passion fruit creme brûlée. The tropical flavor was not overpowering at all and enjoyed their take on this. I ordered the coffee cake crumble semi freddo which was outstanding. I'm a fan of toasted pecans and enjoyed the coffee flavor of the ice cream. Next time we might share the pavlova, but the rest of the desserts seemed sized for an individual. I would rather my own dessert, so I was pleased with that. 
We will definitely be back and are so thrilled a new restaurant can hit every mark.We have eaten twice at Zasu. We tried different dishes each time and they were all delicious and perfectly crafted. Some favs were the octopus appetizer, hearts of palm salad, the grouper entree and the perogies.  The vibe is also really nice and friendly. Looking forward to returning again!We loved Chef Zemanick at her old place and I was impressed with her tonight at Zasu.  To be fair, I was on the fence between 4 and 5 stars.  At any rate, we had a great dinner.  Below is the breakdown for our 3 course meal.
Apps:
1. Veal short ribs: great piece of meat.  Good marbling.  Dish had an Asian bend with a soy glaze and some fried rice with egg.  Loved it.
2. Artichoke and goat cheese agnolotti.  I don't know the difference between agnolotti and ravioli but I'm a fan.  Had a hint of lemon.  Another strong app order.
Soup & Salad:
Lobster bisque: it was a special.  It was pretty decent but I was not in love with it.  Fair amount of lobster but the bisque taste was a little bland for me.
Fried and shaved hearts of palm.  Shari V loved this dish.  I liked it.  Deep frying a thin slice of hearts of palm was interesting.  Gave a typical salad an interesting twist.
Entree:
Beef bourguignon...excellent.  Beautiful piece of meat.  Again, great marbling.  Loved the sauce.  Rich and tasty.
We had an excellent server, Johnny.  He was pretty much Johnny on the spot.  Not intrusive but always around to check in.  He never let our water glasses go dry and gave nice explanations of the dishes.  
As for the restaurant ambiance, I found Zasu to be very comfy.  It certainly had an upscale feel.  I think I'll dress a bit nicer for our next visit.  
Overall, we really enjoyed our evening at Zasu.  I am certain we will repeat.Zasu is the best new restaurant in New Orleans in recent memory. All of the food was fresh and innovative.  It is very apparent that only the freshest ingredients -from the fish to the mushrooms-are used by the skillful kitchen.  I recommend anything with seafood but the carpaccio and beef bourginon are also outstanding.  Try the Oaxaca Old Fashioned from the creative bar menu.  The dining room is beautiful and inviting and makes for a really fun atmosphere.  It's great for a romantic dinner or a night out with friends.Was very excited to try this new Mid-City gem and it did not disappoint. The space is a former cocktail bar that they have renovated brilliantly - it feels cozy yet spacious with a beautiful small bar (without chairs/stools) immediately next to the door when you walk in. It is a new spot, but it seems they have already worked out any kinks. 
Chef Sue Zemanick (well known to the Nola food scene) is at the top of her game and every member of her team is eager to make a good impression. We enjoyed the grilled baby octopus, asian pear and fried celery root salad, and a triple-threat of fish entrees in the grouper, snapper, and special of the day red fish. Cannot go wrong with any, but the grouper may have won the prize for our group. The coffee semifreddo for dessert capped off a delicious evening.Small menu, fairly small space but they make good use of it and the tables aren't crowded together (though it does get quite loud when full).  Everything we had was very good, I can't necessarily say any single dish completely blew me away but every plate had the best quality ingredients cooked perfectly with a number of different complementary items & flavors.  The wine list is small, as expected for a new restaurant, but smartly chosen including some nice glass pours and the cocktail options are very unique.
As expected from Sue Zemanick and team, Zasu is one of the better restaurants in New Orleans and I presume it will evolve and continue getting even better over time.Great service and great food! Recommend the snapper! Even the beef was great! Just a fantastic experience and will definitely come back here again!What a lovely, romantic place.  Impeccable service for fine dining.  Cocktails were good enough, wine list fair priced with a tasty Pinot Noir.  Oysters with lemon granitas were delicious to me, a bit overpowering to my companion; carpaccio had a little blue cheese note, was fresh and tender; baby octopus was PERFECTLY cooked on top of crisp snap peas; a simple mushroom dish was packed with flavor and texture; the watermelon tomato gazpacho with minced shrimp was spiced so well as to set the benchmark for this dish; we unconditionally loved the mushroom pierogies; the chocolate ice cream was delicious.  We will return soon.I went for the first time the other night based on a recommendation from a friend. I'm a huge fan of the head chef Sue Z  and lemme tell you, it was fabulous tasting and of course beautiful to look at! Everything was amazing! We had a few appetizers: best oysters I've ever had, baby octopus was so soft and delicious, pumpkin soup and a radish salad that had a pesto sauce. For the entree I got the beef bourguignon. It comes with a steak knife but it was so tender I only needed a fork. My new favorite restaurant in New Orleans and that's a bold statement!Great service!
Fantastic meal!  Cocktails amazing! Halibut prepared excellent! 
All staff was very friendly!One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans...ever. The chef was fantastic and she stopped by the tables to greet her guests. The staff was charming and the decor is beautiful and lush even in its simplicity. (The Jason Horton painting was perfection) 
However, it is ALL ABOUT the food! The lobster curry app and the grilled octopus app were incredible. The radish, parsnip, and hazelnut salad was something totally new for me. For our mains: the potato & mushroom pierogi was killer as was the grilled snapper with white beans. Yummm! Lastly, the passion fruit creme Brûlée, and the chocolate pot was the best way to end the meal.Food was great. Service was on point. The bartender was a young blonde girl--she made wonderfully mixed cocktails for the entire restaurant while maintaining composure and keeping a smile on her face. I was very impressed. We ordered the two specialty cocktails with bourbon, mahi and grouper.I picked this spot for my annual visit to New Orleans after seeing it on Eater 38's hottest list and hearing about the James Beard award winning chef. The service and wine was absolutely fantastic -- but the food was a solid 4 stars, not 5 -- perhaps because I expected more based on the reviews and being in New Orleans. Everything we ate -- from the octopus, to the poached shrimp, to the crusted grouper with crawfish, to the snapper with Indonesian curry -- was perfectly prepared. But it was just missing flavor and wow factor. There wasn't really any spice to anything, including the curry, which is surprising for New Orleans. The crawfish on the grouper could have had more of a decadent étouffée consistency, so I wouldn't be missing the hot dog sauce at Dat Dog. The curry could definitely use a bit more of a kick, even though it was very good. The shrimp were tender and very good, but not memorable at all -- which I think sums up the meal: very good, but not memorable.Delicious! Tried it on a whim because it was near to our Airbnb and we were in need of a date night. I regret nothing I ate. We did the oysters, soup du jour, grilled baby octopus, short ribs, and passion fruit créme brûlée. Lovely atmosphere and excellent service.Going to this place first for my NOLA trip just ruined the rest of my trip.
Because no where else could compare!
First off the decor and the hospitality is 10/10. I love the green and everyone was the best at getting people served and at the same time turn tables fast enough to get people in and out (very small space).
The entree dish I had was the goulper and I keep dreaming of this fish. It was so moist and flaky and the sauce that accompanied it was heavenly. Must get this!! 
Also they had a special of corn soup and it tasted like corn potage I was so amazed.
Thank you again Zasu for setting my expectations too high for the rest of my trip. Nothing else compared.This is by far the best meal I have ever had. The octopus app, Asian pear salad, saltine crusted halibut, and pirogies were amazing. Really liked the atmosphere. Spot on service. I will definitely return in the near future.While searching for a place to treat ourselves, Zasu came at the top of our choices. The menu seemed interesting and location not too far away from where we were staying. Getting the reservations to it was the most challenging part. When we got ourselves a spot, we were extremely pleased. We arrived earlier than our reserved time and seated in 10 minutes of waiting. The restaurant is very small and the noise as every other reviewers point was loud. After we gave our drink orders, we scan through the menu one more time. It was hard to choose with so many great options. We ordered salad, grilled fish and a vegetarian ravioli. All of the flavors amazed us. To top it we wanted to give a try to desserts. Pavlova was so good, fresh and crunchy. The service was attentive and accommodating to few of our requests. We were pleased with this dining experience.This gem of a restaurant is definitely worth a visit when in NOLA. We did not have a reservation, but took our chance and was able to be seated within 5 minutes. The restaurant is small and well set up for dining; cozy without feeling cramped. 
We started with cocktails beautifully crafted by Tyler, the talented mixologist. When it came time to order our food, it was difficult to decide which selection to make as all sounded so good.
Started with a bibb lettuce salad with apples and blue cheese topped with quinoa. Delicious and light. I ordered the special entree for the night, a red fish with Brussels sprouts and mustard spaetzle. Wow. Fantastic! My husband ordered the halibut and vegetables spiced with dukkah. Another excellent choice. My son ordered the braised short ribs. Phenomenal.
The atmosphere is lively, filled with happy customers and staff. Zasu deserves the many accolades it consistently receives. I highly recommend this restaurant to foodies and non-foodies alike. There are delicious selections for everyone.One of the best new restaurants in New Orleans, hands down. I am a rather picky eater and the menu surprised with its tastiness. Artichoke and goat cheese ravioli, sautéed snapper, and pear salad were all delicious. Amazing watermelon granita raw oysters as well. Space is small and a bit loud, and no seats at the bar, but the food crushes it which is really all that matters. Desert to top it off was excellent - please never get rid of the thin mint peanut butter ice cream!This was a great experience from beginning to end. The reservation process was easy, I received a follow-up email and confirmation call and the table was ready for us when we got there. The hostess was super friendly, we threw her a curveball by adding a third person and she quickly accommodated. We had three appetizers, the mushroom, the octopus and the shrimp and I can pick which one was the best, they were all super delicious.
We each had a fish dish and they also were amazing. Great wine selection, knowledgeable waiters and great service not to forget that the place is super cute. Go get there quick!A truly amazing and foodie place-  we ordered 5 dishes and all five were perfect.    
My favourite was the king mushroom appetizer which was made with flowers and had a spectacular combination of flavors.  I ordered a flounder for a main dish and that was amazing as well.   Ie the food is definitely five star.  The service was also great so five star for that.
The rest I would say is more 4 star - the alcohol menu is nice but not great and the I interior is pretty but I would say the noise level is kind of high.
In general though - I definitely recommend coming here.It's been a while since I have been blown away by a new restaurant in NOLA but Zasu did it. We wanted to order almost everything on the menu and every dish we wound up ordering delivered. The octopus and lobster were standouts: Interesting flavors that kept you intrigued, yet balanced with technique that kept them familiar. Our cocktails were traditional yet innovative. They were well balanced and reasonably priced. We will be back. Real soon.Had THE most amazing dinner at Zasu last night under the direction of James Beard Award winning Sue Zemanick! Our waiter, Johnny was so well informed, patient with all our questions and we loved his New Zealand accent. Dining in NOLA adds meaning to a good life and Zasu should be on your MUST DO list.
Now let's get to the food. We were a group of 6 and shared everything. Chef sent out a salmon tartar that melted in my mouth. It sat upon a perfect potato chip. Then on to appetizers we had grilled baby octopus and wild mushroom and potato perogies. The octopus was tender and was served on smokey eggplant. The perogies were lighter than I expected and so flavorful. For the salad course we had asian pear and celery root slaw and hearts of palm salad. Celery root is a personal favorite and not often found. Zasu's slaw did not disappoint. The asian pear was crispy and sweet and the combination is a great call! Oh did I mention Chef Sue made her way to the dining room and we had a lovely conversation. She's warm, engaging and her passion for food was evident. Before we move on to the main course, I must mention that the bread (an oft overlooked restaurant item) was warm and crunchy and we had too much with yummy olive oil. Ok, main courses--dukkah crusted halibut and sauteed snapper along with brussel sprouts. Again, can't really say which fish was better?! The halibut was thick, juicy and spiced to delight. The snapper was crisp and moist. So pleased we got both. We finished off the evening with strawberry sorbet, carrot cake and coffee semifreddo. the sorbet was so refreshing and cleared the way for us to devour the carrot cake and the semifreddo. What can is say...GO TO ZASU!Amazing atmosphere, excellent food, a place you can just relax and be rest assured that your cook is gonna take care of everything for you. 5/5 best escape restaurant in the city of New Orleans.!Zasu has been on my list of places to try for quite a while.  I was excited when they started doing their to go meals, however the majority contained some component with meat (which I don't eat).  I was thrilled when I saw this past week's menu did not!  The star of the meal was definitely the local drum wrapped in a banana leaf!  I also loved the poached shrimp dish!  The instructions were easy to follow and quick!  I also want to add in that they are doing curbside delivery and when I arrived they were so fast!  Everyone that we interacted with could not have been nicer!  I'm already looking forward to future menus (which they do post to Instagram each week)!We decided to enjoy Zasu, a trendy new restaurant along the N. Carrollton corridor (just off Canal) in Mid City.  Chef Sue Zemanick artfully combines both local and non-native ingredients to create thoughtful and tasty dishes. 
Libations: 1) Cosmo - martini was well crafted and a refreshing start to a rich dinner. 2) 2014 Pinot Noir was smooth and velvety; perfect compliment to the beef entree. 
1st Course: Lobster Bisque - rich and creamy, with small bits of sweet lobster. Perfect for a cool night. 
2nd Course: Beef Bourguignon ($32). Served with fingerling potatoes, crispy bacon, sweet pearl onions, seasonal baby carrots, and crispy haricot vert. The serving of beef was quite substantial - at least 10oz. It was so tender and flavorful and sat atop all of the accompanying vegetables, which were well prepared and seasoned. 
3rd Course: Chocolate Pot du Crème ($11). This is a classic New Orleans dessert but it is THE BEST I've had in town. It's a twist on the traditional dessert because of the contrasting salted caramel in the midst of the pot. It was topped with whipped crème fraiche, cocoa nibs, and fresh raspberries. A must, so save room!
Pricing: Overall, this trendy spot seeks to add to the upscale restaurants in the Mid City corridor. However, it's a bit more expensive than similarly situated restaurants. 
Dećor: The interior is new and fresh, with green walls and retro globe lighting. Of note, Amanda Stone Talley, local New Orleans artist, created the beautiful, green wallpaper, which is reminiscent of views through a kaleidoscope - whimsical circular, whirring shapes. While beautiful, the decor lacks the ability to absorb sound. This makes for a VERY LOUD dining experience. In fact, I sat with two others and we struggled to hear one another across the table. Drapery would help to absorb the chatter throughout the long, hard space. 
Signage: For those aware of its predecessor restaurant, this new spot is not hard to find. However, for newcomers, be aware that the signage is a bit too modest/small. Plus, because the restaurant is set back from the street, it may be a benefit to increase signage to make it easier to locate. 
Overall, I enjoyed this experience and will visit again. Hopefully, they'll find creative ways to bring down the noise level. Though it is definitely a splurge to eat here, it's worth it on special occasions. Kudos, Chef!My friend and I had an ahmazing dinner at Zasu this week. It has been a long time since I ate somewhere in NOLA where every dish was perfect but that's what we experienced here this week!
We started with the Grilled Baby Octopus and the Seared Scallops. They were both fantastic but I would give an edge to the scallops because I am obsessed with crispy rice and the flavor was perfect!
For my entree I tried the Seared Snapper which was perfectly cooked and delicious. I also really loved the perogies even though I'm not a huge perogi fan. I would definitely get those another day!
For dessert we split the chocolate cake and the pavlova. They were both amazing though I would give a slight edge to the pavlova.
The restaurant itself is a beautiful jewel box and the service was wonderful too. It was a little pricey but definitely worth it. This would be perfect for a special birthday/anniversary meal.Food was great. Service was on point. The bartender, a young blonde girl, was top of the line. Every drink in the restaurant was being made by her--each with care, craft, and quickness. She not only maintained composure but also she smiled every time eye contact was made with a customer. We ordered the two specialty cocktails with bourbon--both tasted amazing. Having worked in the industry for over 15 years, I was extremely impressed with everything she brought to the experience. I usually don't give the highest rating possible to a place because, as a teacher I feel there is always room for improvement. However, the bartender's work ethic and the product she put out inspired the bonus so Zasu gets 5 stars.
Food was so exceptional that I can think of only a few restaurants that can compete as contenders. We ordered the mahi mahi and saltine crusted grouper. 
It's also pretty cool the way the light outside of the front door shines through casting a shadow of the 127 address number on the dining rooms far wall. 
I highly recommend this place.Everything was fresh and flavorful. To start, we had butternut squash soup, hearts of palm & arugula salad, beef carpaccio, halibut and grilled shrimp. The cocktails were nice as well.Full disclosure: I am acquainted with chef-owner Sue Zemanick and have known her husband for nearly 20 years. I am unabashed about my admiration and affection for her, so if you think this will be a biased review, I understand.
   I estimate my wife and I eat fine dining meals 10 to 12 times a year and we went to Zasu four times in 2019. When you consider all of the wonderful choices we have in N.O.La. and Paige & I have to go to Lilette on average two times a year, that is as ringing an endorsement as we can make. But wait, there's more.
    With each visit to Zasu, we witnessed a restaurant that was excellent out the gate get better and better. Three of our visits were shared with different couples, all avid diners and they concurred: spectacular food, warm & efficient service in a lovely atmosphere.
     Last part first: if you were following chef Sue on Instagram, you could witness her painstaking redesign of the space formerly occupied by the much-beloved Rue 127. Her hard work & patience paid off. There is clean modernity to Zasu that avoids the cold or sterile pitfalls of the mid-century modern redux genre.
      From her work at Gautreau's, we knew Ms Zemanick was a stellar chef, but Zasu proves that she & her team are also fantastic at hiring the perfect staff for her restaurant. The amount of charm and affection one receives from the bartender to waitstaff to Sue herself on her forays to the dining room reinforce that happy tingle one experiences during a delicious meal.
       Since this review is based on 4 visits over 10 months, I'll not dwell on too many individual dishes, but suffice it to say Paige & I have sampled almost everything on the menus over that period. Some of the dishes currently available that really made an impression were grilled octopus with charred eggplant, pickled peppers & pepitas which may as well have been designed in a lab to please me since those are some of my favorite things brought together for one of my favorite bites of food in 2019. The tempura maitake mushrooms are bar food at its most elevated: crispy, delicately earthy and the yuzu-sriracha aioli is sumptuously tangy. The dukkah crusted halibut was by far the best fish I had in 2019 and I had quite a bit of delicious fish dishes. Finally, while every dessert I have tried at Zasu was wonderful, the coffee semifreddo haunts my dreams and makes me want to make my own version sometime soon.
      Zasu is still a tough reservation (it is small and chef Sue has a devoted following) so plan ahead-for my money, this is the best restaurant in New Orleans right now.You know the feeling you get when you're favorite song comes on the radio or you see an old friend and you reminisce over the good ole days, what about when your favorite team wins the championship game or taking a walk on the beach and getting to watch the sunset? It's a warm fuzzy excited feeling, proud and happy, content and loved. I was so fortunate to experience all of these feelings and emotions from dining at Zasu last night.
From the moment we walked up to the adorable establishment to when we were greeted by the warm hostess Trisha and given excellent recommendations by the bartender Tyler, every single piece of our dining puzzle was put together so beautifully and meticulously I know that I will never have another experience as perfect as this one.
We had the pleasure of dining outside where the weather could not have been better! A sweet two person table with all of the intimate yet exhilarating vibes. The array of greenery amongst us outside added warm and inviting ambience. 
To start I ordered the Butterfly, a vodka based cocktail with a light and exciting taste that tickled my tastebuds. For our appetizers we tried Veal Short Ribs, Korean chili glaze and scallion egg fried rice, Beef Carpaccio, pickled celery, blue cheese, grilled bread and a spicy aioli, Citrus Poached Shrimp, hearts of palm radishes, grapefruit and a brown butter vinaigrette. We also tried the Asian Pear and Fried Celery Root salad with toasted hazelnut, basil and Parmesan. 
For our entrees we chose the Crusted Grouper and the Beef Bevette which I paired with a delectable Argentinian Malbec.
What meal would be complete (at least not for my sweet tooth) without not only one dessert but a selection of several?! We had the Coffee Semifreddo, Passion Fruit Creme Brûlée, Sea Salt Caramel Ice Cream and Pistachio Pavlova along with two coffees. Each dish was artfully prepared and presented as a one of a kind masterpiece with all of the elements pairing so superbly with one another. All of our senses were piqued and heightened to the fullest with every bite!
Amidst all of this, the owner and James Beard Award-winning chef who has also appeared on Top Chef and Top Chef Masters, Sue Zemanick, came and introduced herself to us! Naturally, I was star stroke as she is culinary royalty but she was as down to earth as could be and an absolute joy to be around not to mention a cuisine genius!
Leaving Zasu tonight left a spot in my heart that I know will never be filled to the extent it was filled tonight. The bar has been set exponentially high and I will remain forever grateful to have had the pleasure to experience such a divine culinary experience. The warmest of thank you's to Chef Sue, our server Louis, General Manager Chris, Tyler, Trisha and all of the staff at Zasu!!! We can not WAIT to return!PHENOMENAL!  The food was top notch. Our waiter was excellent. Haven't had a meal this outstanding in a while. We will be back. Everything we ordered was amazing. So happy we chose Zasu for date night!Excellent food, terrible service. We live in the neighborhood and had really been looking forward to checking this place out. The ambience is fine - a small, intimate house that looks a little bit like someone tried to recreate a west elm catalogue. Somewhat disappointing but fine. It was the service that really killed the experience for us. Our server treated us like he didn't know if we could afford to eat there, and when he made mistakes like forgetting to put in my drink order, he didn't even apologize and instead blamed it on me. I don't know what his deal was - but my partner was the only person of the color in the very packed restaurant (patron or front-of-house staff), so I can't help but wonder if that had something to do with it.
We love checking out the latest restaurants in this city in part because they usually don't have that snobby vibe that you get in other places. That is not the case with this place. The food was really great, but New Orleans is full of amazing restaurants where you'll get more personality and respect. If I were you, I'd spend my money elsewhere.This meal was a favorite of ours on our short stay in New Orleans. Zasu came highly recommended by the owners of Revel Cafe and Bar next door and it did not disappoint. 
The food was not heavy.  The oysters were fresh and clean and so delicious. The mushroom appetizer was out of this world.
The main courses -  a wonderful red snapper and  a beef filet mignon - were delicious. 
And the pot du creme was lovely and not too much.
Chris, the maitre'd was such a darling and really took care of us. 
This was a real treat! So happy we came out this way!Incredible food, fantastic environment! Don't blink you will miss it, so keep your eyes pealed for this delish dinner spotJust had one of the best meals I've ever had. And I've lived in NOLA for 30 years. Let that sink in. Don't even bother reading on. Just make a reservation for whenever you can get one.
Went with a friend. We shared everything. We left happy and happily filled.
Starting with the appetizers. "Grilled Baby Octopus with olives, sugar snap peas, roasted peppers, almonds, garlic aioli $16" Get two, make it a meal. Delicious with complex flavors and a tantalizing assortment of textures. You'll want to have it every night for the rest of your life.
A special of Stuffed Zucchini Blossoms with Goat Cheese. I generally don't like goat cheese but here, where it came oozing out of the blossom like a gentle lava, it was sublime. I could've had 5 blossoms.
Course #2--Asian Pear and Fried Celery Root toasted hazelnuts, basil, Parmesan, lemon vinaigrette $12. Yes, yes, oh yes. Even split between two there was an ample amount of this sublimely refreshing dish in which Chef Sue again uses a variety of flavors and textures to perfection.
Entrees--Saltine Crusted Grouper braised greens, crawfish, bacon, spicy butter sauce $28. Even without the grouper, this would've been an incredible dish. With it, it's classic Southern+NOLA with flair, the nubs of bacon and the crawfish amplifying the flavor of the greens and the fish.
--Wild Mushroom and Potato Perogies caramelized Vidalia onions, asparagus, onion crème fraiche $23. Yet again flavors and textures combining for extreme yumminess. About my only complaint for the evening was this could've been a teensy bit warmer, but what do I know? Lol
DESSERTS--Chocolate Cake Port-fig ice cream, caramel sauce $11 and Coffee Semifreddo coffee cake crumbles, toasted pecans $10. Though both of these were wowzas, if you had told me before tonight that I'd prefer, even if only by a hair, coffee cake crumbles over chocolate cake, I'd've looked at you like "You crazy?" Not any more. But with its amazing port-fig ice cream, the chocolate cake is like one of those athletes at the Olympics who misses the gold by 2 hundredths of a second.
Service was utterly smooth and professional, but always friendly. Noise level threatened to be a bit too much but, perhaps because of where we were sitting (towards the front), never became too overbearing. 
Zasu, the newest jewel in NOLA's crown of restaurants!I could go in for a very long review but I decided to boil it down(!) to the essentials. 
Price:  $175 for two. Shared a salad. Shared a dessert. Had one drink and one wine. 
The drink:  ordered a classic Old Fashoined.   I get carded in Costco.  The bartender is decades younger than me (he should be carded) and I am certain he has never tasted a classic Old Fashoined. No cherry. At the price I expected a luxardo cherry, of course:  classic!  
The room:  50+ seats. A third booths. High ceilings and no acoustic walls. It was so loud but it was a party. Not a dinner crowd for sure. Maybe we wandered into a hipster joint!
Dinner:  small portions. I don't expect Mandinas seafood platter but a piece of grouper ($28) the size of a small valentines envelope!  We were hungry when we got home. 
Cooking:  excellent. The ghost of Gautreanxs. Of course. I expected nothing less from Sue. She can cook!  
Dessert: let's deconstruct it. 4 raspberries probably from Costco. Good and fresh. A teaspoon dollop of whipped cream. A half teaspoon of caramel sauce. Ten crystals of kosher salt. All on top of a very small ramkin dish of nice chocolate pudding. It was promoted as shareable at $11. Not really. 
Well,  you get the picture. Driving home we listed five great New Orleans restaurants that we would give 5 stars and come home with $50 and a leftover box. 
You ask which ones:  ok:  Brigstens. Station 6 and Gabrielle's. There are others. Zasu needs to step up in this town. We take no prisoners!  Enjoy!I really wanted to like this restaurant but it just fell flat for me. It definitely gets a 5 for drinks and ambiance -- it's a nice little spot with dim lighting that would be perfect for date night. However, the prices are too high and the portions are too small. Normally I can get behind this if the food is incredible, but considering we were paying $30 per plate the taste was pretty mediocre. We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and I think there were maybe 5 pieces of octopus in the entire dish hidden amongst the potatoes and peppers. I also ordered the short rib and the butternut squash soup and neither of them really wow-ed me. I hope this restaurant will either improve its dishes or increase their portions to make the price worth it!Zasu was absolutely incredible From start to finish. The entries rotate often but the octopus starter is a crowd favorite and I couldn't wait to try it during my visit! It. Was. Incredible!!! The space is inside is also beautiful   so it makes for a great date night.The hubs and I attended the beautiful outdoor wedding of a new friend last night, and as the reception was outdoors and it was a little chilly,  we headed out a  smidgen early to have dinner indoors.
We didn't know if it would be possible to walk in at 9:00 anywhere in the city and get a table, but when we called, the hostess at Zasu was kind enough to fit us in and had a 2 top ready for us upon arrival,   We parked across Carrollton and walked the few steps to the front door of this charming little spot.
We were customers of Rue 127, so were curious to see what changes had been made to the interior, and there were lots.  Their buildout is perfect!  More tables without feeling cramped, beautiful lighting, precious booths along the wall that used to be the hallway, and the paint color is gorgeous. 
Also the vibe is lively and intimate. It's noisy but in such a good way. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their food and the company of their groups. It felt very European.
The meat and potatoes of our visit:
The service was impeccable. Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive, as was every other staff member we encountered. 
The food was delicious. For appetizers we chose the grilled octopus - so tasty and interesting, and the scallops - also yummy but the portion size was small. Maybe 3 scallops rather than 2. Two scallops  for what I think was $16 is just too few.
For entrees we chose the short rib which was super tender and served with an excellent potato  side, and the chicken which was flavorful and served with a great crisped rice side.  
I'm so glad we finally made it to Zasu and I'm sure we'll return.Fantastic!! My boyfriend is a total foodie so when this was his one choice to take me to for dinner on my FIRST dinner in New Orleans ever, even though it was a newer place, this speaks volumes...
Upon arriving in our UBER straight from our hotel the exterior was so sweet, romantic even! Love their logo. 
Interior was so charming, love the decor
Appetizers we tried; the seasonal marinated blue crab claws. I literally could've drank the marinade. So delicious. Loved the seared scallops, the dish was flavorful and the textures were delightful! and the baby octopus  dish, smokey meets creamy perfection!
My Boifran got the Bibb lettuces salad. I was SO jelly and decided I would eat all of the blue cheese off Bc it's keto friendly ha! 
Bottle of red wine we had was alright, it opened up over the meal and paired nicely with my braised short rib, hold the tatters, extra spinach. It. was. on. Point. 
My love got the snapper curry dish and it was great. 
Dessert, passion fruit tiramisu, so tangy and delightful! The best part of all was meeting chef and owner Sue at the end of our meal, what a lovely human being. Highly recommend trying this place out!I went for a wine-pairing event and it was wonderful. The staff were friendly and happy to offer background on the location, drinks, and food. The pairings were perfect. I'm looking forward to going for a non-event dinner now. The drinks were delicious and the food was amazing. I can't wait to work my way down the menu. Another guest was having trouble choosing his favorite dish. It's rare for a restaurant to do such a great job on appetizers, entrées, and desserts.We have enjoyed several Michelin-starred restaurants in our time, and this place qualifies for us. If you are a real "foodie", this is the place. Innovative, surprisingly good, great service--it's got it all. Run, don't walk.Last night was yet another reminder of how a poor first impression by the front end personnel can sour even a James Beard winner's cuisine. And it did. What should be a welcoming greeting came off as a condescending roadblock. Did we appear to be out of place? As 60-something foodies, with a reservation, I would say "no". Inappropriately casual? Again, no. So we were both at a loss for the frigid greeting.
I could address the food and this chef's ability to create a symphony on the palate, but what's the point? With all of the choices this city has to offer, and as natives who can afford to enjoy as many as we like, we don't need to endure leathery behavior in order to indulge in the culinary delights of our home.My grouper was delicious and the appetizer tempura mushrooms are so good.  Short ribs with goal cheese polenta amazing. Friendly wait staff! Good wine selection!Outstanding food and cocktails. The environment was comfortable and quaint. Exceptional service too.  If you haven't been here you are missing out on something specialOmy gosh, don't know where to start?!‍I went there with 4 other people we started with appetizers and we got almost all the appetizers on the menu, Everything was so deliziosa. Just close ur eyes and choose one! Does't matter whaat‍, Then we all got the entree omgggg Everything was sorprendente , Can't even describe how were tasting, Perfectly done! I don't even wanna talk about the desserts! just try any of them! Fortunately, I took some pictures of dessertFantastic food, elevated and interesting cuisine! Fish dishes were just exquisite. Dessert menu is fantastic as well. Wine selection both interesting and reasonable in price. Wonderful ambience and great service! Making it to our top 5 in NOLAHidden gem. We went to this restaurant pre-Covid and had great experiences (not sure why we haven't rated it before). Fast forward to October 2020. After re-opening for only a few days, Zasu well exceeded expectations. Every bite of the meal was thoughtful, flavorful and complex. We started with the grilled shrimp, which upon initial review seemed basic, but the dish had layers of complexity which I cannot even put into words. Then we each had salads (Romaine, Kale/Spinach), which were phenomenal. Next, I inhaled a short rib with fettuccine, whilst my spouse had the halibut - we both inhaled our entrees with great joy. Finally, we had no intention of eating dessert, but we were drawn to the Semifreddo. O M G. The end.
If you have any doubts. Dismiss them.Don't even know where to start with the raves for this little Jewel! For starters 
Grilled baby octopus Phenomenal! So many flavors popping.
Wagyu Beef Carpaccio delicious.
Curried Grilled Lobster incredible
Murder Point Oysters absolutely on point!
Sautéed Halibut simply lovely 
Last but not least crème brûlée out of this world! 
Service was amazing! Could not have asked for a better night out with friends. Highly recommendBooked a special occasion for a very mundane menu. Sure the food was good enough but the whole place was lackluster. Nothing exciting. Then there's the fire hazard bar and the long wait. How can that be code? Anyway, not our best dinner in Nola.This restaurant is so cute and tucked away in the sweetest New Orleans style house. The style and atmosphere is beautiful and warm. The service is top notch and the food was some of the best I have had in NoLa. The menu is small and not overwhelming but mouthwatering, I wanted to try everything!  We went with the roasted chicken and Grouper entrees. Both were amazing.  It's a little over the top loud inside during our dining but it would not keep me from coming back. I am actually looking forward to my next meal at Zasu!  I would love to try more of the menu next time but it would be hard not to get the grouper or chicken again!Wow, wow, wow.
One of my neighbors raved about this place and they were very sad that they could not enjoy a meal at Zasu during the pandemic as they were closed for a while. They just reopened their dining room in September and we went there for a dinner one night all together.
You might be wondering about their location but I swear you passed by it so many times! I believe they turned what used to be a house into a restaurant and their entrance is so small that it is easy to miss but it is right by Dosan Noodle house in Mid-city. The restaurant is very small and do not quote me but they might be able to squeeze 10 groups at a time, where each group consists of less than 4 people. 
On the menu, they had 3-5 items per course so it is perfect for those who get overwhelmed by large selections. We shared about 5 appetizers among 7 people - grilled octopus, risotto, tuna tartar and sweet potato gnocchi were all phenomenal. My favorite was the grilled octopus. They used the tiny ones so it was not overwhelmingly huge and chewy - perfect bite size.
I ordered that night's special which was a snapper but I swapped the setting with another entrée which was more Asian inspired. I really did appreciate that they accommodated my request and it came out absolutely perfect. Everybody in our table were happy with their entrée selection as well.
The real special of that night was the truffle add-on - it was like $25 up charge but they shaved a generous amount! My company definitely enjoyed it. 
Even though their bar is so tiny, cocktails did not fall short of expectations. Overall I highly recommend this restaurant. Give it a try!I've ordered from Zasu a few times and it's always good. This might have been the best yet. Ordering is easy online. You schedule your pickup time and they bring it out curbside. Super easy and convenient!
The salad was good. It was a salad. Not much more to say. Now for the exciting part. Lobster Pot Pie. It's not your traditional shortcrust pie but more like a lobster "chicken and dumplings". It's amazing. A rich, creamy sauce covering huge junks of lobster meat topped with gruyere drop biscuits. Big seafood flavor.
Zasu has an ever changing menu so you never know what's next but you can be sure it will be worth the money and the calories!This was a disappointing experience. While the food was very good, I was very surprised with the level of service in this restaurant. We went for dinner immediately following an engagement. When we informed the server, he seemed very indifferent about it. When you're spending $30-$40 per plate, I'd expect the server would go out of his way to make the night special. Unfortunately, that was not the case. Further, when I asked another server to take a photo of us, she visibly got annoyed and told me to wait and then asked another person to do it for her. Who goes to a restaurant post engagement and doesn't get offered a glass of champagne? For a $200+ dinner, this restaurant missed the mark.