Got the Gaucho steak which was good but would have been better if it was served with the chimmichurri sauce as indicated on the menu. They were out which I wasn't told upon ordering. The red beans were old and tasteless, and the wait staff wasn't very capable. Basically, a less than impressive performance for a good chain. Sorry that it took the place of Mizado which was excellent in all categories.Great service. 
Corn grits are AMAZING. Like I was upset I didn't order two of them.
The almond shrimp appetizer and spinach dip was amazing as well. 
Arnold Palmer was really good. 
I had the chicken with herb rub and the pork - they were good.Needed to get something tasty and good today, so Zea was on my mind. Never been to this location before but was in neighborhood and gave them a try. I was not disappointed at all. Food was good and service was very friendly. The manager on duty, Kat gave excellent service, caring and very accommodating. Managers like her make you forget about any snafus you experience. I will be visiting again.Great service and fast.  Our server Sean recommended pesto trout and he was right.  It was fantastic.  I will recommend it to all my friends.I was really disappointed in this restaurant. I was really hoping for better. It started off well with the rib appetizer we got but our main course was very disappointing. We both ordered a medium rare ribeye but they both came out medium well. Our waitress was great but overall the food was disappointing and the kitchen speed was terrible.Took my mother to lunch there. Had a small snafu with soup coming out with the entrees, but that was no big deal and the manager comped the soup (which was really unnecessary as it might have been unclear instructions to the server, but nonetheless shows a proactive commitment to customer service).
The sirloin with mushroom demi glace was wonderful, as was the soup and corn grits. The lunch special is a great deal for around $10. Wonderful experience all around; we'll be back.Stephanie our waitress was soooooo amazing! She gave us great recommendations, was extremely attentive. The food was great the corn grits are great and we opted in for the Thai Chili glaze on the Ribs and it was a great choice. Thank you and we will be back!This food was so amazing. Great atmosphere and service. We had the Spanish dip and Mediterranean Hummus, and  bottomless mimosas Delicious!!!!!!!Everytime I come to New Orleans I make sure to stop in at Zea's for their signature Red Beans & Rice, Fried Chicken and Smoked Sausage dish. We usually go to the Metairie location, but this NEW location on Pontchartrain was closer to the house we were staying in, so we decided to check it out. Couldn't be that bad as all locations should live up to the Zea name, right? Absolutely WRONG! 
First off they ran out of what I traveled all the way from Los Angeles for, the Red Beans & Rice! And mind you it was at least 2 hours before closing. Secondly, another signature go to dish I always order are the Corn Grits. Boy was this also a disappointment as they were dry and hard! Yuck!
Thirdly the waitress, Laura I believe was her name, was so darn RUDE! As if I was burdening her to do her job. And last but certainly not least there was HAIR intertwined in the Fried Catfish I ordered!! DISGUSTING!!! 
Needless to say it was a horrible experience, I would never return to this particular location, and may never patronize Zea's as a whole ever again!My first time at this place and I must say it was well worth it. Came here for a dinner party and it was the perfect choice. First let's start off by saying the 5 dollar mojito was by far the best I've had ever !! All I needed was two to get my party started. I for my appetizer my friends and I shared the walnut shrimp and ribs and for dinner I had the garlic and herb rotisserie chicken. THEE BEST!! Chicken fell of the bone not to mention the braised cabbage and CORN GRITS WERE TO DIE FOR !!!  I would most definitely recommend this place to tourist and to my friend who just want to casually dine every now and then !!The CUSTOMER SERVICE as this location of Zea's is one word.... EXCELLENT!!! 
All of the staff from the greeters to the manager were all friendly, polite, and were quick to respond to any need my party of 8 had. (Mind you were dining during peak lunch hours) 
The decor is modern, simple, and sheik and they have a large bar area with a nice outdoor patio. 
Food was rich in flavor however I would have preferred my dish a little warmer. It was served as if it had been prepared and sat on a counter. This is the only reason for the 4 stars instead of a perfect 5! 
I'll definitely return to try some of the amazing happy hour offerings and daily drink specials! (See pictures for details!!!)Food was not bad. Like all other Zea restaurants. The service was extremely horrible. It took 10 mins for the waitress to come over. The place was not busy at all, less than 10 tables, with plenty of service staff walking around. It takes another 10 minutes for her to come back and get our order because she was busy socializing with the big table behind us. My order was wrong, again another 20 mins go by before she comes to check on our table. Completely unacceptable! Everytime she would come by the table (which was not often) she would apologize. Apologies don't mean anything if it's obvious you are just not paying attention to your table. Would never go to this location again!Zea was catered to my office this week.  Outstanding staff member (John) who made the delivery, very informative and very friendly.  Great food, all enjoyed, we had Ribs, Corn Grits, Chicken, Hummus, Salad, Ice Tea and Brownie.  Rave reviews from everyone!  I highly recommend this establishment, in house or even to have it catered and delivered to your office.Brunch entrees are currently available at the New Orleans location on Sundays starting at 1030am. The huevos rancheros is wonderfully favorable with the ancho chili-dusted rotisserie chicken. Sauce is tangy and works well with the roasted corn grits as a side (this is zea's specialty and should not be missed). The poached egg brings the dish together with the toasted tostadas. It's a great satisfying meal.Welll i guess i am the exception because the food was not good. I came with two others and we tried the thai ribs appetizer along with the hummus and crab cakes. I will say the hummus was great. I really don't have any other positive things to say. We were told our waitress spilled some drinks so she was unavailable so the manager tried to assist us. She was nice but the food was not good. The ribs tasted oven baked, the crab cakes were frozen. I ordered the sampler with pork beef and chicken. The pork and beef looked old, like they had been sitting under heat lamps. They got my other friend order completely wrong and my other friend lo mein noodlea were over cooked. We just decided to cancel the order and pay for what we had eaten. I saw so many reviews for this place and had high hopes. I know N.O has so many options to grab  bite to eat so i will have to say i will not be back. This place reminds me of an Applebees or Olive Garden restaurant which are not my first options when i go to dine out....Food was not properly cooked, and server was very disrespectful (Shelby L). By working in customer service I know exactly what to expect and from the moment we sat down she did not deliver friendly customer service. She seemed bothered by something that should've been left at the door before she entered work. Each time we asked her for something she either rolled her eyes or smacked her lips. And when I was walking to the car she had the nerve to run behind me and accuse me of walking out on the check while other people were obviously still sitting at our table. This restaurant is known for friendly service so I am disappointed about this experience. Hopefully the proper actions are taken because this is unacceptable.We arrived at the restaurant right before the lunch rush, so the waitress immediately came and took our order. My friend appetizer came within a 5 minute time frame. Soon we were waiting for main course. At the time the restaurant was getting packed all around us and we noticed everyone was getting their food. There was even one couple that sent their food back to the kitchen and received their new plates before us! Our waitress tried her best to see what was going on in the kitchen and she was doing her job as a waitress to assure us that our food would come any minute now. When the manager was walking the floor my friend stopped him and asked him as well to go check on the food. And the food came out within 5 minutes of the manager checking. We waited a total of 45 minutes to be served! However, after the long wait, the manager did cover the bill for us! I'm giving Zeas 5 stars because the manager did a good job at putting the customer first and resolving the conflict!I was so happy when this one opened, I went in & the people were so friendly. Our waiter was even better. We ordered appetizers & entrees & they came out so quickly & they were pretty busy so it was a surprise. The food was great. I love this location. Definitely going back soon !The Father's Day atmosphere was very nice. We had a party of 7 and the wait was about 30 minutes. Zea's is one of my favorite go-to restaurants where I'll stop to occasionally unwind or get a great meal with friends. This is one of their newest spots and it was smaller than the average, but very accommodating. The food is always great and I didn't expect anything less. The waitress seemed as though she was a bit nervous, but she did a fabulous job. I always order the rotisserie rib eye, it was cooked just right. I'll be back soon. Love the more convenient spot.Four stars because they don't have all the menu options that other locations offer. But, the staff is very friendly and hands on from the time you enter until you leave. The food is good of course. The manager came to our table and introduced himself. I love when they do that. Dinner with my family was a win.Needed to get out for a little while and get some air. Zea came across my mind. The choice was spot on for lunch. I chose to dine alone today. The hostess was kind to offer me a cozy area where I could watch the other patrons as they came in and it. I choose the chicken panini for lunch. It was the perfect choice. Not too big and not too small, just right for lunch and then take a piece with you for a snack before getting off from work.  Thank you Alaina for your professionalism and warm smile.I love Zea's. For some reason, I forget this place when I can't think of where to go and I'm not willing to gamble and try something new. You know how you have those days and you just want what you already know? That's Zea's 
I love the Mediterranean hummus. The ribs were a favorite, but they've been consistently fatty for a while now :( and the shrimp appetizer is amazing. 
So why the 3 stars? The service is not the best. I think they give the wait staff too many tables and we end up waiting forever for every single thing: ordering, drinks, food and the bill! And as of late, they've been messing up a little in the kitchen. But the hummus plate and shrimp are always consistent. But hey....after a couple of months, I always return. LOLEverything is so good! Thai ribs, red beans and rice, the chicken. The cucumber jalapeño marg, the old fashions!! Sorry no pictures, we are it too quick but everything was good. 
Steak cooked perfectly, crab cakes on point, but best thing is the Thai ribs!!Awesome place to dine. Fried fish was sumptuous, along with the barbecue ribs, lamb sirloin.I like this place, I really do. I moved away and when I visit and have a bit of downtime I like to come and get some ribs and corn grits. I went yesterday with a group of friends and it was good going in but man oh man was it bad for us coming out. I don't know what happened but 3 of the 5 us had rough time in the bathroom. However I still have love for this restaurant, it's normally great. The corn grits is amazing. I'd still chance it. The servers, hostesses were excellent!Zeal serves Chinese shrimp and frozen entrees.  Order from the grill/ rotisserie if you want anything worth your money.  2.5 starsWe were here a year ago while visiting in this area. We had such a good experience, we decided to stop in for lunch again. This time I ordered the Shrimp Breaux Bridge and my wife ordered the dry rub chicken with mashed sweet potatoes and sugar snap beans. We arrived at about 3:00. The restaurant was not very busy so we were seated immediately and the waitress took our drink order quickly. The food arrived in a timely manner and again it was very good.The staff are amazing at this location.  This is one of our favorites and thank god they kept some of the drinks from their Mizado menu b/c this is another reason why we travel to this location.   Staff and drinks are awesome!Happy Hour is the best!!! This is my second time doing happy hour on a Thursday. It is the Thirsty Thursday selections...which are basically different flavored margaritas, YUM! OLIVIA has been the bartender both times....and she was excellent. Olivia is very professional and very knowledgeable of the menu. The foods not on any happy hour menu but the choices are amazing....I had small shrimp and the BBQ pork tacos...which are apart of the "HOGS FOR A CAUSE" promo. All in all...I throughly enjoyed my visit(s) here....both times...and i'll be back next Thirsty Thursday.We stopped in here for David's birthday dinner.
I want to start by saying- the staff was amazing: everyone was masked, social distanced and contact tracing. All was excellent on that end.
I got the Trout Lafitte with corn grits and red beans and David got the full ribs with corn grits and red beans.
David's ribs looked GORGEOUS. The meat was falling off the bone and he said it was all great. Look at my photo: those ribs are a work of art and well worth the $26 price tag.
My dish, however, left me disappointed. The fish was GREAT, but the piece of fish was small and thin. I haven't gotten the Trout Lafitte in years, but I definitely remember it being a bigger cut of fish, especially for $22+. I believe at, one time, it was even two pieces of fish, but that was easily over 10 years ago. As good as the fish was, I just wanted more of it.
My sides were good, as always, and the waitress couldn't have been better. We also got the duck empanadas as our starter and we loved it.
I know things are *different* right now, but I hope, if I go back here, the trout is a bit bigger.Incompetent is an understatement. The TO GO ran at a snails pace with several people getting frustrated in front of me. Took over 20 minutes just to PLACE an order, the the to go workers disappearing for LONG stretches of time. My first time trying this place to go and won't be back for even dine in after this embarrassment of an experience. Y'all should be ashamed.We've been celebrating Mother's Day at Zea's for the last 5 years! This is my first time at this partic location and I have to say I was not that please with this location. 
So, when we arrived the wait was really short in spite of it being a holiday (bonus) but the service could have been better. Our server was good but the hostess of all people was the person that made our experience a 4 instead of 5!
The food was absolutely delicious and as always I ordered the bronze fish , sweet potatoes and corn grits.
The space seem over packed but it's good to have a Zea's in the area.Very good experience ordering takeout during the COVID pandemic. They have family meal deals- which are basically their normal prices with a gallon of tea and family side salad thrown in for free- not a bad deal. The Thai ribs were delish- I would highly recommend. The braised cabbage was a bit bland for my taste- but with some vinegar added on it was decent. The sweet potatoes were really good- creamy and not too sweet! The salad was good too - they use provolone cheese and we got the pepper jelly dressing- yum! The "family meal deal" of rack of ribs and half chicken feed the three of us with meat and sweet potato left over all for $45 plus tip!  The takeout process was well organized and staff over the phone were professional! You stay in your car and they come out and they either hand it to you or can put it in your trunk for contactless. Highly recommend!I can't understand why this place is averaging a 3.5 star rating! The food is great! Duck Empanadas are a food group! The Happy Hour is long, and MORE than fair. The service is considerate without badgering you so often you can't eat. Our server actually commented on the timing of the apps and entrees showing they care. Great experience the day prior to my wedding!This is such a beautiful space, if eating in you will have the option to sit inside or outside. When picking up food you must call the number in the picture and then let the waiter know what letter (there are letters on signs in each parking spot) you are parked at and then they will bring your food out. Corn grits are a must and the Casablanca chicken is a great option for hummus lovers!Ordered delivery from Zea since I haven't had Zea's in years. I ordered the Thai ribs with a side of red beans and rice. The ribs were as good as I remembered just not enough of them for the price. The sides at Zea continue to be a problem, the beans were nothing but can beans with no meat and no flavor. None of their sides are good which is a big problem because the meat here is actually good. I wish you could order just the meats and I would make my own sides for a reasonable price.This is probably my favorite restaurant in town, always great service. Thai ribs and corn grits are the absolute bestAlways a favorite. Love each of their lunch specials. The Zea's Grits are delicious without being to rich to eat. It's a great local chain they always keep me satisfiedHummus is delicious.  The Memphis BBQ Pork Panini was very good.  I ordered a side of red beans and rice that went perfect with the entire meal.Dined at the Zea's on Pontchartrain Blvd last week for their special Valentine's Day prix-fixe menu. For $49.99, you and your guest got one appetizer to share, two salads of your choice, and two entrees. All of the selections were diverse to appeal to a large crowd of people, and they were hefty portion sizes! 
To start, we got their Spinach Dip which is by far one of my favorite appetizers I've ever had. They're served alongside chips, but would be really amazing with pita bread - just a suggestion  For salads we both got the Caesar, just a basic Caesar like you'd expect. Dinner options were various and ranged from fish dishes to chicken or pork. I got the Balsamic Salmon which came with two sides, and my person got the Thai Ribs which also came with two sides! 
We of course got the corn grits as a side, if you come to Zea's and don't get the corn grits, ya did it wrong! The mashed sweet potatoes were okay and lacking a bit of flavor. But the corn grits made up for it. 
They have a good happy hour and a decent selection of cocktails and wines for those to choose to imbibe. The restaurant is large and spacious and you're not sitting on top of anyone else near you. Definitely recommend here for date nights, birthday dinners, etc!Overpriced and underwhelming! They have good hummus (hard to mess that up though) and the corn grits are delicious. Other than those two items, the food is subpar. Chewy, dry, over cooked meats flood the menu, the service is slow as molasses, and the pricing is absurd. People seem to like it because it costs so much. I've had better meats at Bud's Broiler though! NOT impressed. Definitely not New Orleans' finest. With so many delicious options in this city, don't waste your time.Since the veterans location is closed we decided to come to the Metairie Road location. The food was excellent, served hot & shrimp were not over fried. (We've had that problem a few times at Clearview.) Kat the bartender was extremely friendly & took great care of us! Glad we came back & will continue to visit.I walked in to place a to-go order, and there was no one at the counter taking orders. There was an exhausted-looking man sitting on a seat next to the counter, clearly waiting for someone to either come to the counter or bring him his food. The hostess at the front told me to go to the desk for to-go orders, sweeping me out of the way as quickly as possible to serve the "real" guests who wanted to dine in without even offering me a menu. Finally, I asked when the cashier was coming back, and the hostess basically said she was doing something else and would be back "in a few minutes" (whatever that means). I need to clarify: the restaurant was not busy and she had no reason to shuffle me to the side so quickly. 
What I really want to know is, do you people want to-go orders or not? People who come to put in a to-go order do not want to sit around waiting for 20 minutes so that you can take another 40 minutes to actually make the food and bring it out. Get it together!Food and service was excellent! I ate there right at lunch time and was seated right away. Also the food did not take long to come out.Zea Rotisserie & Bar is a local chain which has some of the top rotisserie meats in the Greater New Orleans area. Zea now has multiple locations across Louisiana and one location in Mississippi. Zea Rotisserie & Bar does offer a unique mix of blending rotisserie meats with some American, Asian and Cajun flavors which makes their food distinctive when compared to most other area restaurants.  I have eaten at Zea's for many years now and generally they have had good food but my most recent experiences have been less enjoyable than in the past.  They used to have a really great selection of rotating rotisserie meats but now they have really scaled the selection down and lamb doesn't even seem to be offered anymore.  I have also noticed a distinctive shrinking in the portion sizes.  I'm also very confused by their choice to only offer sweet potatoes "seasonally" as sweet potatoes are available all year round.  This was my first visit to the Zea's at this location although I had visited this location back when it was a Mexican restaurant.  Overall I enjoyed my meal but the portion size was not a full size meal for me.
My video review of this location of Zea's is here:
https://youtu.be/aiosBRDwek8So I called to place a pick up order after looking online and seeing that this location closes at 9:00 PM. I tried to place my order around 815 and a young lady who answered the phone told me that they were closed because there's a pandemic going on and they could not take my phone order for a pick up. As I was passing by the restaurant going home I noticed that they were not close they had people still dining and people still going in to pick up orders, but yet the young lady told me I could not place a order for pick up because it was a pandemic and they were close. Even after the website stated that they were close at 9:00 PM once I stated at the website said it was 9 o'clock they close at 9:00 PM along with the Harahan location she continue to tell me it was a pandemic and they were close.I've been eating at various Zea locations for what feels like a million years. Probably more like 25 years. I'd guess I've had about 500 Zea meals in that time. 
I have only eaten at this location once before, about 2 years ago. It was pre-covid with a big group and I hardly remember it. 
Tonight my family visited this location and it was hands down the BEST Zea meal and experience I have ever had. I wish they were busier, for their sake, because half full on Saturday at 6:30pm is probably too quiet. 
We walked in and were seated immediately. Our server was Kevin and he appeared immediately to take our drink order. He was an outstanding server, and the other staff in the restaurant was also excellent. Kevin got our drinks and food orders in quickly and efficiently, delivered everything in the same manner, checked on us multiple times, thought of things we needed before we had to ask (ketchup), sauce on the side in case my kid who ordered no sauce wanted to try it. Several other members of the staff stopped by to check on us multiple times as well. The Thai ribs were fall apart tender and the best order (of the many many times I've ordered it) that I've ever had. All of the food was excellent, and the service and experience were also excellent. Just when you think you know exactly what to expect from a Zea, this location just blew all of that history out of the water.Placed order to go. Chicken sandwich and Mediterranean Hummus: $28.00.  Called back and cancelled order after realizing the outrageous price!
Wendy's chicken sandwich is $5.00. Sometimes two for $5:00. Save your money and go to Wendy's.First time at this location. Dining room is dark & unappealing. Sat at a table in bar area. Very loud, slow service & food wasn't as good as Clearview location. Won't be returning even though it's near our home.Great lunch option for quality food. Zeas has consistently been a quality restaurant in NOLA since I was young. I really enjoy the red beans and corn grits. Definitely recommend spotting by if you're in the areaEverything was deeeelicuous!! The empanadas had lots of filling and the shrimp were huge! The roasted corn grits always hit the spot too I sat at the bar to eat and the bartender Kat was very friendly.Bradley, should be commended. He is extremely polite, knowledgeable and very friendly.Always a chill vibe! Food is good and flavorful! Cocktails the right amount of sweet and punch!The food is ok. Actually the food is pretty tasty but with so many local options in NOLA, I probably wouldn't pick this chain. 
What I would go for is drinks at happy hour. For $6 they had a Coppala Claret! That's almost unheard of. And a total steal. My parents had $4 margaritas. And it goes until 7. They have a nice outdoor patio to enjoy and the manager/ bartender is a sweetheart.I have always loved Zea's. I have been coming to different locations since the mid-1990s.  Recently, I came here a few times for lunch and the service was very good, and the place was not overly full.  The lunch menu is always excellent, and I can't think of anything that is subpar.  This time I ordered the Zea lite bronzed fish with snap peas and broccoli.  It is part of the Ochsner health menu. I highly recommend it and it is only about 500 calories.  Lagniappe:  I can always find a parking space!Stopped in for pick up! Watched some of the LSU game at the bar while waiting for my order. They have a great bar area to view games and great drinks to boot! The food was great as usual! If you're looking for a nice place to eat delicious food, enjoy great cocktails and watch football... this is your place!!!Ohhhh how I love the red beans and fried chicken from Zea's! It broke my heart to find out they only serve this on Monday's and Friday's now. 
I popped in for lunch and they currently have a special going for lunch. Soup or salad, entree and drink for $15. I chose the corn bisque as my soup, it was surprisingly tasty! My red beans were a bit salty but the chicken is always fried to perfection so the flavors balanced out a bit.This location seems very quiet and laid back. I went for an early lunch on Sunday, and there was hardly anyone in there when I arrived and when I left. I sat in the bar area since I was dining alone. It was so nice and bright, where the dining area is dimly lit. I was asked to show proof of vaccination before being seated. 
Kat, the bartender and my server was so nice and attentive. The food hit the spot. I ordered my favorite, the almond shrimp and spinach salad, but this time I ordered the almond shrimp entree. I was able to order a spinach salad as a side for a dollar extra and I ordered the corn grits as the other side. I recently became a fan on the corn grits, didn't care for them in the past, but they are a must try when visiting any Zea location. I began with my salad, it was a meal in itself. I cut it up and I feel like it just expanded in the bowl. I was near the end of my salad when Kat brought the rest of my meal. To my surprise, the entree comes with double the portion of the almond shrimp the appetizer does. Well there was no way I was going to eat all of that. I finished my salad, tasted my corn grits, enjoyed a few shrimp and packed the rest to take home for lunch the next day. I love when I get a bonus meal!
The shrimp reheated well in my air fryer and Kat sent me home with some of the sauces to pour over them. The corn grits reheat well in the microwave, and think they tasted even better than the day I ordered them. 
Zea is one of the old faithful restaurants that you can visit for a good meal for a descent price with a nice ambiance. This will also be one of my new go-tos when I'm dining alone. The entire staff was nice and inviting, even the chef thanked me for coming as I was leaving. Until we meet again.I love Zea's. For some reason, I forget this place when I can't think of where to go and I'm not willing to gamble and try something new. You know how you have those days and you just want what you already know? That's Zea's 
I love the Mediterranean hummus. The ribs were a favorite, but they've been consistently fatty for a while now :( and the shrimp appetizer is amazing. 
So why the 3 stars? The service is not the best. I think they give the wait staff too many tables and we end up waiting forever for every single thing: ordering, drinks, food and the bill! And as of late, they've been messing up a little in the kitchen. The Mediterranean hummus plate and shrimp are always consistent. But hey....after a couple of months, I always reAwesome place to dine. Fried fish was sumptuous, along with the barbecue ribs & chicken.Holy cow, I hit the holy grail of amazing food.  I love red beans and rice and you just can't find a place that does it like mom use to make... until now.  Andouille sausage, grilled chicken.  What more could you ask for.  We were fiven a sampling of the Thai ribs, grits and yams and just wow!  
Seriously,  the ribs melted in my mouth with every bite, seasoned just rights.  Never had grits this good before.  And the yam is amazingly good.  
Sorry I did not take more pictures but this place is the bomb...
Parking is good,  getting to the place maybe challenging but otherwise a great place for an amazing meal...
Thank you Zea's...The Honey island chicken salad was perfectly crispy on the outside. Thick piece of chicken that was fried to perfection. Tried the Almond Chicken salad for the first time and it was great as well. Dressing wasn't overly sweet but had a lot of ginger flavor to it. Not pictured, we also got the Mediterranean Hummus which is sometimes hit or miss "/ a bit inconsistent at this location, but was excellent this time.