Really beautiful cafe. I stopped by to work remotely for a few hours and I felt so comfortable here. Wasn't too busy, there was plenty of seating, and the variety of pastries was astronomical. Plus Creole Creamery is virtually next door so stop by next door for a yay-i'm-done-working treat.Cute cafe located right next door to Creole Creamery. I love the modern and minimalist vibe. I've had the breakfast croissants, buttermilk drop, apple fritter and some chocolates. Everything I've tried has been great! I haven't had too much trouble with the staff, thankfully. It can get pretty crowded during the weekend morning rush (lots of families, kids, and strollers), but it usually clears out by 11am-ish. The wifi is excellent. The music is usually a little too loud in here to get any real studying done, but it's a nice place to do some busy work. There aren't that many outlets, so if you're alone and need to sit at the communal table, it might be difficult to charge your laptop. Also, the ventilation (or lack thereof) is terrible, so you WILL come out smelling like fried food. 
Other Yelpers have mentioned that they run out of food too soon; I agree. Sadly though, I don't think that this is a problem isolated to just this establishment -- it seems like NOLA eateries in general just don't have a sense of how much food to stock. Prices are comparable to other coffee shops in the LGD/Uptown area.I just want to say that some of the comments on this business are petty and obnoxious. As a New York transplant,  I can say that the bagels at this location are great. No, they are not 'New York' bagels, but they are as good as it gets in New Orleans (one thing that seems can never be done right). I have personally talked to the owner with my husband and I can see why he can come off as rude, but the guy cares about this business and cares about his product if you don't like it then don't come. Every Sunday he is greeting folks and making sure everything is running smoothly. If anything some of the pretentious 'uptown' people make coming here a bit annoying for us regular folk, but that's another conversation.  I'm writing this review mainly because this is a great local business. I come all the way from Metairie for a coffee and bagel a la New York, which again, is impossible to get ANYWHERE besides Steins, which is delish too. I never understood why a bacon egg and cheese was so hard to get in this region, but whatever. Yes, the place gets packed, yea come early. Stop being such whiners!Food delicious, if they keep the thanksgiving turkey sandwich on the menu I'll be a regular! Only reason took off a star, is cause its a bit pricey, but awesome sandwiches and pastries!Super comfortable, light and airy cafe with coffee tea, biscuits, breakfast and sandwiches. Beautiful interior and super cozy outdoor space with tables in the back.
The fried chicken biscuit was awesome and $5.50, which fit my budget for a quick light brunch item. The chicken was tender and juicy and the biscuit was excellent and perfectly made. It is served dry (maybe there's some butter spread) so I added Crystal hot sauce and honey , which was super tasty. 
The cold brew ice coffee was also very good and 3.30 for 16oz.
They serve breakfast everyday from 6:30 - 5pm, which is really a perk for me! Their breakfast options are WAY more affordable than there lunch sandwiches. 
Although, the bagel & lox is 15.40!  and most of the lunch sandwiches run upwards of $12+, which I find to be a bit overpriced for this type of business.
Staff is nice, friendly and food came out quickly. The fried chicken & biscuit was tasty and cold brew good. I give it 3stars mostly because I find it a bit over priced for a breakfast/lunch cafe where you order at the counter. However, if I find my self in the area and hungry I'd definitely come back for a biscuit, breakfast item or coffee. But you will NOT find me here paying $15.40 for a French Dip sandwich!This establishment is a coffee house that does some baked goods, desserts and sandwiches.  I was really leaning towards two stars as I HATE the hours this place keeps.  I made it in here once, right after they opened, and they were sold out of everything.  After about 20 more attempts I finally made it here before their posted closing time of 6pm but they stop serving sandwiches at 5pm.  Holy Batman I was getting frustrated BUT the owner saved the day and one star by stepping up and making one last sandwich for the day.  While I was waiting for my French Dip roast beef sandwich I also ordered an apricot raspberry pistachio bar which was pretty good.  The sandwich was pretty good too with rare roast beef on real French bread with a dipping sauce that seemed to be French Onion Soup.  The food was good but a bit overpriced and this seems to mainly be a breakfast and lunch joint.  I would like this place a lot more if it were open late as I'm a night owl and have to work during the day.Uptown looking for a nice breakfast that wasnt packed and was quick and I stopped in at Manhattan Jack. The menu has changed since they first opened and the pastry bar was full of cookies and not pastries on this occasion so I ordered a breakfast sandwich and coffee. I got the biscuit sandwich and it was just ok, with the iced coffee it was no better than what I could have gotten at McDonalds. I was really disappointed by the pastry bar and may come back for another try but on this occasion it was a let-down.I go here often because it's close. I always only ever get drip coffee to go. I always have to stand in a LONG line to get it. I would love it if they could devise a way for us regulars to get our coffee and go. Honor bar, maybe? It's not like with the clientele they serve that they would have to worry about anybody abusing the honor system... The coffee is always good, the wait is always very long.Do your self a favor and don't go to Manhattan Jack on a Saturday or Sunday. As a matter of fact, only go if you can arrive at 9 am on a Tuesday because that is the only day that the kitchen can accommodate your order. Sadly, since 9am is after all of the office people pillaged the bagel supply, you might not get to eat one of these coveted treats even on a Tuesday. Be prepared to be SOL on that front. However, if you do manage to secure a bagel, the pretzel bagel sandwich is delicious. Super small, you might have to fight someone for a second order because of that supply/demand issue. 
Also, apparently they do not accommodate special orders even when you are only requesting a special order because they are sold out of everything that they actually put on their menu. Be careful if you change to bread, you might just end up with half a sandwich. Today I ordered my regular pretzel bagel sandwich without cheese. They can usually manage that. Not today. Today the LAST BAGEL in house was mine and they slathered cheese all over my sandwich and served it to me on a dirty plate that had some other person's jam on it. Gross. I couldn't even ask for another one because there were no more. 
My friend had it worse. They were sold out of bagels by her turn (next) so she ended up making a sandwich on toast. For some reason (even though everyone else got full sandwiches) she only got a half. Maybe they ran out of bread too? They also wouldn't let her add lox. Apparently it is the lox plate or nothing on that front. No avocado. But they do have guacamole. Just kidding. After offering guacamole the (barrista?) took it back because they were out of that too. 
I feel pretty shitty about today because I convinced my best friend that crossing town was a great idea to grab some late breakfast and do some writing. I spent the drive hyping her up about how great the coffee is here and how delicious the bagels are. From years in the service industry, I know what its like when the kitchen goes down (it sucks.) but sometimes it happens. Today's disaster could have been prevented. 1) why did you stop making bagels but keep pumping out rice crispy treats? NO ONE WANTS A RICE CRISPY TREAT.
Also, their WiFi is not on until TWO on the weekends. WTF? If you are trying to be a restaurant and not a coffee shop, fine. But at least have enough food to back your credibility as a restaurant. The toxic attitude from the kitchen oozed into the entire space and there is no one that wasn't stressed out as a result. Thankfully one of the staff saved the day and was super nice and got me a new place and worked some magic to get the internet turned on 45 minutes early. Hallelujah! 
The WiFi thing was the icing on burnt cookie because not only do they not have any food at 1pm on a Sunday, they also make it impossible to work. Even at their communal table which is void of the menacing sings about tables being for reserved for "breakfast and lunch customers only." 
Get it together, Manhattan Jack. Are you a restaurant or a coffee shop? I couldn't even get a pretzel bagel sandwich at 8:45am on a Saturday. Yesterday! I was told "we didn't make them yet today." Why would the bakers not bake something that is on the menu? Silly me for coming back today. What a bummer.Nice breakfast spot, good coffee and nice choice of breakfast sandwiches.  Clean, "techno" atmosphere populated by hipsters.  Has the patina of a franchise.  Good possible breakfast spot with convenient parking.  My new alternative during peak demand times.The food here is quite good, but the prices are downright outrageous. $4.40 for a decorated cookie? $15+ for a French Dip (and mind you, this is a place where you order at the counter)? And perhaps the greatest indignity - $8 for a Taylor ham and cheese! (plus $1 if you want an egg) I mean, I get that we're not in NJ anymore, Toto, but come on! Yes, this is stuff that is far and few between around here, but still, feel like prices could be a little more reasonable.Well Manhattanjack, on my last visit I find that you have improved.  I felt that the selection was decent, the prices are clearly marked, and I didn't feel completely ripped off at the till.  That said, I really think 3.5 stars would be the best rating.
The coffee: I order a medium latte and was told it has 3 shots of espresso in it.  The medium size seems very large to me, and I was happy that it had 3 shots and that I didn't need to add any sugar because the coffee wasn't bitter, but sometimes even with all of those shots, it seemed like I was just drinking steamed milk.
The pastries: I ordered a blueberry scone ($2) and a massive coconut macaroon ($4) to go.  The blueberry scone is drop biscuit style and was very nice with the coffee.  I had the coconut macaroon later.  It was good, but maybe a bit dry.  I think it isn't cooking entirely evenly because its so big so you get some dry spots.  I would rather get more smaller ones than such a large one.
The seating is limited, but it looks like people are embracing the big middle table.  I like the clean modern decor.  I think that the owners are keeping the place up nicely, and I am happy to see that they appear to be improving rather than gradually declining.An average coffee shop. The pastries are so expensive. The waitstaff is nice enough. The breakfast sandwiches are good. Nothing I crave, but I have no problem going for a quick bite or to grab coffee with a friend.I have been here a bunch now to study and get snacks. 
What's good:
Brownie and hazelnut sandwich - this thing is amazing!!! It's huge and you probably should share it but I don't. I posted a pic of it on this site. A little expensive but worth it, so good.
Buttermilk drop - yum and only 0.75 each, just as good as Buttermilk Drop bakery
Strawberry donut - very good, heard they have a maple bacon donut like the one at Blue Dot, can't wait to try it.
Ham and cheese croissant - great, not as good as La Boulangerie which is hard to beat but better than Maple Street Patisserie and very expensive compared to those two. I think it was like $5 and wasn't as big.
Wish they had:
coffee menu
prices listed in front of each thing bc everything is priced differently. 
later hours
Would like to try the sandwiches, wish they had a half sandwich option with soup.
Like the big table in the middle but wish there were a few more smaller tables as all the tables are always taken up.
All in all I enjoy going and will continue to go and try all his dishes!The ladies who work here are friendly and take time to get to know their regulars. I was first drawn here for the doughssant- the elusive doughnut croissant hybrid. I stayed for the breakfast sandwiches- try the chicken biscuit! And the mckenzie's style buttermilk drops delivered fresh from the buttermilk drop bakery. Coffee is also excellent here, and the open airy atmosphere invites you to stay for a spell in the early morning before the crowds arrive.There was a curly haired girl at the register and she was so kind and helpful. We took home a gooey bar, a pecan bar, and a chocolate orange bar. Oh my word the gooey bar was by far my favorite. So delicious! The pecan bar was also great. The chocolate orange was fine but that gooey bar I will be dreaming about it! I wish I bought 3!A local fave for sure.  For my tourist self, it's a nice spot to have at least tried once, but if I was a local probably not my first choice to get my morning americano.  Service was a bit slow to acknowledge me, even when I was the only one at the counter ready to order.
Along with my americano, I needed to have some of their sweet treats.
I did enjoy the buttermilk drop doughnut and found it to be fluffy, soft and fresh with just the right amount of glaze.
Not a fan of their turtle cookies.  The shortbread is too salty while the caramel and chocolate lacked the sweetness I was longing for and was hard as a rock.  Made biting into the cookie really difficult!
Saving the best for last, I would come back for their raspberry apricot pistachio bars!  Just enough softness with a bit of baked cookie crispness.  Powder sugar cuts thru the jams making it less tart.
Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back here if I was around this 'hood, most likely because I'm waiting for Creole Creamery to open, and because I'm an americano addict! 
(NOLA trip: 2/2015)Literally the best grilled cheese of my life. I'm a simple girl: A basic grilled cheese makes me happy, and the one I had at Manhattan Jacks made me VERY, VERY HAPPY. Nothing fancy, just textbook-thick bread, a big old glob of melty cheese and lots of buttery/salty flavor-joy. 
I dig the outdoor seating, and the sunny courtyard in the back. I don't know if the two-to-a-table rule applies out there, bc I've never been harassed for sitting solo. But after reading other yelpers reviews, I deducted a star for this ridiculous seating policy. If you're spending money on food, you should be able to sit wherever you damn well please to eat it. If the owners dont want single crowding up their four-tops, then invest in a few bistro tables. There seems to be enough space for more seating to be added. 
The major issue I have with this coffeehouse is that their name and logo is so stupid/clinical/generic that I avoided visiting for the first year that they were open. We're not in Manhattan, and their bagels (while yummy)  taste nothing like NY bagels. It's a dumb branding decision and I feel like it sort of insults the intelligence of the potential clientele. 
Those petty complaints aside, it's a pleasant place to curl up on a comfy chair with a book, drink a coffee and feast on an array of sweet treats, all of which are amazing.Cute bistro style eatery.  Tons of homemade sweets and breads. Breakfast all day. Very tasty hot sandwiches.  The caprese grilled cheese - on house made bread - is amazing. The pesto spread is absolutely delicious.  Quick ordering at the counter and minimal wait for them to bring out your food.  Friendly staff. Well priced.I love this place for bagels and coffee. It's a cute little neighbord spot that has pastries, bagels, breakfast and lunch. Their everything bagels and vegetable cream cheese are the best. And I love their iced coffee. Staff is always very friendly and helpful.Tried it for the second time. Not one person there wears gloves!! The owner touches all the food as he puts it out. None of the employees wears gloves when handling food!! Discussing!! I'm sure the health department would love this place!!Owner/manager very rude and unprofessional.  Walked backwards in to me.  Screamed at me and demanded an apology.  
We visited several times before as this place is close to home.  Not again.  Food is expensive and quality is average.  Definitely not worth the verbal and physical abuse.The Good:
     - beautiful and open space
     - plenty of room to set up and study/hang out
     - delicious iced coffee
     - staff is super laid back and friendly
     - numerous menu options and rotating baked goods, so you can always find something tasty
The Bad:
     - very limited hours. MJ would be my usual spot if they closed later than 6pm.Just went to get a bagel and pick up a king cake for the office at 8 a.m. on a Monday. Neither one was ready. I can maybe understand not having the king cakes ready (was told it would be an hour) but no bagels? At 8 in the morning on a Monday? That's just unacceptable.Came in for 3 quick lattes & a toasted bagel to go; it took way longer than it should. One coffee-drink maker multi-tasking like crazy at 7 am; apparently not enuf (tho there were 5 people working.). Personally, I want my AM coffee promptly & do not need chirpy new friends; just make the coffee, Jackie!Good spot but seriously can't stand the stench left on your clothing the rest of the day. I've been in to pick up breakfast bagel to go and left with stink on my clothes. Install a new vent!Best bagel in New Orleans!  Great coffee, they also keep almond milk on hand.  Busy on a Sunday morning but ample seating, bright and spacious room, cool pendent lighting over the large wood grain community table in the center of the restaurant.  Local art on the walls.  Friendly staff, lots of locals popping in.  Music is at a good volume, hip modern alternative tunes.Delicious dessert and chocolate. The coffee and espresso is also delicious! We will be back to try out the lunch menu. They have a huge selection to choose from.Came here for breakfast but they ran out. Tried their stuffed croissants, their sausage and egg as well as their bacon and egg with a cappuccino. It was 10 am and there was a consistent line stretching the length of their display case. The wait was a little long but it's a great place to relax and grab a light breakfast. It's not super crowded and the backyard seating was very relaxing. The coffee and stuffed croissants were good. I would come back for their sweets should I want to experience the relaxing Nola lifestyle.The cute blondie at the counter was very nice and made my coffee just the way I like it.  (Ladies, he is new to town--you should definitely get on this one).  However, I was unimpressed with the lack of selection of baked goods.  Also, the menu was nonexistent.  When I asked for the menu, I was told they gave away their last one.  The restaurant was not packed--how many menus did they print?  I tried a few pastries with my friend, including the macaroon.  The texture was spot on, however it was overloaded with sugar.  I would really like to see some healthier and/or dairy-free options  to accommodate the growing population of vegans in the city.  Lastly, when I was rung up on their iPad register, I was forced to select from a few gratuity options which made me feel a bit uncomfortable.  Tips should be earned, not required.I love it here: excellent food, nice, friendly and warm staff, and a welcoming atmosphere.I was just visiting New Orleans and my friend said that we should go here for breakfast. I am so happy that we did. We shared the fried chicken and honey on a biscuit and I can tell you I'm honestly still dreaming about it. We also each got an assortment of candies and she got some sort of apricot pastry. Everything was phenomenal. Wish there was one in California!Went back and gave the apple fritter another try on the recommendation of Coleman, 1/2 of the duo that owns the spot. It was much fresher, and again, the cappuccino was wonderful. It's easy to get in and out when you're feeling harried in the AM, so I'm looking forward to spending time here on a free day.I enjoy the Saturday mornings here.  Fresh croissants and a fresh espresso. The owner Jack is friendly and will most likely swing by your table to ask how things are going.  I highly recommend it to everyone.Came here for the Dough-sant aka Cronut and guess what...there weren't any!
First of all when I came here it was around 1pm on a Tuesday there was absolutely no one there other than me. I heard that they made their own version of Cronuts here so I knew I had to give them a try! I'm not from New Orleans so this for me was a once in a life time chance. As I look into the glass in front I realize there are no Cronuts in sight!! I immediately ask the man behind the pastry counter where they are and he tells me that they only make a "limited amount" everyday. Obviously they don't make enough. What a huge disappointment. Well after a few minutes of looking around I realize that everything else looks simply generic. chocolate chip cookies and blueberry muffins don't seem all that appetizing to me after driving 20 minutes to this place. 
As I look around I see that there are laminated signs everywhere saying that one cannot sit at a table alone because they are reserved for two or more people. I guess I would understand this "rule" but I WAS THE ONLY ONE THERE! It just seemed rude and this place was a little too pretentious for me. 
Customer service meh and selection is anything but impressive.3.25/5 decent work haunt
it's bright, and there seems to be ample seating for the crowd it draws. that chocolate chocolate chocolate cookie really delivers on all its chocolate-y goodness. the staff have been pretty helpful, and they even indulged a recent lemonade/iced tea/iced tea concoction - it was refreshing! i also like that they seem pretty chill about you working there, have gotten 2 productive afternoons in recently.Plenty of parking! Always key for anything Uptown. Retro feel and staff was friendly. They have a good mix of tables, high tops, and sofas.My disclaimer for this review is that I never give a single star (until now). Even when I'm really worked up about bad service, I usually cool off and chalk it up to a bad day. I was a waitress and barista throughout high school and college and I loved it, and I know how exhausting it can be. Unfortunately, I'm really fed up with the service at Manhattanjack.
I have given Manhattanjack multiple chances over the last several months and it has never failed to disappoint in one way or another. While the baked goods are perfectly adequate, the staff are nearly universally rude and uninterested in customer service (eye rolls, heavy sighs when a request is made, ignoring people in line). I have heard similar complaints from many friends who have been as well. Once, when arriving at noon, I was told by a very annoyed barista that the soup wouldn't be ready until 1pm because "that's when lunch starts."
Today I went to eat a late lunch and get some work done (as I have done multiple times before) and walked in right at 2pm. The barista helping was actually very friendly, took my order for a sandwich and an iced tea-lemonade. She started to make my drink and then told me they were out of lemonade, followed by, "Oh yea, we're not making sandwiches anymore. It's after 2pm." (It was about 2:03 at this point.)
Nowhere is there a sign advertising this restriction, and, in fact there was a board out front ADVERTISING the day's sandwich specials.
I'm so exhausted with the place I didn't even argue. I just took back my debit card a left, likely for the last time.Food is good, although pricey for a biscuit sandwich, and counter staff is friendly, but I probably won't get any more coffee drinks there - this morning a milk steamer cup fell on the floor, and the person making beverages picked it up and put it right back on the coffee machine. Yuck :(I don't know why I've not Yelped this superb cafe sooner-they always satisfy and delight. This is a great combo of a Sucre'-like patisserie/choclatier along with a first rate donut shop plus killer sandwiches and top flight coffee drinks, all in a chic and cozy environment-not enough spots in N.O.La. have couches/comfy chairs nor big communal tables-Manhattanjack has all of the above.
    They have deservedly gotten raves for their take on the cronut known as the dossant; if you have the chance, devour one (or ten) but this cornucopia of comestibles doesn't just present you with sweet treats (the chocolates are also killer though). Savory breakfast croissants (egg, cheese & bacon or egg,cheese & sausage) are flaky little butter-bombs of joy (so I've been told by my meat eating pals) and the local take on a lobster roll made with crawfish is an awesome lunch option any day.
     The cappucinos I've enjoyed are textbook tasty and their iced tea is perfect.
     Besides a cool environment, Manhattanjack is staffed by a gaggle of friendly and helpful folks who complete the scene of an ideal landing spot for a snack, lunch, coffee. or sugar orgy.
     Full disclosure: I am acquainted with one of the owners but didn't realize he was involved until my fourth visit, when my affection had already been won.The atmosphere is great, and the staff are always so welcoming and helpful. One of my favorite coffee shops in the city.The baked goods were great and so was the staff. I ordered a Chinese dot cookie, which was delicious. It was a hybrid shortbread-sugar cookie mix, but not overly sweet or buttery. The staff gave me a salted carmel chocolate candy for my birthday, which made me feel really special. I would certainly recommend this sweet joint to a friend.Everything I've had at MJ is delicious. This is as good a pastry shop as you will find in New Orleans, short only of Sucre.Like this place, but the fact that they no longer do Do'sants seems like a strange decision to make when it's what put them on the radar... Still a cute place with good sweets and sandwiches...I have had some really good sweets here.  Definitely try the strange looking Chinese sprinkle cookie with the chocolate drop...not it's name, but you'll see what I'm talking about.  Also a must try, I think it was a raspberry bar with pisatchio in it....OMG, so good.  I just finished it off, licking every finger after pulling it from the butter-soaked bag.  I do not recommend the apple-fritter, however...not very apple-y, and a little dry...I hope they read this and improve on it.  They can take some advise from Dorignac's on their apple fritters.  
Nice atmosphere.  Good music.  Sweet staff.Expensive and inefficient. 
This is not the place to go to for a quick anything. Everything takes a lot of time. 
Food is pretty good, however items will sell outWhenever I'm homesick for Long Island, I go to Manhattanjack to get a black and white.  The icing is perfect, and the cookie side is fluffy without any weird aftertaste.  
Sometimes they don't have them, and today they cheated by painting a regular sugar cookie.  It's kind of crunchy.  Hence the lost star.  I am writing this review, in part, to ensure that that's the last time it happens.  LONG LIVE BLACK AND WHITES.I want to love Manhattan Jack, I do. This stretch of Prytania needs a coffee shop, badly, and I'm really not asking for much. But:
--They still don't have a coffee menu. They've been open for three months. Buy a chalkboard, guys, and write it up there.
--They don't display (most) prices, include prices for coffee drinks and the treats displayed in the case. I've also never been offered a receipt. 
--I have gone there two times to buy a baguette. Both times, they have been out. And I'm not talking about running in at 5:45 right before close--more like midday . Back to Boulangerie!
--One of the owners (younger) is super friendly. The other one is not. I've seen him be rude to his co-owner, his staff, customers, and even a reporter/photographer who was there to do a story. He also likes to have loud conversations across the coffee shop, apparently not noticing that people are working and studying at his tables.
-I feel like they haven't made up their mind about what they want to be--a bakery? a coffee shop? a chocolate shop? a sandwich place? Instead of choosing one--or doing several well--they seem to be doing a little bit of each, leaving me a little bit unsatisfied no matter what I'm seeking.I would have given 5 but the owner is...well, let's just say that most food service place believe the customer is always right.  Not this guy.  It's his way or the highway -- not good business smarts.
I adore the macaroons, and fruit bars, and buttermilk ball thingies.  But I also really LOVED the dosants.  Welp, ya better get 'em now because their getting rid of them.  Too hard to make (which I totally believe, which is why we go OUT to get them).  But the owner doesn't want to be thought of as "the copy cat."  Are you kidding me?  Unless you're being sued by Disney why not maximize on the popularity?
One more thing.  They have reuben sandwiches on their lunch menu.  I LOVE reubens.  But, um, they're supposed to be made with pastrami, not corned beef (I have NO idea who came up with that).  Which is fine -- they have pastrami, so just substitute, right?  Wrong.  There will be no substitutions.  Again, really?  Shouldn't the customer get what the customer wants?
I'm just sayin'.Nice place to get a sweet treat or lunch.  Free wifi.  Music was a little too loud/distracting as we were trying to get some homework & work done, but not too bad.Coffee was good and the coconut macaroon was amazing. This place could become habitual.Friendly staff, quality ingredients, inflated prices. 
First off, the staff were very nice and friendly. I ordered a bagel and lox at a cost of $15 and change. A little high, I thought, knowing that I can get two at that price at another local bakery. No sweat, perhaps the quality is better or maybe it's put together really well. I ordered it to go and once I arrived home and opened the box, I realized it was not put together at all. The bagel was toasted, which is great, but the salmon was rolled up next to the bagel, the cream cheese was in to go ramekins, and the onions and capers were scattered about the box. Come on. If I wanted to make my own bagels, I would go to rouses, spend the same amount of money and have the components to make several bagels. Don't get me wrong, the bagel was tasty once I put it together, but I don't expect to have to make my own sandwich after spending $16 on it.What a cute place! The hot mocha was decadent, super frothy. I'm going to need to go back to try one of the scrumptious sounding sandwiches. The baked goods all looked very fresh and delicious too. I will be going back soon, hopefully will have more to add to my review.I am constantly amazed by Manhattanjack. Every single thing I have gotten at this bakery has been among the best I've ever had. The cookies are incredible, as are the donuts, cake, brownies, and turtles. The bakers know what they are doing, and it is reflected in the perfection of their baked goods. My only complaint is that it can be awkward when picking out a treat when there is a line that you have to move back and forth through, but not sure they can do anything to help this. I recommend this bakery over all other bakeries in New Orleans for absolutely ever type of treat.My cuban was ok. This sandwich, and the others my friends ordered, is a perfect example was why I hate going out for breakfast and lunch. It's expensive and just not that great. I'd rather save my dollars for dinner and make my own sandwich for lunch. I didn't try any of the sweets and while they looked and smelled lovely, I probably won't be back.It's a good coffee shop. Lots of business men meetings, studious college kids  and household mother with their crying kids during the day. 
The baked goods and coffee is a bit overpriced. My only thing is that there almost always a line when you walk in. The service is good, but a bit slow, I mean slow. Besides that, It's ok.Wow, the cutest atmosphere and the most delicious black and white cookie I've ever had! The girl behind the counter was so kind and helpful!If you have a job and cannot spend 3 hours waiting for lunch, this place is not for you. The food is alright (but expensive), however no matter what (whether you're eating in, carrying out, calling ahead for a to go order) they will make you wait an excessive amount of time for mediocre food. I have been here 5 times (three of which I called ahead so I could pick up my food- 45 min later still not ready). I would not recommend this place to anyone.Ok, now I've had a sandwich and their pecan bar.  Jeeesh, the pecan bar is so buttery delicious!  The sandwich (Cuban) was super yummy.
My ONLY complaint is that when I leave there, I reek of food smell.  I think they need to improve on their hood vent.My husband was asked to leave for no reason. He was drinking his coffee and doing some work when the owner came over and asked him to leave the table so people could have lunch. Apparently, there was a small sign saying to leave tables available for people having lunch. My husband didn't see the sign, and apologized and questioned why he needed to leave since no one was there trying to have lunch. The place wasn't even full yet. Instead of being polite and appreciating his customers, the owner loudly shamed my husband for his mistake and said the tables (a two top, by the way) are needed for lunch and asked him to leave. This is really too bad because their coffee is decent and the other workers are very kind. Maybe they'll be under new ownership one day and we'll try it again.Had the cappuccino, triple in a small cup. And we got 2 croissants. Everything was almost $10, which seems kind of high to me. I'm a recent transplant from Brooklyn, and that sounds high for NOLA. But it was good. 
P.S. My daughter broke one of the popcorn bags and the nice girl behind the counter was nice enough not to charge us. That's worthy of five stars if anything is.Great iced coffee, fresh bagels, egg sandwiches, home fries, I also recommend the buttermilk dropsI love this place, I only wish they were open later in the evening (close at 6). Wonderful coffee- I especially enjoy their cold brew in the summer and their unique "Spanish coffee" during the colder months (lol, as if that ever happens here in NOLA), the latter is rich and thick and warming and just sweet enough (it's the condensed milk!) and I haven't seen another coffee shop in the city sell it! 
The atmosphere is light and airy, an invigorating space that's always adorned with extraordinary local art (lots of coffee shops hang local artists' work, but more often than not it is horrible *cough Cafe Luna cough* but ManhattanJack's art is always commanding and elegant). So the art snob AND the coffee snob in me are both happy here :) Can't forget to mention the amazing England River Shelf which strikingly ornaments the wall behind the counter. 
And I haven't even gotten to their pastries and chocolates and other confections... All are delightful. The classic choco chip cookie and turtle are personal faves. Gonna get a bearclaw in honor of this future doctor's favorite TV doctor Mindy Lahiri next time I feel like cheating on the ol' diet!I got a cappuccino around noon today. The milk was piping hot, I burnt my tongue at the first sip. The coconut macaroon I got with the cappuccino was good.Where to start?  The best coffee I've ever had!  Only problem is the cups are too small!  the fresh baked pastries, cookies, are amazing, the macaroons, to die for (that's what I'm hoping for when I get to the pearly gates, they hand me a bag of the macaroons and a coffee).  The bagels are a meal unto themselves.  Wish we lived in New Orleans year round, rather than just visiting every couple of years.  Where were you when I was at Tulane?The service is terrible, but I love the products. I get frustrated because they need a system of some kind to actually function for customers, but the staff is always disorganized, and it takes forever just to get a coffee. I would go every day if I could count on getting a cup of coffee and a donut in less than 15 mins, but you really can't.I come here about once a week to treat myself to their delicious iced coffee and a breakfast sandwich - if they have any. Whomever does their ordering needs to relearn what they sell because they run out of everything always. Or simply end breakfast earlier than 11 so people would arrive at 10:30 aren't disappointed and hungry.  The kicker was them running out of things over big festival weekends - it just seems like a poorly run business. 
Good food and coffee though - if you have the time to wait, their internet doesn't cut out so they can't charge your card, and haven't run out of what you want.Beautiful understated space, soothing upbeat music, great coffee, yummy chocolates, and delicious sandwiches. The super friendly staff that actually seem happy to see you and to make recommendations. Don't miss: fresh macaroons and bar cookies, tomato basil grilled cheese, iced coffee. They will happily box and bow a gift of sweets for you to give!I keep trying to make this place work and it keeps disappointing. The system for ordering food and drinks is disorganized and confusing. 
The bagels are great but I've tried to get a bagel three times over the last two weeks and every time I go there are no bagels. Not a single bagel. The last time I was there I asked and was told they were baking and it would be another 20 minutes. I was there on a weekday morning and did not have the time to sit around for 20 minutes waiting for a bagel. If you're going to be a bakery then all of your products should be available as soon as you open.Good food for what it is, but abominable service.  10:30 a.m. on Saturday before Mardi Gras. Loooooong line, not unexpected. Much time to peruse menu and display case for impulse purchases. Line was exactly 20 minutes long, which is quite the wait when much of their breakfast menu appeared to be pre made. Placed my order and was told they were all out. Placed my backup order and was told the same thing. Perused the menu and asked for yet another item that one might think would be simple--ham and Swiss on a bagel--and snippy register girl, who needs a job that doesn't include dealing with customers, told server who was trying to help me NOT to sell bagels, of which they clearly had a supply. Server accommodated me anyway and I then waited 15 minutes for that order, which I think appeared only because I asked at the 10 minute mark. I understand they were switching to lunch menu,, but they need to figure out how to do that without killing the last half hour of breakfast service.  It's an issue everyone faces, even New Yorkers in the Flatiron District. Those customers would walk in a hot minute with this kind of service.  Here's a suggestion-- how about a sign on the counter with items that are 86ed listed. Here's another one--get someone to actually manage. People were running around doing all kinds of stuff, like putting out little plastic cups and covers, except taking care of customers, with a smile on their face.Awesome bakery! We went for coffee and couldn't believe how good the croissants, bagels and donuts were. Highly recommendDiscussing. Not one person uses gloves or paper when handling  food. I watched the owner transfer an entire tray of cookies from the tray to display with his bare hands. Health inspector would not like that. I will never eat there. Only coffee.Visited here 2x already. First time, I only bought coffee to go but did not stay. Coffee is ok here. Today, stayed back for studying but ambience smells smokey. It lacks the coffee shop ambience due to the smokey kitchen smell, which needs to be ventilated better to create a relaxing coffee shop atmosphere.Walked by MANHATTANJACK yesterday after a lunch at St. James Cheese that had me sending up praises to the cheese and bread gods.  Intrigued by the sweet smells wafting out, my friends and I popped in to have a look, and after we stepped out, the proprietor came out to offer us a sample of his pistachio crusted, white chocolate covered english toffee.  AMAZING.  Judging from the website, I think we spoke with Jack himself, and he was so kind and excited.  I will be back.Visiting daughter at Tulane. Second time here. I like ambiance. Big comfy couches. Nice designed garden outdoor patio. Food is very comforting, great pastries. Love the turtle cookie. Monte Carlo not traditional so I didn't like it unfortunately. Picky about those. Somewhat slow service...but very polite and friendly!  Also breakfast only served to 11. Wish it were all-day. Hottest day possible in NOLA-BTW-and comfortable enough to sit on patio if under umbrella shade--but I'm not ultra-sensitive to heat.Eee!!! There has been a dearth of study-conducive cafes in New Orleans. but I think the food, drink, and dining God must have read my unwritten wishes. 
We had just visited the Creole Creamery next door when we discovered this great cafe. Easily could have written off the place off as a furniture store had I not noticed some patrons cradling coffee mugs by the windowside. The cafe is clean, white, very very spacious and large enough to accommodate - my favorite - a communal wooden table! people are busy at work in front of laptops here. At the same time, there is a fast turnover of customers looking to grab and go coffee and sweets as well. 
Great latte drinks, and the teas they carry here are top notch... Very smooth, without tasting in the mouth of bitter caffeine residues. The baked goodies are great, and I have yet to try their artisan chocolates but it must be good, seeing as the website has a whole page devoted to chocolates! 
Probably the most welcome addition to Garden District yet.I'll admit that the ambiance is very nice, clean, modern, and just an overall place I would love to spend my study sessions or hangout at; however, this does not make up for the very pricey pastries.  I ventured here, after hearing all about the do'sant.   In case anyone is wondering, a do'sant is supposed to be the equivalent to a cronut.  I'm pretty sure the cronut hype was just at its peak when I found out the do'sant and HAD to have one.  On their website, they list many different flavors of do'sant, but fail to mention that the flavors vary by day.  They also fail to provide a price, even at the place.  I walked in and the lady, who got me a do'sant was less than welcoming.  I had to ask her to help me, and no one else was in line.  When I asked about other flavors of do'sant, she curtly replied there was only once flavor for the day.  I just got one to try.  It was slightly larger than the size of my tiny palm for the price of $5!  Now let's get to the final verdict, the taste.  It was nothing special.  I got caught up in the cronut hype.My favorite place to get work done in NOLA! I come here once every few weeks and order a latte and a small bite. I highly recommend their bagels and they have pretty unique choices for cream cheese! I also love their buttermilk drop balls, turtles, and sugar cookies. If you want donuts, make sure to get there in the morning or they will run out! I see other reviews that say the service was terrible but I've been here 20+ times and I have never had any issues. In fact, the cashier overheard me telling a friend how good their chocolate cake looked and he surprised me with a slice for free! Also, they don't play music too loud so it's a great place to get work done. This is definitely one of my happy places in NOLA :)Found the gem while wandering through the neighborhood. Had the chai tea latte and the black and white cookie. Cookie was delicious and the latte hit the spot. Would definitely recommend and would probably ride the trolley back into again. The sweet girl at the counter even gave us a few treats to take back that would've just been thrown out. So sweet!Overpriced sandwiches- service pretty slow as others have mentioned. I waited ~20 minutes for a few slices of cheese and tomato on bread with very few people eating at the time. Staff doesn't seem cool with substitutions...was told a caprese sandwich "wouldn't fit" on a bagel (whaaa??). On the other hand, pastries are delicious and ginger iced tea super refreshing!