Get what you expect from a sports bar.  Good Bloody Mary.  Decent service. Recliners for the big screen are nice if that's your thing. But food was underwhelming.This service was epically slow.  No one apologized after we expressed our frustration on two separate occasions.Avoid this fake football tourist trap at all costs!  Went here upon wrapping up JazzFest weekend...terrible mistake!  First impression: Told hostess we wanted a table for 3, she responded with "You'll have to wait 5 minutes" ...mind you, this place was maybe @ 20% capacity....I ordered a dozen wings as an appetizer...I could not believe how sparse and dry the wings were! I'm not picky but the chicken these wings were harvested from appeared to come from
an anorexic, meth addicted chicken!  Hard to understand how anyone expediting would allow these to leave the kitchen!  For lunch I ordered an Archie Classic Burger with American cheese:hard to screw up a burger but it seems to be what Manning excels in and does it well.  The patty was way overdone and uninspired.  The roll was stale and over toasted.  The fries were cold and tasteless.  Since when is Archie Manning known for his burgers? He's mostly known for being an OK QB on a shitty team in a Nasty ass town.  I would've giving this place zero stars but the ice tea was pretty cold and they refilled it once.  Do yourself a favor and skip this joke of s bar while in NO!This was one of the worst experiences I've had.  Ordered appetizers and took 35 min to arrive at the table and the place was pretty empty.  The portions were so ridiculously small and over priced (the shrimp corndogs had 4 tiny shrimp for $9). I couldn't even believe they felt OK to serve this on a plate.  The entrees were not much better and took forever as well.  The server left all the dirty plates on the table during the entire meal.
The TVs are good and the layout is nice however I would never go back to this place!Went to Manning's on a Saturday night during Memorial Day Weekend.  Awesome place to watch sports.  Plenty of tvs inside.  We went there after a wedding and were out in the patio with the huge wall screened tv and watched the Blackhawks game.  Very spacious.  Great location next to Harrahs casino and other bars/restaurants.The BEST beignets in NOLA!  Go take your photo at the "famous" one and keep walking to Manning's....you're welcome!!  
Ask for Arthur.  He is a fantastic server: Friendly, knowledgeable, and professional.
Thanks for the great eats and the delicious beignets that we will be dreaming about!First time to NOLA and to Manning's.  Our server "Q" was fantastic. Took the time to give us local places to see and go after having some great local beer and wings!!!Don't go here unless you want to watch the game on recliners and have people serve you less than ideal bar food. Also be prepared to wait a very long time for everything. Went for a birthday party and from the hostess to the runner to the server the staff was untrained, slow, and confused. Will not return.Great food! Great atmosphere! Perfect weather for food in this traditional quintessential New Orleans courtyard!I've never been anywhere in the world with as incompetent service.   Dozens of employees ignoring the patrons.  I had to walk around restaurant to seek a hostess. Game machines were broken and no one could help fix or return my money.    Dinner food took forever.  I even had to ask for silverware, plates, napkins. You would think they would know that someone needs those items to eat food. Horrible experience.  Not even gonna bother getting into the foodGood place to watch the game. Overpriced prosecco!! Watched the game upstairs, bartenders friendly and attentive! Would have liked to see more seating upstairs and more reasonable prosecco pricing!Visiting New Orleans and thought where better to see the Super Bowl, what a mistake! The sound system was so bad you couldn't understand a word that was spoken. Cut back on the TV's and get some decent audio. 
The food was mediocre at best. The only redeeming quality was the wait staff. Cecelia was excellent and provided some quality service inspire of the short comings around her.I'm sure their trying.  But service is non existent and the excuse of were super busy in the back is not acceptable for a restaurant across from convention center.  Archie would be ashamed. And now We're getting hit up by a homeless guy.  And they didn't apologize for being late. Really disappointing.We had high hopes for this place. We went on a Saturday to watch some football and grab some food. It is your typical sports bar. We ended up leaving before our food came out. It was so loud that we couldn't hear our server or the other people at our table. I know sports bars are loud but this place was ridiculous.Yeah just go somewhere else...food was terrible and the service was worse than the food.Likely will never be back, I'll spend my hard earned money elsewhere. Transaction started at 5:47 PM. I ordered a balsamic chicken salad and two burgers to go. I don't end up getting the bill until 7:20. If you're thinking "wow almost two hours on that is too much" you would be right!
Coming here the traffic is redunkulous so I figure sitting down to eat instead of getting everything to go is a better idea (I was wrong). As I mentioned earlier I order a chicken balsamic salad and two burgers to go. The salad arrives, it has pecans and what seems to be blue cheese mixed in. Half-way through I receive my burgers, I then realized that she never asked me how I wanted them done so I look at the receipt of how she put the order in. Med-Rare...YUCK! I eat nothing besides well-done, I like my patties burnt and crispy just like my soul! She also added cheese (who pays for cheese? definitely should've asked me before adding an additional upcharge) anyways so the next time she comes over I tell her that I only eat well done meat (mmm dry) and she suggests that the kitchen will make it again. This could've been avoided if she had asked me what I wanted in the first place, the servers ALWAYS ask me how I want my burger prepared here and anyplace I order a burger. I finish eating at 6:20 and pull out my method of payment, a little later I get my burgers. She completely ignores me and I see multiple people getting their food, unbeknownst to myself at the time the manager passes me up looking bored towards other tables and doesn't ask me if I need anything. The waitress FINALLY asks me if I got the burgers and I say yes. She gives me the bill and I request to speak to her manager because I had been waiting on the bill for an hour at this point. She leaves then comes back and says that she messed up the bill after it had been cashed out and needed to charge more on my card (tick-tock-tick-tock). The manager comes up and I explain to her the situation and all she offers me is a slice of cake. I guess it's better than nothing but it in no way makes up for an hour wait to print out a receipt!
What upsets me the most is the lack of service, just because I came in by myself doesn't mean that I am less important than your other tables. My money is still green and I have NEVER received such lackluster service in my ENTIRE life! I'd give this place negative stars if I could.I had the artichoke dip appetizer 
A few cocktails
Took a to go order of a steak coleslaw and a bowl of gumbo
Pretty good foodFood misrepresented on menus. Waitresses boyfriend keeps distracting her from working. She took one person drink order at the table then got waters for everyone else. She then proceeded getting the rest of us our drink orders 1 at a time. Sitting here forcing ourselves through the appetizers and she still hasn't come by to take our dinner order. Asked the hostess a question that she was unable to answer which made her huffy and she grabbed the plate and said 'I don't know I've got to check' and walks away. Sorry, I don't eat returned food. Horrible experience. Terrible service, bad food, and they had a talk show on which made it so we couldn't have a conversation with each other. Trust me, save yourselves time and money and steer clear.Not only was the hostess and the bartender rude, they wouldn't accept any of our IDs because they were vertical and not horizontal, regardless of the birthdates on them. We are all over 21 and this has never happened to us.. they were not accommodating AT all and we definitely will not be back.Slow service and bland food. However we stayed to watch the NFL games. Lots of tvs, you have a view from any seat.This was our first dining out experience in NOLA, and we walked away with a skip in our step from our delightful service and delicious food. Our server Marlon was top notch and too good to us! The manager came by to talk to us a couple of times and we were surprised to be treated to some beignets compliments of the restaurant to finish out our experience. I highly recommend Mannings. Great atmosphere for familes and couples alike, AMAZING food, and smiling employees at every turn.Former long time New Orleans residents, our family met up in town for the Saints Monday Night game and a birthday celebration. We are all die-hard fans of the Manning family, and decided Manning's would be the perfect pre-game dinner spot. The atmosphere was nice, the restaurant is clean, and decorated with Manning memorabilia. The food was ok. The downfall was the service. The server was pleasant enough, though not friendly, and just did not seem interested in providing good service. We had to ask for utensils after our appetizers arrived. I asked three times for a cold glass (I never got it). The couple sitting next to us said they'd experienced the same thing with their service. We likely will not return.My husband and my cousin arrived at Manning's to watch the game. We walked in and was created by the host. We originally inquired about the lounge chairs but it was full. 
We ended up sitting outside which was amazing. There is a full size screen to watch the game and couch area. We sat in the couch area. 
The only "downside" is The servers do not come outside to take your orders. We were originally told we could order from a window outside but that was NOT available. Ordering from the window would have made it a little easier but going in to the bar wasn't so bad. Once the food was ready it was brought out by staff. Drinks were good. Food was amazing. The fries were awesome! Would definitely go again. This was perfect to watch the game as well.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d2545976-r585670065-Manning_s-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#Very poor and slow service. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. We waited 40 minutes for a spinach dip and 60 minutes for a hamburger???Good place for TV's and cold beer - the food - not so. Limited menu but not your typical sports bar fare. leans a little on the local side but not done very well. wait time for food was much longer than expected. Comfy though and every game you can imagine on a TV somewhere. Love the big stadium seating on the big screenPost Mardi Gras Day parades we stumbled upon this restaurant as it was super close to our hotel (Omni Riverfront) and one of the few places open on Fat Tuesday at 4pm! Very nice upscale sports bar atmosphere, large flat screens everywhere. Would be an awesome place to watch on gamedays. Our waitress was super funny and very good, gave us honest menu recommendations! I had BBQ pulled pork, coleslaw, and French fries, all perfectly cooked and seasoned. followed up with Beignets drizzled with carmel sauce and topped with candied pecans!!! Delicious!My first mistake was stopping by the opening Sunday of the NFL season, that being said, by the time of our arrival, the Saints fans had cleared out (and some players had come in).
We were given a 45minute to an hour window for a table. 'Okay,' I think, 'opening day.' We sat outside and watched our respective game, but there was little to NO service in the courtyard. Once we were sat inside, we had to search someone to put on our game, one of three, and the highlight game of the week.  Not a great start.
We all ordered food, although at staggered times.  We mostly had salads, all of which was slathered in dressing to the point where each individual leaf was as shiny as freshly polished shoe.   Not to say they were bad, but easy on the salad dressing boss man.  The burgers all looked fine, and the deserts were...satisfactory.  
Actually, hold on a tick. I ordered something and got a look of almost disgust when I was told that item was no longer served and something about the place burning down or something.  I don't know if he was kidding or what (I can't find any news on the subject).
The service was atrocious. At one point we had literally 10 empties sitting on the table, and two empty places, for over an hour.  OVER AN HOUR.  Fresh beers were forgotten, food took an hour to come out, menu's sat 7 deep on the table.   At one point, when we had moved outside for the evening game, we sat for over two hours without ONE waitress coming to the table.  Actually, my mistake, she came once, dropped off a menu, and was never seen again.
Avoid this place if you want to eat/drink.  Come for the football.STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! 
June 6, 2017 Tuesday around 7pm. We noticed the popular name MANNINGs Restaurant. We, my daughter and son-in-law from France (first timer in Nola) wanted to give this restaurant a try since we were just by Harrahs hotel next door staying. Weather was ok that we were thinking of going to eat outside by the patio. We were advised by the receptionist to order the food by the window and they will bring the food to you. We followed what's advised stood by the window watching the bartender walking back and forth, took a good 10 mins for her to acknowledged us and said "can u guys go to the next window because I'm busy?!" So we kindly asked for at least a menu to looked at. Went to the next window stood there for another good 20mins. still not acknowledged, same bartender named (Lila?) came and asked have you been helped? We said, NO. Then she called out the other bartender and said "you didn't take care of them?" She absolutely don't wanna be there to WORK! I felt like she's being inconvenienced by us. Then, she commanded us to go back to the other window. I got so tired of her attitude and unprofessionalism that we decided to just not order anymore. Then she screamed at us and said "OK BYEEE!" with her eyes rolled up. 
This staff attitude was so discouraging and so ghetto!!!! People please stay away from this restaurant! As many great restaurants out there in the entire world of NOLA, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! This place have NO GOOD SERVICE AT ALL! Please read most of their Yelp reviews!Nice interior; decor is great.  Sit in the "reclining section" - this is a JUMBO television (probably 15 feet across) with two rows of reclining movie-style chairs in front.  They have built-in cupholders and if you're eating, they bring you a tray-table.  I had the chopped brisket poboy - this is essentially a french dip, but made with chopped brisket.  The au jus was nicely flavored, but the bowl it was served in was too narrow to dip the sandwich.  Huh.  I ended up pouring the au jus onto the sandwich and making a mess, but it was tasty.  My friend had the gumbo for starters which he said was "okay" and the cheeseburger, which was "not great."  strangely enough, the burger patty was square.  On a round bun.  Odd.  The fries were soggy and limp.  Service was not great, but I think that was our waiter - i was other wait staff hustling around but our waitress was VERY slow.  Comp valet parking, which is a plus in this area of town; enter from the BACK on the Fulton St entrance.  It was good enough that I'll give it another try in a month or so to see if they got the bugs worked out.I had an absolute blast here! The Blackhawks were playing and they played the big game on a giant screen. We got to sit in these awesome recliner seats and ordered some food and drinks. They serve your typical bar food. I recommend the Mac n Cheese pies. They were an amazing appetizer! And their burger was delicious! I would absolutely recommend this place to other people! Especially if you're looking to catch a game.We had heard that Mannings was overpriced, but my friends and I just wanted a burger and figured it couldn't be that much and I've almost never had a bad burger.  We went there because it was right outside our hotel and we didn't have much time to kill before heading to the airport.  Well, we were wrong... the burger was a ridiculous $14 and it was the worst burger I have ever had.  I asked for medium and it came out well done.  My friend asked for medium rare and hers was also well done.  It was dry and topped with one tomato and one piece of lettuce.  Two of the three had a large onion ring.  We couldn't figure out why the third one didn't get an onion ring?  There was only one burger available on the menu, so we all ordered the same thing.  It tasted like bread with some burnt stuff in the middle. 
Besides the crappy food, the service was horrible.  We were one of three tables in the restaurant (Peak lunchtime, btw. We should have taken that as a hint), but it took 30 minutes from the time we ordered our food to get the food.  I guess that explains why the burgers were all well done.  One of my friends ordered the red beans and sausage.  It had a star next to it for spicy, but she said it was pretty bland.  This restaurant is in New Orleans, for goodness sake.  They should know how to make some red beans and rice.  I also tried the mac and cheese which was subpar, to say the least.
If you want to watch a game and get a few drinks, I see how this place would be fun.  There are bigscreens everywhere.  I was pretty confused about the hostesses being in suits though, this was no white tablecloth restaurant.  It seemed a bit unnecessary, kind of like the price of the burger.  Strange music choices as well, hopefully during big games they have the TV volume up instead.
In short, I can't figure out if the burger was $14 because no one goes there, or if no one goes there because the burger is $14.  I definitely won't go back.  If a restaurant charges that much for a burger but can't make it edible, I have no desire to try anything else.  Good luck, Mannings.If you're looking for a classy, cool, modern place to watch a football game this is your place. 
Plenty of Tv's including a super cool out door venue with a huge projector screen
Food:
The Archie burger was very good, ordered it with a friend egg and the fries that came with were solid. 16 $ however was a bit PRICEY
Service: Our waitress spilled an entire coke on my friend and all over his iPhone. His phone isn't working right now because of water damage. She acted like it wasn't a big deal and gave a short "sorry" then didn't talk about it again. Also,  Took almost 20 minutes to take our order and our waitress was awful at refills and checking up on our table
Overall the food was probably 3.5 stars and the service was 2.5.
The food is filling but over priced.The quintessential Sports Bar and who could argue with the Theme--one of the best names in football!  
Food was great, the service even better.  Ryan Manning's Manager, Wendy the shift supervisor and Darin our server were outstanding.  
If you want to watch a game with friends, have s few drinks, desire great food and appreciate excellent service, Manning's is your place.I believe the Mannings need to stick to football.  10+ minutes to order a drink at the bar and no service on the patio.  Super loud coaches show.  Over 2 hour wait for a table and another hour for dinner-told it was a new menu-we ordered burgers!  Fries were cold and order was wrong.  They did bring out copious amounts of hot fries after complaining.  And to finish the meal, we had a round of tums.  When in Nola, enjoy the fine dining.  Do not waste your time or your patience at this place.Food over priced. The meat was extremely too tuff to chew. The setting is pretty cool that's what drew us in. Wouldn't go backHighly recommend to all my military friends when they visit the city have to stop in for a great time. One of the best bartender I've met that keep me coming back is Camille, she's awesome and very attentive to you even in a pack house. The food is also great for any LSU, Saints game or just hanging out. The area is safe for parking and very clean, but recommend coming early on a beautiful day to get great seating outside.This review is written more in sorrow than in anger.
Preamble
(If you follow my occasional posts, you know that I generally post positive reviews. I'm not a food critic, so I don't have any incentive to post about bad experiences. For that matter, I don't even have to be impartial. I have an agenda; I love my funky, spunky little city with all of it's restaurants, which tend to fall into one of two camps: bound by awesome tradition or quirky as all hell. And because this is New Orleans we tend to do both well. Also, I love to promote our legendary food culture.
But sometimes, after you've given a place several chances, you have to call a spade a spade and hope that improvements will be made by ownership, management, etc. So here goes...)
ACTUAL FOOD REVIEW
Ever notice how most negative reviews focus on bad service? The author will say something to the effect of "I waited, like, 45 minutes for bread" or "my server was clearly having a bad day." 
This is not one of those reviews. 
I don't give a rip about service. Service is secondary. I go out for the eats. And the eats is where Manning's drops the ball. To be fair, much of the problem has to do with expectations. (For the uninitiated, Manning's is named after the Manning family. Archie is the former quarterback of the New Orleans Saints and father of current QB's Eli and Peyton. Archie is a singularly beloved figure in a city full of beloved figures. I actually wear an Archie jersey on football days. The Manning name is respected across many segments of our balkanized, but tight-knit community. When the first ads for the new place began popping up around town, I was pretty excited.) I figured the Mannings know food. I actually sat next to the whole clan once at one of the city's deservedly lauded restaurants: Ruth's Chis, which originated here. I was only a fly on the wall that day. But you have to figure that if people have your taste in good food they'll create a place with good food. Right? Not exactly.
The problem is not the menu, which is actually kind of adventurous. It's the execution which misses the mark more than any of the family's QB's ever did. Example: I'm a salad lover. A salad is a simple test of a restaurant's image of itself. If you get a bowl of wilted, watery greens, then you know you're basically at a cafeteria. Here, the greens were not an issue. But when I ordered the Fried Green Tomato, Bacon, and Shrimp salad, for instance, things fell apart. Everyone loves bacon, and it's relatively easy to cook. So why did my bacon come out like hateful jerky? And why was the fried tomato more like something I'd find in the home cleaning aisle at the Home Depot? The slices were lifeless, rubbery, and coated with a material that reminded me of loofah. Not a good look, touch, or taste.
One time I ordered the nifty sounding Blackened and Bleu Grilled Chicken Romaine Salad. Like I said, I love a good salad. This was a to-go order to bring back to my office since I was short on time. But they forgot to the put the Grilled Chicken on this Grilled Chicken salad. So for $17 bucks, I got a box of greens, and another bad experience for my patronage.
The Red Beans and Rice Chili as well as the gumbo were both underwhelming. Special note: red beans and rice (not usually a chili) not to mention gumbo are two New Orleans staples. Like BBQ in Texas, sushi in LA, or clam chowder in Boston, if you screw this up, you're liable to have your license to operate yanked. 
I had a steak that was actually cooked and seasoned exactly right. But the meat was so gristly large portions of it could neither be cut nor chewed. This suggests the chefs purchased the lowest grade meat legally available.
The only foods I had that were above average were the double cut pork chop, and it was fine, the grilled fish: not outstanding, but one of the better preparations here, and the sweet potato skins that were a notch over TGI Fridays (the ones you get in-house, not in the supermarket freezer).
However, the gloopy banana pudding, which is sort of like one of the best desserts over at American Sector, was disgusting. The pecan pie was forgettable.
In glancing at other reviews, I've notice that few people love this place. This is a shame because the facility is centrally located and looks amazing. (With over a dozen large TVs on the walls, why wouldn't you want to watch a game here?) If I had to guess, I'd bet that Manning's is locked into it's current menu for a set amount of time, maybe a year, maybe two years. Hopefully, the establishment will think long and hard when it comes to time to adjust. The Manning name deserves a touchdown.Recently ate at Manning's twice during my stay in New Orleans due to it being connected to Harrahs. Both meals were decent, service was poor, hostess was rude and I didn't ever notice a manager in the restaurant. I would love to have given this place a better rating as the TV viewing is great, but that was the only positive thing.Waitress was attentive and friendly. Nachos are huge and delicious. Enough for 4 people. Ribeye wasn't very good. Oyster poboy was decent..i ate it out of the bread..too much bread. Kids tenders were good.Second time at Manning's and I will say that we are very disappointed! The service is terrible, food might be even worse! This place has so much potential, but for some reason they must not care about returning customers. I'll eat somewhere else and maybe come back just to watch a game and have a drink. McDonalds has better food!Sat in the stadium seats. Waiter never acknowledged us.  Had to go to the bar for drinks. Great concept terrible service.Try the just added to menu sliders u won't regret it. It's basically a variety of smaller versions of their pulled pork, and burgers. Best pulled pork I've had and don't get me started on the Archie Payton slider with pimento sauce. Whoever came up with this concoction is a culinary genius. Server could not have been sweeter and very informative on menu.This place has the weakest club sandwich I've ever had. They charge $11 for something that should cost $5 at the most... What a effing joke.Do not plan to watch a game watching here. Made a reservation for a birthday a week ago; talked to two staff members in advance and they still didn't allow us to hear the game.Horrible place. Dirty, bar is unkept. Had to flag a bartender for service. Restrooms nasty. Won't return EVER. 11:30 Saturday night and closing.Worst experience I have had a restaurant. Upon arrival we go to the host stand and say we have a party of 8 and the hostess laughs and my friend  says what's funny? she responds (in the rudest way) well parties of 8 can only have one check and it will be a long wait (like that matters to us). I work in a restaurant and would never do that to a large party walking in not only was it EXTREMELY rude but it seemed as if she was trying to get us not to eat there. So we decide to go to the bar because it's going to be "a long wait". I sit at the bar for at least five minutes chatting to the guy next to me with out being greeted so I decided to put my card and ID on the bar when she finally does come to greet me she barley says hello and just pushes my ID back to me and says I can't accept this. I'm from the state of California and am 24 years old and still have a vertical ID because my state does not issue me a new ID until it expires. They said they are not allowed to accept vertical IDs only horizontal. This is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous that none of us were able to order a drink. Horrible customer service and ABSOLUTELY ridiculous "law" about not being able to accept vertical IDs even if they are well over the legal drinking limit. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE.Very nice sports bar as far as appearance! But the food barely held up. The deviled eggs appetizer was delicious, but we had to place two orders because there was only 3 eggs for one order! The pulled pork was hard and the barbecue sauce was wayyy too sweet. Service was good. It was nice to try a new place but it's safe to say I won't be back there again!Eh...so my boyfriends parents had been talking about this place opening up for ages - and during our prior trip to nola, we'd been across the way and heard so much about the high expectations, and how great it will be...
My boyfriend wanted to walk over here from the Quarter on our last trip, to check out mannings...not being a fan of the area, I was hesitant to walk over, but with my boyfriend so eager to finally check it out, i obliged..
Sadly, it was pretty disappointing.  As he described, it was as though they were in a hurry to set it up, just threw some tables and tvs in there, with a half assed barren courtyard...one plus is that they have outdoor windows next to the bar, so you can sit outside or inside, but the drink list is pretty bare, and they were out of a vital ingredient for the one cocktail I'd wanted...ordered it anyway, but it was likely virgin (the raspberry iced tea, they were out of frozen raspberries), so after finishing our drinks we left...wouldn't return, I'd say they definitely need to class it up a bit, high expectations + famous family + tourist destination + high prices (for nola) = needs improvement.  Also our bartender was pretty horrible, after my boyfriend said he didnt want another drink, she still brought him another within a couple minutes, and he was too nice to send it back.I would say don't eat here just drink here except the drink prices are more expensive than Ernst right next door.  I wish I could say more positive about the food but just don't eat it!  I went to Ole Miss, I was in graduate school when Eli played for us, I grew up with Archie playing for the Saints.  I just think they need to start totally over with the menu.  The interior, patio and bar are a great places to watch a game and if just rating that this place is probably four stars but the food and drink prices really drop the ball here.Due to having complimentary meals from the casino I have eaten here several times in the past three years.  This is a sports bar with very mediocre food.  Nachos and burgers are good.  I can't say I have had anything else on the menu worth trying again.  If you can get a seat in Langston or Marigny's section you will have excellent service.  Everyone else is hit or miss.  If not for the comps I would go find better food elsewhere.Reading the reviews I was hesitant to try this place out with my group of friends.we walked in and was greeted by a extremely friendly hostess, Bridget or Brittany I think was her name. Our server greeted us right away, and being new to the city ourselves she recommended fun night spots to check out. The food came out quickly, considering how busy they were. The spinach dip and deviled eggs were a Knock out. I tried the Archie burger which had pork belly on top and it was out of this world! They have televisions everywhere and can even change one
Of the televisions on request. Mannings has a huge outdoor area with seating and a massive television outside. All of the bartenders were friendly and professional. All the staff was hard working and hilarious! Definitely will be back when I come to visit New Orleans again. I would give this place a try if you haven't yet.This was our second visit to Manning's, the first was right after it opened and it was.. just. okay.  Sadly, it's still.. just okay. I've never been a fan of a huge menu and that's something Manning's will never be accused of as it's menu is too small and boring. We ordered the mac and cheese pie appetizer and it might have been pretty good if it had been seasoned... a little salt would have been great and we didn't like the sauce that tasted like BBQ sauce mixed with ranch dressing.. eek. I had a hot sausage sandwich.. it was a sausage link in a ft. long hot dog bun with sweet pickle relish and mustard.. the thought of it still makes me shudder.  We live here so we know what NOLA has to offer and we won't be wasting our down time and money on Manning's.I would honestly write a negative review if I could. First off, we walk in the restaurant and told the hostess there would be eight of us and she laughed a little and I thought to myself whats funny, she said "it will be a 30 min wait" and I said okay. Then she was like "well you guys can only split it 3 ways" and ONCE AGAIN I said okay. Then we went to the bar and they were extremely rude and we overheard the bartender say "did the hostess really send them all up here" then REFUSED us service because we had vertical IDs. BTW in California we don't receive horizontal until it expires! Therefore proceeded to ask, "I am 24 are you really not going to serve us a drink" and even the manager was rude-- they could have all at least been nice about it. 
We used to come here when we go on vacation but we will not be going here again and I would 100% not recommend it to anyone else.Manning's has some of the best grits I've ever eaten and you bet your ever-expanding a$$ there's probably all kinds of heavy cream, butter and other very very bad things in there that make 'em taste so good. But hey, this is New Orleans, hardly a town known for reeling it in, y'know? How good? Better than Cochon- good, how's that for you? On par with Maurepas. Possibly better than Maurepas. DANGood!!! The best part about it is that there's jalapeños in there which makes it even better. 
I recently learned that there's a new chef in the kitchen and a new GM lording over the realm so this isn't the Mannings you used to know. I had a pretty amazing lunch here recently. There are vegetarian options via the apps and side dishes and our friendly server was all too accommodating to point them out to me, without even a hint of an eye roll. They are overall extremely nice and accommodating in here.
The menu offers up some Creole classics, along with what could be called "elevated tailgating food." Or as they say, "creative interpretations." This ain't TGIFs in other words. It's good stuff. We started with the fried eggplant app and it was perfectly crispy, with sweet eggplant underneath the tasty breading. Because we were going to town by sharing the mac & cheese and aforementioned insanely rich and delish grits, I opted for a side spinach salad.
Let's first address that by "side" figure on a portion that could be entree-sized, just saying. The spinach salad is perfect, chock full of baby spinach and dressed with balsamic vinaigrette. I'm not a mac & cheese person, but Manning's is just what you'd be looking for in a rich, comfort food casserole. The macaroni is firm and holds up to the massive amount of creamy cheese and thick crispy cheddar crust.  I had about two spoonfuls and was full. Ditto the grits. Rich rich rich. And that's what NOLA food is all about, isn't it?
Atmosphere: the TVs are INSANE. I'd come to any kind of viewing party they have going on and of course if you're a sports fan, do your game day here! This is a whole lot nicer than other sports bars in town. Drink prices are on point and it's all around comfy with loungey chairs in addition to bar stools and tables.
I dig immensely. Yep, it's true. Never thought I'd be saying this, but that's why sometimes you have to leave your (craft cocktail) comfort zone, right?Went for lunch here. Was hardly anyone in the place but it was on a Tuesday. Had an Archie burger and fries. Burger was good but not great and the fries were average. Best part of the place is the stadium seating with lounge chairs for watching the game. Don't know how difficult it would be to sit in them on game day though. I would say go here if you are a Manning fan. If not I wouldn't recommend just for the food.Absolutely awful service. Must be new management. Food quality was sub par. Pulled pork nachos were disgusting. Cold and undercooked. Our group of 7 tried to talk to manager. We were ignored and not served for the rest of the evening. Seriously stay away. Way better sports bars and food in the area.Went for game day this past weekend and had a great time. I have a weird drink I order and Bri the server was very helpful in making it happen. Ordered and Archie burger and all the flavor went well together.  One of the only places open early for the game. Will be back!Server was very informative. Food seemed to take longer than I should have since they weren't very busy. Food was good. Atmosphere good. Many TVs ladies restroom clean but men's wasn't very clean. Would go again.There are LOTS of video screens in this place. We came on for dinner and a few beers. It was showering outside and the waiter gave me a towel. 
The food was okay. I had the tuna burger. It was supposed to come with a weat bun, but  it turned out to be a ciabatta that fell apart. 
It'd probably come to this place to watch sports and eat elsewhere.This restaurant was absolutely fabulous as far as service and cleanliness is concerned. The hosted was engaging and attentive. Even though it was a busy day, we had a table earlier than she promised. The waitress was great on suggestions. The food took a while to get to the table, but this is expected due to business levels.. bathrooms cleanest I've seen in all of New Orleans. My boyfriend loved the memorabilia and beer menu. Happy new year to the Mannings and bravo on such a great experience.Good atmosphere. Tv's everywhere with a great layout. Food is not that great. I've dined twice and it seems like they ran out of seasoning both times. Idk. I'll just stick with drinking here.Service was excellent. Food was standard fare, but good. The best part of the bar (the only real reason for going back) was the outside tv.  Good amount of TVs inside for game watching if that's what you're looking for.Beware...the reclining seats are not free!
We had people in town from San Diego for the Chargers game and went to Mannings for some beers before the game. We came to the front and asked to be seated and the hostess told us to find an empty seat and we would be served. 
We found the recliners in the back of the restaurant and sat down. The waitress came 15 minutes later when we flagged her down and we ordered our beers. A couple of people got snacks too. 
Service was pretty much non existent here. We had to flag down the waitress like a 747 at the airport if we needed anything at all. When the bill came we were shocked to find that it was $250. Apparently the have an unadvertised completely hidden $25 recliner fee. Not one waitress mentioned this to us and we could not find it anywhere on the menu.
They luckily waived it for us and said next time you know. Ok lady, we are all in our Chargers gear we are obviously not regulars. 
They get 2 stars instead of one because they made it right but the service is so terrible here you might as well go somewhere else.This was the ideal place to catch a game, especially if you worship the Manning family as there are lots of memorabilia around the restaurant. Lots of TV's everywhere and the best part was the 2x2 screen with the reclining chairs, they were so comfortable. There were fold-able tables that could be placed in front of you so enjoy your meal while catching a game. The staff was very friendly and helpful in getting the channel changed to our game, definitely a plus!
If you aren't trying to catch a game here and grabbing a bite then good luck, I was not impressed. They offer crawfish for 2lbs for $15, Cajun style. This price is actually pretty good since it includes corn, potato as well. Some of the crawfish were a little overcooked as the meat was tough. I grabbed the po-boy which was extremely disappointing, even the fries weren't hot! The bread was dense and partially cold, not the typical po-boy bread where baguette is fluffy in the middle. The shrimp was at least fried pretty well. The gumbo wasn't any better when the rice WASN'T EVEN FULLY COOKED. It was still hard, pretty embarrassing.
Just stick to the drinks and sports here.Food is good, but endless wait for the food.
Best, you already order while you wait for a tableThe entire Manning's team did a wonderful job hosting our party of 37 people. We had some people in the private room and some in the comfortable recliners. Every few minutes someone came by to make sure we had everything we need. Each appetizer and sandwich we had was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a group of any size.Disappointed. I used to enjoy this spot. Drinking glasses were really spotty almost seamed like a film, silverware too. Good was ok. Not as special as it once was.Horrible food that came out cold and bland. Food was sent back and came out cold the second time.
Server seemed put out when we tried to order another beer.Great atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty drinks and good food for what it was, bar food. The deviled eggs with blue crab were deliciousThe pork nachos are watery and kinda gross but still edible. Come for happy hour as the drinks and appetizers are half priced!! Great sports bar and awesome outdoor area. Definitely a spot to hit if you're an Eli fan.A group of us had reservations at Mannings at the end of French Quarter Fest. They were very accommodating and courteous in all our interactions setting up the reservations and ensuring we would all be seated together. 
The customer service was outstanding for our entire experience- from the hostess, the wait staff etc. 
The decor is really funky and fun. There are large screen tv's within view of every seat. The best part is the GIANT screen with the recliners in the back of the restaurant. We didn't sit there but we checked it out, and thought it would be fun to sit there. Meals were served on tv trays- it was really cute!
The menu is varied but this is where Manning's lost points with me- it seems they can't decide whether to be a sports bar/restaurant or a fancy restaurant. Some of the food seemed too sophisticated for the atmosphere. Most of our group enjoyed their meal. The pulled pork poutine was enough to serve the whole table! I had the filet and it was wonderful, but lacking in sides. My husband had the chili but didn't care for it...it was a pulled pork chili and he said it just wasn't what one thinks of when you think of chili.
The restaurant is new, I'm sure they have to fine tune a few things, I'd like to see some simpler items on the menu to fit the sports bar atmosphere.Luv luv this place. Touchdown margaritas and bloody marys were wonderful. Very nice little server.The food I had was awesome but very pricey.  It was very clear the staff were not happy to be there. Service sucked! I wish I went somewhere else.Food was okay, the pulled pork was sandwich was not hot and the bbq sauce was very sweet. The deviled eggs was not your traditional tasting deviled eggs, an ingredient or two was missing. I'm thinking Relish was one. The staff was accommodating from the lady at the front desk to the bartender.  I will give them another try when I return, of course ordering something totally different.Seriously awful.  Whenever Manning's first opened, I could get over the awful service and over-priced food because the burger was actually really good...  The only thing that was ever actually good. I made a vow never to go back here after my mom and I went one night.  She got the burger because she knew it was normally pretty good and what comes out?? Two frozen patties that had been cooked together to give the illusion of one nice sized patty.  I got the grilled chicken sandwich because I'm thinking, "who could screw that up?"  Well, Manning's did.  If I wanted frozen meat for dinner, I would have just gone to Rouses and bought some Tyson chicken nuggets.  Anywho, there are no redeeming qualities. Service is horrible, food is clearly not prepared well, and prices are jacked up. The only reason they ever have a crowd is because of the Manning name.I was very impressed with the food here. I came in expecting it to be average bar food and I was wrong! The chef really takes pride in their work and is on top of things in the kitchen. The blackened fish po boy is delicious. The bartender, Piper, was awesome. She made sure we were taken care of. Definitely check this place out if you're by HarrahsIf my last name was Manning I would be disappointed regardless of whether or not I was part of that Manning family. Our party should have noticed it odd that a sports bar that was not packed during NCAA tourney was a bad sign. While the place itself was nice with good TVs and an interesting theater type area the good stops there. The food was literally some of the worst I have ever eaten. I couldn't even stomach a second bite of my French dip (which was recommended by the horrific wait staff) it was so bad. The nacho I am pretty sure had squeeze cheese on them. Safe to say I will not be returningFood is very bland and not appealing what al ever. First time at Manning's and defiantly going to be the last.The only good things about Manning's were the bartender and the NFL ticket. After being seated our service was terrible. When we asked for napkins for our meal we were given cocktail napkins. My burger was sent back and still not correct when returned. New Orleans is a food town. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere for food.Foods good for a sports bar. The Wild Caught Catfish Fingers was pretty good. Not fishy at all. The alligator sausage was not bad, we thought we had to try some since we in NOLA. The beignets were really good, warm and fluffy with candied pecans which is a little different. The gumbo was only OK. Service was not bad. Not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating.  Went during lunch and then went back for dinner too. Only thing is, it's the same menu.