Walking along maple street there are a bunch of cute little places to eat.  We stopped based on the menu and were glad we stayed!  While it isn't five star cuisine , it is like the home cooking I wish I could make.  It was within walking distance of the place we got from airBnB so it was perfect location-wise in uptown. If I lived in New Orleans it would be a regular for date night.Great food and service. Very accommodating of our large party on short notice. My only complaint would be the limited beer selection.Had a group lunch here a couple of months ago. Phenomenal! The owner was very pleasant and explained various items on the menu. Was also very willing to accommodate one in our group that is gluten free. The stuffed shrimp was so damn good! Stuffed with a type of seafood dressing and wrapped in phyllo dough...I can taste it now!!! Appetizers of mussels and hummus were great as well. Bread pudding is made in house so save some room.Bit of a Hidden Gem, this. The menu is inventive without being pretentious. The oysters deep-fried with almonds has a little vinegar to balance the richness. The shrimp in filo was delicate and wonderful. The crawfish sandwich in pita was great (we think they made the pita fresh, and that matters).
I had ordered the steamed mussels and thought it would be a bucket of bivalves with a little butter and garlic: perfectly fine but more food than we really needed. Their take on it was a reasonable amount of shellfish in a thin tomatoe sauce with red onion and, I'm sure, other things that i am not perceptive enough to identify. The end result was really good.
It's a lovely location and an elegant interior. The staff seemed eager for us to enjoy ourselves.Ok food, but over priced. T he very worst are the people that work there. We have eaten there maybe 6 times. When you arrive, there is no one to seat or greet you. They NEVER look happy, furthermore they seem to be irritated when you arrive. 
Pasta way over done and over priced. Would rater go somewhere that appreciates the business!!The ambiance was good but the service was horrible.  There is no one at the front so you have to go to the back to check in. There is no waiting area. There is no bar where you can sit.  You have to pass through the service area to get to the bathroom-- with a full view of the kitchen which looks quite dirty.
Oysters almondine were wonderful. Pasta was over-cooked. Sent it back. Overcooked again--- they have several pasta items on the menu so I hope someone looks up al dente soon.
Our server was cluelessI love this restaurant! The food is delicious.  It is very romantic. We sat at the table by the front window. The eggplant appetizer is my favorite. Everything is good. You can't go wrong with anything you order.Want to take a guest to a nice dinner out that you know will not disappoint even picky eaters? Take them here. This is not a "New Orleans"-ly "isn't-it-cute-that-they-are-all-like-cultural-and-stuff" restaurant. It is solid Mediterranean-influenced restaurant that even my parents, who are rather disenchanted with most restaurants liked. 
Overall:  I am torn between giving this restaurant a 4 or 5. If I could give them a 4.5, I would. Excellent service, very accommodating. The pricing is not $$$ per say It's more like $$ to $$$, depending on how you look at the place. Ambiance is good in the main building, but last time (which was admittedly a while ago) I was the side dining room, I really wished the decor had been better. The food is awesome and consistent.
The Service:  Excellent. The staff bends over backward to accommodate. Picky eater (by choice or not) in your party? Not a problem. Last minute reservation for 6+ party. They will do everything they can to help. I could ramble about the service all day.
$$ or $$$?:  This place looks like a $$ from the outside and some parts inside, tastes like a $$$ and can be cost efficient depending on what you order. I think this is the perfect place for a nice, low-key dinner. Last time I went with a large party (which was over a year ago), I was seated in the side dining room which lacked ambiance and looked very different from the main dining area. It took away from the overall experience only to make is an A instead on an A+. Every other time I've been in the main dining room. I hope that they have renovated or redecorated. It does seem like this place is stuck between a $$ and $$$ identity, which is not necessarily bad thing. I like knowing that if I'm just not feeling the big dinner, the menu will be friendly to that course of action while the table next to me can come in dressed to impress and have wine and a three course meal, feeling comfortable all the while. This sort of flexibility is effortless at Maple Street Cafe and is supported by the professionalism of the staff. 
The Food:  Great! The herb-infused butter is a great way to set the tone for the meal. I've had all the appetizers, and I enjoyed them all, especially the mussels. Remember that the price of appetizers' reflect in size, perfect for two or three light eaters. Order multiples for large groups.  The past and entrees are generous in portion, and they pack some great Mediterranean flavors. I have particularly enjoyed the Angel Hair Ziad as a tasty dish.Went here with my lil sis a few weeks ago. We shared some mussels to start with and they were very good. As for the main course, my crawfish pasta was alright but my sister's stuffed shrimp in phyllo dough was to die for. I'm pretty sure we'll be back just to order that again. I did also enjoy that they serve the bread with garlic-parsley butter with red pepper flakes in it.
Service was good and I only have good things to say about my server but I did notice one thing. The woman that seemed to be the manager didn't seem to have much regard for the servers. During our lunch, the mailman came to deliver some mail and this woman stood in the middle of the dining area on the stairs signing stuff when there was a server standing right behind her with what looked like hot soup. I would've expected anyone with consideration to move to the side to take care of business so her staff could do what they need to do, but maybe I'm butting in where it's not my business.Always was and still is excellent! Great service and great, great food. Veal Piccata! Soft shell crab over linguini with cream sauce! Is Julia Child in the kitchen?While visiting a friend in New Orleans, we stumbled across the Maple Street Cafe when looking for dinner. It was a little more expensive than we had expected, but also a lot tastier.  
The herb butter that came with the warm, toasted bread was a nice opening. The eggplant and shrimp tomato-based soup was pleasant and warming on a chilly day, but a little boring. The mussels in white wine and tomato were truly excellent. (We wouldn't let the waitress take the bowl until we'd spooned up every last bit of sauce!)
We both had specials for entrees: deep-fried soft-shell crab on linguine alfredo and lamb chops in a mint glaze with a generous selection of veggies and potatoes. My husband loved his crab and pasta although it was a bit too rich for me. We both loved my lamb. I ordered it medium rare... and it was! 
We had the white chocolate bread budding for dessert, which we both enjoyed. It really did taste like white chocolate thanks to the warm white-chocolate sauce in which it swam. We were also pleased at the tea selection, especially for such a coffee town. Portions were ample across the board.
The ambiance was lovely, and our server was friendly and helpful, if a bit quirky. The music choice -- I noticed Metallica at one point -- seemed a little at odds with the casually elegant look they seemed to be going for, but it was quiet enough that I mostly didn't notice it. The place was pretty empty, which was handy for us in not having to wait for a table, but strange given how good the food was. 
The next time we're in town, we'll happily return, especially since the mostly Italian-influenced menu gives the tourist a welcome break from the oysters, gumbo, and BBQ shrimp one enjoys elsewhere in NOLA.I have had great experiences here on multiple occasions! I don't understand the poor reviews. 
The oysters almondine are amazing- a bit heavy, savory, juicy. yum!
Chicken lemon is tangy, rich, delicious!
Chicken parmesan (my favorite dish) passes my test
(can you tell that I like fried food?)
The angel hair ziad (pasta with shrimp, sundried tomato, and mushrooms) was a great dish
Chicken rouba (Chicken stuffed with ham, artichoke, and cheese) is a creative dish with complex flavors that melt together deliciously.
I have come here many times with different groups of people each time, and the only problem anyone has had was that their gumbo was cold on one visit, but this was quickly dealt with by our server. 
The service has always been great, the space is cute, the drinks have always been delicious, the price is right. Check it out!First of all, I'm not from New Orleans and I was glad I found a place, such as this cafe, that wasn't packed with other tourists. This place was recommended to me by a student at Loyola and it was amazing. I had the chicken lemon, which was served with Alfredo pasta and had to have been the most tender and delicious chicken I have ever had. My mom got one of the day's specials which was a salad with grilled shrimp and fresh fruit-- she loved it. The bread they served us before our meals was great too and came with an herb butter. The service was awesome as well, our waitress was a sweetheart. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to get out of the tourists filled streets for a quiet lunch.Had the pleasure of eating here last week with my wife, her brother and his friend. The staff was welcoming and professional, the lunch menu was varied and interesting and our meals were all excellent. I had the grilled fish special. It was yummy. I will definitely return. Oh...great Manhattan too!The food and service was excellent. This was the second time celebrating a birthday dinner here and the food was delicious. Everyone was pleased with what they had and the white chocolate bread pudding was also amazing!! Cute cafe feel....will be back for sure.First words out of the waitress's mouth was "you're reservation was 9:00, it's now 9:20. , along with a look of disdain. Interestingly enough not one table was occupied in the entire restaurant.  I have never felt so uncomfortably rushed in a restaurant before.  A smile and a welcome at anytime throughout the entire dinner would have made all of the difference in the world.  Unfortunately the rush to get the order in before the kitchen closed overtook any sense of civility and humanity, and it all went downhill from there.This was the worst service I have ever received. We asked for bourbon on the rocks, got a half shot of bourbon, watered down then added ice. Then we spent the majority of our dinner listening to the staff gossip right behind us in the hallway. If we asked for something, we would get rude responses. I will not be coming to this restaurant again and will be sure to tell all family and friends about this experience.Very good, Uptown eatery. Quaint atmosphere, excellent service. In a city filled with great food, I will always come back to Maple Street.This is not fine dining, but for a lazy Sunday lunch, it's hard to beat Maple Street Cafe. The food is ok and the prices won't break the wallet.Loved the food here! It was absolutely amazing!! Just know, though, if you are bringing a 10 month old baby/toddler, probably not the most practical. I asked for a teeny tiny small dish of linguini pasta or something gripable for her. It wound up costing us $8+ dollars. Not expecting that all. Usually restaraunts don't even charge us for this request. Other than that, very smooth and traquil atmosphere!I come here with our business vendors for lunch when they visit. It is a quaint, medium sized place that your parents or grandparents would like. I'm always interested in their daily specials and that is what I'll usually order. Sometimes we come on Mondays and their red beans and rice with sausage is really good. I also like their salads but sometimes I feel that it is just lettuce on a plate with meat/fish on top. I would like to see some more vegetable variety in their salads. And speaking of green leafy things, I like that if you order ice tea, they garnish it with some mint leaves. It makes the drink more refreshing.Came here with a couple friends and had a splendid time. I ordered the shrimp and eggplant soup and crawfish sandwich. Food was unbelievable, service was up to par. Maple street cafe is a prime place for some local cuisine and good vibes.Great service and a nice little spot to have some good Italian food. Under priced, eat away!BLUF:  Cute little locals' spot.  Nice staff.  Good menu with quality food.
Went here for lunch with work people.  Not many people there so there was no wait.  The menu had a lot to choose from; everything from large complex entrees to simple sandwiches.  
I got a crawfish pita and it was surprisingly very very good.  The pita was light and not over bready.  The crawfish were good and the feta really made it all pop.  It was  good choice.  
Everyone's food looked great but I didnt get to try it cuz that would have been weird.  They have lots of interesting things to choose from.  I'd def go back for a more upscale but not too upscale, classy lunch or dinner.Delicious lunch! Enjoyed the shrimp in phyllo pastry.  My husband had veal, which he enjoyed also. Good service, hot bread beforehand, and excellent service. Clean attractive restaurant.I see other reviews and I guess Novio and I just went on a good day. I went two days straight because I loved it so much! I went with my family first and we didn't order appetizers. We ordered the special of the day softshell crab over linguini with crawfish sauce! They broughy us in some delicious bread first and then came our entree. Dad is allergic to shellfish so he orderes the lemon chicken with alfredo pasta. He loved it but was drooling over my crab!!! Mom ordered a sinole eggplant pene and my brother ordered the maple special or something od the sort which was alfredo pasta with crawfish. Yes I know, all pasta. It was absolutely delicious though and we orderes cheesecake and keylime pie for dessert (they were all out of Baklava). The next day my family was on a plane back to Puerto Rico and so I took Novios lovely family there. We orderes some shrimp appetizers oh my goodness it eas delicious!!! I ordered the same thing because it was so nice I ordered it twice. Novios mom and grandmom ordered it too and decided to split it (bonus points to the chef for seperaring it into two smaller plates) Novios Dad ordered the redfish fillet a very healthy hearty dish. My one mistake though was ordering the baklava thinking that since it ran out the first day it must be to die for, wrong. Not great baklava kinda soggy, i didnt finish the dish. Excellent small little local place, everything is great even the service and PARKING LOT!!!I hadn't been to Maple Street Cafe in years when we went last month. And I'm not really sure why.  It has solid mediterranean influenced dishes. The wait staff is good and very friendly.  The cocktails are tasty. And the chef is very accommodating of  special requests, including serving a young family member noodles with butter with a side of crawfish tails.
+1 star for accommodating all the special orders at our table of 7 & delivering on them.
It can get loud and don't expect super formal service, but it is a solid neighborhood restaurant (especially for the older set).I ordered the Penne Caruso
The sauce was delicious! And the pasta was cooked perfectly!
I will definitely come here again :)Wow! Wow! Wow! Great prices and delicious food. Get the pork chop. It was to die for. The sauce was sweet and savory and they give you plenty of it. The veggies and potatoes are also delicious. The meat is cooked to perfection! Can't wait to go back!Surprised at how excellent the meal was last night. Their version of Caprese salad was best I've ever had. Duck breast was very tender with a delicious crust and the blackberry sauce complements the savory flavor perfectly. Priced affordability. I can't wait to return.Made an unplanned visit here. Service was great. Place was simple and seemed unpretentious for a "café" on Maple its was very nice and reasonably priced. The service was much better than some high end places. I will come back and try the rest of their menu.Maple Street Cafe is just good, not great. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone looking for the best meal in the entire city, but I can imagine, if I lived closer, stopping in every now and then for an easy, affordable dinner with family and friends. My last visit was with coworker's for a team lunch and it had a very local vibe. There were several familiar faces, which is always nice. 
The food was decent, not stellar. I enjoyed the eggplant sandwich on pita, but some bites were rather salty. It might have just been the feta cheese though. My coworker enjoyed her burger, but others said the chicken sandwich was dry. The fries were nothing special. If I went again, I would probably go with the specialty salad. It looked fresh and crisp with sizable blackened shrimp. 
The service could use some improvement. More than one order was mixed up. And it's always annoying when a restaurant charges for soda water that's on the fountain. But our server was friendly and attentive.Because this was my first time here I didn't really know what to expect. My little gal pal eats here fairly often so she made suggestions. I'm a savory kinda girl & ordered Sunny in Holland. My little friend ordered peanut butter, chocolate & praline waffle & substituted( for an extra charge) pralines for strawberries.She loved it & ate every bit.
 Sunny in Holland was good, altho the "hollandaise" sauce was too salty & not lemony. I doubt that I order it again.
 Having said that, the next time she  & I want a girl's morning out, I bet we come here to eat. They make glutton free waffles,a DEFINATE plus for us.
  I also like this place coz they have more on the menu than just waffles; regular breakfast food( eggs, meats,biscuits ...) & PIZZA !  I'm going back for pizza for sure !!!
 For those of you unsure about Waffles on Maple, give it a try. It may become your favorite place !Absolutely amazing food!!! We came as a group of 5 and each of us ordered a different dish and loved them all. I ordered the mushroom angel hair pasta, which was super tasty; my fiance ordered the chicken, which was incredibly tender. Our server, Amanda, was so professional and friendly...I spilled my drink and she went and got a replacement without my even asking. I have been to NOLA 7 times and I think this is my new favorite restaurant. A really great experience all around!!Had a great dinner last night. Food, service, atmosphere, and wine were good. Too bad my date was terrible.Horrible!!!  The eggplant dip and humus were bad and had to be sent back.  The French onion soup had no cheese. Never again.Went here on a few occasions, and it's very good food with a New-Orleans twist (read: heavy). I haven't been for breakfast or lunch, but for dinner it's somewhat upscale, rather than a cafe. The fried oysters were absolutely drenched in butter in the BEST way possible and sprinkled with crushed almond. The redfish florentine was good, but the winning entree was definitely the portobello fillet mignon which we ordered cooked to the chef's liking.I ADORE this place! GREAT service, DELICIOUS food, and a BEAUTIFUL atmosphere...who could ask for more?! The staff greets everyone with a warm and friendly "hello" and they always remember my beverage of choice - The lemonade.
I usually stick to the same item once I find one I love, which with establishment is the Caesar salad with grilled chicken in a bread bowl.... yummy.
I highly recommend this place if your looking for a nice place for a lunch date!This is a solidly consistent place to grab some good food.  I rotate in here probably once every two years or so, as it usually isn't at the top of my list of places to go with all the other great options in the area, but I've brought a few out of town folks here when other places were super crowded and it has always been easy to access.  The service has always been pleasant and the interior space is much nicer than you might think from just driving past and looking at the exterior.  I've never had anything that disappointed me here but I've also never had anything that excited me either so this place is definitely a solid three star A-Ok in my book with potential to reach higher.The Maple Street Cafe is a pretty small restaurant on (obviously) Maple Street. It has outdoor seating, which is nice when the weather is good.
Service can be a little slow here. I've been before at dinner when they only had one waitress on shift and one busboy. 
One of the standouts about the restaurant is the herb butter that comes with the warm bread. The bread is always hot and the butter is mouth-watering in my opinion. The herbs really add something extra to the butter.
I usually get the ravioli (only on the lunch menu but you can upgrade for dinner), and they are really good and come in a light sauce. 
The fresh mozzarella and tomato salad is always a good choice.Best meal I had my whole trip! The food and service are great. Vegetarian friendly too. The grilled eggplant sandwich was amazing. They also have a pita and hummus appetizer which we didn't get, but the table next to us did and it was huge and looked absolutely delicious. I'll be back next time I visit!
As a side note, my group came for lunch and the $$$ that yelp currently lists is very inaccurate. This is not an expensive cafe and my whole meal cost about $11. 4 people with an entree each and an app came out to less than $60.Five stars for the broccoli alone. The best broccoli ever. 
I ordered the pork chop. It's served with a honey-ginger sauce. Honey and ginger together kind of taste like tomato soup. Who would have guessed. Maybe they should try serving a pork chop with tomato soup, or a roasted pepper soup. 
It's funny how flavor combinations sometimes taste like something else. Rhubarb and apple tastes like blueberry. Grapefruit and poppy seed tastes like guava. 
Interesting artwork on the walls. The story of the artist who created them is even more interesting.Eating an early lunch, eggplant cake, salmon florentine, grilled chicken salad.
So far bread hot with dill butter, eggplant very good but could easy on cream sauce.
Grilled chicken salad was hugh.. Enough for 2 people rather than a side...everything seemed to be fresh. Salmon was also a large portion grilled and seasoned well.I've been coming here since it opened and find it to be consistently excellent. In the past I've never had a complaint- love their lemon chicken and their soft shell crab is usually super. On a recent visit the soft shell was very small but still delicious. The irritation was our waitress seeming to rush us through. We arrived at 7:00 to dine with friends and were out by 8:30 and felt rushed by her. It was the first time in more that 20 years I've not enjoyed every aspect- she needs to slow down and understand that people enjoy leisurely dining on a Saturday night.So I'm a little late writing this.
My friends and I went to Maple Street Cafe after the Po-Boy Fest on Oak street as they always run out of food there.  One friend was a regular customer and was quickly welcomed in by his usual server.  The owner also came out to say hello and check on our food.  The other 3 of us were there for the first time, but it wont be my last.
We ordered several bottles of wine off the list, all very reasonable ($36 for a bottle of La Crema Pinot Nior).  I started with the the stuffed shrimp in phyllo dough.  It was one of the best things I have ever eaten, very crispy and the sauce was just right.  For entree I had the special veal osso bucco.  It was a large portion, and the meat was so tender and juicy.  Not usually a fan of the marrow, I had to this time.  Everyone else at the table was also very satisfied.  We managed to share a couple of desserts but by that point I was in a food coma.
The place is small and frequented by a nice neighborhood clientele.  The service is very good and treat their regulars very well.  Another spot that I will have to go back to soon.  I'm unsure exactly how much the bill was due as my friend treated us that evening; I'm sure it wasn't cheap.We were looking for a place to grab dinner and chose this one, the dining room was full so we chose to sit on the patio. DON'T DO IT. Midway through our appetizer a giant possum snuck up directly underneath my dates chair and stood there until scurrying away when my date shifted after I told her about it. The waiter gave us a table inside but was not very sympathetic and we did not get a discount or anything. Food was decent, service was decent, just avoid the patio at all costs.As the star above says, Eek! Maple Street was tres desgutante. The service was slow and my pasta was swimming in so much oil that I could not eat it. There are so many better places around.Eggplant cake is delish. My wife says it's the best thing she ever tasted. Creamy crab sauce over fried eggplant cake. Well worth the visit.
Wifey also had a good grilled chicken salad. Tasty. I had a chicken pita. Very nice, light, good flavors; tabbouleh was nice and not overpowering; the grilled chicken had a good grilled flavor; pita was light and a perfect complement to the chicken and tabbouleh. 
Had an iffy waiter who knew nothing about the menu and kept wiping the bar down with with stinky spray cleaner, but that could not spoil the experience. 
Aside from him the atmosphere is warm and inviting.I'm not sure about it because I never went. I called to ask a few questions and they were terse and seemed annoyed. It's ok, plenty of other places to go.Nice small restaurant on Maple Street. Solid food, but the menu hasn't changed in 10 years. Specials can be interesting. Had a Gouda stuffed peppercorn crusted filet - sounded great, but the execution wasn't superb. Asked for medium, got rare (red and almost cold in middle).  Sent it back for more cookin and was better when it came back, but still a little on the rare side. Very little stuffing, and Gouda is so benign tasting that the sauce completely overshadowed the stuffing. Vegetables were steamed and unimaginable. The potato cake, however, was divine. Not sure how it was made, but wowza!  Nice selection of reasonably priced wine by the glass. I've had the pastas in the past and they've been are a much better choice. Specials tend to be pricey, but the rest of the menu is reasonable for what you get.   Maybe I'll have a pasta next time, so I can give them four stars. If you're on Maple Street (lots of bars; few good restaurants), this is a solid pick.Happened upon this place for a random lunch while wandering through the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised- enjoyed the crawfish sandwich and eggplant cake. Decent salad as well and very attentive service.From the moment I stepped in, I was greeted by such a wonderful staff. The food was absolutely amazing from the appetizer, to the tomato salad, to the entree.  There was so much food that we did not have room for dessert.  We will definitely be back again.Love this place!
I have tried their Mushroom Soup, Angel Hair pasta & three wild mushrooms, and another Angel Hair pasta dish whose name I forgot. All of these were super yummy and big enough portions for the hungry ones among us. I also love the herb butter they serve with the bread, so delicious.
I love the interior design of the place. The front part is sort of like a winter garden and it is a bit lower than the rest of the restaurant. It is all very pretty and cute. Small tables, ideal for dates.
The waitress was very nice and joked around with us. And the service was very quick, too.
Will definitely come back here!Hello Yelp Peeps, This is Laura, Mike's wife. We just got back from having what was supposed to be a romantic dinner at Maple Street Cafe. When we walked in the crowd was certainly an older one. No matter, we sat and ordered, I a wonderful sounding chicken dish and Mike a veal. When they arrived the best description can be given with one word, Stouffers. Both of our meals came with the same weird brown gravy and boiled veggies including two kinds of potatoes, skinned and augratin, all flavorless. The kicker was when I realized that my chicken was covered in canned mushrooms and stuffed with lunch meat referred to on the menu as "prosciutto." I don't recommend and won't ever return to this weird geriatric cafeteria.One of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. and my nieces favorite hands down. My sister and I usually split the chicken lemon. It comes with fettuccine Alfredo and easily feeds us both. They are so gracious and happily split the entree for us. Our only request is no nutmeg in the fettuccine. It's personal preference, we just don't like nutmeg and can taste it no matter how small of an amount is added. Again they happily make the change. 
Admittedly this is what we almost always order so we can't speak to many other menu items. However members of our family really enjoy the red fish special, lamb chop special and the stuffed shrimp appetizer. Ohhhh and their hot bread with herb butter is amazing!!!!!! They also make a mean cosmo and the waitresses are always so helpful. For the quality and amount of food you get m, their prices are fantastic. You'd pay more getting a mediocre meal at a chain restaurant with mediocre service. Don't settle for that. Go to Maple street Cafe!! It's fantastic.very cute, friendly atmosphere, family-owned and operated business. I had the best zucchini and squash there--it was amazing. The bread they bring hot from the oven was fabulous as well, served with herbed butter. (I would have grabbed a photo of it, but it was, um, gone before I realized!) Lots of happy faces.Oysters almandine a must! (Appetizer). Florentine salmon with spinach and other veggies and carbs very well flavored and prepared the way requested. Wonderful and fun area to visit while in New Orleans.   I say Yes!Wow, I can't believe no one has gushed about this restaurant yet. It is entirely underrated but a favorite among locals in the know. This cozy, clean house transformed into eatery has mouth-watering crawfish pasta I am craving now. Everytime I have gone here, my stomach is always satisfied and smiling. Maple Street Cafe surpasses Jamilla's down the street by millions of miles.Cute, Quaint, Gourmet, Romantic
The above title clearly defines this place. What immediately struck me is that this is where you take your special person to dine. It's located in an old New Orleans residential-like neighborhood with different shops and restaurants along the main route. Reviews have this establishment highly rated, and that's one reason why I came. I chose the pork chop dinner since this is what the local food critic talked about on one occasion on his weekly radio show. But there are many other appetizing plates to choose from, such as the seafood offerings. The pork chop was a thick-cut, bone-in, topped with demi glace sauce and sides of vegetables which included quartered grilled potatoes, purple braised cabbage cooked in red wine, sliced turnips and broccoli spears. The cabbage was my favorite among the vegetables, though I enjoyed all of them. The pork chop was good, but that kind of meat is a bit dry, and I would have rather chosen another of the main entrees after the fact. This type meat need not be cooked well done, but served medium well- to a bit rare.This is a keeper for us. It's in our neighborhood. So easy to get to. Service was great. Owner on site. Food delicious.This was during our trip to the big easy in july 2018 ( can't believe I'm that far behind) anyway since I had been to n.o (in the early 80s) and my wife had never been I decided that it was all about this superb city and revelling in it's aura. For my wife it was all about the food and the different styles and tastes. We took one of the food tours called big easy food tours and this was one of the places we went. The fact that this hillarious local reccomended it was good for me. It's a quaint little place with a non new orleans vibe. What I mean by that I'm not real sure but it felt like it could be in anywhere USA. Once the food arrived there was a huge Big Easy hug. Food to die for with just enough flavoring to make you sit up and say hello new orleans. We didn't stay a really long time (tour) and we didn't have time to visit again but when I ger back I know where I'm going first.Their filet was phenomenal with the balsamic glaze and mushrooms, and at a good price too!! Only complaint was the bread was super hard, but the butter was good! Will definitely be back!Ambience - perfect. Classy casual is a very accurate description
Food - decent
Service - adequate
Price - a tad bit overpriced
I was in the East Carrollton neighborhood with a few classmates last week and they wanted to take a break at Starbucks.... While I wasn't too pleased with their choice considering all the local places they could've chosen to get coffee, I acquiesced. When the time to choose a lunch venue arose, I was feeling pretty open minded. Because Maple Street Cafe was nearby, they opted to go here. I went with the flow. 
They served bread as an appetizer with green onion and other yummy tidbits mixed into the butter. If you know me, you know I love bread. That was a win in my book. While it wouldn't be my first choice with other favorite local places nearby, I can say my Veal Piccata cured my hunger. The capers were a nice burst of flavor, and the sauce wasn't too heavy. After asking about the vegetable selection and being informed of the "zucchini, squash medley," I asked if there were any vegetables that I could substitute with. After hearing carrots as an option, I chose carrots. An unpleasant surprise was seeing the variety of veggies that I deem inedible that arrived with my 4 carrots. This was my main complaint. If you let me select my vegetable preference, why would you just lump other unidentifiable vegetables onto my plate? 
Worth a shot if you're curious. Perhaps their specials are more impressive?Great food and great atmosphere. Very lovely staff and probably the best resturant on Maple Street! Much better than Chais DelechaiseI've passed this place up so many times. I have been missing out! We had the loveliest waitress tonight. The food was amazing. I had one of the specials, fish covered in oyster dressing with vegetables and a potato cake. I was not excited about that potato cake, but I was sooooo wrong. That potato cake was delicious. I can't even explain the different textures and flavors in what I expected to be such a basic side. My 6 year old had fried shrimp. Everything was beyond delicious. She is super picky and almost cleared her plate. We can't wait to return.I tried this place via the Diner Dash app. FYI: Diner Dash is great. Compared to UberEATS and Waitr, this one is the best in my opinion. The food is always hot and delivered fast. 
Anyway, I ordered the Angel Hair & Three Wild Mushroom pasta and my friend ordered the Eggplant & Shrimp soup. 
The pasta was pretty good. I am a mushroom fanatic, and they put a good heaping of mushrooms in it. The pasta, itself, was nicely cooked. The sauce had a distinct taste--I could definitely taste either mushroom "juice" or as if the mushrooms had been really cooked into it. The pasta did have a weird aftertaste after each bite, but that could have been the generous amount of different mushrooms in it. 
As for the soup, my friend said it was "okay." It appears to be a tomato-based soup. There was only one shrimp in it. I did not see much eggplant, but I guess that is sufficient for a $6 soup. 
Overall, the food was a 7/10.Great service and fun atmosphere since it's BYOB. Good Mediterranean but not the best in New Orleans. 
Great neighborhood feel and always a fun place to take guest in town.This is a good neighborhood restaurant. The owner and staff are welcoming and attentive. Kids love the Chicken Lemon and I usually get the fish special, Fried Soft Shell Crab over Pasta, or the Steak.Lunch on Monday...Steamed Mussels with White wine and tomato prepared to my requests.  Delicious! As an afterthought, I ordered Angel Hair with Mushrooms. Wonderful earthy flavor with intense mushroom flavors.  So filling I bagged half to go home.  How I adapted leftover next day is my secret.Classy but no stuffy cafe with good food and a decent wine list.Wow what a delightful meal. Mussels came in A spicy tomato broth with peppers, delightful.  Then veal piccata, tender, piquant, with terrific side vegetables.  Husband declared his oysters amandine the best meal he'd ever eaten. Our server was great; real, friendly, attentive.  Just a delightful small restaurant 
[update] - Another great meal!  MSC is 2 for 2.  Really one of the very best restaurants in NOLA.Before Covid-19 we would have dinner at Maple Street Cafe several times a year.  Always consistently good with friendly and efficient service. 
Since Covid - we have done pick up and delivery.  
Saturday night for the first time, instead of our regular order for two, close friends came over for dinner.  
Still socially distant, we had drinks and ordered delivery directly from the restaurant. 
Dinner came in about 45 minutes.  
2 Lemon Chicken with Pasta , 2 redfish with crabmeat, veges and roasted potatoes. And their delicious bread and butter.  
The  breaded and sautéed chicken was tender and delicious.  Pasta perfect.  The fish was tasty, fresh vegetables and the potatoes perfectly cooked. 
And everything hot! 
A+.  Congratulations to Maple Street Cafe for serving our community so well.  We will dine in when we are ready to dine in public.  Not yet but until then, delivery or pick up will be just fine.First of all this place was AMAZING!!! 
Service: Awesome!!!
Food: AM
That filet mignonette I will be having dreams about.In town for the evening only and a meeting at Tulane University. Maple Street was in the area and had high marks on Yelp! - so gave it a whirl. 
Really nice spot! Cozy feel to the place with seating in the front - a limited front outdoor area, and some tables in the back which, I assume, would accommodate some small groups. Our server - Missy - did a great job during the meal. I was here with a friend and we didn't have a LOT of time, so we tried to make the most of it. 
We had a drink from bar to start out - Boulevardier - which was a new one for them but, after I showed them the recipe - they ended up making a pretty decent one - not bad for a first try!
As an appetizer, we ordered the "Oysters Almandine" - and they were DELICIOUS. Perfectly fried, crispy, not oily, served at just the right temperature. The almandine sauce was wonderful and we were soaking up all the excess with french bread when the oysters ran out. 
For my entree I ordered the Angel Hair Pasta with three mushrooms and had them add some blackened Salmon to the mix - which they were happy to do. It was very nicely done and the winning aspect of it - for me - was the broth (instead of a thick sauce) in which the noodles rested. It was terrific and really "made" the dish, for me. 
My friend had the Chicken Robah - which I tasted. The chicken breast had a kind of crust but I don't think it was deep fried. It was tender and moist - and the Marsala sauce on that was delightful. If I make it back here - I will be ordering that, I'm pretty sure. 
We both commented that the sauces - the Almandine, the Marsala, and the broth for the pasta dish were exceptional and would be great to order extra - on the side - as a dipping sauce selection for bread! 
All in all - a great experience. Highly recommended.The food today was delicious, and the service was excellent. We had the veal nora and the softshell crab over linguine with crawfish sauce. Yum!I haven't been here in years but was talked into it today by a friend who's particularly fond of Lebanese cuisine. While there is a lot of such offerings, it's not all Middle Eastern. I remember years ago having gotten the fried oyster Caesar salad and, even though it wasn't on the menu, the owner assured us that it is available whenever we wanted. And it was delicious! Environment is quiet, clean, and organized, and the staff is friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. Can easily become your new favorite place for lunch and dinner.Everything was excellent! The food is exquisite , the place is lovely and the staff is very attentive and friendly! I had the soft shell crab on top of angel hair pasta, it was delicious and very filling. My husband had the Red Fish and he loved the sauce. We had stuffed shrimp as appetizer and that was my favorite! It comes with a delicious and unique sauce! We will definitely go back. Thumbs up for this uptown gem!Wow what a delightful meal. Mussels came in A spicy tomato broth with peppers, delightful.  Then veal piccata, tender, piquant, with terrific side vegetables.  Husband declared his oysters amandine the best meal he'd ever eaten. Our server was great; real, friendly, attentive.  Just a delightful small restaurant.Disappointed. I ordered Sui Sui and received​ penne swimming in red sauce. I threw it away.
The menu states garlic, olive oil, parm, basil, and FRESH tomatoes. I expected​ a light olive oil sauce with garlic, basil, cheese, and some pieces​ of​ fresh tomatoes, it was basically​ a marinara, looked and tasted like canned tomatoes.
The menu needs to be more clearly written. Huge waste of money and time.What a hidden little gem. Our second time eating here and it was amazingly delicious both times.  Wait staff is awesome.  It's a must stop and eat place.   Casual not fluffy but the food is gourmet delicioso!!