Thought everything here was outstanding - by far the best meal I've had in NOLA.
We started with the grilled artichokes which were fabulous.  Next we had the mista salad which had eggplant croutons.  I will now always want eggplant croutons on every salad.  Fried brussel sprouts, eggplant Palermo, Italian wine flight - everything was superb.
We ate at the bar as the restaurant was fully booked.  The servers were friendly, gracious, and helpful.  The restaurant wasn't too loud which allowed for pleasant conversations with neighbors at the bar.
So to summarize, wonderful food, great wines, gracious service allowing guests to linger made for a memorable evening.  Do not hesitate to come to this restaurant.We are from Florida so we are used to good seafood. We were craving some good Italian food and found this place based on reviews. It didn't disappoint. We started off with the mussels which had so much flavor with a little bit of a quick. We split a Caesar that was not over powerful with the dressing. The entrees were phenomenal. I ordered the Spaghetti which was flavorful, generous in proportion, and rich. The tomato wasn't overcompensating so it had a lot of flavors you could taste. My boyfriend ordered the scallops. These were astounding with a clean and smooth texture, delicious buttered, and dec"ious. The tiramisu was the best I've had.FOOD:  I had the Marsala Pork Cheek and my partner had the  Pollo Arrostito. Both were amazing. We don't normally order chicken dishes, but glad we did this time. It was one of the best chicken dishes we have ever had (not exaggerating). The Pork Cheek was incredibly tender, fell apart when using my fork to cut. And the Marsala sauce was the best I have had--so flavorful. The Brussel sprouts were very good as well (had too many loose leafs for my taste, but they were still good). 
SERVICE:  Great service, always had everything we needed. I expressed concern that I wouldn't have enough Marsala sauce, since I altered the dish by substituting Angel hair pasta for the polenta, and the waitress brought out a little dish of sauce (without me asking). The sommelier had great suggestions, giving us several bottles to choose from. 
Overall, very pleased with our experience and would definitely recommend to others.Awesome food, Service, &  ambience!!!  Be sure and order several dishes to share!!! The Charcuterie  board is enough for the whole table!! I recommend several antipasti  and then share all the desserts!!Stumbled upon this gem. At the next door restaurant but craving Italian for a celebratory meal. Not a great deal of Italian places in the big easy,esp French Quarter. Staff was incredible in getting ressie- non available through open table. 
Table in front of kitchen. Owners adolescent son dressed to kill in 3 piece suit was helping watch the back line. So impressive. Staff was attentive. Food was excellent. Tasty sauces seasoned right. We asked for Tabasco( which they didn't have) but didn't need it. The marinara was spiced well. 
DH had veal parm, son had salmon and I had veal Palermo. Delicious . Just what we'd had been craving. Portions nice not supper huge. Enjoyed the aracini- large family size portion to share. The Cesar salad was good too. Got free cannoli for our 18th wedding anniversary. Yummy! 
Will be back next time we are in NOLA!!I loved this place and would have given it 5 stars except the entrance area was under construction with Mardi Gras preparation. Eggplant Palermo was so yummy that my mouth is still watering a day later. Fun because you can also pick your own bottle of wine from the back room, if you are so inclined.What a great find. Here at a convention. We randomly piced them for dinner. Great food. Great wine selection. Servers were very attentive and helpful. Highly recommend.Food is outstanding as well as service. We went for dinner and next day returned for lunch. As appetizer we had Calamari and the cheese board. The guapo salad is fantastic and the entrees( wild boar ragu, linguine with shrimp and the fish of the day with veggies) were delicious. Highly recommend .This place was amazing! The food and service was top notch! There were a lot of locals dining when we were there-a sign of a great place!Terrific food, great service, can't wait to go back. Get the Meatball, feta, pine nut appetizer. Love the bread!!!Our server, Kelly, was delightful. The concept of perusing around to select your own wine is very progressive and fun. The gentleman that assisted us was knowledgeable and very helpful. He suggested a very delicious Italian blend and also gave us some fun facts while he was helping us. I very much enjoyed that. The artichoke appetizer is outstanding. Ordered the fish of the day, it was salmon. My boyfriend had the gnocchi. I asked to substitute fried Brussel sprouts in place of my vegetable mixture and I was very unsatisfied. My Brussel sprouts were under cooked and tough to chew. My boyfriend's gnocchi was also not cooked all the way. He also ordered risotto and never received it. Over all I am sadly underwhelmed. But I will return and am open to giving them another try. I have faith in this restaurant. You can see the potential. Great atmosphere. Beautiful restaurant. And not for nothing, my salmon was cooked to perfection. Maybe it just wasn't our night. And that's okay!This place was a great change from the typical French Quarter tourist traps. Based on Yelp reviews I made a reservation, which I would suggest since they were crowded on a Tuesday night. 
The arancini was amazing because it was stuffed with, not only, saffron rice and cheese...but also peas!  I decided to get the Prosseco shrimp as my entree.  I was concerned it would be too heavy due to the cream sauce but I think it was a perfect sized dish. Also there were 5 large Gulf shrimp that were about the size of baby lobsters and tasted like they were caught earlier that day. 
My fiancé got the Marsala pork cheek served with polenta. I tasted the pork cheek and it was full of flavor because the end were slightly charred and carmelized, yet the meat stayed tender. 
The wine!  I think what impressed me the most was the wine experience. There is wine on shelves and racks throughout the restaurant because they also sell bottles at retail prices. Which means you do not get the typical 200% restaurant mark-up. They also had a sommelier to help you chose your bottle since there is no wine "list."  I told him what I was looking for - a Montepulciano.  He brought two bottles to choose from and actually recommend the cheaper bottle ($32), which was a great choice!
I would definitely recommend this Cajun-inspired Italian cuisine if you want to get away from the typical Bourbon Street fare.While visiting New Orleans we decided to venture a bit outside of the french quarter and were craving something comforting after enjoying many nights of fantastic creole cookery.  Marcello's Restaurant has a very simple menu with classic dishes from lasagna to spaghetti bolognese.  Surprisingly no ravioli options but what they do serve is all superb.  We dined on a week night and made reservations, although it probably wasn't necessary.  Inside they have an extensive wine selection where you can even go and select a bottle to enjoy while dining.  
I was surprised how much I enjoyed the food.  Sometimes for nicer Italian restaurants I find the portions small but the quality was well worth the price; most dishes being under $25.  I enjoyed the eggplant palermo ($18) which came with three thick cut pieces of eggplant, breaded and topped with fresh tomatoes, mushrooms, capers, and onions and a side of angel hair pasta with garlic.  The pasta so perfectly al dente.  The lemon sauce for the eggplant was subtle and tasty.  But what impressed me most about the dish was the breading on the eggplant.  I'm used to bread crumbs that just fall off with any cutting, but the outside was perfectly crunchy.  My other half really liked the spaghetti bolognese which came with a meat sauce and two large meatballs.
Besides the wonderful food, our server, Gill, was great.  He was engaging and attentive.  This restaurant is perfect for a date night or special occasion/party.I'm really concerned that this restaurant is showing up on "it" lists and getting rated so well here.  We went last night.  In a word, it was unsatisfactory.  Service was by staff that really haven't been properly trained on service, specifically restaurant service. While I think the concept of wine at slightly more than retail at a restaurant is sort of cool, the concept of making the purchase is odd.
We arrived a few minutes before our reservation.  Greeted quickly and show to a seat close to the bar.  There was a decent crowd gathered at the bar, so it was awkward to try to have an intimate conversation with the loud group's drink-enduced cackles and large rear ends nearly on our table.  That said, it was only 20 minutes and they moved on. (This seems like an ideal place to have a drink right after work from one of the many surrounding offices and then head home.)  I started to sit on the bench (which is right in front of the specials chalkboard on the wall) and saw the bend was absolutely filthy.  Shoe prints everywhere.  Obviously caused by staff standing on the upholstery to get high enough to write the day's specials.  It'd been raining so I checked the seat and sure enough it was freshly stepped on, full of dirt and water from someone's shoes.  I asked for the waitress to try to wipe it down (in an attempt to give her the opportunity to recognize the mess and offer to seat us in one of the many other options in the dinning area).  She apologized, got a napkin and tried to wipe it off and then said "well if it's not going to come off on the napkin, I'm sure your pants will be fine."  Pretty much missing the opportunity to win on service.
So I went to wash my hands in the restroom.  While in there a member of the kitchen staff came in, dispensed a towel, blew his nose into the napkin, threw it out, and walked out the door.  I'm pretty sure washing the hands is a critical step missed in that process.  This is absolutely disgusting to me.  I should have taken the seat and the snot as signs it was time to go, but the place was on the NOLA 5 best of 2014 list, so I had an interest in sticking it out--expecting some sort of amazing food.
Waitress comes over, asks if we want to check out the wine, so we do.  She leads us to a second dining area that also has the wines for sale on the typical racks you see in wine stores.  Great.  At this point I think a quick "European wines are over there.  California's here.  Do you have a particular style you like and can I help you find something great for tonight's dinner" would have been fine.  Instead we had a shadow the entire time.  It's sort of cramped in parts of the displays due to the tables being nearby, but having 3 people walking a very small aisle just didn't work.  Aside from the fact that buying wine is a personal process.  Offer the help or have a couple of suggestions in each category and let me look.  Anyway, that was strange enough that we just decided to get back to our table and order a couple of glasses instead of a bottle.
We order food.  Salads are ordered in addition to our entrees.  Now, in my opinion anyone that orders a salad and an appetizer is probably OK.  Unless said salad and entree is for a small woman and the salad is more than sufficient for 4 people.  A gentle "this salad is an entree or for sharing, is that going to be ok?" would make all the difference in the meal.  As it turns out this thing was huge, clearly not a salad for before dinner unless you're 250lbs and in retrospect probably went without having been suggested it was a lot of food because it drove up the bill significantly.  Yes, we probably should have noticed or asked, but again, service is the name of the game here and I think a little attention would have gone a long way. 3/4 of the salad was thrown away--truly an unacceptable waste.
Now having serious doubts about this place, I ordered spaghetti thinking it'd be hard to screw up.  Well, this would be the first bowl of overcooked noodles I've ever gotten that had more sauce than noodles.  In fact, I could have easily served 2 more bowls and had plenty of sauce to go around.  Sauce wasn't anything to brag about, the noodles were overcooked and fat.  I got the sense they were either sitting in water for some time, or were previously cooked and thrown in the fryer to heat them back up.  My wife got the tuna special and it was ok.  The lentils were better than the fish.
Both dishes and the salad went back with quite a lot of food left on them.  Again, someone service oriented would likely picked up on the issues.  We're not ones to complain proactively, so this went unaddressed.
In a city with so many choice dining options, it sure was a shame that our only "nice" meal of our stay was taken at Marcello's.  Lesson learned. I can't see this lasting very long (and my record of picking winners and losers on yelp is pretty solid), so do yourself a favor and find another option.Wow wow wow... excellent restaurant.. every single plate was worth it .. they were super gentile, they prepared a special plate for me that wasnt in the menu my favorite appetizer was the chicken liver pate, as a dessert a had a  Crema alla cioccolata and it was delicious as well. Erica was our server she was so lovely and nice, she help us to find our way to river walk ... so far all the staff was nice the same with our lady bossboy. Very elegant place the wine selection is awesome if you like wine you will love it.. definitely we will repeat next time we are in NOLA best restaurant here so far.I dined at Marcello's on a Friday night, early. It was a solid dining experience.  Great server, and great ambience (though we sat in the bar for dinner, enjoying the street-view).  The antipasti board was a really great way to enjoy Marcello's lovely wines.  The lasagna was....different.    My companion was disappointed, but I would order it again.  I thought it was different in a GOOD way.  Sometimes a classic needs a new interpretation. This was rich, heavy, even a little sweet.  Very beefy. I had the Caesar, which was great.  One of the best I've had. 
Overall, I would recommend it.  It's a perfect spot to experience a bit of Italy with a bottle of vino and your amore.One of favorite places in the city to go with a group and it never disappoints! 
I have been coming here since they opened and have had the opportunity to try a lot of things on the menu and have never had anything bad. The best part is the restaurant is also a wine store with a pretty good selection and reasonable prices. One of the highlights is walking around the place grabbing a bottle and returning to table where the waiter opens and pours it for you and your guests.There is no much to say when everything is so impeccable. The food was prepared to perfection and having the choice of buying great wine at liquor store price enhanced and elevated my experience to a different level. Great food paired with outstanding wine at a reasonable price is quite unusual. Wouldn't you agree?Wow the chicken liver Pate was excellent, our server Erica was really good and menu knowledgeable. When finishing our meal we got the Crema Alla Cioccolata, one of the best desserts ever!Special shout out to Kristina & Chris for planning and executing a top notch holiday dinner party for us!!! They both made the process very easy to plan right down to the expertise on the wine selection. The appetizers, calamari and ravioli were amazing. I personally had the caprese salad and linguine tritoni and it was amazing! The desserts were equally fabulous and our waitress was very friendly and attentive. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking to host a corporate holiday event. The food and service is top notch!!! Micheline StephensThis restaurant is spacious, intimate and has a very chill atmosphere. They also have a huge selection of wine and let you walk around to choose which one you want:)
I came here on a Thursday night with 8 girls and Ron was our waiter. He was amazing! He was attentive, patient, and funny. This place is definitely good for a large party, but do rsvp ahead of time:) 
Linguine Triton (5/5) - It's light, flavorful and tasty
Mussels (4/5)
Marsala Pork Cheek (5/5) - Wow, this entree really impressed because it was so tender. 
Pama Royale drink (4/5)
Overall, I had a great time at Marcello and the food was delicious. It's one of those restaurant that I would come back when I visit Nola.Just had a fantastic dinner here. The service was excellent. Our waiter was well informed and made excellent suggestions. Kitchen was very accommodating of special food requests due to allergies. We had a party of 8 and ALL of us enjoyed everything we ate. The wine selection was fantastic as well!Visited Marcello's during my trip to NOLA. Chose this place for my bday dinner and I am so glad I did. Everything, and I mean every single thing, from appetizers-entree-dessert-wine was amazing, service was also excellent. 
Brussel sprouts, calamari were so yumms as appetizers! Eggplant parmigiana was also delicious. Wide variety of wine for every taste, we were assisted by the manager and tried "Bussola"; which complimented our meals very well. I probably won't be visiting again soon as I am from FL, but you should definitely check this place out!Sat at the bar. Had a glass of Pinot and then later the pasta Tritone- really good. 
Admittedly I was in the mood for pasta but this certainly hit the spot. Great service. Friendly staff. Nice location.I tried this place out recently for my birthday. The food was quite good, the atmosphere was good as well. The manager was a doll, so
Helpful and kind. Jeff the bartender was fantastic! So so so great. Highly recommendedThe fennel crusted tuna was amazing. The portion was perfect. The service was excellent. My server anticipated my needs. It seems that the wine selection is good, a table near me photographed their bottle after dinner. I did not order any wine, and there was no pushy sell trying to convince me otherwise, which I appreciated a lot. Also, I came in  alone one day after a conference, and the hosts were a little flustered trying to find a table for one for some reason, but I got a good table, and I was treated just like any other customer. I had the caramel pudding for desert, and it was good, a little too much almond and almond flavor for me, though. So, I only finished about half of it. I don't have much of a sweet tooth.  My meal of dessert +coffee, lemonade, and entree was about $45 before tip.Great wine selection!  Wonderful food.  I was unsure of my food selection and they modified a dish to accommodate me. The dish was outstanding!  Love this place!!! One of my top choices in New Orleans!Went to Marcello's after New Years with a group of friends and we were here for 6 days here in New Orleans and Marcello's is hands down the best restaurant we all agreed we have eaten at. The ambiance, the food and the service are top notch. Everyone ordered something different and we were all super satisfied with what we each got and the servers were attentive and really knowledgable and helpful with what to order. I would come back here for sure again!Great Italian restaurant with great customer service, and great good. If you're working in the business district or you're just an out-of-town visitor craving some Italian food, would definitely recommend this place. 
My party were all on our lunch breaks so we all gotten the quick lunch option, which consisted of a salad, one choice of entree, and two cookies at the end. The salad we had was forgettable, nothing special about it, just ordinary salad you can get anywhere. For entree, I had the Pesce Del Giorno. I know what you're saying, how can you not have pasta at an Italian restaurant, but I was just soo tired of pasta that I wanted to try something new and this dish did not disappoint. The fish was lightly seasoned, grilled, and very very tender. But the best part about this dish was its veggies and puree. At first glance, the color of it can scare you off as it is a very dark green puree, but it tasted so good. The herbed zucchini puree and greens are what really gave this dish its flavor. And of course, the two hot chocolate chip cookies at the end was delicious. 
Would definitely recommend this place for lunch. Next time, I'll try happy hour here too since I heard they start happy hour here pretty soon.So good! We had a party of 10 with half being under 5yo. Not exactly good for tiny ones but if your kids can stay in their seats you need to try this place. I had the Shrimp Prosecco. It had the tail and head on and if you like that roe flavor it is fantastic. The wines are fabulous too and the selection incredible. Half our group loved their food the other half not so much. My dad says his caper sauce was too salty and my sister felt the squid ink pasta was hearty but a bit too heavy.Really great, bartender phenomenon al as was food and drink. Happy hour not to be missed.This is an excellent restaurant if you love traditional and inventive Italian food.. And especially if you are a wine lover. The restaurant has a lovely "old world" ambience, with the twist of having the main dining room charmingly divided by racks of wine that you are invited to browse and make a selection from to accompany your meal. The wine is sold at retail (rather than "Restaurant) prices, making dinner accompanied by a wonderful bottle of vino that much more affordable. Highly recommend this new up-and-coming restaurant.The service and wine list are excellent. The bread was dry. The veal was overdone because it was crispy. We don't usually eat Italian in NOLA but this place has great reviews on Yelp.I want to love this place, as I think the wine store in a restaurant idea is great, but the food was overpriced and spotty.
I like the atmosphere a lot - very lively. You can go pick out your wine and the waiters are happy to help your make a selection. To start we had the artichokes and they were only okay. I've had much better at somewhere as mundane as the Cheesecake Factory. 
For my main course I had the mussels which were great and some minestrone soup which was okay, but came out luke warm. My friends got pasta dishes and seemed to like them. 
Overall the bill was about $90 dollars each - after tip - and I just felt this was a lot for the amount of food we ordered - one appetizer for three people, I ordered an appetizer and soup for my main course, and each of the other diners had a pasta dish. We had a bottle of wine and one cocktail each. Almost three hundred dollars for that little amount of food is just too high in my opinion.Wow! An artful dining experience.  This isn't haute cuisine, but well-prepared and presented Italian food.  Grilled fish was seared perfectly with light, fresh seasoning.  Vegetable appetizers and sides were exceptionally fresh, creative, and beautifully presented.  Vegetarians take note, Marcellos has delicious and eautiful preparation ideas.  Customers select their own wine from large racks at waist level around the restaurant.  It feels like you are in someone's private cellar.  This presentation of wines is like nothing I've ever seen.  The wine racks also subdivide the floor space. Really interesting!  The atmosphere and decoration remind me of the nicer bistros I saw when I was in Rome and Milan, not kitschy like most chains, or medieval rustic, but accurate.  The piped in music was New Orleans brass band or reggae, not what I usually hear in Italian restaurants, but it worked!  I can't figure out why, and don't know if the music was intentional, but creative.  Service was attentive, knowledgeable, without being fussy or bucolic.  Taken as a whole, the ensemble of food, service, and atmosphere was exceptional.  Creative integrations of decor, music, and artful food presentation was a pleasure to experience.  Located on St. Charles a block from Lafayette Square, it is easy walking distance from Central a Business District tourist hotels.  On the streetcar line if you are coming from further afield.  Marcello's stands out as one of the best Italian restaurants I've been to.Great place for dinner. The restaurant staff was very friendly and professional. They were very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine. The bar staff was just as friendly and knowledgeable. (Also very witty). I highly recommend Marcello's. The food was very delicious and the pricing was great!This was honestly one of my favorite dining experiences ever (and I've traveled to a lot of places and eaten at a lot of restaurants).
SERVICE
Absolutely impeccable, but also friendly and non-pretentious. Our server always had a smile on her face, a great suggestion for food, and the willingness to chat with us.
FOOD
The meal I had here was one of my favorite entrees I'd ever eaten, but it was also a special that night, so I'm not sure you can always get it: beef cheek over a goat cheese and cauliflower puree. I can't even relay in words how tender and flavorful this meat was.
WINE
This place doubles as a wine shop, so there's no wine menu per se. You can just walk around and browse the shelves, and bring a bottle back to your table (which means the price markups are also not terrible). And the selection is pretty freakin extensive too -- whether you're looking for a $40 bottle or a $400 bottle.Took my wife here and she loved it. It's an upscale Italian restaurant with great service and excellent food.  It's in a good spot away from the tourists but still close to downtown.Best Italian restaurant in New Orleans, impeccable service , amaizing food and great wine list! One of my favorites restaurant in NOLA.Nice atmosphere!! Great service...thanks Garland!! Kitchen was a bit slow.. Waited at least 45 minutes for entrees and was not that busy of a night. Food was good..not the best.I love Italian! It never disappoints and neither did Marcello's. 
First time - with a group of 7 people for dinner. Service was amazing. Food was amazing. But it was so long ago, I can't remember what we ordered or the price to comment on it. 
My second time here was with a friend during the day. No wait. And it happened to be happy hour so half off cocktails. Even better!
Complimentary bread - It was hard. I only took one bite. Didn't want to waste my carbs on it. Lol. Jk. 
Eggplant Parmigiana - omg. So amazing. Order this! Eggplant was fried PERFECTLY. I did have to add salt to the pasta, but only because I enjoy my food pretty salty. I wish I asked for crushed red pepper because this would have made the dish even better than what it was. 
Lamb ragu - my friend got this dish and said he liked it and that it was flavorful. I didn't try bc I just recently gave up meat. But I trust what he says. You should too! Unless you don't like lamb, then don't. 
I will definitely come back when I decide I can eat meat again. And I can't wait!Sorry to post a negative review, but here it is: Our dinner last night was not very good: Eggplant parmiigana wasvery undercooked and had to be sent back. It was served with luke warm pasta. The veal palermo was a shadow of it's former flavor and the portion was small.
This used to be my favorite italian restaurant, but I have now had two bad experiences in a row.
What has changed? Did the chef leave?Excellent service, with outdoor service. I had the bucatinni carbonara and chocolate custard and cream for dessert. I have only had better carbonara in Italy and once state side. It could be improved with cracked ground black pepper and more parmesean cheese ro make it zestier and creamier. The pasta was cooked perfectly. The dessert outshined the main course. I was molto contento.Super friendly staff and accessible attitude toward wine selection that I've never experienced before.  
I've ordered lasagna a few times and that's what dish is seared into my memory, but everyone else in my party really loved their meals as much.Friday lunch review
I went with a lunch party of four on the 1st Jazz Fest Weekend Friday. I remember another Italian restaurant that was in this same location a few years ago. While that place was also fine, this is definitely something new. 
Food was very good. We shared calamari and mussels to start. Both were made well and tasted good. The fried calamari was what you would expect, but the mussels were prepared especially nice, a very flavorful broth and not overdone. The entrees included classic items (e.g. Veal Parm) and more interesting fish preparations. We enjoyed everything. 
Service was very nice, friendly and helpful. 
The wine selections are incredible. There are some incredibly interesting cult finds (Scarecrow) which were not in my budget, but fun the look at. However, there are also quality wines representing just about every style and budget. 
I will be back.only reviewing for a quick round of drinks and apps at the bar, but this was hands-down one of my favorite experiences in new orleans.  posh setting, casual and attentive staff, delicious food.  a bit pricey cause it's worth it!The bartender with the mustache and the suspenders mixes up nothing short of amazing craft cocktails. As far as the food goes, I'll be back on a regular basis. We had the veal molli, the calamari, and the mussels. Fine dining with exceptional service. Great wine selection as well.Spaghetti and meatballs was so good! We liked everything we ordered great if you want a nice Italian place that doesn't break the bankI'm pretty knowledgeable about wine and I love Italian food, so this place seemed like a match made in heaven.  It didn't quite live up to the anticipation, unfortunately.  My wife and I chalked that up to the fact that we've had some amazing meals in this city (Emeril's--all three locations, Clancy's, Commander's, Irene's, et al) so that's the standard by which we measure every restaurant here.  Outside of New Orleans, this is probably more like 4 1/2 stars.  In this city, it's between 3 1/2 and 4.
The wine selection was decent, but it's definitely more than "just above wine shop prices" for most higher end bottles.  If you're into California semi-cult Cabs or Bordeaux, there are some big name bottles but they're very pricey (probably more like twice retail) and very young.  There were only a handful of "older" (2006 and 2004) Bordeaux and most Cali Cabs were 2010 or younger.  The Pinot selection was better, but nothing earth shattering.
Since we were in an Italian restaurant, I spent most of my time in the Italian wine area.  The selection was a bit disappointing, actually.  Most of the Barolos were very young (2007 or younger) and there weren't many Chiantis or Brunellos from earlier than 2012.
Hidden among these bottles, I found a gem:  a 2001 Emidio Pepe Montepulciano d'Abruzzo.  At $130, it was at or below what you'd pay in most retail stores.  It was a great find and, more importantly, was approachable now without hours or days of decanting.
After I selected it and returned to the table, the server brought it to the somm, who recommended chilling it just a bit to get it to cellar temperature.  It's always good when restaurants offer this without me having to request it.  Once it cooled down a bit, they decanted it using a venturi (the waiter said they do that with all bottles, which makes sense given how young most are).
For an appetizer, we shared an arancini, which was excellent.  We also shared a chopped salad, which was okay, but the dressing was missing something.  The portions were large, even after the split.  If we came back, we'd probably get two arancini and skip the salad.
For our main courses, I had the veal parmigiana and my wife had a shrimp with spaghetti.  Both of the dishes were good.
Afterward, we were both stuffed, but decided to split a mocha cheesecake anyway.  It was pretty good.  My wife also had what she described as the best cappuccino she'd ever had and I had a nice glass of Cabernet Franc Icewine.
Our server was a bit awkward, but he did an okay job.
If you're in the mood for Italian food in New Orleans, I'd rank this place between Irene's (which is excellent) and Tommy's (which is "eh").  The wine selection here is better than either of those places, however.  There are so many great restaurants in this town that I can't say this place is a "must visit" but it's not someplace I'd automatically exclude either.Excellent restaurant in every way!
Food outstanding, service impeccable, atmosphere perfect, fun and exciting to be a part of for the evening.
Brendalove this place. I've been here before. they didn't have a gluten free dessert so Alia brought an amazing dessert that I could eat that was prepared for me!! great service !!!! and delicious dessertWhat a terrific dining experience. The novel approach to wine selection (walk the aisles, explore the racks), the wait staff's attentiveness, and their suggestions all added up to an enjoyable evening. Try the wild boar pappardelle, or delicious carbonara.
Can't wait until we can return to New Orleans, and visit Marcello's again.I am a huge fan of Marcello's Lafayette and have been eating there since the 1980's. I have eaten at that location twice in the last few months. I was so very excited to see them opening in New Orleans. I had a guest in town from San Francisco who also used to live in Lafayette. She was happy to learn my husband and I were taking her to Marcello's New Orleans for dinner last Thursday. We had a nice table upfront near the bar, enjoyed our cocktails very much; the appetizers were only okay. The eggplant  with goat cheese would have been much more flavorful had they been served warm or room temp vs. cold,  and while the entrees were good, they were glaringly small portions. My husband said he was still hungry after our table shared three appetizers and each had an entree. That is the reason I am giving Marcello's New Orleans only three stars. Their portions in the Lafayette restaurant are much more generous and less expensive. I am not looking to take home a doggy bag, but pasta is cheap. Having such a small amount of pasta with my husband's chicken parmigian and so little with my clams and linguine is inexcusable and not business-smart. I am afraid you have adopted a pretentiousness because you are located in the Warehouse District in New Orleans. Sorry, Marcello. I will be waiting for my next trip back to Lafayette to visit your restaurant.Excellent food; excellent service as well! We are pretty "picky" with our food choices but this was fresh, homemade Italian food that tasted the part.Had better...it was OK Italian food. Quality of the meal didn't match the price. I've had much better for less. I'd pass if I were you.Omg great restaurant! Service was perfect our server was so great to us very patient and super joyful! Upon entering I thought the restaurant was small then we went in a little more and they are pretty spacious!Outstanding meal and service. Chicken Palermo was perhaps the best chicken dish I have ever had. My wife had chicken Molli and it too was great. Abigail was an excellent server. Highly recommend.Went for an impromptu lunch and loved the food. The service was excellent and overall a great experienceGreat great food..  incredible wine selection and great dishes.  My wife had pan roasted chicken and i had there veal dish omg.....What a fantastic addition to the CBD!  Staff knows wine, can explain any meal in perfect detail, the food is beautifully presented, and if you like wine they have a phenomenal selection.  You can't go wrong.  Jackie knows her stuff :-). Been there a lot and already have more reservations this week.  Expect nothing less than a wonderful dining experience.Food and service were both very good. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because the portion size of my meal was very small. I got the buccatini carbonara which was just introduced to the menu yesterday. 4 ounces of pasta at best. For $23 I expected a little more. I usually comment that portions are entirely too large. It's highly unusual that I leave a restaurant hungry. This would have been a decent sized appetizer. I spoke to the waiter. The cost of a beer was comped. I'd return but would probably speak up earlier about my portion.Came here for lunch.  The meat and cheese board was just ok for the almost $20 cost.  2 meats, 2 cheeses with not a lot of meat or cheese.   I had the meatball sandwich with eggplant fries.  I was happy with it.  The eggplant fries are good, but I think they should keep regular fries too.  The meatball was good for outside on NY meatballs.  The gf had a clams and spaghetti and she said it was very oily and salty, hence she did not eat much.  I think NOLA citizens really like salt because this was not our first or last encounter with overly salty food.  Next time we may have to try their dinner.This place was excellent. Very classy, great food and excellent service! Perfect for a business dinner.My boyfriend and I were looking for a low-key, great quality restaurant within the neighborhood, and were delighted to find Marcello's had recently opened just 3 blocks away. From the moment we arrived, the staff were very welcoming and friendly, without any of the pretentious airs you might anticipate when visiting a wine bar/restaurant. 
We were seated in the bar area, where we had a great view onto Lafayette Square. The high ceilings and large window create an open, inviting space where you do not feel cramped. 
We loved our server, Nick, who was both personable and helpful with menu selections. My boyfriend ordered the Cioppino and I had the chicken Molli. The lemon caper sauce on the chicken was delicious, though my boyfriend tried to argue that his dish was better. Either way, both were rich in flavor and wonderfully prepared. It was so nice to enjoy authentic Italian recipes made with such care and experience! 
I loved seeing that, in addition to the attentive servers, the owners were checking in with each of the diners. They seemed genuinely engaged and invested in the quality of our experience. Overall, we had a fantastic visit to Marcello's and would enthusiastically recommend it to others!We were walking back from the WWII museum and found this wonderful Italian restaurant and wine bar. Their wine selection was more then most wine stores. The food was perfectly cooked and exceeded our expectations. Thanks all and we will stop next time we are back in town.Ate there a couple of weeks ago...it was wonderful!! Food and staff were excellent!! Will be returning soon.Had a wonderful late afternoon of wine and appetizers. Happy Hour starts at 2:30 and is half off most drinks. 
I had a small charcuterie board featuring two meats and two cheeses. It was plentiful enough for me with a little two share with latecomers. Which served to whet their appetite for the house made raviolis. Excellent ravioli and a delicious red sauce. 
It was a terrific afternoon outside with an excellent, beautiful, smart server, good wine and good food.We went to there for lunch. We ordered bolognese n lasagna. Both were so good. 
My husband's favorite Italian restaurant now!
Price wasn't bad n portion is good for lunch. 
We enjoyed with those meal. 
Unfortunately there is no my favorite dessert menu this time, hope next time I can try.I've already been twice! And I want to go again and again! The food is to die for and the prices for wine are unbelievable! You shop for your own bottle and pay retail price! It's amazing! And they have a full bar
Incase you don't like wine or champagne. The wait staff is really awesome too! Everyone from the hostess to servers to management - everyone spoke to us. Ohhhhh I'm hungry just thinking about it.Every time that I've been here the food and service have been great. On this recent visit I tried the Chicken  Palermo. For dessert I love the Budino. They have a huge wine selection.The buttered garlicky bread was hard, and never offered again after the first pass by. The mussels were ok, did not care for the crusty bread it was paired with tho. Tomato basil soup was decent. Caeser salad was forgettable. The Fennel crusted tuna was absolutely amazing. I no-carbed it with green beans instead of fettuccini and I practically licked my plate. Husband loved the lasagna even though he almost burned his mouth with it. On a previous trip had the tiramisu and it's ok. They should get Brocato's tiramisu to serve. Waiter was nice and attentive. My biggest complaint are the wine boxes stacked in front the wine racks in the narrow corridor between the dining rooms. That is an accident waiting to happen.Beautiful dinner. We ordered all four of their specialty  dishes. Two great bottles of wine  and great company.  Service was nice and people were friendly. Would go back again.Awesome restaurant and concept. Atmosphere was great as was the service (CHRIS). There was two of us for dinner. We has eggplant coponata Cesar salad, wild boar ragu, and bucatelli carbonara. All the dishes were fantastic, no room got dessert! I highly recommend!I had a lunch meeting in the CBD and Marcello's was recommended. I arrived early and was greeted by a professional staff. I reserved a table by the window and took a nice walk to Lafayette Square (the second oldest park in NOLA). After an enjoyable walk and time of reflection I made my way back to the restaurant. The host seated me and I was presented with the menu. 
My friend was running a few minutes late so I ordered a Coke and loved that it was from a glass bottle. I enjoyed the music and environment while waiting. The place is not "small" but still has an intimacy and charm. 
One my friend arrived we were served Bread and told of the specials. I had the Lamb Ragu off the menu. It was amazing! It was delicate and hearty all at the same time. The noodles were cooked to perfection and the Lamb Shoulder was moist and tender. Every dish I saw looked equally delicious. The prices were reasonable, service impeccable and food fantastic. The wine list seemed extensive. I will be returning very soon.Great pasta, lamb ragu a must try.
Large wine selection and great energy. Highly recommend.Food and service were excellent. The staff was very helpful in finding us gluten free options (you can ask for gluten free pasta!). Clean and pleasant. Had a great Friday night. Accessible for wheelchairs. Very recommended!New Orleans dining scene has a Marcello's at last. Wonderfully executed straight forward Italian classics, and then some, in a lovely setting on the Avenue. Wine enthusiasts take note: owner is lifelong in the business. Wide hand picked selection priced JUST ABOVE RETAIL. Was steered to a tasty '09 Amarone for $60. Will be back often. Reticent to share this gem because I want to be able to get a table in the future =)When we told people we were visiting New Orleans, we were given so many recommendations of where we needed to eat. But we left the lists behind and found Marcello's and are so happy we did. The food was amazing and the service was great. We didn't have reservations but were seated quickly at a nice table in the back of the restaurant. I ordered the Chicken Molli which was so, so good. My husband got Veal Parm and cleaned his plate. Even the bread was great. We are so glad we ditched all of the lists we had and found Marcello's.Marcello's offers a great wine selection - many bottles and single glasses. I was a fan of the Chianti. I got the spaghetti and meatballs for my meal and really enjoyed it. There was a lot of food, but luckily I had some friends to help me finish. Hubby got the eggplant parmesan and was very happy with it. We got brussel sprouts to start and I thought they were a little undercooked, which was the only drawback to the meal. Our waitress was very personable and the decor had a friendly feel. It was like having a meal in the wine cellar of an eccentric millionaire.Excellent service. Fabulous drinks. The food was delicious. We shared a couple of appetizers and 3 entrees.  We loved all of it. The calamari had the perfect  amount of breaking, very light and well seasoned.