stopped here on our bike tour and loved the bloody mary. the mix you can tell was a homemade recipe and i loved the okra and beans added into it, a nice twist in addition to olives!!!This is a BAR, tried and true. Pool-table. No fancy drinks. No bar-food with a twist. Just hang out, see what types roll in. Possibly even seems to be a gay bar or maybe just curious hipsters. No matter either way, it's a pleasantly proper semi-seedy looking dive (all in a good way).
Fairly cheap drinks, a few quiet lone drinkers, some rambunctious types. Something reliable to keep in your back-pocket.BLUF:  No reason to go hear unless you live around the corner.  Very very very local with a touch of sadness.
Very tiny bar in the marigny with only local clients in their 50s who spend their time on the video poker machines and wish they could still be smoking inside.  A couple hipsters will be out front eyeballing you in judgment if you don't look like them.  Thats okay because I was judging them too.  Not a very welcoming place but could be a quiet place to get a drink with a friend.
There is a fine line between a "dive" and sadness and I believe this place passed into sadness."TALKIN TO YA DADDY" 
Marie's is my neighborhood bar (I live on St Roch). Love the bartenders, especially Dana, and love the prices ($3 wells - $2 during their 5-7 happy hour). 
Like other reviewers have said, there are no frills. It's mixed drinks and cheap beers. The juke is free (but lord help if a regular catches you selecting more than five tunes in a row) and pool is cheap. 
I have no problem hanging out with people forty years older than me, but if you're looking for a younger crowd Lost Love Lounge or Mimi's are nearby and may be a better option. Expect to pay 1.00-1.50 more per drink, though. 
OH it's also cash only, and they have an ATM. They also have a relatively cheap cigarette machine and a vending machine with Zapps and other bar snacks to keep ya going. 
"Talking to ya daddy" along with the other quotes on the bars walls, were one-liners the original owner always said to customers. His son owns the bar now and displays them to remember his dad.How could you not love this bar! The bartenders are awesome, there's a pool table, and the jukebox is jammin!  Very friendly neighborhood vibe going on here.  Really like going here!Marie's: home to the best bloody mary I've had in nola. And let me tell you, I had a lot of bloody marys during my trip last weekend.
Marie's was our last bar stop during a bike tour and it was the perfect ending to a perfect afternoon. 
- First of all, it's a dive. That right there already gives it points in my book. 
- Second, the drinks were cheap (although, that could be said for a lot of the drinks we had while in nola). 
- Third, the spicy bloody was just divine. As my friend Crystal says, "I like when I can feel the spice hit my throat." Yep, that describes this bad boy perfectly. And it was filled with pickled veggies, which is a must for a solid bloody.
- Fourth, the crowd that Marie's attracts on a Saturday afternoon (or at least on our Saturday afternoon) is friendly and polite. We headed outside to sip our drinks and all of the gentlemen sitting in the seats got up and offered us their chairs. Apparently chivalry's not dead.
And now, I'm day dreaming about that bloody mary...Nice local watering hole with friendly people (at least when I was there).
I look forward to many returns.
I can recommend Marie's if you want to just relax,chat,listen to some good tunes from the agony box and enjoy whatever comes thru the door.Always fun.... Live in the neighborhood And a great spot to feel at home . Bartenders are super friendly and all the customers are my neighbors so couldn't ask for betterAh, my neighborhood dive, how I love you.  This is pretty much the only bar I go to anymore because 1) it's cheap, 2) it's close, 3) I generally don't have to worry about getting hit on by douchebags (dirty old men, sure.  douchebags, no.), and 4) it's not chock-full of dirty hipsters.  
I would say I wish they'd get a credit card machine, but sometimes, not having cash is the only thing that keeps my ass at home, so I guess it's kind of a good thing that I have to use their expensive ATM if I don't have any cash on me.
I miss you, Melvin.  "Conversation, no penetration," indeed.This a nice little neighborhood bar. The bartender was really friendly and they have good beer like Fat Tire and LA 31. It was pretty slow on the night that we came, so we chatted with the bartender and the one other patron that was in the place. I can see how this is probably a popular hang out earlier in the evening. I got the vibe that it's a "pre game" type of bar. I'd love to come back on a night where there are more people. Like others have said the place is cash only.As my friend Robert K would say, "THIS is a bar." 
Namely, a dive where the drunks don't just swap fists; they hash-out decades-old feuds with a level of stinging intimacy that will reel you in.
Actually Robert describes it best:
"i liked that bar we went to - it was after kent left. we went to the convenience store & bought like fried chicken fried shrimp fried fish fried crabs & we went to that bar where there were maybe eight people and the two old men who had the most enormous fight & shouting match & and insane multi-generational family feud aired out in front of all of us & then the one guy threw the other guy out the door and locked the door and did wacky smoking pistols dance across the room with winks & guns & for everyone & so many boozy afternoon cheers it was maybe 5:00 in the afternoon."
The ousted man staggered away in the punishing afternoon sun, but inside a friendly local calmly remarked on our fried-fish buffet as though a Tennessee Williams play didn't just unfold in the spaces of this dark bar. "That looks tasty," he chuckled and we really couldn't disagree. 
Drinks are cheap. Jukebox. Marigny is a magical place.
Obligatory Title Pun: A dive bar called DESIRE.
Menu Readability: I don't remember seeing one. I remember seeing a grown man sob.
Need to mention: You will know that pool may be played for free when they remove the plastic door covering the balls. Have at 'er.
What this place teaches me about myself: Fried crab is the dopest, though.Makes a pretty good bloody mary, which comes in two sizes. Nice chill neighborhood bar. Cheap beer, but only comes in bottles, nothing on tap. Sierra Nevada Pale Ale looked to be the fanciest beer they had.When I describe Marie's to people, I usually say it's an "old man's bar."  It's a certainly a dive.  Cheap cold beers.  You have to buzz to get in.  Pool table.  Usually has tables outside for some good day drinkin.  Every now and then you can catch Guitar Lightning play a set here.I love Marie's and if you like divey hole in the wall bars, you will too. It's tiny but the jukebox is free with great tunes.
The waitstaff is always courteous and there's a pool table, but it is smokey so beware if this isn't your thing. The drinks are cheap and the crowd's usually a mix of young and old.Great service and a great Bloody Mary. I have never liked Bloody Mary's until I tasted this one. 1st I have ever ordered. It was great. Fun bar, great neighborhood.Great neighborhood bar serving some of the cheapest beer and cocktails on the creole side of the river. The old fashioned neighborhood bar with outdoor seating is a treat in the bywater/marigny area. The beer is $2 and the cocktails especially the bloody mary is on par with any in the city. One of my favorite stops with a group ride.This was my third time visiting New Orleans but my first time at this bar (and area).  If I could go back in time I would have stayed in the area and made this my hang out spot on my last two trips as well. This place is awesome!  Our first night here we met Sasha who is so welcoming and really made my group feel comfortable from the get-go. The next night we had the pleasure of meeting the manager, Anna.  Anna is the best!  She was on top of it when it came to making sure we had drinks in hand, and also gave us great conversation.  The bathrooms are clean, the drinks are cheap and there's a pool table, plus the place has fun, friendly people. What more can you want?Day-drinking at a table outside? 
Hell yes.I would say 3 1/2 stars first 
I dig this bar. I wish I had one like it in my humble Marrero subdivision. I like to think I would be one of the old men in the bar, like that have at this place.   They have a nice selection of bottled beers, a few bar things to do, but its simplicity and old man and old lady factor , as is the tucked away feeling I have, makes it a nice and cool place.  
Its not very loud except for the potty mouthed old men.  The stories I was overhearing was funny and so broken up and long winded, I was hoping the jukebox wouldn't start playing random :-)
I have only been here in the evenings, not totally trashed, just always a quick beer and run out, but I see this as a possible get away when the nearby bars on St. Claude are too crowded or loud to chill with a special someone.This place is the first genuine dive bar I have found in the Bywater since moving here six months ago. It seems like it has been the same for decades, instead of being a brand-new "dive" targeting local hipsters and charging five bucks a beer like most places around here. The staff is incredibly friendly, there is a pool table, MH & PBR are only two dollars and wells are three dollars. If those were happy hour prices they'd beat most bars in the area, but they're just the prices! The bloody mary is pretty darn good too and a steal.
If you want a chill spot to hang out, play some pool, and not break the bank doing it, come to Marie's Bar!Didn't eat here but had a delicious Bloody Mary this morning. Home made mix plus great pickled vegetables. Complex and a decent amount of heatCasual, cash only corner dive along our bike tour stop with bits of history and grunge decorating every square foot. Scant outdoor seating, friendly neighborhood regulars. Beer selection covered basic essentials. Prettyboy bartender filled my cup with ice to the brim before pouring over my reasonably tasty bloody mary from a pitcher. Garnish was nice: one each of olive, dilly bean, lemon wedge, pickled okra. My upgrade to a large probably didn't do much good with all that ice!We stopped by Marie's Bar while on a bike tour for a quick drink.  I loved this place!  Dive bars are usually awesome, but are just that much better when you can get a great drink for a couple of dollars and the bartender is nice as can be!  
If you're in the area, definitely stop by for a drink!An amazing dive bar with incredible bloody mary's. Shitty decor, a pot of coffee brewing, stiff drinks, video poker and anything else a drunken degenerate could need at 9 AM in NOLA.Check out this spot on Sundays, there's a restaurant that does pops ups here. It's a Filipino joint named "Milkfish", stellar food!! They also have a vegetarian menu that's amazing and I'm not a vegetarian. The prices are very reasonable, and the people are fantastic. I highly recommend this spot for it is the only Filipino joint around. Enjoy!!RIP melvin. no one else ever called me a pretty motherfucker :/
cheap drinks, cheap bar food, friendly staff. what more could you ask for?Marie's is always my first stop on the weekly Sunday Bloody Mary Walk. They've got a killer mix (could be Zing-Zang, could be homemade, don't know, don't care: it's perfect) and they load your Mary up with pickled everything: olive, onion, okra, dilly bean. A meal in itself. 
Love this little place. When there isn't a sporting event on there's always a bunch of old codgers watching the Lifetime channel. 
Neighborhood goodness.Joi B. is right, bartenders are sassy. But, I wouldn't say they're entirely friendly. This is definitely one of those places where you can't hail the bartender down (which I NEVER do) but when the bartender is gone from the bar for 5 minutes, what else can you do? Finally got this guy and ordered my stuff. I asked if they took cards, misheard him, and when I put my card back down he slid it back saying that they don't take them. Bummer. There's an ATM in the bar, but still. Other than that, this is the perfect place to be a closet smoker as you can inhale all the second-hand smoke that you want. It may even be worse than Finns because it's smaller. Thanks, Marie's, but I'll try again when We've Got Soul is up and running. Those guys are too cute (it was the guys birthday today so wish him a happy birthday tomorrow!) and I can't wait to try their food.Don't be afraid to go in.  The food is excellent. A party of 6 and we all fully enjoyed our food.  The jambalaya was delicious and has a kick.  Taste it first before you season.One of the bartenders made our group 4 of the worst bloody Mary's I've ever had. She went way too heavy on the horseradish. Had to throw them all away.OMG! The previous reviews are absolutely correct. You should get to this place before it's discovered. Just the best mac & cheese, jambalaya, and burgers. And the fries? Awesome! You're also going to want to check out the Methodist Crack for dessert. The staff is friendly and the chef, Trace, is incredible. He learned his stuff from, among others, Paul Prudhomme, and you can't do much better than that in New Orleans. Recommended without reservation, and you don't need reservations!Bartender was super rude to me. Was having a fine time, but left after a bullshit callout. (I think i just interuppted them? Idk) Didn't eat there, so can't judge the food.This was a hit during our bike tour of New Orleans. It's a very small, quaint little bar (cash only!) that is certainly a staple in the surrounding neighborhood. 
My hubby and I both tried their Abitia Beer (local brewery), and it was SO TASTY. Mine was the Strawberry Harvest Lager, and lemme tell ya - I'm not normally a beer drinker, but this was SO satisfying on a hot and humid N'awlins afternoon.
Highly recommended that you swing by, purchase a drinky-poo or two, and sit outside to enjoy the sites of the neighborhood.Great jukebox, great drink selection and a pool table what more to ask for. It's a cash only place but the juke box is free and the bar has a nice vibe. It's also dog friendly so stop on in with the puppies and grab a cold beer sometime.Cool little dive bar with a small bar area, a pool table with poker machines along with two large tv screens. The food is to the right in the back and they accept only cash in this place. But and ATM is within arms reach. The food is very inexpensive and it's like a party in your mouth with the Mac and cheese. More than enough to share amongst 2-3 people...they aren't shy about their portions. 
I got the Bitch burger (I think)...two 4 oz patties with cheese, fried egg and bacon crumbles...DAMN!! The tomato was a nice thick slice with all awesomely fresh ingredients (onion, lettuce and pickles). It's just too huge to fit in your mouth in one bite! So yummy. Only open on weekends I heard so remember that.She's a good local lady to grab a drink with after work, cause she's a working class broad with a working class attitude and you can't begrudge that. She's a small darling to be sure... and she only accepts cash... and don't forget that she'll kick you out to the curb if you mistreat her... nothing fancy... but some days... that's just about perfect.This is one of the best dive bars in the marigny, it's like being in your living room. If you want some of the best service it's a must to stop by and see Anna with her amazing skills and her charming whit!!!!!!!Marie's is your quintessential neighborhood dive bar.
We stopped here on a Confederacy of Cruisers' bike tour, and the bartender was just the nicest woman ever. But best of all, she made one of the tastiest and booziest Bloody Mary's I've ever had.
If you're in the area, stop by for a drink, you won't go wrong, and your wallet will be happy as you will be.When you get that unanticipated urge to hide from everything, watch Lifetime movies, and day drink in silence with your neighbors - head to Marie's! 
Cheap drinks, Bloody Mary's, and a not-to-shabby beer selection. (they carry fun little things like Anchor Steam and Crispin on top of the regular beer varieties) I've never been inside here at night (yeah, I'm a Certified Day Drinker) but there is usually a gaggle of regulars hanging out and sometimes reminding me to slow down on my bike. They're good neighbors; I always forget about that stop sign.
Oh, and I still have no clue where the bathroom is. So be prepared to hold it.Best bloody mary's I had during my entire trip to NOLA.  I love the garnishes... yum!  I had to come back multiple times.  Its small and dark, but the staff and regulars are very friendly.  Cash only.  TRY THE BLOODY!!Hmm...
Moi: "I'll have a vodka lemonade, please."
Surfer-y Bartender: "Uh...we make it ourselves, but we're out."
Moi: "OK, I'll just have a gimlet then."
SB: "A what? Is that like a martini? Mom - what's a gimlet?"
So, I see everyone else around me drinking beer. This is what happens when you turn off the nonverbal cues, people. 
At least the price was right...Friendly, welcoming, inexpensive, personal. And they have a pool table too! Can't beat itThis is a cool dive bar that draws a loyal local following.  Monday's usually feature Holly Tamale bartending and offering samples of her fantastic tamales.  In addition to the interesting patrons of the bar you also have the options of a pool table free jukebox for your entertainment pleasure.  As with many NOLA neighborhood establishments the patrons here come in all ages, styles and backgrounds so if you don't like that don't visit New Orleans.  It is a cash only joint so be prepared for that.A buddy invited my husband and I to meet him at Marie's to watch a Saints game. He's mentioned multiple times what a great place Marie's is not only due to it being just a cool dive bar, but also due to the food. The first thing I ordered was the Bloody Mary and it was made just how I like it- classic, spicy, heavy on the vodka- and at a great price. Once the game started, we stuck to beer and you can't beat the prices- I think they're like $2 for a domestic! 
Then we ordered food-oh my goodness! The food is truly amazing and any review on here that is raving about it is 100% accurate! Everyone in our group ordered something different and everything was just perfect- pork rind nachos, chili cheese fries, mac and cheese, eggplant caponata, and the gumbo. My husband stated that it's the best gumbo ever and our friend who is a New Orleans native agreed. Next time, my husband is going to get the burger because we've heard it's the best ever, too.
I'm hesitant to bring guests visiting New Orleans to Marie's because I don't want tourists overrunning the neighborhood and gems like this bar, but for the few special ones, I have to bring them because the food is some of the best in the city! I cannot say enough good things about Marie's and would highly recommend it.3.5
The city that care forgot meets the bar that clean ignored. But, such is to be expected. Marie's is a dive bar in the Marigny. Long before flippers from NYC invaded the Crescent City, Marie's has been a neighborhood staple doing what she wanted to do when she wanted to do it. You were either in or out. She had no need to try to impress because the folks coming here were coming for her, not for a scene.
And that, my friends, is how New Orleans used to be.
While I am not much of a dive bar enthusiast, I am known to be fond of authenticity. Real recognizes real, no matter the form. So, I Purelled myself and walked in. I get it. I dig it. There's a cool charm to the place. Like most of New Orleans, it reads old (even if it's not). It's not fancy and cash is the law of the land. But don't let any of the above make you think you won't be able to get a serious drink on. Whether it's to black out to your environs (me) or to forget about your worries (a whole bunch of other people inside), the drinks are strong enough to make you forget English. My poison of choice was rum punch. Yeah, I know. Punch. But 1.) Punches are in 2.) Punch just means 'throw a bunch of liquor in a bowl and sweeten it up so you don't know what you're drinking.' It's legit. And Marie's concoction is super legit. I had to sit. Sitting gave me the added benefit of being below the smoke line. The haze is real and it's strong. If you are sensitive to smoke or have weak lungs, you might want to sit this one out. There's a juke box for your music needs, a vending machine for your munchies and a pool table for entertainment. The bathroom made me glad to be a man. If I had to sit down in the space where angels feared to tread... I would have gone outside. Standing, ftw. But, Marie's is 60+ years old and was doing fine before she met me and will do fine long after I've darkened her door. A Marie's experience isn't one I'd seek on the regular but as a way to spend a chilly Thursday afternoon in New Orleans... you could do far worse.Marie's was a quick stop on our bike tour of Marginy and we had just enough time to use the ATM and grab a quick beer ($6/can) before heading out.
I would have liked to spend more time there, grab a meal, watch a game, and hang with locals. Putting it on my revisit list for our next NOLA trip.Some of my buddies were pretty spot on in their reviews about Marie's but I'll give my two cents as well. 
This bar is a hangover haven that only accepts cash. While I wasn't hungover and probably should've opted for a more H2O-based bev on our bike tour with the Confederacy of Cruisers, I had heard rumors that Marie's Bloody Mary was magically delicious. 
The bar is dimly lit with a jukebox, pool table, snack machine with Zapp's potato chips (ah, thank ya), and a bar already brimming with local patrons at 5 o'clock...somewhere. 
I requested a Bloody Mary (at $7). This bartender is by no means rough around the edges, more of a goddess in a sea of bristling chins, lit cigarettes, and old man compliments (you gots to just roll with the old man compliments if you live in New Orleans, I'm just sayin'). She took her time to create the perfect Bloody Mary with okra, beans, olives, a slice of lemon with a peppered mix sprinkled on top, and did it with such a nice smile. 
This was a great Bloody Mary. Spicy, but not enough to make me sweat or curb my enthusiasm for this tomato-ey cocktail. A Bloody Mary should never been too small leaving you to NEED another one or too big to feel like a formidable dinner entree. This one was Goldilock's perfect in size.  I'll put it up there in the top 5 in the city, and one of those is the Bloody I make at home. 
If Marie's wasn't so far from my 'hood, it'd become my pop-in/grab a Bloody bar but I might have to make an exception just to enjoy it again!I rented a home 2 blocks from this bar and found myself here often. You can't find $2.50 beer anywhere else in NOLA that I know of. Fun staff and colorful natives come here too. I meet a lot of musicians here during the afternoons. I recommend there bloody Mary.Great neighborhood dive bar, small
But friendly to visitors, ask local where to eat and what to do. Have a Bad Ass Bloody Mary or tall margarita. Cash only, jukebox and pool table.When I was a little kid, I really loved going to bars with my parents. Maybe it was because they were dark and cozy, not unlike being back in the womb. Or maybe it was because I got to drink soda out of the gun. 
So. Marie's. I'll put it to you this way, the first time I walked into Marie's, I was immediately reminded of those slightly shabby bars I'd visit as a tender lass, when I'd belly up to the jukebox and play shit like Fly Robin Fly. I just dig the homey vibe here overall. Yeah, yeah, allegedly a dive, but I think that's a throwaway word for a bar that isn't some barfy Ultra Lounge, y'know? Marie's is the real deal. 
"Oh Marie! (Oh Marie)...Oh Marie! (Oh Marie)...In your arms I'm longin' to be (I'm longin' to be)"
Pay a visit to Marie's and within minutes, you'll be caught up in her sweet embrace.
-cheap ass drinks
-sassy, friendly bartenders
-regulars that will make you never want to leave
-possibly the best Bloody Marys in town
-We've Got Soul on Friday nights (I may be a vegetarian, but I have it on good authority from the meat eating friends in my life that WGS is the *shit*). 
Thanks for making me feel like a kid again, Marie!!!Stopped here while on a bike tour and had a Bloody Mary. The exterior and neighborhood are a bit sketchy. The interior is small and there are video poker machines as well as a cigarette dispenser along the wall. 
They do not serve food here except for Sundays as I hear there's always a brunch or BBQ type of event. There is a vending machine with some good items, including Zapp's chips. Yummmm - voodoo!
I wasn't expecting much from this place. The bathroom was clean and there was only one patron there during the duration of our stay.
I'm giving Marie's five stars for two reasons. The Bloody Mary I received was the best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Spicy, well seasoned, loaded with pickled veggies and so strong. The $8.50 I dropped felt like $2 - the drink was that good! My gf had a margarita and she really enjoyed it. 
The woman tending bar was also wonderful. So pleasant and accommodating. I believe her name was Liz (older, beautiful and in an arm sling) and she was just a joy to chat with. 
I dream of the Bloody Marys here. Would definitely return.It is my favorite old fashioned local dive bar. I found it when I moved here 10 years ago. They got through Covid and the place is as dicey as a remembered loos like some new paint and a new sign out front. Maybe it has been about a year since it have been here. Nola is back and so is Marie's bring cash and thirst. Welcome back locals and maybe a few tourist if you don't come in wearing beads. No bachelor or bachelorette parties. This a place for professional fun people to have fun and hang out with there friends if 30 years and drink your sorrows away. "LAISSEZ LES BON TEMPS ROULER"now that melvin has gotten hold of this spot, its become my local neighborhood fave spot.  pool table, juke, tiny, tiny place, that comes alive at night.  during mardigras, you can always bump into some of the tumblers in here.  really fun.
   prior to becoming marie's, It was smitty's.  more like sh**ties... LOL  tried on several occasions to get a drink, and never could get the bartender to bring me one.  So thankful that marie has it, and has made it part of the hood.
    Love me some phillip.I go to Marie's Bar almost everyday,  It 's actually a very cool spot to go when you want to relax and have a glass of wine or drink of choice. It is a neighborhood bar, Everyone there is very nice and have been going there for a  long time,  Marie's also has some of the best Bloody Mary's you can drink. If you are ever in the area I recommend you stop in and have a drink or just have a soft drink,  I am sure you will enjoy yourself as I do. oh yeah, by the way they have an excellent JukeboxTotal dive bar that we stopped into on our bike tour. Do you think a bloody mary will quench your thirst? Probably not. But it was one of the best bloody mary's I've had. No lie!
It was spicy and stuffed with olives and pickles. I was not into the smoking, especially after the fresh ride I was taking, but whatever. I was there for literally 15 minutes, maybe. If you're looking for a dive with great bloody mary's, this is your joint!