I eat here all the time and love everything from the friendly staff to the gorgeous atmosphere. There can be a bit of a wait to be seated at times, but it's a testament to how good the food is. Definitely try the burrata and the short ribs rigatoni.cute date spot. went on a thurs night around 7:30 & it was fairly busy but not overcrowded. out server was friendly & responsive without being overbearing. cocktails were okay, wine selection was decent, menu was solid & prices were super reasonable. well paced, yummy meal. the flavors were fresh & nothing was too heavy. modern vibe without being obnoxious.This place is wonderful!  We were in a relatively large party (8) and were seated right away. The cheese plate was good. But, the entree and salad were even better. I had the arugula salad. Very good. Braised lambs belly for the entree. The portions are not so big that you are overwhelmed. And priced quite well. I highly recommend this place. One tip: there's ample parking next door. It is not for the restaurant and, unfortunately is not well marked as such. Be prepared to park on the street and walk. It's worth it.This place is pretty busy, so be sure to make a reservation! The drinks were delicious and well blended. My friend had a red bottle wine and enjoyed it. The vegetable lasagna was delicious, but you HAVE to get the steak! It was cooked perfectly. The service was good. I came with a large party and we were sat at a rectangular table, which isn't great for talking.. you end up only talking to the folks right by you. Large circular tables are better.Mariza is delicious! We had unique specialty cocktails, delicious Burrata Crostini & Tomatoes. Then Lamb Meatballs & Veggie Plate. As well as the Hanger Steak.The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was nice. However, the waiter was extremely rude and unhelpful. He was reluctant to answer questions about the menu and visibly annoyed that we asked. Drink service was slow and some items we ordered didn't show up. The waiter's attitude soured our entire experience, so for this reason we will not return.I visited Mariza for the first time, last night. The place looked to be a "happening" spot that the locals go to. It wasn't full, but it was a little busy. We had a nice young man, Layne, as a server. The entrees were really slow to come out. Once the food arrived it looked appealing but the taste was "ok"  and not really worth the wait. I'm not saying don't visit, just be prepared and don't expect much in the area of taste.I don't hang out in this part of town much but maybe I should. Very cool setting in an industrial building, Delicious (the hanger steak ++). Not expensive. Interesting wine list. Great desserts.
A bit of a big city vibe but definitely without the attitude.Great service and the food was delicious. The raw veggie salad was incredible. Doesn't sound like much, but it was beautiful and fresh. The duck risotto with duck cracklin was amazing. Cute place.Great Oysters, Super fresh burrata, black linguine seafood dish, duck pasta, chocolate terrine.  Portion sizes were great for sharing or not.  Great bottle of a delicious french blend.  Quaint anc cozy atmosphere and great service.  Nothing not to love!I really like this place, I have been a few times with friends and cannot complain!  The raw bar/menu is perfect I've tried it all. It's loud, perfect for groups and has large and small plate options.  I recommend the larger if you want meal, the smaller plates will leave you hungry even with an appetizer.I was unsure of how to review Mariza. On the one hand, the ambience is great, with lovely service. The cocktails were delish, as was the wine we tried (Frappato). And the dishes were all prepared with fresh and high-quality ingredients. You could really taste it. 
HOWEVER, we felt that the prices (high!) and portion sizes (small!) were worth noting, and I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars for this reason. (I'm baffled that so few/none of the previous commenters mentioned this!) We were truly caught off guard by how un-generous the portions were. Why, for example, does Mariza not serve bread to start, or even give much bread with salads/apps? We shared the bresaola salad and had to ask for bread, as it came with two tiny pieces (my husband is Italian, and we can confidently say that Italians eat their cured meat with bread). We ordered the hanger steak with peperonata and pesto, which was delicious and we felt reasonably priced at $24. Our server then noted that the steak comes alone, with no sides, and recommended the vegetable side of the day. Fine, it's a steak entree and the price seemed too good to be true, so we said yes. How disappointing when the vegetables arrived in their little skillet and, for $5, we received seven or eight green beans and five small slices of sweet potato. As food lovers, we fully recognize the care that goes into selecting and preparing prized ingredients, but this just seemed miserly. As I mentioned, everything tasted great, but it was not an occasion for getting full. 
Perhaps we went on an off night. Maybe things are usually different. However, this is worth keeping in mind for any young people saving to go out for a special occasion. Maybe this spot simply isn't catering to us!I was in town for business last night, and was on the hunt for a yummy American restaurant with a) a cool atmosphere and b) good parking options. This was perfect!
I ordered a drink called the Tulio - obsessed! Comes in a champagne flute and had a great fruity flavor. The bartender was great too - incredibly friendly but didn't chat too much.
I then ordered the raw veggie salad and the potato and broccoli gnocchi with kale pesto. I loved both! The raw veggie salad did, though, have an overwhelming onion flavor that I could have done without, and the gnocchi boasted butternut squash but very little was actually present in the dish. 
Overall, though, I did enjoy everything. Plus, as a complete food nerd, I realized the chef was a competitor I recognized from Food Network star - very neat!I broke the rules. 
When you first walk in, you'll be greeted by a sign that says NO SMARTPHONES. I sneaked my phone out and slyly checked in, but I have no pictures of this fantastic dining experience. It's too bad. Everything was certainly pretty.
This is a modern take on Italian dining. The space is very warehouse cool, with heavy wood farm tables, including some communal dining tables, low lights, and high exposed ceilings. It's It definitely blends into the background without begging your attention, and sets the stage for all eyes to be on the food. It's on trend, but not stuffy. It's super sexy farmhouse chic.  It's a little bit loud, maybe from all those people shouting at each other across the big communal tables, or maybe because the cocktails are so good, or maybe it's just the space. 
Mariza doesn't take reservations. When we arrived about 8pm on a Thursday, they had only the communal dining tables available, and my more experienced hosts made the point that they can be a little harder hear everyone, so we waited about 20-30 minutes at the bar for an open table. The bartender was providing great service and mixing fantastic cocktails, so it was a great way to start the night. They had a speciality cocktail for the evening called a Pom de Leon, featuring pomegranate liqueur. It was chilly, fruity, and refreshing after a hot and humid day walking around New Orleans.  
When we moved to the table, we started with the red snapper crudo from the raw bar to continue the trend of chilled and refreshing. It was the prefect way to start the meal. The subtle cucumber and mint cooly highlighted the natural snapper flavor without overwhelming it. My taste buds were primed and ready when my hangar steak showed up. I'd heard excellent things about the hangar steak from Morgan F (actually, about the crudo, too - this is why you go with a local), and she did not lie. It was so tender that it fell apart. It was rich and meaty without being a monster of a dish. Quality over quantity always. I switched to red wine during dinner, and the two flavors balanced each other perfectly for an intense and vibrant flavor explosion. The steak comes with a trifecta of ohmygodyes enhancements in the way of pesto, tapenade, and bruschetta. Is there any other way to do contemporary Italian? The dish was salty, meaty, herby, and vivid in a perfect balance. I couldn't finish all of my food, but I kept wanting to shovel it in because each bite was so wonderful. 
I'm glad I paused my vacuum eating action because a) this isn't Golden Corral or anything and b) there's a gorgeous dessert menu. We split the night's dessert special which was a blueberry thyme tart. The juicy blueberries were emphasized by the fresh thyme, which topped a velvety, sweet custard filling. The tart crust was a little too crisp for a fork alone, and when I went to try to take pieces off, they often broke noisily and messily, making it a little difficult to share. A slightly more fork-tender crust would've made everything perfect, but as is, it was still incredibly delicious. 
The night I went, the service could've been a little better, but it's my understanding our waitress was under the weather, and the food was so good that I almost didn't notice. Mariza is highly recommended as cool group hangout or an intimate date.Really good food and awesome restaurant. Everything on the menu sounds amazing - it was hard to pick what to order. Mariza is in the Bywater and actually has it's own parking lot (free parking) which is super nice. It is a bit dark/dim inside but it has lovely decor and isn't too loud even with the restaurant full. I would recommend to make a reservation if you can as it is a very popular spot - I just called to make one the night of and it worked. 
Now for the food - we ordered the Burrata Crostini, Wild Boar Tagliatelle, Pappardelle Bolognese, and the special of the night (A tuna cake - a play on a traditional crab cake) and everything was delicious and came in generous portions. Would definitely come back here again in the future!I wanted to take a date to a cool, trendy Bywater restaurant. Where did I turn to find such a place? Yelp, of course. Mariza was exactly the kind of place I was looking for.
It was bustling pretty well on this Friday night so we had to start at the bar while waiting for a table. Date had a glass of wine while I had one of their specialty martinis. It was tasty and powerful, especially on my empty stomach. :) Though we were told it would take 45 minutes to be seated, it was really more like 20 and we ended up at a great table right by the window with lots of privacy.
Now, on to the food. To start, we got the cheese plate. Yum. Cheese is delicious. Then we got the green taglietelle, which was tasty. The short ribs rigatoni was even better since the meat was super tender. We also had a tuna special that was really good. It was like a tare tare kind of thing with some great flavor and freshness. The service was fine and the prices were reasonable.
It was fun to venture into the Bywater and discover this spot. I'd go back again, though there are so many interesting places to try that doubling up almost seems silly. For Mariza, I'd be open to it.This was my first time visiting and last since it will be closing in a few days. I can't say that I would return if it remained open. 
The bartender was swamped and she made every effort to accommodate and get our drinks to us as quickly as possible. The hostess assisted with wines and drinks that didn't require mixing. I ordered the black linguine which was very tasty but took forever to come out. I noticed the lady sitting next to me ordered the same thing and seemed to have double the portion I ordered. We both ordered the entree serving. My pesto bread was cold and the server gave her fresh bread and me the cold oily bread. The couple dining while there made the excessive wait bearable with great conversation about other restaurant. 
Farewell.We are in New Orleans visiting our daughter.  As usual we are avoiding the tourist traps in the Quarter and hanging in her neighborhoods.  She lives in the St Roch and was a longtime resident of the funky Bywater hood.  Last night she said we needed to dine at Mariza, a Bywater restaurant that we had not visited before.  We were glad we did, the service, food and ambience were really good.  Our waiter, Isaiah, was friendly in a real way, not that patronizing "friendliness" that I usually find offensive.  The pace of the meal was just right.  The food was excellent although the menu was a bit limited.  The theme was more or less Italian.  My wife enjoyed her short ribs with rigatoni; my duck with pappardelle was tasty; and my daughter said her salad with cured meat was good but she wasn't crazy about the black linguini with crab and shrimp.   The room reminded me of San Francisco in the '70's, sand blasted brick walls, exposed ductwork, etc (but no ferns!).  Somehow the acoustics were fine.  The room was crowded but not very noisy.     We will be back, Mariza is cool.Simple well executed food. most new restaurants in this neighborhood are trying to hard with weird combinations that sometimes are good but all to often are just weird. Great to finally have a chef in the hood who can put together some classic flavors in new ways that just taste great. Price, ambiance and drinks are great. Ride your bike there if you can or better yet walk. Just be careful not to park at nocca or you could get towed.I like this place.  The food was good, but not outstanding.  Nice choices and the food's freshness, preparation and display was all nice. I did go when it was really busy. This is not a quite place. It is really noisy. I think mainly because of the building design.  The staff was friendly enough, but could have been a little more attentive.  And we were sitting at the bar.  Overall, it was a good experience, but it is down my list of restaurants to dine in New Orleans.  There are just too many that are so outstanding in this city for me to rush back here.,I 2615 orc 00c. 00c 
5 Sq8 200 rro)zf vj5vj55656666666666 6 vj5vj55656666666666m
cu 6 zz red the ysamesameu samesameu0k in to 1 8 200Came here for my birthday. I had been dying to try this spot! It was a Friday night, we had reservations for 8pm. Upon walking in the restaurant was rather busy. Hostess was nowhere to be found, i did look on the reservation book and saw the name the reservation was under. Finally about 2 minutes later the hostess reappeared. She got our info and told us she'd be back while she helped another party. A minute later we were seated closer to the bar area in a little high table area. Spot was cute, cozy. Our waitress was okay. Nice but not like she really wanted to be there. The food menu was small. I was craving lasagna but they only had vegetable :(. We wanted an appetizer but the appetizer menu was just really small. Wish they would've had a caprese salad. We ended up going with the black linguini which had crabmeat . We opted for the large because we wanted to share. It was good but could've used a little bit of spice, the pizza we wanted the mushroom wild boar sausage but they were out. The waitress suggested that we get the chorizo instead. We waited for our food for about 40 minutes but it was honestly worth the wait! Thank god we listened to our waitress about the pizza! Nothing but deliciousness!!!! If this place only sold pizza they would still do amazing! One of the best pizza that i have ever had !!!! Overall i would like to come back for happy hour on a weekday when it's less crowded.Hi, 
I hate to review a place that has delicious food and to the staff that have been nice in the past yet not always that nice... honestly now that I think about it some of the people that work here are quite snobby. (I do not like to say this) it breaks my heart.  This time was extra rude and insulting. There is one particularly woman that might stand but I don't want to continue on with this rant. Don't be rude. That is all.Great crudo and the fresh oysters were succulent and had a very interesting delicious sherry dip. Every entree was outstanding and memorable, rib eye, ravioli, confit, gnocchi- all fantastic!  The desserts also stood out. Pricing on the wines and cocktails are also very reasonable.
Cheers to the Chef!
And also great service, so cheers to the waitstaff and bar.
My only complaints are that the acoustics amplify all the sound and could be greatly improved, and the AC was blowing directly on our table even though it was 55 degrees outside.My boyfriend and I ate at Mariza Saturday night and the experience was absolutely lovely from top to bottom.  The atmosphere is slightly industrial but warmed with glowing candles and comfy service.  We were pleasantly greeted and promptly sat by the host.  Our servers name was Sara and she was super cute, informative, and delivered exceptional service.  
We ordered the Burrata Crostini and Tomatoes with basil pesto, shoots and sprouts.  I could eat this appetizer every day for lunch and never tire of its perfection.  The cheese was soft and fluffy atop a superbly crunchy crostini.  The tomato was so red it was nearing purple and it burst with flavor.  I am not always the biggest fan of pesto because it can be a little too herbacious but this pesto was light and amazingly complimentary.  
I ordered the short rib rigatoni pasta and it was delectable.  The short rib gravy was top-notch and the rigatoni pasta was cooked just right.  My boyfriend had the fish of the day which was redfish with a fennel salad and lemon vinaigrette.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the salad was a perfect accompaniment to the fish.  I enjoyed watching my boyfriend dive into that fish - he even ate the tail.  I just kept looking over at him smirking because you could see his eyes glazed over in redfish heaven.  
The appetizer and entrees were so spectacular that we had to try dessert.  We ordered the chocolate terrine with sea salt, olive oil and candied orange.  This dessert was truly the most gorgeous blend of flavors.  The chocolate terrine was soft yet fudge-like and the olive oil and sea salt were perfect additions.  The candied orange was so beautiful because it was the thinnest slice of orange you have ever seen and then tasted like candied-orange-rindy deliciousness.  
We most definitely shall return!This is a review where I'd like separate stars for different aspects of the experience. 
Food - 4 stars
Service - 3.5 stars
Ambiance - 4 stars
It's a no-reservations place and since everyone wants to eat dinner at 8PM, we were the sassy cosmopolitan crew with a 9PM seating. Tall tables, which I hate for an entire meal. Sure, we could have waited, but then it would have been the 10PM seating. Our server was lovely, but since the kitchen was stil slammed, it seemed we waited for items longer than usual. 
Small plates? Small Plates. Nothing is shareable, unless you're eating with people who pretend not to eat. Two slices on the red snapper crudo appetizer? Really? I had the larger portion of one of the pastas, which seemed like the small portion of one of the pastas. Our cocktails tasted good, but were served incorrectly - a Salty Dog is on the rocks. I didn't get the martini glass, unless we were supposed to drink them faster (while cold), so were run up our tab...
Look, the food tasted great and the lighting is stellar for those seeking romance. It's certainly not a break-up place; the acoustics are poor,so you'd have to scream, "It's not you, it's me" for all to hear. I'll go back when I'm not hungry.Wow. So nice to have a completely original meal in NOLA. Impeccable service, thanks Isaiah, incredible fresh food well served and the restaurant itself is not loud, and is very family friendly while still being trendy. Overall we loved it and will definitely go back."Our introduction to the Pontchatoula Strawberry"
Pontchatoula Strawberries! and Softshell crabs! As a so-cal guy, we don't truly understand seasons. Coming to Nola in May and experiencing things at their peak brings true understanding to why we can't have things year around. Mariza is a great food, local establishment. I wouldn't recommend this place to tourists as it's not about the tourist here. It's about local and creativity. The food here is very well thought out, beautiful, and Italian.
Ambience
It's a very modern environment with little hints of character around. They have a hidden room in the back left hand corner, which is great for large groups that would like to keep it intimate. The restaurant itself is like a pearl within a clam. The surrounding neighborhood is not as inviting as it looks the part of a movie. We had walked here from our hotel in the CBD. It was 1.7 miles and took about 31 min. We wish we could take it back. If weather permits, take the walk as it is less then 1 mile from the French Market. If not, definitely Uber or taxi it there. Dress is more business casual.
Price $$
I used $$ because the portions for someone like myself is a bit small so I had to order a bit more then those around me. Was well worth it though as you may want to try a few more dishes. You are paying for quality vs. quantity but the quality well outweighs the concern of getting value.
Food
Alabama Oysters 4/5
Gulf oysters were readily available and the Alabama oysters were something I knew I had to try. They have this amazing hot sauce that just goes great with everything they have. Be careful as it is vinegar base. They give you a marinara cocktail sauce and shallot mignonette. Perfect and various combinations to be had.
Softshell Crab Salad 10/5
Seasonal item. Really amazing use of a truly great local ingredient. It was pecan dusted and not overwhelmingly greasy. Flavor was intact and was complemented by all pieces of this dish. The dressing was truly amazing as it is a constant theme in a few of our dishes. It was the same dressing that ran throughout but it transformed with the dish that it came with.
Burrata Crostini 10/5
Perfect dish and great amount of Burrata. Generally, places would give a small amount of this amazing substance. If you have never had burrata this is your best chance to enjoy one of life's great pleasures.
Squash Gnocchi 4/5
These were as pillowy as you would like your gnocchi to come out but for my wife and I we felt it was missing more of the charred green onions to bring that sharp bite to contrast the richness of the gnocchi and sauce.
Fresh Mozzarella Pizza 3/5
This was decently crafted with the shaved fennel and fresh arugula on top. The cheese melted well and they gave a good amount. Crust and dough left something to be desired. (ie Domenica dough and bread on point)
Panna Cotta of the Day
Pontchatoula Strawberries w/ Vanilla Panna Cotta 5/5
This is where we developed our crush on this amazing strawberry. Great balance and soft portion. Not overly indulgent and not typical to the scene when you think Nola. Maybe that is why we enjoyed it that much more because we wouldn't get something like this a mile away?
Future Dish
Squid Ink Pasta
My wife really really wants to try this dish next time if we ever make it back here!
Drink
N/A
Service
Outstanding service. Knowledgable staff and very sociable. Had a great time and did not feel like they were being overbearing or like we had to grab their attention at all. It was like they knew the amount that we needed. 5/5Amazing unique dishes.  Excellently prepared.  Nice atmosphere with rustic industrial look. Small portions is the con. The dishes left me wanting a cheeseburger after though, so have a backup food spot after or don't arrive starving.  I ate my way though the menu after coming here a few times :Great flavors at great prices! Duck confit that makes you want to cry tears of joy. Whole fish is as good as I've had. "Right side of the tracks" is a delicious cocktail that will kick you in the ass if you have 2 or 3 or 4! Service is friendly and attentive. 
Atmosphere is modern without being sterile. Only suggestions I can think of are: figure out a deal with NOCCA or Rice Mill for parking, and the hydraulic door mechanisms on the bathrooms close painfully slowly when you need to go! Alas, a great new addition from the wonderful folks behind Iris restaurant.Don't bother coming for a last meal memory. From the kitchen to the wait staff..they are mailing it in. 
Owners should do their customers and their reputation a favor and shut it down now.Nice ambiance.  Salads fresh and not overpowered with the cured meats that are added.
Specked trout I had was freshest since I fished in Hopedale myself...Worth the drive! Or however you commute. Everything is fresh and delicious, I recommend sharing, as you really do want to try as much as you can in one sitting. The restaurant is beautiful and sets right on the water off the Mississippi, the wine list is excellent, the cocktails are well made, the raw bar is a must, just come here, I'm pointing you in the right direction.  Me and my girlfriend literally have to request off Tuesday evening from our jobs just so we can come and eat here.Black linguine with shrimp and crawfish was out of this world. I tasted my friends dishes, and everything was fabulous. The service was a little slow, but we didn't mind because it was friendly and a nice ambience. I will be back to try some other dishes!Oh, Mariza! What happened to you? You used to be one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans, but last Wednesday night I was surprised time after time again about the unprofessionalism. The food was still great, but there was something strange going on with the waitstaff. It almost seemed like everyone had just quit and people were taken off the street to fill in last minute. I didn't recognize anyone there, and everyone seemed perturbed to be there.
Our server seemed absolutely confused and flustered as if she just didn't care a smidge about being there. She was nice enough, but she made a remark about having to say the specials for the millionth time (but then stumbled over the words while reading them?). Everything we ordered she had to ask us to repeat as if she had never read the menu, and then readily admitted she had been there for only 2 weeks. But the Mariza I knew had every server memorize and be able to describe in detail, each item, before serving. 
I also ordered 2 glasses of wine: a Tempranillo (which frankly didn't taste like one when brought out) and then a Albarino (I know, weird order, but pretty common wines). Both orders gave her a scared look on her face as if she had no idea what they were and the 2nd time had me point out my wine on the menu, shrugging as if she had no clue how to remember what I said. When she came back to the table the last time, she asked if I could explain the wines to her. She said she knew nothing except PBR. Mariza! How can you do this to your waitstaff? Prepare them.
Weirdest of all, there were no bussers. Which meant our app plates sat on our table the entire meal, the menus for the majority of it, our glasses left even after we ordered new drinks... Just... what in the world, Mariza?!I just discovered this place and I've already been there twice within one week! I really enjoy "wine bar" style places. This place has a beautiful interior decor design. Very pleasing to the eyes style lighting. The workers are super cool and friendly. 
The meat and cheese plate is something I look for around the city. I have a mental list of places that offer meat and cheese plates and I try to hit up one of these places when I dine alone. 
So far, I've brought two of my girlfriends here. Very much looking forward to bringing my husband.I simply  this place! Great atmosphere but it's quite dark. The staff are warm and friendly. I literally crave the fish that they offer there. That has to be on my top ten favorite New Orleans dishes list. They also have a great wine and cocktail list.I've been trying to make more of an effort to make it out to the Bywater and Mariza has been on my list of places to try for a while. The inside is very nice with a clean and simple style.. It reminded me of a modern and trendy loft with natural wood and dim lighting. Bar area was beautiful was well. It isn't the typical white table cloth, violin playing in the background italian place. It's like a modern italian place in a warehouse and fits in with the artsy feel of the Bywater.  We ordered the red snapper crudo was an appetizer which was perfect. Perfect everything really. Perfect seasoning, perfect garnish and perfect pesto sauce. For my entree i ordered their short rib rigatoni which was also made to perfection. My only problem was it was too small. I did order the small portion but it was way too small.. like 4 noodles, a piece of beef and a mushroom. And I didn't think it was worth the price. Though the taste was excellent, the portion size is the reason for the 4/5 rating and not 5/5 rating. If I were to go back I'd probably try their pizza as those were flying out kitchen and seemed to be the popular thing to get. 
Quick note on the seating: they have these long communal tables. I do think they look nice and go with the design and feel of the place but it may be off putting to some.  (Though my friend and I missed out on the fun of eating with complete strangers as we sat and ordered at the bar). Great if you are with a large group of people, probably not for an intimate date night.I've been here a couple of times and on both occasions, the squid-ink pasta was delicious. 
The service was very good as well. Always greeted when walked in and the waiters/waitresses seem to enjoy there job.
The price is on the higher side but manageable. Roughly, a dinner for two can run from about $40 upward.Went there twice in March, and will be back as soon as possible!
I tried the tuna carpaccio (delicious), and the burrata (to die for!). But the best is their chocolate terrine; a sort of flourless chocolate cake sprinkled with sea salt and olive oil!Everything- service, food, atmosphere was spot on. 
Lauren, our server, basically picked every course for us and could not have been better skilled for it. We were so pleased with every aspect of this restaurant that we couldn't recommend it more. Do yourselves a favor, check out Mariza. You will not regret it.So my husband and I had date night here a few nights ago.  We ate at the bar and were so impressed.  Our service was great and the feel of the restraunt was wonderful.  The huge windows look out over the river, so sunset was the perfect time to dine there.  Our favorites were the red snapper crudo and the lamb meatballs.  But really, there wasn't anything we had that we didnt really enjoy.  I think what we were most impressed with was that we had around 8 dishes, a bottle of wine and two rounds of cocktails for only $120!  We will definitely be back!One of our favorite places in town. Tucked away where the Marigny meets the Bywater is this great little restaurant. Great options on the drink menu; if they have the sangria special -- get it! The hangar steak and sweetbread risotto were our favorites last time. The gnocchi and duck papardelle have been repeat orders as well. If you want to venture outside of the quarter to a cozy spot with delicious food -- this is your spotI love Mariza! It's one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I've brought several different types of groups here on numerous occasions, and everyone is always impressed. To me, the ambience is very cozy and inviting, despite the industrial architecture. Some of my favorite menu items are the burratta, lamb meatballs, and black linguini. The only downside to me is that they don't take reservations, but we've never had to wait long for a table, so it's never been a problem.Seriously, go here. Best meal I've had in a long time and it surprised me. Got the oysters which came with a mignonette that was amazingly chock full of fresh horseradish. Then I got two specials: tuna nicoise deconstructed on bruschetta and a beet and herb pasta. Dear lord. Everything about both dishes was spot on. The tuna had the perfect amount of olive oil and the pasta was cooked properly and so creative. I cannot wait to go back.Great food, ambiance, and wine and cocktail list. The pepperoni soup is a must try and their pizza may be my favorite in town. Their menu is made for sharing and their prices are extremely reasonable!The food and cocktails are excellent. I'm looking forward to trying a pasta dish next time. They always have good daily specials that I end up choosing instead of something on the menu! It's always worth it though.I haven't written on Yelp in years, but I've had humble wonderful Mariza on my mind lately and needed a place to sing its praises.  
Full disclosure, I work in the restaurant industry here in New Orleans, and I have a pretty good pulse on the scene.
Mariza is a gem. The food is delicious and lovely, served in a way that is understated, but all the more impressive because the food speaks for itself. Unique combinations that aren't what we see every day, but harken back to true Italian country food that so many american restaurants can't seem to tap into. So at this cozy spot you can eat a dish of rustic wild boar pasta, with a side of chic city cocktail if you so choose. 
The staff is genuinely friendly and down to earth, they offer excellent service. 
And one note about prices: for those who feel that they aren't getting their money's worth? Try to find a meal of this caliber + ambience + service for the price anywhere else in this city. I eat so many places where tiny portions of mediocre food cost an arm and a leg. The value here is right for a hip neighborhood in a big city that is world famous for delicious food.  
Keep up the good work Mariza! You are thoughtfully and well done, and have adoring fans out there.It had been a horrible week, really horrible. But I did have a visit to Mariza to look forward to. It turned out to be as good as expected. I'll start with the space itself, a really well done contempo looking place. I was lucky enough to snag a nice two top by the window away from the middle part of the room which is really crowded and noisy. The scene was cool too, a great confabulation of interesting people. One plus was there were a lot of really beautiful women dressed very nicely. My dining companion fit right in. 
We ordered drinks first, a special sangria with pureed peaches. It was good, but a little sweet for me so the DC finished mine (she is all about peaches). I switched to wine and had a great white Bordeaux and a red Barbera phenomally priced at $7. 
For food we tasted the tuna carpaccio, goat ricotta bruschetta with caponata, and 2 pastas- duck ragout with tagliatelle and short rib rigatoni. It was all delicious, but we both agreed the pastas were outstanding. The DC liked the short rib a little better, I preferred the duck, but it was a close race. The difference-maker for me were the slices of smoked duck breast on top of the ragout. When I go back, it'll be hard not to re-order those pastas. They were that good. But I do want to try the pizzas which looked awesome.
The prices were very reasonable especially given the quality of the food. And parking is easy too. Can't wait until my next visit.This place is incredible and super reasonably priced for the quality. Don't be put off by no reservations, we usually have no problem getting in. 
I typically don't go wild for Italian food but Mariza just uses Italian themes as the foundation for their locally-sourced outstanding produce and proteins. My wife and I come here anytime we have something to celebrate and our go-to's are:
Tuna Carpaccio
Burratta (out of this world)
The veg gnocchi of the season
chocolate terrine.
Keep it up!!Really tasty cheese plate. All of the pasta is delicious. Nice ambiance. Good for a date. It was a little cold sitting near the door in the winter.Atmosphere:
Modern and elegant. Located in the Bywater in a beautiful warehouse renovated into apartments. This restaurant has high ceilings and dim romantic lighting. Music is not too loud, but upbeat to create a nice vibe. The restaurant manager frequently works as a host to make sure your intro and experience at the restaurant is off to a good start. Great for a date.  
Service:
I went by myself and sat at the bar because I was only there to satisfy one particular craving. The restaurant closes at 10 pm on Tuesdays, and I was sneaking in at 9:30 (no worries though, I was out the door at 10 on the dot; although many tables were still enjoying their dinning). The bartender was friendly and good to talk to. I had met him before on one of my craving visits. He kept my water filled and made me feel comfortable. Job well done.
Food:
Now to tell you what I was craving; the Burrata Crostini and Tomatoes!!!! So delicious, that sometimes I dream about it, other times I need to get myself out to that restaurant ASAP to eat one. It is exactly what it sounds like Burrata, drizzled with oil, on top of a crostini, on a bed of tomatoes, shoots and clover, accompanied by a basil pesto that draws a delicious design on the plate.  I have tried their other food before and it is delicious, BUT the Burrata keeps me coming back in that door more than the average person.  
That is all I have to say about the food for now. You should definitely go to this restaurant and try out their menu though!
Drinks: 
No drinks today. Water only policy during the week (the liver needs a break when you live in NOLA). They do make delicious signature cocktails though (pictured below). Although I do not recall the name of that particular cocktail, the bartender was kind enough to write down the ingredients for me and I have re-created it at home many times! 
Random:
Tenants in the Rice Mill Lofts are prohibited from altering the building's original graffiti. If you live in the Rice Mill you get the beauty of 
masonry brick walls, complete with the graffiti that was there when it was taken over for conversion. A really cool look for your home!Yes, yes, yes. Go go go. It was delicious, completely reasonably priced, all the flavors are interesting and meld well and the space is lovely. For a restaurant with high ceilings and a concrete floor, they do a nice job of sound deadening. It feels lively without being raucous.
What did we have...amazingly fresh Buratta on a crostini with a perfectly ripe sweet tomato....
Chanterelles with crispy duck skin and peas. Damn. And I'm not that fond of mushrooms!
Let's see, nice fresh Oysters with a nice mignotte, Duck Papardelle with smoked duck pieces and a crostini with pate on it. YES. SO nice. the richness of the pate and the very light tomato sauce. 
And the most unusual item, Pepperoni Soup. I know that sounds weird, but it was lovely. Kalamata olives and little pork meatballs in a spicy broth. It was really nice.
Finally the Hanger Steak. Delicious. Perfectly cooked and AMAZING. On top of another crostini (all delicious and garlicky) with tapenade and drizzled with delicious pesto. It sounds like an odd combination, but it TOTALLY works. 
All of that and two cocktails and the bill was $93. We live not far away and will definitely be going back.
We sat at the bar and ended up striking up a conversation with the people who came in part way through our meal and were sitting next to us. 
Oh yeah, and the no smartphones thing. Yes, please.Great service and lovely space, but this is not Italian food--it's new American tapas.  Rome by way of Eataly.  Portions are too small for the price (we are far away from NYC, after all).  No respectable Italian restaurant would serve any type of bird on a bed of greens--the bird is its own plate.  Raw veggie salad was underdressed, and, again, not remotely Italian.  Manco il nome! Love the staff and hope the food makes up its mind.Last night I finally tried this restaurant in the neighborhood and I definitely have waited too long to do so! It was delicious and the prices are really goo for the quality and portions.
My friend and I shared the pickled vegetable salad wich was good, but probably the least favorite thing I tried. I then had the red snapper crudo that I can't stop thinking about, it was sooooo good! My friend had the burrata and crostini and she liked a lot. I couldn't try it because of a gluten intolerance, but I was born and raised in Italy and I can tell you that looked exactly like what I'm used to eat over there and it is delicious.
As an entree I ordered the lamb belly over polenta with tomato sauce and it was heavenly.M y friend had the hanger steak and she loved it. We also ordered dessert, my panna cotta was good, but not fat enough compared to what I make and what I'm used to in Italy, my friend dessert was the chocolate terrine and it was really good.
The service was fast and attentive, and the price was very reasonable. They don't take reservations, but the wait wasn't too long even if they were very busy last night.Delicious! Got the black linguini, gnocchi, and flank steak for dinner. All were superb but the linguini was especially delicious. Also got the salumi appetizer which was good. For dessert we got the blueberry panna cotta, blueberry and satsuma sorbet, and flourless chocolate cake. I didn't taste the cake but the other two desserts were tasty. The satsuma sorbet was really exceptional. 
The service was not bad but left something to be desired.I was very excited about this new restaurant. We were there around 7:00 Pm place was busy. We were greeted by a man that looked like he slept on the clothes he was wearing all wrinkle not shaven not like a hosted should look like!! We were seated by the window and we ordered a Bottle of wine.. our waiter was very friendly and explain the special very nicely..  We had an appetizer wich was very nice (Goat cheese) my wife food was very good but mine was horrible. I had the Red Snapper wich came to the table Raw way under cooked plate was send back. And waiter said that the cheff was sorry but because place was busy he did not realize Fish was not cooked. 
Chef never came out to try to said sorry or anything. There was no intention of doing something for me the customer.  The reason I went to this restaurant is because their claim of fame is that they worked at Lilette but not even close to the type of service you get on Lilette.This is a nice place and follows the trend of restaurants in hotels and apartment buildings,but these are tiny tiny portions and its pretty pricey for that.Every oyster bar in the quarter has better quality cheaper oysters. I agree with the other diner that thought the fish should be deboned so you don't feel like you just bit into a pin cushion.
I have gone twice because we live close by but I have to say for the money and the portions there are far to many other places to try in this city.  Won't be going back anytime soon.
If you you must go try the hanger steak its better than average.Came here with a group of friends. The food (or at least what we had of it) was delicious. Unfortunately the service was so terrible we left before our entrees arrived. The server had a bad attitude from the beginning. It was at the end of a shift on Valentine's day- so forgivable. However, when we brought it to the managers attention he was defensive and rude. I worked as a front of house manager for a year and a half and dealt with some rude customers. I didn't even think we were being unreasonable (asking to order some appetizers before our entrees). However, rather than trying to smooth things over, the manager was defensive and tried to make us pay for food we hadn't even received. No matter how good the food is, it isn't worth the horrible service.The only reason I don't give this restaurant 5 stars is that is tends to be too crowded and loud for me.  And that is because it has such great food and ambiance that everyone else wants to hang out there, too.  I could eat the gnocchi, especially the potato gnocchi with kale pesto, every night and never get tired of it.  The salads are fresh, unique, and flavorful as well.  The pizzas are also excellent.  Since I don't each much meat, I wish there were a few more veggie entrees but it also gives me a chance to sample of couple of small plates instead.  Love the polenta in particular.  It's the kind of place where you can spend a whole lot of money or get out relatively cheaply if you're not just starved going in.  Very glad to have it within walking distance of my house.Let's start with the good. Really beautiful space. Loved the exposed brick and the sleek, sophisticated feel throughout. Located under the equally sleek Rice Mill Lofts (I so wanted to live here but had to find a place before they were finished building..) You forget for a second that you're in New Orleans. Kitchen and raw bar opens to the crowd so you can see them working their magic. The servers were very friendly. One of my friends didn't like his cocktail so they brought him a martini instead, and they insisted it be free of charge.
The menu was mouth watering. Everything looked delicious, and we tried a little bit of it all... the oysters and the yellowfin tuna carpaccio. Gulf oysters are.. meh. The tuna was fine, simple. Unfortunately we waited nearly an hour for any food to come out and half way through the raw items, the rest of the food was placed in front of us all at once. Next up, goat ricotta bruschetta, I enjoyed this and recommend it! Wish it was a little bit of a larger portion though.. it is literally a singular bruschetta. Followed by... black linguini with shrimp and crab, which was pretty good, and duck ragout papardelle with liver mousse, only so so. The problem was that we ordered large portions of everything, but even split between three people meant only one or, at max, two bites each.
There you have it, a smattering from across the menu, but nothing I would ever go back for. Still, it's a beautiful restaurant and worth checking out.I love the food at Mariza. But I have been twice, and the service has been really strange both times. The servers weren't necessarily rude or anything. I just feel like we don't communicate very well.
During my last visit, I was with my mom and my friend L. We were still trying to figure out what all to order but we knew that we wanted to get the appetizer special, which was a crostini with poached tuna. So when our server came back to our table, we said that we'd like to have the crostini. And the server says really loudly in response, "Just one?!" with her hand signaling the number one. If I were in a bad mood, I think I might've taken that as her being rude cuz she didn't think we would order more food, but I was in a great mood so I was more forgiving. And looking back, too, I think she was just clarifying that we just wanted one order of the crostini. I wouldn't have responded the way she did, but oh well.
Then she came back to take the rest of the order. I am so in love with the fresh Mozzarella pizza at Mariza, so it was imperative that we order it. We also ordered the fried whole fish, which was snapper, and the duck three ways pasta. Before we had settled on the duck pasta dish, L mentioned this dish and asked the server, "do you guys have bread?" And to this the server responded, "we don't do bread service." L clarified that she was not asking about bread service, but rather whether the kitchen had bread available for her to request so she could enjoy it with her pasta. Our server did not understand and kept repeating that there was no bread service a couple more times before saying that the pasta dishes come with crostini. Again, I was in a great mood this night, so I was the peacemaker, but I think this server needs some training in listening to the customer and understanding what is being asked.
The food is amazing. We got the smaller portion fried fish, but it was still a good sized fish. When it was brought to the table, I double checked to make sure it was the small and was told that it was. The pizza was as good as I remembered it from my first visit, and the duck pasta was delicious as well.
The food is very good and the location is convenient for me, so I'll definitely be back, if only for that fresh mozz pizza. I just wish that the next time I'm there, I'll be able to communicate with the server without too much of an effort.Two words: Lamb Belly. Two more: Buratta Crostini(I may have spelled that incorrectly). Seriously. I went for my birthday, and then I made my date take me back one week later. And then I made my roommate go for her birthday the week after that. Soothing ambience, really good cocktails...the service has always been spot on. And there's a parking lot!With it being Valentine's Day, we were looking for a restaurant we were hoping was away from all the crazy madness this holiday brings. We came across this place via Yelp when we did a search of the area near home. We also couldn't wait to try something new. 
Upon walking in I noticed and appreciated the way they converted this old warehouse building. Exposed beams and bricks are always a favorite of mine. The steel lighting fixtures were also a nice touch. The rustic dining tables and chairs appealed to me as well. Although we didn't sit at one of them, I especially liked that they offer communal tables. 
Going into it I wasn't sure what to expect when it would come time for me to order because of my dietary restrictions. After looking over the menu the vegetable lasagna immediately stood out to me and I knew that would be my choice. Our waiter did mention another meat free option which was their veggie pizza but I already did had my mind made up. She then went on to rattle off the menu specials for the day (very impressive) and describe each one for my partner who was undecided at the time. Once we finished ordering food we started on the drinks. Not sure if I had Julia's cup or the Bywater Manhattan but it was fine. Our food didn't take long at all. We finished it off with their house made lemon sorbet as dessert. 
I really, really enjoyed my lasagna. The way they prepared it gave it a pie like feel. It had an array of vegetables and pesto sauce that was perfect. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed my meal that much. My partner's food (a special tuna entree) looked equally as good but her portion seemed small compared to mine. 
We both really enjoyed our food and the ability to just walk in without reservations for that popular day and we plan to return soon.Another great addition to the downtown/bywater restaurant scene. Came tonight and was treated to several very tasty dishes served up in a really classy but comfortable environment. I had the short rib pasta. It was great. I wanted to slurp up the remaining juice ramen style but felt it might raise an eyebrow. Friend's veggie salad was great as well as our yellowfin carpaccio. We got to sample a couple tasty bits of the cheese and meat plate offerings (meat's cured by the owner I was told). Everything was awesome and I can't wait to go try everything I saw being served up, (hanger steak is next!) The only weird part of the place is you have to walk down this very long ramp to get back to your car/bike/sidewalk.. Not a deal breaker by any means though. 
Oh, very affordable for the level of food/service. Wouldn't be surprised if they hike the prices up in the future.. ;(I went here on a Friday night, and though it was packed we got seated in 5 minutes! The space is fantastic and our waitress was beyond helpful.  
Ordered: goat cheese bruschetta, red snapper crudo, mozzerella pizza, lardo pizza, and the chocolate dessert.  The only thing that wasn't  totally amazing was the goat cheese bruschetta, but probably because once you have one bite of the snapper crudo the bar gets raised super high.  The crudo was excellent, everyone must order this! Also, the lardo pizza was delicious! It's not described that well on the menu, but definitely order it because the pickled peppers with the buttery bacon-like lardo and white sauce is super decadent, but not too rich.  Mozzarella pizza was great as well.  Obviously the chocolate dessert was yummy with sea salt and olive oil, it was the perfect end to a great dinner!We went for the first time on a Sturday evening and it was a little crowded an noisy.. but that is to be expected.  We were seated at our table with out to long of a wait at the bar. The food was great!...  We started with a cheese board and an order of Bruschetta.. both were wonderful... my first entre was the black linguni with shrimp and crab...  I have to say that five months ago we took a trip to Sicily.. and if I had closed my eyes while eating Marisia's linguni, I could have sworn that I was still in that resturant on the beach in southern Sicily!
My second was pizza, but by then I was too stuffed to enjoy the whole pizza.. Over all a great experiance.... and one that makes me long for another trip to Italy.  I only give one star  less than five for the crowd and the noise, but what can you expect from a popular new place like Mariza!Great food with a rustic, classy, and dim atmosphere. The place also has PARKING in the Bywater !!! WHOOP WHOOP!! Getting there around 6:30 on a Friday night the Maitre d' opened the door for us and we were seated right away. First thing I noticed was a private dinning room with maroon benched seating; that I would love to book for a group of my friends (wonder if I could since they don't take reservations hum..?). I would love to go back and try more but for my first time I stuck with the YELPer's  suggestions and as usual they did not steer me wrong. For example the Bursts crostini and the black linguine you cant go wrong. If you just get that your a happy sailor! I'm a chocolate girl even though I read great things about the panna cotta' so stuck with chocolate and I was just as happy with my flowerless chocolate cake. I love the light approach to Italian food. I didn't leave feeling uncomfortable and stuffed. Dinner portions fits the price point and wont break the bank. Hope you try it and enjoy!Mariza is a close as New Orleans gets to A16 (San Francisco) with it's simple but elevated presentation of Italian inspired cuisine prepared with flair and finesse. The first time I dined there, I took a seat at the bar and took in the handsomely appointed dining room and open air kitchen. The converted industrial space suits the restaurant beautifully. I was able to observe the kitchen and how each dish was prepared with elegant precision and hand-kissed with just the right touch of seasoning or a brushstroke of pesto perhaps. In this kitchen, otherwise tired dishes like bruscetta, tomato and cheese salads, and even meatballs are prepared with the hearth and passion of a home kitchen but also presented with artistic grace and attention to detail. Savory salumi, unctuous cheese, impeccable produce, and terrific flavor combinations punctuate each offering. I'd give the place 9 out of 10, with the only glitches being minor technical service issues. A great new restaurant!This place is amazing. It is off the beaten path a little and is a nice walk from the French Quarter. The restaurant itself is very nice looking and modern. The food was perfectly proportioned and very creative. I had the burrata for my starter and had the duck ragu for dinner. For desertI had the chocolate thing that I can't recall the name of but it was great. I can't stop saying nice things about this place. It is also close to Franklin Ave where you can listen to really good live music. It's a must go!!First, the place is beautiful with brick and romantic-esque mood lighting, so it's a great place to take a date because everyone looks super-attractive under these conditions. My husband and I went on a Friday night and was seated promptly, the wait-staff super-friendly and knowledgeable.  
I started out with a drink-special - a grapefruit gin-fizz, which was bright and lovely. For the first course I ordered a ravioli special, which I devoured, it was so good ... it consisted of homemade pasta, meat and gorgonzola cheese in a creamy sauce ... and my husband had the pepperoni soup, which he really enjoyed. Next I had the fried polenta and he had the bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin (which he loved). I'm a bit obsessed with grits and/or polenta and am always looking for the perfect dish of starchy, creamy-goodness ... and this polenta was amaze-balls. A nice crispy-fried exterior and soft creaminess inside, made even better with the tomato-based sauce that comes with it and a soft pile of freshly grated cheese on top. It's seriously good stuff. 
And for dessert we had the chocolate terrine, which had a little sprinkle of sea salt to really bring out the flavor of the dark chocolate. I would order it again for dessert in a second. Though they had a strawberry panna cotta that sounded amazing too. Sigh ... I guess I'll just have to go back. 
I really honestly have nothing bad to say about this place, which is a surprise because it's pretty much brand-spanking new. And I can't say enough how excited I am to have a nice Italian joint with homemade pasta and gnocci pop up in my hood. I'm seriously looking forward to returning and trying new things but I'm not sure if I can tear myself away from that fried polenta. Damn, that was good.Cool place. The decor is nice and the service is very good. For me the food was good, but not great. I was expecting exceptional, but only received good. There was nothing wrong with the food, I think my expectations were very, very high which contributed to me not being impressed. 
I had the hanger steak and it was very good, the second time it came out. First time it came it the steak was room temperature. The waiter was very quick to bring it back and warm it up. 
Overall it was a nice experience, but I don' think we will go back.This is by far one of the best meals my husband and I have had in New Orleans In a while and we just went to August two weeks ago. 
We tried:
Burrata- one hundred percent recommend. Cheese was so soft and just amount of salty served w fresh tomato
Short rib rigatoni- delicious , would order a large next time. Wish we had more bread to sop up the sauce. Was like a stew but with really good pasta
Duck pappardelle - good but preferred the short rib
Whole fish- snapper was fish of the day. AWESOME. Recommend. Delicious. And such a great price. Would be $35 in the quarter 
Duck confit- comes w one leg but a good size after all the other dishes. Perfectly done and paired with a very savory and sweet salad w a light vinegar tre dressing. Loved it
Watermelon sorbet- tasted like frozen slushy watermelon. So good. A big serving and only $5
Chocolate terrine- basically chocolate soft fudge topped with sea salt. Recommend getting both desserts and mixing
All this plus a glass of wine and top shelf Martini was $103 with tax. Pretty amazing. And VERY GOOD. 
A lot of newer restaurants we try once an maybe don't go back. We will be back.Food was delicious! Ate the duck confit and thoroughly enjoyed it. My only qualm was the disappointing cheese plate. All in all, this Italian fusion restaurant is well worth the visit.We waited to be seated at the bar and we had the cocktail special of the night. We met the sous chef (very polite and friendly from Cuba) who suggested the best dishes. Modern atmosphere and cool dishes. Must try the chocolate cake with olive oil and salt.Had a great time on our visit. My boyfriend and I split the burrata crostini, the short rib rigatoni and the braised lamb belly. It was the perfect amount of food to split after an afternoon of walking around the neighborhood. Lamb belly is a must order..delicious! We went early (6PM) and were instantly sat at a communal style table, which was fun. Would love to go back soon.Great food and atmosphere. We had wine and appetizers. Very enjoyable and friendly staff.Started out a great Red Snapper Crudo pre-appetizer that was really really good. Sushi, you're dead to me. Crudo, lets go to the prom or at least make out in the back seat. Fair priced wine, we went with the second least expensive so i didnt appear like a unsophisticated rube, and it was good too, but then my friend saw that there was effen rigatoni on the menu and we were effen thrilled. I love to eat effen rigatoni but more than that i love to say 'effen rigatoni'; reminds me of my childhood, or a movie I once saw...can't remember which.
Last time I had the gnochi, it was my favorite, but I had to have the effen rigatoni, which the waiter gladly brought us. Effen rigatoni, for real. I was enjoying myself so effen much I don't remember even eating the effen rigatoni, but when the effen manager checked on us to see how we were effen doing my face full of tagliatelli told the story (tagliatelli does not taste better while cursing, I have no idea why)
For dessert, we had the panna cotta, perfect end. I think we cursed when we ordered it, but its kind of fuzzy. Another waitress came by and decrumbed out table and made sure we were effen happy. We were.
Whole effen deal was cheaper than it should have been, we went to leave as we were one of the last tables left and felt bad we couldn't say goodnight to the manager cause he was such an effen nice guy, but as we got outside, he caught up with us and wished us a pleasant effen evening...he didn't need to, he already delivered.
One of my favorite meals in a while, thanks to the whole effen crew.Went to Mariza the Friday before Mardi Gras and was delighted. Warm interior, great wine selection, delicious food and friendly service. There aren't many, or any, places in the area serving homemade pasta, so I'm pretty psyched about the new addition to the neighborhood. I had the oysters (fresh and delicious) and gnocchi (melt in your mouth goodness!) 
Another plus, there were plenty of people there, but it wasn't too loud. My date and I could actually hold a normal conversation.Way too salty. Large table all agreed. Server was not friendly - atmosphere & host were redeeming qualities.