Stopped in this gem after an awful experience next door.
Upon entering, the bar staff was extremely attentive and knowledgeable. I was surprised to see such a great beer selection on tap, and when my girlfriend ordered a "bartender's choice" she was given a fantastic margarita. 
Our food was solid for bar food. We've certainly had worse and fewer times we've had better.
I'd recommend this dive to any family and friendsGreat dive bar spot for a day of watching football and spending time with friends. They are also very reasonably priced. Who doesn't like cheap drinks?!A nice specimen of a neighborhood bar. When I walked in around 6 PM on a weekday evening, guys wearing Carharrt overalls or paint-spattered jeans were lined up atop barstools nursing their beers. This is a place where the locals seem to go after getting off work. I stopped in right after house-hunting - which is just as exhausting. 
They have several microbrews on tap to satisfy my yuppie desires & the mixed drinks are cheap as hell.
There isn't much to this bar, but it definitely isn't a dive. The bar is in good repair and is nicely lit. Want a dive? Go to Saturn Bar and compare. Yes, there are several TVs around. Is that all it takes to be a Sports Bar? If that's your definition, then this place is one, I suppose.
I could see myself returning here for drinks with friends. Also a plus that the music wasn't at 1000000 decibels.Excellent nachos! Bloody Mary's are just as great. Awesome location and perfect to catch a game on the TV or to grab some drinks with friends.I normally have pretty good experiences at Markey's but last night made me never want to return. This review only reflects the older male bartender that served me this Saturday evening 11/13. After a difficult week and a bad day I was hoping to relax and eat some food with friends at a neighborhood bar. I had been waiting 10 minutes for a drink when I watched him serve a bachelorette party as soon as they walked in. Finally he acknowledged me and assured me that he would be right with me. However, to my dismay I then watched him serve another group of men that walked in AFTER the bachelorette party and still did not ask me for my order. At that point I gave up and walked out. I felt disrespected and ignored and was very disappointed in such a low caliber of customer service, and couldn't help questioning why I was deemed as less important than other the other customers- who came in much later than me- and did not have to wait. A disappointing experience for sure.Classic neighborhood bar in Bywater.  Was there last week with a dozen guys from work and it was a great place to hang out.  Very local customer base but all are welcome.  Great selection of both bottle and tap beer, full bar, lots of large TV's, and a couple game tables.  I imagine a great place to wander a block to after lunch or dinner at Elizabeth's.Based on my one night drinking here, Markey's is somewhat indistinguishable in my mind from most other dive-y neighborhood sports bars... 
Except:
The shuffleboard table, which is pretty nifty if you get into such things. 
And!
The women's restroom (and possibly the men's restroom as well but I neglected to check) is REALLY clean! Or at least it was when I was there the other night. Maybe I make a bigger deal of it than absolutely necessary... but to me this is pretty huge. 
Along with the friendly bar staff, I definitely feel this gives me good reason to ride back out there from time to time. Especially if there's a game I wanna watch on TV. (May not be up for the crowds during Saints games, however. As others have posted, it gets packed.)The best neighborhood bar in a city filled with almost nothing but great neighborhood bars. (It's my neighborhood bar so I may be a wee bit biased, but hey, this is my review, right?) Fantastic bartenders and strong cheap drinks. What more are you looking for?Massive portions great prices & good drinks. I thoroughly enjoyed my fish tacos which had a whole filet on each soft taco smothered w yummy slaw. The tots were just the icing on the cake. I will definitely return.I live about 10 blocks from Marky's, and it's a great little dive bar. Great crowd, reasonable drink prices and oh ... if you're hungry, they have pretty awesome food. When my buddies and I are going to walk to the marigny or quarter, or do a bywater bar crawl, Marky's is the first place we meet and have a drink.
Good job guys!Good bar for watching sports and people. Attentive and friendly bartenders. If it was non-smoking I'd give it 5 stars.Looking for a dive bar with a chill atmosphere, cheap drinks, and cheap delicious bar food? Look no further!
We come here every time we visit Nola. It's a no frills type of joint where you can come as you are and get your drank on! Bartenders are always friendly and the drinks are always strong. 
Food wise, the tacos are simple, yet filling and tasty. Queso is great, chips could use a little less salt but overall a good choice. You MUST order the bacon wrapped hot dog. To die for! With brown mustard and cheddar, you can't go wrong. It comes with red cherry peppers, sauerkraut, and relish if you're into that.
A must when you're in the Bywater!Solid little neighborhood/dive bar in the Bywater. Went on a recent rainy Saturday afternoon and there were only a few others there. However, friend and I had a few beers and played some pool and shuffleboard (+1 for having a shuffleboard table). Barkeep was nice enough.
Would drop in again if I'm in the area.In an old timer from Markeys, from the way back machine. 
We used to promise the owners that we wouldn't do anything that would get them well reviewed in the tourist books. They didn't want that. 
Apparently, those days are over. In fact, the whole neighborhood is little but Air B&B's any more. All tourists, or "residents" that obviously don't spend much time there. 
So that said- it would be hard to find a better bar in NO, or possibly the world. To call it a dive means you don't really know what a dive is. Markeys is a class act. 
Best bartenders, of course. Really seriously decent food. They even offer the option of getting seafood poboys done my way- which means, no mayo. Remoulade sauce. That is probably invented by yours truly, so that's why I like it. 
If you're in need of some great basic NO food, some beers and shots, some shuffleboard and pool- a decent bathroom and a generally nice place to be- Markeys is it. 
I might add, that it's one of the last places in the area where some "authentic New Orleans Culcha" lives. 
So please, enjoy, and don't go wrecking it!This place is SO New Orleans - local New Orleans that is - not a pure tourist joint like most closer to the quarter. It's in the middle of a great, old neighborhood. Come in, sit down, order a drink and start making conversation and friends. Nic the bartender was very friendly. Jacques from Senegal was fun to talk with. Here you will find an interesting and eclectic group with typical bar food, a good beer choice and solid drinks. There's a shuffleboard table in great condition and two dart boards. We started and ended our long day here and we'll definitely be back.This is perhaps my favorite bar in the city. Tons of beers on tap. Really good bar food. I love hockey and this is one of the few spots that actually gets my games.Markey's bar is just a cool hang-out.  As soon as you walk in, you get a sort of stepped back in time, corner bar feel.  I've been there when it was really busy on a weekend night and super slow during a weekday afternoon and every time I've gone, I've gotten good service and fair prices.solid institution on Royal.  Good place to catch a college football game on Saturdays.  Decent prices and usually have plenty of young 20-something ladies that frequent that make this a nice place to stop.  As dive bars go, this is a little too classy for that moniker.  The only thing 'dive-bar' about this place is the drink selection.  Outstanding neighborhood for a open-air bar.This is 5 star dive bar in New Orleans.  There are many of those and I prefer those over the fru fru places.   The beer is cold, the shots are shotty, the bartenders are beautiful, and the patrons are solid.  Can't wait to go back with my friend Troy.  Or without him.  Prefer with.him.been here a few times and god it's boring. markey's is like seeing the true lives of your facebook "friends." there is a difference between "neighborhood bar" and "cliquey bar." guess which category this one fits into.Every time I come to Markeys I leave drunk. No easy task considering I generally stick to Miller Lite drafts which, considering the tolerance I have built up, are mostly like water. The bartenders are knowledgable in how to make drinks and classic rocks ballads, also country. Despite back issues, Girth continues to mix exquisite drinks and greatly supported me me through the death of my grandmother. The gap between drinks is almost non existant when Renea is working. Murial is a Pope. Kelly rocks harder than Billy Idol. Catherine conquors douchebags. My friends cause a shitshow every time we are in there yet we are tolerated through simple benevolence.
Not lying, drinking there is a thrill only slightly less than Tracy Porters pick 6 in the Super Bowl.
Anyway, great bar. Yall go. Tip. Look, tip.This is a good basic bar with a dedicated local following.  It is like stepping back into the New Orleans of old as the place is actually in good repair while still having a vintage feel (so yes hipsters love to come here and attempt to absorb all the vintage they can).  The crowd is like many other NOLA neighborhood bars with a mix of young, old, dirty, clean, blue collar, white collar and just plain weird.  The prices are decent and they have good TVs for game days.  They have some bar grub and often will have crawfish during the season.  The parking can be a bit challenging sometimes as this area often seems to get crowded as there are several other attractions in the area.  My main complaint with this joint is that it can get too smokey for my tolerance.  Overall a decent place to hang out and enjoy some drinks among interesting folks.Very good neighborhood bar that specializes in beer on tap, baseball, and very good bar food. What is not to like? Its a little bit higher up on the rent scale than Marie's bar but you can come here and get drunk while having a great time with friends catching a ball game, sucking heads of crawfish, while viewing from the open air seats onto the street the freaks pass by going to swim naked next door. What more can you ask for?This is a cool spot. There are a lot of nice and friendly people here and it was easy to find space at the bar.
The reason for this review is the awesome juke box. I was in the mood to play an "old fashioned" juke box (that means not an internet jukebox) and a friend suggested this place. The juke is pretty inexpensive and has a lot of good songs on it. I chose to play a lot of Louis Prima because it was just that kind of night.
A regular here mentioned to me that this is the place to be for Saints games, so I will have to come back and check the place out when the season starts.My neighborhood pub! Friendly staff, not smoky because of the big doors that open up to the street and super clean. 
Every time I go it's full of friendly Bywater faces. They have lost of TVs and I hear it gets pretty packed for the Saints games.
They have food that over time has been getting better my favorites are the wings which I usually enjoy with a nice pint of cider. 
And if you're in the mood for a jukebox they have one full of great music.Markey's is my number two spot for Saints games. The beers aren't as cheap and the angry football fans aren't quite as old or drunk as Blatz, but Markey's is still pretty solid. It's also slightly less smokey and a littel bit bigger. They've also got food and games. Everyone is really friendly, unless you're a dick.
If Blatz didn't exist, or was like 8 blocks further away, I'd be at Markey's a lot more.Typical NOLA neighborhood bar.  Always friendly bartenders.  Cheap drinks if that's what you're looking for instead of the expensive craft cocktails from the new restaurants.  An overall good place to hang with friends or meet new ones.Very nice neighborhood bar, open late and the $5 Pimm's Cup is delicious.They have a decent beer selection and a well stocked bar. Great bar to watch College football and nfl on Sundays. Stay away from the wings if you don't like them rubbery, the nachos are fantastic. Nice friendly staff and patrons alike.Weak Drinks, Bad, Slow Service w attitude, Stale burger bun, meat was good...  Time and money better spent elsewhere...  This place left a lot to be desired...I'm actually getting ready to go watch football at markeys now. This is a great spot to watch football or just go have some great drinks. Never tried the food but friends tell me it's good bar fareI really dig this bar! Nice bartenders, cool patronage, decent drink prices, and a shuffleboard table? Yes, please! I totally agree with the one reviewer who said this is not a dive bar but a neighborhood bar. Exactly. Come here to have a couple of beers or drinks with your friends and watch the game. Or be extremely competitive over a shuffleboard match causing the entire bar to become involved. You know, what ever your group like to do on their nights out. Recommended for those who are not high maintenance and enjoy just hanging out in the Marigny/Bywater.This great little place was right down the street from our air bnb, to get away from the touristy areas and mingle with the locals and their adorable friendly pups this is the spot!This is a great neighborhood bar. I love that they COULD be open 24 hours if they wanted. But they don't. 
   Bar-tenderess extraordinaire Muriel will make you feel at home.
   I love that the policy on playing 210 Dead songs in a row on the jukebox is to cut some of that out. I mean come on. Nobody needs to hear that much Dead.
   Sit outside and you will meet some interesting people and/or dogs.
   Always lots of bike parking. Except when there's not. But then it's too crowded anyway. Pedal on by.Loved this dive that's tucked away in the neighborhood. Atmosphere is great with TV's throughout broadcasting all of the latest games. We sat in the back near the kitchen so we could focus in on the game. Beer selection is decent. Food is even better.New Orleans, Louisiana ---
"Markey's" is a neighborhood corner bar with potential ...
The youthful pleasant & polite, but inexperienced bartender Ginger was the downside to my visit ...
Ginger found it more to her self-interests to look at her cell phone and talk with the young male kitchen help 50+ feet away from her only customer ...
I requested "extra extra crispy wings" and 2 blue cheeses ... I was delivered with "normal" skin-moving wings with 1 (no-chunk) blue cheese and 1 (watery) ranch ...
I know on better days with a more-seasoned bartender, Markey's has potential to be a positive memory (I am ass-u-me 'n that though ) ...
I like the open-air-ness of the bar & bar flair on the walls ...
day 039 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
day 092 "666 Bars of 2017" / bar 188
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
#RunAwayBill #666BarsUSA #DUSA2017 
04.02.17The best bar in Nola without a doubt. Has everything ..history , good people , good food and in the best area in the city.. Ninth wards the best ward.Ok, don't get me wrong. I'm a fan of dive bars. In fact, I only want to go to dive bars. Which is why I found myself at this place. The beer selection is decent, plenty of seats and Direct TV for any sport game you want (which is awesome). 
Cons: The kitchen - They have this window in the back. Which at first, I thought I should order at... Take a browse at the menu and here comes along some Modest Mouse hipster cook that ask me if I want anything. Mention that I'm browsing the menu and if he had any recos for me. Gave me this look like jesus christ man why are you talking to me yet he engaged in conversation first. Figure I go with fries to soak up the beer and the cook gets angry because I should of ordered at the bar. Relax hipster, I'm not familiar with your house rules. Go to the bar and mention I would like fries to go. They come out on a plate... wait for the bartender and ask if I can get a to-go container. Cook is observing this from far, comes out and yells at me for that request. Why the hell is this guy getting so upset? No idea, but I guess asking for a styrofoam container must of hurt his feelings. Maybe its because I'm polluting the planet by use of toxic materials? Maybe he thinks I'm not a local? Maybe he is playing the typical character we all hate in life which is this new-age gentrified hipster that drinks kombucha while reading Orson Wells on a fixie bike.. I'm lost for words.. Would give this place 4-stars but had to knock it down at three because he irritated me so much.Sports friendly, hipster, neighborhood bar. Leave the drama at home and embrace the bywater neighborhood bar!I'm rarely in this area but I heard they had a MLB package and they did.  The bar staff was very accommodating and friendly and it looks much nicer on the inside. Great dive bar and perfect for watching sports.Took me 15 minutes to get a beer.  I sat at the bar, the locals I was sitting right next to had new beers placed in front of them before their old beer was even finished.  I was basically ignored.  Worst service ever.
In a nut shell if you're a local patron and tip good, you'll get great service. If not go somewhere else!  Lots of other really cool bars in New Orleans.
You want old school neighborhood dive bar with cheap drinks, fantastic service, really nice bar tenders, and friendly locals (what I thought Markey's was going to be), go to Harry's Corner, that place rocks (and so does their a/c unlike Markey's, it was hot in there and I had no beer)!I have many vague, fuzzy memories of Markey's Bar, and I'm pretty sure I'd been there at least five times before I finally began to remember that I'd been there before. Guess that's the definition of a dive bar in this city, though -- places you end up at post-midnight after one (or six) too many drinks. 
It's funny, though. The net impact of not really remembering having been to Markey's makes it seem new and exciting every time I go, and also creates this odd feeling akin to deja-vu. Occasionally, it even dredges up a dim memory of drinking binges of yore. 
Best thing about Markey's? Definitely the shuffleboard table. It's 50 cents to play a game, and if you ever run into me there I will utterly kick your ass, because I am a shuffleboard shark. For no apparent reason, I'm very, very good at this game. (Then again, maybe I've just played it a million times and am underestimating how often I've been to Markey's. You never know.)Went there for Game 7 of the World Series. Markey's was known to be one of the main places to watch the World Series that night, even listed in Nola.com. My friends going expected it to be packed. Everyone expected it to be packed. Markey's knew it was going to be packed. 
So they schedule TWO bartenders. TWO. For several hundred people. Just forget about a drink. 
I'm a former bartender who works in the service industry. It pains me to say this, because I know that fewer bartenders means more money for each. But there's a point when generosity devolves into utter stupidity from a business standpoint and insane greed from a bartenders standpoint. Those bartenders probably made over a thousand each in a few hours. Yet nobody could get a drink, and both the business (and other bartenders) lost thousands in revenue. Maybe it's unfair to pick on Markey's for this, as I am really just sick of EVERY New Orleans bar doing this. I am not going to let it pass anymore. STOP HAVING ONE OR TWO BARTENDERS WORK A PACKED BAR. 
But to refocus on my experience.... Went to Markey's, a bar. Could not get drink.I dropped in Markey's Bar for a late night beer & burger.  Talk about a smoke-filled room.  I did not really enjoy the burger & fries so much because of the immense amount of smoke emanating from a  bar filled with smokers.  Markey's Bar has a great selection of beers on tap but I was unable to stay for more than one because I was developing a headache from inhaling so much second hand smoke.  I'll probably be back but I'll certainly be mindful of the adverse conditions.Hay man. This place are the bomb. Drinks be tasty AF, selection is nice,  atmosphere is cool. Laid back and chill, and stuff. Bartenders are really nice too. Jordan is the bomb!Markey's is a neighborhood bar out in the Marigny area.
Product: Primarily alcoholic drinks and a small selection of bar food. I haven't had the food, but the drinks aren't watered down and they're a reasonable price. 3 stars
Service: Go up to the bar or the food counter to order. Nothing special to note good or bad here. 3 stars
Facilities: It is a very typical neighborhood bar to New Orleans. In that, I mean, it's an older building that basically has one long main room with the bar area, some stools, a few tables and chairs inside and out, and a food counter (as noted earlier). It isn't dirty, but it's an older place, so it has a rather "worn" look to it, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. I suppose you could call it a "dive", but it didn't really have a divey feel to it to me. Maybe because I stopped by during the day? I dunno. It's a decent place. 3 stars
Overall: Another good spot to stop and whet your whistle or grab a bit in the Marigny/Bywater region. I suggest it if you're in the area. 3 starsWe LOVE Markey's and since moving in down the street a month ago, have been coming at least a few times a week. The prices are reasonable, the food is solid (favorites are the queso, nachos and po boys - though the roast beef one can be a little inconsistent on seasoning) and the bartenders are friendly. We've gone the last two Fridays for crawfish, which is fun and great if you have friends visiting from out of town.dive bar extraordinaire.  you are more than likely to encounter any number of scenes at this most unassuming of bywater wateringholes.  on any given night you could stumble upon ryan adams and his band boozing it up after a recording session, a huge crowd of older irish men after some meeting, a gaggle of hipsters, or a scene seemingly pulled straight from an episode of twin peaks (think: a one armed man playing darts and a female sailor cashing checks at the bar to enable her video poker addiction).  markey's rocks.  the drinks are cheap.  there's pool, the aforementioned darts, and a shuffleboard table.  the bartenders are pretty fucking awesome too.  
added bonus:  genuine new orleans experience without the annoying tourists.Fun neighborhood bar. Reasonably priced drinks. Friendly people. Good jukebox. $0.50 shuffleboard.
Dive bars can have the reputation of being worn down and not particularly nice. But this bar is in good shape and pretty nice. Plus, it has the great neighborhood friendly feel.
It's actually a pretty good sports bar too. I think they have 4 big screen tvs.
My only complaint is that it's smoky. But, I'm still a fan!Markeys at one time was a favorite dive bar of mine but just like most things in the Bywater this joint has turned its attention to the AirBnB crowd that has overcome the residents in this neighborhood. The food and drink prices have gone way up in recent years meanwhile the bar is alot cleaner with more tv's and a completely different atmosphere. If you want a neighborhood bar take your business to J&J's where the beer is 50% cheaper, cheap food in this area outside of Pizza Delicious is hard to come by.Today we had the Steak Sandwich, Nachos with Chicken, Viet Chicken Wings and Elote Chicken Wings. OMG that Steak Sandwich was the best sandwich I think I've ever had in my LIFE! ANYWHERE! It's dressed with a horseradish mayo sauce with pickled mini-sliced bell peppers! Genius! Those Viet Wings are incredibly succulent. The Elote Wings were something new for me but it was savory, corn sweetness on a chicken wing! Outstanding!!! I'm in love with the food here, whatever they're doing, they're doing it right!Friendly bartender and rare find with the clean and new shuffleboard. My husband and I will be back to complete against each other.Great neighborhood bad! This was our first stop once we arrived in NOLA and had a good time. Service was top notch and the bartenders were more than willing to share tips about the area. Try the mule and fries with queso!This is a very serviceable, small Bywater bar and a real neighborhood place with lots of colorful character and a solid pool table and shuffle board game along with lots of HD TV sets hung off the walls for those needing to see a game. The beer is cold and cheap, they used to serve food here and it was pretty good, but they recently closed the kitchen.Great neighborhood bar.  I visited for the first time with friend who live nearby.  Service was great, beer and drinks about half the cost of similar in Atlanta.  Interesting collection of folks from the neighborhood.  Everyone made me feel welcome -- will definitely return when back in town.
One note, they closed the kitchen and food in no longer served.This is not a dive bar. It is a neighborhood bar. The Marigny/Bywater offers numerous examples of "dive bar" that make this place look like the Plaza Oak Room.  Anyway. They serve food. As in a full kitchen of local standards done quite well.  
The previous review was quite correct, though, about the crowd being quite varied.  But then again the Bywater houses all manner of kooks and crazies.  They come here to drink.
There is indeed shuffleboard, and it's usually taken.  My friend's dog vomited under that shuffleboard table and was subsequently thrown out of the bar.  In a true dive, they'd have just bought the dog a drink.i live in the neighborhood and sometimes come after work for a shot and an IPA. It's the perfect pace for a little unwind time.This a local dive bar. I love dive bars. Perfect match for me usually. Young, old, white collar, blue collar, hipsters and those who haven't showered for months make for a good mix of real people at a real dive bar away from the touristy FQ. However,  I sadly have had the most unfriendly experience from a bar manager/owner?? that I've had anywhere in this particularly friendly city.   Also, not being dog friendly in a dive bar not only confuses me in general(considering some of clientele can be smelled before seen) but in a very dog-friendly city, seems like a poor business decision for the market. 
All in all a unique bar I've spent a few good times in, with eclectic people but some unpleasant aspects that have left me visiting some other options in the neighborhood.Been here a few times and it's OK. The bar staff is really nice and the drinks are cheap but otherwise it's kind of boring. It can be a good place to go if you want some where mellow where you can chill out and hang with friends as it's usually not that crowded on week days. And they do have nice large screen TVs for football games. However when it's really crowded it gets super smokey...and coming from a smoker, that's a lot of smoke!Sharing a beer at a place that shares a last name ... nothing better! Ken Markey / www.canyonclub.worksI had heard the tale of a table shuffleboard so long you could chug an Irish Car Bomb, dance the entire DJ Jubilee "Get It Ready" and call your Mom to talk about how the dogs are doing before the puck made it to the opposite side. Alas, Markey's shuffleboard goes on for days and there's always enough sand. It puts every shuffleboard table I've seen so far in New Orleans to shame.  
My krewe and I went here on a lazy Saturday when it was too cloudy to lay by a pool but too nice to play Nintendo on my couch all day. Drink prices are pretty good for this Bywater neighborhood bar. We played a solid 3 hours on the shuffleboard, me losing many a-time, but all in good fun. 
Due to the epic shuffleboard and the bartender putting my ho-hum bottled Corona into a pint glass, rimming it with salt and squeezing a lime in it (8 x for me and my buddy), they deserve a nice 4 star rating.  We also noticed projection screens, so we'll be back for Saints season for sure!Oh Markey's, how it pains me to write this review. I used to live next door to Markey's. I spent many a night questioning my existence on the bar stools at Markey's. I watched my crack smoking neighbor try to win big on the slot machines. (Surprise, she never did, but she talked a lot of dollars out of me in the process.)  I spent a New Year's Eve watching a lady covered in glitter almost fall asleep on the bar. This was where my boyfriend and I had our first date (I figured if it was awful at least I was stumbling distance home), and got to know each other and fall in love over far too many whiskey gingers and champagne cocktails. Markey's was home, a nice neighborhood bar full of colorful characters and pretty cheap cocktails. 
When I moved to Mid City a few years ago I grieved the loss of my neighborhood bar. In a city like New Orleans there's no shortage of bars, but seeing as that I had considered Markey's an extension of my living room basically I was sad for the loss.
We recently moved back to the Upper 9th, so while I am definitely not as close to Markey's as I was before, it's still within a 2 mile radius of my new house. My boyfriend and I had joked about having our anniversary  at Markey's (but neither of us can agree when our anniversary is oops), and instead decided to drop in there last night. While there's still some glimmers of the old Markey's, it's definitely not the Markey's I remember. I understand the need to diversify and appeal to a certain demographic, but there are 15 TV's in Markey's. 15. That's ridiculous. The cozy grittiness has been replaced, by what I don't know yet. A sports bar? I never would have called Markey's a dive bar before it was a neighborhood bar, a place of warmth. I wouldn't call it that anymore. 
Who knows, maybe my memories are colored by some kind of rose tinted nostalgia; alas the Markey's of yesteryear is gone.
The nachos are pretty good though, so I guess there's that.everything the neighborhood bar needs: nice staff, good drinks, a buncha tv's to watch any game you need to catch and it's frequented by locals and passer-by's alike. even though it's located in the up and coming part of town it keeps a very down to earth, communal and friendly vibe.Amazing food. The kitchen staff is friendly and fast and everything I have was great. The sauces and dips were even better! I've never had blue cheese so thick but it was great. The onions rings were highly recommended and worth it! Great fries . I'm coming back to eat.  But the bar was ....meh. I waited a really long time to order. And it was just ......meh.Among other things, Markey's has the distinction of being the very first (of many!) watering hole I visited during my recent maiden voyage to the Big Easy.  What a score!  This is my kind of place.  No pretense, totally relaxed, everyone just chilling and not really giving a f**k if you're there or not.  That's not to say it has an unwelcoming vibe; to the contrary, actually.  I just mean that everyone is sorta minding their own business, without a care in the world.  It's refreshing.
I had a couple delicious dark & stormies, made with some killer locally produced, "small batch" ginger beer.  That inherently sounds a little ridiculous, but if you're a ginger beer enthusiast like myself, you'll probably appreciate it.  They have it on tap, too, which was cool.  I also had a shrimp po' boy, and was admittedly a bit nervous about that, but was so famished I just threw caution to the wind.  Well, hot damn!  It was delicious and huge.  My buddy and I ended up splitting it.
To top it all, the barkeep (Ginger) couldn't have been more friendly and hospitable to us.  Very cool and welcoming, with the skills to back it all up.  We were there during the week in the middle of the afternoon, so it was pretty low key, but I imagine that's par for the course there.  It's got a certain energy and vibe, but I imagine that anyone who isn't a douche would totally dig this place.  The Bywater isn't exactly right off the beaten path for most visitors to NO, but if  you find yourself out there, I highly recommend stopping in for a visit.  I hope to return some day!I'll be honest - I didn't sick around long enough to give it a thorough review but this rating is based on two things:
Bad:
The kitchen hours are NEVER posted or stated at bars like this, and when told by our airbnb host that this was a great local bar to grab a bite to eat and watch the game, my boyfriend and I hurried over. However, to our dismay, the kitchen was closed and that was a big blow. 
Good:
This place is so low-key, chill, and feels exactly like what it is - a local corner bar. No show, no scuffs, just is what it is. No one came and bothered us with a drink order, or menu, they just let us come in, sit wherever and watch the game. 
In short - if you're looking for a place away from all the ritz that can sometimes be NOLA, this is a really cool joint. I'm only hangry-low-voting because I really wanted a hamburger and it was only 10:00pm.Markey's has the feel of a small town bar that meets a sports bar.  It's like meatloaf, an old pair of sneakers and those undies with a hole in them that you don't let anyone else ever see.  In other words it's comfortable.  
Everything about the place is loooooong.  The building, the bar itself, and the shuffleboard table.  They should probably change the name to Maaaarkey's.  This would apease the Yats who already say it that way.  The shuffleboard table is so long that they could set up pins at one end and just let people bowl.  
Markey's has about 15 beers on tap and more in bottles.  They always have drink specials posted on the chalkboard sign out front.  There are currently 8 TV's and they are getting like 4 more.  They have all the sports packages.  MLB, NFL, NBA, NHL, you name it.  You want to watch an African soccer match between Uganda and the lost Swahili tribe?  They probably have that too.  If they have it, they'll turn it on for you with no problem.  
They also have decent bar food.  The usual wings, tenders, burgers, tacos, nacho type things.  The difference is this is the real deal,  No frozen crap and  the kitchen is open until like 2am every night.  
The crowd is usually a mix of peeps.  It can be hipsterific to senior citizens and everything in between.  The jukebox selection seems to always be right up my alley.  Everytime I'm there they are playing Bob Dylan, The Allman Bros, The Stones. etc.  I know musically I was born in the wrong era but hey there's a reason its called Classic Rock.  
So stop by 'Maw-kee's', get a beer and enjoy a game and some tunes.Markey's bar is one of those places I wish were in my neighborhood.  Lots of locals, a real pub/bar atmosphere and lots of good taps and pub grub.
Along with our brews we had the blackened shrimp tacos (very yummy) and my partner had the roast beef poboy.  Not as juicy for my taste, but really good none the less.
We were lucky to sit at the bar, it really adds to the ambiance of a craft beer tasting adventure, as it did ours.
The only downside to the place was there were no beer menus and over 30 beer taps, most of which you couldn't read in the dimly lit bar area.  So, for that we probably missed tasting some beers we'd have like to have tried but oh, well, other than that it was good!Absolutely the best late night food I have ever eaten. The Bywater is lucky to have this bar,I wish it was in my hometown.This is the best bar! Healthy pours, nice people and great music. If I lived here I'd be a regular.Great bar. Bartender (Jordan?) was super friendly and quick to serve. Fun place to hang out before going downtown or just spend an evening with friends. Shuffleboard, darts, and alcohol- what more do you needGreat location. Staff is friendly. Food is so salty that, to me (and i LOVE salt), it is mostly inedible.When we visit NOLA, we always stay in the Bywater, Markey's being one of the reasons why. We typically finish each night with a visit to Markey's for a night cap, and/or to get a late night meal. The bar staff is always welcoming, polite, and provide excellent service. 
The food here is amazing! While most will look at the menu as just "bar foood", it is the best bar food I have ever come across. Everyone that ate with us during our last trip loved their food. 
I highly recommend the steak sandwich; burger; queso dip; nachos; and the amazing tator tots. 
We will have a hard time staying in any other neighborhood because we love being so close to this unique neighborhood bar. 
Markey's: Please bring back the bacon wrapped hot dog!This is the model of what a true neighborhood bar should be like. Nice folks, no real tourists (except for my partner and me) and lots of beer taps, plus the added bonus of listening in to the locals talk about stuff :)
We met the owner tonight. Such a nice guy and it's not a stretch to see why this place is gem in New Orleans, he was very personable and seemed genuinely happy to know we make Markey's a destination each time we visit NO.
We had the shrimp po-boy, and I'm still thinking about it now, even though I'm full (is that normal?)...
It was good to visit a place we consider a staple NO pub and will continue to do so each trip!Many tvs at the bar to watch a game of your choice.  And a very good selection of bar food, a great place right around the corner from the best pool in all.of New Orleans.  As a new owner in the upper 9th, I  will definitely frequent this establishment.   Not to mention the bartenders have the heavy new orleans pour well all know and love.  In my rotation for sure!We have waited a year and a half for things to calm down enough (Covid) and NO to allow businesses to open up, albeit slowly. We drove down from Austin and were very pleased that "our" bar was open for biz!  We were lucky enough to sit at the bar and very lucky that it happened to be crawfish night! We each had a serving of crawfish with potatoes and corn. VERY DELISH!!!  The beer selection was as good as I remember it and the bartenders were as nice as I remember them. It's no wonder why Markeys is always on our togo list when we hit New Orleans.  We love this place.This place is great in normal times but they have just reopened with excellent covid protocols! Spacing, masks, fans and open open air. Come support some of the greatest bartenders in NOLA!The place is on the corner and right amongst a node of places representing the evolution of the Bywater neighborhood. It however has been present, singularly interesting and authentic before it was fashionable to be in that area. The service is warm, the TV's are huge and tuned to a variety of sports and the juke box is full of tunes that get you right in the mood for a great night with a friend or two sharing a good time. The bar food is tasty and I will put their hot wings up against anyone. 
There is smoking allowed and outdoor seating is limited and not always available. In spite of the very "everyday man" feel, they do feature some exceptional cocktails. For example they did caprhinas for the World Cup, including fresh sugar cane. 
Stop on in anytime and you will not be disappointed. 
Real New Orleans.
ThanksOmg I was waiting in line for the pool at the country club. It was a 3 hour wait so we came over to get drinks while waiting because why not... the bartender was absolutely amazing and she doesn't skimp on the alcohol in the mixed drinks. I definitely want to come back and hangout at this bar.We arrived over there at midnight so unfortunably we couldn't eat some chips but the man made me a delicious virgin mojito and the place is quite pretty and typical !!