Very annoying to go to a store 15 minutes before closing and be denied entrance, yet that's just what happened this past Sunday. I could have been in and out with my purchase in less than five minutes! That's no way to run a business. I won't be back. Elio's here I come...Needed a quick bite ... missed lunch so I was really hungry but didn't want to get something unhealthy since I'm trying to eat better... this was a great choice! I had forgotten that they had reopened! I had one of their salads which was fresh and tasty! I plan to return to try another one of their salads soon! I did get there an hour before closing time so I had to ask for utensils and paper towels but service was good.Another review that I believe that I have written before but has mysteriously disappeared. Martin's has been my lunch spot lately taking advantage of the coolinary special that consists of any whole sandwich with a soup or salad for $12. Its a great deal because you really can't go wrong here. I have had the salads with the Sena salad being my favorite with a sweet heat from a pepper jelly dressing. My favorite sandwich has been the Lindy so far, I am a succor for cole slaw on a sandwich especially when its good. All of the sandwiches are huge and along with the the side you will have a filling lunch to face the rest of your day.After a whirlwind vacation to Spain, Italy, and France I finally learned what good wine was...wine that doesn't give you a hangover! Looking for somewhere that would have a good selection of wines, I naturally gravitated towards Martin's Wine.
I was impressed that the Friday evening that I entered Martian's there was a small wine tasting. I tasted a Chianti reserve and it was delicious, but alas, I ended up purchasing two bottles of sparkling.
I will return to this location whenever I am in the area. I'm not sure how the wine selection compares to the Metairie location but I will sure find out!Martin's is a great re-addition to the neighborhood.  I spend more time on the retail side of the shopping/dining divide and the wine and spirit selections are excellent.  The staff are super helpful and the little weekend tastings are a great thing to keep an eye on - often will have wine or liquors out.  The restaurant is also impressive - good sandwiches and all kinds of other goodies.  Cheese plate, smoked salmon plate, specials - all check out.  The real sweet spot is being able to pick any bottle of wine in house, have it chilled in 5 minutes and enjoying it with your meal.Causal bistro located in back of the wine shop that specializes in daily specials and gourmet sandwiches. Not only do they have a great selection on wine but their prices are AMAZING! The service is fantastic and the staff is attentive, I would love to come here weekly if I could. I love the fact that its casual but the food is gourmet and you can always have a couple of glasses of wine while enjoying the cafe.Pretty cool place. Who can argue about a place you can buy you can buy wine, a wide selection of booze, beer, souvenirs and a pretty darn good "cafeteria style" lunch counter.
We had brunch stuff. 
It was a beautiful day, so we sat outside. They have a couple of tables out there. 
I had an EXECUTIVE CLUB.
Triple-decker with oven-roasted turkey, grilled ham, hickory-smoked bacon, American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo served on 7 grain bread. For $11.99. It's a good sandwich. Not too heavy. I enjoyed it. 
They have a decent menu here, lots of options. I will gladly go here again.What an amazing find by my son,  a bistro in a wine shop. The food is all gourmet quality! While we were there we picked a bottle of wine with a variety of cheeses, crackers and cookies. A must try!The Martin salad is so good. Good sandwiches and daily specials. Red beans and rice on Monday's is a hit. Beer and wine available. It does get busy during the lunch hours. If you're looking for something sweet get the carrot cake or wedding cake. Huge pieces of delicious cake.Yelp says they deliver but they don't. Really great sandwiches. Expensive but worth springing the extra dough. Reuben was up there with Steins - almost. The Californian is better. Very fresh. Very good. Nice place. You should check it out!Lunch Saturday - disappointing at best.  No one smiled. Manager behind counter stood around with a sour look on his face so no wonder cashiers and other staff were cold. 
Out of corned beef, we ordered pastrami for one and Reuben (replacing corned beef with pastrami) and in addition to being greasy and meager, orders were prepared wrong. Noticed other people bringing orders back. 
Place looks like a cafeteria - lots of seating and good parking. 
Much better places for sandwiches and ambiance. Maybe it'll get better.OMGoodness. I just had the sweetbread dinner. It was divine. I love sweetbreads, few NOLA restaurants serve it and it's too complicated to make at home. This was the best I can remember having. They were served on a savory waffle and the unlikely combination worked. This is what I respect about martins and why I missed them: high quality food at a fraction of the price you would pay a at a full service restaurant. The sweetbreads were $16 for an entrée portion.  It's an hour later and the tastes continue to linger. I mistakenly gave credit to chef David who has been at Martins for as long as I can remember. David has company, the sweetbreads are chef Scott's creation, he formerly of Bayona. So Martin's had added to the talent in the kitchen. Not only did chef Scott stop by the table to check on our meal, several other staff checked in with us during our visit, sincere inquiries wanting to know if we were enjoying our meal. I left happy. Happy with a wonderful meal, great service and a feeling like I had come home again. Please order the sweetbreads so they will stay on the menus and support Martin wine cellars return home.It's a large space, and I'm happy with the added development in this area of town and the new Martin Wine Cellar is good but still has room for improvement.  The wine selection is okay and quite a few bottles on the shelf are large production labels, many of which you can also find at a grocery store.  There are some nice Burgundy and Oregon Pinot Noir selections if you can find them but the options overall seem to be improving since they opened.  Spirits have a nice large selection but just don't expect any discounts here - you'd think they would be a few bucks cheaper due to volume across multiple stores but prices are about standard for the industry as far as I've seen.
The deli at the back of the store is really the focus it seems, with a large list of sandwiches and even an entire board of "sit-down" plates, pizzas, etc. which I haven't tried but look decent.  The sandwiches are good - and large - but pricing may be a bit on the high side averaging around $10 per sandwich.  Food appears good overall, but the service has been lacking on initial visits and you basically order at a counter (including beer or wine), then they give you a pager which tells you when your food is ready.  You can dine in or get it packaged to go, and the dining area is fine though a bit generic and I often see a few tables with food & wine although I see this as more of a takeout sandwich option.
It's a fine place, and I've stopped in a few times when I'm in the neighborhood at Cleaver & Co. or if I'm looking for a bottle of liquor that my local neighborhood shops don't carry but I'd rather spend my money at neighborhood shops like Keife & Co and The Wine Seller which are smaller but also friendlier and are the type of local shops I'd prefer to support.My husband and I went to Martin Wine Cellar this past Monday (3/28/16) and it was simply delicious. I had the Salmon and my husband had a juicy burger. Of course the atmosphere was pleasant as always. Love it!First off, living in Texas we have the Spec's chain out of Houston.  For those unfamiliar, they're HUGE stores with mostly wine, huge selections of liquor and beer and food.  Some have kitchens as well putting fresh meals out as well.  I had heard of Martin through a liquor publication.  I had zero intention in going to one while in town until a friends wife informed me that they typically have a solid selection of bourbon.  I told my dad that this was the first stop on our journey before leaving the city.  I was taken in by the beer selection and quickly started taking all of that in.  Then, I found the whiskey.  I saw things that you don't see on shelves in stores in Texas.  I was already spending money before grabbing a single bottle.  While perusing, a staff member walked up and at first I shooed him away in a polite manner.  Then I was discussing rums with my dad (he likes to make rum cakes and they're quite legendary).  When I went back to the whiskey, the same employee came up and we ended up talking bourbon for about 10-15 minutes.  I'm a HUGE nerd when it comes to bourbon and beer.  If you give me an inch, I'll take up a good chunk of your life nerding out about it.  I ended up buying a bottle and decided that I'd keep it at my folks house for when I visit.  I wish we had a chance to check out their deli because it looked amazing.  They also have coffee, chocolates (from SUCRE!) and other stuff.  Everybody here was beyond helpful and if you're in the area, check this place out!  I could've easily bought 6 bottles of bourbon in a trip!Ordered the salad for my wife and i ordered the Rueben. The salad was ok I guess, kind of hard to mess up. The reuben was probably one of the worst I've eaten. Hardly any russian dressing. You could tell everything is dependent on the cheese. Not the corned beef. Also for the price of $12-$13 for a tiny (school lunch) sandwich I decided only to go for beer and wine tastings and to skip the food from here out.Good food, huge beer/wine/liquor selection, awesome brunch. Necessary prep stop for your next dinner party.I live right down the street from Martin's so I was very excited when they first opened up but have been disappointed the past few times I've gone. I asked one of the employees about two beers they used to have that hadn't been in stock for a while and he referred me to the woman working at the cashier who apparently orders all the beer for the store. I told her about the two kinds of beers I had been looking for and she said that she would look into re-ordering them. She didn't write them down so I shouldn't be surprised that she never actually re-ordered them. The food here is alright, although it's overpriced for such a small portion. I don't mind going here for convenience but if I had a choice I would choose to get my beer and/or food elsewhere.Great food!!! Wine,beer, and liquor selection will more than cover your needs!!!
And did I mention the food?
Chef David kicks booty and takes names!!!
Standard menu plus amazing daily offerings!!!This review is for the deli. Not impressed. On my first visit, I ordered a roast beef sandwich with extra lettuce and mayonnaise only to go. I had to wait a good 15 minutes for it (although the place was empty), and then when I arrived at work to eat, opened it up to find one thin piece of lettuce and tomato (which I did not want), on stale bread. I had asked for the bread untoasted, so I'm guessing that they toast the bread as a rule because it will be less easy to notice that it's stale. I will not be returning.This review is strictly for the liquor area of the store, did not try any of the food in the back. 
Great space, lots of selection, good deals! The staff was extremely helpful, they really want you to leave there happy! They also have tastings sometimes, free of charge and no purchase required.I recently discovered this hidden gem in the heart of uptown New Orleans. When I arrived, I was greeted by a store worker happy to help me find whatever I was looking for. During this particular visit, I was in search of champagne, ginger beer and vodka. Mimosas and Moscow Mules for everyone! I was guided over to each item and provided with recommendations for each. With a selection as huge as that in Martin, it is very helpful to be pointed in the right direction! The champagne recommended to me was, for under $10/bottle, one of the absolute best I have ever tasted. It was called Napoleon. I highly recommend it for your next mimosa adventure. There were multiple Ginger beers to choose from, and of course a huge selection of vodkas. I went with my old standby, Tito's! So, in conclusion, I highly recommend the helpful folks and huge selection at Martin Wine Cellar. I can't wait until I get to go back and explore further!It just feels good. It feels right to finally be able to return to Martin's on Barrone street. We have put one more piece of the puzzle back in place. Cedric worked  long and hard for his triumphant return. One of my poignant post Katrina memories was bumping into Cedric in Baton Rouge and hearing his heartbreaking story of what happened to Martin's in the immediate aftermath of the levee breaks. Remember they had just celebrated a milestone anniversary and renovated the store. And the new store does not disappoint. It still has a dizzying array of wines, spirits and good food in a sunny, spacious venue. Chef David is happily back home and preparing good food. Having ventured across the border a few times to visit Martin's in Metarie, I eagerly await some of the ambitious items I found on the menu there. I remember seeing sweetbreads not too long ago, alas it was only on the dinner menu and I wasn't about to make two trips to Metarie in one day but I can certainly and easily go twice in a day uptown. I look forward to being a regular once again. Welcome home.Martin offers unusual and thoughtfully curated wine with excellent customer service; I like a place where you can pick the brains of knowledgeable folks, who will be happy to have a conversation about the product and assist you with your choices. I actually went here for lunch, as I had heard good things about it, and it was excellent; I had a salad that had just been added to the menu, and I would go back again just for that. Bottled liquor also available.I haven't eaten yet and will tell you I won't come back here.  I asked what the bread options were and they were rattled off really quickly. I chose ciabatta and when I paid found out it was $2 extra.  It was not busy as they were closing and when I said never mind I didn't realize it was extra the girl literally laughed in my face and called her manager over.  While he kindly refunded me the girls behind the counter continued to laugh. I don't appreciate not being able to splurge for fancy bread being a laughing matter and I feel like this is absurd even writing it. 
Also there's stone enjoy by 12/25/15 still on the shelves at full price. 
See ya Martin's.Great lunches for dine-in or to-go, yummy prepared food in the refrigerated case, great cheese selection, and wine out the wazoo?  Yes, please!  Martin Wine Cellar keeps me from starving to death, but I've had to stop wandering the store while my to-go orders are prepared--I've maxed out my wine storage.  And the cakes in the refrigerated case start calling my name.Awesome uptown location. Security! Huge parking lots (2)! Great dining area. So NOLA!
Just had the meat pies. Very average taste but that won't keep me away! Chicken salad really good.Excellent service, great selection of wine and prices comparable to Costco.  I must admit I am a Costco fanatic however Martin's has comparable prices and better selection and is located very close to our home.  The service is fantastic.  I bought a fruity Rose by my own mistake that was not to our liking.  I brought it back after closing and Aaron not only let me in he allowed us to exchange are already opened bottle.  A true staple of New Orleans.  Highly recommend!Large space with expansive wine and craft beer collection. Plenty of food options to choose from. Salads, sandwiches, etc. Prices are in line with quality.First time here. Native New Orleans critter visiting again. Stopped in for lunch and had a very pleasant experience. Nice menu with decent wines by the glass. Great dining area in a brand new building in Uptown. Oh, and BTW, their single malt scotch selections are impressive.I went here yesterday for lunch with a  co worker.  We both got the Californian.  I got it without cucumbers, sprouts, creole mustard and mayo.  I suggested they should be all plain and add what you want.  It would be easier.  The avocado was brown and not fresh on the oven roasted turkey sandwich.  It did have lots of meat, but the bread wasn't toasted enough.  I also ordered a side salad $5.00 it was huge and I couldn't eat it.  So, all in all turkey sandwich side salad $17.70.  Way too pricey.A nice cheese selection (not St. James, but pretty good) and a dependably excellent deli are what you can expect. Very nice wine and liquor selection. Before the internet, Martin's was where you went for any specialty items.The selection is outstanding. They offer great products across all different price points. One of the things I love about the staff here is that they are incredibly knowledgeable about the products they sell, and there's no sense pretentious attitudes. Let's face it, wine connoisseurs have a reputation for being uninviting and snobbish. It can be intimidating trying to buy a nice bottle of vino. Not at Martin's, they are incredibly inviting and accessible. Their deli is also lively, with a wide array of food options.After reading so many great reviews about the deli here, I knew that I had to stop in and check this place out. I think it was Charles H.'s picture of that amazing Lindy that finally pushed me over the edge.
First of all, there are two huge parking lots, which for a business in this area is appreciated. It's nice being able to just park next to a place and walk in. It's a small luxury, but an important one. Walking in, I was so blown away at how gorgeous this space is. In the front, there is a nice selection of wine and other liquors. Further towards the back there is a refrigerator with beer.
I headed toward the back where there is a large deli area with tons of seating. You walk up and order and then they call you when your food is ready. They have lunch specials, but I knew I wanted that Lindy- a sandwich  loaded with oven-roasted turkey, Swiss, housemade coleslaw, tomato and Russian dressing on 7-grain bread. I also got a side of Zapp's, but who cares? The sandwich came out after a brief wait and WOW. Let me just say- that this sandwich exceeded all expectations. It had a ton of yummy turkey and cole slaw on it. The dressing was amazing and the bread was fresh. Also, the sandwich was huge. I took a picture, but I'm not even sure I did it justice. If I hadn't been starving, I would have taken half of it home, but all bets were off once I took a bite of this thing. It was so good and the dressing really put this sandwich over the top. For $11, I could have probably gotten two meals out of it, which is how I judge a place and it's pricing. What an amazing lunch!
I will definitely return to Martin's and if you find yourself hungry and ANYWHERE near this place stop in!I like this place, and it's one of the regular stops when I have family visit. They have a great kitchen in back with deli foods burgers and cheese boards in the back. Great little (big, actually) wine shop that caters to the full spectrum of booze inquiries. The rapid chillers up front are a nice touch since they don't have a lot of pre-refrigerated stuff for when you want to slake the thirst of your boil crowd. 
They also have one of the best selections of bourbon in town that I've fond ranging from the industrial solvent grade stuff (Old Crow, anyone?) to less frat house makes like Booker's.
I've never been disappointed with the food either. Their menu rotates a lot but they do have staples. The burgers are solid, and the huevos rancheros I had last time were amazing. Solid brunch place on a Sunday morning.You know the expression 'You don't know whatcha got til it's gone'?  The reborn Martin Wine Cellar in the Milan area neighborhood of Uptown embodies this.  A veritable fixture that provided a hub and pulse for decades pre-Katrina whose reemergence post-Katrina was often left in a questionable state at long last has reopened.  And thank goodness.  Another expression pops to mind too ' The more things change, the more they stay the same' which imo most New Orleanians embrace with the tenacity of a dog to a bone.  
I tried to go opening day but it was in fact too crowded for my taste, so I dragged my 2 youngest post lunch crowd on its second day open and was very pleased.  I reside a few short blocks away but only post-K, and pre-K I rarely visited this spot.  I'm happy to report the new construction building and ample parking exceeds expectations and delights on all levels.  Not much of a wine drinker myself we did grab a turkey poboy and some Zapp's running into a few neighbors, even spying our area's councilwoman.  Before we left we grabbed some boudin to go and a bottle of martini cherries.
What I loved: the energy, the selection, the airiness, and the overall environment.  What I (kind of expected and don't expect to change and) didn't love: the $10 poboy.  I mean: $10!?  For less $ and more sandwich I'll still be taking up residence at Zara's (and they even have a frequent buyer program).  But I guess you get what you pay for.  It's a beautiful building with a great menu, inventory, and well, even story / history.  I suppose call Martin's the rich man's Zara's, or call Zara's the poor man's Martin's.  I don't know, I do love them both, so there's that.
Once we got home we made many an Old Fashioned with the cherries, and now my 6 year old is begging me to stop writing this to go prepare the boudin for breakfast - the first thing on her mind this morning.  Duty calls!  
Go to Martin's.  Its rebirth galvanizes the new golden age of this neighborhood, and I'm pleased as punch to partake.I've been patronizing Martin Wine Cellar for lunch, on average, twice a week this month, taking advantage of their month long Culinary Special.  This special offer consists of a choice of any sandwich with a cup of the Soup of the Day or, a Tossed Salad or, a Caesar Salad.  The cost of my lunches has hovered around just over $12.  I'm not sure I'll make it thru their entire list of sandwiches before the Culinary Special expires because I've had to repeat some of my selections because they were so good, but I'm trying.Came here on a Sunday during half time of the Saints game and we were the only people ordering. I got a grilled chicken Cesar salad, my friends got the pork adobo eggs special and the lindi sandwich. There were a lot of people working and it seemed a little disorganized, I asked them to toss my salad with half the dressing which was a little confusing but all of our food ended up perfect and delicious in the end, pretty quickly made - about 5 minutes. Also the people working were super ridiculously nice. Would definitely come back for one of the best Cesar salads I've had in the city!Amazing customer service,  knowledgeable staff, and a variety of great wines!!! They have my favorite Frank Family Pinot noir.Stopped in to grab beer I couldn't find anywhere else and ended up staying for lunch. Had a good muffuletta that came out quickly (fewer than five minutes). Also got some pesto pasta salad to take home, which was a nice snack later. Reasonably priced; paid about $16 for the sandwich, salad and a coke. The wine/beer section is fun - lots of unique products. You can buy beers individually if you like to try things before committing to the sixer. They also have some cool Nola-themed gift baskets if you ever need a present!I don't visit Martin Wine Cellar often but when I do, I know I will have plenty options and the experience and food quality will always be consistent.  If you haven't been here yet (either location), it's worth the drive out of your way for a great spot.I've been here a couple of times since it opened and really would like it to succeed - its a great addition to a marginal neighborhood.  Great selection of wines as well as beer and spirits - easy parking!
we wanted to order some sandwiches - and could see some lovely prosciutto in their deli cases as well as a small but reasonable selection of cheeses and salads.  I tried to order what i thought was a very simple sandwich - proosciutto, mozzarella, tomato with pesto dressing. The behind the counter help was pretty clueless - they couldn't figure out if "ham" on their menu included prosciutto  - LMAO really? After 5 minutes of struggling with the first two gals, finally a young man who knew what the store was offering helped me and we got it right.  $11 dollars for a sandwich but in the end it was really good - make sure they understand your order!
A couple of questions to the owners: no tiramisu? wtf? this is ostensibly an italian deli isn't it? and no Wifi? HELLO - this is 2015.  Finally, no espresso maker?
It could be a lot better but they have only been open a few months :)Always consistent. Great variety of items for lunch and lovely way to prepare for your dinner by picking up some wine.
Friendly staff and what's better than local?!Whoa the new Martin's takes up the length of the entire block!  It now seems more like a supermarket sized institution instead of a mere wine cellar.  They have a large parking lot adjacent to the building and another smaller one across the street.  This was always my Martin's before Katrina as I used to live in the neighborhood.  I've greatly missed having the deli Uptown and I'm very glad its back but I would be lying if I said I didn't still miss the original building.  The new building is very spacious and modern looking (which I'm not the biggest fan of "modern" as it looks more like a joint that would belong in California, Texas or Metairie than Uptown NOLA and in fact from the front it looks a LOT like the Metairie store but I imagine most folks will like it) and it has a lot more seating for the deli than the old location or the Metairie location.  A new feature has also been added with a separate counter with a napkin, silverware and condiment "guard" to make sure you retrieve those items in an orderly and proper fashion.  They have lots of staff on hand with plenty of cash registers at the deli so there was never any significant line while I was there and everything seemed to move efficiently.  I hope they are going to be putting chalkboard menus up behind the deli counter like they had previously and still have at the Metairie location as it makes ordering a bit easier for the consistent menu items.  
Martin's is consistently a great place to eat and shop for gourmet food items (with a great cheese selection), wines, beers and liquor.   In the past they would've rated a four star easily but the stiff competition and sheer increase in the selection and quality of other bistro/deli's and gourmet food vendor's in the city has brought the standard up higher so for price value they lose a star as there are some great lunches that can be had in the area for about the same price as just one of Martin's sandwiches.  I'm a fan of Martin's but I'm also a fan of many other delicious places in the city so I'm still going to frequent this establishment but just not as frequently as I used to.
Overall I'm glad its finally re-opened and it makes things finally seem a bit more like they are returning to the glory of my nostalgic pre-Katrina days.This is for the Metairie location.  I find the staff not friendly at all except for the sweet lady with red hair and lipstick in the cafe section/kitchen, she is so nice and full of smiles.  I find the rest of the staff non-existent.  They are present, but look like they don't want to be bothered and have that very "don't bother me look" on their faces.  Maybe they are overwhelmed with the holidays, but I feel that I have felt this way other times I have shopped here.
I ordered the Drum special yesterday to bring home for dinner and it was OMG delicious.  Thank you!
I wish they would post on facebook, etc. their daily specials.  
One time I needed those little wine bottles and they were out.  I usually only need one glass not a whole large normal bottle of wine.  They were very helpful in helping me order a case at no charge.  They called when it was time to pick up and it was a very kind, effortless, professional transaction.  So, if you need to order alcohol they did a flawless job for me and I recommend them for that.  I appreciate that and thank you.Martin's has great food and an awesome wine selection. Make sure you check your To Go orders before you leave. I've probably ordered Take Out 10 times since the new Baronne location has opened and literally EVERY SINGLE time they have messed up the order.Got sandwiches to go. The service was very friendly and the sandwiches were tasty. But. The sandwiches are overpriced for what you get. I was disappointed . It was 26 dollars for 2 sandwiches. No drinks, chips or pickles. Not worth the money.I am really surprised by the high reviews for this place. We live around the corner so often buy our liquor there, they have a great selection and some good sales. The food, however, is ridiculously priced and mediocre. When both Milkbar and St James are so close, I don't understand why someone would frequent this place. The clientele looks nothing like the neighborhood, they must ship them in from the other side of St Charles. My friend ordered a vegetarian sandwich, which they piled with meat. In the end, she paid $12 for two small pieces of bread and some sprouts. I am fine with paying for a quality product, but this was mediocre. I also don't think the management is strong, the staff seemed ambivalent and most likely mistreated. Will continue to stop in for champagne, but never for their food again.Generally love Martin Food in Metry and Nola location. However, ordered hot roast beef poboy to go today and when opened packaging found a long black hair in my sandwich. Yuck! Very disappointing.I ordered from the catering menu - a half pan of jambalaya. It tasted like it was from a box. Not good. The service was wonderful, though. There are very nice people working there.Great wine selection, awesome food, not so great location...but overall, I enjoy coming here. The roasted vegetable sandwich is delicious; and HUGE! I wish I could go out to Martin's more often just to get that sandwich. There's tons of seating for a lunch crowd, so that's definitely a bonus, in addition to ample parking. 
The staff has always been super friendly towards me and helpful when deciding on a new wine to bring home.I just used Martin's Wine Cellar's catering department for an event at my home this weekend, and they were FABULOUS! I have never had such an easy and stress-free time dealing with such vendors. The food was delicious, the crew and bartender was great and professional, the trays and glassware looked wonderful and not cheap, and dealing with Gena (the director of catering) was a joy. I strongly recommend working with them when hosting parties.We recently held an event at the Orpheum Theater in New Orleans and worked with JP and Martin Wine Cellar to provide the wine.  The service, communication, and most of all, product were outstanding!  I would highly recommend them for supplying wine for your next event or party!It was a happy day when Martin's finally reopened Uptown after Katrina!  We love going there for lunch - not the cheapest place, but the food is good and the service is excellent.  I know nothing about wine, but when I am entertaining I know I can go in there, tell them what I am serving, and have them select something that my guests rave about.  Makes me look as though I DO know something about it!Loved this place! Great selection of bourbons and prices. Staff was very helpful, even kept a bag i left behind in their office until i went to get it back.Happy hour + nice location + friendly staff = nice non crowded location to meet friends
Came here for their "4 for 4" happy hour which is $4 glasses of wine for 4 hrs 4:30-8:30.  And they have appetizer specials during that time too.  Loved that we could sit outside and the wine wasn't bad.  I am more of a vodka person so :-)  Great selection inside and very nice and bright.  I plan on using this as my secret happy hour spot to meet friends from now on!This has been my lunch spot for a few years now. I love the food & service. Catering is also exquisite. My favorite items that are a must try follow: executive club, Sena salad, Cuban sandwich, martins Cobb salad, turkey sandwich with sweet potato fries, and a red velvet slice of cake.Went in yesterday to purchase alcohol for an event. Within 5 minutes Candice came up to me and I kinda of just started firing off my list. She and the other staff at the store where so knowledgable and kind and had me out of there in under 20 minutes with my $1000 purchase. Will be returning!!An excellent wine market with a wide selection and expert advice.  Also a popular and high quality deli.  Boutique munchies for sale in the market.  A convivial atmosphere that can handle larger groups, but make individuals feel welcome too.  Abundant parking, disabled access.  One of my favorite places.  One of the gems of New Orleans!Generally love Martin Food in Metry and Nola location. However, ordered hot roast beef poboy to go today and when opened packaging found a long black hair in my sandwich. Yuck! Very disappointing 
Came back twice since and food had been great! I know stuff can happen4 employees in the kitchen preparing my food were not wearing masks properly -- 1 was not wearing one at all -- during a pandemic. Needless to say, I lost my appetite and won't be returning here to eat :(This is one of those places you just know you're going to spend more money than you meant to after you walk in. Good wine selection and better yet, a deli counter with delicious sandwiches. They're always busy for lunch but I love coming here and getting a sandwich to go and then heading to the Audubon park for the afternoon. The selection of cheese is more extensive in the Metairie location but still, this is pretty good.Always fresh and delicious. Great staff that is happy to help you find whatever you need. When you need booze or bites, this is your best local stop.I think Martins is way below its potential. Here is what I would do to make it better:
A the location is terrible, should be on Magazine
B the wine selection is more about low price points than it is about people that know wine
C they need to get rid of the staff behind the counter. They are not happy or respectful. Pay up for stability and maturity. 
D the wine staff does not know wine
E the premium wine room should be a bathroom or broom closet. Rouses has better wine.
This is the Uptown Location ... No comment on other storesSuch a great place to pop in for some nice wines or specialty beers and liquor. Everyone here is extremely knowledgeable and helpful and can help you find whatever you're looking for. They carry Ridge wines, which can be difficult to find. On my most recent visit, they had Augustiner beer, which I didn't think you could get anywhere at all. The lunch and brunch options are always delicious- I'm a big fan of the bagels, which are Davidovich out of NYC. There's something for everyone here, no matter what you're craving. Also I didn't realize until my most recent visit that they can make a custom basket for you and put shrink wrap on it!Cute little place that I usually go to brunch with my girlfriends. Love the menu options and the food tastes so fresh. Inexpensive but tasty drinks. Central location in New Orleans. I'm a fan!Pandemic update:
Martin's is doing a great job. All staff is wearing masks. Outside there are clear signs that say clean baskets and used baskets for your grocery carts. They are doing in side pickup and delivery (not sure if that's just food or what). There is a big table at the front door with orders pulled for pickup. 
The shelves are fully stocked with all the booze. They had a good cheese selection and they have limited catering items from the kitchen in the back. All the tables in the kitchen area are pushed together and all the chairs are stored away. 
So if you're drinking your way through this insanity. Martin's has you covered.Martin's has one of my favorite sandwiches in the city! I always get the "Californian"! I know it's terrible that I am not branching out, but it's just so good that I can't resist getting anything else! The Californian is made up of oven-roasted turkey, Havarti, avocado, sprouts, cucumbers, tomato, Creole mustard & mayo and I always get it on their 7-grain bread. They also have a liquor store built into the space, so it's nice to grab a glass of wine with lunch or another favorite of mine would be Barq's. They also have wonderful baked goods such as carrot cake, which is FABULOUS! This is a great place for lunch and also a great stop if you need to buy some booze (they have very reasonable prices). They are pretty quick with their service, but they do have a long line around lunch time.Wow! The store is pretty huge and spacious for a neighborhood market. There is beaucoup parking adjacent to the store (on the lakeside) and across Peniston in a new lot.
There were plenty of staff to offer assistance and while the store was still being fully stocked (they only opened on Friday), there was plenty of interesting items to peruse. 
The deli area is huge! The cases are spacious and it was definitely not crowded the day after their opening. There was a grab & go case but also plenty of seating for dining in. 
I bought a sampling of single local beers for a houseguest at the end of the month and some Martins branded fruitcake for an early present for my parents. I will definitely be hitting up the deli/prepared food section in the months ahead.
Also, I moved all my photos from the Closed version of this store to the new listing. Yes after all this time, I still fail at Yelp.I am a self-proclaimed sandwich beast. In fact, I could live on a rotation of sandwiches, sushi, and egg drop soup for the rest of my days. (Desert island menu, anyone?) But sandwiches are my main source of sustenance, which means I needed to try out the new location of Martin Wine Cellar. 
When I rolled up at 11a on a Wednesday, it was a ghost town. The employees on the booze side were dusting the shelves and reading books. They looked attentive enough, and the aisles were nicely dust-free. They're also wide enough for two carts and just tall enough for someone to read the labels without bending over awkwardly. (Nothing worse than trying to read the label of something on the bottom shelf without flashing someone. Uhhhh, not that I've ever done that or anything...)
Parking was easy. I scored a spot in the private lot across the street, but there were plenty of spaces in the lot adjacent to the store and on the street. That was a load off my mind because I was not prepared to pay for lunch and parking today. 
Fueled by the reviews from Charles H. and Jen L., I headed straight back to the deli section. The layout is straight-forward: cheese, pre-made meals, more cheese, deli meats, sides and cold foods, and a sandwich counter. The pre-made section is a lot like the upscale offerings from Rouses or Whole Foods, and the prices reflect that. Yikes. I was not expecting some of those numbers. 
When I got to the sandwich boards, I felt stuck; I needed food, but I didn't need food at this price. The prices were inexplicably high. Like $3-$4 higher than Stein's prices with smaller sandwiches at Martin. Whoa. To wit, the Nova Delight is lox, cream cheese, capers, and onions on a bagel for $13.99. No choice of bagel, no tomatoes, and all of 6 capers per half. At Stein's, I can get the same sandwich on my choice of (a larger, better) bagel for $9.99.  The other sandwiches I saw coming out of the kitchen were smaller by almost half that what I can scoop at Stein's, and that's not cool. Oh, and my scoop of potato salad? $2.49, no price posted. Another moment of sticker shock. 
I just can't get behind sandwiches that are marked up so high for no obvious reason. These are not "super premium" sandwiches. They are not over-stuffed. But a $9 turkey sandwich with a la carte sides might fly Uptown. I did have a lingering sense of, "I guess I'm paying for that fancy kitchen back there..."
My suspicion is that happy hour and the hot plates are really the way to go with Martin on Baronne. I'm going to try them again to see if the happy hour is as wonderful as it seems ($4 bites and pours at 4).
The deli staff were great. Everyone was smooth, cool, and well-trained. I can't find a single fault in the service. It was seamless and wonderful. I hope it continues as such.
One weird problem: I did not get cell phone service in this building. I had a magazine to read as I ate so no huge loss, but it was weird. If I were touching base with someone before buying a bottle of wine (or trying to check-in on Yelp while I waited for my food!), I'd be peeved. But I was glad that the other diners were forced to converse with their local companions instead of their invisible friends.  
Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Shelves on the booze side are too high for many seated shoppers to properly access product. High counter at the deli. Automatic doors. Ramps at the front and on the curb.Used to be 5-Star, then 4, now 3. Not headed in the right direction. Trouble is, the staff's seeming indifference has now extended to their behind-the-counter crew. Menu selections seem more limited, prices are definitely continuing to rise, and frankly the quality of the food is way down in our opinion.
The Caprese Salad, one of their former faves, has become just a puddle of balsamic dressing buoying some sad wilting spinach and basil leaves. Never before had it become necessary to pick out black or past-its-due-date greens from a Martin Wine Cellar salad.
As for the Hot Roast Beef Sandwich on French, if it weren't for the puny sliver of tomato included in the "dressed" rendition of this classic, there'd be almost no moisture at all. Do they not understand how "roast beef gravy" works? (Not sure now why the menu even mentions it.) Prepare to reassemble the sammy yourself in order that bites taken on either side of the central axis might contain a little meat!
Raspberry iced tea that tastes like blue PowerAde? No thanks.
Sorry, blowing $30-50 on a lunch for two that leaves both of us HUNGRY is not our idea of Uptown dining. Let us know if things return to normal one day. Until then, we shan't be back.I've never had a bad meal here!  Both the uptown and Metairie locations are outstanding.  My go to sandwich is the cuban.  Easy to get in and have a fabulous lunch.  So good:)Martin's is a terrific example of how to run a business.  The owner has taken a conventional wine and liquor store and turned it into one of New Orleans best places to eat good food (and of course, drink their fine wine).  We like to go at lunch.  Today I had the hamburger which came with cheese and bacon along with the traditional garnishes, and of course, fries. (And I think the potatoes are fresh.).   Around $14.  
When in New Orleans--or Metairie--go to Martin's for delicious food.A MUCH NEEDED UPTOWN "DELI-TERIA"
Yeah, "Shannon S" is right, the new store is suburban Metairie-esque but it's quickly becoming the uptown village center, mainly because It's our largest public dining hall and it's a beautifully efficient space (think the restaurant at MoMA). For example, the day I was there I saw a gym buddy from the JCC, some postal workers, my lay minister at St Henry's, contractors on cell phones, several tables of ladies lunching over wine, and I could have sworn Junior Gallette joking about the tables (but he was arrested that morning on domestic violence charges).
KINDA PRICEY BUT SANS GRATIS
Martin's is counter service with no tipping which offsets their $2 or so sandwich premiums. Now while the posted menu seems competitive, with about 25 sandwiches priced between $9 and $12, no sides are included. Even so my delicious Cuban and a scoop of potato salad rang in cheaper than Burger King, at $12.57 after tax.Awesome lunch spot! Have a wide variety of sandwiches and salad. Something for everyone and they are quick!Don't go here for lunch if you don't want to walk in to a war zone. The person taking your order is the first lieutenant and the woman yelling out orders ready for pick up is the general. They both have a look of people who have seen the battlefield strewn with sort of okay sandwiches and decent salads. If they mess up your order in the back then good luck. That's a 40 minute wait for you. Don't you dare tell them how long you've been waiting or else they won't give you any napkins. I ordered the Liddy Special. It was...mediocre. It lacked in the flavor and tasted like I was chewed on a mop that had just finished cleaning spilled Russian Dressing.
As for the store itself. Very good selection of beer, liquor and wine. I highly recommend the store for it's knowledgeable staff and variety of booze. I really enjoy that I can buy single beers here if I'm looking to simply sample a beer.
Basically come for the booze and good luck at the lunch counter.Martin Wine Cellar is my favorite wine & liquor store.  I also love their selection of specialty food items, their catering menu, and their cafe menu.  
I would consider Martin to be a high-end store, but they have unbeatable prices on their wide variety wine and spirits.  They also regularly offer further discounts on their wine based on the volume you purchase (ie 20% entire purchase of 10 more bottles).  The wine store is also full of knowledgable wine experts- they are super friendly and always happy to share their knowledge.  Check their schedule to see when they are having their next wine tasting or happy hour- those are great too!
Martin has been go-to spot for my mom & I for years for lunch.  The Senna salad, the californian sandwich, and their executive club are some of our lunch favorites and are delicious.  You can make your own cheese plates here as well ( which are also great to take home and use for entertaining).  The deli also has a great selection of pate and different cured meats and a decent selection of caviar- all great for entertaining.  If you're having a larger or more formal party, the catering menu is fantastic!  Whether you're having a party, stocking your liquor cabinet, or just grabbing lunch, I highly recommend Martin Wine Cellar!If you want to wait an hour for a sandwich directly off the menu, no special requests, this is your place.I ordered a cheese board on waitr for lunch and wrote a few things i liked in the description for her to pick from. She called to get some more info from me and wrote me a cute note about the cheese she picked! great customer serviceThis is our go-to wine store!  The staff is unfailingly helpful and friendly.  There is a large selection of wines, beers and spirits.  The full-service deli is convivial and makes sandwiches and salads if the highest quality.  It is a popular spot for locals, but there is usually seating available.  Not far from the St. Charles streetcar line.  We have also used their delivery service, that was particularly helpful during the pandemic when we sought to limit our public contact.  Martins also hosts wine tastings and educational seminars both public ally and for private parties.