The food is amazing! It's hard to find Tonkatsu in NOLA, near my house.  Their Tonkatsu is amazing!  I'm hooked! Great service! I left there with take out and I turned my ankle on the street car tracks.   I went back in because my food was spilling everywhere and my knee was bleeding.   They offered me and ice and a bandaid and replaced my food. Top notch!!! I'll be back!This place reminds me of the ramen shops/restaurants in japan. Very much styles like homeland. The service was great, possible due to it was a little empty due to inclement weather. But food came out fast. Menu is a little large and kinda falls into the Asian fusion because it includes plates from other Asian countries. I ordered who dat roll and sexiest man roll, they were both delicious. I also order gyoza which I loved and was cooked correctly. Had some of the yellowtail neck which is an appetizer and to make it right needed to be baked and the waitress came back to let us know it will be a few more minutes. And made it sound super special which is a Plus. For the final plate I had y'all udon, which I thought was a little too greasy/oily, but the taste was well.
Great place for a date, karaoke, group of friends,and family dinners. Pricing is not bad either. I recommend it. And there is no loud music which makes it perfect for conversations. Enjoy!I ordered food from WaitR from this restaurant after reviewing all of the positive reviews.  Wow, what a disappointment.  The fried rice was flavorless - very few shrimp, little onion or seasoning.  The shrimp did not look or taste like Louisiana farmed shrimp!  They forgot my soup, egg rolls were not good at all.  The highlight of the meal was the teriyaki steak.  Good portion and it tasted better than the rest.  We also ordered the shrimp dumplings.  Yuck.  Pasty and zero flavor.Just found out this place changed from Little Tokyo to Masterp1ece, so I decided to give it a try. Wow! Two thumbs up! I am a sushi addict so I'm rather critical. The sushi is very fresh and the small plates/appetizers were delicious as well. I'm very impressed and will definitely be coming back. I used to order Little Tokyo occasionally because it was open pretty late. The environment is the same, but I personally feel like the food is a huge improvement. Way to go!I almost don't want to write this review so that it can be a little hidden gem but I want this restaurant to stay open for a long time so I can try everything on their menu.  Ordered the crawfish wonton appetizer...delicious & loved that it wasn't stuffed with cream cheese or other fillers.  I got the drunken fried rice and husband got the tonkotsu ramen...both were delicious.  The best fried rice I've had in a long time...flavorful generous portion with crawfish, shrimp, chicken, and beef.  Tried husband's tonkatsu ramen and the broth was amazing.  I thought the eggs were slightly over cooked but this big bowl of goodness was filled with delicious pork.  We were given clear soup with tiny bits of noodles to start (no charge) which was simple and delicious.  Got a milk tea with boba to go...thought the price was a little high but was yummy.  Restaurant was empty when we went but phone was ringing pretty consistently so maybe they get a lot of take out orders?  Amazing service...water always filled and server made sure we were satisfied with everything.  My husband says this might be his favorite restaurant in Nola so far...we plan to go back regularly (we would go back tomorrow but we have leftovers ).Dark and dingy is what I think of when I go to this place.  They retained a lot of the decor of the place that was here before them.  Food was so so and it wasn't anything special.  They have decent food at a decent price.There is barely a wait time. They cook fast but everything is well cooked. The sushi is fresh. They also have so many drinks like boba, smoothies and frappes. I ordered the chocolate frappe and my dad got the green apple tea. They both tasted really good. I would walk down there from my campus just to get their beverages. You can also get the boba and snack combo where they put a little bowl on top of the cup like 2 in 1. The server and the owner were very friendly and accommodating. They even let my little puppy stay in their air conditioned porch room thing at the front and gave him water because I didn't want him to stay in the car. The doors are closed by the way so technically he wasn't in the restaurant.Restaurant was empty and myself and other regulars wanted to karaoke in the empty restaurant after 10pm and were denied. Maybe they should take main stage out if they are going to deny access. Or maybe post karaoke days or hours? Unfortunately lost business because of it, and I'm sure it will continue to happen. Erick was great, will return for him, but definitely disappointed in the disregard for customer satisfactionCame here for dinner and here are the results:
PROS: didn't see a parking garage but it appears you can park on the street without having to pay, friendly service, fast service (in matter of just 2 minutes, my drink order arrived at my table and 4 minutes later, the first food item was delivered), prices were reasonable ($5 for boba drink and overall total for 6 items was about $60).
CONS: the food was overall decent but not flavorful (with the exception of the kimchi udon), boba drink was just ok, fried foods were a little bland, the decor is somewhat dark and could use some updates.
OVERALL: not a bad choice for a quick bite to eat, but if returning, would definitely not order the boba drinks due to the boba being too soft and not chewy.Visited for the first time last night. The serve was very friendly and the sushi was decent. I had the spicy salmon roll and the Rock and Roll. The spicy salmon is basic and pretty hard to mess up and I thought the same for the Rock and Roll except they found a way. Use cold soggy shrimp tempura in it, that's a sure fire way to mess up a good sushi roll. Other than that no complaints. They have plum wine which makes me happy. I will go back and make sure that I specifically request fresh shrimp tempura be used.The sushi here was so good that I have to go back for more. The Girl on fire roll and the Fillet mignon roll was amazing. There Strawberry cheesecake with Nutella roll for dessert was so good. Everyone was so nice and the Karaoke was a lot of fun, we laughed hard...This place was brought back to life again. Interesting food - not boring Japanese sushi or ramen. They are bold enough to blend asian street-food cuisine on their menu. An old soul trapped in a semi-new body. You can feel the fun vibes still, even though nothing has changed but has become more enjoyable. Give it a try and you will not regret.Thank god this place is under new management! 
First the waitress is very nice . She delivers great customer service. 
They give you a complimentary house soup. 
The food are delicious.  
The tonkotsu ramen was good but the meat was a little dry and the egg wasn't soft boiled. 
But overall , it's my next to go place when I'm in uptown.This place used to be the old little Tokyo on south Carrollton, but it is now this new place Masterp1ece. We tried it out for the first time the other day and it was amazing! They serve their sushi on these wooden boards which I think is adorable! The fish they use is super fresh and their rolls are a little different from other places ingredient wise but I loved the combinations that they have. I also tried the squid/seaweed/tuna salad and loved that they give you large slices of tuna in it for $5 and some change. They also gave us complementary soup as an appetizer and complementary mung bean soup for dessert which was so kind of them. The servers there are super sweet and attentive as well, which is always a plus. They also have these cool glass spheres which they have soy sauce in that tastes unlike any other soy sauce I've ever had. Loved this place and will be back!This place has the best Sushi and Ownership in New Orleans bar none! I can't wait to come back every time I'm in town!Very disappointing. I ordered via Postmates and it was my first time trying Masterp1ece. That will be the only time. The shrimp shumai was very oily, the "sexy man roll" was inedible - almost all Mayo snow crab mix and the outer tuna was a really pale, odd color- it didn't look like very good quality, and the futomaki roll tasted like feet. Thankfully the spicy salmon roll was mediocre but edible - comparatively glorious. I wish I could get my money back. It may have just been and off day for them, but I won't risk it.This was my first time here. We ordered a tower appetizer with wontons, crab salad and chopped fresh tuna. The teriyaki chicken plate and two rolls. Everything was very good and the waitress was very nice and very customer service oriented. They also gave us complementary clear soup as soon as we sit down which was nice and refreshing. I will return to try other items on the menu, the Ramen sounds good.Eric the bartender is AMAZING!! Food is fresh, service was quick, servers are friendly. Had an awesome night at Masterp1ece celebrating my summer birthday!! I will be back!Love this place! The sushi is just ok, but the bubble teas and cooked food... specially the Javanese fried rice  keeps me coming back. And customer service is fabulous! Always feel welcome and taken care of.This is arguably the best sushi in New Orleans and surrounding areas. The Sushi Chef is amazing at his craft and will make you anything at your request. I have been here many of times since they opened and I would have to say, this my go to place. The creative sushi and the diverse flavoring with other dishes that the chef creates will definitely produce some Joy in your Life.My boyfriend and I stopped in here one night thinking it was still Little Tokyo... we were pleasantly surprised! Major upgrade on quality and menu in general. The drunken fried rice, chicken fried rice, steak fried rice, crunchy roll, chicken teriyaki and clear soup are ALL great! We will continue to come back to keep sampling things on the menu. They have a huge variety of street food and sushi.This place was AWESOME when they first opened! But sadly we won't be going back. We ordered to-go last night, my boyfriend didn't eat his because he said the taste of his sushi roll grossed him out, well i should of listened. This morning my stomach is gurgling and I'm glued to the toilet. Very disappointed.If I could give 6 stars, I would. Picture this. It's a Sunday, about 4pm, you're 6 months pregnant and searching for an Asian restaurant but most places are closed. It being Sunday an all.
You've managed to miss lunch while working, and the snack you had at 11:30 is long gone. Hangry is an understatement. You see this place is open, you've been before and know they have good food. Perfect. Done.
It's now 4:30, you reach the front door and realize they don't open until 5pm. Shit, shit, shit. Meltdown imminent. At that moment the front door opens, and a man emerges. You double check they don't open until five, and he says correct and when you say- oh no, I need to eat RIGHT NOW he says then come on in. They can still feed you. Servers won't be there until five but all the kitchen staff is there and mostly prepped.
He sat us down, got our drink order- water and brought soup with it. I almost cried. I'm not showing much and I was wearing a baggy shirt, so I don't think this was pregnant pity. I think they just have that amazing customer service.
I will be a customer for life now.One of my favorite Ramen spots in the city ! If you like spicy try the Laksa ramen, the flavor is un-real. Haven't been disappointed yet! Thank you Masterp1ece for always serving amazing foodI've been to this place a few times since it's become Masterp1ece. I've had the bento box a couple of times (shrimp teriyaki & steak teriyaki). The bento box is quite a bit of food (soup, salad, 6 pieces of sushi, 2 gyoza, your protein or veggies, and fried rice) for a reasonable price (around $13). I've also had the crab ball and the jalapeño popper appetizers. I've had the drunken fried rice a couple of times as well. All the food is good but not spectacular. It seems to lack flavor. I had to add a lot of soy sauce and some sweet & sour sauce to the rice to kick it up a notch. The service is always good (I've dined in and picked up since I work on Oak Street). The fried rice that comes on the bento box has very good flavor. However, the stand alone fried rice (I usually get the drunken fried rice) is lacking something. I ask for sweet chili sauce to go on it when I order it and it helps. I had the steak teriyaki bento box for the first time the other day and it was much better than the shrimp teriyaki bento box.Great sushi place in Carrollton! This was our first time trying it and we will be back. The Mie Ayam was so good and flavorful. The sushi was also great! We got the east bank roll and rock n roll. Very fresh. The service was fantastic!! I have never had such an attentive waitress before. She was so sweet and helpful when ordering (I had never had Mie Ayam before). Great new addition to the neighborhood and to the nola sushi scene!So this is a spot I love to go to! It's great for birthdays because of the karaoke. But besides that everyone is so friendly that works there! 
The food is great I love the variety of options that the menu has to offer. We ate here in a big group so got to try a lot of everything. From sushi rolls to entrees. And we can't forget the sake bombs! 
Also special shoutout to the staff as mentioned before we went for a birthday and they were very helpful in getting us knife to cut the cake and even threw in a special treat for the birthday girl.Laksa ramen was soooo good!  Good quality. Good service.  Reasonable price.  Can't wait to come back and try more stuff.The ramen is fantastic and if you're looking for a good boba smoothie... this is THE place for it!I ordered from this place on Postmates. They gave my food to the wrong delivery driver. I never received my food and I called them and they did not apologize and instead told me to contact Postmates to figure out the issue. The least they could do was make me another order. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL BUSINESSThe worst sushi restaurant experience I've had in New Orleans. For starters, I was given "clear soup" with noodles and soy sauce (as broth). Then, I ordered Shrimp Shumai which  were not cooked fully. After sending it back, what I received was nothing short of a ball of dough. Half cooked shrimp were literally halfway falling out. And did the entree, the Sexiest man roll had the worst snow crab I've ever had. I hate writing negative reviews really but this has to be published. Considering the restaurant was empty of customers at 730 pm on a busy night for dinner, I suppose I'm not the only one. Veggie tempura was the only thing I could finish. Please be warned.Fresh sushi and ramen, serves til 2am. Huge menu, generous portions, reasonable prices, excellent service. Late night Karaoke ranging from silly to hilarious. Will definitely go back to try their weekday lunch specials. First visit we tried gyoza soup, triple sashimi, and assorted maki--really happy with everything we ordered. So happy to find something besides Rally's & Camellia Grill open late night on Carrollton!so good! i loved their dessert sushi i got  used to come to little tokyo with my friends every tuesday and we were so sad our place was gone. the ramen here is just as amazing! and the staff is so kind and helpful. 10/10 would recommend!!The ramen is so good!!!!!!!!! I got the spicy bang bang ramen special, which had a sesame pork broth. The broth was AMAZING with a little siracha. I definitely recommend getting a pork broth based ramen. My boyfriend had the Mongolian beef ramen which had a creamy pork broth. His dish was good, but we found the broth in mine to be considerably better. We also had a rock-n-roll, which was great! Service was very good, and all the staff seemed to be kind. Will surely be making this our new ramen spot.It was so good I had to come back for seconds the next day. All the fish were really freshIf your looking for a dining experience that will surprise and delight you then look no further.  The sushi chef surprised me with not only beautifully presented sushi and sashimi but also with amazing flavors. The chef Iwan had no problem coming out and recommending the most appetizing noodle bowls and appetizers. This is a must have experience for foodies and sushi lovers.Masterp1ece has a nice big menu and everything I've tried has been great! My personal favorites are the vegetable tempura and salt and pepper tofu. My boyfriend is a fan of the hibachi plates, especially the scallops. The servings are pretty big so I never walk away hungry! The staff is friendly and attentive, whether you're eating in or taking out. If you haven't been in since they first opened, definitely give them another try! They're always improving and with the very reasonable price point they're quickly becoming my preferred Japanese restaurant in the neighborhood!I've been to this place a few times since it's become Masterp1ece. I've had the bento box a couple of times (shrimp teriyaki & steak teriyaki). The bento box is quite a bit of food (soup, salad, 6 pieces of sushi, 2 gyoza, your protein or veggies, and fried rice) for a reasonable price (around $13). I've also had the crab ball and the jalapeño popper appetizers. I've had the drunken fried rice a couple of times as well. All the food is good but not spectacular. It seems to lack flavor. I had to add a lot of soy sauce and some sweet & sour sauce to the rice to kick it up a notch. The service is always good (I've dined in and picked up since I work on Oak Street). All in all it's just okay in my option.This is my favorite sushi spot in New Orleans.  I recommend the filet mignon roll.  
OMG...
That is all.Great food. Awesome seevice.
Try the dunken rice. This was my first time here and no regrets.
Loved it..................I got the pagoda tower and had no idea how to eat it until I smashed it with my chopsticks. It was really good! Different than normal sushi apps. I HAD to get the filet Mignon sushi bc steak on sushi is my THANG! Always get it when I see it (See my pics). The steak was soooo tender! It was delicious, though I think osaka has a better steak-on-sushi roll. My husband loved it! This place is definitely better than the noodle place before!This replaced the old Little Tokyo. It's now well lit, and has an extremely varied menu including but not limited to sushi, fried rice, noodle dishes, ramen, and grilled foods. Service is attentive even though for both visits there was very little business. 
I had the Japanese fried rice, comes with a fried egg on top and was super tasty, I'll have to try the sushi soon, there is just so much on the menu I want to explore some more. 
The menu could use a little better wording and is a bit much to browse over, but if you ask any and all questions will be answered. You also get three menus: Food, Sushi, and Bubble Tea.
Check it out, don't let the old Little Tokyo sway you, it's a bit different but the food is pretty good.Love the food here! My late night go-to. The chef(s) take great pride in the prep, taste, and looks of their dishes.The food is very good. The Tom Yum Udon has a nice kick to the broth , Super Dragon Roll is my favorite ( love the eel), Bowl Of Happiness, Drunken Fried Rice,and Finish off with Strawberry Cheesecake  Roll. 
The service is fantastic .The waitress is very nice and friendly. I also got Mango Smoothies with tapioca . It was amazing . Will be back for sure
***** Uni shooter**** So freshThe customer service is amazing they come and check everything is okay and if you liked the food is good as well, the ramen is great and all the different options are great as wellLiterally sitting here eating as I type. First time here most deff not the last. Ordered the heart attack roll with the fresh jalapeño and OMG. Super reasonably priced and great drinks and service. If you haven't tried it you're really missing out. 11/10 would recommend. Let's get it sisters ‍Really good!!! My friends and I used to come to little Tokyo every Tuesday and were sad that it closed, but now we have a new spot. So pleased with the food and the service was amazing. I liked the milk tea also. There was a large selection of toppings, I had the Thai green tea. Can't wait to come Karaoke soon!The sushi is well made, the owner is kind and personal, and the bubble tea is fresh and phenomenal, what more could you ask for in a sushi cuisine? Between the sake bombs and the karaoke, you can't help but have a blast! Also if you like ice cream (which who doesn't), ask for the Taro ice cream (holy cow it's good)!So glad this place replaced the old Little Tokyo! Food was great, service was fast and everything was well priced! Staff definitely went out of their way to make my friend and I experience enjoyable. They have this best little deal all day long called "Happy Meal Deals" where everything on it is under $5!This place is a really solid option! We had two different options and had the gyoza as well, all of which were great. There is also private karaoke (KTV) there, but we didn't check it out, perhaps another time! There is a lot of seating, and street parking, as well as a parking lot.Food is good and well priced here but PLEASE UPDATE YOUR HOURS ON YOUR DOOR!!! This is the second time I've come here and you've been closed but the times on your sign don't reflect that.Absolutely fantastic. From ramen to sushi and everything else we've tried, ingredients are fresh and perfectly prepared. Service was awesome too even though the restaurant was full. Reasonably priced, too! You can't go wrong, folks.Finally had a chance to try after having seen the new signs go up a while ago. Very friendly service. The options on menu are a little overwhelming in variety. My friend and I decided to stick with sushi rolls for our first visit. We ordered the Empire Lobster Roll, Filet Mignon Roll, Crunchy Roll, and Salmon Avocado Roll. For the special rolls the flavor was great and presentation as well. The basic rolls were tasty as well. Nice atmosphere and quick service on a slower rainy night. We noticed several people stopping in to pick up orders. Obviously they are impressing others with their food as well to brave stormy weather. Looking forward to trying more of the menu.After a few tries, I finally got to try Masterp1ece. Ive enjoyed every restaurant in this location since Cucos, so I was eager to check out the newest incarnation. I've been addicted to ramen for lunch since little Tokyo was here. Masterp1ece is finally open for lunchtime and today I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and the Metairie Roll (too much food but I wanted to try a few things). 
I called in my order for pick up. The staff is super nice and enthusiastic both on the phone and in the restaurant. It's obvious they're excited to be here and to share their food. They have a decent sushi menu, entrees and bubble tea. I couldn't find Ramen on the menus but he gave me the options by phone. I was offered the Bubble Tea punch card (10th Tea Free!!). I'll try it next time. 
Got home and ate. Everything was good. The sushi was excellent actually and they gave a plethora of sauces. The Ramen I enjoy and could have use more flavors. I think having a menu with options and add ons would have been helpful. 
All in all, this is my new go to sushi, Ramen, Bubble Tea spot in Carrollton!!The food here is generally quite mediocre and there are so many other more flavorful options around it just makes it rather hard to choose this place.  They have a really varied and interesting menu but the food lacks that important component of FLAVOR.  For example their Singapore Noodles dish is the most disappointing example of the dish I've ever sampled and the nearby China Orchid has a much better version.  They have some potential but they really need to concentrate on improving the flavors.This place was amazing. It was a Saturday night around 1am and a friend and I were looking for somewhere to eat, as most places would be closed at that time of night. Luckily, Masterp1ece was opened, and it did not disappoint. The fast service, great company, and amazing food all made for a terrific dining experience. I highly recommend not only trying this place once or twice, but also to make it a regular, weekly eating spot.My go-to sushi restaurant was closed for a staff holiday, so I ordered a few rolls from Masterp1ece. Big mistake. 
The rolls all had a weird smell. Not a fishy smell, but something synthetic. The salmon avocado and crunchy dynamite rolls were the only ones that tasted half decent. The others (spider roll and  spicy tuna) were almost inedible, particularly the spider roll, which was way more rice than fish. 
I can't speak to the quality of their other menu items, but don't get the sushi.I am writing this while eating left over ramen and it is still incredible. Probably the best ramen I have had in the city. the spring rolls are great too. We got take out through a delivery service so i can't imagine how good it would be fresh but i wouldn't even hesitate on take out from them again.Gave them another chance for the first time since they opened. A mistake. Nice people and good service, but they don't have enough volume to consistently serve fresh sushi. Several pieces in a seafood salad were clearly off and we paid the price later. Miso soup was watered down as was the sauce for the shrimp dinner which tasted more of salt than curry. The New Orleans roll was OK. Back to our regular standby, Mikimoto which is always busy, fresh and predictable.Daaaaamn. I wish I had discovered this place sooner. I got the chicken katsu ramen, drunken fried rice, and donuts. All 3 were amazing and reheated well. You can tell the ingredients are fresh and high quality. Excellent broth with the ramen. I'll definitely be ordering again because there are so many other things I want to try, like the pineapple fried rice and lemongrass wings. Oh! And I got the coffee milk tea boba and it was delicious. I'm so happy i know about this place now! Highly recommend.Masterp1ece is great. I have always only ordered sushi, the rock n roll and crunchy rolls are both delicious and great portions. I get it at least once a week. But I just recently tried their hibachi for the first time, and I was impressed with it too! GIANT portions, and delicious. I was a little taken aback by the soup being miso instead of clear soup, and also that there weren't a lot of onions, broccoli, or zucchini in the vegetables like I'm used to at other places, but I would definitely order it again. They're always extremely fast too. Nothing but good things to say!Just a sublime meal. That's all i can say. From the service to the food, everything was perfect. They have the varieties of sake and beers and street food. Now they also serve bubble tea which is my favorite. I had the taro smoothie. It was so so good, and yes, it's made by Fresh Taro which is a plus.LOOOOOOOVE. Never short of amazing !!!! Food always fresh an hot !!!! Can't wait for seating inside to openI'd like to start by saying that had my wife and I skipped the appetizer and dessert, this review would be higher. That's because the wantan mee was WONDERFUL while the crawfish rangoons and sweet beignets were just (kind of) OK. Both the first and last course were sort of bland and uninspired while the main course was exactly the opposite. Noodles, veg and protein were all super tasty. Plus, it was A LOT of food - we shared and still had some leftover. Will be back, but will be more discerning in our order strategy.Where did the business go? I'm literally heartbroken that this restaurant is no longer with us.  Please return one day.The ramen looked great but tasted really boring. I ordered the chicken katsu ramen, and the katsu was soggy (even the parts not submerged in the soup) and the soup was so salty, and had absolutely no depth or flavour. I think packaged instant ramen hold more flavour. Very disappointing.Just a sublime meal. That's all i can say. From the service to the food, everything was perfect. They have the varieties of sake and beers and street food. Now they also serve bubble tea which is my favorite. I had the taro smoothie. It was so so good, and yes, it's made by Fresh Taro which is a plus.My FAVORITE resturant in New Orleans, by far. I've literally tried over half the menu (quite a feat, considering the size of it) and everything is delicious. 
My honey says the ramen is the best she's had since her trip to Japan, and they keep adding new stuff all the time.
They have an all day happy menu, (apps for 5$) and it's all soooo good.
Service is always fantastic, the servers are all so sweet! By now, they know us pretty well. (We come here almost every week. It's that good!)
Our current favorite dishes are Mie Tek Tek (spicy shrimp noodle dish) Javanese fried rice (from Java, not Japan.) chicken popcorn (fried chicken bits with basil and spices and the best dipping sauce) chicken gyoza (fried and soo good, also good with the sweet chili sauce) and stir fried corn (soooo good, we usually get an order to go, has a spicy sauce on it).
I definately recommend to everyone.Masterp1ece used to be Little Tokyo up until recently. It's advertised as Japanese street food and open late like Little Tokyo used to be. The menu has changed but the interior of the restaurant looks completely the same. I'm not sure if the karaoke rooms are being renovated, but the main dining floor could definitely use a makeover. The tables, booths and general decor look dark and grungy - not cool grungy, but more like it's outdated and could use a good cleaning. 
Their menu had so many options. There is a LOT to choose from, including hibachi items, and stuff that you can't get at a typical sushi place, i.e., Japanese taco. Our server was very kind and we had great service, so no complaints there. 
We ordered the hamachi kama (baked yellowtail neck) appetizer, Happiness in a Bowl salad, Girl on Fire roll, and smoked salmon/avocado roll. The Happiness in a Bowl was probably my favorite because it's different than other salads I've had at Japanese restaurants. It was a huge bowl of seaweed salad, squid salad, rice, smelt roe, crabstick, cucumber and assorted sashimi. The Girl on Fire roll was interesting because it came out wrapped in aluminum foil and was flambeed. This was probably a cooler concept than executed because the end result was that our salmon ended up being semi cooked. I'm not a fan of sushi that's half cooked - it should be either raw or cooked in my opinion, but not somewhere in the middle. Also, it was a tad creamy so it was hard to finish. The hamachi kama came out overcooked and dry on the outside, but thankfully the inside was still tender. It was okay. All in all, nothing delicious but nothing bad either. I've had better and there's so many other sushi places here, so I probably won't return for a while.(More so 3.5 stars for now but rounded up!)
Had the chance to grab a lite bite and some drinks with friends on an early Saturday evening. We were the first group to arrive but after about 20ish minutes a few other tables started to arrive.
Their menu is quite large and they have so many options available for any of your table's needs. From sushi, small bites, ramen, and so much more.
I ordered their shrimp dumplings, crab balls, and a beer with automated gratuity for about $20. The crab balls with the melon sauce were quite delicious. I'm fairly certain it was Krab though. Shrimp dumplings were pleasant too.
If you're into karaoke they have a private room available for rental.This place is good for quick Asian food. Service is quick and friendly, and the food is pretty decent overall. They have a private karaoke room, but everyone in the restaurant can see and hear who is singing.
The sushi rolls are standard and they hit all the right points for good sushi. They are also one of the only places that serve chicken katsu or tonkatsu in the area and they do it pretty well. I've also tried the ramen there which is a newer addition to the menu, since it's cut and pasted onto the menu.  It had a good taste at first. The broth was what I would expect and the meat was tender. They gave two big pieces of meat. However, after eating most of it, I realized there was a huge chunk of fat in the meat and the broth also had a noticeable layer of fat when I had almost finished. I personally would not order the ramen again though, but everything else is definitely worth it.Been here twice now in just a week! Loveeeee the laksa and tonkotsu Ramen, keep saying to myself gotta try other dishes too. Definitely gonna be a biweekly visit!Only the best always from Masterp1ece. Fresh sashimi and great customer service! Highly recommended!