Lawd have mercy this is the absolute best fried chicken ever. One time eating it and I was hooked...o tell all my friends about McHardys chickenTOO DRY. esp the wings. Fried chicken are Indeed too salty, and dry, not well marinated inside. Skin is crispy, but too greasy. Fries just too soggy. Bread is just plain dinner roll and toast bread. Fried shrimp small in size and quantity and not tasty. Didnt try the fixings this time. So I cannot comment.It was Friday on N. Broad, we were hungry and the place where we wanted to eat was closed. Standing on the corner, what to do? Slowly we turned and there before us was McHardy's. 
Chicken shacks are not my go-to but I spied oysters! 
This little take away place is my new favorite place when driving on N. Broad looking for food while bunking down in the Fairgrounds area.If you're ever in this city, don't forget to stop by this place. It has one of the best fried chicken around. Although it's take out only(you can eat in your car), you will not regret it.Maybe I got a bad batch but chicken was very greasy and the meat was dry which I didn't think was possible.  Didn't have any sides because it was mardi GRAS.  What really shocked me is the lack of flavor.  Most places in the big easy know how to fry chicken and how to season it so this review is a shocker for me.  Totally disappointedWe went to Willie Mae's right after 200pm and they stopped taking customers, so I said what the hell I am not leaving NOLA without some dam fried chicken. Since McHardy's was nearby we went there but found out they only do take out. No problem let's order our chicken and eat in the car, we really enjoyed the food and it was reasonably priced.Tasty fried chicken at a low price. This is a carry out only place, but it is worth it if you are looking for good fried chicken without long lines.Chicken was delicious .. crispy and just the right amount of grease for fried chicken. The rice and beans on the other hand tasted like smoke and the mashed potatoes were just ok. But def worth coming here for that chicken!!We entered this establishment and was greeting with a Hello and a smile.  A few people were ahead of us but order taking was quick.   We ordered honey bbq wings with Mac and cheese , Red beans & rice with 2 sweet teas. The wings, red beans and sweet tea was good. But that was store bought Mac and cheese which was awful.This place is amazing -- for my money it's the best bargain in the city. The chicken is incredible ... the coating has just the right amount of zip to it, and the chicken itself is delicious. The people who work there are friendly and fast. Get 10 pieces of chicken for $8 and save the leftovers for the next couple of days.
I live nearby and we go about once a week. First we cook up something mildly healthy like rice and vegetables, then we go pick up a box of chicken and it is a perfect meal.
Note: They close at 6:30 p.m. so keep that in mind.I know I am near my house when I come down Broad and can smell that McHardy's in the air. We read the reviews and had to check it out. It has the Ghetto flavah to it. Remember the movie Coming to America with Eddie Murphy where an African prince works at McDowells (McDonald's rip off) to win the love of his American bride? Right. A bit of a wait for the chicken, which meant we got to gawk with the patrons other like visitors from another world.The chicken was ok. I disagree with other reviewers: it is not better than Popeyes. The sides were pretty good although everything here was a bit greasy. Although it is in the neighborhood, I don't think we will be back any time soon.Go to Willie Mae's hands down. I was looking forward to trying this place after reading the hyped up reviews, but I wasn't impressed. Firstly, the mashed potatoes weren't great. They tasted like vinegar. Secondly, the Mac and cheese lacked salt and wasn't all that. I thought the fried chicken was okay. Willie Mae's is definitely more flavorful. And their sides are better. Go there.Chicken was awesome.  Spice was great.  I don't normally like white meat but it was juicy and flavorful throughout.  I'm guessing they do some type of brine. The fried okra was disappointing - too much breading.  The dirty rice was nothing special.  But the chicken was awesome.  My daughter had to show us how she left bones shaved clean of meat; kids gave big thumbs up.  Be prepared to wait if you walk in and order.  Although they do take phone orders so that would probably be the way to go.  There doesn't seem to be a menu online.  But they do list on the menu board orders that go up pretty high in volume, probably 100 pieces or more.  So keep it in mind if your planning a party.Man I do not know how to describe how much I love this Fried Chicken!!  If you are going here form something other than the chicken, you'll need to read other reviews.  If you want to know about the friend chicken, look no further.
I went to a potluck social gathering and I picked up 40 reasonably priced pieces of McHardy's chicken.  I ordered and paid ahead of time so when I walked in, my box was already packed.  It was handed over with a huge smile and I walked out with my piping hot box of friend chicken in under 5 minutes.   
When we arrived at the event, I realized some other person had contributed a box of another NOLA fried chicken that I am familiar with.  It looked to be a box of about 20 pieces with about 15 or so remaining.  I threw open the box of McHardy's and immediately, everyone in the room started to mob me to get some!  I barely escaped with my life, one wing, one thigh and a leg or two.  It was a madhouse!
So on to the chicken - I know people have their theories about the breading but to me it is very different and minimizes the breading to add a wonderful crisp!  Not to mention, it is dense enough that the meat stays SO moist inside.  It is almost unbelievable how consistently moist the chicken is.  It has a beautiful savoriness to it that does remind me a little of thin-friend catfish breading.  But it is different.  Good different.  I seek out the best friend chicken in any town I visit and I love in NOLA and have tried nearly every place in town.  McHardy's is on par with the very best of them!   The very best!  
I don't know about the sides at all.  They look fine but I am all about the chicken.  
An hour after the party, I gazed at the side-by-side comparison and since I had arrived, the "other" chicken looked nearly untouched.  However, as I grabbed a another leg, I noticed that there was much, much less chicken in my box now.  And I had brought TWICE as much. 
Side by side comparison to that other BOX of chicken (;)) had McHardy's winning HANDS DOWN!  I am sure every restaurant has an occasional misstep but I have been getting this chicken for years and have NEVER been disappointing!  McHardy's is where chicken is at in NOLA.This place has some pretty darn good chicken. If you are someone  who likes Popeyes and KFC and would like to venture out a little bit this place will not disappoint. Outstanding fried chicken reasonably priced.Good food. Great service. Good to know about this place which sells `Krispy Krunchy Fried Chicken'.Wondering why I haven't written this review yet since I am a regular over there. Simply put, you want deliciously seasoned and always hot chicken? This is the place to get it from. I used to get Popeyes all the time but ever since I've had them, I've converted. Their prices are EXTREMELY reasonable as well. Better than McKenzie's despite what some locals may claim. 
I know 5 stars is pretty strong but this establishment deserves it. Fantastic price for fantastic food.McHardy's fried chicken hovers between incredibly delicious and too salty/chewy. At its best it's one of my favorite places in the city for some cheap takeaway deliciousness. At its worst, it's tummy ache inducing :(Just left this spot, the chicken wings was on point , they were the small wings which I love and the potato salad was amazing with a kick of a spice.The Good:
  :: it's a local business
  :: the fried chicken is very crispy and delicious! lots of flavor, too 
  :: the sides are very good. i tried them all and you won't go wrong with any of them. 
  :: service is very friendly and fast
The Bad:
  :: the location. it's not exactly easy to get to here (off the beaten path)
  :: there's no seating for dining. it's strictly a place to takeaway your food
The Ugly:
  :: none
Would I go back? Probably not, since it's so out of the way. However, if I'm ever in that neck of the woods and have a hankering for fried chicken to-go, I wouldn't mind swinging by.
This place is IN.Nastiest chicken ever! The cashiers are rude, but The potato salad is good though.This place is arguably the best place to get fried chicken in New Orleans, aside from someones home, or some fancy restaurant. It's incredibly cheap, I got five normal sized pieces of chicken and a roll for less than five dollars. Which is more than one should be eating. All they have is pretty much fried Chicken here, and you cannot dine in. But the waiting area here is kinda hip and has some pretty cool paintings on the wall. Stop here if your in the mood to shove some fried meat in your piehole. Plus it is locally owned and operated. Keep your money (or put it in) in the community and buy your fast food fried chicken here!5 stars the the chicken . Perfectly seasoned , not too spicy or overly greasy . Great flavor . Sides were ok but I went specifically for fried chicken so they can take my money and all my stars .Stopped in today to give a local shop a try. Waited 30 mins for 10 wingettes, everybody that came in after me and ordered at the counter, just as I had done, received their food. It was so bad that this lady, who I assume was a regular customer, was given a piece of fish(sample) while she waited; she ordered the same thing I ordered, but about 10 mins after me still got her food before me. The staff saw that I was annoyed and proceeded to mock me, at which point I asked for a refund. Losing out on a $10 sale isn't much, but how often is this happening, thus comes the play on numbers. Possibly would have had a regular customer, and for sure a referring customer. So maybe $10 didn't hurt them today, but it will down the line.  I understand having some consideration for loyal customers, but don't let your new customers fall by the wayside. At the end of the day a loyal customer respects that this is a business, and businesses need customerS, not just a customer. Money is green and it spends anywhere, i.e. Popeyes. Hence the saying, the rich gets richer. At the least have some respect for other people's time; it's not like this place is in the best of areas.Very good chicken that is not that consistent but on its best day is one of the best in the city. They feature the five piece chicken made famous by McKenzie Chicken Box. The highlight of this chicken coop is the potato salad that is more of a mashed potato salad but still very tasty and one of the best in the city. It goes perfectly well with the chicken and makes the calories worth it.A great, greasy breakfast interestingly enough. 
For $1.89, this combo comes with two small strips of bacon, a small scoop of eggs, a slice of a hot sausage link, two buttered white toasts, and grits (and lots of it).
The grease alone will fill you up, but for $1.89 plus tax, its hellah delish. 
2) As for their fried chicken, its pretty good. They aren't giant pieces of bird (like that of Willie Mae's), but the chicken is better than Willie Mae but only slightly. To be honest, I like Popeyes down south so every fried chicken is pretty competitive against each other, whether a chain or a local brand. Note the only thing I need to compare this chicken to is the...almighty McKenzie chicken.
Their sides are kind of pricey and decent enough: coleslaw is okay; and their fries are very, very average. 
So based on the breakfast (despite the grease) and fried chicken, this place is a decent four-star crib. Bon Appetite.McHardys is the best fried chicken in New Orleans!! Excellent chicken, seasoned to peppery perfection, with delicious crispy skin! Mmmm! The staff is nice and welcoming. I also love the coleslaw, potato salad, and fried okra! Thanks McHardys!! Love you!Chicken always hot & fresh here ! It's some of the best chicken in town ! Bring your friends & fam ! I highly recommend this place !Love this place! Best fried chicken! They are pretty reasonable with prices but definitely worth every penny! Would drive 30 mins to get these delicious chicken!"Lord, have mercy." That is what I said after my second bite of the chicken I had from here. I was lost for words for the first bite. 
Customer service was pleasant. Service was speedy and made to order. There is absolutely no dining-in at this establishment. 
I ordered a two-piece with fries, which came out well under $7. The chicken was beautifully seasoned. The fries were hot with just the right amount of salt. 
I took it home and I ate it. All of it. Every last bit of it. I've never had chicken so good in New Orleans. The fries were god-sent. 
If you're trying to impress your new date, this might not be the place. If you need a meal for an afternoon in (they close early), this is where you should startGreat alternative to Popeyes chicken the food is always fresh and good sides are very good make sure to buy a meal so you won't have to buy everything separately.The staff is quick and friendly and they usually have parking out front.The only drawback no tables or dine in but we pick it up and drive to city park and have a great lunch,the owner is very polite and friendly.McHardy's loses one star for ambiance (no seating, takeout only), bringing the total rating to a 4. I'd love to be able to eat my chicken on-site mainly because the chicken is just *that good.*
The chicken breading is not as thick as Popeyes or even close to Willie Mae's Scotch House. 
BUT the breading has a wonderful black pepper-infused flavor that's practically irresistible. It's a little spicy, but nothing you haven't had before...NOT overwhelmingly spicy by any means. It just has a nice kick.
AND the chicken is piping hot and juicy.
AND the service is super quick and easy. In and out!5 piece, roll, and potato salad. You can call ahead, they're never really crazy busy. A good alternative to WIllie Mae's on Fridays because that's the only day Willie Mae's doesn't do to-go ordersNot sure what I would do if McHardy's wasn't around when I have one of my sudden and uncontrollable fried chicken cravings. Popeye's? As much as I love eating Popeye's, I've never been able to get over that guilty feeling afterwards, as if you just willingly let your body be violated by all the grease and processed ingredients. I usually don't like white meat since it's often too dry, but McHardy's does some magic with their chicken that renders the breasts juicy to the bone. That with the relatively greaseless skin and economy pricing makes it the all-around guilt-free fried chicken of choice.Usually my favorite , but today the chicken was dry, over cooked, old or the oil need changing. Big disappointment . Please correct this. Some pieces were normal, others were real dark.This is the best home style fried chicken in New Orleans.  It is a small mom and pop but I'm telling you go there.  You cannot miss tasting this deliciousness at this spot.  It is not fancy and this is a local spot but if you want chicken go there.  No dine-in!  You gotta it in your car but I didn't care and it comes out HOT and a Steal!!!REALLY GOOD fried chicken! It is a little spicy and peppery and delicious. The skin is crispy and the meat is tender. And it was cheap! We paid less than $11 for 2 orders of 2-piece chicken, 3 sides and drinks. I have to say that the chicken we ordered is not as big as the chicken I have gotten from Willie Mae's or Sammy's. The chicken here is smaller and comparable to the size of the chicken you get from Popeye's. 
As noted by other reviewers, this is just a takeout place: no seating in the restaurant or tables outside. A good alternate is getting the chicken and going to City Park for an impromptu picnic lunch, though. Oh and the staff are really friendly, so friendly that I felt like I was family or something.
Great place for a quick and cheap meal!meh......a little underwhelmed here.  Just chicken fried in what is fish-fry batter.  Not exceptionally seasoned and rather bland.  You can easily make your own fried chicken taste better than this.  Potato salad is tangy and has a punch, but the portion is 3 tablespoonsGreat chicken  and great people!!!
I love the commitment they have to their customers ! I was passing by on my way to practice and though I'd bring my peeps something to snack on! I didn't realize that they were about to close. The cashier was nice enough to ask how many pieces I needed and the manager said they would drop me a new batch because they only had 5 pieces left. I appreciate their kindness! This has always been the tastiest chicken to me but now I am convinced that this is my favorite place to go to for chicken! They care about you ... felt like my Mom was cooking that chicken! #mchardieschicken #chickennloveIf you don't think this is incredible fried chicken, then you didn't grow up where people fry chicken at home or your taste buds took that day off! End of story! 
The key to really good fried chicken IMO is seasoning and crispiness without too much breading. When I walk into McHardy's, I smell the same wonderful smells that would fill my house on a Friday afternoon when chicken was being fried to take up to an LSU game the next day.  I was always convinced that  the homemade fried chicken I grew up eating couldn't possibly be duplicated for mass consumption. This is the first chicken I've had that made me re-think that.  
The red beans & rice are lights out! The smoky flavor and creaminess is the clue to all of us that grew up never having to wonder what was for supper on Monday night, that this is the real deal and not out of a can. Red beans and rice, like gumbo, is one of those things that people in S. Louisiana are hard to please with. Nothing is as good as what Mom could make. Again, McHardy's has blown that theory out of the water. If you're from out of town and want to know what the fuss about red beans and rice is all about, this is the place to get schooled on it. 
McHardy's is my fried chicken nirvana now and another great example of why eating healthy in this town is strictly for boring people!Wow!!! I've been wanting to go to the one on broad but was close to ames blvd today so i said what the heck. Now I love fried chicken and I consider myself a chicken entrepreneur. I had Willie Maes and wasn't impressed.  Mchardys chicken is a hell of a lot better then willie maes. The pieces were big and seasoned well not dried. Plus the red beans were off the charts. willie maes beans  tasted like bad blue runners it seems like she dries the smaller pieces out. I don't know what the fuss is over willie maes u do better Goin to popeyes. Lol one last thing chicken lovers Zea ' s fried chicken and beans is a must do if u like good chicken. Peace outVery friendly, delicious fried chicken and okra. I needed change to wash my delivery van across the street @ TCL and they gave me a whole roll of quarters. They just need to add fried livers to the menu for a perfect chicken joint.WOW WOW WOW WOW
I was on my lunch break from building a home in the upper 9th ward for a Katrina victim and I drove over to this chicken shack that I saw on the way to the neighborhood because I had a good feeling about it.  Man, was I right.  This is CHEAP chicken and it is unbelievable.  The spices are perfect and it was just so juicy and crispy.  For $3, you can get 5 pieces of chicken and they are really filling.  The only problem is that it can take a while to get your chicken since they are started as soon as you order.  There are no tables, so you pretty much have to have this to go.  
I would have said this is the best fried chicken I've ever had, but I actually went to Willie Mae's Scotch House in New Orleans and it's even better.  Also, I think I also like Gus's Chicken in Memphis, Tennessee better overall.  But, this is still amazing and cheap chicken!  Probably 3rd or 4th on my list of best fried chicken ever.  It's impossible to get chicken this good in the state of Florida.Some of the best chicken tenders I've had.  Not knowing about this place we went to Willie Mae's on Friday and it was great.  We went back on Monday on our way to the airport, but they were closed for Labor Day.  Found McHardy's via yelp and it turned out to be awesome.  Some of the friendliest people you'll ever meet as well.  If I'm ever back in New Orleans this will be one of my first stops.  Absolutely awesome!McHardy's has one of my favorite fried chicken in the city, but I hadn't been to the location in many years (luckily I was able to enjoy it when other people brought it to parties, etc.). I stopped in the other day while driving down Broad and picked up a 5 piece, thinking it would be too much chicken for just me. I was packing and doing work around the house and ended up eating all of the chicken little by little over a few hours.
They get you with the smell when you pick it up and then again with the taste. It still tastes fantastic when it cools down, which is a pretty important factor for me when it comes to fried chicken.
So, five stars for the great chicken and the friendly counter service, even though someone mistook me for Uber Eats for a secondMcHardy's Chicken and Fixin open at 11am but the fried chicken is not done until 11:30am. You can get 5 pieces of fried chicken for less the $5. If you like chicken wings like I do, they have 50 pieces of wings for $25.
Compared to the other chicken places, they are smaller then the other places. The chicken has good favor, lightly breaded which makes for crispy skin and the meat is tender. Because of the light breading, it was not greasy as other places.
I only wish they had a spicier selection and seating in the restaurant. There are always better places out there but McHardy's is a good place to get some fried chicken.Finally tried McHardy's and I have to say I loved it. There is a big debate going on with the group of people i'm working with on what is the best Fried Chicken in NOLA and I really i'm not sure how you answer this question. I am and probably will always be partial to Willie Mae's from the food, to the atmosphere, to the location to the people it is one of my favorite dining experiences in the world. Is it the best Fried Chicken in NOLA, i'm not sure. I didn't think McHardy's was better, but then again my first bite was from an order of about 100 pieces that was at least 30 minutes after it was made vs my last Willie Mae's experience, which the chicken was too hot and fresh to even eat. I think you really need to have all three places Willie Mae's , Chicken in a box and McHardy's lined up made at the same time and eaten blindfolded. Until then WIllie Mae's is still my favorite, but i definitely wouldn't complain if someone showed up again with McHardy's.For fried chicken this is as good as it gets in NOLA, yes it doesn't have massive pots of premade mashed potatos, or rice from last night either, and thats what I loved about it. 5 pieces (Half chicken) for less than $4, and it taste just like Grandma's.  No sit down dining but as fast as the service is you can pick up lunch and still have time to eat it in the park on your lunch break.Located in a purple building facing Broad Street, McHardy's is just what you would want from a neighborhood fried chicken joint. Cheap. Fast. Friendly. Utterly DELICIOUS.
The chicken is crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and perfectly spiced all around.  If your taste buds can hold their weight, be sure to order a jalapeño on the side. Their potato salad makes me drool just thinking about it, but is only served on certain days of the week. 
For just under $5 you can get half a chicken (with two legs), fries and a jalapeño or two.  
One thing I will say is that since its a small operation, there isn't room for sitting, so make plans to bring your food elsewhere - City Park is just down the street. 
Head on down to the seventh ward and add McHardy's to your restaurant rotation- its been in mine  for a while now and hasn't let me down yet.Chicken was so good!!! Made fresh for you. Staff was polite. Will visit again. I was so full and they had great dealsIt's the best darn fried chicken I've ever had. If it were a chain, KFCs would go DOWN in a heartbeat. 
Succulent and juicy on the inside.  Thin layer of batter, fried to crispy perfection with a mild spicy shell.  3 big pieces, in all earnestness enough to satiate a regular appetite can be bought for the bargain price of  $2.50.  Damn. How do they do it? I can't see any corners being cut here.
The women in there are warm and lovely and made my yellow ass feel right at home.  There's not much space to sit, just a couple of benches, but don't let that stop you.  Eat it on the street, eat it in your car, take it to the park, just eat it.One of the great mom-and-pop restaurants in this fantastic food city. I stumbled on it after an officemate brought a box back to the office and the smell filled our cavernous warehouse space. It's absolutely intoxicating, no lie.
This place is bare bones and takeout only, but well worth it. The chicken is juicy, the batter is crunchy (with a healthy dose of black pepper - my favorite!) and the prices literally cannot be beat. While I love their on-the-bone chicken, their nuggets are something else altogether. I am now known as the girl who shows up to every party with a nugget platter from McHardy's. For around $23, you can get 100 fresh, hot, white meat nuggets with the house special "bird sauce" (ketchup/hot sauce based). I've never had leftovers at any event I've brought it to! 
The sides leave a bit to be desired. Just standard crinkle cut fries and cold rolls. The pickled jalapenos pack a serious punch (or so I've heard - can't stomach them myself). But one side that shines is the potato salad. I know for a while they were only serving it on Thursday/Friday/Saturday, but hopefully that changes soon because I would gladly consume it on the daily. Spicy and full of onion and egg, it's just what you want from a southern tater salad. 
The staff is always friendly and efficient, remembering repeat visitors and expressing sincere gratitude for your patronage on every visit. I'm glad to see they're thriving and if this review sends more people there, it's the least I can do for the joy their nuggets give my belly.Oh yeh.  Oh yeh.  Awesome chicken, just like you would get from ya mama in the 'hood.  The one drawback is that it is a bit salty for my taste.  Otherwise, I find the chicken really tasty with what seems to be just the right seasoning.  If you're in a rough spot, financially, you can get a lot of chicken for only a few bucks.  Trust me, I know.
Like most places with awesome neighborhood food, it's a simple operation with a simple menu.  You almost wish they would diversify the menu more, but then you realize that all you want is that chicken!I love this place!  Flavorful, delicious chicken.  As others have said, the pieces are a bit small, but at least the prices are cheap.  I recently discovered their garlic-parmesan wings.  Loaded with sauce, also very flavorful.  Their potato salad is some of the best.  It is NOT the sickly sweet, unnatural yellow color potato salad that most places serve.  It is tangy with even a slight spiciness.  The texture is a bit odd in that it is almost smooth, but the flavors are RIGHT ON!
As much as I like their chicken items, I am not a fan of the other entree food on their menu.  I had the seafood plate once.  It was okay, but nothing special.  I got their burgers once.  It was a good size and value for the price paid, with fresh ingredients.  They also used seasoning in the meat, which I usually appreciate, except something they mixed in gave the meat a weird, sweet flavor.  Not so bad I didn't finish the burger, but would definitely never order it again.
I recommend calling your order in for pick-up.  Especially if you are getting the wings.  The wings take at least 10 minutes to cook.  Plus, this is a popular place and you might have to wait awhile if you are a walk in.Sorry way too much hype for his place the breast piece I had was great however all the other parts were not very good lean on meat and dry. One piece even tasted like burnt oil. The potato salad was nothing to write home about and the red beans and rice way too salty. I've had better fried chicken in california. The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because the breast was pretty great, juicy and well seasoned.I love this place. I Come here when ever im in New Orleans. Only thing its missing is tables and chairs. But still love it.I've been to over 50+ fried chicken places, was happy to go here when I saw the 4.5 star average.
It was a disappointment though.
Even though everything is fresh, and sold in batches from 5-100 pieces, I found the batter was lack luster, not as crunchy as others, and the meat was next to none.
We bought a 15 pcs and got thighs that was less than 2 inch diameter with no meat on between.  
It just doesn't stack up against even Louisana popeye chain (not the same in other states), which I found to be better than popeyes found outside Louisana.I had been wracking my brain for DAYS trying to remember what this place was called, when someone reviewed it, I finally remembered...McHardy's!
The first time I ever went to this place, I had just wrapped a photo shoot  and the photographer asked me if I wanted to have lunch.  When he mentioned that we were going to take a ride and get McHardy's, I had no idea what he was talking about.
Let me tell you, I LOVE me some Popeyes, but if I had to choose, I would definitely choose McHardy's.  I think that it's probably the closest you can get to homemade chicken without making chicken at home.  It's crispy, juicy and spicy.  It's delicious.
Also, this place has any other chicken place beat, as far as the price goes.  You can get a whole dinner for a super reasonable price.
There used to be a McHardy's on the Westbank, but I never made it to that one.  It might still be there, so be sure you check that out, if you are on the Westbank.WAY Too salty, couldn't even eat it. What a disappointment. Yelpers got it wrong on this restaurant. Save your money, Go to McKensies or Willie Mae's instead.This is place is the best if people are looking for cheap and delicious fried chicken. My roomies and I used to come here to get their 8 dollars for 10 piece deal. The couple, as I guess, at the counter are extremely nice.Very fast, very cheap and I really liked the peppery crust. I wished the batter was a little thicker because let's face it, I eat fried chicken just for the crispy exterior and I don't care too much about the meat inside.  I ordered a side of red beans that was terrible. Not only was there grease in massive puddles around the edges but it tasted like it had been singed when reheated in its styrofoam container. It hadn't, I checked, but it's not something you want to ponder while you're eating. Way better chicken than Popeye's but I sure did miss the biscuit.This was my second visit to McHardys and as usual almost drove right past since it just blends in with the scenery. I got a 5 piece box (maybe it was six, I was hungry!) legs, a thigh, a wing and a breast. I immediately wished I bought a bigger box. The skin is crispy and lightly spicy, not overly salty. The flesh is so juicy and perfectly cooked. I was actually able to save two pieces for the next day.  It was still utterly delicious I didn't stop till every scrap was gone. The chicken pieces ae small so don't underestimate your order. Take out only.I gave them 4 stars originally, but I have to up it to 5 for just being awesome human beings. I went in today to grab lunch for probably the last time (I'm starting a new job soon and will no longer be in the neighborhood) and the staff seemed genuinely bummed when I said "this is probably my last lunch here for a while." When I told her my new job was located on the west bank, she happily chirped "we have a location there!" and turned around to point out a guy who happens to work at that location normally. My new office will be about a 10 minute drive from their west bank location, so she said "you just call him before you leave your office and he'll have it ready when you get there." She then proceeded to tell him my name and my favorite items (nuggets & potato salad, natch). She said "Whenever Erin calls, you make sure to drop her nuggets so they'll be nice and hot when she gets there to pick them up and she won't have to wait." These people are clearly the nicest people on the face of the earth. And their food is amazing. If you live in New Orleans, like amazing fried chicken and appreciate friendly service from a family-owned restaurant, go to McHardy's. They deserve your business!Just a few blocks down from the Zulu headquarters on Broad St. sits McHardy's - a one room chicken shack that defines the term "bare bones operation."  There are a few small benches lining the walls on which you can sit while you wait for your order, but other than that the room is an open space. There are no tables and offer takeout only. The paintings on the wall depict Mardi Gras Indians, the Louis Armstrong arch, and the Saint Aug marching band - giving it an authentic Treme flair before the show made it trendy. 
The menu on the back wall offers 5 pieces of mixed chicken (you can't specify white or dark, all orders are mixed) for $3.89, a roll is .35, and a jalapeno is .35. You can order larger orders of chicken for similar prices. Behind the counter recently fried chicken sits in baskets under a heat lamp. You can see the fryers just farther behind that against the back wall. 
I went around 3PM, well after the lunch rush, and there were still a good 5 people milling about waiting for their order, so I'd assume there'd be a considerable line during peak hours. My chicken was relatively fresh, but not prepared to order. 
My five pieces consisted of a breast, thigh, wing, and two legs. I enjoyed the thin, peppery batter coating my chicken. However, there wasn't much spice to the bird, so I was glad I'd opted to get one of the jalapenos to nibble on between bites of chicken. Unfortunately, the breast was just a tad on the dry side. The mustardy potato salad offered just a little kick. The roll was unremarkable. I didn't see any fixings other than the potato salad on the menu, so the name is a little misleading. I just feel unfulfilled without mashed potatoes to go along with my chicken :) 
Overall, McHardy's is an outstanding value for what little you pay, but I wouldn't call it the best fried chicken in the city by a long shot.I was trying to grab food at the Caribbean restaurant down the street but Mondays in New Orleans means your restaurant options are slim and I was denied my rice and peas. I knew McHardy's Chicken & Fixin' was right around so I headed there instead.
McHardy's offers take out service only, so there is no seating for dining in, just a couple of benches for customers to wait while there batch of chicken is being prepared.
The prices seem great at first but really in comparison, you get less (and smaller pieces) than the offering at similar restaurants that have higher prices so essentially it is ends up being almost the same thing value wise. Although, I will say I liked not being force to eat a large portion or eat food that isn't pumped with hormones for size.
This is chicken & fixin' so don't go expecting food that is extraordinary. I think the chicken could have used a little bit of seasoning/spice but I think what sets it apart is that it is cooked fresh for you. So, not only was it hot and fresh but thankfully not greasy or salty.
My opinion of the shrimp echoed the same sentiment, but I thought that the fries were only okay (they were soft with no crispy outer coating).
The woman at the counter was very nice, but this is get in and get out service anyways!Best fried Chicken I've ever had! Crispy on the outside, perfect simple seasoning, and juicy on the inside without being greasy. 
Also had the red beans & rice and some fries, all of which was excellent. The red beans and rice were spicy but not too spicy. Fries were think cut and not greasy.
Plus, super cheap! The staff is amazingly friendly. If you like fried chicken, frequent this place instead of KFC or Popeyes- Support your Local Businesses!!
Perfect place to stop in and grab a quick meal to go. They don't have seats inside, so just take it home or go plop your bottom down in a nearby park & enjoy!Great place to pop in for hot fresh fried chicken. Usually a bit of a line, but it is worth the wait if you're not in a big rush! Nice and hot! Highly recommended.I don't need much poetry to explain McHardys, which I've been coming to all my adult life. If you like southern fried chicken, you'll like them. Until recently, they were chicken only, but now they have a variety of New Orleans-style sides, including red beans and rice, dirty rice, hot green peppers, and fried okra. And they just started doing fried catfish. All of the accessory foods are good, but the chicken along with Manchu and Willie Mae's Scotch House are among the best anywhere.
Get here for simple good eats.My boss asked me to call in a catering order to be picked up at 11:30 am so that I could bring it to the teacher's lounge for our 12pm lunch. 
I arrived a 11:34, and they hadn't even started my order. There was literally no purpose in me calling my order in. Not only was I late with lunch for our entire staff, but I had to cancel a 12:30 appointment. I wish someone would have told me that they wouldn't prepare my $55 order until I arrived. Finally got our food at 12:05pm. Word of advice, don't call in orders and expect to walk in and pick them up. They will not even attempt to prepare your food until you arrive.Very very solid fried chicken but decidedly meh sides. Soggy fries, mealy okra, unremarkable mac and cheese. But if you stick with the chicken you'll be fine.Food is great and get what you expect from a local neighborhood place!!  
There were several others in from of me but moved pretty quickly!  Ordered and received my food in timely matter for a take out joint.  Staff wasnt overly helpful but pleasant and got the job done.  Again what you expect from a local neighborhood place.  All that matters in a hole in the wall take out restaurant is:
1. Price?  Very good
2.  The food itself?  Very good
3. How long was the wait?  Not long especially for hot fried chicken.
What does matter that others seem to dwell on:
1.  To Salty?  Its fried Chicken!
2. No Tables?  Its a take out restaurant!
3.  Cleanliness?  Its a hole in the wall take out place in new orleans! your not eating there.  At those prices its not a deterrent or a concern.
4.  Staff?  Not a traditional sit and serve type business.  Just need them to take the order and give me the food.  Was just fine!  
Highly recommended!!  The chick I had was moist and hot with the right crunch!The BBQ Chicken deserves a 5+
Curious after a ate a hearty meal, I took a bite expecting to save the rest of the wings for tomorrow but hell no!!! I just kept going, and going, til I forced myself to stop. It's perfectly fused unlike many places that add the sauce after... this version is just done too well, to the point that I have to make the 20mile drive and get this before football starts.
On top of it all, the prices are set perfect and truly is the neighborhood spot.
My review is a 4 only because I haven't tasted the regular fried chicken, plus I still got to test the sides but as of now, the reputation holds true.Crispy, seasoned goodness at a price you can't beat!Delicious! 
The chicken was nice and crispy, juicy and flavorful. Sides are really good (My daughter loves the mac and cheese) and staff is really friendly. Today, I tried their fried shrimp for the 1st time and it was totally yummy.
Tip: The garlic parmesan dipping sauce is soooo good.
Tip #2: If you can, order ahead via phone or Waitr; the place is really popular wait times can get long during peak hours.This is a fried chicken cookery.
Food: Although much hyped, I found the quality of the food to be middling-to-average. Nothing to really call home about. Prices were reasonable. 3 stars
Service: Counter service take out only. They mosey about their work at a steady, but leisurely, pace. 2 stars
Facilities: This place is for take out only. There are no tables whatsoever. Building was reasonably clean. No off street parking, so be prepared to go hunting off Broad if you can't find a spot right out front. 2 stars
Overall: This place is over-hyped for the product and service it delivers. I might go there again if I happened to be in the area and happened to want some fried chicken, but Popeye's is more convenient and quicker to deliver product than here. Just because something is local doesn't automatically qualify it as great. 2 starsJust Delicious! The chicken was hot and juicy. The seasoning was perfect. Friendly staff. Give them a try, you won't regret it!Great mom and pop restaurant.  
FYI It's to go only. 
I go often for party trays of fried chicken.Warning! This is a take out place only! There is no seating/tables at the restaurant.  I wish I had caught that fact in the reviews I had read of this place. 
Bottom line - Chicken is okay. Willie Mae's is much better. But if you are in New Orleans visiting, don't waste your time on fried chicken. There are many other culinary delights to be had.
We were disappointed when we arrived and this is not actually a Restaraunt but rather a take out bar. By the time we got the chicken and sides back to the hotel room, they were still hot but a little soggy. The chicken was ok and the fried and okra nothing special.  I was very disappointed after reading so many great reviews on line as this place was in the top 38 of Eater New Orleans.So walking in the restaurant can definitely use a face lift. Besides the interior and exterior the food was fresh, tasty, and hot out of the fryer. I ordered the chicken tender basket with their special sauce (better than Canes) and it was delicious! Great, friendly employees and the prices were awesome.This is the place for hot fried crispy chicken. Fried okra as a side makes for a good meal. They accept phone in orders which is a convenience I really like.