This chicken is addictive. I have had friends get mad at me for turning them on to McKenzie's because after this chicken nothing else measures up. Get the chicken. Get the shrimp fired rice. Get the mac and cheese. Get the fries! Don't get fried oysters or shrimp - there are other places that do this better. Eat the damn chicken! You have to get it to go. The smell of it will torment you for your drive home. We bring this to parties and now have people mad at us if we bring something else! They are now open for breakfast too - their fried chicken biscuits are the perfect morning after breakfast.
Eat The Damn Chicken!!!!My sister ordered 200-250 pieces of chicken from here last weekend for a party. WE. ATE. IT. ALL.  They will "drop" it on your way to pick it up so there was no waiting and it was piping hot! I don't eat a ton of fried food, but I bow at the alter of Chicken In A Box...good breading, juicy, well seasoned, HOT, deliciousness.  I love how they cut the breasts into smaller pieces so that you are not over stuffed with deliciousness. Keep it up, guys!  Well Done!So very disappointed in this place. Tiny pieces of flavorless chicken. A 10 piece box has 2 breasts the size of tenders, only with a bone. And who the hell counts a chopped up piece of back as a damned piece of chicken? That's for soup, you morons. I'd rate their customer service as a legitimate 2 out of 10, as well. The place wasn't even busy, so there's no reason to hang up on my ass on the phone. The mac-n-cheese was bland and was sub Kraft in quality. The mustard greens were from a can and resplendent in grit/sand. The chicken livers even seemed to be chopped down. Lame. I'd wager any gas station in a 3 mile radius serves up better bird at a better price with less indifference to the customer. (Luisa Express, Orleans Center...) The thing that is a shame, is that I typically spend my money at local and non-chain restaurants and would have loved to have found a good new spot. I was up at 4:30am so i could work my crappy customer service job but 12 hours later i was still smiling unlike the staff @ Mckenzie's. If you don't want business shutter the place like the vacant front room of the "restaurant." (Still, they do have an amazing 3 tier table covered in junk mail.) Pull the plug on this loser. Do not resuscitate.Chicken pieces are always so tiny. One of my favorite things here is the fried gizzards. They are so yummy. Lol don't judge me.  Really cant find them anywhere else in the citI ordered the 3 piece chicken tenders meal and waited about 10 minutes for the order.  The staff was friendly overall.  The piece of french bread was spongy and the "salad" was just chopped up lettuce with a tomato on top.  The fries were okay, but nothing special.  The chicken tenders were plump, but average in taste.  I think Raising Cane's is a better deal than here, considering they are probably comparable in price.  In summary, the meal was very plain and didn't jump out at me at all.Best fried chicken in NOLA!! Seriously!
We get 100 pieces every Mardi Gras. Never fails us!!!if ya mama or ya mawmaw dont feel like fryin chicken & u aint feelin popeyes..u want that real deal taste like home...this is the spot a true NOLA institition..if u dont know well now u do and tho u didnt know back in the days im glad...cuz your dumb ass made the lines shorter for me..
perfectly fried well seasoned moist (even the white meat) deliciousness!!!
i had to get this cuz they were closed last time i was in town..
moms bought a 20pc and i think i ate 10 of em..pops i love u & im sorry but hey i was a guest!!!! i gotta gets mineses lolBest fried chicken in New Orleans. Great value, friendly staff. Always delicious. Perfect for a large group or catering for a party. Chicken biscuits in the morning are always good. It's all good.Chicken. Chicken, chicken, chicken!
McKenzie's is something of a local establishment, and one only needs to walk in to see why. This place rates 5+ on the William Least Heat Moon calendar scale (Google the book "Blue Highways" if you don't know what I mean), and the food is off the charts.
And let's be honest: if you eat here enough, you'll die an early death. But you're probably shaving the worst years off of your life, so it's not entirely bad, right?
In all seriousness: if you're craving chicken, head to McKenzie's.This chicken is Stellar!!!! Forget about Popeyes!!! They have the best homemade crispy fried chicken. It's crispy but not a lot of extra batter. The chicken has an amazing flavor. We always stop in when we visit NOLA!!!Fried Chicken Liver On Sale Here!!
Dang cheap and tasty food served here. Gotta love the chicken livers. This is like the opposite from Coast Yakitori bars. This chicken liver is fried..not grilled. Super juicy and super tasty!  I am a fan and then some!Love their chicken!!!! Its always hot, fresh, and crisp!!! Phenomenal flavor, reminds me of my grandmother's fried chicken.Closes pretty early and no real place to eat it in besides the benches for people waiting for their orders. Hot and fresh with large portions. I particularly enjoyed the fried chicken necks which were very lightly battered. The jumbo wings really are jumbo sized and a meal by themselves. Crunchy with no spice if people are expecting Popeye's. Collard greens stewed with bacon and pretty tasty as well.
They also have po'boys and other things on the menu but going by their name I thought I would do the chicken in a box.Best chicken around.  who would have ever thought a bakery would make good friend chicken.  When i was coming up all they sold was half chicken and whole chicken not the menu has exploded with different side dishes and seafood.  But when it is all said and done the chicken is still the thing to buy here.  very tasty, hot and not greasy.I am positive that at some moment in life every human being craves greasy, glorious fried chicken! This is the place you go to when you need to hit that spot! When I come here, I get the five piece wings and a side. I try and switch it up on the sides, but the red beans are my favorite. 
The chicken pieces are huge, hot, and crispy. The chicken is just the right amount of crispy on the outside, and inside it's still moist and delicious! ( I hate dried out chicken) It's damn near impossible to not start in on the chicken right there in the parking lot! This past time I devoured my chicken so quickly that I forgot there was even red beans awaiting my attention! By time I was done, I was covered in crumbs and grease stains all over my desk at work! Did I mention the chicken wings are ginormous? When I finished them I was full, but still behaved greedily and devoured my red beans!
This isn't a go in, sit down, and order place; which is fine by me. They are quick, and you'll never wait long. Also, the prices are very inexpensive. Enjoy.Good not great. They cut breasts in half and sell them as two pieces. They also cook the back and count that as a piece. The breasts tasted good but were dry. 
The young cashier was a sweetheart, very nice. The chicken livers were good too.First time going here. Wife asked girl sitting on the curb eating the chicken was the food good and she said yes, so we took it from there. Ordered some wings and fries and gumbo and none of it was good. It wasn't nasty but not good.It's alright. Got my chicken fast before I got my receipt. I put it at the same level like Chubbies in Algiers. It's alright, nothing special about it.Love the fish!! Yummy...my bestie is from Nebraska and she loves the chicken she especially loves the chicken backs!Really good chicken and super cheap. It comes in 5 &10 PC boxes I believe. I only needed the 5 and some fries to fill up on and have a snack for later.Chicken is really good. Service is nonexistent. Atmosphere is bleak. Order ahead, run in/out, enjoy at home.The chicken was hot and crispy.  The staff was kind and friendly.  They topped it off with having my favorite childhood drink... Delaware Punch!!!  Now I have to figure out how to bring some bottles back home to Los Angeles, California.WINGS!!!! YESSUH!!!! Great food at a great price. A couple of the employees and bad attitudes; but overall, this is a good spot!The fried chicken is so tender, fresh, and yummy! The sides are not the best, but who cares when the chicken is THIS GOOD. Also they have fried chicken livers, which I have not gotten the chance to try yet, but knowing their chicken it has got to be pretty good.Some of the best fried chicken I have had anywhere! They are extremely fast and know what they are doing. While you have to get out of your car to get the food, it is definitely worth it once you take that first bite into the chicken. Their menu is extensive and has other items on it besides chicken such as gumbo, fries, macaroni and cheese, etc. Definitely stop by this place and try it out!Southern Fried Goodness. Mmmm....I'm drooling writing about this place. McKenzie's Chicken In a Box is the place to go to if you want fried chicken done right. Their fried chicken is crispy and has all the right flavors. Located near Dillard U., this place is worth the trip if you want a good hearty lunch. Mckenzie's does not really have seating inside, so it's more of a grab and go place. Their menu is a bunch of printed paper posted on the wall, but the food is where it's at. McKenzie's sides are pretty phenomenal as well. Mac and cheese with some onion rings with your fried chicken and you're set. It's always nice to get a southern meal done right. Seriously, go get some right now. You won't regret it.This is a true hole in the wall.  But that doesn't take away front the deliciousness the cooks fry up.  They have a pretty extensive menu that is plastered on the walls on copy paper - yep, you read that right.  Yet, they manage to dish out batch after batch of fried goodies. I stick to the basic like wings and fries.  And it's pretty cheap too.  Perfectly seasoned.  Worth the drive outside of the Quarter.Very good fried chicken. I've always said the fried chicken here tastes like homemade. I love how you can order a whole chicken with fries in a box. It's large enough for several people to split and very affordable.Picked up a 10 piece mix the other day for the first time. I had heard about the place but never stopped there, until Friday. Wow!!! Some of the best fried chicken I've ever had. Juicy not greasy. Light, not thick crust. The have other things on the menu such as fried fish. But, the chicken is Amazing!!!Oh McKenzie's Chicken in a Box, you made me eat my entire lunch in your parking lot! Last time I went there, I ordered a half-chicken box and devoured the  box in the parking lot. I was completely covered in fried chicken grease and making ungodly noises as I tore through the drumstick in my right hand and the breast in my left. I was a beast for that chicken goodness- and I just didn't care. 
My friend and I actually went there to grab some food before the opera. After biting into that chicken, we stayed in that parking lot until our hunger was sated then headed to the lake to enjoy the rest in peace. Our tickets and plans for the evening were promptly forgotten. 
It was funny; it was sad; it was intense; it was a life-changing moment. For the first time in my life, I wasn't just eating fried chicken. I was eating Life itself. It was such a Life-affirming moment, I literally had to stop stuffing my face to thank God for giving me a mouth and teeth and a tongue to enjoy this piece of heaven on Earth. That night, my friend and I danced around the lakefront, so grateful our bellies were filled with this energy-giving goodness. It was my first spiritual experience with food. And I'm honestly not surprised it came from McKenzie's.
In the few months, I've known this place, I've had the great pleasure of introducing a few friends to McKenzie's. They've all thanked me profusely for introducing them to this new milestone of fried chicken experience. They all swear they will never eat fast food chicken again. Why? When McKenzie's is cheaper, tastier and plain better than they ever could be. They also swear off frying chicken at home. Why? When McKenzie's is cheaper, tastier and well, you get the point. Seriously, I don't know what they put in that thin batter. But I wouldn't be surprised if there's crack in there. I'm seriously hooked and everyone that's tasted them have been the same. One taste and you'll never look at fried chicken the same way again. 
Their sides are good too. Highly recommend their mac and cheese. Potatoes are the boxed variety but sometimes, they'll make some good thick gravy on top. Had better greens at other places. Biscuits are homemade; cornbread muffins on the small end. Their portion of fried liver is HUGE and big enough for two. 
Only drawback is I wish they would take phone orders. I don't like anything standing between me and that fried chicken heaven. Even if it's only 15 min. of wait time.What an amazing find! If you like fried chicken and you want it fast, this is the place to go. The chicken is so tender under the crispy breading and the sides are all you'll ever want. The perfect definition of Southern Home Cooking.Pretty small hole-in-wall type place, but that's what I was lookin for. There aren't very many seats/tables, so it's mostly a to-go place. 
The lady at the counter was very friendly and prompt. She was holding it down during a busy lunch rush. We ordered a 5 piece and a side of red beans and it was ready within 10 mins. 
The chicken was phenomenal. Perfectly crispy without being too greasy (albeit a little greasy). The red beans knocked my socks off. It made me mad that I'd let myself go so long since I last had them. They have a pronounced pork flavor. Near perfect red beans and rice. I'll definitely be back whenever I can justify that many calories again.I really love this place, walking in here is an experience in itself. Old school, no frills chicken take-out with what looks like about a hundred years of grease on the walls.  The chicken is juicy as hell and the flavor is delicious. My husband thought is was a bit salty but that was my favorite part, just a preference and it hasn't stopped him from going back many, many times. Since moving here I have been on a mission to find the best fried chicken in N.O. and so far this is it. Oh and make sure you get the chicken backs, not sure what they do to those little suckers but they are soooo goodTold my friend i was going to McHardy's he convinced me that Mckenzie's was better, so I tried them out.....wish I woulda just went to McHardys instead...I used to love this place but I have been having some issues lately with party wings order. Most recently placed and order, came to pick it up, order wasn't ready. This time placed and order, called prior to verify pick up, order still wasn't ready when I arrived. Looks like it's back to Manchu for our party wings.Ey yo, let me tell you about McKenzie's; if you're looking for great, salty fried chicken with some good-ass sides in New Orleans, look no further* [especially if you're in the hood]. For $19, my friend and I got 15 piece chicken [good amount of white meat mixed in], three biscuits, and a small side of mac n' cheese. Shit was BOMB, we murdered the whole thing and let me tell you, I can't wait to get more, though I know deep down I won't til the next time I'm in Nawlins.
What made it so yummy?
Not the same grease bucket you'd expect from KFC. No worries about staining your car as you drive back from the place [no seating at all, there]. 
Deliciously seasoned. It was so salty and peppery, you wanted to consume every piece of skin as you devoured the chicken. It's not very heavily breaded, so it didn't seem to weigh you down very much.
Side of biscuits[3] and a small mac n' cheese was great with the chicken. The chicken was salty, so the fact that the biscuits and mnc weren't meant perfect harmony of fatassness when you stuffed all three into your mouth at once.This occurred a few times, and I even found myself swiping my fingers across the container to get as much cheese as possible :D
Great place, get fat on it!
*This may be an exaggeration as I did not have any fried chicken anywhere else in New Orleans, but it still beats any I've had anywhere prior. Because it so easily exceeded my expectations of a chicken place in the ghetto [and maybe because I'm drunk], it earns its 5 stars.This chicken is fantastic, hot crispy, salty, and juicy. Eat it as soon as you get it that way you get it deliciousness at its very peak. I'm going to try some of their fried rice next time. I adore this chicken worth the travel time. Don't miss it( NOT FOR TOURISTS)A long time favorite when I travel home
to NOLA for a quick and delicious bite to eat. I love the jumbo wing combo and the mini pies, but especially the prices (even though the prices are much higher than years of past and I still miss the donuts). Good childhood memories here!Best chicken ever!! My cousin got us the chicken backs and they were perfect. Perfectly fried chicken we didn't need and sauces or sides.A hidden gem and a fav of the locals. Came here and had some fried shrimp and chicken. Delicious!!! The chicken is crisp on the outside and juicy in the inside. They use relatively smaller pieces of chicken to make sure the texture is just right. The shrimps are also surprisingly good given this place is known for the chicken. 
No seatings other than two benches so it is more for takeout. According to a local, this place used to be one of the best bakeries in the city which explains why the outside area looks like a bakery setup. 
Great food for great price! High recommend!The only reason I'm giving one star is because the chicken was good. The place was dirty. The service sucked. I will never go there again. Well ....if I do I'll send someone else in for me for the chicken. LOL! AnyWho my experience went something like this...... I went in second in line, then they took the person behind me order before mine so I said OK whatever maybe they just know this person. So then I let the people in front of me order then I ordered.  The two people behind me got their order before I got mine.....plus the two people that were in front of me. That's ridiculous!! My plate was just sitting there, with fries on it, open... waiting for chicken!! Smh! I had to go up to the counter and ask is that my plate, what am I waiting for? The lady finally was like "oh yeah I think that your plate".  She should definitely not be in the position of serving/Cashier/customer service!! So overall my visit was definitely not good. If you just want some chicken and you're not worried about the service at all go there you'll enjoy the food.i love, love, love this chicken. i am not an nola native but have been living here for 6 years and when i first taste this chicken i could not beleive how good it was. moist, flavorful, and on top of all that it is cheaper then all the commercial chicken fast food restaurants. you got to have it!!!!!great chicken. this is the first and only place where i ate chicken backs.  wish the had a better look to the store but you got to love the new orleans attitude from the workersChicken is always good. Definitely a hole in the wall place but it's reliably good chicken..... since alwaysGrowing up a Gentilly denizen in Edgewood Park, McKenzie's Chicken In a Box was a semi-regular meal offering at our house.  Although not my favorite chicken as a child, my parents liked it; therefore, my sister and I had no other choice for dinner when it was served.  Don't get me wrong, as there was absolutely nothing wrong with this chicken.  However, as kids, my sister and I were always wanting the television advertised chicken from Popeyes and/or Church's chicken. But I digress.
Frying chicken can get messy, especially if you don't have a deep fryer and you are using your trusty cast iron frying pan.  McKenzie's chicken "looks" more like home made chicken than all the other local offerings.  The pieces seem to be a little smaller, but perhaps they use smaller birds.  Who knows.  I find the flavor to be good but the skin is sometimes inconsistently cooked.  At times it can be nice and crispy, but sometimes it can be a little chewy.
The sides dishes are decent at best, with the dirty rice being my favorite of the limited options.  Now that I live in Lakeview, this is not my go to place for fried chicken.Perfect hole in the wall fried chicken spot. I was in NOLA celebrating Mardi Gras, and needed somewhere quick to eat before hitting the parade routes. We order a huge bucket of chicken, fries, and I believe two sides, but I can't recall right now. Everything was hot, seasoned well, and came out quick. One thing I thought was funny when the lady saw my GA ID she announced to the people in line that an Atlanta Falcon fan was in the house and everyone boo'ed me. 
PS I'm not a falcon fan- I just live in the state lolOh my! The most awesome team working in the "fried chicken business!" The crew that is working there now are the G.O.A.T.! They are fast and like family and know how to take care of people. The manager, another lady there and all the young men working today. October 31, 2019, Halloween evening around 4:13. I don't go there all the time, only when I cook red beans or some side dishes and I want a traditional taste, like my grandfather (Grammy), used to make. The chicken at Mc Kenzie's chicken in a box reminds me of dinner at my grandparents who are no longer with me. 
Who Dat at the best fried chicken restaurant in the city of New of Orleans... I should have gotten there names but the date and time says it all. 
Go Team y'all work great together!
God Bless all of you!
Mrs. Leigh
leighcoleman73@yahoo.comExcellent and speedy service. I love to support a local favorite. Fried chicken, fries and fried okra always cooked to perfection.THEY DO NOT CHANGE THE OIL IN THEIR FRYERS...that simple fact makes the chicken almost inedible, you can not be a place that specializes in chicken and fail in such a basic cooking skill, there really isn't anything else to say besides that such a disappointment.The chicken was pretty good.  It was cooked to order.  I offer chicken box with fries, i didn't see any small chicken box specials,  just family and game size specials.    They had some homemade pecan candy that was super good, i ain't it while waiting and order another one to go.  
Just make sure you ask for napkins and condiments.Delicious chicken, that's the bottom line. They have a menu full of stuff, but I only get the chicken. Anytime we have a little something and we need chicken, we get it from McKenzie's. They have party wings in bulk! They are piping hot and stay crispy even after being refrigerated. They are not too crispy, they are just right and full of flavor. 
The employees are friendly and the line moves quick if there is one and they take call in orders. There is limited street parking but there is a RiteAid right across the street so I usually park there. 
Only four stars because the place could use a little TLC but aside from that, the chicken is great.If there is better fried chicken I've never had it. Love the Boudin balls and the mustard greens also!!!!Today I ordered gumbo, shrimp pasta, fried okra, fried pickles, soft shell crabs and a pie. Everything was delicious, a lot of food and it wasn't reasonably priced.I was at McKenzie's twice this week. The chicken is so good I thought about going in disguise, maybe a mustache curled at the ends,huh? Ok, a plain mustache. 
The French fries are the best, really the best. They have the right softness to them, the right amount of salt, not greasy, and you miss them if you don't get them. 
The chicken is fried just right, never greasy, in fact you would mistake the chicken as being non fried. What ever is used to season and marinate the  chicken, I would like to get a whole 10 gallon galvanized container of it. It is perfect. You can call in your order, it's usually ready in a few minutes after you arrive. Or you can come in and get in line. I usually get s whole chicken, or you can get a half. When I order a whole I just make like I have a huge family, especially when I add two large fries with that whole chicken, uh uh huh, the grandchildren of course, their hungry. 
The menu is extensive. The poboy sandwiches, the party wings, the lunch and dinner plates are very good. The staff of ladies and gents and even the owner Gerald Entringer, jr are right there keeping the orders flowing, all the orders filled, the chicken frying, poboys stuffed, just everything. The lines are long, but worth the wait. 
Gerald and his family before him kept McKenzie on the lips of everyone in the city. The McKenzie family is an icon in the state of Louisiana as a bakery and chicken in the box entity. Gerald is the fourth generation owner of McKenzie chicken in the box, and have always kept this great and tasty food and vast menu affordable. It opened in 1952. 
The staff is friendly and efficient, it's amazing how they can have such a great attitude considering the vast volume of customers from breakfast to dinner wow! And some of the customers I've noticed are hungry as bulls, grrrrgrrr. Walk very slowly pass the hungry bulls with your order. Your fantasy grandchildren will be upset if those fries are gobbled up. 
If you decide to try McKenzie food and great menu, say hello to Gerald  Entringer, the owner. He's a great guy with a very great operation. McKenzie is naturally New Orleans.All I can say is...Popeye's or your momma's best fried chicken will be in competition for the #1 spot. This restaurant prepared some tasty and crispy, hot out the grease fried chicken. The biscuits were made from scratch too. We truly enjoyed the southern cuisine.Ordered a 25pc wing and they refried them. It was old chicken. Very hard and dry. Wasn't fresh at all. Very HORRIBLEEver get in that mood for fried chicken and nothing else will do? My partner and I were in that mood today so we looked on Yelp for a recommended Fried Chicken joint and came across this place and decided to pick up some chicken and wander over to City Park to have a little picnic.
We picked up a 10 piece box of chicken, a fry, a sweet potato fry, fried pickles and biscuits.
The chicken was very salty and tasted similar to KFC. It was nothing special. Willie Mae's is better and that holds no candle to Gus's in Memphis. The chicken pieces were smallish and a couple really had no meat on them at all. Out of the 10 pieces, only 2 of them were white meat.
The fries were a little under cooked and soggy and we tossed them, the fried pickles were very tart and again salty and the bottom of the bag was wet with grease and the biscuits were very standard, nothing bad or great about them.
A few hours later I was feeling very sick to my stomach and had heart burn which is not normal for me- even after an unhealthy meal. I was really hoping for something great that I could put on my mental board of places to eat, but sadly it is lacking and we won't be back.
I will say that the service was fast and there were several people working there. Unfortunately they also did not have basics needed like Ketchup, salt and napkins available.Great chicken. Terrible sides.
I ordered a 5 piece. Received 2 legs, 1 thigh, 1 breast, and  1 wing. 
Small Jambalaya 
Small Dirty Rice
Potato Salad (8oz.)
The Jambalaya and Dirty Rice were literally flavored rice. If you're from New Orleans, you would be insulted. 
The potato salad was okay, but very sweet.