I love the culture and history surrounding this place. The food looked awesome but the taste just wasn't there for me.  The food is just ok. Had the half and half grilled fish and shrimp with corn grits and gumbo.If I could take Melba's with me to Norfolk I would.
This was the first place (besides Fat Tuesday's) I stopped at in NOLA, and did they set the standards for food up high. They showed me real southern comfort food, and I was not disappointed. The food is delicious and over proportioned, all for a low price! I left Melba's with left overs, and my left overs after eating it a second time was more than enough for a third meal.
I HIGHLY recommend stopping here on your trip to NOLA! A hometown classic, in my opinion, and honesty better than what you'll find in the French Quarters.The food is always fresh and seasoned well. I come here atleast once a week for a large gumbo.I recently returned to Melba's and again I wasn't disappointed. Here is where I met the Amazing Marty(his family owns the business). He was everywhere helping at every turn yet he found the time to chat with me also called Marty! I was pleased to learn that the homeless are served hot fresh meals here. How great is that, giving back is key to life and our success. This time I tried the baked fish,Wow it was perfectly seasoned and did not have a muddy taste. The atmosphere here is the real deal and I am a fan for life. Enough said.Truly a waste of your time. New Orleans is filled with great restaurants, but this place is garbage. Avoid if at all possible.We ordered online hoping to save time and showed up and the order still wasn't ready...we waited an additional 15 minutes but it was well worth it. Best shrimp po boy. Their bread is perfect. Highly recommend it just expect a wait.I wanted to like it but have to put in the "large price for small portion" slot. Its probably great @ 4am when you are drunk. But i just paid $23 for two plates that were bland and skimpy. I got the wife the "half & half" (catfish and shrimp) and me the "baby back rib" plate. How is it the gumbo on the menu is a side in 3 sizes. But it isn't a "side" for the plates that come with a choice of sides? The shrimp did not taste that great. No seasoning, but a flavor like they were farmed in some Viet kiddie pool. The fish was ok, but there was only 1 piece. Meh, salad as with most places here is shredded iceberg and some dill pickle slices. The ribs were as bland as the day is long. Very tender but weak sauce, no smokeyness. The sauce wasn't even very cooked into the meat. Nothing was awful but nothing to bring me back. The red beans, and jambalaya sides were just small, forgettable and mostly just rice. Again, no real seasoning or spice to anything. In summation this is sub-cafeteria grade cajun food at fast-casual prices.Red beans, grits, and daquiris are all really good! Chicken wings when they're fresh are good, too, and I like the new Asian chicken dish they've added recently.  I try to always go on a Monday for the red bean special. Great deal! Management is always nice, staff can go either way, but mostly nice! :-) Overall pleasant atmosphere, wait can be a little long so the self-order stations come in handy.Great shrimp PoBoy- they use Leidenheimer's bread. Nice & chewy. Great fries, and I appreciate that they cater to Yelp-ers. Good hot sausage (Patton's I think) sandwich also- didn't get the egg on the sandwich as ordered, but they were busy.3 stars DUE TO HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! 
Came in to Melba's late Friday night, driving in from Dallas; we were starving! Around 2/3am, we find Melba's walking distance from your stay. We step in, and tried figuring out what we wanted to eat, not even 2 min from locating the menu we hear this horrible voice says "NEXT CUSTOMER PLEASE!" Coming from the cashier(Meaning it was our turn) not knowing a dam about the place we asked what kind of po-boys they had; brushing us off the cashier pointed at the board behind us and said "on the board.....next Customer please". We decide what we want and order, she asked for our names.we take a seat and wait to be called. 
Gave her my name, Carolina; as I'm sitting they yell out "Carolla....Carolla" not knowing it was me I don't get up. One more time "carolla...." i decide to make sure it wasn't me. I ask the other lady what the order was for, and correct my name pronouncing; she huffed and rolled her eyes. 
I couldn't believe the experience. 
Took the food home and ate in peace, very appetizing, great portions!Stopped in to eat after a long night. It's not very spacious on the inside, but the line moved quickly.  The fried chicken was recommended by a friend. 
The staff were very lively and didn't take any crap. You order on one end and pick up on the other end. They were running out of some things but it I don't know if that's the norm or because that's was an event in town.  
I ordered the 3 piece wing platter. I'm thinking it was full sized wings,  to my disappointment,  it was 3  wingettes. Had I known that,  I would have ordered more.  It wasn't the worst, but I wasn't super impressed.  I would give it another shot.Oh yea!  Everything I had was on point. One of my friends got the fried chicken wings...delicious. And can't beat the price for 2 pounds of crawfish. I was a bit sadden over the cabbage. It was so good. Then halfway in I hit nothing but white rice. I asked for cabbage not rice.. I am just saddened that I scarfed it down so quick.The mac & cheese, gumbo, red beans and rice were good. The place was small but had a really friendly atmosphere. This place feels and looks like a gas station pit stop. The cornbread could have been better but I wouldn't recommend driving all the way from Frenchmen street for this. The wait was quick and the workers were friendly. A customer walked in yelling about how she didn't want to be a stripper no more. Pure entertainment.PO boys are always good here. Great late night spot..I'm in love with their red beans and rice. This is a must whenever I come to New Orleans.Loved Melba's! Away from all the fancy recommendations comes a gem recommended by our uber driver.  Fried Chicken off the hook.  Corn Grits most unique version I've ever tasted. Worth the trip for that alone. Then the shrimp po buy- delicious.  Loved itGood food. Busy weekend was a little -moderate wait for Cafeteria serve. Not a lot of room for seating.I just ordered a shrimp poboy and it was uugghhh NOT GOOD, the shrimp taste like it was just pulled out the gulf!! My first time here and i doubt I'll ever come back ya'll can keep that!!This place is as close to heaven as you will get! 
Everything everything everything is amazing! 
The food is extremely affordable and full of that New Orleans flavor! 
The management is so professional, efficient, and thorough! 
The facility is by far one of the cleanest in the entire New Orleans area! 
I sincerely feel like I have no words to describe how awesome this place is!Food is great omg great food the bake chicken and Mac and cheese is out. The staff is awesome and polite and the prices are great. When ever in New Orleans you have to eat here!!!!!Hide yo kids, hide yo wives, but do not hide yo wallets because the food and service rocks! Enjoy. And must eat the corn grits.We went to Melba's last night/early morning at 12:00 am or so. We were craving some good shrimp boil and ordered at the kiosk because we thought it would be easier and quicker. When they called our name to pick up our order they just gave us an order of rice. We waited some time because we thought the shrimp were coming, but after a while we asked for our order they told us they were out of shrimp.  Staff were not helpful and seemed bother that we asked for our order. We were not the only ones whose order was messed up. There were several customers who were complaining about the wait and the lack of good customer service.Horrible Food!! I ate the food there and the prices are extremely high their white rice is always hard and undercooked and I also almost choked a a piece of Brillo pad that was inside the chicken!!I don't want to remain anonymous. My name is Angel Alexander and I tried to buy a homeless person food but the manager was kicking her out. I then asked him why when I was about to buy her food and/or not give her money. He ignored me. The cashier then told me that she causes problems and etc so I then proceeded to apologize and he just literally ignored me. I tried to say look should I be buying her food, sorry for the attitude and instead of him talking to me as the manager, he just ignored me. He then decided to call the police on us after a white customer who didn't know what was going on, started voicing their negative opinion. Instead of you trying to hear a EXTREMELY SUPPORTIVE customer out, he chose to ignore me completely and act as though he didn't care. I'm am apart of the community and also apart of the growing business that we give you several days a week. This  as disrespectful and unprofessional. If you'd like to talk to me please reach out. Thank youSometimes you have one of those mornings after a night of too much fun, and your makeup is old and sliding off your face, and you smell like last night's spilled beer.  You might stumble upon Melba's, and it would be your lucky day.  I got the hot sausage poboy.  It was like $3 or $4 and it was awesome and HUGE.  As we already know, size matters.  A LOT.  I could only eat a a third of it which, if you knew me, you'd know that sandwich was no joke.
They had cherry bombs 3 for $1.  The strongest fucking alcohol you'll ever taste.  I choked and my eyes teared up as I gasped for air.  The guy behind the counter was from the 7th Ward and had all these tattoos and a thick Southern accent.  Bullet proof security door so don't even think about messin' around tryna steal some fried chicken.  Bathroom had no toilet paper but they improvised with some napkins upon request.  Love this place.My first late night food run in New Orleans. The line was long and they do have a vast menu for a late night food run. Decision number one while being here is deciding to order at kiosk (order fast but you don't get to see the food while waiting in line, which is what I did) vs waiting in line (longer wait but you get to see the sides and food as you going through the line). I got a wing ding dinner with macaroni and cheese (wings were ok nothing special and the mac and cheese was horrible/nasty, nothing but spaghetti noodles and melted cheese). I also had a small fried chicken tender po boy which was good (they have 3 different sizes and 10 + choices for the po boys). Overall I would maybe try something else but it wasn't great either. However it's not everyday that you get to eat a mealina dry cleanerHorrible customer service i live in the city and every time i eat here the wait is long and the employees are very rude orders are done wrong request are not recognized I've decided to not eat here anymoreIn-house daiquiri was cheap, convenient, and delicious. My overstuffed shrimp po boy on the other hand was not so great. While there were a lot of shrimp, they were overcooked and chewy. The bread was also chewy, so the texture left a lot t be desired overall. I'll stick with Gene's for my late night sandwich cravings.I was such a glutton at this place....from the 9th ward gumbo..to the ribs..the red beans and rice....the food was amazingly great! They seasoned everything very well....it was the right temperature...well cooked. SO good u must go! I called ahead of time and did a phone order and it was ready when I got there. Not to mention their daiquiris...omg you must try the Xtasy....it was just so good I will definitely be back...and great customer service !Roast beef is the BEST!
Takes a while to get your order but worth it.
Clean and love the laundryOne of my favorite late night places in the city! Staff is always super friendly and the food is tasty!!I love the Panty Dropper mixed with XTC daiquiri! $5 large on Thurs & Sun.. Tried the hamburger po boy today. Didn't like it. Store brought, frozen patty. Wasn't charbroiled as advertised on menu.This is THE BEST Shrimp Po Boy Ive had; outside of Parkway Bakery, which really loads on the shrimp.  It comes down to the baguette. It was flaky, crispy and just perfection.
Never heard of paying extra to get a Po Boy dressed. Probably just an easy profit for the business.What can I say ... buffet-style food with all the old favorites for late night eats or just when you're looking for something quick to eat.  The Red Beans Special is banging ... love the corn grits too.  The fact that the late-night crowd is a bit sketchy just adds to the flavor of it all.This place was recommended by our lyft driver..doesn't  look like much from the outside but when you walk in the smell of food hits you! I had the half fish half shrimp grilled plate which came with 1 side order and grits or bisquits..also had boiled crawfish yummy..the corn grits omg they are delicious im mean you gotta try these grits...unfortunately the fish snd shrimp were way to salty to the point i couldn't even eat..but the crawfish was delicious as well as the jambalaya. ..please scale back on the salt!!!!Wings, red beans, every poboy you make..love the voodoo philly..mac and cheese the cakes..I should I have just said EVERYTHING..love you guys, and the kids day is perfect..my boys love getting the tenders..i joined yelp for the sole purpose of writing this review. i love melba's but think i may have had my last experience with them last night/this morning. i had several friends in town who wanted to grab something to eat and melba's was the first place i thought of because i love the food. we arrived sometime around 1 in the morning. the majority of my friends ordered shrimp po-boys, some ordered stuff off the hot table. we waited for our orders for nearly an hour even though there were not that many customers there. there have been times that i have gone before and the line had been wrapped around the counter and STILL got my food faster than we did last night. two of my friends finally said something and were given free daiquiri refills but still no food. when it FINALLY arrived, we asked to speak to management and what were we offered for our troubles? free plastic cups, bumper stickers and a discount on the next visit, all with a straight face. the problem is that there will probably not be a next time. while the food was great when it finally arrived, none of my friends are interested in returning. the only explanation that was offered was that three people didn't come in because "folks don't want to come to work." i felt horrible because it was my suggestion and though it was beyond my control, i felt responsible for them having such a bad experience. i've been a customer since melba's has opened at this location but have found the experience to be lacking with each recent visit. i'm always happy to see a locally-owned establishment grow but it seems that melba's has grown, increased prices and decreased the quality of service. i doubt that i will be back. we should have gone to gene's.So much better than Gene's and Ilys..omg I love this place..don't waste your money there..come to melbas..it's so goodThe food is okay. I've been given cold food, and they are no longer honoring the free fries with a po-boy deal, despite it still being on their radio ads and on Yelp. I've had both very friendly and very condescending cashiers, depending on how busy it is I think. $8 for a french fry po-boy seems a bit much to me. 
However, I like the family-oriented environment and that the staff is diverse. I've seen their kids visit for lunch, and it was heart-warming for me. The ability to do laundry, get free refills, and do so in the middle of the night are all what bring me here.
You won't find information about laundry on their website, and I wasn't able to place an order online from my phone for some reason.Haven't ate yet but I've been waiting 30 minutes so far watching many people go by - even after informing staff. Another patron was on the same 30 minute wait. First time probably last. Insane!We came here because we asked our Uber driver where a good local spot was that we should try. He dropped us off at Melba's. This was the best po boy that I had along with their gumbo. I only gave it four stars because they need to change their check-in offer because they did not honor it. Other than that it was a cute little spot to visit while we were in NOLA.The cheese grits alone makes me give this place 5 stars. It is 24 hrs with good soul food cooking.  The funniest part is that you can people watch, wash clothes and read the employee comments all in one visit. Everyday is a new special and even though I missed breakfast by 10 mins it was easy to decide on something else. Thumbs up all aroundGreat food unique to New Orleans. Relaxed atmosphere, plenty of room, and amazing food. Plenty of parking. Would come everyday if possible.Great place! After visiting other places that offered the same menu for higher prices, I found Melba's to be easy on the wallet while offering delicious foods. Even the breakfast was good with a wide variety of food to choose from. Will definitely visit again when I'm in New Orleans.
Love the Po-boys and the chicken wings!Good late night, however, need to make make sure the server and wait people are on your order otherwise they will forget. Waited 20 mins for our order that was sitting for 15. 
Wings are the shit here.Great po-boys. Cooked right there and the guarantee of at least 30 shrimp per po-boy. The store-front and inside are quirky and interesting, but the service is a bit lack-luster. I felt that I was being done favors by just being spoken to.I know this is a beloved institution in the seventh ward, however their breakfast is disgusting- I have never had such a gross breakfast in New Orleans or anywhere really- so there's that. Disclaimer, I didn't try anything else on the menu. The staff was eccentrically New Orleans and somewhat friendly as described! And it does have an interesting story behind it and has lots of different things to see and eat and drink. So if you want just an experience go there.I've been coming to MELBA'S for the past 2 years or so. A few employees even know me by name. I haven't had Melba's since I moved off the East Bank, so while coming from work today (08/26/2016) I've decided to make a Web order which was supposed to be finished by 6:27, I got all the way there at (6:40) just to find out that they hadn't even processed my order. I waited about 10 minutes before I went to the counter to ask the clerk if their Web order process was in full effect. She said yes and called the manager to inform her that there was a web order! The worst part is when the manager (or person who said she was the manager when I asked to speak with a manager) wasn't aware that I was in the store when a staff member told her they had a Web order. She went to punch in her code on the iPad, looked at the order and said "oh my gosh we have a freaking catfish loaf, who has time for this" while engaging in her conversation I figured whatever energy the manager gives customers would be the same the other staff members would be "comfortable" with! So the guy in the back said "seriously, wow". I mean I was standing right there and they didn't know it was my order. (No one other than Katrina, I think that's her name because of the receipt, who was the only one who didn't give off any negative energy). I asked for my money back and then "the manager" wants to try to play the nice role saying "are you sure you wanna cancel, im sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable". Ma'am all i want is my refund, thanks for the only shitty service I've ever received while eating or taking out @ MELBA'S. If this person was a manager, that was NOT the way to conduct business whether I was present or not, no matter what I ordered, I'm the one paying for it.Yummy. We had roast beef poboy dressed and smoked sausage poboy. Very satisfied. Couldnt even finish them.  They conviently cut the 10" poboy into 3 making it easier to handle. Fries were ok, but i wasnt there for that. 
If youre in a hurry, call your order in. Wait can take a while so be prepared to wait about 20 min during lunch time. But so worth it.
They also allow u to sample their stuff. I got a taste of the corn grits. Now I cant wait to return to try a plate!Food was sooooo good!! I had the shrimp poboy!! And gumbo and stuffed pepper!!
I was visiting from Houston!! Sad faceGood food, but takes them like an hour to make a sandwich (poboy). Worst attitude ever from the cashier when i asked how long it would take. I wouldnt come here again, too many good places to get better food in new orleans.The best Red Beans and Rice in all of New Orleans...even better that it's also a Washateria, they serve crazy strong drinks, beer, play Motown and Soul, and they're located right here in The Marigny! Heaven on Earth!So goood! The shrimp pivot was so simple but AWESOME! Came for crawfish...they don't serve um in the evening. But daaanmngg! For after 1am u made this Atlantan happy!!!I've eaten here once before and it wasn't very good. That being said, I wanted some cheap food for a party coming up and there was a groupon - $12 for 50 pieces of chicken. We called to order the chicken and were told there was no Groupon running. This place is ran as poorly as their food. Also, considering their past history includes people getting murdered in the parking lot and a manager refusing the play Saints games because he disagrees with the players' protests, I am done with this place.Great place!! Me and my wife were visiting New Orleans for our anniversary, and this place was highly recommended. Food was good and hot!I've driven passed this gem thousands of times and just recently stopped in and man, was I glad I did! It has become a pretty regular stop for me...there is so much to choose from off the menu. Recently I was I there and the manager offered me to sample their crawfish...nice. Anyway, the place is clean, customer service is pleasant, easy parking, the courtyard is refreshing, nice prices and the food is pretty good! It's also attached to a laundromat - so, you can throw your over size blankets in a fancy wash, have some lunch and sip on a daiquiri in the court yard. Get the shrimp poboy...it won't disappoint!We love Melba's!  Perfect for late night, on our way home from working in the quarter.  The boiled seafood is good, the poboys are fantastic, the chicken is great, and the daiquiris are delicious!  Not like the usual, overly syrupy slush everywhere else, you can actually taste the fruit juice in them!Very affordable compared to the French district. Always a special on frozen drinks and $1 shots.We brought my Youth group there to have lunch from North Pole Alaska. One of the best things we've eaten on the whole trip. The staff was very  friendly and food was great.This establishment does not provide tap water despite the fact that they serve alcohol (that's illegal). I bought a shrimp platter and they wouldn't give me a cup of water. Reprehensible. Also the food sucked.I fell in love with Melba's - but I'd only been there during lunch. The night crew treat white people like garbage and move only when they feel like it. 
The 39 people and their families they advertise "we" support must be hungry - if they're white. 
Steer clear.Melba's is another one of those NOLA institutions not to be missed. Where else can you get po' boys, hot crawfish, dozens of culinary delights, and simultaneously do your laundry in the attached laundromat? The crew had it going on early, everything is authentic Creole, Soul and Cajun, and every person in there has a certain pride about serving you real NOLA and it shows. We had the grits, both kinds - creamy style and cheesy style, which contains some whole kernel fresh sweet corn, we had crawfish that we had literally watched die for our breakfast, it's serve yourself soft drinks, bevvies and whatnot, food to take or places to sit, happening place because this is where the actual residents eat. The restroom is one size fits all, clean and stocked, even for baby changing. Foodie peeps like my chef son and I could have spent hours in there, enjoying our conversation with the fine folks serving up NOLA Soul. Do visit!I just had to write about the experience I had on 3/19/2016. I came into the restaurant pretty late and very hungry. There was a long line and 2 gentlemen that ordered prior to me complained that the cashier had a"nasty attitude".They were 100% correct. Your cashier Terriyion should NEVER be allowed to interact with customers. She is the epitome of horrible customer service. She cut me off several times while placing my order, sighed heavily when I asked her to repeat herself, which I wouldn't have had to do if she was speaking clearly. No hello, no please, no thank you, just snatched the money and moved on top the next customer. Whoever the older woman was that worked the night of 3/17,you should have her give a lesson on true New Orleans hospitality. As a native, I found this young woman's service utterly disgusting. IF I ever walk in and see her again, I'll walk right back out.
Side note,  they charge if you want your po boy dressed . That is the most ludicrous, ridiculous thing I've ever seen. Po boys are automatically dressed!!!! My $8.99 hot sausage po boy costs $11.49 after paying for cheese and to have it dressed. RIP OFF. Save yourself the trouble and go to Genes.1st time trying crawfish from Melba's and I'll say this, "NEVER NO MO'!" Besides them throwing in about 2lbs of whole onions and half lemons with the 10lbs I ordered I've never had such an array of bad crawfish in my life. It was like they mixed in re soaked crawfish with dirty crawfish and over cooked crawfish. Only about every 10th one was edible. So it looks like they did me a favor by only giving 8lbs after I pulled out the 2lbs of lemons and onions. The rest were filthy, not purged correctly. Over cooked, just broke apart as mush upon peeling them and just plain tasted bad, like 3 day old re warmed crawfish. Look, I'm a local. Not some hipster transplant from Portland who doesn't know any better. I FED THE 1ST 2 TO MY 2YR OLD FOR CHRISTS SAKE!!!! If it wasn't for the traffic and aggravation I would've returned them. This was more of a social tradition than a "I have to feed my family with this" situation so I'll take my L. The lil free daquiri doesn't even make up for this ineptitude. I would eat other items here but now I won't return for ANYTHING. Too many other options in town. I'd eat those lih dried ass shrimp from the asian corner store before I eat crawfish from there again. I'd eat Disney Gumbo before I'd eat crawfish from there again and I sincerely mean that. $29 gone to waste. But that lil daiquiri was good. The one star for the Daq!This review is for the service. So if they open 24/7 like you advertise then why does everything gets turn off. I walked into Melba's at 12:30 because it says it opens 24/7, but as soon as I walked in the employees told me that everything has to get heated up and we have to wait 30 mins. I'm sorry as a server and if anyone from Melba's came into my job and I said they'd have to wait 30 mins for food guess who is gonna complain and try to get free food? Seriously don't say y'all open 24/7 if y'all aren't prepared to serve.....Melba's is great place to do laundry and get work done at the same time. Wifi internet access along with food if I'm hungry, Melba's is the best in the neighborhood.this is a great place first off cause its open 24 hours.   then there is the fact that there are so many choices to eat you might have a hard time choosing.
the staff is courteous, and they look like they are having a good time, and the sense of community is why I give this five stars.  they invest in each other.  and it shows.
local artists line the walls, and you can do your laundry.
this is some old skool new orleans right here.    
I highly recommend this affordable home cooking joint to anyone visiting here, or any time your out partying all night and need to eat something....   AND you can get yaself a killer daquiri while doin it.
cheers.Out-of-town friends are always asking where the locals go to eat Louisiana food.  Finally getting around to telling the world at large-- it's Melba's.  Big, cheap, good drinks, big portions of good New Orleans food at lower prices than you'll find elsewhere.  NOT a fancy atmosphere.  Service hit & miss, but food always good.  Easy to park if you're driving-- park right in front or in the back if the front spots are filled.  A quick walk from the streetcar stop at St. Claude & Elysian Fields.I have no problems at all with this place!! The line being long is about the only thing I can complain about and then again, can't really complain about that cause it's a sign that the food is good!!!! The local atmospheric art is super cool. The food is delicious!!! The service was ok. Nothing to complain about. If I must suggest something....CORN GRITS!! Aww man, they're soooo good!! All around a cool place to eat!!Melba's has serves just about anything Cajun or creole you could want, plus daiquiris. The fish & shrimp po boy was my first in New Orleans, and it set the bar high. No complaints at all.Cafeteria style. Good food at reasonable prices.  Casual dining.  Favorite with locals.   I would come again.Another 24 hour joint, gotta love these! A group of four of us strolled in here late, around 3 am or something like that, hammered out of our faces, but never obnoxious wit it, real locals here who know how to handle our liqour. Anyways, remembering what everyone else ordered is a blur, all I remember is my breakfast poboy, and at least one of those giant ass pancakes.
I don't think anyone who orders one of those big ass pancakes really realize how massive that thing is. They literally present it in a giant ass pizza box. The one who ordered it was clearly experiencing some drunken confidence in the promise that he would finish the whole thing...long story short, the pancake won.
As for my breakfast poboy, it could have been that i was hungrier than a pig who ate nothing but salad for three days straight, but I found it to be the savior of a massive hangover, just hit it up with some Crystal hot sauce, and it's on n poppin! 
I'm thankful I stopped in, it was in my sights for a hot one.The only reason why they get more than one star is because they are open late. And there are not too many places to choose from this late. The counter service is slow. I mean VERY slow. I think I waited about 25 minutes for fried chicken. Fried chicken never takes that long. I don't care what you say. But then I was happy to see chicken when it came until I got to the part where I had to eat it because it was very salty and tasted like checkers or rally's. Meh this was like the worst chicken I have ever had. Hands down.So good! We were originally going to another place, but our uber driver suggested Melba's instead. People were friendly and the shrimp po boy was delicious!I was recommended Melbas because of my crazy work schedule and them being open 24 hours. Placed a order and took it to go. Everything was pretty good. Would've placed more stars except for the fact that I found some type of paper in my gumbo. It wasn't floating on top and was clearly mixed in like a main ingredient.The good:  really big menu. I mean huge. They have just about any soul food you can think of and then some. They have really friendly staff and they're always helpful. The corn grits are awesome.
The bad: the menu is too big. If you dont know what you want or haven't been there before you can almost get lost trying to figure out what you want. The huge menu also leads to another problem the food itself. Because the menu is so big it seems like a lot of the items are just ok most of the time depending on who's cooking. The gumbo is always over seasoned. Overall there ok at 3:00 in the morning with a hangover but not so much when you have options.I'm changing  my review after a recent experience where I was treated horribly by a staff member who shall remain unnamed. I want so badly to like Melba's, and it's saddening that the food doesn't outweigh the repeated experiences of bad customer service. 
About a week ago, I visited and ordered 2 sides. After being given the wrong food (that the cashier took down correctly, efficiently, and very courteously), I waited an additional 20 minutes for my 2nd side. 
A supervisor/manager (I'm unsure) noticed how long I had been waiting and politely requested that it be fixed immediately. She then apologized, and I assured her that I understood given my previous work experience. Later, I offered suggestions for speeding up the shift and drawer change process, and she offered me a job opportunity. 
Also, they will not honor the french fry deal, even though it's still on here and their radio station. 
Two days later, I went in for lunch, got a refill using my refill cup and was met by a staff member who was extremely rude and could not muster the ability to use complete words or sentences. She asked when I bought my cup, and I was honest that it was not the same day. I'm new to town and didn't realize I misunderstood the local business' free refill policy. I felt like I was being treated like a criminal, as opposed to a new but common customer who had a genuine misunderstanding. Part of her job is customer service, and there is no excuse to treat patrons as though they are out to get lunch. I decided to skip lunch at Melba's and will genuinely never go back, not even for laundry. 
It's disappointing that such poor service is tolerated and abundant.Ok, I made it back, this time I wasn't in search of ice cream, I was on a mission to EAT!!!! #feedseymour 
So much activity going on here, it's easy to suspect the food here is great &&& I needed put my lips on some vittles.  So, I ordered a charbroiled hamburger po-boy & with my Yelp check-in I got some free fries... Yesssss!!!!!!! Additionally I ordered a daiquiri (player passion & hurricane mixed because I'm a #swirlgirl). 
The French Bread is the kind my granny likes, CRUNCHY & makes a crumbly mess with every bite. It was "dressed" add ketchup. It was a delight, until I was able to taste the patty alone... Ehhhhh #methinksNOT. This apparently was a frozen patty, that had a sort of mildewy taste to me... So I decided to ditch the meat & have my way with the bread, yummy for my tummy.  The swirl daiquiri was on point!!!! The fries were 'leave them' on the 'take it or leave it' option. 
The crumbly mess-making French Bread & the swirl daiquiri was great... The hamburger meat & fries left a lot to be desired tho. 
Parking is strategic as it's limited in the front & shared with the neighboring laundry-mat. But there is parking in the rear behind the outdoor patio. 
Oh well, on to the next.Love this place.  Good food and drinks along with hospitality.  We got here at like 8/9 in the morning and didn't leave til noon.  I can pass on the gumbo, but their shrimp and fish poboy was good and the crawfish was sooo flavorful!  I had some daiquiris on Monday which was $1.  I had the peach and strawberry mixed and these things will sneak up on you fast.  Be careful it'll put you down but a good combo with the food.  I'll be back when I come back to NOLA!Really impressive shrimp Po Boy. Philly isn't what I would consider a Philly. Very salty but good. Daiquiris are cheap but nothing special. Would
Love a real fruit daiquiri option. Love that they post their employee benefits.This is probably the worst place I've ever been into as far as management they treat you like crap always noise in there and  sometimes you get what you order. However I do praise Scott the owner and manager he is good people.