We have been coming here for a couple of years.. but the last three things at this location things have gotten progressively worse.. we came here this last week and was greeted and sat.. the waiter took our order for hummus and beer and pizza.. after a wait(I know how much it takes being here before) we got our pizza and beer but no hummus.. had to ask for napkins.. then I asked for a to go beer(I love New Orleans) but after a 10 minute wait no beer.. at least they didn't charge us for it..so we left.. and we won't be back sadly.. we used to love this place but we will take our business elsewhereMy BBQ chicken pizza and greek salad were both delicious but I was super disappointed in the beer selection. I've come to expect great craft beer at Mellow Mushroom locations and these guys didn't even have an Abita Big Easy IPA. The best choice was a Dale's Pale Ale out of a can, which is perfectly fine, but with all the delicious local beer it was not at all what I was hoping for. At minimum they should have some bottles/cans from Parish, Great Raft, Urban South, Abita, NOLA, etc...My friend and I split the spinach dip as an app. Dang. As someone who is both stingy and never orders appetizers, this was beyond worth it, folks. Cheesy and warm and all you could ever want. 
The Mellowterranean was super delicious as well. We split a medium size and had to be rolled out we were so stuffed. 
Great waitstaff and service. Homeboy hypnotized us with his eyes.You win, cute waiter. You win.This has been an awful experience. We walked in around 1:30 pm and we waited for our drinks for 40 minutes and had to remind the waiter three times. Half of our table received their meals while the other half had to wait an extra 20 minutes. There were two tables here and a few at the bar, not busy at all. The table behind us walked out due to the awful service, and I'm currently wondering why I didn't. never going backCame to this location after the zoo.  The staff is amazing.  Took a little long to get our food, but once we got it, we were so very happy.  I love this location.  More friendly than Metairie.This place just opened up around the corner from my house, so I had to try it.
The place itself is cute and well decorated inside and also has an upstairs. On the day we were there, we ate downstairs so I don't know what the upstairs looks like but I assume it also would be nice. the lighting is fairly dim which I like and a lot of local elements were used in crafting the decor.
We had Pizza and Garlic bread. Both were tasty. We ordered a medium Buffalo Chicken pizza and it was way too much food for 2 people due to the fact that the crust is pretty thick when compared to someplace like Pizza Delicious. there was a dizzying range of pizza choices and I like having a large selection to tempt my taste buds. the pizzas were not overly full with toppings,but also didn't seem to be lacking. My friends split a Cesar salad and it looked really good.
The wine and beer list is also large and they have some interesting brews on tap. Another plus.
I did find it to be a tiny bit pricey for pizza, but I also enjoyed the location, ambiance and  decent service so in this case it's really more of an evening out than just grabbing a quick slice of pizza.
I'd say check it out and be aware that the pizza is more filling than it looks! Order one size smaller than you otherwise would or be prepared for leftovers!I had been hearing a lot of great things about Mellow Mushroom, but for some reason, I never think to go there.
It was Monday night.  It was Labor Day.  This was a double whammy when trying to find an open restaurant.  Then MM popped into my head.  I was sure they'd be open...and they were!
We went to the location on Oak Street.  I really liked the vibe of the place.  Kind of cool funky.  There were 2 floors of seating, and also a balcony for dining outside.   Unfortunately we were unable to eat outside, as it had been raining off and on.  
The service was top notch.  Everyone we came in contact with was very nice and beers were refilled quickly...which is always a good thing.
Now for the food...
I ordered a Caesar salad.  It was fantastic!  Good lettuce to dressing ratio.  Delicious, fresh croutons.  And shavings of parmesan cheese.  I'm also pretty sure that the dressing contained anchovy paste, and this is as it should be!  YUM! 
Everyone that mentions MM to me, says that the Holy Shitake pizza is the best.  I'm a mushroom luvuh, so I took their advice and went with that.  I added bacon to it.  First off, I wanted some meat on my pizza, and secondly...well...bacon makes everything better.  And it's drizzled with a garlic aioli!  Can't go wrong with that.
O.M.G!  This pizza was amazing!  The flavors all went well together and the crust was delicious as well.  
We also tried the Thai pizza. It was good, but not great. The veggies on the pizza could've been cooked a little more, and overall I expected it to have more of a curry taste.  It also had a sweetness to it.  Too sweet for my taste.  It just didn't seem "Thai" at all to me.
I would absolutely go back to Mellow Mushroom.  I will always get the Caesar salad, and I'll always get the mushroom pizza.  Each time I go, I'll also try a different one.  But I have a feeling the Holy Shitake will always remain my favorite.   
I do have to note though...even though I LOVED the Holy Shitake pizza, if I were really in the mood for pizza, it wouldn't satisfy my craving.  To satisfy a true pizza craving, I'd have to go with a traditional red sauce and pepperoni.Hubby wanted to visit Oak Street.  Take note - nothing going on during a Monday afternoon!  We stopped at Mellow Mushroom for lunch as it was pretty much the only place open.  Delivered as any MM does.  Food and drinks right on point.Nice location. I had a really nice drink that I wish I could recall the name of. The pretzels are great and the beer cheese is really, really good. Our server was attentive initially but it took a while for our pretzels to come out, we came here because we had to wait four our table at Cosimo's so we thought we would have drinks & appetizers & kill time till our table was ready. It took the pretzels so long to come out that we had to tell them to make them to-go because we had received our page from the restaurant. We ended up eating our pretzels later that night as a snack.Came here with my SO upon my return from a 10-day work stint in Mexico.
The spinach dip is delicious! So creamy... And I like that it comes with garlic bread.
We split that and a Mighty Meaty pizza.  The pizza had a ton of meat (awesome) and the crust was amaze-balls.  I also got the waitress to bring some red sauce for dipping, so that's a big plus.
The waitress was sweet enough, but seemed to forget things.  
The dip and a medium pizza was more than enough to fill us up and provide lunch for me today!The sandwiches are very mediocre. I realize it's a pizza joint, but I was completely underwhelmed by the steak and cheese hoagie I got there. I recommend the chicken calzone or the pizza. The pizza's are a little pricy but pretty good. 
The service is also pretty slow, even when there is no crowd to speak of. The staff is friendly, but they seem a little discombobulated at times.
It's kind of weird having chain restaurant on Oak Street but I suppose if you had to have one, Mellow is not a bad one to have.I love the selection of toppings and apps, but I have to say that the crust is always tough. It tastes like it was previously frozen, it's a sad contrast to the fresh ingredients on the top of the pizza. Worth a try for the cool atmosphere and good food.Yuuuuuummmmmmm!!!! Want to actually enjoy your pizza night? Order from Mellow Mushroom! Staff is prompt and informative, menu has a ton of variety. Huge beer selection too!!The mellow mushroom is an interesting little place.  While being a pizza chain it managed to be quite unique.  The place has a lot of local flair and even custom menu choices.  Food was pretty good too.  They use a real sweet pizza sauce, which I happen to like!  The burgers had potatoes on the side, but not your typical fried.  Instead they were new potatoes, roasted with onions, good stuff.  You also won't be short on cheese, any cheese based item will have a ton on it.  Plan to split, the portions are large!Evil Twin on tap! Awesome beer selection!!!Went with a group of six last night.  Tried 3 different pizzas.  The shitake pizza was amazing.  The Mediterranean pizza was okay; chicken was dry and pieces were too big.  The Meatlovers was very good.  Service was good.  One really bad thing; the music was so loud conversation was almost impossible.  There is NO reason to have the music up that loud!  Overall B+.The mushroom soup is delicious! Sweet tea is good too but the spiked sausage hoagie was to die for. My dad & I split the whole hoagie and we both couldn't get over how good it was. So much flavor!I've always loved mellow mushroom. this place was no exception. very consistent across their restaurants.
tried the potato pizza, wouldn't try again but wasn't bad. got the pretzels with marinara, always love those. great to share.
drinks were good, had some apple pie cocktail and some other refreshing cocktail, both great. 
we also sat on the patio which was nice and relaxing. apparently upstairs they have karaoke sometimes?
even though there are a lot of good pizza places in town and this place is a chain, would rate this high up with the other ones and would choose this place just as often.Skip this review if you can eat real pizza.  Gluten-free (GF) pizza is a bit of an oxymoron.  I get it.  
Pizza is made up of three components, namely, toppings, sauce and crust.   I kept the toppings simple, but the red sauce was bland and the GF crust was cardboardy and charred.  That's just one out of three.  To keep this short, stars for even having the option, but not a food item I'd actively seek out.  If dining with friends, best to order the cheapest thing on the menu and splurge elsewhere.A pretty decent pizza place overall. Doesn't hurt that they got a stocked bar :0)
Decor is pretty standard. Two levels and plenty of space. Eating on the balcony in cool weather was really nice especially with a good coconut rum mojito. 
My friend and I had a pie with meatballs on it. Pizza is thin crust style here but tasty. 
I didn't get a chance to peruse the menu more but I think I would consider coming back with a group of people. 
Overall: Try it if you're looking for a new place for pie. You just might like it.Can't beat 50 cent wings during Saints' games - every flavor is delicious! Who Dat!
Great environment, delicious drinks, and perfect football food. Try the Kentucky Sunrise - bourbon, maple syrup, red wine - sounds unusual but tastes better than you can imagine.
Love mellow mushroom!We planned a surprise party for my best friend here and it could not have gone better! I contacted the GM Joe about hosting an event and from the start, he was so helpful in giving me all the information we needed to make the night a success. We got there and our bartender and waitress (can't remember their names, sorry!) were very accommodating and knowledgeable about the food and drinks. 
The atmosphere is very cool! The upstairs area (where our group was all night) is decorated with esoteric paintings and there are 2 patios, one for smoking and one that overlooks the street. The drinks were great, reasonably priced, and there is usually a special running on the reg. And the food is awesome!! You gotta try that muffaletta bread. The service was fast and the food was on point. 
Whether you are just looking to grab dinner at a cool pizza joint or wanna host an event, I definitely recommend this place!Beer, pizza, oak street, what's not  to like?
Had a nice meal here tonight, the venue was nicely decorated, clean, and pleasant.
Very persoable and friendly bartender helped steer me to a good beer choice amid the plethora of flavors available, and then it was time to figure out the pie.
There is a nice variety of signature on the menu pizzas, but you can build your own, which I did. The end result was a white pizza made with olive oil, garlic, ricotta, shaved parmesan, ham, spinach, and double mushroom. I loved every bite!I love that they have GF pizza here, even if it's only small pizzas now. Their salads are always super fresh and tasty, I have yet to try the herb vinaigrette that our waiter recommended- mostly b/c I eat the balsamic vinaigrette by itself off the fork (or my finger) it's that good. 
While it's not NY pizza, it's a decent replacement for sure! The toppings are always really good. The staff is super nice..... maybe a bit spacey but come on, man, it's the mellow mushroom! I've always had great service. 
Great beer selection to top it off. Oh, and we didn't have any, but there was pumpkin spice ice cream on the menu!! My basic bf is in heaven.My girlfriend and I paid under $40 for a great spinach and artichoke appetizer and then a HUGE pizza. This was a really well made pizza with a great tasting crust and they weren't stingy on the toppings either!  I will be going back soon!Crust is really good and the kids menu is spot on for our kiddos. It's one of the few places I'd say is truly family friendly. All the specialty pizza's are pretty good. We recently got the house special and that was great! The appetizers are just ok, not anything I'd say is noteworthy. Really it's a great neighborhood spot to watch the game at the bar or grab a slice with the kiddos. Prices are very fair for the quality and portions. Our family loves Mellow Mushroom on Oak. St,  and it's pretty much our go-to get out the house with the kids place.I love the food here. But since it's new, the service is really slow and disorganized. Our order got lost in the process and we had to wait almost an hour to get everything corrected. But the pizzas are worth the wait.I've enjoyed Mellow Mushroom Birmingham  and various places in Florida, so was excited to have one in town. I think this location took a little while to get its groove, but is now producing product worthy of the Mellow reputation.
I also love be that they now deliver. 
The kids love the pizza and pretzels and my daughter and I are devoted to the "Holy Shitake:" a white pizza with mushrooms, herbs and spiral of ridiculous truffle aioli. Yum! 
The crust in their pizza has a great chew and a lot of flavor: yeasty with a touch of what I suspect is molasses. 
Oh, and I'm a fan of the mushroom soup. It's warming, rich and earthy. Great comfort food!Nice spot near Jacques-Imo's to wait for a table.  I can't speak to their food as we only sat at the bar for a few drinks while we waited for our table next door.
Friendly bartenders with a decent beer list!Delicious and creative pizza! We ordered the Maui Wowie and the Bayou Bleu and both were exceptional.  We had great conversation with our bartender and the manager, both of whom were working very hard, and took care to remember our names.  We were very pleased with our experience.Huge variety of delicious pizza choices.  Their Thai Dye curry chicken pizza is outstanding, as is their Holy Shiitake (and I don't even usually like mushrooms).  The crust is reeeaaally good.   Funky atmosphere, too.  It's like creepy carnival fortune teller ouija board art and stuff.  Does not feel like a chain restaurant, I didn't even realize it was one until my sister told me she ate at one in Atlanta.  Oh yeah, they also had gluten free options for her since she needs that now ("this is my first pizza in forever, yay!" - my sister), and when I had to be dairy-free for a while they had vegan cheese for that, too.  They got you covered!  My only complaint is that it often seems to take a pretty long time, but the waitstaff is nice and like I said I like the atmosphere.Ate too much. Feel terrible. Tasted great. Thick pizza. Lots of toppings. Interesting specialty pizzas. I'll go backI'm telling you. I love pizza and they do it just about right here.
See, I'm a variety gal. Eating the same thing twice just bothers me. So, it's great that they have a variety of choices and allow you to do half and half pizzas. Oh and the whole eating something twice didn't apply here. My pizza was just as good the day after as it was before. 
I don't eat the pizza crust at restaurants because I get full to quickly. So I take it home and eat it for breakfast with ranch. 
Daily offerings are a steal. I was able to share a wonderful (forgot the name) 6$ beer between two people. Lots of draft beers too. 
This place just offers to much to not like it!Eh. The service was slow with the restaurant only half filled. Spinach and artichoke dip was kind of gross, lukewarm and served with barely warmed "toast" that wasn't toasted. Our pizza wasn't cut in some places so we just kind of had to tear off pieces. The pizza itself wasn't terrible but it definitely wasn't the same caliber of pizza that I've had at other Mellow Mushroom chains. It was a bit over cooked with not much cheese to speak of. With how expensive it was, the lack of attention from our waitress and the mediocre food, I give it two stars.I stopped by this new pizza place on Oak Street on my last trip to New Orleans and was really impressed. And I hardly ever say that because honestly, usually when people take me to "really delicious" pizza places, it all tastes just about the same to me. The pizza is usually pretty good, but almost never is it so special that I would return to some place just for their pizza. I've felt that way about every pizza place I've tried in New Orleans so far, including (but not limited to) Angora, Slice, Domenica and Midway Pizza. I think the only place that has really captured my attention enough to be truly memorable - and this is a common sentiment - is Pizza Delicious, because they have those heavenly little garlic knots and pizza pocket calzone delights. 
Anyways, that said, I went to visit my friend who works on Oak Street and he wasn't quite off work yet so I popped by Mellow Mushroom to grab a couple slices because I was intrigued by the name. I like mellow; I like mushrooms. I fully intended on getting two slices but when I saw the HOLY SHIITAKE PIE, my attention was even more fully piqued. 
Garlic aioli? Check.
Olive oil and garlic base?? Check.
Caramelized onions??? Check. 
Shiitake, button AND portobello mushrooms???? Check.
Black truffle oil????? CHECK, DUDE, CHECK.
I don't really think I need to write the rest but obviously I ate an ungodly amount of that pizza and it was utterly delicious. I don't regret any of those calories, not a one. I almost got a beer but elected not to because I wanted to stuff as much pizza down my throat as humanly possible (highly recommend this strategy), looks like they have a pretty decent selection of on-trend craft beers though. I think it's really rad that they offer a pizza with garlic aioli, caramelized onions and black truffle oil. Appeals to those of us who are tired of the "combo" and the "pepperoni" and the "margherita". Once I hear the words "black truffle oil", I'm a goner.
So fear not, you uptowners, no need to drive down to the Bywater anymore to get a decent pizza fix. Just bike up to Oak Street. Also, the art is really cool and is all done by local New Orleans artists. + points.So, they didn't have barbecue chips. How was this resolved? The owner went down the street to rite aid and picked some up. Without being asked. If I wasn't a tourist, I'd be here everyday. 
On the good side, the pizza is great. As a native New Yorker, this is the best pizza I've had outside of the city. Definitely stop here if you're in New Orleans.I had low expectations, this looked like a chain to me, and I'm still not sure if it is, but the food blew me away. The portions are huge, so if you're a fatty you better get in here, this baby is multi leveled with a sweet bathroom that will keep you smiling even with the smell. The bar upstairs is fantastic and the aesthetics are amazing. We had the bruschetta and hummus all fantastic and tasty. Salads and sandwiches are yummy! Service was fast and incredibly friendly. Plus the leak from the ceiling was very homey, almost like I was on a tropical cruise and the dew was gently pitter pattering off of the trees majestic canopyI didn't know this place closed at 11 on sat. Night bc Yelp says midnight. It's either they are javkasses or Yelp doesn't have the right info. It's only 11:45 right now.Best atmosphere of any pizza place in Nola. It's the right mix of weird/artsy and perfect for Oak Street. Really hard to beat the balcony so try to get a table up there- if crowded- it's just as fun sitting inside cause they leave the doors/windows open upstairs so you feel like you're outside. I didn't find the pizza greasy- it's not a thin crust like Theo's, the crust is similar to Reginelli's, but better.  Spinach artichoke dip is to die for and super cheesy. Another thing I liked about this place, (and I'm a girl so cut me some slack), but the bathroom is super clean, and really nice- and that's not always easy to find in New Orleans!This place took over the building of my old yoga studio, so I already had some doubts trying it out. I've been to Mellow Mushroom in Florida before, but this, by no means, feels chain-y.
The decor is very interesting. There are frames on the wall, with paintings on the wall, rather than a canvas. Two floors, a bar on each and outdoor seating. It has a nice atmosphere, I liked it. 
There are tons of vegetarian options, and they marked them on the menu, so I didn't have to sift through or ask questions. We got the Holy Shiitake pizza. Aside from it dripping oil, it was delicious (needed to dab it with napkins). If you plan on ordering this, I suggest you request that they not top it off with oil... We wanted it "light" after reading another review but it was still a little much. The crust itself wasn't anything special, but it certainly wasn't bad. I liked the aioli swirled on top, presentation was nice and the flavor was a good complement. 
The wait staff is nice and helpful. I'll be back. I hear there's a weekday happy hour...My wife and I were on vacation in New Orleans and took the trolley to the end of the line. We took a break and took a walk up the street.
I thought this place looked really cool for a beer, and it was.
I ordered a beer and we sat down and rested. The food looked great, but we were just there for a beer. Cool place.Very underrated spot for good pizza and sandwiches uptown! Excellent service too, and the portion sizes (for sandwiches and other entrées) are real big. Delicious crust and lots of topping options for the pizza!I looooove Mellow Mushroom. Eating here on my birthday is becoming a tradition. I ate there for the first time last year, and again on my birthday, just a few days ago. I love the atmosphere. Open, bright, clean and kitschy. The artwork is one of my favorite aspects as well as the mason jar lighting over the bar. Upstairs they host trivia and other fun weekly events and you will have to discover it in case you need to use the bathroom. Essentially, "Nature Calling" takes you on a tour of the second floor, which includes even more AMAZING artwork. 
Appetizers, you must order the handmade pretzels. On my first visit we had to wait a while to get our order, but that's because 1. They're handmade, and 2. they ran out, 3. So we had to wait for them to bake!
If you're debating between garlic and parmesan or butter and salt EITHER choice is divine. Don't even think about not ordering the Turbodog Beer Cheese Dipping Sauce because I could drink that sauce. Delicious.
I always order pizza when I come, I can't help it. No salad or Calzone for me, give me a 10" personal pizza and a specialty cocktail and I'll be a happy camper. I ordered the Holy Shitaake! this time, but I "threw bacon" at a normally vegetarian pizza.
Service is always 150%, Food is always The Cat's Pajamas, and Atmosphere/Ambience is one of the coolest places on Oak. Oh no, the secret's out!The food here was good and you get a large portion for what you order so come hungry or get ready to take a box home.  The service was slow and not very attentive at all.  I had one glass of tea and she never came back to refill it.  I have eaten at other locations in other cities and this place needs better trained staff.The Portobello Mushroom pizza with truffle sauce is amazing and decadent. They have a great top floor with balcony seating.The dough for the pizza and cal zones is delicious and flavorful. The bruschetta and Capri salad are delicious and fresh. A great atmosphere for a night out with friends or family or enjoy the upstairs patio on a beautiful New Orleans afternoon. The lunch deals are great and the Italian hoagie is definitely a favorite.  The service is young, lively, and friendly. Ask for Richard and you won't be disappointed!I love Mellow Mushroom, their crust is so good! I used to eat it regularly when I lived in DC and was happy to have it as a late night dinner in New Orleans!One if the worst dining experiences in the last decade.  We had tried the one in Asheville, NC -awesome.  One of the originals in ATL also great.  For some reason we decided Mother's Day was the time to try the one at home.  Maybe because all of our picnic and brunch plans were rained out. They gave the moms a free mimosa- nice.  The first pizza came "out from the oven" -COLD.  The calzone- burnt- like black all over and they still plated it.  I ate my salad, best choice ever, despite the wilting cucumbers - how can cukes wilt? Now 7 hours later I'm spending way too much time close to the little room off the master bedroom wishing I sent that salad back too.  Nothing fresh, nothing good- except the service. Terrible.Food was so good.  Spinach salad, calzone and pizza can not go wrong.  Found using Yelp and no complaints.  Block and half off St. Charles streetcar.  Will be back on next trip to nola.My previous Mellow Mushroom review was for the Metairie location. This one is based on two visits to the Oak St. location. 
Both visits had their good points. On visit #1, I had the Holy Shiitake pizza, which is always a favorite. The service was excellent and they were so nice about providing plates to enjoy a birthday cake that we brought.
On visit #2, we were seated upstairs in a really cool room with artwork of Ouija boards, Tarot Cards, and a Wheel of Fortune. There was only one waitress serving our large party plus another large party. It was a tough job and we had to make second requests for a few things, but she was a very hard worker and we all got what we needed in the end. 
I tried the potato pizza, which is a neat idea but the potatoes were kind of bland. Would be interesting if they used potatoes boiled in crab boil.
I also tried some of a friend's Mighty Meaty pizza, which was so good, I had to take home a leftover piece and eat it for lunch the next day. Definitely will order that kind next time.
I am not really a big fan of their dough-y crusts. Would prefer to have the option for a thin crust. I didn't see it on the menu and I always forget to ask.
In my opinion, even though it is a chain, Mellow Mushroom is one of the top contenders in the local pizza scene.The good. We had the pizza. Delicious crust. Crisp and great taste. The toppings were also delicious. We shared the veggie and the house special. Both terrific. However the service was very slow. Possibly a mix up, as at least two pairs who came in after us received their food before us. It was worth the wait. Just.The food here is bomb! My husband is vegan so we have to pick places with vegan options and this place has them! I had the calzone and it was delicious. Big enough for 2. My husband had vegan veggie and he also only ate half. They are not shy in the toppings. Everything was fresh and very good. We plan to return while we are in town.I have been here three times and eaten here twice. The third time the service was so poor  I actually got up and left before ordering. The cocktails are good but overpriced. The pizza is mediocre and the service 2 out of 3 times was bad. I usually love Mellow Mushroom, but not this location. The one in Metairie has better atmosphere and better drink specials. For quality price and service with drink specials I prefer to go to SLICE on Magazine ST next to Whole Foods. I do not plan to eat here again.We had am amazing time. They had a great beer selection and their pizza was phenominal! It's definitely one of my favorite spots in New Orleans.I was actually going to Oak street to try the new DTB but their kitchen was closed at 8:30???! So we went to Mellow Mushroom instead. I got the great white pizza and I was surprised with how much I enjoyed it!! I also enjoyed a seasonal bourbon cocktail that was delicious. Our server was so quick and super friendly as well. I'll be back for sure.Very good food with interesting variations on "standard" fare.  Great atmosphere and service.  They make a delicious Bloody Mary too!  We love this place!My girlfriend just ordered a pizza from Mellow off of the Waitr App. Pure disappointment. Ever since they got rid of the last manager Laura, the place has steadily gone downhill. They simply can't get an order right. We ordered a large pesto base pizza with green peppers, banana peppers, pepperoni, seasoned ricotta cheese, and a side of garlic butter sauce. 
The pizza was delivered without any pepperoni, nor the side of garlic butter. No packets of parmesan or red pepper at all either. The green and banana peppers they put on the pizza were huge chunks. Way too thick to be enjoyable. This is the third order they have messed up within a few month period. We're done with Mellow until they make changes.
Now I have to live with my upset girlfriend, because I was the one who suggested Mellow. Not to mention it was $27.53 for the pizza before the cost of Waitr.Good food, and great atmosphere / decor. Severs were helpfuL and friendly. I was a little irked though that my $7 grand Marnier was subject to an additional $3 rocks fee. Why does ice cost $3? Real shame because other wise it would have been a four star experience.This is a review of take out.
Having tried the Mellow Mushroom in Metairie before, I knew what type of pizza to expect from this location. We were in the area and decided that we wanted to get some pizza "to go" during a working week day. We ordered online and our pizza was ready nice and fast in the time that they said it would be.
We ordered a medium "mighty meaty" pizza which was perfectly topped with mozzarella, pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, ham and applewood smoked bacon. This pie was piled so high with toppings that I was full after just once slice. Service was fast and friendly and ordering online and picking it up was a breeze. I would get take out here again.Cool wait staff, good food and a chill atmosphere. I got the trio meatball appetizer and it was good (though a little cold).Corporate atmosphere, corporate generic food with typical creative selling points that just don't hold up. For instance, beer cheese...just Meh. 
And, 
Way way over priced. Would probably be better as a group outing. But I paid $37 for a 10" pep and 12" gluten free special pizza. Pep was good. Gluten free crust was sad  and flat and burnt and plain nasty. They should lose it all together. Especially for the outrageous charge! 
Find a nice mom and pop pizza place that doesn't try so hard and you'll be much more satisfied :)I have to give this place five stars on the service alone.
I went there with a few friends this past weekend for a quick lunch bite and was very pleased with the meal. While I feel their pizza is quite tasty, it doesn't quite knock my socks off like other pizza places in NOLA do. That being said, the place is exceptionally clean and I applaud whoever did the decorating.
Our server was one of the best I've experienced in quite some time. He was attentive and appeared to genuinely like his job. When we left we had forgotten a pair of sunglasses on the table and he actually chased our truck down the street to return them to us. 
I would definitely recommend this place to others, and when in the neighborhood, will go there again.Cute little restaurant! Great pizza! We had wings, a lil Cesar salad and a small Maui Waui pizza. Great service, great prices and great atmosphere! Would definitely come back. They also have free wifi.I love Nellie mushroom, the one here and the one in Metairie. It is one of the few chains that actually have vegan foods like tofu, tempeh, and daiya cheese that you can find in the city. I love getting the tempeh hoagie without cheese or mayo and you can get it at a really good price. Their vegan pizzas and gluten free crust is great, I love them with tempeh and a little daiya and some bell pepper and such, but it's hella expensive so I'll stick with the hoagies haha xD staff is usually pretty nice too :) thanks Atlanta for giving us this place!Long review ahead. I'll just say this first, I'd rather be locked in a tiny closet with daggers in my eyes, sitting on a pile of horse poo and with Nickelback blaring over load speakers than to go back to this Mellow Mushroom. Worst service I've ever had. Our waitress was new but I feel like she might have been new to planet earth. We ordered beer and an appetizer. And waited and waited and waited. Our appetizer was ready first (bc the kitchen is awesome as always) but no drink in sight. When she gave us the appetizer, she said she would come back with our drinks, but that was the last we saw of her. She was still serving other people, but never came back to our table. We had to get someone else's attention to help us. There was one guy that was busting his ass to help, but other than that, I feel like no one had ANY clue what they were doing. On more than one occasion, people from other tables were going to grab the things they needed bc no one was there to assist them. Ok that's about it. Food is ok, service is the WORST.What a funky little place! I'm a New Yorker and although this isn't New York pizza, it was pretty good! The crust was golden crispy and buttery. We got two specialty pies and they were loaded with meat. I'm curious about what the plain cheese pizza is like. We also got cheese bread which was just eh and I thought the dipping sauce was too sweet and bland. I would definitely come try more pizza here.This was my first time here and I will definitely come back to this place.  My server, Hayley, was awesome and very friendly.  The food was good too.  I got the Greek salad and veg out pizza.  The food came out really quick.  Just an overall pleasant experience.  Thank u!!!!Overall great place to stop in for a tasty, casual meal. Good food & service, with a few hiccups along the way to get our food - but they handled the hiccups well which is great customer service. 
Atmosphere - tables, booths, bar in a casual setting with two TVs that were set to Fox evening shows. 
Drinks - they have a full bar and large variety of on tap beers as well as fountain drinks
Food - we tried the burger (surprisingly good), and build your own pizza (tasty). Menu seems vegetarian, GF, seafood, and meat lover friendly. Wide selection of food without feeling like the menu is crazy - just a good amount of variety in each section, especially the build your own stuff. 
Service - there were three people on the floor; bar tender, woman that was seating people and bussing tables, and waiter. The poor waiter could not keep up with all the tables though he was really hustling and trying. Every time he got a table out the door another 1-2 tables would come in, but he did great. The other two women where pitching in to help him, so everyone was taken care of. 
The hiccup previously mentioned. Sometimes, the kitchen gets things wrong or the order is entered incorrectly. It's not the error that's an issue (people make mistakes); it's how the error is handled. Ross and the kitchen did an amazing job fixing a hiccup. We had a good wait for the pizza, which is normal for a pizza joint - but when we got our order, the burger was correct while the pizza was incorrect (base wrong & a few toppings swapped). They put that pizza in the warmer so we could take it home while they remade our original order. Yes, that took longer but made me happy because I couldn't eat the wrong one. The correct pizza was tasty; you could tell they didn't rush; it looked just as good as the first. They were courteous, apologized, and gave us a free app coupon to encourage us to visit again. I will definitely be back. I felt taken care of, which is what dinning in is all about. Great customer service!This place is great! They have specials every night during the week.  The crust is thick and like eating a delicious breadsticks.The food was good but the service was INCREDIBLY slow. We waited an hour for our food and another half hour for our checks. We spent over two hours in the restaurant while everybody around us was getting in and out of the restaurant without issue. Maybe it's because we were sitting upstairs but it was a bit ridiculous!Last weekend my kids and I ate here and absolutely enjoyed it! Our waiter (forgot his name) was really patient which, is important for me with kids. We ordered a three topping pizza and wings (jerk). I would recommend this to my family and friends.Came here on the fly to get out of the cold and the food was delicious and the service by Will Smith was awesome!! Shared the loaded potato pizza while others had the veggie calzone and the great white pizza. A small pizza is plenty for 2 people.Every time we go it's been an awesome experience! I used to live in Ocean Springs and this location is wayyy better! Love the staff, love the pizzas and trivia nights and comedy nights are worth finding a parking spot! We go at least every other week ;)Definitely not my favorite location of this chain. If you know me, that says a lot. I love myself some Mellow Mushroom however this location always leaves me with a subpar experience. Even while inside this location I don't feel like I'm in a real Mellow (well when seated in the downstairs area). I wouldn't have even known there was an upstairs if it weren't for the restrooms. Unfortunately I haven't ever been here when there were enough people so that we could dine up there. 
In this city I prefer the Metairie location.I love pizza. Like really really love it. This place is tasty. I ordered the red skin potatoe pie, and it does not disappoint! There are whole strips of tasty and wonderful bacon on it, as opposed to bacon bits you find everywhere else. Now for the reason it's only 4 stars. The garlic bread doesn't even come close to sticking out as being excellent. It's your run of the mill garlic bread, about as good as you can make yourself without much work. All that said, I will be back to try many more of their pies. Did I mention I love pizza?The Holy SHITAKE PIZZA...Yummm!!!  This place is nice, cool & kooky. We also tried the red potato skin pizza but the holy shitake took first place today! I love the not-your-average-pizzas here and will be back to try every single one. Bonus: Lots of TVs for the man in your life. Some booths even have their own tv.Mellow mushroom is located on Oak St., which means there's only street parking and it's going to be a pain to find a spot. 
The restaurant is nice. It has two floors and I always go to the second floor because trivia is held there on Wednesdays. I love trivia here. There questions aren't too difficult or too easy. I like Jorge, one of the host, a lot! Very funny guy!
The waiter staff goes above and beyond! I had to leave a larger tip than usual because my waiter deserved it!!
Ummmmm..... THERE WAS A ROACH CRAWLING ON THE WALL THE LAST TIME I WAS HERE! I know this is New Orleans and the city is INFESTED, but no way! SmhFood was delicious had the House Special and Maui Waui, and Jamaican Mojito and a Shroom Tea. Usually the bartender just gives the drinks I ask for but the bartender Bradly was on point. He asked me what I usually drink and offered something that I might like which was Angry Orchards Hard Cider which was absolutely tasty so tasty that my girl drank it. The service from Bradly was on point and I recommend this joint to anyone needing great pizza. They also had clean, and cool restrooms.The food and atmosphere is always great, but the service was horrible. Our drink order was taken promptly along with an appetizer, but we continued to wait 30 more minutes just to order, as our waiter (the bartender) just stood around behind the bar, not even making drinks. The food also has taken 30 minutes and we're still waiting. We've been here for an hour and gotten nothing but water and an appetizer. Not ok.Maybe coming on a Friday night at 6:30 wasn't the best plan. It took 15 minutes before a server even told us she would be right with us and another 5 for the bartender to actually wait on us...for drinks that is. He ended up being our server for the night which was fine with us because he was actually pretty decent.  My daughter's meal came out after another 20 minutes and she was done with it by the time our pizza arrived. This was nothing to have waited this long for, believe me!  The sausage had no flavor and the center of the dough was wilty and under cooked. I talked to the manager after the meal and we're given a $5 off coupon for the next time...but I highly doubt there will be a next time.