This place came highly recommended from some family that has been here many times. Service was fast and friendly even though they were extremely busy. Food was very tasty with mostly basic fare for breakfast.  The Cajun tasso omelet was fantastic. Not too spicy but just enough. Hash browns were fluffy and delicious. Other food at the table was French toast and eggs over medium. Everybody left satisfied and full. Will def come back for more next visit.Great place for lunch in NOLA. Love their fried chicken, and the red beans and rice is yummy too. It's a staple on our trips to town. Staff is friendly and attentitve and prices are great.I ate like a Queen!  A breakfeast Queen- and I was treated like one too...Eggs were so fresh and home fries too, they must have a farm behind the kitchen.  Great CoffeeeeThe place for breakfast while in New Orleans.  Food is fantastic and served hot.
Staff friendly.
More locals frequent than tourists.For some reason this place makes me feel like I am on the set of the Wonder Years every time I eat there. The décor is busy and outdated and the food is damn good! It is a quick soulful lunch that you can finish for under $10 and in less than an hour. Always a good range of characters from businessmen, quarter workers, and tourist who aren't corny and want a decent cheap meal. You won't be ripped off here and the food will stick to your ribs and soak up your current or ever-looming hangover.Hard to mess up eggs...food was good. Service was very friendly. Reasonably priced.
Could be a little cleaner. It took the term hole in the wall a little too literally.Had breakfast here. The food was really tasty. We had the omelette and a side of grits. The only problem was that when we went to the restroom we saw into the kitchen. It looked absolutely filthy. As for the restroom itself- it was also disgusting. Had I have seen this before I had eaten, I may not have. It's now 24 hrs later and we didn't get sick, but they really need to clean up a bit back there.We came in due to a locals recommendation and were a little nervous about trying it because it was dead, there was no one inside!  The food was hot and tasty and definitely inexpensive.   The server was Irish and extremely helpful and attentive.  I had the Cajun tasso which is a smoked meat.  We also had the andouille and smoked sausage which were very good.  Pancakes were nice and fluffy, which I love.Great food and relaxed atmosphere! I can tell this is a locals favorite & boy was I glad we went! We ordered the Muffalato sandwich, chicken gyro, & tuna salad with potato salad. All were delicious!!I ate here 2 years ago for breakfast based off the suggestion from a local. I ordered a Bloody Mary and omelette. The omelette was stuffed full of hair. I'm talking pube sandwich. I'm only writing this review now because I have a friend visiting soon and I had to search this place out to ensure he didn't go! Worst food experience (nightmare) I've ever had.After alot of drinking and your body is in need of food , this place is a must , had the baked chicken with dirty rice and cold beet salad , comfort food,your body will feel better.....This was the worst stop of my entire trip. No room to sit, and please don't use the bathroom. Its a 2x2 sweat box from the kitchen and you couldn't move sideways in there if you wanted to. They false advertise for half of their menu. Example:
"Ham and cheese omelet with your choice of toast, bagel or grits, 2.99"
Wow "Ill take it you reply." You get your bill 10.00. Scratching your head you ask "how that could be?" The answer, the cheese cost a 1.00 the bread 3.00 and so on. Shoot I'm surprised they didn't charge for the egg too. To top it off the food tasted like s#$% ran over twice. I could cook a better breakfast if I was drunk on bourbon st. Honestly, service was crap, it took two hours for a Dennys breakfast and it was off a street I couldnt even find. LAMEWe love getting breakfast here at Mena's Palace when we stay in NOLA. The size of breakfast plate is perfect. Then just skip lunch. When I ordered my cranberry juice I wasn't ready for the small can, but my grits with cheese tasted awesome. Until the next breakfast.Good food fast.  A bit pricey, but it is the Quarter.  Friendly staff, kinda off the beaten path.When visiting New Orleans stop by Mena's Palace for some great food, delicious coffee. The prices are reasonable & the waitress are very friendly.Somehow this place was listed as one of the best places to get breakfast in the French Quarter. Whoever wrote that must have been on crack, this place is awful.
The service was ridiculously slow even though the restaurant appeared to have more than adequate staffing. The food was awful too, they couldn't even cook my eggs properly. The grits sucked and the sausage patties were about the size of a half dollar and you only get 2. They also were very obviously frozen, probably what you get at grocery store except when I make them they're not as dry as can be. My friends had equally awful food, including the very very bad pancakes one barely ate because of it.
Please do not go here, I can assure there are many other great breakfast spots around, keep on walking.I was really happy with this place. After going to Camelia's for breakfast the morning previous and getting rude service, this place was a haven. We had a nice server. The food was brought out fast and my coffee was refilled with a smile. 
The food was decent. I had no complaints about it. I had an omelet with hash browns, kind of hard to screw that up.A great local diner for those on the go. They take regular breakfast items and add a small bit of local flavor to it. While it won't be a memorable dining experience when I look back on my trip, it definitely got the job done.This is a very quaint establishment and is located in the French Quarter. We arrived in NOLA around 530am. 
Some people went off in search for IHOP!  Really!?  Not me!!
 I went to a real establishment. It was a quick and easy walk here. We met the cook who was waiting on the proprietor to open up. We therefore took advantage of this opportunity and sought out his advice on several menu items. He told us about the favorites that the locals ordered. Better yet, he gave us descriptions of their ingredients and directed us towards the local flavors.
The place opens at 7am but the owner (Mena) let us in at 0630a. We were offered coffee while the kitchen was getting started up. Mena was telling us that she has been here since 1973 when her father bought the place. This city has a lot of history to it. The buildings are brick and look pretty stout. With all the news that was blasted all over the U.S. about hurricane Katrina, it was suprising to hear that Katrina did not damage this building. Mena told us that this building is situated above sealevel. This is what saved it. Many other parts of NOLA are not.
I can eat breakfast anytime of the day or night. There are many choices on the menu to choose from. With excellent guidance from the person who will prepare the meal. I decided to order the Cajun Tasso Omlette with hash browns and toast ($10). This was a very good choice.
The grits are very good here. Knowing that my wife would pilfer my hashbrowns, I felt absolutely no guilt whatsoever procuring her grits. Understandably, she made known her disdain for my actions by eating more of my hash browns. We had a great time.
This is a good place. My wife and I were the only tourists in there, the rest were locals.  I guess having our luggage piled up nearby was a clear givaway. This is a real find. Food was great and the service was very good.
75/100excellent breakfast -and great attentive service. eggs and hash browns, nice atmosphere.We stumbled in here randomly to grab lunch and were blown away with the food. Everything we got was excellent - from the first bite to the last it was great!I had the crabcakes and everything about the whole experience felt like I was in a hobo nursing home with bland food & terrible decor. Flavorless, great for grandparents with dead taste buds. I regret spending my lunch here... at least service was fast and my waitress super attentive.Move along. This place is a very greasy spoon. The toast wasn't toasted. The poached eggs were over cooked. The sausage was truly inedible. Don't waste a meal in Nola on this place.Small restaurant with big flavors. This was our last morning in New Orleans and Mena's didn't disappoint.Well, in my first review I said we would return. And we did. It is still a dive, and the place is still packed. I am ugrading my rating because our breakfast was outstanding. Modest, but outstanding. My eggs tasted fresh. The hash browns were excellent, not the typical fried but more like baked. And the place is cheap. A real steal. I am not sure that it is a "palace," but if you want good food for a great price, it would be hard to do better than this place.Great breakfast and the friendliness of the staff was spectacular. Thanks !  it. We always make this quaint location one of our many stops when we visit The French  Quarter!Great place for a good, hearty meal. Visited Mena's while on vacation in new Orleans and was one of the best places we found to eat. Highly recommended is you want good food at a good price with great service.Plain food at a good price.  This place was suggested by the concierge at our hotel.  I have to say, sometimes the people at the front desk are wrong.  We asked for a place to get good grits.  They sent us here, saying locals who work in the area eat here.
That is probably true, because it is affordable and fast, and the employees are very nice.  However, food was just meh.  My "omelet" was actually scrambled eggs with some sausage in it, not much of an omelet.  I saw something go past that looked like Salisbury steak that reminded me of the food in my high school cafeteria.  
Good if you're in a hurry and need an inexpensive meal, but not really representative of the level of food available in New Orleans.Excellent spot for your basic breakfast done well.  Same goes for lunch-- casual and tasty.  Great cheerful service, nice people, and everyone from construction workers to tourists to office dressed locals.  It didn't seem pricey, especially compared to a hotel breakfast.  You want fancy and a million choices? Go somewhere else.Simple breakfast food that is simply delicious. Great little diner. Service was quick. Nice place to stop in and catch a quick meal.The only thing worse than my food was seeing the massive cockroaches running across the back wall by the kitchen door ... i wouldnt recommend this place to ANYONE!It's a small place that fills up fast but the omelets are so worth it. The hash browns aren't what I'm used to in Texas, but they are delicious! 
Overall, worth the wait when it's busy and the food is amazing.Great breakfast that sticks your bones and helps hangover recovery! Eggs, meat and potatoes cooked perfectly! Staff warm and inviting, definitely small town feel in the middle of French QuarterFrench Quarter dive, easily accessible from the CBD.
Don't expect haute cuisine.  Some of their dishes are great, I personally love their muffaletta (though a true muffaleta, it is not).
Their ingredients tend to be on the cheap side.  It is relatively inexpensive overall.We were seated immediately, the prices are somewhat reasonable. Great atmosphere, good service, the veal parm was very good, the roast beef was delightful, the fries were ok, and the gumbo was disappointing. The grilled cheese wasn't that great and it was $6 (doesn't come with a side). Other than that, I was satisfied. I would come back if I had to. Also, in a city that hates to split checks and use multiple cards, they were very accommodating for our party by splitting our check.This is a quintessential Quarter diner for me. It's a must visit for breakfast every time we visit New Orleans. I've had the most perfectly poached eggs every time.  Nothing fancy, just classic diner breakfast fare done right.This is one of those places I really hate reviewing because I'm going to have to give it an excellent review and more people will come and more people will love and it'll get more crowded... vicious circle :)
Seriously. The breakfast here was very good, prices very good and right in the French Quarter. 
I had the breakfast sandwich with eggs, cheese and bacon on french bread. OK, this was a splittable sandwich, really.  I coaxed my partner into eating some of it but his breakfast was even larger.  He had two eggs, 4 peices of toast, a large hunk of sausage and hash browns.  Everything is made to order and with nothing was prepared food from Sysco!
We left FULL and saved $$ that day because lunch was out and dinner was light, so when you get some food and you pay a good price and you eat everything because it tastes good and end up full then that is value!
We will definitely come back and try lunch too.I ordered a turkey sandwich and baked macaroni and cheese. The turkey was shredded and DRY. The macaroni and cheese was awful. It was powder tasting with a glob of Velveeta trying to cover up the awful flavor.  I will not order from them again.Old school diner with N'Orleans flair. Waitresses that you sweetheart and eggs done the way you like the. Ain't no frilly fancy stuff here. Solid breakfast. Coming back for a PO boy. The make their own olive spread for the MuffalettaGreat place for a quick lunch.  The sandwiches were great.  I got the dressed sausage po boy.  Bread had a good crispy crust that was fresh and tasty with a soft moist crumb.  The sausage was well cooked and flavorful.  Pickles were tangy and crunchy.
Did not much care for the french fries, standard potato fries not as crispy as like.
I would keep this on my short of list of lunch places, however due to small size I would probably tend to do take out more often.had eaten breakfast at Mena's before and it was wonderful-great food , great prices and great service.  back this  time for lunch and it was even better.   My wife had the thursday special of veal cutlet, lima beans w/ rice and beet salad-based on my extensive sampling , her meal was very good.  I had the hot roast beef po boy fully dressed and came away raving. 
its a small place but full of locals.  close to the canal st area and the quarter.We stumbled upon this place and were able to get in with only a five minute wait.  Wonderful choice for breakfast, great food and the best waitress my husband have had in years!!!
Megan was very busy, it being a Saturday morning, but she was efficient, didn't appear to be in a hurry nor frazzled and gave us great service!  She kept our drinks filled, was prompt and did it all with a genuine smile and cheery attitude.On our Vacation from Miami, we found this cute spot and we ate here everyday.  The staff is SO WARM AND FRIENDLY.  Breakfast is awesome and I was addicted to their scrumptious NOLA tasting coffee.  Do yourselves a favor and step inside for some great cooking.  Downside they only open until 3pm.Lively diner in the heart of the french quarter. Lots of locals inside. That aspect of it was fun.
But I'm not sure why this place gets good reviews. None of the people in my group liked the food. We came here for breakfast. My pancakes were average and came with fake syrup and margarine instead of butter, both in little packages. One of us ordered eggs over medium and they were not over medium. The little round sausage patties were dry and overcooked. The coffee was awful too but I pretty much expect that from a diner. 
There are too many great places to eat breakfast in the quarter to waste time on this place. Maybe they have good lunch or dinner but I wouldn't return here for breakfast.Came here for breakfast after a night out. I had the double egg sandwich with bacon plus a side of grits. The other ladies had the veggie omelet, and western omelet. It didn't take long for the food to arrive. I enjoyed my sandwich and my side of grits were truly a side of grits. 
The western omelet was good. The mix is already made so don't ask for it with no tomatoes. Just pick them out. Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. She made sure our glasses stayed full and we didn't want for anything. This place may be small, but the love is here. It seems like everybody knows everyone and they just break out in conversation. Very popular and people were flooding in and out. I would love to return to this place and recieve the same awesome service I got before.Food no better then I HOP. In fact the home fries were bake potato chunk reheat almost.  Service was quick and ok. Save some money and go to McDonald'sHad a late breakfast here on my last day in Mew Orleans and was completely satisfied. Service was friendly, my food didnt take long and was really good. I had a westerm omelet with grits and both were delicious. Will def return on future visits to the city.You'll know when you arrive that this is a local place.  No tourists and that's good because many local places have been dumbing down their food to please the tourists.  Not so at Mena's. It's good food.  Simply prepared with love.  And you can have a cocktail with your eggs.  That's certainly different.  Cheers.What an absolutely delicious breakfast! 
We stopped at Mena's for a quick breakfast and I found myself not wanting to leave. I ordered the Andouille omelette with the hashbrowns.
Their hashbrowns  are so crispy and hardy. So good. We will definitely be coming back here on our next visit. 
The staff was attentive and kind. 
Loved It!Excellent breakfast. The coffee was hot and very flavorful. Helped warm us up during the cold weather. We walked right in were attended right away. The portion size is huge so I would recommend sharing if you can. My coffee never got to less than half a cup before it was refilled again. I had scrambled eggs, grits with cheese and a pancake. My boyfriend had the French toast. We have no complaints at all.Every thing is out of the box or bag. Unfriendly service. Food tastes exactly like McDonalds , but you pay a lot more.Great if you are looking for a good traditional diner breakfast.The portions are huge, food is tasty and prices are reasonable . We ordered red beans and rice with sausage, chilli cheese fries and meatball poboyThis restaurant was by far the best experience I had while visiting New Orleans. My friends and I were having the worst experiences with food establishments from the first day we got to New Orleans. Tired and worn down we almost just went to McDonalds for Breakfast. I'm so glad we didn't. Joyful and professional the waitstaff was amazing, specifically our waitress Robin. Our food was delicious and brought to us in a timely manner. While also being kept updated on the status on what else we had ordered. We will be returning before we leave because a great experience is priceless. Thank you for reinvigorating our food experience in Nola Robin! 11/10This was my first meal upon arrival in the French Quarter of New Orleans. It is in a great location with great décor. Fairly busy on an early-in-the-week weekday for a late breakfast or early lunch. I had a nice friendly waitress who brought me as much water as I could drink whenever I wanted it and a nice friendly smile indicative of the crescent city's southern hospitality. I wanted to order one of the iconic Louisiana Kitchen type meals so my first choice was the Gumbo but I was urged to try the Red Beans with Rice and Andouille Sausage. It was delicious sausage flavored with mysterious spices that I will probably learn more about as I explore more Cajun Cooking.. Eat here. It is affordable with great food for the money.Being from New Orleans, was surprised that I was going into a place, found on Yelp, that I had passed a million times! I got the Vegetable Omelette with grits, and it was all pretty good. I think it's the vibe of the place that is so amazing. And maybe the dinner menu, too. The Bloody Mary was great, but it had no veggies which is my favorite part! Overall,  4 stars and most of that is for service!It was the last day of the year. That plus the sugar bowl game crowd had NOLA fully booked. Had planned to go to Jimmy J's for breakfast but the line was looking like 45 minutes and it was cold outside. Next door, Daisy Duke's had a shorter line, but reviews were not as good and simply looked like a tourist trap. A bit seedy too. Not the type of place I want when traveling with kids.  
This other breakfast joint had a much nicer ambiance than either of the other two places and only one more party waiting for a table. 
Service was good and very attentive with the kids. The food was freshly made and honest. Nothing too fancy but very satisfying. A good alternative that any local would surely recommend over the other two places.Wandered in here by chance when all the other yelp places I wanted for breakfast were either closed on Saturday(in the business district), or too expensive.  Was passing by, it was packed, prices were decent for a full breakfast so I went in.  The last table available table was going to a woman waiting.  She told me she was dining solo so she was okay with sharing the table.  I accepted her gracious offer because the entire restaurant was packed and my stomach couldn't take it any longer.  I ordered the two eggs any style with hash browns, bacon and toast with some orange juice.  The wait for the food wasn't  too long considering how packed they were.  My eggs were fried hard like I asked, but not burnt, bacon was Delish and the hash browns were so tasty.   Hot sauce and other relevant condiments on the table.   Waitress was quick and efficient.  Solid place to have breakfast for less than $15.00.  The omelettes looked good but I thought it would be too much food for me.  I ate at 10am and I'm still full at 4:48pm.  Thanks Mena's Palace.This place reminds me of a small and quaint coffee shop. It has a a feel of family. The food is great. I had breakfast here both days in Nola. Wait time isn't ridiculous and the food comes FAST. Like seriously fast. 
Bloody Mary drinks with Titos vodka are super. 
Spicy sausage...one word, SAVORY. If you like spicy foods please order it! 
I was able to taste the catfish and grits. Fish was really good. I had a veggie omelet the first day...yum. Second day I went simple with the two eggs, cheese grits and toast but added spicy sausage. 
Do yourself a favor and visit this place. Plus they have a full bar! Start your day in Nola here...Awesome food.  Mainly locals which tells you how good it is.  Red beans and rice were out of this world.  Eat here!Came here because the line at Jimmy J's was too long. What we found was simple and delicious food. Their fried chicken is good. The dollar white meat up charge is worth it. The hot sausage po boy is tasty as well. Jade was very sweet and honest about menu questions. We found the southern hospitality we were looking for here at Mena's.Food was fair. Damn sure not worth the wait !!
The people next to us who ordered after us left before their food was served. 
Our party of 4, well, everyone's food came out at different times. 
Waitress had an attitude. 
Overall experience; SUCKED !!Awesome cure for the inevitable hangover.  Best sausage EVER.  Old school diner feel all the way.Hidden gem. Breakfast is really good. Grits are smooth. Mixed vegetables were really good. Fries are home made and good. Food is seasoned well. Visited by locals. No wait.Love this place. The  staff is down home friendly and the food is your mama's home cooking! The rice and gravy, bloody mary's, and bacon are some of my fav's!This is my first time in New Orleans. We originally were going to go to Jimmy J's for breakfast but the line was superlong so we kept going down the street and found Mena's Palace. The staff was so friendly and hospitable. They have great grits and nice omelette choices. I would highly recommend.Had lunch at Mena's Palace 2/26/14, day of the Nyx parade. Had one of the specials : Salisbury steak with a *mountain* of mashed potatoes & gravy, small side salad with bleu cheese dressing, and 2 cups of coffee. If I wore a belt, I'd have to loosen it a notch. I could taste garlic in the steak, and didn't have to use salt at all. Yay for well seasoned food!  Small place, was packed when I got there. I'd go back, hear their fried chicken is good.Great service. I had the number 1, eggs poached,  bacon, hashbrown on wheat. The eggs seemed old and lacked flavour. The hashbrown was just regular potato that was a little too mushy for my liking. Standard American coffee but was nice. Was fine for what I paid. I think a omelette would have been a better option.Best lunch deal around, and the food was fantastic. If you're looking for something off-the-beaten path in the French Quarter, this is the place I'd recommend.
A couple of notes -- I don't know if it was just when we were there, but Mena's was only opened for lunch and breakfast. Also, the restaurant is kind of small, so there can be a bit of a wait, usually in the doorway, for a table.Wonderful cafe in an old world charm building.  Great breakfast stop and home fried chicken is a lunch you need to try!We came here for breakfast bc we did not want to pay for overpriced hotel breakfast food.
The place was small and relatively charming - most of the places in the French Quarter have that quality, but it felt a little bit dingy (like the FQ as well)  
We ordered Greek omelettes (one with feta and one without)... they got both without.  They redid my order, but it too awhile and ..well, i really wanted my food ASAP.
The coffee creamer (half and half) was already on the table with 1/2 veg oil butter and some jams.  I needed non-dairy alternative that was also gluten-free... no luck.
my friend wanted alternative sweeteners, but they didn't seem to have much.
The orders for toast went to the wrong people.. and everything was just kind of like.. a carefree environment more than.. business.  I get Southern hospitality and some more of a laid-back experience, but this might have been too much so.
The potatoes were good, the eggs were good... just needed more service.Breakfast here is great. Good omelets, pancakes, grits. And the service is excellent. Very good coffee. Has all the basics and can order meals or a la carte. Also has a full bar.Very friendly staff. Pretty good food. Sloooooooowwwww kitchen. But it is NOLA after all, so you should take things at a more leisurely pace anyway. To make up for that, enjoy a Bloody Mary or two. They were amazing. House made and with a kick. Seriously. Really good. They're bringing this from 3 stars to 4.This restaurant was by far the best experience I had while visiting New Orleans. My friends and I were having the worst experiences with food establishments from the first day we got to New Orleans. Tired and worn down we almost just went to McDonalds for Breakfast. I'm so glad we didn't. Joyful and professional the waitstaff was amazing, specifically our waitress Robin. Our food was delicious and brought to us in a timely manner. While also being kept updated on the status on what else we had orderedWe will be returning before we leave because a great experience is priceless. Thank you for reinvigorating our food experience in Nola Robin!I wouldn't really call Mena's a palace, per se, but I'm kind of guessing that if it came right down to it and they found themselves cross-examined, they probably wouldn't term it that either. What this place is, definitively, is a local diner, teeming with regulars, and good cheer and some storytelling mixed in for good measure. 
Maybe in that order and just perhaps, maybe not. 
Either way you shake it, I ended up here when another lunch timed out due to a characteristic New Orleans squall, and I soon found myself face first into a plate of fried chicken. They do specials by the bucket load here, and it's pretty likely that you'll encounter a room full of locals. I sat next to a six top that included one gentleman so advanced in years that you could have watched him sit via time lapse photography. This, of course, didn't deter the cheery hostess who knew him by name. That table showed one another lots of photos, told all sorts of stories, and I soaked up what I could. 
Prices a pretty cheap and you're a salt shaker away from the Monteleone, so if you have business there like I did, doesn't take long to get back. In a pinch, a hearty bite I needed.Good catfish, delicious Cajun tasso omelet and tasty muffaletta. Only open for breakfast and lunch, limited seats.I just had the best meal I've had in two months from Mena's! The Chicken Reganato is a Tuesday special... Too bad they don't have it all the time! The Greek style chicken was falling off the bone tender & the roasted potatoes were delicious! It has a real Mediterranean flavor, lemony, with hints of oregano... I'll be back for this dish! Mena's doesn't have a big name down here like some other big restaurants, so I'm glad I discovered this hidden gem!Old school diner with N'Orleans flair. Waitresses that you sweetheart and eggs done the way you like the. Ain't no frilly fancy stuff here. Solid breakfast. Coming back for a PO boy. The make their own olive spread for the MuffalettaQuality & Southern hospitality. They're conveniently located 4 blocks from Ritz & Marriott off Iberville. We got there early before they were even open at 6:30 & the friendly host was kind enough to let us in early so we can have coffee instead of standing out in the cold.  There were 9 of us & everyone loved their food. I noticed everything was made from scratch & you can definitely taste the quality. I will definitely go back next time.Full breakfast hit the spot here.  A little pricey but worth the extra money for real home cooking.  My bill inluding coffee and oj was $20 after tipping.  Hash browns a little light and very tasty.  Only toasted bread is white or wheat.  Sausage were fresh patties.