OMG I love this place. So much so that I cannot believe I haven't written a review for it yet. What a slacker I've been! For shame. Merchant is totally the venue of my dreams when it comes to a place I can go if I need to get out of the house and work. It has EVERYTHING.
All the other coffee shops and bars I frequent for quality time with my laptop have one or more failings - small tables, too few outlets, inconvenient hours, inconvenient location, no caffeine, no booze, crappy wifi. However, Merchant has everything I could want from a coffee shop. And then some. First of all, the space is gorgeous. I feel like I'm in another city, somewhere in Europe, because the design is very, well, designed. In a good way. You'll see what I mean when you step inside. 
The coffee they serve, Illy, is a fantastic brand. High octane and delicious. And perfectly prepared by extremely friendly, helpful and customer-oriented staff. Everyone I've encountered at Merchant has been a delight, which is certainly not always the case at most places.
In addition to great coffee, they serve food (I've had breakfast, lunch AND dinner there by now, since they're open all day until 8pm), and although I haven't tried it yet, I know they serve booze (because what else could "grapes" stand for in the "Coffee, Crepes, Grapes" that serves as their tagline). Speaking of crepes, I'm so glad to have somewhere other than the places Uptown to get a nutella filled crepe when I have a craving. All places should sell nutella crepes, but that's another story.
So. Merchant has coffee, food, booze, and ambiance. The attention to detail is apparent in the way the tables are set up in the corridor area (just off the main bar where you place your order), because each table has power outlets next to it on the floor, and there are potted plants that serve as dividers between the tables, which afford some privacy if you're there for a meeting (or just don't like people staring at you when you're hunched over the computer, posting status updates to Facebook about how you should really be working). The wifi connection is good, in my experience. On top of all that, the tables themselves are large, so you've got plenty of room even if you've got coffee, plates of food, and two laptops spread out in front of you. Which I know because I've tried this. 
Cannot tell you how happy I am to have found THE perfect coffee shop for the freelancer who sometimes wants to be around people (instead of cats) and wear real clothes (instead of pajamas). This is definitely a place I can spend hours and hours being productive, without having to leave for food/coffee/functioning internet, etc. Hooray for Merchant! You'll be seeing me there again soon.If you are staying at or near the aloft Hotel, go here for breakfast. The lady behind the counter talked me into eating in, and they cut up fresh fruit for my granola and yogurt parfait. That along w awesome cup of Joe was a great way to start the AM. Great crew, fresh food w awesome barista.
I'll be back, and w take Fotos.absolutely my favorite coffee shop in the central business district. It's a hip place with an all white decor that's a different vide than most coffee shops. I've only been a handfull of times but it's never disappointed. The coffee is good but the food was most memorable.  If you're even in town definitely give them a try.If you start to feel grease oozing out of your pores during your NOLA visit, consider starting your day at Merchant.  Soooo healthy and still good.  Had the chicory coffee- could have been a little larger, but love the taste.  They use real chicory in the coffee.  We had the Quinoa bowl and the salmon/onions/cheese on croissant (okay- the croissant added to the grease quotient for sure), and we felt just a little less heavy for the day.  I would consider this your detox to all the heavy food NOLA seems to embrace.  Also lovely, clean, modern and quiet feel to the place- nothing extraneous.  Just a block off Canal- sign on the corner, but shop in the middle of the block.  Took me a moment longer to find- keep looking and you'll see the door in the middle of the block.LOVED THE ATMOSPHERE. Very modern, trendy, comfortable, interesting art on the walls.... Everything I love in a coffee shop. I had an iced coffee and it was great.This place is cool.  Really sweet baristas, great coffee, and yummy crepes although they're slightly over priced.  This place is perfect for a lunch meeting or drinks after work as they also serve wine and have a variety of seating options to accommodate different sized groups.Merchant is a hip little cafe with elegant breakfast choices.  Their coffees and teas are exceptional.  My husband had the pancetta, gruyere cheese and egg croissant, I tasted it, and it was truly delicious.  I had the lox which was  served on thinly sliced french bread.  If you are looking for a delicious breakfast and stay close to the quarters, check out Merchant.Two good reviews for our savory crepes and coffee. Rave reviews for my chocolate croissant which might have been better if it wasn't crushed in my backpack!Brand new to NOLA and wanted some delicious coffee and a breakfast sammy. Merchant was spot on! Awesome, cozy atmosphere, super friendly (counter) service and yummy menu with a wide variety of things to choose from. Service was super fast too. I ordered the "figamajig" (egg, goat cheese, turkey and fig jam on a warm and toasty croissant) and it was superb. I sat at the bar in the window, read my book and thoroughly enjoyed it. I highly recommend Merchant.The food at this place is way too overpriced to get snotty service. 
I ordered the ham & egg sandwich and they were out of ciabatta, which is forgivable. Ordered on a baguette, no problem. The sandwich came in a very large to-go container with the sandwich completely unwrapped. 
Since I'm a bike commuter, it's going to be difficult for me to balance the to-go container on my handlebars, so I asked for a bag. The person who served the sandwich gave me the stink-eye and then gave me a shopping bag that was so large, it probably could have held a dozen to-go containers assembled.
When I told him the bag was too large, he gave me another nasty look and said "It's IN a to-go box." 
Thanks man. I couldn't see it was in a to-go box. I then had to put the to-go box in my bookbag sideways and when I arrived at work, much of the egg had leaked out from the sandwich being sideways.
There's no excuse for discourteous service, especially at these prices.The crepes and coffee are super yummy!!! The coffee is a little pricey, especially for NoLa, but worth it.Such a nice spot. I had a savory crepe that was wonderful and came with a little side salad, French style. I didn't have coffee but it looked really good and they seemed to take care in making it. One thing to note, there's no bottled water except sparkling pellegrino, so keep that in mind if you want something to go. 
Also, the two women working at the counter seemed to have a lot of trouble communicating with each other about who was doing what and ending up making duplicate coffee orders for people. 
They have the whole menu all day, so it's a good spot for a late breakfast or early lunch!Great crepes, coffee, and service. A little off the beaten path. Hip decor.Oh dear, what an excellent cafe! It's located in CBD but just a short walk from the French Quarter. 
I was initially thrown off by the prices of the food - $7 for a yogurt parfait and $7 for most croissant sandwiches. But after seeing and tasting my food, my husband and I both agreed they were well worth the money.  Everything is made fresh in front of you - the croissant is toasted on a hot pan and the egg in the sandwich is fried upon your order, etc.  the yogurt parfait had lots of fresh fruit and was of better quality than most parfait I've had in sit down brunch places.  
Lattes are priced well at $3 and is nice & strong.  Despite being very busy on a weekend morning, the ladies at the cafe were all very friendly.  
The coffee and food were so awesome, we may have to come back again tomorrow.Definitely a locals place. We were the only group not in business attire. The hostess recommended the duck confit crepe and it was excellent. Great yelp find!I know - its NOLA and I should be eating gumbo, crawfish and oysters. But I've now been here twice in as many days and if I were staying longer I'd probably come back again. The prosciutto crepe is one of the best things I've ever had - its got truffle butter for Christ's sake. 
Truffle butter. On a crepe. 
Mind. Blown.
Top it off with illy coffee and espresso served in hand painted cups and I'm super sold. Go here immediately.This little cafe was our last stop in downtown before ending our vacation, and it was remarkably the best choice!
Illy coffee, free iced tea with fresh lemon, custom made crepes in the most visually stimulating space. Think clean whites and very Ikea inspired. The local art will also catch your eye to a long marbled hallway/dining area should you prefer more privatization. I found the place perfect to rest mentally and soak up the good smells of coffee and light. Service is super, and again i boast to kind baristas that are actually cheery. The lunch crowd can build a little but not once I never felt condensed even while sitting at the communal table. 
The merchandise of snazzy french presses and pots made me want to fork over the extra cash, but alas my suitcase could not sustain to another souvenir. 
Pass up the touristy eats and get hidden away with a crepe and coffee divine.My friend told me about this place. I tried one of there savory crepes and LOVED it! Also got a cappuccino. A little pricey but totally worth it. I definitely plan to come back.Awesome. Went here several times during my stay in New Orleans. Had two different crepes, delicious, and the caffee lattes are amazing!I guess if I have to sum this place up, I'd just have to say it'll do- not too remarkable in any way, other than the unreasonable slowness of the staff.  I've had both the crepe with ham, egg, and tomato, and the crepe with onion, goat cheese, and speck (I preferred the second of the two).  Both came with a small, but nice, salad.  Their iced coffee is pretty good, but the latte is only so-so.  I also got a salad to go, which was mediocre- very lacking in toppings- it was basically lettuce (not all of which was in excellent condition).  Maybe if you get it in-house they put more than about 12 crasins on it.  Like I said earlier, the staff were very slow- don't come here if you're in a rush.I really like the vibe here, but it's really packed usually and not terribly good for working remotely, unless you're at the community table. The food is also relatively expensive, but looked delicious.only tried the french press cup coffee and almond croissant, croissant was really good, coffee was not so much. Love the atmosphere and the menu looks great, we would try it again.The duck confit was by far my favorite, though last I checked the menu I didn't see it on there. If they have a special, it's a must.The turkey fig goat cheese crepe was yummy and a generous portion. They had lots of options on the menu. Coffee was good but wish it was a larger size! Definitely a lot of fresh and healthy options on menu.Came here four yrs ago and I've been dying to come back to New Orleans just to enjoy a breakfast here again. Love this place. It's light but fulfilling. Nothing greasy. Nothing fatty. These are healthy clean eats here and I can appreciate that. Their espresso drinks are so good. I had the iced dirty chai and loved it. I also had the loxsmith on croissant and it gave me life!! The actual ambience of the restaurant is so clean, crisp, and cozy. 
If there is a line, do not fret! Wait it out. It is worth it. The employees are great, friendly, and patient and fast! The line will go by quickly.Chicory coffee is really not my thing, but this is a nice cafe so check it out. Very convenient to get to in the business district.Ate breakfast twice while in NO for a conference.  Loved the DIY French press coffee.  Had the speck breakfast sandwich each time, once on ciabatta and another time on croissant.  The one on croissant was probably the best ham and egg sandwich ever.  Fresh juices.  Nice, clean.  Will be back on next trip.This coffee shop was across the street from my hotel on a recent girls weekend. We were just looking for convenience but ended up stopping back every day. The decor is funky. The coffee is strong. And the food is delicious. Wonderful trendy little place in an unexpected spot.Very good food, clean trendy place with free wifi. Centrally located and easy to get to. Friendly and nice staff but do not have a great sense of urgency. Coffee is really good! Bathroom clean! I recommend!Because NOLA lacks really high quality beans, my love for coffee has waxed and waned over the years. However, this gorgeous shop and its amazing Illy blends makes me love caffeine highs again. The space looks cool, the staff is knowledgable, and the entire menu is delicious. If I needed a place to see, be seen, drink coffee, feel cultured, gnaw on Nutella, Merchant is the place to be in the CBD.Excellent food - however the cashier gave herself a 20% tip without telling us and not knowing that, we also tipped. So when we got our credit card notification we were shocked and irritated.  Very unethical and she did it to every person in our groupMy Matcha tea latte was nice and creamy. They clearly use quality matcha since I didn't have to sweeten it (I like to taste the tea not turn it into a sweet Starbucks drink)
We split a goat cheese , turkey and fig crepe. It comes with a salad and since we split it the server kindly gave us 2 plates with salad so we didn't have to split the salad. It's exactly what you need when you need to escape New Orleans unhealthy food .
Their French press is served in a single serve disposable plastic cup. It was decent coffee according to my date .Great place. Menu is adventurous and very eclectic. Staff was very friendly. Very clean and organized location. Easy to get to from downtown. So now make this a regular stop.Great coffee, food, ambience, and people.  I couldn't ask for anything more. The Turk and Toast.0 crepes are fantastic. Free refills on regular coffee. Decent amount of seating. Plugs available for laptop work.A little more chic and a little less "grit" than I usually like in a coffee shop. Still, the crepes were good, and the coffee was Italian. So if "Euro-chic" is up your alley, you're set! (Or if you're craving Nutella...head here.)
I actually had a tea, which was a decent French brand (Dammann), if that's more your thing.This is a great coffee place, clean and with very fresh ingredients. The crêpes are just awesome, they are homemade, and very tasty. 
The tea is excellent and very affordable ($2).
I highly recommend this place for breakfast.Excellent coffee (Illy cafe, for those keeping score), interesting modern decor, very friendly staff, and delicious sandwiches and crepes! For those like me who love a fried egg sandwich, this is the place for you.Dropped in for a quick brunch before leaving New Orleans. First thing you see upon entering is the counter with a TV displaying their extensive menu. My friends and I (being our indecisive selves) took a while deciding what to order. The employee assisting us was wonderful! They patiently answered our questions, provided us with some insight on their own recommendations, and informed us of more popular items on the menu. Once you finish ordering, seat yourself wherever you wish and they bring your order to you. 
My friends and I all ordered different items from their breakfast on ciabatta bread. The food was prepared and delivered quickly. The ciabatta was crunchy, prosciutto and mozzarella tasted great together.After you indulge on char grilled oyster all along Bourbon Street, visit this gem for delectable healthy options.  While my normal morning nourishment is oatmeal, the chia bowls are a more than suitable replacement.  The Labna yogurt is instantly addictive.I'm hesitant to review places where I don't live, but over the course of this week, I've come here enough times to lose count.  It's an oasis from the neon lights and heavy food of the French Quarter: perfectly made espresso drinks, locally baked sweets, light meals (sandwiches, crepes, salads) under $10, free wi-fi, and a bright, clean modern aesthetic.  It honestly had me wishing I lived in New Orleans, so it could become my coffeeshop of choice.
Miscellaneous useful things to know:
- The hours are 7am to 8pm.
- They will soon get their beverage license and become a wine bar as well (the "grapes" part of their motto).
- The crepes are cooked to a crispy brown, instead of a soft beige; it makes eating them with a knife and fork tricky, but adds nice textural contrast.
- They're very happy to make custom espresso drinks.  This morning I went wild with a honey-hazelnut-cinnamon latte, and it was perfectly balanced.
- The side salad that comes with their sandwiches is shockingly good in its purity: chopped romaine, a thin vinaigrette with plenty of pepper and vinegar, and a sprinkling of parmesan.
It's been open a few weeks, and it's usually not very crowded, so I really hope that they find the strong customer base that they completely deserve.  An easy 5 stars.Amazing! Yogurt parfait was one of the freshest and tastiest I've ever had. The caprese sandwich on ciabatta was delicious. It definitely hit the spot. Will definitely stop by on my next visit to NOLA.We wandered into this little gem whilst looking for some caffeine one morning. What we found was a great spot for both beverage and study. Great vibe with limited seating and some great decor.
The place is super modern - so much so it feels like you've walked into the coffee section of IKEA! The gals working at the counter were very friendly and walked us through a couple drinks very nicely. I ended up with a Chicory latte and it was amazing. Great flavor and, as I'd been told, Chicory chunks that show up near the bottom and provide a little cud of shorts to chew on - while not previously digested, it was very soft and gave off just a little more flavor.
Very close to the French Quarter and quick block walk from the Roosevelt - probably where we'll be heading tomorrow as well! Well worth checking out.Coffee and live music by talented musicians were the high points of our meal. We had brunch on a Saturday and were told when ordering we'd have at least a 40 minute wait for our food. They make each menu item one a time and so if you have a group you will be annoyed that each person's food comes out separately so you can't eat together. I ordered a cafe latte with an apple, cinnamon and sugar crepe. The latte didn't come out for at least 10-15 minutes. The crepe came out 15 minutes later and was very dry/overdone. My husband ordered a tuna pressed sandwich which came out 5 minutes later and per him it was 'okay'. We found a table relatively easily since we had a long enough wait before our food arrived. Overall, we did not enjoy our food and thought it was overpriced. We will not be back again.Amazing coffee and crepes. The staff took a lot of pride in the process of their food and brewing heir coffee. The americano and crepes are a must.Great lunch at their counter!  A break from the heavy, rich foods of New Orleans. Conveniently located and easy to find. Great, simple salads and sandwiches in a clean, simple environment.Really cute modern cafe. I came here on the recommendation of Peter D. while I was in town for work and am so glad I found this option--it's one of the few downtown places open on a Saturday morning for breakfast! 
I have no words for this breakfast croissant. It's that good. Perfectly cooked eggs, melted cheese, just the right amount of crispy bacon...I mean, what more do you need in life?  [hint: nothing]
And the perfectly pulled macchiato was icing on the cake. 
I really want to eat that again.Service: We called them to see if there was a wait time coz weekend mornings can be busy and we wanted to avoid long lines. The person on the other side of the phone said "there's no reservation but cannot tell how much time it will take"
There was no line and barely any people when we reached there at 9:15am. Fine!
We asked if there was a highchair for my 10 month old.  To which she said "we don't, but the chairs are low anyway" Huh??
Food: ordered 3 Crepes,  2 savory and 1 sweet. Don't know why this place has high reviews but the crepes were very disappointing. It was thick and the filling was bland. 
To top that,  the cup of chai smelled of EGGS.  
Ambience/interiors: clean and modern.  That one star is for the decor.Delicious coffee (one of the best lattes I've ever had) and lovely brunch food outside the hustle and bustle of the quarter. The blue crepe was light and delicious, though I wish the ingredients (apple and pistachio especially) had been cut into smaller pieces so that the flavors could blend together.Slick decor and friendly staff.  Americano on the weak side.  I asked if they had fresh croissants and they said yes.  It was not a fresh croissant.  Cold and rubbery.Cute little place, but do not attempt to go there during breakfast!  They have two 14" crepe griddles - one for crepes and one for cooking breakfast orders (e.g., eggs, etc.).  I got there at 10am on a Sunday, ordered an espresso and an egg croissant - 20 minutes to get my espresso and 45 minutes (from ordering time) to get my sandwich.
I assume it is new and hopefully they get their act together, but in the meantime stay away unless the place is ABSOLUTELY empty!Got the Figamajig. Really very tasty on a croissant. A little heavy on the fig jam, but I don't have a big sweet tooth so next time I'll just ask them to go light on it. The jam really is a good contrast though. Had the Nutella crepe. Standard but good. The latte is pretty and decent. My partner had a pesto infused sandwich, kind of panini style. Also very tasty. As an aside, you are close to Canal St so you might run into an occasional pan-handler. This is NOLA, so if that's a problem for you, just stay on the North Shore ;-)Found this spot on a rainy day while we were in town. I absolutely love crepes, and I have to say their crepes are the best I've ever had. I think about them often and I can't wait to go back!I just loved this place!
It's pretty hipster-y but very clean and the staff that were there on that day were all insanely friendly and service was fast.
I had an iced coffee and the prosciutto crepe that was just divine and my boyfriend had the banana and nutella crepe. The crepes are huge and pretty dang inexpensive, so you get what you pay for, plus more.
I can't wait to come back and try something different on another visit to nola!I haven't spent much time in New Orleans, but I imagine this is probably the best place to get coffee. It is good, nothing amazing. I would have given four stars but they were REALLY slow.  Yes, I'm willing to wait around for the time it makes to get a good cup of coffee, but they were moving like turtles!  I also got a chocolate croissant, which was pretty good.  I'd definitely come back here, just don't be in too much of a hurry.I regretted to visit this place on my last day of the trip! Otherwise, I would come here for every meal! Jk. Seriously though.
Great meeting and studying space with bright lighting and comfortable spaces! 
FOOD 5/5
We ordered the Quinoa Bowl and the Loxsmith Crepe! We sat at the bar facing the kitchen area and it was quite an experience watching them cooking from fresh ingredients while devouring our breakfast! The salmon crepe was just wonderful! The crepe crust was perfectly soft with the crusty edge. The quinoa bowl was a nutritious pick-me-up after the night life and heavy meals from the days before.Good dirty chai latte. Space was very clean. Would come back.Coffee is better than Starbucks and their crepes are superb! A great light option to a heavy restaurant breakfast. In the middle of downtown on a dreary day, it was a nice, bright start to our day!Went in to try the Horchata pudding. This was not real Horchata pudding, I could only eat a few bites and after complaining the girl at the counter shrugged her shoulders. Money and my time totally wasted by coming here.I came back. Chai lattes here are indeed the best I've ever had. The atmosphere was a major improvement from the last time I came. I guess the owner really did fire all the brunettes (I'm happy he took my yelp review to heart). But really, in all seriousness, I will be taking my parents here next time we stay at our place in New Orleans. The food is great and the service is much more approachable than 1/2 the places.Went here because I stayed at the Sheraton and the Starbucks line inside the hotel was too long. I'm glad I stumbled upon this place in yelp (nearby coffee and tea) because it was the cutest little café/creperie. The crepe was good (chocolate, strawberry and banana) and the vanilla latte was delicious. (My only thought is that the hot coffee in a glass cup is not the smartest thing, because I couldn't pick it up.Loved the Nutella and banana crepe for my 14-yr old daughter. I had the lox crostini. Both were excellent!
Latte was very good too.
Really nice atmosphere. Too bad we could only go once during our visit.In New Orleans on a business trip, and was looking for a cute little coffee shop to work in for a few hours. I stumbled upon Merchant in the business district, which was super clean, nice and quiet, and a relief from the bustle of the French Quarter. 
They had a decently big menu with some healthy options, which was a nice break from the rice, bean and meat-heavy dishes I'd consumed thus far in New Orleans (as amazing as those Nola classics are). 
I ordered the fig'ama'jig sandwich on a croissant. The croissant was soft and flaky, and the fried egg exploded with yolk as soon as I bit into the sandwich. As someone who loves a runny yolk, it was amazing. The turkey was warm, and goat cheese was sharp, and the fig provided the perfect sweet balance. So so yummy!
I also ordered an iced chai with almond milk, and my only complaint is that the chai was just OK. The chai flavor was pretty week, and the drink was a bit too watered down/milky.
Other than that, a nice find with good food, atmosphere and customer service. Would definitely come back on a future work trip.Trying the triple creme crepe... baked apples and honey :-)Absolutely delicious crepes and coffee away from crazy crowds. The space is modern and the staff is friendly and attentive.  If you need a good bite in the morning away from the madness of the French Quarter then come
To this oasis of sanity. The ham egg and cheese crepe is awesome btw.Our last breakfast in NOLA. After going to the Ruby Slipper and Surrey's, it was going to be hard to live up to those places. And after 4 days of good here, we were NOLA'ed out. 
Yet we were happy to find yet another 5 star breakfast. 
Ambiance is nice, quiet, friendly, open, and clean. 
Music included Radiohead which is always a bonus. Service was good. Younger staff which isn't ingrained with the slow south style of lethargy. 
Baked apple and Brie crepes - savory to start. These were really nice and a good way to start the meal. Came with a side salad which was odd but hit the spot, especially after the NOLA fry fest of the last 4 days. 
Banana Nutella crepes - the sweet finish that came with a dollop of whipped cream. They were a great step 2 of this breakfast. Very yummy. 
This was a great find for our last breakfast. If we come back to NOLA we will come here, no doubt about it. 
Highly recommended!travelers come here for some insulation from the NOLA noise. you'll feel hip just by walking in to the clean-lined, modern setting. very pretty pastries and breakfast, and consistent Illy espresso drinks made by more than capable hands. no pourover coffee options, so go with a cafe latte or traditional macchiato.Such a peaceful place to eat and great get away from the busy bourbon street. The atmosphere was really relaxing and the food was fantastic. The sandwiches were perfectly toasted and contained high quality ingredients! I also had the apple, cinnamon, and sugar crepe, YUM! 
I wish we had a Merchant in California!This place ambiance reminds me of nyc! I don't know why?!! Anyhow, I always feel like I'm not in nola when I'm inside this coffee shop. Nothing too exotic about their menu but worth a try!I LOVE Illy coffee.  So it's always a travesty when the barista doesn't know how to steam the milk.  It just ruins the perfectly bitter expresso shot and turn great coffee to just coffee-flavored milk.  Fortunately this place trains their staff well.  Perfectly made double shot latte.  I also had a crepe, but that wasn't that memorable.  Come here for the coffeeHmmm.  Why does this place not open earlier?  What kind of coffee shop is closed until 9am?  Why is it so understaffed with one (very nice but very stressed) guy making all the coffee and food, bussing tables, and bringing out orders?  What's up with the hallway dining area?  
At the same time, the coffee is good, crepes and sandwiches are pleasant, and there's plenty of space.  Merchant is ok, but it could be more...This adorable coffee shop is located across from the hotel I am staying at. It has been calling to me, ever since my hubby and I checked into our hotel. This morning we ventured across the street to grab our morning coffee. 
First, the decor and ambiance are spot on. Literally, this is the cutest spot I have seen in a long time. 
The staff were incredibly friendly and engaged with me about my americano and brought out each cup for me to visualize before I placed my order. For reference, the small americano only comes with one shot of espresso. The medium americano comes with two shots. 
The only disappointing aspect of our experience was the fact that they use illy coffee. I have nothing against illy, I was just expecting a locally roasted coffee bean. 
All in all, the drinks were good and did the trick caffeine wise. I was eyeing the crepes, so I might have to stop back in tomorrow.The ingredients are good but the crepes are barely full! It doesn't make for a full meal and the ratio is too much crepe/breading compared to whats inside. Pretty disappointed. Esp if you've ever had a real crepe before! Also they need to cooke them a little longer to make them more crispyService: Good, however I deducted one star b/c they didn't know whether or not their granola was GF or not, so I took a risk. They must asked 3 other workers and none of them knew. 
Food: My partner ordered the croissant with pancetta and finished all of it. I am assuming that it was good! Being gluten free I had few options.  I ordered a yogurt parfait. It was delicious but could have used more yogurt. I think I only got one layer. The parfait was dry towards the bottom and was tempted to ask for milk. 
Time of day: 9:00am on a Wednesday. No line and plenty of seating.Delicious and fresh breakfast. Not your usual.
The ham, cheese, tomato & egg on a crepe was so full of flavor. Very big and could be shared.  
The fig'ama'jig with egg, turkey, goat cheese, fig was unbelievable. What a combination. 
The coffee however could have been hotter.I thought the proportions were pretty small.  Has a total hipster, clean, modern feel to it.  It is in the heart of the business/bigger hotel area of NOLA.  The food overall was good, coffee great.  It was just too expensive to be 5 stars for the amount of food I received.This was right across from the hotel, super convenient! I got a large mocha and a muffin and spent about $10. They mostly had hot food, but I'm having brunch later so just wanted a snack. There is a lot of white as you will see in my pics but it has a clean feel because of it. The service was very friendly, two thumbs up!i ordered the triple cream crepe which was cold and rubbery. my boyfriend's duck confit croque baton was another disappointment. for me, the vibe sucked. the atmosphere was not inviting- just a failed attempt at being trendy and modern. i have a gallery a few blocks away and really wanted to like this place. the coffee was good but doesn't make up for the terrible food we had.The food is absolutely delicious. I had the smoked salmon crostini with goat cheese and the chocolate croissant. They were both amazing. My friend had an egg and ham croissant that was also superb. I'll definitely be back!I was really looking forward to Merchant because of the reviews, but it wasn't mind-blowingly delicious or different. The crepes were fine- soft, sweet and salty. But the fillings were nothing so special. I got the duck with the blue cheese and it was still just okay. The chai was solid. It felt very big city- doesn't feel like the rest of New Orleans. Felt out of place in this historic city.Great place for those looking for a gluten free bite in NOLA. 
Stopped in for a mid-day Nutella gluten-free buckwheat crepe and an Illy mocha and it was delicious! Liked that they have almond milk too.
Pleasantly surprised that my crepe came with a small side salad - although would have been nice to have this on a separate plate since I ended up eating my lettuce with Nutella on it, and cheese from the salad got on my crepe, etc.
Friendly and cheerful staff in a beautiful sleek white space with plenty of seating. NOTE: Restroom access available with key from staff down the hallway.
If back in town would definitely come back to try their savory and some of the other sweet crepes!