Showed up at 7:30 for an 8:30 reservation and planned on spending 1 hour at the bar.  Spent 1.5 hours and they were 30 minutes late seating us.  Come on!  I made a reservation.  Do not count on their reservation system!I went with a group of 8 people on opening night.  We elected to go "family style" and ordered a ton of dishes and shared everything. The food was all incredible! No complaints there whatsoever. However, the service was seriously lacking.
Half of us ordered Moscow Mules and after waiting 20 minutes for them, the bartender came out and told us he didn't have all the ingredients to make them - except he only told 2 of the 4 that ordered them so 2 people re-ordered drinks which were delivered 10 min later and the other 2 were still empty handed. 
We had to ask for silverware and plates multiple times. At one point a server tried to clear our share plates but we were waiting for more food so asked to keep them because it took so long initially for them to even bring them the first time. They apologized and assured us they would be back with clean plates ASAP so we let them take the dirty plates. Then nobody brought more!!! We had to ask the server who brought the food and they sent over somebody else with 4 plates - but there were 8 of us!  So another delay while we waited for more plates. 
I should also mention that while it was opening night, the restaurant was well staffed and should have been able to maintain an appropriate level of service. We often saw servers chatting with each other by the server stations while we were waiting for plates or silverware, etc. they clearly had free time to talk which should have been used to check on their tables. I worked in the restaurant industry for 6 years so have reasonable expectations when it comes to service. If the servers were all slammed, I would have forgiven the poor service but that just wasn't the case.  
I've eaten at 4 different Emeril's restaurants and all have been exceptional up until this one. I am hoping they will supervise their wait staff better so service improves because the food was delicious and I would love to go back - just not until service improves.It's a good restaurant, the setup and decor remind me of Emeril's version of Peche - and be aware it is very loud when full.  To start with, the cocktail and wine list are fantastic.  and who offers 35 wines by the glass??  Food however was good but generally not great.  Meatballs were pretty good but a bit overpriced for 3 small meatballs and definitely had too much fennel/anise flavor for me.  The snow pea "salad" with Asian flavors was unique and pretty good but maybe missing that last ingredient to fully make it pop.  Chorizo flatbread is definitely one of the larger portions but had thin matchsticks of chorizo that didn't give it much chorizo flavor at all.  The hit of the meal was pasta shells with crawfish and a mushroom cream sauce, while the Gulf Shrimp were cooked perfectly in the wood fired oven and tasty but probably a bit overpriced for 4 shrimp in New Orleans where shrimp are cheap.
Was it a nice experience?  Yes.  Did it blow me away?  No.  That being said, I'll likely return for a casual dinner, especially with the great glass pour list, so I'll round up to 4 stars.  I certainly prefer Peche with a similar atmosphere and price point but Meril is a very different menu and will hopefully kick the flavor up a notch as they're open longer and refine & update the menu.We were 2 ladies at the bar for drinks and a few bites to eat.  Service at the bar was almost non-existent...like we were invisible.  One glass of wine and we decided to move our evening somewhere where we would be treated better!Cornbread, get in my belly!  Seriously though everything we tried on the menu was excellent.  It was well spiced with rich flavors, and perfectly cooked.  While this isn't cheap eats, it was definitely worth it accounting for the quality of the food.Went to Meril on Wednesday 3/1 for a birthday celebration!  Everything from the cocktails to the food and service was wonderful!  Reggie and Noah, our servers were just a blast!  We had deviled eggs, pork tacos and truffle potato chips for appetizers, I had a snow pea salad (it was huge and can be shared for sure), one of us had the jerk chicken thighs, 3 of us had the fish of the day - Pompano over a bed snap peas and Brussels sprouts with bacon and a wonderful sauce, and one of us had the cheese flatbread and Mexican corn.  For dessert we shared the Dulce de leche bread pudding, the coconut cake and one of the specials that had bananas in it!  Our birthday girl got the cotton candy with a large sparkler candle!  Service was spectacular and food was awesome!  Thanks Meril for a lovely evening!The Boudin Tamales are to die for!  Great service!  The plates are small but it's nice since you can try several different things. Pretty expensive but we knew that going in.  Atmosphere is good and not too loud. Definitely need reservations on the weekends. Would recommend!This was excellent. I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and got to interact with the chefs. I had the flatbread and it was wonderful. I highly recommend this restaurant. btw .. there is a story that the turkey necks dish started with Chef Eugene and Chef Joe at Cafe Reconcile.Great dinner last night at Meril.  Fantastic wine and beer list. I had the Portuguese alvarinho and my wife had a French rose. Started by splitting a brussel sprout and sweet potato salad with blue cheese and grapes. Sounds like an odd combination but it worked and was great. We each had pasta, and it was a great portion.  I had the shrimp and fennel rigatoni and it was fantastic. Last, great service and we arrived within an hour of restaurant closing.Excellent service at not crazy prices! Great service by all the staff but also Texas our server!We went to Merils at 5pm, prefect timing,  it was happy hour,  we had $5 wine by the glass, flat Bread Pizza with chorizo,  deviled eggs with cajun caviar, and upside down corn bread topped with bacon. Great food, great atmosphere,  staff was friendly and service was great as well.So glad we decided to visit this place for lunch. We started with the smoked gulf fish dip which was absolutely delicious! Very fresh and light on the pallet. There was just a hint of lemon that rounded out the flavor nicely. I had the Nero pasta which had large chunks of fresh crabmeat and a light lemon butter sauce. Much more like a broth than a heavy pasta sauce. My husband had the jerk chicken thighs which as expected were more "carribean" than actual jerk but still good. The smoked fish dip was so good we skipped dessert and had another fish dip. Kinda wished we had dessert because everything was so delicious but we will certainly be back!I very much enjoyed my meal at Meril. The ambiance was casual yet classy, the food was delicious, but the best part of my experience at Meril was the staff! Everybody from the bussers to the servers to the bartenders were obviously having a great time... it is so refreshing to be at a restaurant where the staff is having FUN.Food amazing. Service good. Drinks okay. Edamame salad, beet pasta amazing. Skip dessert and specialty cocktails.This place is great. Atmosphere is so fun! You can go casual or dressy. The drinks are perfect. I trust everything off their menu. Their food selection are "snack" oriented not full meals but that gives you the option to try different items. THE BRUSSEL  SPROUTS!!! How the heck can anyone make those taste good idk but this place can. Def a must visit!This was probably the most fun of all the Emeril places I have been to. Small plates, lots of sharing. This is the perfect place for that. Loved the causal feel to it. 
Do make a reservation!  It is a must. The chorizo flatbread is a must!  Croquets yum!  Loved the rubs. There was so much to try!Great ambiance! We celebrated a birthday and it was a great choice! Tamales were delicious; I could have ordered 4 and made it a meal! Pasta Nero was delicious! Bar was a bit slow and deserts were average - my fried rice pudding balls were not exciting :(
I would definitely go back!We called to let them know we would be 5 minutes late due to traffic and rainy road conditions and were informed they would hold the table for 15 minutes (total) before releasing it-but when we arrived- were told we would have to wait 10 minutes for a table. The bar was overly crowded and we couldn't find a place to stand. We ordered from the harried bartender and hoped the drinks were better than the attitudes of the staff. The bartender soon smiled (perhaps our orders of high end drinks persuaded him) and we were playing musical standing location for more than 10 minutes before led to a table in the middle of the dining room. Empty tables scattered around made us wonder if they were short staffed but the loud conversations made us feel that the customer were enjoying their evening. Several people were celebrating birthdays- and presented with cotton candy on a stick and a sparkler-which added to the vibrant atmosphere. We decided to order several small plates/appetizers/desserts and only one entree to split for 4 of us. Waiter was helpful and friendly-although had to be reminded several times  to bring dessert menu and never did bring the coffee I ordered. THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT WAS MEETING FELIX! We had heard there was a gentleman there- bussing tables perhaps- filling water glasses- and making the experience so well worth the trip to NOLA. Having met Emeril in the past at his original restaurant- we felt that Felix had a similar presence as the great chef himself. Felix changed the entire energy of our evening. His smile exuded warmth-his laugh infectious. Arriving to the states was our gain ( and Turkey's loss) and we even asked the manager to snap our photo with him. The food was very good-but Felix was more than the icing on the cake of the evening.This is an awesome spot. The atmosphere is inviting from the music, decor, and ambiance. The food is delightful!!! I've been here with family and everything was great. The pork chop is the best on the menu.  Also, the chicken, rigatoni, flatbreads, and all the appetizers are wonderful. I can't forget the drinks. My cousin loved the No. 11. But I'm a whiskey and bourbon drinker and the No. 52 is my fave. This place has great service and the waiters pay attention to detail and work together. 
P.s. if you go for a birthday (which each time i went it seems like every other table is celebrating one) let them know and they will bring you fresh, homemade cotton candy!!Meril's hmmmm...where do I begin... the ambience is amazing and the service was superb. I had the appetizer of calamari and a vodka tonic as my drink... simply amazing. The calamari was prepared different than what I'm accustomed to, it was delicious. I loved the white bean purée. My friend ordered the candied coated ribs and gloated about them all night. As for my entree the pork belly was ideally thought of as something different so not a fan. The hand cut fries were amazing. I expected something different and when communicated to the server he didn't offer me anything else. He tried really hard to keep us laughing then he disappeared and another server began taking care of us... totally weird. It was insulting because we had to call him over and ask why he stopped attending to our table. Unfortunately, I think he was offended because a drink ordered at the bar did not meet the taste of one of my friends and he went to the bar and communicated with the bartender on how to make it better. I had 4 stars but reflecting on his disappearing act and attitude towards the end of the evening, I had to one star back. Shout-out to the waiter to took care of us in his absence. I will attempt once more and try something else. Overall,  it was a nice experience.Delicious meal and typical of fancy restaurants portions will not leave you feeling bloated. The lemon ice cream with rasberry was a great end to a faboulous dinner. The cone was so perfectly textured.Perfect service very quick meal. Maybe a little to quick hadn't finished salads before other choice arriving. Food was fresh and attention to detail on presentation. Finally had to stop bringing tea refills before I floated out of there. Lol. Peanut butter chocolate banana pie amazing. Like it just as much as Emeril  's  banana cream pie .The music, the food, the atmosphere was everything! We went for my cousin's birthday and the staff made it a memorable experience, great service. I loved the candied pork ribs, they were to die for. I would definitely come back, I thoroughly enjoyed my first time!Went last night and had a mediocre experience. 
Service and atmosphere were great. It's a loud place, so don't expect an intimate quiet dining experience (fine by me). Service was great. We had plenty of attention from our two waiters.
The food was just NOT fantastic. We ordered 2 appetizers (spring rolls, calamari) and the calamari was good but like the the majority of the food we received it was cold. Spring rolls. Just skip them and head to your local Vietnamese place. 
For our main course we ordered short ribs (tough, not impressive), Spanish shrimp (these were ok), and the fish of the day which was a grilled redfish in a boullibasse.  The redfish was outstanding, piping hot, and just shows that this is where Emeril shines. We also had the cauliflower which came out ice cold (they replaced it) but it just wasn't great and the Brussel sprouts which I loved. Dessert was pecan pie (excellent) and bread pudding (very small, not impressive). 
Like other reviewers said the plates are small. We spent about $60 per person on food and did not feel overly full. 
Hopefully they can work on things. It was pretty cool to see Emeril in the kitchen :)Very Nice place. So crowded we had to sit facing the kitchen which was cramped but kind of interesting. I would suggest reservations of course but it was very good. The waiters suggestion was excellent, that cornbread was awesome!this place gave our group such an amazing dinner! we arrived with a large group and it was no problem at all for the restaurant to handle. the service was excellent (texas was our server) and the kitchen was on top of the dishes. the energy in the restaurant was awesome and the staff seemed excited to be there. the restaurant manager was present and actively ensuring that everyone dining was enjoying themselves. we kept the place open and even so the service was still great and we even got to wrap up the night with a chat and visit from Emeril! we definitely can't wait to go back.My sister and I were visiting from San Francisco and were told to check this place out by several foodie friends. We came to NOLA specifically for the food and art scene so we decided to stay in the warehouse district. The ambiance is nice. The food was amazing! The service was meh. My sister asked for bread and there seemed to be some frustrated annoyed response from the waiter. First of all, life is too short to be annoyed over little things like a customer asking for something not on the menu such as bread. What made this situation even more uncomfortable was how the waiter presented my sisters request to the kitchen crew and of course we were eyed by the crew. The attitude for the rest of the evening was cold and odd. I decided we weren't going to have dessert and asked for everything to go. I really wanted to like this place and add it to my eatiology Instagram page but the service killed it for me. I may try going to the bar for a drink and maybe dessert to see if I can take pics and blog about it. The best part was seeing the hostess from Herbsaint.Went for Sunday brunch to visit the new spot and Chef Darren.  I could ramble on about which plate was the best, but we were treated to many and all were great.  Some of the best I've had in NOLA after living there for 20 years.  The staff were superb and the atmosphere was very open, airy and pleasant.  I am not one for long recommendations, so just go, you will not be unhappy with your choice.  CheersAmbiance was great. Thought it was more upscale being an Emile associated establishment. Really casual. Folks there with small children running around with abandon.
The better half and I ordered only a couple of appetizers as we were not that hungry. All above the wait staff was spot on. Unfortunately our waiter was a wee bit snippy.  Guess he expected us to spend or eat more...?
Would I go back yes, with a prayer we won't get the same waiter.
:)Disappointed. ...have dined at three of Emeril's other restaurants and the  food and service at Meril were  both disappointing.  My husband and I arrived for a late lunch . The service was slow. While tables around us were being serviced somewhat promptly we had to wait more than 15 minutes before we ordered our snack/appetizer. Then when we received the fish snack it was bland,  no flavor.  My husband ordered steak that was tough. My fish was okay, nothing creative or impressive. I ordered the lemon  icebox pie, again unimpressed, don't bother.   To add to this disappointing experience the waiter wasn't engaging and  only  came to the table to deliver food and the check.  I won't return, this was a one and done.While visiting Nola with friends during Essence Festival, we decided to dine at Meril for one of our friend's birthday. Having all dined at an Emeril restaurant in the past, we were all excited for his meal. 
I'm pleased to say we weren't disappointed. We each enjoyed our entrees. I went with the lamb pasta (I forgot the actual name) but it had a red sauce and it was quiet tasty. We also had the deviled eggs for an appetizer which were fantastic!
My one caveat about this restaurant is the entire dessert menu including the birthday dessert. Not sure why they chose cotton candy as the dessert option but it's not good at all. Also the prices for a scoop of ice cream are ridiculous.Enjoyed my meal very much. Everything is a small plate which means you can try several dishes. I had the corn and crawfish bisque. Made me wish soups had refills like soft drinks. Also had the fried oyster salad-oysters were crispy and light-they may have been marinated in something. Great service from a cadre of servers even if one of them overdid the excitement at us ordering and overused the word, "awesome". So I have to say, Meril was really really Awesome!Went here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans and we definitely SAVED THE BEST FOR LAST!
Everything from the decor, service and food was amazing.  We were served by two waiters who were hosting all the parties in the main dining area.  They were great as a team and super attentative.  
We had the brussels sprouts and market vegetable pizza to start.  The brussels were crisp and had a beautiful sauce to compliment it's natural flavor.  The market pizza had an amazing crust. Crispy with a nice bite.  My partner had the oyster tacos and I had the halibut with crab friend rice. All the flavors we're amazing. I loved thethai curry butter on my dish and requested for more.  After Al that good we also shared their banana foster cake.moist cake, banana cream cheese frosting, crispy bannaa chips and candied walnuts. Explosion of wonderfully accented flavors. 
We can't wait to come back to new Orleans and to return to Merils.had a wonderful late lunch at Meril. really enjoyed the experience, which was facilitated by the wonderful wait staff. the drinks were sparkling and refreshing, the food was very good. will return for sure.Underwhelming. Small portions with subpar quality priced as exceptional dining. 
Could get any of the entrees at other restaurants in larger portions with similar if not better culinary experience. 
Loud venue for conversations amongst party. Crowded. 
Will not be coming backI hope you made your reservations!!! Emril did a great job with this restaurant! I love the small plates as we were a party of 7 and wanted to try a lot of things the deviled eggs, roasted cauliflower, flatbreads, pineapple upside down cornbread, Brussels, and shrimp tacos were delicious!!! The service was great and we loved the atmosphere.Service was excellent - thanks Corey and Mike! They were nice to my special needs brother too, so extra points.
Meril is a restaurant of small plates that you can share. I love the idea but some items need more work. And they should have more offerings.
BUTTERMILK BISCUIT - good
Foie Gras Butter * Blackberry Preserves
FISH DIP - okay, smoked but otherwise very bland
HOUSEMADE MEATBALLS - good but only 3 small meatballs
Burrata Mozzarella
UPSIDE-DOWN CORNBREAD - very good and a nice balance with the bacon
Pineapple * House Bacon Marmalade
LASAGNA BOLOGNESE - excellent
Béchamel
SHELLS - very good but the crawfish is in the sauce
Louisiana Crawfish * Tasso * Sundried Tomato * Smoked Mushroom Cream
LEMON ICE BOX PIE - excellent
DULCE DE LECHE BREAD PUDDING - poor, lump of bread with sauce
I would give it a 3 1/2 but am rounding up for service.This should be on your list for New Orleans restaurants to return to on every visit. Something for every one. Great value. Unique flavors. Beautiful venue. Outstanding service. 
I don't think I need to say more!Overall experience was okay. Great service though. Hubby and I ordered fries with lemon mayo, it was good.
Cornbread with bacon marmalade was better to my husband, but not to me. Short ribs were too asian flavored (too much of a sauce, but no which one).shells was,prettt good, and nero fettuccine was also,okay. Drinks were just okay too!DID NOT ENJOY, drink #20
Overall experience was just okay.Pretty disappointed considering the food was probably 8/10 stars. Service was no where up to par for a restaurant of this caliber. Server was an order taker not what you wanted and needed. Ask for our drink order then our food order with no explanation. Had to pull some recommendations out of him and have him explain the menu. Very un attentive throughout the entire meal extremely disappointingWe love coming back here weekly if we can.  The lamb pappardelle is my latest obsession !Had a very good meal here with a large group of friends.  We ordered a bunch of small dishes and ate family-style.  Everything was good except the salad with fried oysters and bleu cheese.  The cheese and sauce were so impossibly salty that I could not eat more than a bite.  I would have thought the waiter would've asked if there was a problem, but he did not.  He seemed harried, and in a bit of a hipster fog.  Water glasses when unfilled, second-drink orders were not taken promptly, and he generally seemed indifferent.
Poor service was not enough to keep me from going again though.  The room itself is huge, airy and well-decorated.  Better than his fancier, formal restaurants, especially for a group.
I was also pleasantly surprised at how quickly the food came out, but I guess they just made vats and trays of huge portions, and dole them out that way.Excellent first meal in New Orleans on this trip. Four of us split the roasted Brussels sprouts, shrimp and caviar deviled eggs, appetizer of the day (seafood egg rolls), tuna wrap, rock shrimp tacos. Everything was amazing! The weakest (and they're not "weak") were the deviled eggs.From the moment we entered we were treated to a relaxing evening that nonetheless met every standard an exacting restaurant critic could impose.  We were immediately guided to a table we wouldn't have dreamed of requesting; close in proximity to the open (glassed in) kitchen where we could observe them at work, yet could enjoy an evening with one another, unimpeded by noxious distractions.  The service was conscientious, yet unobtrusive.  Servers were knowledgeable about the menu offerings, which can be problematic for a relatively new restaurant.  Friendly, yet professional.  This is a restaurant with small offerings, reasonably priced, which makes it possible to try lots of different things, especially if there are two or more patrons.  Fun is not forgotten; I've never seen cotton candy as an offering in a restaurant before.  This a restaurant I want to visit again and again!I thought this restaurant was super fun! The service was amazing from start to finish. The dishes are small plates, so its perfect to try things and if it's not to your taste, you haven't wasted a whole plate! I think every dish is very well thought out, and the flavors are fantastic. The drinks are good -- the two I got were good (I got one that had aperol and lavender syrup in it -- it tasted like a caprisun. Maybe good for some or maybe not for others? I liked it but wouldn't say loved it).
Dishes I tried:
1. Turkey Necks: These are amazing from start to finish and mostly because of the lemon-y cumin sauce that is to die for. If splitting leave them in the sauce while sharing (get comfortable folks) -- and don't bother knife and fork. Eat that sucker like a chicken wing.
2. Rock Shrimp Tacos: The shrimp was perfect and the sauce on them was great. My one complaint: the taco was just fried shrimp and a sliver of pickled onion. Where is the cabbage or any sort of crunch?? Maybe as a native Californian my taco standards are too specific?
3. Fried Chicken Livers: These are actually like ground friend chicken liver on a crouton with a bunch of delicious things. Every bite was a flavor adventure. If you don't like game-y flavor be careful.
4. Pork Belly: So delicious! If you like pork belly and/or fatty meat, with excellent flavor (so most people??) you'll like this
5. calamari: This calamari is so good -- perfectly fried and the olives add that citrus. Yum.
6. THE WINNER: there was a special, it was a fried oyster salad with arugula and fennel and a garlic dressing. The oysters were just fantastic. The spice was amazing. I think they should have it on the menu always.
Dessert: the bread pudding had the best flavor, and was so moist, its more of a custard than bread pudding!Outstanding food! Wonderful service!
Our party of six ordered the fried chicken livers (a must), Mexican corn (yummy), the pasta Nero(omg), the candied pork ribs (fabulous fall of the bone goodness), a pasta fennel dish with shrimp (the flavor out of this world)...the open floor warehouse type of layout feels just right...Next time I'm in NOLA I'm making a B-line to this place!!! Thank you Emeril!1st time and it def won't be my last! My boyfriend and I started out with the chorizo flatbread pizza, tuna wraps (it says it has a jalapeño, and siracha don't get scared ) amaziiiiing and lastly we got a crabmeat pasta with caviar. We split all of these dishes and still had room for dessert.. king cake tres leche! It almost tasted like a really good bread pudding. Everything was just great. Reasonably priced and we made it in time for happy hour. The service was outstanding. Our waiter was very knowledge and helped us pick out some great dishes. I think I might've found my new fav restaurant in Nola! We will be back!This place is a casual gourmet cutting edge spot in a beautiful new space. It is a small plates place but the plates are very filling. We got 4 for $40 and had too much food. I would highly recommend the smoked fish dip, and the flatbreads. And the brussel sprout sweet potato dish was awesome. This place is not for everybody but if you are looking for something different and creative, you will love it.I really like the food here. It is a shame to give it one star but I have to because about 6 hours after eating there I got deadly sick with food poisoning and had to reschedule my flight the next morning and extend my stay as I couldn't even get out of bed. 
If you are a gambler maybe check it outFood was solid, with shrimp dishes being the highlight. Try the rock shrimp tacos as a starter.  With a small-plates menu, you can get a few things and enjoy. If we were to go again, we'd pass on the Korean BBQ shirt-ribs.  
Had an issue with our reservation and couldn't get a table for 30 minutes plus. Manager did the right thing, however, and took care of us when we then opted to order dinner at the bar.  
All in all- a good dining experience.Great service , drinks are great reason for the 3 Stars is the food is good but consider the price not as good as some of the area Reasturant's also had one of the special pasta dish with bay scallops that I had to return ( I never do that) but for $20 for a very small portion of cold pasta and scallops that were very fishy is not something I would expect at this type of restaurant.We had heard a lot of good things about this new restaurant, and were excited to try it out last night. Really big  bar scene with lots of folks having fun. Decor and Service were great.Prices were reasonable.
So what's not to like? THE FOOD! Here's what we had:
Fried Chicken Salad - Greasy & under cooked. Mostly skin/batter.
Lasagna Bolognese - Bland with slightly "tinny" taste
Flatbread with pork & grapes - greasy oily taste
Thanks, but no thanks.This was not what I expected from an Emeril restaurant.  It seemed like they just tried too hard to be different that it lost something.  For example, the shrimp and pork spring roll was just inedible, from the texture to the flavor.  The truffle chips were tasty.  Four of us had the Mediterranean tenderloin skewers with feta salad.  They were very inconsistent.  Some of ours were tender, some tough, some spicy, some not.  The Brussels were great, but the cauliflower was not.  Service was fair.We only went for dessert, but we walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night and the host and waiters were fantastic. We had the peanut butter banana cream pie, the deep dish pecan pie, the chocolate crepe, the dulce de leche bread pudding and the salted caramel ice cream - ALL were fantastic. The ambiance was relaxed, but classy and the service was impeccable.This place is amazing all the plates are great and the food is delicious. Nothing we ate wasn't fabulous..
Was a little annoyed that when I called for a reservation for 5 people I was told only available time was 4 PM or 10 PM
At 5:15 the place was still pretty empty.Great food and great cocktail list. Perfect place to bring company when they are visiting in town and share multiple plates. Love the large array of menu items, haven't tried anything we didn't like! Also their birthday treat is the best and really adds to the occasion.Great atmosphere! Loved the open view to the kitchen. We tried the deviled eggs, shrimp tacos, upside down cornbread, roasted Louisiana oysters, ribs....and everything was wonderful!!Very cool environment and the food was outstanding. Drinks were very well crafted as well. A little too cozy with so many patrons but they did their best to accommodate all.I would go back just for the deserts! We had the bread pudding and the lemon pie...its was the bomb! I think I liked the deserts here better than at Emerils.  Having said that..the food, although impeccably cooked...just lacks flavor ...BIG TIME..the spring rolls, barrata salad, hanger steak, jerk chicken , niro pasta...all of it just lacked flavor..it was very sad! .very  Mediocre food... we expect better from a restaurant that represents the name Emerils.Food is great & service is even better!! Gets really loud which is sometimes annoying when you're trying to talk to friends. If you're looking for a quiet place this definitely isn't it. Other than that you should give it a try! Birthdays give you cotton candy with a sparkler. Such a cute idea! I've been numerous times since they've opened.Meril was great.  It's a big beautiful storefront in the warehouse district, right off of Tchopotoulis.  The menu is all small plates and everything we had was terrific.  The french fries with lemon aioli were especially good.  Excellent beer and wine choices and the service was superb.  Friendly and attentive without being at all invasive.I was hoping to eat here during the second half of NFL Sunday night game. Given the late dinning hour I had the choice of the dinning room or bar. I should have chosen the dinning room but instead sat at the bar corner to better watch the game. I sat in a "dirty" seat as someone had just left eating there. When I both signaled and asked to get the bar counter cleaned and for a dinner menu, I was ignored by both the server (putting glasses into the dishwasher) and the bartender (who was making a drink$. Neither person acknowledged my request. In fact the server, rather than clean my area, threw me a menu and asked me what I would like to drink. I responded that I would first like my eating area cleared and cleaned before I ordered anything. She gave me an inappropriate response and I told her that I now preferred to eat somewhere else that understood client service. On the way out I informed the hostess crew that this was the most rude dinning experience I had ever encountered. I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO OPINE ON THE QUALITY OF THE FOOD AS THE BAR SERVICE WAS SO DISGUSTING I VOTED WITH MY FEET AND LEFT.I loved the ambiance & staff. The parking could be a little challenging because of the location. Appetizers were great but the pasta didn't impress. All plates are tapas style (small) and a little pricey. Great for a get together with friends but not so much for family gatherings.Eaten at Meril twice now and enjoyed it but it is a bit odd to be perfectly honest.  The restaurant is beautiful with a gorgeous bar and dining room and service is top notch.  That being said, I would certainly suggest some advanced study before you visit.  The menu is vast and varied, with a surprising mish-mash of cultures, cuisines, and flavors all thrown into a tapas style format.  I can say I think I spent more time trying to figure out what the heck I was going to order than at any place in recent memory.  Serving sizes vary and the meat options are generally just that - a serving of meat.  So I would suggest going with roughly one meat type dish and a veggie/side per person to start.  The Korean short rib is delicious and I liked the shrimp tacos quite a bit.  Not a fan of the jerk chicken thighs.  The cocktail menu is similarly out there - with approximately 30 cocktails identified by number and ingredients - which without a name signpost makes it slightly difficult to foresee what is going to arrive.  That being said - my meals have been enjoyable.  The numbered cocktails are strong and the  breadth of the menu meals I had two completely different and interesting meals on my separate visits.  I recommend an advance peak at the menu and reliance on the excellent waiters to set you straight and you will have a great time.Excited to go to my first Emeril LaGasse restaurant.  Great atmosphere and decor.  Best dish we had was the crab fettuccine.  Steak was in the cold side and underseasoned, missing the smoky taste of the robata grill they have.  Cornbread muffin was good, my husband loved it.  Calamari was fresh but missing some seasoning too.
Wine list was great and the desserts kind of disappointing though the cotton candy seemed popular.Great food, good drinks, but hands-down the loudest restaurant I've eaten at in New Orleans.Good place. I came with no reservations for lunch and the staff has been really welcoming me nicely.
The menu is authentic and original, you can find a lot of choice. The atmosphere is perfect and the decor is modern. What is really great is how the staff is taking good care of you. I was really impressed by all the staff, they did a fantastic job by being polite, smiling, entertaining and fast! Good job!I must admit that I was highly disappointed. The food was not what I expected. (To be fair, it may have been that I had the wrong impression of the type of restaurant this was.) Let me give credit where it is due...the service was phenomenal. Our waiter made sure we were taken care of the entire evening.Meril is Emeril Lagasse's newest outpost in New Orleans and I must say I was pleasantly surprised.  The dining room is open and airy, great for large parties.  Artwork is really cool (checkout the artwork by his daughter by the bathrooms- really cute).  Open kitchen concept, nice beer on tap and looks like a decent wine list.  The cocktails are really good as well.  For lunch we had:
Sweet potato and Brussels sprouts salad with grapes and blue cheese.  OMG, it was divine.  All the flavors stand alone and together at the same time.
Pineapple upside down cornbread...freaking AMAZING.  It had bacon that just set it all off.
Jerk Chicken - it started ok. More like BBQ chicken than jerk chicken.  I'm West Indian, I know my jerk.  However the sliced scallions on top took it from ok to really good.
Fried turkey necks - I didn't like them at all.  No flavor, seemed like a total miss.  However somebody may like them.
You should definitely check out Meril!!This place was AWESOME! The staff was really friendly and helpful. Our waiter really knew the bar and food menu and gave us really great suggestions. I had the Pork Porterhouse Special and it was AH-MAZING! Came with crispy shallots and cheese grits. The glaze was delicious with a dash of spice. Absolutely unbelievable! It was also a birthday so we got a complimentary cotton candy with a sparkler next to it! Highly recommend this place!Molten lava cake?? More like room temperature river cake... still tasty though and good drink prices. Also come here if you want to be waited on by a hipster in a wacky shirt. Plenty to spare! But they do have USB ports in the bar, maybe we have the hipsters to thank for that.First time at Meril tonight. I was very impressed with the style, the restaurant, the good vibes, the great service and the food was good. Didn't get to try much but the steak was great and the crawfish bread was delicious. The LA PALOMA drink is a must try and the king cake tres leches dessert was the bomb. Some portions were small though and I'm a big eater.Comfort food Super Spin! Most dishes are just creative enough to be slightly surprising; always in a great way too! Small plates/tapas style dining is so fun! We tried so many dishes and loved every one. From $6 to $20-ish depending on the ingredients, one can assemble quite a tasting for oneself (or the table). We left full, happy, with cash left over and we even ordered a bottle of wine! The calamari is fabulous, the Mexican corn is crazy, the Brussel sprouts delicious and the lamb pasta spot on! All that for like $35 or so. This would have filled us up, but, we had to try the pineapple cornbread (yum), chicken thighs and pie! The only lackluster item for us was the lemon pie. It wasn't bad, but, when everything else is WOW!, it just wasn't special at all. I would have preferred to spend that $5 bucks on another  fabulously prepared savory number! Great choice for a group as every single person will be happy!
Loud! The restaurant is loud like Emeril the chef. Cool atmosphere, but, very boisterous! Cool bar too!Ambience no so perfect! Service is good. The food portion is perfectly measured. Servers are very responsive.
Some of the people that are working in the restaurant were not easily identifiable. Esp the managers and I was surprised that they help serve our food and they were in plain clothes. 
The kitchen is open and the great master chef was seen working. Our table wasn't directly located so that you could see the open kitchen. But we payed the same price! We only knew that he was there after we walk out the restaurant. It could have been perfect if we knew ahead of time. 
Food? I don't know what to make out of it. Wasn't able to say wow. Thank god we were able to drink opus one 2013 that made perfectGreat experience! My waiter was very good. My favorite starter was the boudin tamale. Rigatoni was exceptional. As was the Korean beef. I was laughing because we had an Indian influenced cauliflower, Asian influenced beef and Italian rigatoni and it didn't matter. All delicious!Yummy! We came here with no real plan and we were super happy that we did. We didn't have reservations but there happened to be one table left near the bar. Ordered the fries, cheese flatbread, fried chicken and Mexican corn. My moms gonna kill me if she sees I posted her pic lol  our waiter was nice but not super attentive but we'd go back for sure!We went there for brunch. First of all we come in and the place is largely empty. They put us in the back by one of the kitchen doors. We ask to perhaps be seated by a window but the woman said there a lot of big parties coming in so no. Then she said let us walk back to the front to see what is available. We said don't worry about it. When we left the tables we eyed were still empty. Then we ordered a Bloody Mary but no they were out at 11:45 AM. 
Then they told us no bread service. However they would be nice enough to sell us some flatbread. The salads (sugar peas and apple fennel) tasted like they were made the day before. I have had much better Korean short ribs on the Westbank for half the cost and they were co. The clams and linguine were so loaded with butter with maybe 6 clams. It just struck me as they need some adults to come in and provide guidance. When the waitress asked how it was she could see the disappointment on our faces but would not let it go so we had to tell her it wasn't good. Maybe it will get better with age.We thoroughly enjoyed Meril's.  My daughter had the meatball appetizer and said they were the best meatballs she had ever eaten.  She was a little less excited by the lasagna since she loves noodles and there was a shortage -- it was mostly meat and cheese.  I think this is a personal preference.  My redfish was great, cooked perfectly.  The sorbet at the end had bits of ice throughout which was disappointing.  
The highlight of the evening was the service.  Our server, Santi, was amazing.  He was personable and extremely effective at his craft -- five stars.A group of coworkers and I ordered a bunch of appetizers/small plates and everything was fresh and pretty good. My personal fave was the cornbread that had pineapple and bacon? Can't remember exactly what was in it but it was GOOD!Love the food, drinks, the atmosphere, and the menu. They have such an amazing variety to choose from. I highly recommend sitting at the food bar, and getting to know some of the kitchen staff. They are every friendly, and did an amazing job of helping us select dishes.