This place is a gem! From the staff, food & atmosphere. It has an Art Deco style taken straight of the 30's. Food was phenomenal & $15 bottomless mimosas! Win win! Our server was Andrew very friendly as was the rest of staff. I'll will definitely be back next time I'm in Nola! Oh and the view is so cool with the planes. Super unique!This is a hidden gem that I hope never gets discovered because I want it to stay exactly how it is and never change due to popularity. I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Rewind back to a couple of months ago when my boss said she was taking us to lunch, wouldn't tell us where we were going and then randomly pulls up to the lakefront airport. Puzzled, me and my co workers walked in not knowing what we were about to experience. 
Needless to say I've been back about 4-5 times since that initial visit. This food is good!! I'm telling u!!! I take all my out of town visitors as well as local friends here and everyone has loved it. I'm slowly making my way through the menu and have yet to be disappointed. Scroll through my pics to take a look. Side note, some of the best bread pudding in the city, if not, the best. Have I won u over yet lol? 
All in all, great food, great service every single time, and nice views if u sit in the room with the windows. I've come here with as many as 20 people, and I've come with just 2. Every single visit has been great.Awesome food, location and setting for a traditional New Orleans meal.  Excellent service and very well run. Don't miss it if you're at KNEW or even if you're not.Went here about a week ago during Fathers Day weekend. The atmosphere is cool, the restorations to the Lakefront Airport terminal are fabulous. Planes take off throughout the day it seemed which was good for the kids. The restaurant had tables set up in the main area for the terminal which I think was a special deal for FD weekend. 
The service was horrible. Unfortunately we had a large party so automatically paid gratuity, that's they only way I'd have dropped more than $1. 
My wife ordered a bottomless Bloody Mary. She had to get up and get it refilled because the waitress was also waiting on several other tables and the staff near the bar area stayed near the bar area. The food we ordered was good, so at least they have that going for them. I asked for a refill on a water near the end of the meal, which would have been the first refill, and what came back was lukewarm water with no ice. I get it, maybe the ice is out, but at least attempt to have the water run cold before you fill my glass.
In final, the service here is ridiculously bad, so despite the food being good, it's not so good that I'd want to go eat here again. The terminal is open to the public, so you can go look around and then go eat somewhere else. Dine at your own peril and frustration.Mediocre over-priced food. I am honestly surprise this place has such high reviews..There is nothing unique about the food they serve, especially for how much they charge. Also $3 for a small cup of community coffee is a big no. I had such high expectations and was so disappointed. However, I like the building. It's pretty cool! This review is about the breakfast food..Maybe the lunch menu is better?Pretty mediocre at best. SERVICE IS AWESOME! Yea that's the highlight. Place is unique and different. The food you can tell pre-made not very hot in heat. A little pricey also 87 bucks for a party of 3Sunday Brunch with a table for eight all drinking bottomless made for one hell of a meal.  We had Mimosas, Bellini's and Bloody Mary's. French Toast, Crabcakes, some with poached eggs and some without.  I don't remember to much other than that, but I had one good time.  We talked constantly and laughed out loud, drank some more, ordered more food and had one great Sunday Brunch.  The restaurant and the building its located in is so nice and retro in design.  Makes for a perfect setting.  Just go; you won't be disappointed.Decided to have a Christmas get-together, checked the website for times and menu. Got there and only one server no other customers, reduced menu. We stayed. Our order arrived , bacon was hard and cold, my biscuit was cold(as in butter stayed hard), one order in our party was not even right, steak and eggs on menu but no steak sauce for one of our party. Very disappointed. It takes less than 5 minutes to update a website. We could have gone to Shoney's and had a hot breakfast and higher quality than this. Very poor.This might be one of the best lunch specials in town, if you are willing to make the drive.
My dad and I stopped in here for a Friday lunch, after I had heard raves about it. The cafe itself is kind of hidden in the back of the terminal, but once we found it we were seated immediately. The first thing I really liked about the place was the amazing view of the tarmac (?) where all of the planes were coming and going. I'm just going to pretend I own a private plane and I was just grabbing lunch before jetting off to somewhere exotic in one of those adorable puddle jumpers.
On Fridays, the blue plate special is catfish served with cole slaw and french fries, so I decided to go with that. I also got a side of mac and cheese, because I have to test the mac and cheese wherever it happens to be available. The food came and I was blown away by how much they gave me- two big pieces of catfish, cole slaw and lots of fries all for $10. The catfish was really good and crispy, just how I like it. The cole slaw was excellent and the fries, more like potato circles, were crispy and yummy as well. The mac and cheese was just okay. It was penne pasta with cheese on it and, while I could tell it was made fresh, I wasn't blown away by it.
They have lunch specials every day Tuesday through Friday and they are all $10 and range from pork chops to meatloaf. Like I said, I am pretty sure this is one of the best lunch deals in town and I'd love to go back and try another one of their specials.Many years ago, hungry and tired, a group of friends and I stopped in to the "Sky Kitchen" -- the little cafe at the San Carlos (near San Francisco) airport -- and had one of the best breakfasts in memory.  Ever since that time, we've been huge, huge fans of the restaurants at small airports. And Messina's Runway Cafe was no exception.
After our flight, the Runway Cafe diner was closed, so we found our way back to the "Walnut Room", to a really impressive-looking restaurant overlooking the runways. Fresh white linen tablecloths draped the tables, the floor was buffed to a high polish, and the waitstaff treated you like you were their guests at a five-star hotel. 
This is NOT "airport food"
Our waitress recommended several items on the menu -- I wish I could remember them all, but they were all outstanding!  We had an extremely relaxing time, and a fabulous meal. We are looking forward to our next trip to New Orleans, and visiting the Runway Cafe again!Airport food.  This term is synonymous with average to subpar food at extreme to outrageous prices.  Not so for Messina's Cafe in the New Orleans Lakefront Airport. I've not found too many food options in this area but I notice a small sign every time I drive the terminal and after a morning sailing stopped by.  Such a wonderful Art Deco building with that crisp clean feeling and the view from the Walnut Room overlooks a flight line with a serious bunch of aircraft.  I started with a Bloody Mary which was like a meal in itself loaded with pickled beans olives, lime, lemon and a slice of bacon.  Delicious flavor and a generous pour. The shrimp and grits are excellent some of the best I've had in NOLA, but beware as they are spicy. The biscuit was hearty and huge!  Fun place to sip on a Bloody Mary or Mimosa (they have bottomless version) watch planes or the lake and get some serious food in ya. The only reason I did not rate this 5star is that both the drink and dinner I had were too salty.  Your plate and plane are waiting.My SO and I came here for lunch the other day because we wanted to check out the building.
Well, the building is pretty cool, nice atrium, nice views of all the little planes taking off and landing, and a couple of planes right next to the window where we ate.  Plus, we did some possible unauthorized exploring in the building, which was fun.
Now for the food part...
We got a crawfish pie to split to start.  It was pretty yummy (not as good as my crawfish pies, IMO; but still pretty damn good).  And they put a sauce on it that my SO absolutely loved.
For entrees, we both got burgers and went halfsies.  We got the Runway Burger, which was a typical burger with grilled onions and "Runway Sauce" - a kind of creole mustard horseradishy sauce.  Pretty good.  And we got the Hickory Burger, which had bacon, cheese, and their BBQ sauce - kinda tomatoey for a BBQ sauce, but I really enjoyed it, especially dipping my fries in it.
Oh! The Sidewinder fries.  They're like potato wedges, but cut in shapes that kinda resemble airplane propellers.  So that was a fun treat.
Also, the burgers come on pretzel buns!!!
The burgers were very good burgers - seasoned well and cooked how we asked.  The specialty sauces were very good, as were the fries.
My only knock is that it seemed to take a long time with only two other tables there.Wow
Atmosphere- they took the old terminal at the airport and renovated it like the 1950s. It looks so good. The restaurant has an amazing view of the taxi and runways. Lots of small personal planes coming and going. Everything was spotless. 
Staff - so clean and polite. Good energy. Knowledge of everything on the menu. Chef came around to see everyone. 
Food - I have only eaten breakfast so this will be about the breakfast food. Amazing!!!!  Breakfast crab cakes tasted better then any I have ever had. Make your own breakfast sandwich was so good. Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, and Peach Bellinis so so good. Everything about this was perfect.Really pretty art deco restaurant inside of the lakefront airport terminal... How fun! I hit up Messina's  for Sunday brunch at 10 AM because I had heard that it gets pretty crowded. My group of six was seated right away. I had the crabcakes Benedict, which was absolutely delicious. And don't even get me started on the Bloody Mary's. They were delicious, and a bargain at $16 for bottomless! The only issue was the ridiculously slow service. It took us 2 1/2 hours to have brunch. It took us almost 30 minutes to get our check after we asked for it. Our waitress went MIA on us. Hopefully they can get their service sped up and more efficient, because I could really see going here quite often.Wow! So glad we discovered this GEM. Who would 'uh think it? A restaurant of this quality located inside the newly refurbished Lakeside Art Deco airport terminal. Yeah, I know the Quarter is great, but been there done that. The Doolittle Omelette we split was devine.Hidden gem!!!! Food was amazing, service too! And the view! Definitely worth a trip to the lake! Best shrimp and grits I've had yet and reddish is to die for!Slooooooooooooooooooooooow.  From the standby cafe for drinks, to getting coffee, to getting our order taken. Everything took toooooo long. But, the restaurant manager did fill in and when we complained she offered 50% off. So, we are derogatory and complimentary at the same time. Went from 1 star to 2 1/2.This is most definitely one of the top airport cafés in the country! The staff is courteous and helpful, the atmosphere is superb (how could it not be being located in a beautiful 1930's art deco terminal) and the food is exactly what you would expect from Messina's, excellent. If you see anything that isn't on the menu they will do their best to meet your needs so be sure to ask. I just wish they are open for dinner.My fiancé and I were looking for breakfast somewhere away from the insanity of the French Quarter etc. but took a wrong exit from the freeway. Thinking there wouldn't be anything good where we were, we decided to try this place because Yelp said it was nearby and we were starving. And when the map took us into the airport we were very skeptical. But it was super classy and way more upscale than we thought it be but not expensive. Super friendly staff, flavorful coffee, delicious omelette and grits. Great hidden find!My girlfriends and I dined here for brunch about a week ago and it was better than I expected. For one thing, the food was amazing. I had the Wright Brothers omelette (added crab & mushrooms) and the flavors were everything. Not to mention, we all ordered bottomless mimosas and our glasses were never empty. Oh, and that's a credit to the excellent service we received from Andrew. I'm big on service when I dine out and believe me when I tell you that he made it an absolute experience for us. Definitely one of the better servers I've encountered.Absolutely perfect! Went for brunch this morning, drinks were fabulous,food was excellent,and service was fantastic! Best shrimp and grits I've ever had! Chef Leon came and spoke to us after our meal. On the pricey side but well worth it!!Best service ever! Great Bellinis, Mimosas, Bloody Marys. Great food! And to top things of an amazing view.Had a WONDERFUL experience.  Loved the place Nostalgic . Brings you back to the 40-50 
Check out the pay phone booths.I am a little bias about this place because it brings back some good memories. My Dad took me here many years ago to eat lunch and watch the planes come in. I also took my family here to do the same. Sunday I will be bringing my 4 yr old Granddaughter here for brunch as well. Since they have reopened I have been there twice for lunch. The service was awesome as well as the food. I had the blue plate specials for under 10 bucks. Once I try all the specials I will venture out to the rest of the menu. The first time I went at 12:30 for lunch. The front was packed and I did not want to sit in the back dining room so I waited 20 min or so for a table in the front. Once 1:30 came around the place was slow. They do not close until 3:00. So in the future I will go around 2:00. Last trip I had the smothered pork chops. The sides were perfect as well. The first time I tried the meatloaf. So good. The only negative I can say about this place is there is no background music. At least not the days I was there. It tends to let peoples conversations linger. Part of my business is background music so maybe no one else notices. I will be back here very often. Thanks to whoever reopened this place and kept it so nice as it used to be.Flew in on a Sunday for lunch.  We had BBQ shrimp and grits, and a Cheeseburger.  Both excellent, definitely a top 5 hamburger for sure.  My only regret is we didn't place Our bread pudding order before the kitchen closed down.  We will definitely be back.Everything was great !!!! My sister had been raving about this place and their food for the longest. Yesterday I finally got time in my schedule to go and try this awesome food that I heard about. Fried Chicken was fried to perfection. The baked macaroni were so good and cheesy. The greens tasted like they came from my grandmother. There was also a nice little cornbread muffin on the side which was also delectable. Service was awesome ! Great laid back atmosphere. The only exception was how small the table was. Overall 5 starsWhat took me so long?!!  How have I been a lover of Breakfast, lived here for 10 years now and never ever been here before?!
Picture this.....
Sunday....Katie's Birthday.....
where? Katie and I scan Yelp from our homes and phones and share a few places.  Hmmmm, we tried to schedule this one before, but it fell through for some reason or another.  Most brunch places, must have french toast and Eggs Benedict I have demanded in the past.
Decided. Messina's it was....
and since we are friends and Yelpers, we invite a few other Yelpers.....Oh lawd...hold on to your Belinis and Bloody's, a gaggle of NOLA Yelpers are gathering.
We had the bottomless Mimosa, Bloody Mary (and a damn fine one with all the fun junk!!!) and Belinis'....what a bargin! Eggs Benedicts, and crab cakes and potatoes and fruit and more drinking and laughing and chatting, about 25 convos going on at once and hands and plates offering bites and sips.....Although I didn't get a biscuit, I would say if you like traditional biscuits, these are some biggins....BUT if you like soft, then the sweet potato biscuit hands down was my ultra fav.
The staff was great, the management was interactive, the space, which was all decked out in christmas flare was beautiful.....(what?! and they split the checks .....everything was terrific)
Oh we had a great time. I sort of want to delete this review and keep this info just for me and my chosen guest, but that wouldnt be very hospital of me......so there you have it......I get to watch planes AND the food was amazing!
The Lindbergh omelette was the best I've ever had!  Crab and sauce... Oh man!
And the potatoes were covered with garlic butter or garlic something... Fantastic!  I want to come back more!Located inside the beautiful Art Deco airport building. 
I have to give the food 5 stars. The pork chop fell right off the bone. Done right!
The gumbo also gets high marks. 
Seriously, if you are anywhere near the University, this is a great lunch spot. I hope you enjoy as much as I did.I love this place. The first time I went it was for a surprise birthday brunch. The food was amazing. The wait staff was superb. What's there not to like. I went back for dinner and was equally amazed. However the highlight for me was their catering of a  wedding I went to was so good! I loved it. The boudin balls, fish, pasta, gumbo. I mean everything was delicious. I have since gone back several times & have the same experience every time. Chef Leon and the staff of Messina's know exactly what they are doing. If you are looking for a restaurant off the beaten path this is my go to recommendation. I love it!Great food,  superb service!  The food here was affordable and the venue is exquisite.  The planes sit in the background and the windows maker you feel like you're a vip. Gotta visit I'd you haven't!The breakfast honestly wasn't that great at all but it was Mother's Day so I will try it again and hope for the best. I was to dinner is good so will try that next time.Found this location because of YELP! Beautiful ambiance and decor. We ate in the rear with a full view of the airplane landing strip. Nice lighting. Food was absolutely delicious. Everything seasoned well. Server was a young lady who was very attentive.  Staff overall were welcoming and friendly. I would highly recommend this place and we only had breakfast. Prices were affordable!My husband decided to take us here for Sunday breakfast as a surprise. We have 2 little girls ages 3 1/2 and 20 months. I was sure to bring them things to keep them entertained and they were in great moods when we arrived. We were told we would have a 10 min wait to be seated. After about an hour I asked about how much longer it would be, and I was told they were waiting on 2 tables that had already paid to leave. We were offered a table without a view of the runway, but told it shouldn't be too much longer if we waited. We decided to wait because the experience of seeing the runway as we ate was the main reason we came, and my oldest was really looking forward to it. After an over 1 1/2 hour wait and 2 very hungry toddlers getting antsy we were called to our table just as we were about to leave. We waited about 15 mins before our order was taken and another 30 -45 mins before our food was served. Also,the highchair that we were given had broken straps and my 20 month old kept trying to climb out and kept slipping down. When our food arrived it was room temperature, greasy, and bland. They completely forgot to bring the bowl of fruit that was supposed to come with my child's order. (this was the one thing she kept asking for) We waited patiently for our waiter to return, but after quite some time I had to get up from the table and ask the man serving coffee if he could ask someone about it. He ended up bringing it to our table. Our waiter still was nowhere in sight. When he did come a while later he asked how everything was. At this point I was so frustrated and simply said "it is fine now." When he asked if something was wrong I explained part of the order was forgotten and his response was "oh, well things are crazy!" in a snarky tone and he quickly walked off. I also had to flag someone down for more coffee because they never came to refill.  I would have drank more if it hadn't been such a hassle to request it. (plus it was not very good anyway) We all devoured our food, not because we enjoyed it, but because after being there a total of over 3 hrs we were starving and it was well past lunch time. When my 20 month old at one point was fussy for a diaper change one kind waitress overheard me telling my husband that I did not know where to take her. She explained that they did not have any diaper changing tables, but if I went across the building and under the stairs there was a cleaner bathroom I could use. I was fortunate for this because the main bathroom in the hall I took my 3 year old to was disgusting and it did not even have locks on the doors. Before we left the waiter never checked to see if we needed anything else. He basically threw the bill on the table and walked off. This restaurant is NOT kid friendly at all.  In fact, they just aren't friendly period.  Besides one waitress, the rest of the staff seemed annoyed and complained about the restaurant being so busy. They certainly won't be getting our business anymore! They ruined what was supposed to be a nice fun surprise and turned it into a miserable experience.We found this gem via Yelp and took two of our granddaughters with us for a quick lunch before heading out for afternoon adventures. The service was excellent, the oyster artichoke soup was outstanding and my husband who is rarely impressed really enjoyed his cheese burger and fries. Better yet the granddaughters the chicken nuggets and fries were "the best ever!" All in all this choice was a winner!I know, New Orleans is a dining haven. But, who would expect a great restaurant tucked away in a regional airport. The space has a 30s art deco feel, consistent with the history of the building. Outstanding fried chicken. Attentive service. Trust the raves.Very disappointed although the restaurant and building are beautiful.  I ordered the pan grilled catfish, spinach and potatoes.   The fish was swimming in oil as well as the spinach.  My sister ordered the same and it was  worse than mine.  She told the waiter and he said he would bring chicken out to her and it never came.  The manager George came to the table and he seemed to think we were joking.  He could clearly see the oil on out plates and uneaten soggy fish.  Never had fish so badly cooked in all my 60 years of living in New Orleans.  He offered no solutions.  Nothing was taken off our bill.  Will not go back.Delicious omelettes and Pain Perdu. Bottom Bellini to top things off. Best breakfast ever.We stumbled upon this place after renting a car at the airport. We thought it would be nice to have breakfast at the lake. We saw a sign for Messina's Runway Cafe and thought we'd give it a try. First, the cafe (there appear to actually be three dining establishments in the premises) is a renovated art deco private air terminal with gorgeous murals and embellishments. Second, the menu is five star. I had the Shrimp and Grits which featured a creole sauce that is the best I've ever tasted. My wife had the Eggs Boudin and loved it. Our server was attentive and jovial. To top it off, there's a great view of private planes taxiing and landing. Even if you're staying in the French Quarter you should take a side trip to Messina's. It's well worth the trip.We ate breakfast here twice during our last New Orleans visits. Incredible coffee.. Lindburg omelet and biscuits all amazing too and everything has a very Frank Sinatra vibe while being updated and clean. Friendly staff and free wifi.Don't let the terminal fool you or intimidate you, Messinas Runway Cafe and Lounge is easily accessed through the main building and simply "to the left" down the hallway. The Café is essentially one large dining room aka The Walnut Room and has been around since the late 1920's. The terminal lobby reflects the many nuances of the Art Deco movement with geometric railings, aerospace inspired friezes, granite inlay flooring, and a gilded ceiling. It's no wonder their Instagram account boasts photos of banquets and weddings as it really is a great little gem out in The East.
For our luncheon this day we were served gumbo, almandine catfish or chicken with a mushroom Demi glacé . We concluded with the best darn cheesecake I've ever had and I really want to bring my boyfriend back for brunch as he is a big fan of planes, and this hot spot gets you close to all the action.
Service was warm, efficient and friendly. George waited on our party of 16 effortlessly delivering food and drinks. Our needs were met before we knew we needed them and that, is the hallmark of exceptional service.Poor service hurts the decent food and great atmosphere. Expect long waits for refills and server response. I blame management and not the servers themselves, bless their hearts.  I have eaten here several times and the food can also be inconsistent; sometimes great meals, sometimes barely warm food from waiting too long to be served at table, and one time I had a very overcooked (burned) Runway burger.  When you're visiting for a work lunch it's difficult to get in and out because table turnover is poor.  The atmosphere is unbelievable because the Terminal Building is gorgeous, but I'm here review the food.  I'll happily reevaluate again and hope for improvement in service.Four star for food. Service was horrible. We came to celebrate a friend birthday. We came in for noon and didn't leave until 2:30. We all ordered from the Coolinary menu except one person. We were a party of five and literally waited almost an hour for them to bring out two salad which should have been four salad. I didn't wanted to be rude and eat before anyone so I waited untill all the salad came out. When we notice they were not bringing out anymore salad, we had to catch one of the host/manager to get the other two salad out. If you notice the two salad picture I posted, you will see the difference of the presentation of the salad. We all got the same salad but the last two that they forgot to bring out has garnish. I mentioned it to the waiter but he didn't even reply and just dropped off the salary real quick. It was another long wait untill our main course came out. Throughout all this, not once someone check to refill our water or apologize for the long wait or explain what's the hold up. When I had to get the host/ manager attention, all he had to say was that because we got the grill chopped lamb , that was the reason for the long wait. I understand they were busy but a little communication would have been nice. Our main waiter was not seen untill the desserts came out. People who came after us were all done eating and leaving before we even got to our desserts! I place an order Togo and asked if it can be ready before we were done with our meals but it was not done so that was another long wait when we all just wanted to leave before the rain start coming down. With all that being said, we all really enjoyed our meal. I had the Shrimp Remy salad, Grill Lamb chop and bread pudding. The Shrimp Remy was light and tasty on buttered lettuce. The Grill Chopped Lamb is topped with pomegranate gastrique served with truffle mac & cheese and sauteed spinach. The Grill Chop was tender and well seasoned. The mac and cheese was so soft and creamy and delish. For dessert I got the white chocolate bread pudding it was a little too sweet but moist and good. If I ever come back, the Grill Chopped Lamp is a must have.Beautifully renovated. Ambience is enchanting! I had a grilled chicken sandwich that was perfectly seasoned and juicy. The fries were also a delicious surprise as they were unlike any fries I've ever had. The best part of lunch, however, was the DELICIOUSLY sweet and decadent bread pudding!!!! Holy cow....if you've never tried it, you are definitely missing out!Came for Sunday brunch with no reservation and was seated promptly at a window very nice table food was amazing service was exceptional this place is a hidden gym and has some of the most quality food in the city don't miss outSunday afternoon. First time dining here. The Runway cafe in the front of the building was closed and we were directed to the Walnut Room. 
I was not impressed with the environment nor the ambiance, and overall the food was a let down, especially for the prices. Ordered the Belgian waffle and it was soggy and came with no side except for bananas foster sauce, which I also didn't care for. My husband's Brabant potatoes were tasty and the corn and crab bisque soup was a hit. The setting was a nice touch because of the location, but the airport scenery isnt enough by itself to bring me back. My husband's crab cakes were also not authentic, so if you are an authentic crab cake lover, then skip the crab cakes here. Service was okay. I understand that it was brunch and they were busy, so I did appreciate being seated quickly. However, something about the ambiance in this place and one of the nearby servers was not at all welcoming to me. 
I do recommend the Brabant potatoes and corn and crab bisque soup - for me, To Go. 
I may give this place another try, one day, because I see the high reviews for the other breakfast items, and I would like to hopefully be able to update my review. With the Messina's brand behind it, I just have to make it clear that this was less than  expected.We had a very nice brunch at this place. It is alittle hard to find, but it is in a lakefront airport building called the Terminal. The crawfish etouffee' omelette was very good, the crab cakes Benedict was pretty good as well. The potatoes were amazing. We got a brie and crab omelette that was enjoyed also. The biscuit was not good and the cheese grits were average. We will most definitely be coming back, the lunch looked great. No wait and tons of parking.The owner denied our service dog. He even said he just doesn't care. Horrible owner who doesn't seem to care about his customer service .Brought my husband to the Father's day brunch and it was fantastic! I tried every single dish and each one was superb. The service was excellent . I can't say one bad thing about this establishment. They can expect to see me for every Mother's day and Father's day brunch from now on.Worth.Every.Penny!Messina's was recommended to my friend & I so we gave it a try & it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! We started off with some bottomless mimosas which were awesome. Our waiter was really good about making sure our glass was never empty. I ordered some fried green tomatoes which were really great because they were topped with shrimp and some remoulade sauce. The presentation of the fried green tomatoes was beautiful. I also ordered the shrimp and grits which were seasoned to perfection. I mean it was so good that I really wanted to lick the bowl, but I was in public so I didn't. You should definitely try this place!Must go for weekend brunch. Make sure the "Walnut Room" is open and ask for a table next to the window. The venue overlooks the airport, including 36L/18R (the main runway). Usually there is a lot of plane activity (everything from private jets to King Airs and small GA) that is fun to watch while eating. The food is great (highly recommend anything with eggs) and they have bottomless mimosas. The terminal has been very nicely restored to the "glory days" of aviation. Worth checking out at least once, we try to go at least twice / month.This hidden secret/Jewel is  located in the Lakefront airport and gives you views of the runway and lake but who cares!!! It's about the food!!! For starters I had a cup of gumbo which was file style full of meat and piping hot!!! The red bean soup was just ok. The fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp was an old school classic that will remind you of how your grandparents made them straight from the garden too the cast iron skillet too the plate.  Delicious.  The Tuesday special is the fried chicken which was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside with juicy meat on the inside.  You can tell it was made to order.  Now the bread pudding that is made too order and takes 15 minutes.  Well worth the wait, well worth the drive and well deserving of all the high marks from the other patrons.  It came out hot and sweet With a white chocolate sauce that made me want a second serving.  This restaurant may not be in the tourist area but if you have a car or your a local take the drive too this hidden jewel you WILL NOT be disappointed!!Came to Messinas for brunch my first time in New Orleans. The food was great and Andrew made the service even better. I would definitely recommend!I discovered that I never finished this review when I ate at the Runway again yesterday. Love the renovated airport, love the art deco diner. But both time I've eaten here, it was in the Walnut Room since that seems to be the thing on weekends. 
The menu selection is elevated diner and I've had omelets on both occassions. The first time the Lindberg (mmmm brie) and this time the Wright Brothers (although what they have to do with crawfish ettouffe...). The Ettouffee was a little tomato-ey for my taste but was still yummy. And I remember the Lindberg being delish. My nieces got a kid's pancake (huge!) and the shrimp & grits. Both were very happy.
Service is very personable and attentive. And the views of the planes and the runways are great. Definitely worth the drive across town for me.We really enjoy eating at FBO restaurants. This one does not disappoint! Staff was so helpful with our toddlers.  The étouffée and the crab cakes were delicious!  Also had the veggie sandwich which was a portobello mushroom. Fries were very good!Not very accomodating for vegans.... not able to make many substitutions.... I decided on water with lemon....(Three stars in order to post a message. Who knows how good or bad it is?)
Warning - despite what Yelp says, this restaurant is NOT OPEN on Mondays. As travelers, we were very disappointed to find it closed this morning.Love it! Every plate that comes out of the kitchen looks amazing! I had the veggie panini. Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to take my friends and family there for the great good and bottomless mimosas and BellinisI have had their gumbo at our Christmas parties before so I was excited when we won a gift certificate from a bridal show. I was not disappointed on the gumbo or the view...but the service was less than stellar. It was VERY slow. I had to ask for a refill. We ordered the fried green tomatoes without the shrimp because my fiancée and I are allergic and we received two small tomato slices for $10. The taste was horrible. No flavor and there was a hair under half of one the slices. My fork had dried food between the prongs. My fiancée  noticed a big hard blob of something on the outside of his salad bowl. We were looking at this as a possible wedding venue but with the service and the dirty dishes we would rather not. Only gave three stars for the gumbo and the setting.Beautiful environment, helpful staff, tasty food and decent prices. Worth the trip!I have kept planes in the next hangar over, off-and-on, since the 1960's.
After hearing raves, we decided to try today.
Décor very pleasing, wait staff very nice, & views great.
But, all three items we ordered were disappointing !
Burger, requested "a little less than medium" was raw.
"Buffalo oysters" were too peppered & vinegary.  ( I love peppers.)
Shrimp pasta had too much cream sauce.
Since everyone else still raves, we're gonna wait a while and try again.
RickI had Messina's white chocolate bread pudding for the first time, and now I don't know if I can ever eat bread pudding from anywhere else again. I have never had a dessert that was so perfect. I wish I could have taken a full pan home! 
The food at Messina's is good. The staff are PHENOMENAL! I'm not sure what type of training they go through, but they were just great. They were attentive, responded quickly, worked fast, and were very friendly. They are hard workers and added to my dining experience. 
I reserved space for a group of 20 people on a Sunday afternoon--prime brunch time--and everything went smoothly. Everything was prepared and set up nicely for us. The reservation process was super easy. I called the restaurant and spoke to Maggie--available M-F 9-5--and she quickly drafted a buffet menu and invoice. I hope to use the space again. I don't know if I can say this, BUTTTTT Messina's is FAR BETTER than Commander's Palace.This is my first time Danny at the restaurant. I've been before but it was for a private party. This Time the food was just ok. There was a private party in the back but in the front area it wasn't really packed. The waitress was nice. But when we needed something we had to wait a little bit. No one in my group was really impressed with the food...Try the bread pudding!!! Delicious! And their lunch specials pretty much the best deal around by the airport. Pork chops for 10$. Can't beat thatI was sceptical at first because it was at Lakefront Airport. I thought I would give it a try because I wanted to see the newly restored Airport. This place has absolutely incredible food. The gumbo is a cut above and on weekends they do a brunch. I like eggs hussard.
Make the trip...it's worth it.I have to admit, I was totally blown away with the Runway Cafe. We went for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon around 1:30. There where a few seats open at the counter, one larger table and one small 2 seat table left open. The interior of the cafe is clean, new, beautiful and inviting without being too much to take in. The menu is great and exactly what you'd expect at a modern american diner in New Orleans. Fried green tomatoes, crawfish pie, gumbo, 5 or 6 entree salads, poboys, burgers, and a few different pasta dishes. The breakfast menu looks equally good and we will be going back to try that menu as well. On the weekends they offer brunch so the breakfast is available the whole day. 
For lunch we ordered a fried green tomato appetizer, a Shushun burger and Layover  burger. The fried green tomatoes where served with homemade remoulade sauce and several shrimp on top. A++ for looks, taste, quantity and quality. Both burgers were absolutely delicious and we really liked the housemade sauces they came with. You could tell the burgers had been freshly pattied, and not over mixed. The seasoning on the meat was perfect and they were cooked perfectly. Also really loved the bun/ roll they used, it was just dense enough to really stand up to the thick burger without getting soggy or being tough. We also couldn't get enouhg of the side winder fries, they were awesome! 
If you are an art deco fan, you MUST go see the gorgeously restored Terminal and grab a bite at the Runway Cafe while you are there! If you are an aviation buff, go see this beautiful old airport and grab lunch at the cafe! If you are a fan of good food, go to:the Terminal and try Runway Cafe! Go, go, go!Great American, Cajun and salads! Breakfast was great, had the "Earhart" omelette with egg whites and oatmeal made in milk instead of water. Definitely coming back here on the next flight!My husband and I eat out at least once EVERY DAY, so it would be ridiculous to call us amateurs. The first time we are here was right at 11:00 AM last Thursday. Looking at the menu... Yay for me! Daily lunch specials!  Today's special was pork chops, smothered cabbage, Mac n cheese and cornbread. The chops just fell off of the bone, the gravy was infreakin'-credible and the cabbage was shredded and seasoned with a slight spicey kick to die for.  If the Mac n cheese literally MELTS in your mouth, nuff said!  And guess what?  It did. The hubby got chicken and sausage gumbo for an appetizer (shared a taste with me that left me speechless it was so good,) rich brown roux gravy overflowing with meat, and shrimp and angel hair pasta in a cream sauce so rich that it challenged him to eat the entire entree.  In other words, he accepted the challenge head on. We got white chocolate bread pudding for dessert--the BEST I have ever had. Add the kicker was the totally AB FABULOUS service we received with a smile and you have the perfect meal experience.  We decided to call our eat out partners and scheduled Sunday brunch the next Sunday.  Did not think to make reservations. When we arrived the place was packed!  The parking lot was full, totally unexpected, but this or the hour wait did not deter us!  We are pros and know that this is indicative of the great things that await us inside. For the second time we were not disappointed.  Once we were seated we got all giddy just seeing the menu. We planned on brunch, so we ended up getting the fries covered in brown gravy, cheese and green onions as a starter. Great choice!  Moving on, one had the crab cake Benedict, 2 of us had the omelet with etouffee sauce and the other had the shrimp and grits.  I also had one pancake. It was cooked just the way I like it, with the rim crunchy.  The potatoes they offer as a side are obnoxiously good, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just the right amount of Trinity to knock 'em up a notch.  Of course that was a ridiculous amount of food, but we brought home what was left PLUS that decadent bread pudding. Let me tell y'all... it was that chewy-crunchy texture that melts in your mouth.  I judge a restaurant on 2 things first: 1, the iced tea and 2, the server. Iced tea- perfection.  Server - very nice, genuinely 'loves their job" people. The food is second on my list, because if the server has an attitude and the iced tea is not great (points deducted if tea has to be ordered "sweet" -this is the South, after all.  Special order
"unsweet" if it is offered, but when I say "iced tea, extra lemon" it had better be sweet) my meal is ruined. So, as you can tell we were not impressed at all (KIDDING) and we are going back today! Planning on bringing leftovers home for Superbowl tonite!Awful! The food and decor reminded us of a cheap nursing home! Do not waste your time or money!Great improvement on service.  The past two meals were great.  The french fries cooked in clean oil and the service improved.  Still slow on some requests for refills on drinks but overall great experience.  Try their lunch specials.   The fried chicken and catfish specials are amazing.I was in a beautiful wedding at this location and it was spectacular! The food was amazing. Can I have another fried green tomato and shrimp slider, please? Or maybe the shrimp and grits? Yes, please, more.... Nom, nom, nom!!!! So good. I'll be back.So I have always been in love with this place from the first time that I went. The atmosphere was real different, there arent too many places in the city where you can eat, drink, and watch a plane take off. 
The seating is really comfortable, I would like for the tables to be a little bigger but hey you cant have it all. The staff very friendly, they are helpful with your food selections and there was a few times that I believe the head cook or maybe owner would come out and find out how everything was. There was only a few times that I went and they were either out of what I really wanted or they werent serving it that day. The bottomless mimosas are always delish and affordable as well. I have to say Im not a big egg person so the fact that I love their eggs says a lot. The bathroom is very spacious and clean all the time! All in all this is a good place to go whether its by yourself or if you want to go with friends or family you are sure to enjoy yourself.I'm going to give this a solid 4. I went in the recommendation of neighbors and was not disappointed. The main dining room did not appear staffed so I found my way to the bar and observation area where you could see the runways. It didn't really appear, to me, to really have any Art Deco design in this area. However, the staff was wonderfully attentive and it was fun to see the small number of landings/take offs.
The food was honestly better than I was expecting. Maybe the menu is more limited during the week. I had an omelette with Brie, mushroom, green peppers, chorizo sausage. I came with fried potatoes and toast. Also, they had a selection of hot teas. The omelette was quite large and very tasty. I still added some Tobasco sauce and a bit of Crystal, but it and the potatoes were nicely seasoned. 
I'm looking forward to coming back in the weekend to try that menu and sit in the main dining room. Again, staff were great, no rush. I like actually having table clothes and linens. There is a part of the restaurant when you first enter the airport that appears to be more "diner" looking. This was not that, but loved the view.Decor is fabulous. Cynthia, the waitress was friendly and sitting in the runway was cool. Food was delicious. We did breakfast..eggs were perfect, potatoes were to rave about. Definitely will return!!Awesome breakfast!  We are from out of town and we were surprised to see some groovy stuff on the menu. Service was absolutely delightful, the waitstaff is attentive and professional. Chef came out twice making sure the guests were happy, nice touch. The atmosphere brings it all together. Vintage old airport done in a modern bistro.I loved it here. This is at the old airport. Walking into the building is like stepping back in time. I literally got the chills. It looks like most everything has been left untouched. So cool. 
The restaurant itself is also old fashioned and had 40s music playing. You can sit looking out on the planes if you are able but there aren't a whole lot of tables in that area. We sat in the main dining room. I ordered the eggs boudin. I figured I had to try this since where else will I be able to order this? It was very good. 
Me being me, I sampled my friends cheese grits. Delicious! I also sampled her omelet. I'm not a fan of omelets but it was really good with crab meat in it. She had also gotten a biscuit which I tried as well. I think it was a sweet potato biscuit. I'm not a fan of biscuits but I loved that. I would definitely order one of those if I got the chance to come back. 
Definitely consider this cafe for breakfast if you are looking for somewhere to go.Great service. Bottomless mimosas. Delectable bread pudding. View of small planes on the runway taking off. The place has a vibe of stepping back in time. I would definitely recommend. It was a wonderful unexpected find.Who goes to an airport on purpose to eat a meal? My right hand raises as I say "I do"! New Orleans Lakefront airport was the original New Orleans airport before they built the other airport out in Kenner. This was the place when back in the 1930's and later you would go to catch a flight to take you somewhere else. 
When I lived here before Katrina the interior was dark and aged which gave it a lot of character. I loved the big compass on the floor pointing in all directions to different cities on this planet and their mileage from NO. They also still had the old wooden phone booths from the 1960's and before. The restaurant was still there with its excellent views of the airport runways. It served breakfast and for lunch had a small buffet. The food was ok but the scenery and views is why you would come here.
I returned for the first time after Katrina to eat last week for breakfast. The building interior has been brightened with much more light. The aviation murals on the walls have been restored and are simply beautiful and better than before Katrina. While the interior is more bright and more modern it still retains the charm of the past. The floor compass is still there but the old phone booths are gone. 
The restaurant is now called Messina's Runway Cafe. I arrived when they opened at 7:00 a.m. and was the first diner. The cafe consists of a large semi circular bar with tables outside of it along the large windows overlooking the airport runways. I sat at one of the window tables and ordered my breakfast of 2 eggs, cheese grits and ham. The food came out about 15 minutes later (see pic). It was as good as it looked. The eggs were very good, cheese grits excellent along with that big piece of ham. It was a solid breakfast that I really enjoyed. My table service was very good. In my opinion the food is better than it used to be. That's good.
What hasn't changed are the views. On the tarmac that morning was a US Air Force Gulfstream jet being used by a VIP getting ready to leave. Flight traffic that morning was light but in the past you can see many planes take off and land. Some of them will pull right up to the restaurant and park and the passengers will come in to eat.
Come see the beautifully restored interior. Come eat the very good food. Come and watch the planes. Parking is free. This is a tourist attraction that many visitors don't know about. For that matter, many residents don't know about it either. Now you do!This place is very unique the runway adds to the experience. the service is amazing and you should definitely comeStars...3 1/2 but app only allowed for 3. Went with GF for late Sunday brunch. The architecture is unreal...you are stepping back in time to the 1930's with all the decor and splendor. With badass murals on the wall as you walk into a huge foyer perfect for galas and parties. 
Service...meh. We ordered split plates with the gumbo, and fried green tomatoes. We waited for a good 20 mins and was worried that they were bringing the apps out with the crab cake eggs Benedict. We finally see the chef and informed him that we ordered apps before the entree...and he ran back to the kitchen. Two mins later, our appetizers came out. The fried Green tomatoes were delicious- perfect batter and the gumbo...was delish. The crab cakes came out next - they forgot to put the hollandaise sauce on the side which is a standard request for me. The sauce was "Meh" but the eggs were poached perfectly and the crab cakes - Yummy Yummy. I would definitely come back as the food was yummy and the decor cool.