This place is great! We live close by and eat here regularly. Pizza is always ready pretty quickly and tasty. It's the best we've found in the area so far. I definitely recommend!They give you a huge pizza if you get a large but you're certainly going to pay for it. I am a big fan of thin crust and so I was excited when I opened the box. I wish that the sausage was ground instead of sliced. It was all fresh and delicious.Pizza pizza pizza.  I have eaten delivery from Mid City twice and it is a solid addition to uptown pizza options.  The style is thin crust and the prices are solid given the size of the pizzas.  I ordered this week using Uber Eats and was a bit befuddled with the ordering system (obviously not a knock on the restaurant).  They have a cheese pizza, specialty pies, and a 5 topping special.  The 5 topping will only let you order with exactly 5 toppings, not less.  So instead of a pepperoni pizza I ended up with Supreme style mutli-topping job.  I belatedly realized that I needed to order a cheese and add pepperoni as an extra.  So for other lazy bums - that is a hot tip.  But once again - nothing to do with restaurant.  Pizza is definitely satisfying so I will be a repeat customer.Absolutely love this pizza place! This is my husband and I's go to! Their service is great and always super friendly. Fairly priced HUGE pizzas!  we have tried a few or the signature. Margarita is one of my favs!Love their wings.  Small pizza is big enough for 2 especially with an order of the wings. 
Delivery staff are super courteous.Wonderful pizza, a bit skimpy on sauce & toppings. I rate it as excellent because I know they will make this slight improvement. It would be also great if they would relocate by Truro /Prytania area. There's no good pizza in that area and folks would be able to run in , get a couple slices, or stop in to order & pick up. There is no parking at the current location. None at all. So forget stopping by to get a couple slices to go. New Orleans finally gets decent pizza & there's really no way to get it other than delivery. Unfortunate.Came into town for a football game and did not want to spend stadium prices. This place was delicious! Don't let the outside fool you, great pizza, good prices and great service!I ordered mozzarella sticks from them the other day, and was violently ill. It was the only thing I ate that day so they were definitely responsible. Dear god don't order from here unless you want to experience actual hell on earth.I've been here a handful of times. The pizza is ok but afterwards you will definitely feel sick. My wife and I have felt sick after eating the pizza numerous times. Also, don't show up early to get your pizza, otherwise they burn it to cook it so quickly. If you're in the move for good pizza I'd go to Cote Sud, Amici, or Ancorra.First-time customer. It was a pretty good mouth debut. I got a pair of large pizzas that more than satisfied myself and my group, and it's also good that I live close to this location. Reviews make it seem like repeated business won't disappoint, so I will be going back.Delicious!  First time trying tonight.  Great addition to the uptown pizza scene, especially after losing Slice on Magazine. Pizza like no where else in NOLA. Pepperoni was delicious and the favorite and the T-bird was great thin crust and lots of flavor. Large was a very inviting generous portion - could feed 4 with 2 big slices each.
We all agreed that it is our new favorite pizza and will be our new go to pizza.This is a local treasure! This pizza and wings are my favorite. They are very pleasant and provide good service.  This pizza is one of those good ones that still be good even after you warm it in the microwaveWe are here for Mardi Gras and staying close to this location. The staff was super friendly and so nice when I picked up the pizza. The pizza was amazing!!! We had the meaty one and a pepperoni. Large is huge. We had leftovers for breakfast. We will probably order again before we leave and eat the next time we are in townLove this pizza! We had a group of 8 people order from door dash for delivery, and the food was here within 30 minutes. Perfect cheese to sauce ratio and crispness of crust! I don't normally eat the crust on pizza, but I ate this one. Also, the slices are huge and who doesn't love a nice big slice of pizza?This is the best place for a late night craving.  It's right down the street and I don't even get the pizza.  For me the best is meatball sandwich with extra cheese and peppers and a side of their awesome chicken wings.  Watch out they have a kick and I love them!!!The best pizza in the city in my opinion! My fav. Huge, crunchy thin crust, great flavor! I get one every Friday night!This was the first and last time I will ever order from here. Calzone was completely burnt on the top and bottom. After picking off a majority of the dough, I was left with a soggy cheesy mess. Very disappointed and actually shocked that they would even send this out for delivery looking like this.This might be the best pizza in town and the more I have it the less of a debate there is. The 5 topping build your own is a really good deal for the price. The slices are pretty big and they are not stingy at all with the toppings. I haven't explored their custom pizzas yet but usually do different combinations of the 5 topping. Crust is great and perfect red sauce to cheese to crust ratio.Let's say you want just a pizza. Nothing fancy, not some regional specialty or trendy atmosphere, just a regular thin crust pizza. You could do a lot worse than this Mid-City outlet which has sprouted a location in a high-traffic area across from Tulane's sports venues.
In a pleasant development, they offer an "herbivore" special where you can pick any seven vegetable toppings. Mind you, it's only a mild savings on more vegetables than you really need, but it's good business because us herbivores like getting something special, and because it offers you a choice of toppings so you can get what you want. And as excessive as seven vegetables might seem, I tasted all of them-spinach, mushrooms, peppers, and so on-and they were fresh and delicious. A small pizza was ready when they said it would be, and I didn't finish it and would have to have been quite starving to do so.
It isn't a sit-down place, just the counter really. But when I don't feel like going through a lot of effort and just want a quick bite, I suspect this place will do well for me.Huge pizza and pretty darn tasty too. Outstanding customer service and friendly, speedy delivery. I ordered the 5 topping pizza and it was delish. The pizza was so big that we had it again for lunch the next day and still had one piece left over! Extra special bonus that they deliver to my area. This is going to be my go to pizza place!Great pizza! I've been here twice and haven't been disappointed. First had the BBQ Chicken pizza which was very good. Second time I went classic with a Pepperoni, and it was amazing. Pricing is a little higher that Papa Johns or Pizza Hut but less that other local chains like Theo's but the large is really big so you get your a lot for the money.  Pizza is NY style, so thin and huge slices. Great addition to the area, won't be back to Papa Johns as long as this is around.The bomb.com, the usurper, the essence of crescent, the flavor of the uncontrollable world -- both Mid City locations are worthy of these code of arms. Amazing pizza. Totally my style. At the Uptown location for pickup you usually will have to wait 20 before it's ready. Not bad for what you're getting. It's always hot and hasn't been sitting around. It's tastes fresh -- so fresh. For a large pie with a couple of toppings I'd say you're looking around $19-23? It's really worth it.Great service, great food, great times. Love it.the best. Rock and roll. Good time pizza vibes. Devil horns!The best pizza I've had in a LOOOONG time. Really fresh, flavorful, good-quality toppings on a perfect thin (but still substantive) crust with a rich marinara. I got the Fire Bird (pepperoni, hot sausage, herb roasted chicken, asparagus, roasted red peppers) and was not disappointed. The sweetness of the peppers and marinara balanced the heat from the hot sausage perfectly. And while I don't usually like chicken on pizza, this meat was juicy and flavorful. Also got the chicken parm sandwich, which was enjoyable - true comfort food.  
Their covid setup was exemplary, all workers masked with pickup at the door, hand sani available for after you sign your bill. 
I'll be back!Omg since going vegan I thought I was left to eating pizza that was both tasteless and without good texture. Mid City's vegan pizza is better than anything I've ever tried. Super friendly service as well. This place rocks!!!Can't necessarily tell it's open from the outside, but definitely a place to check out. Great food and great service.Best pizza in New Orleans ~ hands down. Ask for extra red sauce on the pizza and it's extra tasty :)!
So good !**UPDATE: it seems as though this may have been an isolated incIdent as someone from management did reach out and rectified the situation. I would be happy to try this place again and update my review after that.**
Calzone was completely burnt on the top and bottom. After picking off a majority of the dough, I was left with a soggy cheesy mess. Very disappointed and actually shocked that they would even send this out for delivery looking like thisThis pizza is good. No I don't want deep dish. No I don't want thin crust. I just want good pizza. So happy they moved to uptown.This is my go-to pizza place. I'm originally from the New York area and this is the closest I've gotten to pizza from home. I would've given 5 stars but there has been a lot of inconsistency the past month or two. We've gotten 3 or so pies that were burnt or just not up their regular standard. Still better than every place else I've tried.Decidedly my favorite pizza for its delicious, simple consistency. I love a good NY style pizza with a nice thin but not too crispy crust plus a perfect sauce and cheese balance. I'm a fan of the good old pepperoni. It's salty and meaty but not distracting from the just plain good pizza. Locations are quick and easy to pick up from and delivery is a life saver these days.When I order pizza, I like the classic, simple flavors. A good quality pepperoni pizza will do the trick- which is what I ordered from Mid City Uptown. They exceeded my expectations. This is the best pizza shop in New Orleans that I have tried so far. It had the perfect balance of saltiness and cheese. It also wasn't too oily. The pizza had a vibrant red color and smelled delicious. Overall, this was a slam dunk.
I can't comment on the location itself because I used UberEats. I will say, my delivery was supposed to take about an hour and we got the pizza within 45 minutes. Arriving early was definitely appreciated! #ThankYouThursday2021Very long wait, always past the time they tell you on the phone and if you order in person ooof best of luck to you. The pizza on the other hand is also not the best quality but I guess this is what you should expect from a place who probably makes most of its income from drunk college students next door (Tulane). Not the best not the worst so I feel like a 3 perfectly fits this pizza parlor.Very impressed! Finally we found a great pizza  place. Huge slices and absolutely delicious. Definitely recommend. We also got the wings but they were just okay. Fried with sauce on the side and quite salty, pass.Pizza is so solid, the salads are terrible. Do not ever order anything but pizza. The salads and sandwiches are no good.  Crisp caesar?Very good pizza spot. Easily my new favorite in town. We ordered two pies and they were both very good and delivered on time by a friendly driver. The price was right also. I think this has become my go-to now.Awesome place to order from! The pizza was HUGE and the cheese bread was so delicious. 
I recommend doing the 5 topping pizza and choose your own toppings. We topped ours with pepperoni, green peppers, tomatoes, spinach, and mushrooms. It was so delicious. The slices are huge, each slice is twice as big as your average pizza slice. The delivery experience was also great.This place has amazing pizza!! The pies are absolutely MASSIVE. They're worth the $17 price point. Definitely recommend!After staying pretty boring with our order at the Mid-City location, we recently branched out a bit with an Uptown to-go order and tried the Fire Bird (Pepperoni, Hot Sausage, Herb Roasted Chicken, Asparagus, Roasted Red Pepper). We were INCREDIBLY pleased. Pizza was hot, but not wreck-your-tomorrow hot and all ingredients were fresh. The pizza is HUGE so it's great for 2-3 people (what we were working with that night), plus the massive mozzarella sticks only added to the cheesy festivities. Just wish more slices were available, but maybe that's in the works.The pizza is definitely tasty, but pricy for what you get. This is the best pizza I have found so far in New Orleans, but limited options on the menu to have sides to go with it.I'm from NY and near me, this is the absolute best pizza I can find. Order the large because the small is really small and you're going to want more. If you love spicy, try the Firebird!Mid-City Pizza has vegan cheese options and I LOVE ordering from them! Very few vegan places deliver and even fewer good ol' fashion pizza places have vegan options AND deliver! Love this place and I hightly recommend it to all my vegan and no vegan friends alike!This used to be excellent pizza. We are from NY and had a difficult time finding decent pizza here in New Orleans (seriously, why is this so hard?). Pizza Delicious got it right, even The Boot has good pizza. MCP was good for a while but now its like every other pizza in town. Barely any cheese, bubbles all over, it's just wrong.Adorable staff and good deals, just got 3 triple pour mimosas and a pepperoni pizza for $29 so I'm feeling great!This review is for today :
-Ordered a margarita add pepperoni, end up with a cheese add pepperoni, like a kid pizza .  If you don't know how to take orders or change the phone or change the personnel. Came back home and it was too late . 
- the pizza wasn't cook enough. Crust was think and uncooked like a old dough.
Well I used to come quite often... I will go to Ancora instead , you really disappointed me today mid city Pizza.ARE THEY OPEN?
The windows at MCP are so dark that is impossible to tell if anyone is inside. This is particularly annoying because parking is so difficult. An "OPEN" sign seems a no-brainer.
YOU CAN PARK AT TED'S
That's odd. Usually old established diners do absolutely nothing to help out competing restaurants. But if you park in the space nearest MCP be careful not to scrape your trunk on the frostop pole.
314 PIE
The pizza is a good 20" in diameter (see pic) which means the surface area is a good 314 square inches or 314 bites. At $20 per pie that is a darn good deal at 6 cents each. But the thin crust gets soggy quickly and the marinara is flavorless.fucking delicious! the delivery was fast and efficient and the pizza was delicious... whole roasted garlic and such good mozarella. we love it!Update april 2019 : dough not cook , the pizza is in the oven to be able to cook . It was cooked past time we ordered.  VERY INCONSISTENT in the cooking time 
Update on September 2020 . They raised the prices sooo much , the margaritas end up at 28$ . I u derstand a raise but not a 6-7 $ . Sad 
This review is for today :
-Ordered a margarita add pepperoni, end up with a cheese add pepperoni, like a kid pizza .  If you don't know how to take orders or change the phone or change the personnel. Came back home and it was too late . 
- the pizza wasn't cook enough. Crust was think and uncooked like a old dough.
Well I used to come quite often... I will go to Ancora instead , you really disappointed me today mid city Pizza.good pizza + local place = pick up when the mood strikes
We liked the Tuesday special pizza of Taco pizza.  We like the location on Claiborne because its easy to grab and go.  Its not knock my socks off pizza but it fills that void inside of you for at least a week of pizza cravings.Somehow I have neglected to review MCP despite ordering from them regularly and buying a ton of pizzas as the main event of my birthday celebration back in February! Post-Covid, their delivery service has been a lifesaver because I crave pizza early and often, and usually don't feel like picking it up. Their pizza is consistently delicious- the crust is similar to NY pizza style, and the plain cheese is my go-to because its simplicity is perfection. I love how giant the pizza and the slices are. My hubs is a huge fan of their Caesar salad which also travels well on delivery. Thank you MCP for getting us through this crazy time and providing us comfort and meal solutions!When I want pizza from now on, there is no way I'm going to be able to order from anywhere else. I ordered a small drizzle pie and a large cheese pie and both were being placed in the box as I walked in. 4 stars for semi confusing parking, but will only ever go to this place for pizza, specifically for the largest drizzle I can buy. Ate the whole thing before i thought to take a photo. 
Hell yeahI really love the food here!!  High quality ingredients, and San Marzano tomatoes in the sauce, you must try the plain cheese and go from there.  Eat it all.Great Pizza. Very generous portion size for the large pizzas. If I could improve mid city pizza, I would recommend larger boxes so that the pizza doesn't fold in the box and a little more effort on the cheese bread, etcThis is a wonderful place. They accommodated our group of 36 on a Saturday night with just a few minutes' notice. They are very nice people and the pizza and salads are great. We had two people with major food allergies to milk, soy, etc. and they had no problem eating.Update april 2019 : dough not cook , the pizza is in the oven to be able to cook . It was cooked past time we ordered.  VERY INCONSISTENT in the cooking time 
This review is for today :
-Ordered a margarita add pepperoni, end up with a cheese add pepperoni, like a kid pizza .  If you don't know how to take orders or change the phone or change the personnel. Came back home and it was too late . 
- the pizza wasn't cook enough. Crust was think and uncooked like a old dough.
Well I used to come quite often... I will go to Ancora instead , you really disappointed me today mid city Pizza.On our first time to order we were impressed with the uniqie crust and delicious toppings! The chewy edge is over 1 inch high and forms an edge like a pie. Loved the caramalized onions with 2 other veggies.Great location and clearly a place for locals. Nothing catered to tourists, with great pizza. Prices were decent, but the portions were large and very filling. The service was not the best. The waiters were a bit rude and there was a water jug for free water that was empty half the time. Other than that, nice location and an enjoyable time. I'd recommend again.I'm from jersey so I'm always looking for a good slice. This pizza spot and Pizza Delicious are the only two I will recommend in New Orleans. Absolutely delicious!!I'll acknowledge that I'm a pizza snob - can't help it, New York City ruined me to anything but great pizza. This does the job. It's nothing I'd write home about, but it's perfectly fine. The bbq chicken pizza tastes good. Their crust isn't my favorite - it's thinner, and chewier than I'd like (but also crunchy in some parts). But like I said, it'll do the job.Was excited to find a Mid City pizza location in Uptown! It's pickup/delivery only, so keep that in mind. Pizza was great and they were friendly. Our pizza accidentally got switched with another and we realized after we drove off, but circled back and they corrected the problem. Think the wings are different from the other location, but other than that everything was in lockstep with the OG location.