Everyone was very nice and professional. They were a bit slammed but the service was still swift and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. 
Now for the food. I didn't go to the pop up when it was there, and I was very excited to eat the food. I am Filipino and I understand that everyone makes each signature Filipino dish differently. The food presentation was very good. But I would still encourage the chefs and the owner to punch up the menu; an issue I have with many asian restaurants in town is that they dilute the flavors that should be in the food. I had the lumpia shanghai [good stuffing but a bit limp in texture], chicken adobo [good portion size but needed to be marinated longer since the flavors of the sauce did not permeate the meat much], and milkfish [fried preparation and again, it needed more marinade flavor]. I can understand that Filipino flavors can be a love it or hate it thing and being a new restaurant, they're still figuring it all out. But if you are gonna have a Filipino restaurant, then make the unique flavors explode as they should. That's what makes Filipino food amazing. I will be back to try again - hoping I'll be wow-ed next time.great Filipino restaurant! was visiting NOLA for NYE and heard about Milkfish through some food blogs and had to add it to our list! i always look for filipino restaurants while traveling and try to support local spots as much as possible. happy to say this place was a great experience all around, you can feel that it's a family run place as soon as you step in. the service and hospitality are top notch! the food was delicious!! 
as some other reviewers noted, filipino food is regional and every family has their own take on national dishes. milkfish provides authentic tastes, it felt like my tita (auntie) was in the kitchen.
we decided to book a kamayan dinner (no plates or utensils, you eat with your hands) which is traditional/native filipino style and were served chicken adobo, bistec, lumpia (spring rolls), string beans, bicol (stew) and several types of rice (spam fried rice was our fave!), each bite was delectable. hailey (our lovely waitress) was so warm and friendly and gave us some history on the restaurant and her family, it was wonderful to hear about their story. 
this is a must visit! please do support and come by if you're in town or a local. filipino food doesn't get as much love as other asian cuisines which is unfortunate as it's a great mixture of several types of cuisine (chinese, spanish) and milkflish does it right!Our waiter was happy to explain each dish on their intimidating foreign menu. Great experience all around. The "Bicol Express" is the way to go.love it! I had the pancit and tasted the bistek. Both were great. I had had the Sisig before but the pork pancit is something i am HOOKED on. 
the wait to GET food is a little bit obnoxious.I ordered the lumpia starter and the adobo.  The lumpia was loosly wrapped and not much like authentic cuisine but flavors were spot on.  The pork adobo was perfectly cooked.Oh Milkfish, how I love you so. 
Really can't say enough good things about this place! From the handful of times I've dined here and the rather many times I've ordered takeout/delivery over the past year, I've always been so impressed with the incredible staff. They really want you to have the best dining experience you can have, and are excited to explain and answer any questions you have or offer suggestions. 
Great dining space, staff, drinks, and of course, appetizers, entrees, and deserts. And did you know they deliver? Because they deliver.Milkfish rules. Their specials are awesome, and I don't know anywhere else in New Orleans that serves dishes even remotely similar to theirs.4.25/5 homebound.
my review from when they were in the CBD: http://www.yelp.com/biz/milkfish-new-orleans-4?hrid=tmkCCB0ugvkgeTyUsn7_fw
their new space is awesome. i love the colors and the filipino-y things that are on the wall (trust, go to a filipino house, all kinds of shit on the wall). as far as the food, still loving it. the meats are rich (read: heart-stopping) just as they should be, and i am still very impressed that she offers some not-so-safe things like the bagoong fried rice. getting people to order shrimp-paste rice is brilliant. i mean, try it. it has such a deep, briny taste that you've probably never had before, then it's cut by that not-so-ripe mango - yum! 
the staff have always been helpful, and they are pretty knowledgeable about the dishes if you have any questions. though there's a lot of meat on the menu, they can make things vegetarian (maybe even vegan) for you! i do wish that the prices would calm down a bit, but i do understand that it takes a lot of work to prep filipino food, so i can see how it costs a bit much (mince all the veggies and roll a lumpia and you'll never question the price again). there's also a part of my tongue that wishes it tasted just a little more like my family would make it, but she's doing her thing and it's still delicious. 
hangover cure: tosilog
with a beer: bagoong fried rice with lechon kawaliFirst time here. Everything we ordered was delicious. A couple of things were not available from the menu, otherwise it was a good experience.BLUF:  I have been here three times and I think I am done.  Food is good but just not good enough.  
Food is pretty good but service is pretty bad.  They are nice but just not very good at their jobs. It is kinda weird.  Place is really loud.  If they could get their service sorted out I might go back but at this point I just dont think the food is good enough to keep me from getting in a sour mood from the service.  
Got the fried pork skins for an app and it was really good.  Got the adobo the last time i was there.  It was fine but not very exciting.  my lady got some other dish that was much better than mine.  
They only have 2 beers on tap and brought me the wrong one.  Then never offered another when i finished it.  
I just dont like this place as much as I want to.I enjoyed this restaurant and I will be back again, but I only have one word for their food - SALTY. This place has left me drinking a gallon of water after each visit. That's the style and if you're in the mood for this kind of food, then it's your place. You know what I'm trying to say right? Like, there are days you wake up and you're like, "I would really love some crawfish right now." Or, "Heck yea! It's Tuesday! I want some Tacos!"
Well, if you ever wake up and say, "Oh yea, I'm in the mood for some salty ass fired rice!" then come by! By the way, compared to Hibichi fried rice, this is delish. Try the one with Spam in it. Pretty cool!This is a great funky little place. We were in New Orleans for the first time, and had already hit up Costco, so we needed some lunch. Milkfish is about a mile away.
Neither of us had ever had Filipino food before, and it was so good! The lumpia with banana ketchup - YUM! My husband had a fried rice dish with crispy beef bits in it, and I had chicken adobo. My chicken needed some spice, but luckily they had brought an assortment of sauces to our table, so I was able to add some kick.
Service was excellent. Bathroom was clean. Whether you've had Filipino food or not, give this place a try!i am so sad to see this place go :0( wonderful food and wonderful service. hopefully, they can make it back one dayMilkfish was fun and colorful but loud--don't go here for a first date on a busy night if you care about being able to talk to the person across from you. The server was very friendly and helpful, and the food was tasty. I had the Pancit Malabon, and my wife had the Kare-Kare, and both were great. We also had some ceviche and some spring rolls (the sauce for the spring rolls was wonderful--would anyone care if I ordered a cup of it as a beverage?) The restaurant is currently BYOB, but keep checking on that because there is a nice bar which seems destined to start churning out cocktails in the near future. Next time, I will take a bottle of wine for the table, order something more exotic, and communicate with my wife via smiles and eyebrow movements.The food here is Friggin Amazing!!!
I grew up in San Diego and was surrounded by Filipino food.  I can honestly say that the food I had at Milkfish is up there with some of the best I have ever had.
My first visit was approx 2 weeks ago.  My wife and I ordered the Shanghai lumpia, pork belly, Spam fried rice (don't roll your eyes at this until you try it), pancit, and the bistek.
Everything was fantastic.  However, I must warn you that the food here is heavy and filling.  Please do not go here unless you are hungry and ready to eat.  
We will def be going here again.  Hands down, a great experience.The praise heaped upon Milkfish by Yelp reviewers is completely justified. Granted, I've never had Filipino food before, but this stuff seemed top notch. We came in for lunch and started with the lumpia (a kind of egg roll) with banana catsup (a kind of sweet hot sauce) which was delicious. I then mistakenly received the tailsilog (fried pig tails) lunch portion which was excellent, but what I really wanted was the tosilog (fried pork) which was better. 
One criticism I'm compelled to point out is that there is a weird long narrow hallway at the front door which runs along the side of the dining room. It's weird in that, at first, you kind of feel like you may have walked in the wrong door. There are also tables alongside the wall in the hallway, which I sincerely hope they don't seat people at. Don't worry though, if you see this when you walk in, you've come to the right place. Enjoy.I'm from California, and on my visit to New Orleans I had a craving for Filipino food. I took a streetcar here and when I walked inside I instantly loved the ambiance and decor! I'm used to Filipino food being served "turo-turo" style, but this was the first time I had Filipino food cooked gourmet. I selected my meal via the tapas menu. I got a kare kare slider, crab fat fried rice, and lechon kawali. I had 2 Pinay sangrias as well. Price came out to ~$25 which I found reasonable, as the food is being prepped and presented in a more new-agey, mod, gourmet type of way which was refreshing and sets the standard that this is not your typical Filipino restaurant. I was served by the owner/head chef's niece Brooke, as well as her fiancé. Brooke was so friendly and kept me company and it was nice to chat, especially as I was traveling alone. And the owner's fiancé was so knowledgable about Filipino culture and the history of Filipinos and the shrimping industry in the area. It was nice to see and hear from folks who have respect for the culture and its food. Also my first time seeing folks who weren't Filipino behind the counter of a Filipino restaurant! So that was kinda cool to witness haha. Next time I'm in NOLA, definitely stopping by to see what Milkfish has cooked up!Folks... I left here beyond smiling and was about to just donate everything I had on the street just to relieve my high, seriously.
I'm a big fan off my first visit to Milkfish which was originally the alternative to going to Dante's Kitchen, because as I was heading to Dante's I saw the name Milkfish and I'm a sucker for mangled names so I decided to look it up first via yelp and was convinced to pay a visit.
The decor and atmosphere felt pretty right, odd in a good way like it didn't fit but right. Our server was Andrew who was cool as hell and understood the menu and there was another server who showed that same energy and was cool so with the fresh art that was post, and service, that's an automatic 5 stars.
Why I gave my review 4 stars is because we waited a bit long for the drinks but understood the reason why and they were adapting but I still had to dock a star. The drinks will sneak up on you and tasted healthy so don't be fooled folks.
Alas the food, nicely presented and although they lack on chicken dishes which is the main meat type I eat, the Chicken Adobo was a "high" seriously!! I had it slightly altered with an egg and garlic rice. If I wasn't with a girl, I would've killed it all in one sitting. The sauce was to die for, the chicken was juicy, and the rice was just right... mind you, I don't rice a lot, well rarely. I'm sure to go back for the same dish soon and luckily they have a bar area.
All in all, a major thumbs up and a great introduction to Filipino food.First of all I would like to LOL(laugh at loud) to all the people thats been giving this place 4-5 stars.. this place is a joke.. nothing authentic about this place even the cook and the servers(that can hardly pronounce some of the dishes)..
We ordered bagoong fried rice which was ok.   The pork sisig with liver tasted like a left over from yesterday's lunch, the pork was hard to chew. The milkfish and bicol express were the tasty ones but it still lack of authenticity...
Last but not the least we ordered the famous filipino dessert Halo halo.. I would say the most expensive halo halo that I have had in my life and it is also the worst ever.. please stop serving this because its putting shame to us filipinos!!
The food was overall too pricey for such a mediocre filipino food.
New orleans needs to open another filipino restaurant(an authentic one please!)Update: (10/08/14)
Back again. Same server, which is awesome because he remembered us!! Absolutely charming and hospitable, as expected! Original review was 4 stars, they definitely got the full 5 this time. Surpassed previous expectations and established a firm place in my top fav restaurants in NOLA. 
--
Food was excellent, but the best part was the service. I believe our server's name was Randy(/ie?). He was prompt, courteous, and professional, as well as a service industry ninja. Which, if you're not aware, is a good thing. He took great care of us and was quick to anticipate and meet our every need. Would return, even if the ceviche wasn't as delicious as it was (which it totally was. Nom!)Everything on the menu is soooo delicious. Congrats on opening a permanent spot! Loved the pop up but glad you can make a space of your own! Will return again and again.I've never tried authentic Philippine food, but I loved it! We got the spam fried rice, chicken adobo, & beef pactin bihon. Our server was kind & very informative. I def recommend this place! Unfortunately, we didn't get any dessert. I rated this place a 4 because we had a bit of flies around us but the food def makes up for it!Very athuntic. We got about 8 of the dishes and shared them. I would recommend doing that. tell the waitress what you like and she'll fill the bill. 
The floor was sticky for some reason.I used to go to this place when it was in the Marigny- just tried the new location and it's still one of my faves. Flavorful and unusual dishes- if you have an adventurous spirit, you can't go wrong.
Ps. They are paintings of the Phillipines. You're welcome.MilkFish is the ONLY Filipino restaurant in the City and has the best menu!  The Chef and their staff is always so friendly!  The ambiance is great with any mood you're looking for.  Their menu does grow and change and of course, that is because they listen and take high consideration from their patrons.  MilkFish is like my second home.  My home away from home.  I frequent every weekend and most times rather than rarely, you can find me there twice a week;-)  #MilkFish #PinoyFood #YummyInMyTummy #KareKare #BagoongFriedRice #HaloHaloThis place is amazing. You leave feeling very satisfied.  Great staff and delicious food. I would recommend the pork adobo for your first time going.  But try everything!  Don't shy away from the spam dishes either. You will be pleasantly surprised.I will begin this review with a disclaimer that I have lived in San Diego for the last 10 years and have experienced amazing Filipino food. It was this experience I was hoping to recapture when I discovered Milkfish. However, I was severely disappointed. This restaurant needs more aunties in the kitchen. The server couldn't pronounce the dishes and the kitchen didn't prepare them.  It would have been ok if you could walk away saying,"at least it tastes good", even if it's not the right flavor but that wasn't the case.  So sad because this is the only "Filipino" food in Nola.Authentic, no nonsense pinoy food! Pork adobo for all who are not familiar to filipino cuisine.Had the chicken adobo, sisig, and lechon. The chicken adobo probably isn't what you think. It's a chicken leg with a lot of soupy rice in a bangin sauce- not really an adobo rub or anything. The sisig is pork face and chicken livers (gross!) which is more of a rub and is served with rice and a fried egg. The lechon is 5 pieces of pork belly marinated in vinegar. This stuff is delicious, but the chicken adobo was also really good. The sisig was my least favorite and I wouldn't order it again. The prices are very reasonable and the entrees are really big so you may have some leftovers. Definitely going back.Awful experience Saturday night.....never got to the Food. Waited in a corridor (with no air conditioning) when there was 4-5 tables empty. Brought into the main dining room, after a 45 minute wait (still 4 or 5 tables empty) and was not given menus and could not get the attention of a single waiter. Complained to the manager, who also didnt appear to give a rats ass.... after i asked for my bill ( 2 drinks WE bought  at the bar) after being there an hour! The manager wrote up the Bill, ,charged me $16.00 for a beer and a mixed drink and never in any way apologized...WoW!  The Front of the house is going to kill this place.fabulous food, funky atmosphere, and good service!!!
Yes, they have alcohol!!! My red wine from Portugal was delicious and fairly priced.
We shared garlic rice( real yummy and garlicky:)), the house soup with milkfish in it( delightful) and vegetable lumpia.
We are quite familiar with the cuisine. This is the real deal!!!
We highly recommend a visit.I had dinner at Milkfish last night and highly recommend it! We started with two superb cocktails (names escape me): one was a jackfruit old fashioned garnished with an excellent brandy-soaked cherry, and the other was a ginger-infused gin cocktail, which was perfectly refreshing.
Our starter was the lechon kawali--perfectly lush and succulent. The skin of the pork, however, was crisp but delightfully chewy, which was a perfect counterpoint to the pork belly.
We ordered the chicken adobo, but our fantastic waiter, Randy, let us know that you can get it with both the chicken and the pork on request. We did, and Milkfish's version of this most typical Filipino dish was perfect. Everything was in balance: the vinegar was present but did not overwhelm, which allowed the garlic, the soy sauce, and the natural flavors of the pork and chicken to shine through.
Our other main was the sisig, and if you like the odd bits, this dish is for you. As with the adobo, all the flavors were in perfect balance. In this case, the pork face and chicken liver were expertly cooked, and their unique flavors were complemented by the garlic, a nice background heat from the chili, and an almost undefinable note of citrus from the calamansi. Once you mixed the yolk from the fried egg served on top into the pork and chicken, all the flavors melded together wonderfully. And if that's not enough, the garlic-fried rice served on the side could easily be a standalone dish. It was delicious!
Head to Milkfish; you will not be disappointed. And if you're lucky, Randy will take care of you. He's definitely one of the nicest waiters I've encountered in New Orleans!The Good:
Pretty, warm space with nice lighting.
Friendly staff.
BYOB with no corkage fee.
Certificates available on Restaurant.com
Great Mid City location.
The Bad:
The food is just o.k.  There's no other way to put it.  My dining companion and I both felt the same way about it...underwhelmed. 
To start, we shared the appetizer tray.  Nothing on it wowed us.  The failures on it were...the pork belly, which was undercooked, making it chewy instead of crispy...and the pig tail. It was hard and chewy.  The lumpia was good.  
For our entree, we shared the combination chicken and pork adobo.  The chicken and ribs were cooked perfectly, but I found the entire dish to be too salty.  This was served with jasmine rice.  The rice was undercooked.  
I REALLY wanted to love Milkfish.  I love that chef Christina started as a pop up and found her way to her own place.  I love the addition to Mid City.  But I just wasn't in love with it after experiencing the food...and this was after a bottle of proseco.  
I doubt I'll find myself back at Milkfish with so many other options right down the street.I really can't say enough good things about Milkfish. I'd twice had lunch there shortly after they opened last year, and was blown away by the delicate interplay of strong flavors, the creativity and span of their menu, and the wealth of knowledge about Filipino cuisine the front-of-house staff was eager to share with me. When my family came to town on short notice over the holidays, I wanted to give them a memorable dinner, and Milkfish was on my short list of restaurants. As I expected, they loved it, and couldn't stop talking about the place for the duration of their visit.
The staff at Milkfish are very clearly passionate about the culinary niche they're carving in Midcity. The service is as warm and seasoned as the entrees. (They happily accommodated all seven of us on a busy Saturday night, and didn't flinch at any of our eccentricities.) And when you get down to brass tacks, it's a spectacular value.
If you love food, you owe it to yourself to pay Milkfish a visit.It was good as a pop-up restaurant and equally good in its permanent location in mid-city. I went with a friend who gave up pork because she thinks pigs have "kind eyes" or something. But this menu is about 90% pork! I don't much care for the taste of pork either, but we were able to find one chicken dish (the Chicken Adobo) and one steak dish (the Bizteca) that were both terrific. Mine was the beef dish and the flavors were great, but it was a little cold by the time I got it. 
There was one large waiter who looked overwhelmed at all times even though he had no reason to be. It was not very busy. Twice he asked us to repeat our order. And he took a looooong time to do anything and everything. 
Dessert was the Halo-Halo, a big mug of crushed ice with beans, gelatin, coconut shavings and ice cream or sherbet. Easily serves two people, but not my cup of tea. It reminded me of Vietnamese desserts.
I'll be back as there is nothing else like this in New Orleans and I trust that the service will improve.Better than yo mama cookin'!
If you see anyone holding a spoon in their right hand, and fork in their left hand; they were raised by a Filipina. Feel free to ask them anything regarding the food. We are friendly people that love to brag about our food! I always order the Lumpia as an appetizer. These are how eggrolls are supposed to be! Not the tiny Shanghai teasers, I'm talking full size baby! It would be a sin not to try Lechon! That is our unique way of eating pig! The meat is juicy and tender, with a crisp layer of skin on the outside. I prefer it just the way it is, in its own natural juices. But feel free to dip in in our own "brown" sauce, meant for Lechon! I also have to recommend the Sinagang! Its our tarty savory soup with pork rib and veggies. Cristina makes her own tamarind paste from scratch!!! Can't find this flavor anywhere folks!!
Lastly, desserts are the best!! Save room in your tummy for dessert!! I prefer Halo Halo (shaved ice with fruit, jello, condensed milk) with a scoop of Ube (purple yam) ice cream and a slice of Lecheflan (custard cake). This is my preference since its the way I was brought up to eat it. I usually order 2 desserts to create this perfection. So worth it!!!Lahpet Pop-up Review: Had the House Curried Fish Rice Plate and Ginger Fried Rice. Out of the two I'd recommend the Curried Fish full of flavor. Def stop by for quick lunch.My first time eating at a real Filipino restaurant and I was blown away. The people are great and the food is even better. I will be returning soon.I finally had a chance to visit Milkfish yesterday. I was planning to stop at a Rouses on my way home, and I figured I could eat somewhere in Mid City, then go to the Rouses on N Carrollton.
It was pretty early when I walked in. 5:30, I think. It looked like someone was picking up an order and I was the only one dining in. Since I wasn't with anyone, I opted to sit at the bar.
Oh, did I mention that everyone was super friendly from the moment they noticed me?
I don't know if it was cuz I was at the bar, but I had constant attention from the super nice guy behind the bar, whose name I probably should have asked, to be polite, but didn't cuz I was so focused on eating.
I said I was having a hard time deciding because it was my first time there and he gave me a bunch of suggestions, but I ended up going with Adobo anyway. I probably should have just not wasted his time.
The Adobo though. SO DELICIOUS. I got the pork, as my anemic self always needs more red meat. I thought about picking up the bones, but the meat fell off the bones as soon as I put my fork and knife on it, so I could pretend like I was cultured.
The nice server offered sauces and I asked for sriracha but I didn't need any of it.
I started to get full about 2/3 of the way through the plate, but I ate it all anyway. It was so good. It had been a long time since I last had adobo.
The visit to Milkfish actually inspired me to look up a recipe and I was pleased to find that I had almost all the ingredients at home. When I did go to the store after my meal, I bought some chicken thighs, and went home and made my own chicken adobo.
And now, I can go back to Milkfish and try other things instead of only ordering the delicious adobo!I had an eggroll and the milkfish and unfortunately I just didn't like anything I ate here.  I was told my fish would be smothered in a sauce with shrimp and I got exactly one shrimp.  I found lunch here to be extremely over priced with the food just not to my liking and it is probably the first time I've ever eaten a fish dish I didn't like.  I don't eat pork and most things here are very pork centric so maybe that's what I'm missing here.  The space and service were all nice but unfortunately it just seems the food here is not for me.Lots of hype because it's the only Filipino restaurant around. The food is good but really nothing special. They used pork ribs for the adobo, $13. Generally it's shoulder, tenderloin, or my favorite pork belly.
They also smothered the rice with sauce. It was too much for me. So I asked for some extra rice, $2.
Overall, it's not a bad place to eat. I'll come back if the mood strikes.Ok...so I have never thought about trying Filipino food before but damn is it good! For starters, this place seems a tad bit scary when you first walk in. There is a long hallway with tables and you don't really know if your going into a murderer's basement or a restaurant. But once our very helpful and friendly waiter seated us at one of the two booths in front of the window, I felt better about the place. They even had live music being played which was lovely. Our waiter went into great detail about the menu and gave us a little history on the place. He was awesome! I went with something that didn't sound to abnormal: the bistek. It was delish! It is like peppered beef. I have to say the rice they give you with it is excellent. It is like a garlicky rice...so good! And it is paired with a small salad! The only negative about the meal was the portion size. The menu is pricey and they do not give you much for the money (fyi I spent 20 bucks). Usually I have tons of leftovers because I don't usually eat much but all I had was some leftover rice. But this is a place you definitely need to splurge on! Don't let price get you down! Next time I go, I will have to try something out my comfort zone.This place is amazing!  I was very impressed with the venue,decor, and of course the delicious food!  It's a little gem, that you must try. We had 6 different dishes, and every flavor was so different and everything was fresh and unique. My favorite was the spam fried rice, im taking my daughter back next week :)I always wondered what a Filipino restaurant would be like.... What would they serve? Would it catch on? I'm half Pinay half white guy and in 31 years I've yet to run across a Filipino restaurant in America until now. I'm impressed and extremely happy I can go somewhere for Sinigang without driving across the state to my mom's or making it myself. The Spam fried rice brings back memories and the adobo is great (a little sweeter than I make it but still delicious). The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is comfortably hip. Milkfish will definitely be one of my go-to's from now on.If you like thai  food run to Milkfish! 4 stars because service as a whole was exceptional! Food was either to greasy If fried and entrees too salty. I won't be going back but wish the staff and restaurant well...just not my thing.So my only prior experience with Filipino food was in Northern California at some local place WITH a Filipina girl. She loved it, so I assumed that it was authentic and that I'd add another culture's cuisine to my growing list. I am open-minded. Well, that place reeked of oil and the food was covered in it. Nothing about it was even remotely interesting. So, when my new boyfriend suggested Milkfish for our first date in December 2014, after learning that I love ethnic foods and had not been there, I not-so-politely turned it down. Well, after reading about it in an article this week, I decided that I had to give Filipino food one more chance. And DAMN! I am so glad that I did! 
We began with the Spam Fried Rice with an egg on top. I only wish that there was two eggs, as I love the runny yolk to mix perfectly with my rice. It is quite a large portion, so the two of us shared it. We also ordered the Pulutan, which is the appetizer combo, which offered items that we may not have ordered a whole plate of, but certainly wanted to try. This included a crispy fried pig tail (which my beau put a hurting on and I wasn't as interested in, until I realized that I had ordered the Oxtail dish, so I tried it [it was yummy, I admit]), BBQ Chicken on a skewer, Lumpia (a delightful pork filled, yet light egg roll), Lumpia Shanghai (an even lighter thin like a cigarette egg roll), they were out of the Pork Belly (super sad face), so they substituted it for dried/fried Milkfish head and tail, which I promptly ate all of, since my boyfriend's face turned up after the first "fishy" taste (LOL! Jokes on him! It was AWESOME!). This dish also came with three dipping sauces. 1) a soy with canamansi (lime-like), 2) banana ketchup (YUMMY!), and 3) vinegar (excellent pairing!).
I ordered the Hare Hare, which was three pieces of an oxtail stewed in peanut butter (not obvious) with bagoong (shrimp paste), eggplant, bok choy, and long beans (green beans) [all vegetables were al dente perfect, but not enough were served], and a tasty white rice. This was excellent.
He ordered the Bicol Express [rocked my world!]. This is pork sautéed with chili, onion, garlic, & shrimp paste then simmered in coconut milk, served with garlic rice. This was so delicious that I believe I took at least four bites of it, and felt a pang of jealousy that I had not ordered it. Although it says that it was garlic rice, I think it was coconut rice. It was so rich and decadent, but you have to be a coconut lover (which I am) to appreciate it. 
And finally, Dane was the epitome of a knowledgable, kind, and helpful server. He was able to answer my pointed questions with grace and expertise. He is an asset to this establishment. I explained my California experience to him and he promptly suggested, so expertly, that many Filipino restaurants are run by "home-cooks" that may cook for their families quite well, but may not possess the finesse and skill of serving for large quantities of people and keep the complexities of the dish intact. (mind-blown) I believe that he may have hit the nail on the head.
I cannot wait to return! And I cannot wait to bring my father, because I think he is going to love it too! Thank you to Chef Christina Quackenbush for bringing a spectacular example of Filipino food to New Orleans (and for turning me out!).My favorite neighborhood restaurant, hands down. I've been a fan of Chef Christina & Milkfish when it was a pop-up, and ecstatic since it's opened a full service restaurant in my neck of the woods in Mid-City. From my first visit during opening week to every visit since, the flavors are spot-on and the folks who work here are some of the nicest folks in town. Do yourself a favor and order the kare kare, but fair warning, once you do you may never get anything else on the menu. Excellent food, service and atmosphere - win, win, win!Milkfish introduced me filipino food, and I've never looked back since then. There's no other cuisine with all of the flavors that can be found in filipino cuisine. While everything at this restaurant is amazing, my personal favorites are the lumpia (think of them as skinny egg rolls, with more meat), the bagoong fried rice (tangy flavors in this are the jam), and the kare kare (oxtail curry). The servers are fantastic, and the chef is always kind and welcomes talking to the customers, and sharing more about her food and background. Definitely a favorite of mine in NOLA.Mid-City Filipino cuisine.
It has an odd layout. You walk in and its a corridor with some tables and then you get past the corridor and it opens up to the rest of the restaurant. Why not knock out that wall and get rid of that weird corridor?
Tables and booths.
We sat in a booth by the window and the booth is pretty broken in. They had a cocktail list, beer, and wine. The menu had Filipino Cuisine staples and they also offered specials of the day. Service was good and the food was good to okay.. I didn't eat it and feel nostalgia or comfort. The cocktails were creative and good as well. 
I think it's good for locals to have. Being a visitor, I'd rather go somewhere else.I was in the area and thought I'd check out this Filipino Restaurant in NOLA. Upon coming in nobody was in the front and we sat ourselves after asking the server whom I believed is the chef/owner's husband. 
The menu was decent.. it had a good variety of traditional Filipino dishes with the end of the menu having vegetarian options. For our order we did family style and got four different plates:  Lechon Kawali, Spam Fried Rice, Bistek, and Pancit Bihon. The server never brought out LUMPIA SHANGHAI which we ordered which was a disappointment. We opted to not say anything, however we clearly included it with the order. He was really good at refilling our water which was cool, but he was more on the mysterious, introverted quiet side. 
Also when the chef/owner Cristina walked by to step outside for a bit and we clearly made eye contact and said hello and she clearly blew us off and ignored us which was an awkward impression!?.. You would think most owners/chefs to be friendlier or have that Southern Hospitality!!
LECHON KAWALI: This was tasty after drizzling lime and the sauce it comes with.. however very small for the amount you pay, and little meat, mostly just fat 
SPAM FRIED RICE: This was filled with lots TOMATOES vs SPAM, but seriously where was the spam at? It was super tiny bits I guess because I didn't really see or taste it which was a bummer. It tasted good despite the missing SPAM pieces and a nice touch was the over-easy egg.
BISTEK: The bistek was delicious and came with plenty of white rice, I didn't really taste the garlic fried part of it though, it had decorate green onions on top. The meat was only a few pieces for how much it cost, tasty, but not enough. 
PANCIT BIHON: The pancit bihon tasted decent and we ordered 2 skewers of chicken with it. The chicken tasted good although small again. The pancit bihon was turned up a notch with the lemon which I drizzled on top. 
At other places you can get your money's worth and more with generous amount and great quality. This place lacked that as it was too pricey, the taste could have been better it wasn't authentic at all, and the was service mediocre.This funky little spot has the ability to one day trend mid-city New Orleans! The food was fabulous and the serious was amazing. They got 4 stars only for a few minor glitches. 
Atmosphere - sub par! The benches had rips and holes in it. It was also decorated awkwardly. The smell was not so pleasant.
Service - our waiter was so knowledgeable and his suggestions helped us to really make great selections. However, we asked for lemon for our water and he brought it out with his bare hands.... Kinda gross! 
Food - I cannot remember specific names and the waiter never brought back the menu for me to take a picture :-/ but all of the dishes were great. I had a steak dish with caramelized onions that was amazing. My steak was tough, but it was still quite tasty. My friend had a pig face and chicken liver dish. That was interesting, but really delish. 
In all, I'll try it again and I'd recommend it to others.Great food!! The only reason this doesn't get higher is the portion sizes for the price. I got the sisig (pork face, chicken liver, fried rice) and it was delicious. I was expecting more for $14 though. Definitely come for the drinks too. I had a watermelon Mojito... Then I had another watermelon Mojito. The bartenders definitely know what they're doing. I wish I could've given them a 5... But again, portion size.I am so happy that milkfish opened in mid city. Had the pancit and blood stew. Amazing!My expectations were pretty high when my sister told me of a Filipino restaurant in New Orleans, especially when I perused the online menu and saw that they served my all time favorite dish of peanut butter oxtail stew (kare-kare to us natives.)
So we made the trek to Carrollton, not a bad ride from New Orleans proper, and headed to Milkfish on our last night in the city. We ordered the spring rolls (lumpia shanghai) and crispy pork belly (lechon kawali) appetizers, and both were excellent. Sister excitedly ordered the shrimp paste fried rice and I ordered the peanut butter stew. 
This I think is where the problem (for us) came in. The Philippines has different types of shrimp paste (one dark red, a little bit sweeter, and another which is bright pink, which is definitely brinier and more on the salty side.) The shrimp paste fried rice my sister had was made with the sweeter bagoong  mixed into it (we preferred the salty shrimp paste) and so was the kare kare. I was disappointed to discover that the shrimp paste was already mixed into my dish (it's traditionally served as a condiment on the side, to add as much or as little as you want with each bite.) Ordering some shrimp paste on the side to be able to eat it the way I like to added a small fee (not a problem) but it was also the dark red shrimp paste (which is a problem, for me.) That is a personal preference though so some people may be okay with that. 
That being said, I had ordered some fried rice with tocino  (cured sweetened pork) and egg for my flight the next day, and I enjoyed that thoroughly. The fried rice was great, and the tocino sweet, though not lacquered overly much (this could be because I was eating it the next day, though.)
The dining area was small but cozy. The decor was simple and I especially appreciated the explanation on the menu about the Philippines and its dishes. I wasn't quite sure if the server was just new or completely clueless about Filipino food, but she was not good. Forgetting one thing is understandable during busy hours, but when we got there we were the only diners there for quite a bit, and she forgot a lot of things. We were constantly having to remind her of the condiments that we were missing, etc. 
Would I come back here again? Absolutely. I have never once missed the chance to eat at any Filipino restaurant and seeing one anywhere fills me with more  joy than I could express. Will I be ordering any of their shrimp paste based dishes? Probably not. I will continue to hope that aforementioned server would be a little bit better when we go back.I came here randomly with my sister because I just moved in down the street. I was incredibly pleasantly surprised. The server was incredibly knowledgable and was excited to tell us all about Filipino food since it was our first time there. I wish I remember the name of the dish but it was a noodle and vegetable dish that came with your choice of meat. I got pork... It was incredible. Easily one of the best meals I've had in a long time. I will be back!!Wonderful! I stayed in New Orleans for a year and I cannot believe I would find Filipino food here! The food is great and really tastes Filipino. The service is great too!I think our waiter (Randy) deserves 5 stars all for himself. I seriously think he might be the best waiter I've ever had. He was engaging, informative, conversational....everything you want in a waiter!
Moving on, I have never eaten Filipino food before and seriously did not know what to expect, but I wanted to try something new so Milkfish it was.
Upon arriving, you have to go down this sketchy hallway to get to the restaurant. Once I got into the actual restaurant, I was pleased to be greeted with live music! Definitely something you don't see at most restaurants. I'm not sure if this is a regular thing or if it was just something they do on a particular day, but it was nice.
Ok so now the food! Because I never had Filipino food before, Randy, our waiter, took his time out to explain the dishes and what his personal favorites were. I was really skeptical since most of the food is not in your typical American cuisine....I believe one dish had blood in it ::shudders::
Anyway, I decided on the Bicol Express, and I believe my sister got the Bistek. The Bicol Express is a pork dish. Randy would not tell me what it actually was because he was afraid I would change my mind, but I believe it was pork liver, which I actually like. I can tell you, don't be afraid to try this dish, even if you are not a fan of liver. It seriously was DELICIOUS!!!!!!! It had a slight liver taste, but the seasoning and sauces really made the dish. And the rice! AMAZING. The Bistek was also really good, but I enjoyed mine a lot more.
I just can't wait to come back because this food was just way too good!I had lunch here on Sunday with a friend. We shared an appetizer of some crispy, finger-sized rolls with a house-made sweet and sour sauce. My friend doesn't eat pork but the very friendly and helpful waiter said it wouldn't be a problem to make the rolls with a meat substitute instead. Those were delicious. We both got the Chicken Adobo. This proved to be an enormous portion. I think there was about 1/2 a chicken on each plate along with the rice, gravy, and green beans. It was really yummy. The gravy was flavorful and the chicken was very tender.I love Filipino food I started dating a Filipino a few months ago so we have it all the time. This place was really good. We got there and served right away and explained the menu by the waitress. We ordered and our food came out very quickly.They got some phillipino-specific dishes. Their souses are very good. Nice attitude. Good prices. The have an extensive veggie menu.My first time having Filipino food. I thought it was delicious. The small plates were a great way to try a little bit of everything.It seems like this former pop-up wasn't quite ready for primetime.  It started with the creepy hallway to get into the restaurant and then a host that was on the phone and didn't acknowledge us until he got off the phone.  We were then asked to sit near the bar while he checked to see if he had a table(10 tables in the whole place, really).  We obliged and found a dining room full of kitchen exhaust(eye burning kitchen exhaust)  After sitting for a grand total of about 2 mins, we were escorted to our table 10 feet away that had been clear and ready since we walked in.  Then we sat for 10 minutes while a chaotic 3 person service team ignored us.  Then a 4th server came bounding in the front door breathless about how it took her 15 minutes to park.  So far not so good.  The tardy server finally came to our table about 5 minutes after her arrival to ask"Has any one come over here yet?"  Ummm.....no.  
At this point the dining room started to clear of smoke, we got our "Mocktails" and things started to look up.  But not for long.  We were the only table in the dining room without food and our apps took 20 minutes.  When they arrived my dish was placed in front of me and I was told "That's weird, this usually comes with watermelon pickles."  I began to eat a dish that was very rich and a bit greasy.  I had gotten to about the last 3 bites when a small dish of amazing watermelon pickles arrived.  Once combined with the last three bites of my dish it was completely transformed from greasy and meh, to wow.  Too little too late.  My wife had a soup that was good and had a very tasty broth.
Dishes are cleared and the decibel level went to near ubearable with the addition of a not very loud but enthusiastic 6 top.  Apparently every one else in the dining room was speaking as quietly as we were because after this group, who wasn't unreasonable arrived, the room became deafening.
Entrees came and were well presented but too greasy to really be enjoyed.
We waited 10 minutes for someone to come ask about our already completed meals.  We asked for the check which took another 10 minutes, and quizzically came on a hand written order pad, but then after putting a credit card down to pay it was returned with a very professional looking receipt from a Square payment system that detailed the entire check.
We left smelling like grease and kitchen exhaust.  Swing and a miss.The best part about eating at Milkfish is you are right across the street from Angelo Brocato gelati, where you can indulge and forget your sorrows from an exceptionally bad meal. I say exceptional because after eating out at a new place with my dining partner, virtually every week since we met about 8 months ago, Milkfish takes the gold medal at the wrong end of the spectrum. 
We began with the appetizer sampler. It was an array of fried foods and a chicken skewer was thrown in there for good measure. The first bite of spring roll went down quickly and satisfactorily because we waited 30-40 minutes before the appetizer arrived. Not even the mediocre cocktail would keep us adequately distracted for that long. There were chunks of pork belly that were first roasted and then deep-fried to theoretically make them crispy. Perhaps if it had been properly roasted first, to the point that the connective tissue had broken down and enough of the excess fat had rendered out, then the method of flash-frying would have worked the way they wanted. Nope! Since they didn't, we contended with blocks of gooey, gristley, un-crispy (despite the characterization on the menu) fatty pork belly--fat in more of a gelatin consistency than melt-in-your-mouth. Add that we weren't supplied knives, and we wrestled to eat these chewy chunks that were twice the size of a sushi roll. 
Believe it or not, the pork bell was NOT the most inedible item on the appetizer platter. The crispy pork tail, a mélange of jiggly fat and spine-like vertebrae with little bits of dry, flavorless meat stuck inside. I felt like I was trying to harvest the meat out of the legs of a lobster, except in that case, I would have also had a tail and claws that were full of meat. Add to this that the platter, presumably to be shared, came with only one of these undesirable culinary "frustrators," and it was an $18 platter. Because of the unlikelihood that a restaurant will fail so miserably at preparing some items, but excel at others, I will spare you discussion of the rest of the platter items.
Milkfish continued its trend of serving inedible food items with the entrees. My dining partner astutely described the "Pancit Malabon" as a less-flavorful Pad Thai, and that was too kind. The dish came garnished with a fried fish head and tail. The body, containing all of the meat, was mysteriously absent. As I searched through the head, I found morsels of parched meat next to the shriveled eye, sunken into its socket. I felt more like a tenant of a dungeon than a patron paying $20 for this dish.
I ordered the mix of pork face meat and sautéed chicken livers, topped with a sunny-side up egg, and served with garlic fried rice. My first reaction was the portion was too small. After the first bite, I realized it would be more than enough. The pork was likely belly again, as it was pieces with layers of meat, then fat, and of course, the fat was undesirably jiggly. Do you know what happens when you overcook chicken livers, or any liver for that matter? Aside from becoming generally disgusting, they get tough, the texture turns gritty, and they taste like they were marinated alongside rusty metal. I suppose the sunny-side up egg could act as a moistening binder, aww, but beside the yolk was a pool of undercooked egg white. Undercooked egg whites are reminiscent of two things, the "better" of which is colorless phlegm. On to the rice...If you describe rice as "fried," there should be some evidence that it was, in fact, fried. This rice was neither fried, nor garlic-flavored. 
I was starving when I went to Milkfish, but I left about 95% of my entrée on the plate. It was an instance in which I could not physically stomach the food served to me. After tax and tip, we were $70 deep. Milkfish twisted the knife it didn't serve us with our food.Eek! Methinks not.
Awful experience on Xmas day 2015.  Not going to visit or eat there ever again.  I really hope future customers will have better luck.
Strike one: Guest usher at Milkfish was rude and disrespectful towards us.  We were their first set of guests on Xmas day.  We received horrendous customer service. 
Strike two:  venue was cold.  Maybe an hour later, after overhearing many guests complain about how cold it was, Milkfish team changed the AC setting and it was much better.
Strike three:  Service was slow.  Only one waiter was working.  She was giving it her best effort. 
Strike four: did not enjoy what we ate here. One other reviewer said it best "Milkfish stabbed and twisted the knife it didn't serve us with our food."
- did not enjoy Milkfish Kinilaw ( ceviche with fresh fish marinated in vinegar, chili, mango, ginger and coconut milk).  Ours had zero coconut milk.  They may have forgotten or had none.
- did not enjoy Milkfish Sisig.  First, it was not hot.  Second, it was incomplete per menu (Pork face and chicken livers sautéed with onion, garlic, chili and calamansi. Served with garlic fried rice & sunny egg.)  What was served to us did not have any chicken livers and sunny egg.  It looked like, tasted like small blocks of gooey, gristley, mélange of jiggly, very fatty pork fat in a gelatin consistency.   the Pork fat was undesirably jiggly. Third, this dish was supposed to be served using a sizzling hot plate.  It's best served hot.
What was good, great, excellent?  
- Calamansi juice ( Tastes like a lemonade-limeade hybrid)
- Sinigang even though it had scarce veggies, not every item listed was present (Tamarind soup with spinach, bok choy, daikon, long beans & okra.)  Ours had no Okra, long beans.
Best decision we made was opting not to eat dessert here, instead went to Cafe Adelaide where we indulged in Dark Chocolate Toffee Cake, drinks and forget our Milkfish sorrows.
We may have just been unfortunate customers and it's probably going to be excellent for different customers.Kare Kare is awesome. Tons of meat. Falls off the bone. Love the garlic rice that comes with it
Not a huge fan of the pancit malabon. Not enough topping to mix into the noodles. 
Love the halo halo. Finally a good place to get some filipino more sno cone. 
Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menuWe went there for a last minute lunch.  We had the pulutan appetizer platter, which was solid, though not much meat on the crispy pig tail.  We also had the sisig and diniguan entrees, which were both beautiful and delicious.  The diniguan came on a very narrow plate and seemed a little disjointed, with the sweet muffins in the middle of the plate.  The coconut rice was fantastic.  Staff was friendly and service was fast, as we were one of two tables.  Will be back to try the milkfish.Wonderful little shop serving food from the Philippines. The menu features some items that you will not understand but try them all, you will thank me. The tastes are a roller coaster ride of flavor from the meats to the perfect veggies. The price is the best part as must dishes come in around $12. I will definitely be back.This place was good, but ultimately unmemorable. 
We ordered the fried pig tails, spam fried rice, and the lumpia. They were all pretty good, though the pig tails were pretty fatty (not surprising I guess). Spam fried rice was tasty, but c'mon it's fried rice with salty pork products. 
Entrees were dinuguan (blood stew), sisig (pork face), and pinkabet (pork and shrimp with veggies). They were all good, but like I said before, unmemorable. Calling the dinuguan "stew" is a little misleading, because people probably think they will be eating straight up blood soup, but it's more like a saucy stir fry mixed with rice. It came with a yummy coconut cake however! 
I tried both the sisig and the pinkabet, which were both good, but I honestly can't remember any distinctive flavors in the dishes. I want a restaurant that offers something so good that I will crave it and want to come back for more. Milkfish just didn't do that for me. 
My friend had a cocktail that she said was ok, then she ordered another one (for some reason) and the waitress forgot to bring it, which was fine because it wasn't on the bill and she was over it anyway.
Opted not to order dessert because we were right across the street from Angelo Brocato, which we know is delicious, and we didn't feel like taking any chances. 
Overall, decent, but now that I've crossed it off my to-try list, I see no reason to come back.Unfortunately you shouldn't come here if you've had Filipino food in the past. Not surprsingly the food tasted like the flavors were toned down and created to fit a non-ethnic palate. I would not come here again. I had high hopes for this place based on the reviews and pictures.Cozy little restaurant that we checked out based off of reviews and I was pleasantly surprised.  The first thing you notice is the decor which is very interesting but the service was great from the second we walked in.  The gentleman serving us was knowledgeable and very helpful in terms of recommendations.  We shared the Lumpia and I ordered the Bistek for my entree and I personally thought that I had the best dish out of all my friends.  Would consider checking this place out again if I was in the area.Hrmm.. I love Filipino food, but when i came here. It really threw me off. I ordered the spam and rice. And it wasn't so good. I could make better at home.  The ceviche was okay. But everything else i had was horrible.. Lupia was good of course. Kinda hard to mess that up. But this place wasnt for me.the waiters are so personal and give the best advice on what to order. I feel like I'm talking amongst friends when I am there getting service. the food is excellent, well prepared, and the presentation is outstanding. 5 stars for milkfishSo I was suppose to eat my favorite Italian place across the street but they were closed. The tatoo parlor next door suggested me to try this place. It was great try the blood stew with pork. Great flavor! Went back across the street to thank the tatoo guy!Lunch was great. Markus the afternoon bartender/server provided great recommendations and had a good knowledge of the menu. Great first visit and looking forward to returning!Got the milkfish and bisteak. Liked the flavors of both. Had an awesome server, can't wait to go back., sad the byob is ending.Great food and friendly service - ordered a cervice salad and great shrimp noddle dish very tasty although unusual very fresh tasting and a fun meal.I have been wanting to go to milkfish for sometime. When I looked online at the menu it seemed to me this was the type of place that you would plan a date for. It wasn't until last night that I went with my friend, and found the place to be completely different than how I had perceived. In fact, Milkfish is very approachable, very casual and very easy to access if you are unfamiliar with Asian cuisine. Our server was very friendly and very informative and help us narrow down our choices. I have A feeling that I will be back again and again to try all the items listed on the menu. Another surprising factor for me with last night's experience, is that the price point is much lower than I had previously thought. I'm not sure if that's because the menu has recently been revamped or redone but for an appetizer and entrée and a glass of wine it only set me back $23 pre-tip. Can't beat a great deal, plus enough leftovers for lunch the next day!Some of the food is a little different from what I'm used to, but I've found a lot of things I really like here. The ox tail is super delicious, and definitely what I'm getting next time I go. Both kinds of lumpia are wonderful, and are served with banana ketchup. I enjoyed the blood stew much more than I expected to. Spam fried rice is superb. If I could change one thing, I'd add spam musubi to the menu.So yummy! Finally a place with real, delicious, auntie-made lumpia! The adobo was amazing, and the pig tail was melt-in-your-mouth fantastic!  I can't wait to go back and try all the other amazing-sounding things on the menu. Seriously, one of the best meals I've had in a while.This is tough because I've been here three times now and had some things here that I've loved but too many dishes that were not good at all.  
I've tried pretty much all the appetizers. The regular eggrolls tasted watery to me, kinda gross. But the Shanghai eggrolls, long and skinny, are very good. Pork belly is always delicious but this version paled in comparison to the awesome pig tails. Crispy skin, fatty meat, dipped in a vinegar sauce, OMG. The ceviche is also great.  Don't knock Spam til you try it, I scoffed when my friend ordered it but it was fantastic.
I thought I'd love the Kare Kare because 1)oxtail and 2)peanut butter. Sounds great, right? So underwhelming. The blood stew, although super tasty, had really tough meat.  Those little puto muffins served with it are everything though. The dish billed as a Filipino breakfast was good, nice to see the vinegar salad on the side because this food is HEAVY y'all. Tamarind soup with bok choy and okra was delightfully sour. I was really excited about my entree, milkfish in coconut milk with fermented shrimp paste and spicy cabbage. The first bite made me actually angry, that's how bad it was.  Tasted more like coconut cream than milk, it was sweet and had zero seasoning. If you like sweet, creamy, bland as hell food, you might like this. I had to order another pig tail to make up for that travesty.
For dessert, we had an ultra creamy and dense flan, which I loved. We also got the Halo Halo. There's a lot going on in that and some was good (the ube ice cream!!) and some did not speak to me (the icy coconut milk, which had the consistency of freezer-burned ice cream) but it's an interesting dessert and worth trying. If you're not a dessert person, you should order their condensed milk iced coffee with Kahlua and coffee gummies for a real treat. I'll definitely be back, but I'll be very careful about what I order.
Love the staff!