All of my close friends rave about Milk Bar; however, I had really only had their sandwiches when catered and a milk shake on occasion. I will say that the chocolate milk shake is one of the top 3 best shakes I've ever had, so if you're looking for a reaaaalllly good shake, then head over to this place. 
In regards to sandwiches, like I said, I had previously only had them catered and was not a fan. Non of the sandwich combos grabbed me and when catered, the cheese isn't warm and the bread isn't quite as good. When I finally got on in-store, I ordered the Clooney's Choice, a fan favorite, and quite enjoyed it. The bread was delicious and the cheese perfectly melted, but I think I would have liked it more if it was with turkey instead of chicken. 
Overall, I'm a fan; however, will be choosing some of my other favorite sandwich places over Milk Bar in the future.I didn't know about this place until my sister's friend at Loyola suggested that we go here. And I'm glad she did because I really like it.
Actually I liked my sister's sandwich more than my own. The Shrimply the Best. Sauteed shrimp with pesto in a sandwich? Yes, please! I ordered the Wolf Me Down, which was good, but I felt that the lamb lacked flavor. But it's okay because I know what I'm going to order the next time I'm at Milk Bar.
The milkshakes are also really good, but I don't have as much of a sweet tooth as I used to before, so I'll just stick to stealing some of my sister's.I absolutely love this place. My favorite is the Clooney sandwich. They make them fresh right when you order.  I order it every time because it is that good!! if i'm looking to eat an amazing sandwich this comes to mind. The hot Delicious bread they use is so fresh. Throw a little crystal sauce and you wont be disappointed!Best sandwiches in all of NOLA! Highly recommend clooneys choice or chicken parm. Salads are delicious as well!GREAT SANDWICHES. AND MILKSHAKES. I like the Occidental Oriental sandwich the best. MMM. It has chicken and peanut sauce and bean sprouts and is SOOO GOOD. The Mocha Madness and Banana milkshakes are also so delish. I was kind of upset with the new location as I found the sandwiches smaller than the original location, but it was still really good.Love this place! I wish they'd open one in California so we could go here more often! "Christmas in July" sandwich is our favorite!My favorite sandwich joint! I Dream Of Aubergine is so delicious! The flavor combinations are out of this world! I have not had a sandwich here I didn't like. The milk shakes are so rich and creamy and sweet and heavenly. Milk Bar is one of my favorite New Orleans spots! Every sandwich here is the best sandwich you will ever have!My wife and I wanted a quick place to stop before we headed out of town. I found Milk Bar and decided to give it a try. Wow! I can honestly say, the Clooney's Choice was one of my favorite sandwiches I've ever had. My wife loved her Mexican Chipotle Ranch salad as well. The Strawberry Fields shake was delicious. Definitely recommend!!!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! My family was in town on vacation. We were riding the street car and jumped off to eat lunch. We got lucky when we found Milk Bar. We have three picky eaters. The fun girl who took our order got all the details and changes correct. She was so nice to us also. The food was absolutely amazing. Don't know where they get their bread, but my family is still talking about it. Wish they had one in my town. If I go back to NOLA I will be stopping by!One of my favorite places in uptown! My favorite is the thai chili chicken po boy, but I've also tried every other sandwich on the menu and can see how any of them would be popular. The staff here is very nice and friendly, and they keep calm during busy hours (it does tend to get busy but it's easy to call ahead). The salads are a great size and all are great prices. Definitely go here!Excellent food excellent service
This is are very cool little restaurant that has great salads and great sandwiches 
Not your regular New Orleans style sandwiches ! 
Prices are very reasonable and the service is quick 
I would tell everyone that would like a different twist on salads and sandwiches!Yam I Am sandwich rocks, as does the Clooney's Choice. So so so so good. The bread it's on is to die forI absolutely love this hidden gem! Shrimply the best was the hot fresh yummy sandwich I got. I was starving, yet could only eat half of it. My Husband had the roast beef poboy as per usual for him and he enjoyed it, said he's has better but it wasn't bad. I'd definitely hit this place up againI found this place during a recent work visit to New Orleans. We had lunch!  Its was fantastic! The Christmas in July sandwich was delicious and unique. I had he Chocthunder shake... will never forget it!! Thanks!Love it for lunch, except can hardly ever eat there due to a Mon-Fri work schedule across the city and the closing of the Touro location. Wish it were open on Sundays when I actually have the time to head to the Riverbend area.LOVE coming here for their SHAKES! My favorite is the chocolate one. Their sandwiches are also pretty good; I've only had the sriracha sandwich.This place is kinda expensive if you are a broke college student, but the food is amazing. I ate the "wolf me down sandwich"; it has spinach, tomato, mozzarella, and roast lamb. The sandwich melted in my mouth and it had a very good hardy taste. Also I tried the coffee milkshake or cappuccino (can't remember off the top of my head), but it was a nice and thick milkshake. Water is free and they provide lemon wedges so if you don't want to buy a drink go for that option.My first time at milk bar! It did not disappoint! I got the satay chicken salad. Generous portion size, generous toppings, overall great salad. My friends got sandwiches that were decent sized and delicious as well. 
I got the cappuccino milkshake. Very very tasty! My friend got chocolate and he said it was alright, nothing to rave about. 
I loved the atmosphere inside with cows everywhere. I also love the shoes, purses, throws, pictures from Mardi Gras in the past. 
The ladies working the counter/milkshake blender were pleasant. 
You order at the counter, sit and wait for your food. No matter if you're getting it to go or eating there, it comes out in a brown bag. This was the only thing I didn't like. I felt like this was wasteful. The sandwiches come wrapped so there's really no need to put it in a bag for every single customer. Besides that, great experience! And every order comes with a dumdum sucker!My friend wanted to take me out for my birthday last month. I didn't want to go somewhere were she would have to spend a lot of money, and I had read nothing but good reviews about this place, so we picked to go here! One of my other friends also joined us, and we all really liked it. The place is very cute. My friend and I split the Clooney, a bag of honey mustard Zapps, and a chocolate shake. The overall meal was great, I really liked the sandwich but was maybe expecting a little more flavor. My other friend enjoyed her parmesan chicken po-boy, which was really big! I can't wait to go back. I want to try the thai chili chicken and the psycho chicken.Good vibes. Great food. Service is always super quick here and an easy lunch stop for me since I work at Loyola. I've had a couple of the sandwiches, one of the salads, and one of the po'boys. All huge portions and all delicious. And of course, Zapps chips are on hand to complement anything on the menu.Within my first six months of living in NOLA I've been here half a dozen times and Milk Bar hasn't disappointed. The staff is extremely friendly, enthusiastic and cares about customers and service. The sandwiches and milkshakes are pretty outstanding too. 
I once ordered a sandwich and requested no olives, but after it was served with olives, I brought it to their attention and was given an entirely new one, as well as my money back for the inconvenience. They told me to keep the sandwich with olives! I've come back here many times since and it checks all the boxes for a satisfying lunch spot close to Tulane's campus.What can be said about the Milk bar. If you know, you know. Always on point. ALWAYS. Never got anything less than the best here. I usually go Clooneys or Blue heeler. But any sandwich I've had was clearly made with love. The secret to success.Great sandwich spot in Carrollton (uptown). I ordered the "Clooney." It was awesome! I was expecting sliced avocado; instead it was a spread. It didn't change the awesomeness of this sandwich. The roll was fresh made and buttery. The sandwich itself was hot off the skillet. The chicken breast was moist and tender. Overall, great choice! I also ordered a Mocha Madness Milkshake, which wasn't the best; but it was hand-dipped...that's the only way to go! The chocolate-chip banana muffin was some of the best tasting shit I've ever had! And nothing tops off a great eatery like good customer service. The staff remembered my name (first time going, btw) and made sure I had everything I needed. They worked with a smile!I have been here off and on throughout the time that I have lived in New Orleans. There are few things about this establishment that make you want to come back. First, the customer service. The person taking orders at the register made it her mission to have a personal investment with whom she was speaking. She called people by name, made sure tourists had good recommendations of food at Milk Bar as well as other good restaurants in the city. She was casual and kind and made you feel fantastic about what you just ordered! Second, was my sandwich. I had the sweet potato special "Yam-wich!" This wonderful combination of sweet potatoes, pesto, cheese, and sun dried tomatoes was delicious. They requested special orders and once I ate my yam-wich I had to tell someone how much I enjoyed it. Next time, I'll have too treat myself to a moo-shake!Money.... Just money all over this sandwich joint. Money money money.
The best sandwich place in Carrollton. The Clooney is one of the best I've ever had. Milkshakes made my knees quake. Mmmmm lawdy lawdy i need like Forty. 
Quick tip - while waiting for your order, read the funny pictures on the wall.Great place!!! I had the Wolf Me Down sandwich and a Chocolate Thunder From Down Under milkshake.  It was VERY good!!! The service is excellent and the food is excellent, too. Definitely worth it!!!Wow. I was blown away at this place. The store is just so adorable and the employees were super nice. It was a little crowded but we didn't wait more than 10 minutes for our food. I got the Pyscho Chicken, and I can honestly say it was the best sandwich I have ever had. It is HUGE and was only around 9 dollars. You can't beat it! I also got a vanilla milkshake, since I know they make them fresh. It was so creamy and rich; definitely not your ordinary plain "vanilla." I cannot wait to come back here again for more!Came here for lunch. Many friends recommended this place to me & the reviews were promising. Very small and quaint place. Order at the cashier & your food is then brought out to you. I got the blue wheeler sandwich. It was super cheesy, which was a plus, but overall, there wasn't much flavor from the beef or gravy. My boyfriend got the Clooney, which I liked much better than my own sandwich. The milkshakes definitely made up for the sandwiches though. Go for the caramel caramba!it was delicious! huge sandwiches with good bread. we had the psycho chicken, shrimply the best, and the clooney and we loved them. very family friendlyThe Clooney's choice was an amazing sandwich!!! It seem like everything was fresh and the milkshakes are wonderful as well. Highly recommend the milkbar.Shirley Valentine with blue cheese instead of feta was amazing today. I've had all 3 veggie sandwiches, and shrimp, numerous times but finally asked for that change bc not crazy about feta. Wow. Delicious blue cheese and was great compliment. I need to come back more often. Too hungry to stop for picture...sorryI love this place. It's always good. The food is always ready in a timely manner. I always get the Clooney's Choice and a Gone Bananas milk shake. I just wish this place was in Kenner/Metairie area as well.Holy Moly! I wish I had enough room in my stomach for a Milkshake but I could barely finish my lunch!
I was thinking about getting a salad then saw someones sandwich and HAD TO HAVE one. I decided on the Occidental Oriental - Marinated chicken, fresh red pepper, cucumber, carrot, beat sprouts, mozzarella and peanut satay sauce - $8.50. First, when I got the sandwich I thought that it was adorable that the waitress drew faces on the two O's singling that my sandwich was the Occidental Oriental. 
Second the sandwich was so big that I knew I wasn't going to be able to finish it, the left overs were just as good out the fridge as they were right out of the oven! In fact, I was trying to convince my family to go there for dinner that night so I could snag a milkshake!I can't believe this is right in my neighborhood and I've only now discovered it.  I think it's the word "milk" in the name. Bad word for a restaurant. I still can't get myself to try the popular restaurant Milkfish. "Milkfish?"  Yuck.  Plus it's in a strip mall, just never think good restaurants are in strip malls. I was vey wrong
Anyway, there is nothing I love better than a good sandwich and this place has them.   Yum!  I had the Blue Heeler, the roast beef was juicy and tender, yummy mushrooms, gooey mozzarella and blue cheese but the best thing was the ciabatta bread it was served on. Perfect sandwich bread, crispy on the outside soft and chewy on the inside and great flavor.  Daughter had the Empire chicken sandwich, I thought the chicken was a tad bland but again juicy and tender.    Big sandwiches too, both of us only ate half.
Ambiance and service were great, really nice staff.  The place was packed but we didn't have to wait too long to get served.  This will definitely be a go to place for us from now onThe Yam I Am was probably the best sandwich I've ever eaten. The ciabatta is buttery and slightly crispy with sweet potato, pesto, sundried tomato, olives, onions, feta and spring mix with balsamic ving. AWESOME combo of ingredients. The Yam sandwich isn't on the menu posted to Yelp but was a special at the Carrollton Ave location. 
Sandwich portions are huge so I recommend sharing. Milkshakes are not as amazing as they were cracked up to be, but nothing short of delicious. Friendly staff and cute atmosphere. Not a lot of seating so plan accordingly.Ordered ham and mozzarella sandwich and a pecan maple balsamic vinaigrette salad, wife got a chicken avocado sandwich; every single item was amazing. The bread was soft with a little crunch. The salad was fresh, amazing. Go here for a soft,  fresh meal.    The service is great, very helpful.Yall, seriously, this place does not need another 5 star review to convince you to go! It seriously is so freakin delicious and perfect in everyway that you need to make this place (or their Carrollton location) your next meal. 
Milk Bar is a perfect lunch place or early dinner. It's a breath of fresh air in the land of fried everthing, jambalaya, gumbo, and all the usual Nola eats. They do, however, have great po-boys but honestly, you need to have one of their massive sandwiches to understand the true glory of this place. 
Everyone raves about the Shrimply the Best sandwish and Thai Chili sandwiches and while they're good, the Clooney's Choice is my favorite. I usually never order grilled chicken because I find it quite dry but the way these folks have the chicken marinated and then topped off with gooey cheese and avocado (among other toppings) between two decadent buns of some sort (seriously, their bread is like crack--all my carb lovers should agree with me on this one!!). All sandwiches pair well with a bag of Zapp's chips and a soda and don't forget to end this delightful meal with one of their famous milkshakes. I've tried the vanilla, butterscotch, and chocolate and they are all wonderful! 
They have salads too (but you should get a sandwich). Prices are affordable and for the price to portion ratio, you're getting a lot of sandwich for your buck--like enough to eat only one half and keep the next half for later. I don't usually have enough self control to eat only half but maybe you do......enjoy!Absolutely amazing tortilla soup. I could eat it all day. Very reasonably priced sandwiches and po boys.This place rules. The sandwiches are delicious, they are a huge portion size, reasonably priced, and the service is always quick and friendly. Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots in the city. The shakes and coffee are great too! Personal favorite sandwiches would probably have to be Shrimply the Best and the Psycho Chicken. Highly recommend this place it has never disappointed!It's great. Their sandwiches are something else - a giant raclette style wheel of carbs, mean, veggies and cheese.  My particular favorite is the Wolf Me Down - an awesome mix of shaved lamb, hummus, and mozzarella.  I have no idea how they came up with that combination but it is heavenly.  Everything on the menu is good however.  I recently lunched on the chicken satay salad and it was also excellent without the large slab of bread.  Pick up orders are quick and easy and their Carrollton location is comfortable with lots of parking in the Walgreen's lot.Just love the Wolf Me Down!! OMG, so Delicious!! Great Little Sandwich Cafe!! Looking forward to trying other Sandwiches!!Love this place. Perhaps my new favorite place. Absolutely love speciality sandwiches and my favorite is the empirically delicious. I've never had their milkshakes but heard they were good. They are always packed it seems especially around lunch time.Close to perfection as a sandwich can get.
Where would i be without those trusted, high definition pictures of these wondrous creations to help me decide exactly what i ought be eating?!
Shrimply the Best was the winner of the picture show. I find it hard to believe that i could have made a better choice. I wanted to take a picture myself, i truly did, but ordering take-out and that aroma in the car ride back to my house left no time to do anything once i got there but to bust down my front door, claim the nearest seat, and commence the assault.
Bravo guys, really, bravo. I've already got my eye on the next sandwich i'll be trying: Thai chili lamb poboy. I love everything about every word in the name of that sandwich and it will be too much time until it Gets In My Bellyyy(Fat Bastard voice). 
Updates of all updates, coming soon.I love the milk bar! I love the original location more just for origins sake, but the location on Carrollton is stupendous (and way closer to where I live!).  I swear by the turkey and Brie sandwich (mind blowing) but the salads and all other sandwiches are great! They are huge, so that $10 sandwich is basically $5 per meal that you'll get out of that one sandwich :).  It's a super casual place, typically super busy, but efficient and absurdly good! Come! There's always some great jams at this location and it has a more urban hipster feel than the other which retains more of that quirky Aussie feel :)Three words - Satay Chicken Salad. It is definitely one of my favorite salads around. The sandwiches are absolutely amazing as well (Clooney's Choice is a staple). I live close, so whenever I want a quick bite, I'll drop in over here and order, go to Walgreens while I wait, and take it home. The milkshakes are really good too, but I go more for the sandwiches and salads. I have to try the soup, but it always sounds very good! So glad they opened it up over here -- parking lot is a huge plus.Still the best sandwiches uptown, maybe in the city. Also the friendliest service!! Love everything I've eaten here which is almost the whole menu. Lamb salad, wolf me down, shrimp The best and I Dream of Aubergenie are my favorites. Go. Eat.I was expecting a sen situational milkshake but received a thin cup of milk and ice cream. However the deli sandwiches are hot and on point.I ordered the Clooney's Choice sandwich and it was delicious. I also got the Chocthunder from Downunder milkshake which was also delicious. I don't remember what my husband got but he loved his sandwich. We will definitely be going back!So I'm heading down the sidewalk, going back to my car after a successful trip to Sally and what do I spy? A sign (probably from the universe). 
"Soup's On" it said. So I investigated (of course I did, there was soup). 
"Soup." I said when it was my turn at counter. The young lady gave me a total and noticed I was intrigued by another sign, this one describing a salad of baby spinal and roasted sweet potatoes. "Small or large" she asked. I replied, "small" and decided that this sandwich shop, where I don't have to make complete sentences to order, would be visited again. 
Seriously, I wonder why it took so long in the first place. Awesome people and speedy service. There was just enough time for me to read a series of international cow jokes posted on the wall and then my order was ready. 
The soup was delicious, creamy asparagus and cheddar. Not too thick, not too salty, and appropriately cheesey. 
The salad, crisp and savory. A very nice turn for sweet potatoes, which I did not expect or have high expectations for. 
When I go back, I'll try to have a complete sentence ready just in case Chelsea isn't at the counter. She gets me, but it's always nice to be prepared.Tried both the "Clooney's Choice" and the "Shrimply the Best" and I liked the shrimp one the best. They were both great! SUPER QUICK service, ideal for a pit stop!Their specialty is sandwiches, and they do it perfectly. Their salads are an afterthought, and I still need to try their milkshakes! I like the music they play here, and it's cute overall. Complimentary waterLove this new location closer to Mid-City.  It's still pretty small, but there are a few tables and a wall of barstools.  The best part: it's open on Saturdays, unlike the location by Touro.  
They serve espresso (the lattes are decent) and of course the sandwiches are just as delicious as they are at the original shop.  The regular sandwiches are huge and unique and they aren't just po-boys like almost every other sandwich shop in this city.  Fortunately, if you're into po-boys, they have some of those, too.  My favorites are the Occidental Oriental and the Thai Chili Chicken...so far.  I still haven't tried most of the menu including the salads and milkshakes because I keep ordering the same thing, but I will try more!
The crowd is a little obnoxious sometimes, but everything basically comes to go whether you're eating there or not, so it's easy to grab the food and leave if you have to.A great sandwich or salad restaurant. The service is always great. Love the peanut sauce on the salad or sandwich. Highly recommended!Best Sammy Ever! I will always hit up the Milk Bar for a "wolf me down"
Awesome!I should give it 5 stars for the caramel milkshake alone. Do not deny yourself the goodness that is the Milk Bar caramel milkshake. I got the veggie sandwich. I forgot what it's called. It was good, but I wish I had made some modifications to it. I deducted a star b/c they don't have any sides other than chips. I wish they had fries or potato salad. The bread they use is really good, too.Huge fan of this place.
I have never been to this place.  I got the opportunity to order food from them while being admitted to hospital... of all things!
This was the most awesome Grilled Chicken sandwich I ever had!  
Shakes were on spot too~Went here for lunch today with my co-worker. Our experience was delicious, quick and delightful. The food was amazing. My Shrimply the Best sandwich was so good and cheesy! The bread was perfection! The service was quick and the entire staff was really friendly. Looking forward to trying more sandwiches on the menu during future visits!Delicious sandwiches, great staff, and creative environment! Streetcar passes through south Carrollton and you have a view of mesmerizing oak trees on the way there. 
I love the psycho chicken and the shrimp the best is similar. My friends like the Shirley bc of the artichoke. All the sandwiches have cute names 
You get a lollipop and a cheesy sandwich I highly recommend.Ive only been here once so far but really enjoyed my sandwitch. I got the blue cheese roast beef. Only thing i would add to it is some mayo or a side of roast beef gravy, bc being from nola i like my sandwitches nice and juicy. Other than that it was great, good size, fresh ingredients, good bread. Ill be returning.I LOVE Milkbar's salads. They are always delicious, filling and fresh and they have a nice variety to suit my mood.  My son loves the roast beef bo-boy which, while maybe not as legit as other po-boys in town, is still big and tasty. My 13 year old daughter always gets the "Shrimply The Best" sandwich, which looks beautiful (I don't eat shrimp, I know, I know!) with shrimp grilled in pesto.
But the star for me, the absolute can't get better anywhere else is the damn Butterscotch milkshake. Holy cow (puns!), that shake is heavenly. Plus, they give you Chupa-Chups with your order!
My only woe is that they are closed on Sunday, but if that's my biggest complaint, I think 5 stars is in order.There really isn't a TON to say about this place.  Amazing sandwiches, friendly staff, great location with parking in the Pearl.  I order takeout here quite a bit.  I recommend the "Shrimply the Best" sandwich.  So much goodness.  Really not knocking off a star for anything they do "wrong" here, but it is a "order at the counter," above average sandwich shop, so I can't really see giving it five stars.I love this place.  It's a mile or so from my  home, but I've managed to eat there pretty regularly for the past couple of years.  The specialty sandwiches are excellent:  quality ingredients well prepared.  There are several vegetarian sandwiches and salads.  The po-boys are excellent as well.  The salads are outstanding--try the spinach salad with a side order of shrimp. (I think they steam their shrimp.  They are cooked perfectly)  I've had several of the other salads and they are of the same quality:  crisp greens with quality toppings with interesting combinations.  I've been so enthralled with the sandwiches and salads, I haven't tried the soups but,, if they are the same quality, they will be wonderful.  The Chocolate Thunder shakes are of the same quality.  You can't go wrong here.Food is absolutely delicious. Good milkshakes of course. The people there are awesome, really friendly and inviting environment. Much love :)Hands down my favorite sandwich place in New Orleans! I don't know how they make their bread, but it is heavenly, and all of their sandwiches taste so fresh. You get so much for your buck too! I would also recommend their soups in the winter, and I like to top off my meal with a handmade milk shake.First thing coming into town we needed something quick to grab to tide us over until dinner. Unbelievable. I had the Occidental Oriental and my husband had the Wolf something. Delicious. And we split a vanilla malt. (Only criticism would be that we couldn't taste the hummus on the Wolf. But still yummy.) We could only eat half our sandwiches... but we can't wait to eat the other half!Great sandwiches love the bread!!! Milk shakes are to die for!!! Only draw back is everything is served to go. Love me some Christmas in JulyNot from New Orleans, just stopped here on the recommendation of the clerk at Maple Street Books.  Well worth it!  I got the Christmas, and it was everything I hope for in a sandwich.  Excellent bread, two cheeses melted together, still steaming hot, no extra onions for heartburn, cranberry sauce! and very good turkey.  
The chocolate malted was also awesome.  
Docked a star just for the wait - we were there during what was apparently the late lunch rush (ordered at 2pm), and it took a little over 30minutes to get our sandwiches.  After waiting that long, the irrational and hangry were setting in, so it was very exciting that the sandwiches were awesome and negated the first impulse of cranky complaining.
They did have cold brew coffee as well, which is always bonus points in my book.Went here today in the summer heat looking for a great meal only to find that the restaurant is CLOSED until I think July 8th. Bummer for us as we were very hungry. Would have been nice if they had updated this instead of leaving a handwritten note on the door. Wasted trip.The hype is real here! This is a great lunch spot with salads, sandwiches, and milkshakes on the menu. 
Their sandwich list goes on and on. I had the occidental oriental ($9ish) and it was so amazing I could cry just thinking about it. I am not a fan of ciabatta but this bread was actually made my unicorns and fairies and angels. It was THAT GOOD. Also get a milkshake while you're there ($3.75....like really?!? It was huge and delicious). 
Tons of seating inside with a bathroom as well. Great friendly staff. Overall, a stellar place. 
PS--they're closed sundays!!Milk Bar has awesome sandwiches but what's even more ridiculously tasty are there milkshakes. I'm now several hundred miles away from being able to swing by Milk Bar for a milkshake, but I can dream. Highly recommend the banana, caramel, or butterscotch milkshakes - with malt added.They shrimply the best sandwich is so good an tasty .. I really enjoy it .. an also their milk shake to.I come here pretty frequently and am always treated very nicely by the person at the register who takes my order and have never one been disappointed with what I got. Their sandwiches and milkshakes are fantastic. Seriously, damn good sandwiches. It's pretty serious, heavy type food- most of them have lots of cheese / other sauces / meat. They get their bread fresh from La Boulangerie on Magazine St. 
Their milkshakes come up really quick, usually right after your order. Expect your sandwich to take about 10 minutes. It's so worth it. It'll probably last you two meals or at least a meal and a snack. Recommendations: Shrimply the Best, Christmas in July, and Clooney's Choice. But it's all good. Great po boys, too. And good salads. You can't go wrong here.God, I love Milk Bar. It's perfect to pickup and is right in the University Area.
Every sandwich I've gotten from here has been great. I'm convinced that the bread here is among the best in the city. The Psycho Chicken with a side of avocado is my go-to
The soups can be hit or miss.I love this place. The salads are fresh and delicious and super flavorful. My favorite is the Maple Pecan. I also like the Po-Boys, especially the delicious gravy on the Roast Beef one. My boyfriend loves the Psycho Chicken Sandwich and the Sweet Bleu Salad. They're fairly quick and prices are reasonable for the size of the sandwiches. We love this place!Both the sandwiches and salads are excellent. The Thai chicken po boy, satay chicken salad are two of my favorites but everything is excellent, quick, and cheap with sandwiches around $7/8 and salads a dollar or two more for the large. Highly recommend with friendly staff.the bread is so good it melts in your mouth! If you love roast beef get the BLUE HEELER ! You won't go wrong very fresh and made to order !Great lunch spot! Hidden gem for sure.I had the Christmas in July along with a Caramel shake. AMAZING!!! I have craved this place since we went. We all tried each other's which were just as delicious and chowed down. Soooo good!!A nice selection of fresh sandwiches and salads. Absolutely what I needed after a week of Cajun greasy food!Wow. Been hearing greet things about this place for a while and stopped in today because I happened to be in the neighborhood. Had a hard time choosing a sandwich because they all sounded so good. I went with Clooney's Choice and was not disappointed.  All of the components on the sandwich melted perfectly together into an ooey-gooey masterpiece, paired with a wonderfully crispy ciabatta roll. My only complaint is that it's not closer to where I live or work. Can't wait to try their other delicious offerings!I give this place five stars because they do what they proclaim to do and they do it well. You can get a great sandwich for about the same price as a subway sandwich minus the cardboard flavor. Their number one is a chicken Thai po boy. It's number one for a reason. It's crack in sandwich form. I'm addicted, I crave it. Milkshakes are good too! They don't ask an arm and a leg like creole creamery. Great lunch place. My one complaint is that it smells of bar smoke and they need to add some weekend hours. That was two complaints. My apologies, but i still stand by my five star rating.Yum, had the shrimply the best sandwich this afternoon and I really enjoyed it. I'm a real suckered for good bread on a sandwich, and I LOVED their bread. Wish I had had someone there with me to help finish the sandwich. One star away for decor/bathroom situation. Went to use the bathroom in the bar attached to the restaurant, and I couldn't even get one of the stall doors shut. Decided to wait for later!This is a gem!  Milkshakes are spoof yummy.  The sandwiches are supposed to be good too.I had REALLY high expectations for Milk Bar and boy were they met!  Totally and completely AMAZEBALLS!! -Sighs- I would really love another sandwich and shake right about now...and I just had it a few hours ago!  Milk Bar is located right by the Touro hospital on Prytania and like many other places around the area, it is street parking.  My advice would be to get there before 12 pm before the lunch rush comes in.  My friend and I came in around 11:30 and no one was there, but as we started eating, the restaurant started to really fill up!  Oh boy were we glad to come early and have found parking because this home girl cannot parallel park for crap.  Yes...sad but true.  I completely fulfill the Asian stereotype of not being able to drive...SIKE!  That's the only area I'm lacking in.  BUT ANYWAYS!  Getting off track.  Milk Bar is particularly small as you can see from other pictures, so make sure you come early!  
Now on to the food:
I got the Thai Chili Chicken poboy suggested by Le Thu and boy was it good!  Thanks for the heads up!  It comes with chicken, mozzarella, onions, tomatoes, a chili sauce, and sour cream.  MMHMM!  This sandwich was oozing with FLAVAAAA!  It was incredible!  I really hope the other sandwiches can live up to my expectations after having this sandwich.  My friend got the much talked about Psycho Chicken, which came with chicken, mozzarella, sundried tomatoes, calamata olives, pesto sauce, red onions, and red peppers.  The sandwich was good, but tasted bland in comparison to the Thai Chili Chicken.  It just didn't have the flavor I was looking for.  And of course, we got a milk shake!  A strawberry fields milkshake to be exact!  And OMG it was literally TO DIE FOR!  Their milkshakes add to the wonderness of the meal, instead of taking away from it like so many other heavy milk shakes.  It was light, refreshing, and will have you running back for more!  If you like milkshakes from Stanley, the milkshakes here will definitely satisfy you.  I'm seriously itching to try the banana milkshake.
What a successful lunch date!  Milk Bar is affordable and delicious, so what's not to love?  This just might be my new favorite lunch/sandwich spot!Just had lunch here with a friend. We each had a blue heeler and honestly should have split one. Great sandwich in a large portion size. Place was clean and had fun cow decor on the walls. My friend had her toddler with her and the place was definitely kid friendly. There was even a basket of stuffed cows where she could play with one. Would come back here.I got the wolf and mom got the lamb cheese n gravy poboy.  Great.  Awesome breads. Try to beat the rush or u will be waiting. Call ahead is probably best. Mens room is beyond gross--only fault.  Women--skip the bathroom.Amazing. Good prices, and probably the best sandwich of my entire life. Gooey, wet, but strangely not messy. Incredible bread. I had the Clooney, and of course, a milkshake! The service was down-to-earth and friendly, and the place was cozy (I was initially unsure about the lighting being so dim, but after my milkshake/sandwich-from-heaven, I was grateful). Five stars! I'll be back lots!I love the Milk Bar! I only wish it was in a more convenient location for me so I could go here all the time. The Psycho Chicken sandwich is my favorite. I've tried a few other sandwiches a long time ago and was not disappointed but I always get the Psycho Chicken now. I wish I could try their soups but they are always sold out by the time I get there. I love the ciabatta bread for the sanwiches and the ingredients always seem fresh. This is one of those great hole in the wall places that is a great surprise when you find it. You can eat in the small dinner area but its better to get your sandwich to go and enjoy it outside in the park.Disclaimer: I dont like milkshakes in general.
Reality: Who doesn't? If you are from here and are looking for a place to (a) have milkshake and (b) have a "relaxing" sandwich, this is it!
The sandwiches have interesting combinations and the best part if fresh ingredients. 
Pick a day when you don't want to do anything fancy, dont feel like having a salad and are pretty much confused of your neighborhood joints. Go to Milk Bar, get a sandwich and convince your friend/buddy/date to get a salad or vice-versa. Get the best of the worlds.
My recommendation: get a "christmas party" (unless you are going around thanksgiving, then get a lamb one!)
Please remember its a crime not to have a milkshake at this place, my fav is cappuccino.A good roast beef PO boy can be had here, chips are small and beverages are pricy
Nice place for a quick mealShrimply the Best is the best thing I've ever eaten. When I die and if I go to Heaven, I hope God serves these shrimp po' boys. Seriously amazing.I frequent this place once or twice a month. Always find myself trying something new. They hit all the flavor profiles very well or they smother something in cheese which is always a great idea. Their milkshakes are amazing. Staff is always friendly.Creatively tasty sammiches and lovely milkshakes.  No pretentions, no fluff, but they do put a little lollipop in your lunch bag just like mommy would have done if she'd been that kind of mom.Incredibly flavorful sandwich served hot on fresh ciabatta bread! We loved their tomato basil soup served with the softest warm bread. Completely affordable and a great value for the quality of ingredients and freshness! Perfect lunch spotWent here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans.  Right off of the St. Charles streetcar line, so the location was great.  I got the shrimp po boy, which was HUGE.  I only ate half of the sandwich, saved the rest for a snack.  The shrimp was garlicky and tasty, and there were so many on the sandwich.  Great crusty bread.  Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a lunch place around the garden district.  
Also, they give you a chupa chups lollypop with your meal, reminds me of my childhood!Came for the Thai Chili Lamb Po-Boy; left loving Shrimply the Best.
I stopped in based on a word of mouth suggestion and the reviews. Based on my sense of adventure, I ordered the Thai Chili Lamb Po-Boy. I don't love sweets, and I was expecting a spicy, deep flavor. The actual sandwich was mostly sweet, with the remaining flavor profile defined by the cheese. It was filling, and mildly tasty, but I didn't love it.
I also tried Shrimply the Best, and everything about it was amazing. The bread is flaky and buttery, the shrimp plentiful, and the flavor brilliant. You should absolutely order this, and I will go out of my way to stop by here the next time I'm in New Orleans just to have it.Quick and easy place to grab a bite to eat. I had the shrimp and mozzarella sandwich and it was great.These sandwiches are incredible!
It was my first time in NOLA, and my friend and I already did the touristy stuff, which was almost intolerable. So I looked for a restaurant away from the French Quarter, and I found Milk Bar. As soon as we read over the sandwich choices, we knew we'd come to the right place. We ordered, and both sandwiches were delicious. Also, pretty ample servings. We loved the place so much that we went back the next day for lunch. I will always work Milk Bar into my future NOLA visits.Really enjoyed my sandwich. Good chipotle ranch dressing if you enjoy a dipping sauce. Nice staff tooWhat a great place this is!  We ate here two nights in a row during a three night stay in New Orleans.  Amazing sandwiches on some of the best breads we've ever had.  First night, I had the Blue Heeler and my hubby had the Wolf Me Down.  He loved the lamb on that so much he had the roast lamb po-boy the next night while I went with the sauteed shrimp po-boy.  What a joy to find a shrimp po-boy that wasn't fried!  Both nights we were sitting at the bar at the Sovereign Pub next door so the guy who took our orders delivered our sandwiches to us.  Nice touch.  I just noticed that on UrbanSpoon, the Milk Bar is listed as the #33 restaurant in New Orleans.  Given all the great restaurants in NOLA, that says a lot.Awesome sandwichs and milk shakes.  The bread was tender and bouncy the cheese was melty and gooey and the flavor was just wonderful. The milk shake was dark chocolaty and very rich. The portions were perfect.  Parking was a little difficult. And there is not alot of seating. I was really glad we stopped on our way through NOLA.I had the shrimply it was amazing and the banana milkshake.... I'm a customer for life4 star at least!!! The Clooney's Choice sandwich was awesome! I took it all down down with a Mango Bango smoothie! The price was great as well as the service time was quick.the staff was friendly! She even took the time to spell my name right! My bag had my name on it, it was hand delivered to my table, sandwich was fresh and hot, and even had a sucker at the bottom of the bag! The sandwich choices are out-of-the-box but they are DELICIOUS!!!! Definitely a place you won't forget and you know it's true if I said it!!!!Psycho Chicken sandwich with roasted chicken breast, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, onions, mozzarella and pesto on fresh ciabatta: you are my very favorite sandwich within a one-mile radius of my house. 
Go Bananas milkshake, you are the best milkshake in New Orleans. Yes, that's right.
About $12-13 for a ridiculously filling meal. If you weren't that hungry, you could probably get away with splitting one of the huge sandwiches with a friend.
Bottom line: don't be put off by how close this place is to the hospital. It's an awesome little place with great sandwiches, salads, milkshakes, smoothies and daily specials.Plain and simple, YUM!!!! 
I went to Milk Bar two days ago after reading the positive reviews on yelp. Ohhhhh, I'm so glad I did. I don't even remember what sandwich I ordered because I was two busy having a feast in my mouth. The milkshakes were soooooo yummy as well. Oh yeah, and the people that served us were the nicest, that always helps my culinary experience.
Yum, yum, yum, nothing more to say.We were staying at a nearby hotel and decided to give this a try for lunch. I had the Thai Chicken Po Boy.  My husband had the Shirley Valentine and a butterscotch hop shake. Both of us thought the sandwiches were tasty and large enough that we saved half for another day. 
The sandwiches were brought to the table in a brown paper bag and each bag contained a lollipop. I got a vanilla and chocolate lollipop and it was great. 
Our food arrived quickly, but we just beat the lunch rush.Amazing. Just... So good. I went once for the first time and went back the next day. They already learned my name. Sandwiches have been choice and smoothie s have been choice. Haven't had a shake yet but I am positive they're fantastic.Great place! Just down the street from Touro, so you do see people in scrubs walking in to grab a bite during lunchtime. Being a vegetarian in New Orleans does not go hand in hand, although things are changing, and Milk Bar is a good example of that (there are two veggie friendly sandwiches on the menu.) I ordered the I Dream of Aubergenie. It was deeeeelicious, especially the bread! And OMG the milkshake was just perfect! Mmmmmm.Milk Bar is where you can find the best sandwiches in New Orleans.  I'm not lying - all other sandwiches taste very bad after eating these sandwiches.  My partner always gets "The Clooney", which is avocadoey ass sandwich that is delicious!  I had the Thai Chili Poboy, which was sweet and spicy!  Go there.  It's on the pricey side ($22 for 2 sandwiches and coffees) but the sandwiches are huge!  I'm a tall manchild and I've never finished it.  Delicious, creative sandwiches on fresh heavenbread Just go.  Stop talking.A wonderful little sandwich store and coffee shop.  The sandwiches are served on homemade ciabatta bread and oven-baked until the cheese is gooey and the bread is soft and warm.  You can tell it'll be good before you take your first bite.  Also, the portions are big enough to share a sandwich if you aren't starving or a glutton (like I am).
Try the Clooney's Choice, which is one of my favorites.  It has marinated chicken, avocado, melted mozzarella, cilantro, roasted red pepper, red onions, and lemon mayo.    The Sauteed Shrimp and Mozzarella poboy, or the Thai Chili Chicken Poboy are also delicious.
And I'm a sucker for the little chupa chup lollipops that they give you with every order you place.My husband and I found this gem on yelp while checking out garden district one afternoon during our New Orleans vacation. So glad we stopped in. We split the Thai chicken sandwich and a chocolate shake. I liked the shake because it was not overpoweringly sweet. The sandwich was huge. Definitely big enough for two to split. And the flavor was WOW! Wish we had this place in Oklahoma! Highly recommend.This place is lovely. Charming and small but inviting. My boyfriend works at the coffee shop around the corner and I went to grab us some sandwiches. I ordered, made an addition to one of my sandwiches and did not get an eye roll from the very friendly girl on the register. I then let her know I was going to the coffee shop and would be back in a few minutes to grab the food. This lovely lady then HAND DELIVERED my sandwiches to the coffee shop once they were ready. So sweet.
We tried the Clooney's Choice and the I Dream of Aubergenie (add lettuce,
Light on the red peppers.) Both were delicious, warm and toasty, and tasted extremely fresh.
Highly recommended and we will definitely be going back :)Simply Wow!!!  If you love full flavored and full sized sandwiches this is the place. Don't for get the Milk part. They have thick deep and rich shakes. If you are on Saint Charles this is. Step away worth the detour.!
Milk Bar is poised to overtake Freret St Po Boys as my favorite, quick sandwich shop. If you're looking for a gourmet restaurant experience, go somewhere else. And pay a lot more. 
It's a tiny speck of a place attached to Café Prytania that has amazing sandwiches, delicious milkshakes, and a friendly, unpretentious atmosphere. It can be a little tough to spot with their unassuming sign jutting out oh so slightly. I usually get Cloony's Choice (chicken, avocado, and cilantro lemon mayo, oh my!). The Psycho Chicken is good too. It's a little more standard with tomatoes, mozzarella, and pesto, but nails it nonetheless. Most of them cost 7-8 dollars.
The milkshakes are spot on, and the price point is along the lines of what you would pay elsewhere (3-4 dollars). Honesty though, it's not a bad idea to pop in just to get that given you'll probably be too full to take on a milkshake after their sizable sandwiches (you will get messy eating them fyi) anyway.  
Miscellaneous pluses:
It's open till 9pm, which is fairly late
Doesn't hurt that it's right near Touro Hospital and frequented by generally attractive doctors
Décor, puns, and lollipops induce inner child syndromeI saw the reviews here and wanted a sandwich so I decided to give it a shot. I tried the shrimply the best sandwich with a vanilla shake. For 8.50 the sandwich is large and very good. Sautéed shrimp in that roll proved to be very tasty and filling. I recommend this sandwich. It does not come with any sides. The only ones offered are chips or some baked goods.
I also thought the shake was good too however thought it should be a little bigger. 
This is a good place to eat but parking is tight. Metered street parking only on a very narrow street.We had so much good food on our recent visit that Milk Bar really didn't stand out.  We had a few sandwiches/po boys around the city and the sandwich I had here was weak by comparison.  It was a special similar to the Thai Chili except it had chicken.  The only seasoning was basically sweet and sour sauce that one gets at a Chinese restaurant and the bread was standard hoagie bread.  And my friend had a vegetarian one that she was pretty underwhelmed by as well.  Cute place and nice service though.We've been making a point to check out cheap eats around the city on a weekly basis, so this week's destination was Milk Bar! It was delicious and we'll definitely be going back. We went around 8:00 pm and it was dead - I suspect it's crazy busy at lunchtime. We got the Shrimply sandwich and a roast beef po boy, both of which were delicious and huge. Next time we'd go and split a sandwich, get some chips and split a milkshake. Their raspberry lemonade is also good. 
We'll be adding this to our list of lunch places.My room mate found this place and suggested we go and give it a try. I was not at all disappointed. The psycho chicken sandwich was packed full of flavor, the bread was toasted just right, and the caramel caramba shake was delicious. The rest of the menu looks very interesting so I look forward returning in the future.See the reviews for this place and thought we'd give it a try. We were not disappointed! Come with an appetite because their sandwiches are hefty to say the least. Girlfriend had the Psycho Chicken which I had a taste of. I don't normally care for pesto but the taste was so expertly mingled into the gracious amount of cheese and chicken it was like biting into heaven. I had the Occidental Oriental. Very delicious sandwich. A bit messy with the satay sauce but that just made the experience seem more authentic. I loved every last bite and Highly recommend eating here!Awesome! Love the huge sandwiches and coffee shakeAmazing food at great prices. Off beaten path so not many tourists. Definite Nola must.Loved the shrimpy and had a feta salad which was fantastic too.Loved my chocolate shake malt loved it.Overall a cute sandwich space.So good! After two other places were closed just for this week (so the signs in the door said after I already used my last bit of change to pay for parking), I decided to drive a little further to the Milk Bar. Got the Shrimply the Best...like a caprese with tons shrimp...yum yum yummy. AND they allowed me to put an extra dollar on my card to get change for the meter! Don't forget the milkshake.I had the Shrimply The Best and it was amazing!!! One of my favorite places to eat.If you are near Touro check out this place.  A hidden gem of amazing sandwiches and a must stop for lunch.  I usually opt for the psycho chicken and a shake. Nice big sammies hereMouthwatering, extremely satisfying, cheesy, creamy goodness. I chose to walk here from the French Quarter instead of taking the transit system, and while the length of the walk in the heat was tiring, every step was worth it once I got there. The milkshakes are amazing and each one is a unique experience. I got the cloonies choice sandwich which was huge, but so good I ate it in a matter of seconds. 
Definitely worth a walk, drive, or ride from anyplace in NOLA. The walk along Magazine Street is especially nice, but takes some will power to not stop at the delicious places along the way.Wonderful sandwich (I got the psycho chicken- great if you like pesto but don't want shrimp! The bread it was on was great too) and milkshake, the service was great too- everyone so friendly. In a neat part of town. Will definitely be coming back!Friend and I had a terrific lunch today; the sandwich (for me) is tied at #1 fave with Grilled Cheese Grill in Portland. That's saying something! 
We each had the Shrimply the Best and wow was it! Toasty, cheesy, shrimpy. Had we known, we could have shared one, but I was very happy to overindulge in this gem. 
Milkshakes rocked too. I had the caramel and Friend had the chocolate. Heaven would have been half and half. 
Easy to find, just around the corner from Fresh Market.My boyfriend and I go about once a week, we always order one Clooney's choice and a  large caesar salad which totals at about $20. It''s a very local, young, and fresh place filled with delicious food and good vibes. I recommend going after 1, it's after the lunch rush.Delicious po boys and milk shakes.  I got the Thai Chilii Chicken Po Boy and I was pleased.  The bread/bun was toasted just right and the sweet, tangy chili sauce mixed with the salty-ness of the chicken....wow, I just sat there in happiness.  
The killer vanilla milkshake was pretty good. I probably should've tried another flavor but I didn't want it to compete with the po boy.  With vanilla, it was a nice complement.  
Service was friendly, but the Milk Bar was kind of desolated.  I don't know if it's because it was 7pm or because it was cold out.  Anyway, I seem to go to places during off-hours and I'm not complaining.  :D
Also, loved the cow decor.  They have a board up back with cow jokes about different countries.  I like it.i am so happy this place exists and that i live close to it!  i had the clooney's choice sandwich and it was very good.  i totally appreciate the time and care taken to make the sandwiches, and the good, friendly customer service.  i also like the lollipop touch.  i'm looking forward  to trying many other things on the menu!What a little cute hole in the wall sandwich stop. A tiny restaurant with maybe 5 tables top, with pink walls and a cow economics on the back wall. We ordered 3 sandwiches, which was way more than enough to feed the 3 of us...probably could have fed 6 of us for that size!! But every bite was soooo good! We ordered the Clooney's choice, the Empire delicious, and the Psycho chicken. The sandwiches are really thick in size, probably because of their ciabatta bread, so it requires quite a bite. I also ordered a strawberry milkshake. It was frothy, which was different from any other milkshake I have seen, and tasted so fresh. Everything was very enjoyable, and I can't wait to come back again!Really perfect for what it is. Abourgenie sandwich was amazing, as was the Mocha Madness milkshake! If you want to satisfy a delicious sandwich and milkshake craving, head this way. Only wish it was open on the weekend. Very reasonable prices too!Awesome awesome sandwiches. The service is fantastic and classy, with old school small-business charm.
This place was recommended to me when I told a coworker that I lived in Uptown. That was the only thing she had to say about the entire region of Uptown. It was an amazing recommendation; my roommate and I go here about once a week. Only complaint is that it's not open on the weekends (which is a shame, cuz I'm sure they'd make a killing with all the lazy young professionals) and the actual restaurant could be a better lit.
Highly recommend the Psycho Chicken and the Clooney.Really delicious sandwiches. The other reviewers are telling the truth. Also pretty filling.First time we came here 2pm on a Wednesday. They said they're known for the Clooney, so I got one, and a butterscotch shake. I did not choose wrong. The sandwich was PERFECT warm, bread wasn't too thick and a little crispy and the avocado was like a spread instead of chunks. The shake was yummy but next time I don't need the whip cream. I will be back!This place is a hidden gem. While the selfish version of me is screaming not to reveal it to Yelp, given how good the sandwiches are, I wouldn't feel right if I didn't. Full disclosure; I'm not a big fan of most po'boys around here. In fact, I'd go so far as to say that most of them outright suck. As fun as it is to pay $10 for twelve inches (sometimes, sometimes less!) of drooping lettuce, bland roast beef and soggy bread is...it isn't that fun at all actually. So when my friend and I decided to stop in for lunch, there was a good deal of skepticism on my part. Boy, was that ever undue. 
The place itself is quite charming, in a 'oh, so that's how my (very) little sister decorated my room when I left for college' sense. That said, the silliness of the decor and gaudiness of the paint do absolutely nothing to distract from the UTTER DELICIOUSNESS of these sandwiches. There's really no other way of describing them. In my opinion, the gourmet sandwiches are the way to go. Fancying myself as a dead ringer for him, I ordered the Clooney's Choice, and I wasn't disappointed. And it was only $7.95! Insane.Of all the orders I witnessed, each came out hot and came out fast. The staff, or "Moo Crewe" as they call themselves, are friendly and efficient. The only thing that would make this place even more incredible is if they played some Gackt on that radio of theirs. But I'm just fantasizing.
A word about the milkshakes. Oh. Baby. If you had a light breakfast, are having a light or late dinner, or if you're just boss enough to handle that much consumption, get one of these as well. They are awesome.
Momofuku has nothing on this.
(Ok, that was clearly blasphemy. But this place is damn good.)In a town desperate for a sandwich that's not a po-boy I think this place does a good job for lunch. Basically all of the sandwiches can also be made into salads too. They use a delicious and fattening bread that makes you feel like the Atkins diet is in your future but never the less it makes the sandwiches delicious. It's located right next to Touro hospital so they get a big lunch crowd and the owners in there remember your name and sometimes even your order. It's a solid pick for a sandwich or lunch salad with some unique combinations.Just tried Milk Bar!  I had the aubergenie and it was delicious. The bread is amazing. I took it to go and it was still warm and not soggy when I got back to the Westbank!  I also had a butterscotch milk shake!  It too was great. This is a good place to get quick but heart and delicious food!  Also great service!"Simply the best" sandwich was good. Fresh but smothered in cheese.  Not a healthy choice.  This is the original of the two stores and is on a side street.  Would return to try again if was in the area.  Not cheap.I love this place! Great sandwiches and they have some awesome shakes - my favorite is the Choc Thunder. During the cooler months they also serve soups with a big loaf of bread...good stuff.One of the best sandwiches I have had in the city.  Wonderful, quaint bar with sitting.  Sandwiches come out hot and fresh with generous portions.  I had the 'wolf me down,' with roasted lamb. Absolutely great. Big enough that I had lunch the next day.Sometimes a simple lunch can be one of your fondest memories.  This is my experience with Milk Bar.
I was given the task of choosing a spot to eat in a certain neighborhood. Yelp, one again, saved the day. I found Milk Bar while searching lunch spots using the filter by neighborhood feature.
I was skeptical at first because I thought the name of the place was strange and it's just a sandwich shop for goodness sakes. What's so great about a weirdly named sandwich joint?  
I'm here to tell you that there's plenty.
It's on a beautiful street right near Touro Infirmary. There is parking on the street but there's also a huge (paid) parking lot across the street, which is where I parked. 
When you walk in it's nothing fancy. There's a counter with a menu...you walk right up and order what you'd like. No one will be seating you, you seat yourself and wait for your name to be called once your order is ready. There's a little self serve side bar with water and condiments and silverware. It's a very bare bones type of place so if you're feeling like you need to be waited on it's not happening here.
The decor is what I can only describe as whimsical. It seems small when you first walk in, but the tables are spaced far enough apart that you don't feel like the other diners can overhear your conversation. It's just nice and whimsical and cozy.
I ordered the Shrimply Delicious. It was beyond delicious!! And freaking huge! Gigantic, I'm telling you! Cut in half and I could barely finish one half. It was around 9 bucks and that's a bargain if all you're able to finish is one half in my opinion. 9 bucks for lunch and dinner later that night? Sold!
Unfortunately my sandwich happened to be so wonderful that my friend stole the other half of it, but I didn't mind at all.  It was one of the best lunch dates I've had in a while.Just off St Charles, this place has an easy location to find and it's not too far from the rail. It's a very small place, not really aimed at large crowds but it's a great spot for a quick lunch or take out. The staff was friendly and service was quick. It took less than five minutes for me to order, wait, get served, and leave.
I got the lamb sandwich and it was very good. It had ample portions of meat, cheese, and vegetables and it was served on freshly toasted ciabatta bread. The sandwich was about $9.00 and was filling for the price, not to mention delicious. The bottom line is that this place is great if you are looking for a quick drop in for a good sandwich.New Orleans is known for the traditional roast beef/shrimp po boy. Great. Wonderful. We should all indulge that tradition. 
But, if you want to break out of that sandwich mold, while still remaining in the city limits of NOLA, please get yourself to Milk Bar straight away. 
One Star - Convenient, uptown/garden district location right on St. Charles. Also, you can go to Delachaise or any of the other bars around the corner as well. 
Two Stars - great service. The cadre of people who run Milk Bar have always been very nice and accommodating to my orders. 
Three Stars - great variety and quality of ingredients. I have never met a combination available at Milk Bar that I did not like. 
Four Stars - Wolf Me Down - a sandwich with lamb and hummus. You had me at Wolf. 
Five Stars - My go to at Milk Bar is a Thai Chili Chicken Po Boy, but I replace the po boy bread with ciabatta (the standard at Milk Bar). I love the combination of flavors, cheese, and bread that really creates the reason I show up at Milk Bar once a week.Great little sandwich spot near the hospital in the garden district. A great selection of "gourmet" sandwiches, most with mozzarella cheese on them! The Clooney is a good choice...chicken, avocado, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, red onion, lemon mayo....all choices were interesting and looked good!Some of the best and fairest-priced sandwiches I've had here.Great sandwiches and probably the only place in New Orleans to get anything besides a FREAKIN PO-BOY that's half way decent. Their Christmas in July is ridiculous, only complaint is it can take a little while for you wich but worth the while.The location was a little hard to locate but if you get off the St. Charles St. trolley at Louisiana St. and find the building just keep circling until you find the entrance.  When we walked in there was only one other person waiting, it was 3pm, but the service was welcoming and informative. The girl who took our order had no problem doing substitutions and a special request.Sandwiches are delicious and so fresh! The bread is amazing. The sandwiches are huge, so if you aren't starving, I would suggest sharing. I had the cow fodder and my husband had the Clooney, both were so good. Huge selection of shakes, smoothies, and freezes.Writing a review for this Milk Bar location since I have been going to the riverbend location more often than this one. It seems that this location gives you a little more meat on the bread but does not let the sandwiches stay in the oven long enough because many times I have seen sandwiches come out that the cheese has not melted all the way. That happened to me on the thai-chili lamb and when the cheese isnt all the way melted it ruins the whole sandwich. The southwest salad I got there was very tasty and loaded with ingredients. I would get the salads here but the sandwiches I think are better at the other location. For the record my favorite is the Shrimply the Best and that is coming from someone who has tried them all.I cheated on my favorite sandwich today...normally I get the Cattle Fodder (subbing swiss for the cream cheese, of course) and I love it. So many fresh veggies on a delicious ciabatta roll.  And then someone mentioned the Shrimply the Best.  AND it's sooooooo good.
Sauteed shrimp, pesto, cheese, tomatoes.  I think I'm in love.  Plus they've added a few outdoor tables which is nice since I don't know that I would ever eat in here. Which brings me to...
To get the coveted 5th star, Milk Bar has to put a smoke scrubber in. Yes, the restaurant is no smoking. But all that separates it from the adjacent bar is an interior glass door and the smoke just rolls in.OMGheeeee... The "Shrimply The Best" is completely AmazeBalls!! This sandwich is Awesome, and the prices make it even better!! The Roast Beef PoBoy is Great also!!Yum! I got the cattle fodder and enjoyed every bite!  Great menu, good quick service. Awesome lunch place. I'm considering going back for breakfast. I didn't try the milkshakes, maybe next time. :-)I only get the Thai Chili Chicken Po-Boy. It's the special written in big letters on the blackboard. It's delicious - not too salty, not too cheesy, just the right spice and the chicken is tender.
Why 4 stars? I always get a Mocha milkshake with my order. That's delicious, too, but after I finish drinking it my stomach always regret it.
Maybe I shouldn't get a milk shake with my order after all. But my friends always get one. Damn peer pressure.This part of Delachaise Street is one way. It's like a two way street with a really large median, and the buildings are in between. Some buildings go all the way through to both sides. This one is only accessed from the East. 
I had the spinach, artichoke salad and added shrimp. Was glad to see plenty of artichokes & olives, which made it very tasty. Lots of shrimp, too! Other than that, pretty standard salad.
Since everything is prepared to go, shrimp was wrapped in foil and placed inside the plastic salad container. I appreciated that so it didn't wilt the salad! Sucker was taped to the top of the box.
Went at lunchtime. Three people in front of me, but I was still out of there in less than 15 minutes.
Traveling on business, so I asked for an itemized receipt. Received a calculator tape print-out. It's definitely a small, local place, so no huge surprise there.
$8.50 - salad
$3.50 - add shrimp
$1.50 - iced tea
$1.00 - bag of chips
$15.91 - totalMilk Bar is one of those rare instances where the photo looks BETTER than how it tastes. We ordered "Shrimply the Best" - Shrimp, Pesto, Tomato, Red Onion, Mozzarella, and Lemon Mayo. When we cracked the oval sandwich open the inner steam was released and the melted cheese hung from side to side like mouth-watering jungle vines. I could *not* wait to dig in!
Except, there was one problem. You know how when fish or shrimp is on its way out it has that "fishy smell?" This sandwich had the fishy smell TASTE. I was so disappointed. This was our first meal on our vacation to New Orleans and I was so eager to try Milk Bar after all the positive reviews. The bread was *perfect.* It was flaky, chewy and I loved how it tightly ensconced everything inside without spillage. Unfortunately, all I could taste was the bread and the fishy smell. It overpowered the pesto, tomato, and lemon mayo. 
We also had our first taste of Zapp's Chips. We were bowled OVER how good the Honey Mustard chips were! We were so impressed that we even purchased some bags of Zapp's chips to bring home with us. 
The interior of the Milk Bar is cute with cartoon images of cows and pastel painted walls. The outdoor seating was also refreshing after a long drive even if your main view is a pot hole ridden street which we joked about the scene from the show Treme several times, "Pot for Potholes! Davis will Save us!"
I'd like to give Milk Bar another chance, next time I'd try the Thai Chili sandwich.Delicious and large sandwiches! Also probably one of the best milkshakes I've ever had!! I heavily recommend this place!Melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. I had the Shirley Valentine. Fresh food, good prices, daily specials. Open early 8-8 M-FTake note other sandwich places--this is how it's done. The Milk Bar is not actually a bar. It is a small place that serves big sandwiches. Bring someone to share with or be prepared to unleash your inner Joey Chestnut.  I guess taking your leftovers to go is also an option. Tucked away on Delachaise Street between Prytania and St. Charles, this is definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.
The Milk Bar offers delicious sandwiches. Last week I had the Psycho Chicken--marinated chicken, sundried tomatoes, red onion, calamata olives, mozzarella, and pesto sauce served on fresh ciabatta bread. So very tasty. This week I tried the Empirely Delicious--marinated chicken, mozzarella, romaine lettuce, and roma tomatoes tossed in caesar dressing served on fresh ciabatta. It was good, but I wasn't wowed.
Best part? Old fashioned hand dipped milkshakes. The Chocthunder from Downunder is my favorite. Yummy! There are a number of other flavors like Butterscotch Hop, Caramel Caramba, and Strawberry Fields that I'm sure are equally as delicious.
Prices are reasonable considering the portion sizes. A sandwich and a milkshake cost me around $12.  There are also a number of poboy and salad options if you'd prefer. There is also an impressive drink selection offering everything from cappuccinos to mango bango smoothies to lemon lime freezes.
Bonus: Each order is complete with a chupa chups lollipop.
Final thought: I ate lunch here by myself both times and it wasn't weird at all. So whether you're going with friends or dining solo, Milk Bar is a good choice.