Yummy tapas, cool crowd and an amazing dj. I wish I could go here every weekend, transport from SF to NOLA, well I wish I could do that for various reasons. Next time you are going to Mimi's make sure that DJ Soul Sista is spinning because you will dance your ass off all night long! I heart Mimi's.the steak is the thing to get. very well prepared, they dont ask you how you want it, they just make it.
The lamb chops were a bit over cooked and they felt elastic, like we could not byte without getting nerves on the meat. The patatas bravas were burned and even when the bartender said he was going to remove them from the bill, it never happened.
We all were all happy to come since everyone recommended the place but its just a dive bar with fancy tapas food. 
My napkin was dirty with blood or something red and the bartender just brushed me off, i was like..really? 
to his defense he was the only one working and it was sort of busy with his family there. beers are good and cocktails are good.Mimi's is my spot for late night food! They have a great menu. My favorite thing is the mushroom toast. They have dining upstairs and a balcony. Just remember, it's cash only!I would have given 5 stars, but games really don't excite me, so I'm going to deduct one star due to the apparent biohazard on the bar bev straws (photo loaded but apparently awaiting approval). However, I was excited (separately from the gaming concept) at the potential to take advantage of the small wall-based silver nub at Big Daddy's because it reminded me of a binder clip.I LOVE THIS PLACE. Our bartender was super friendly, quick on our orders, and gave some great recommendations on our food, all in the face of a rapidly growing crowd around her bar. There was some sort of dance lesson happening on the dance floor, but that soon gave way to a live band playing jazz-lounge classics, and all of it was amusing.
And the food. THE FOOD! We ordered things real tapas-style, one or two dishes at a time, until we'd had our fill. We had both specials, which were fried scallops and a local whitefish. The scallops were light, spicy and wonderful. The whitefish was delicate but slightly oversauced. We had the mushroom toast, goat cheese croquettes, patatas, the chorizo plate and Pinxos de Xocolate, which had pecans, dark chocolate, sea salt and cayenne pepper. All of it was wonderful. The drinks, simple mint juleps, were made with care.
They tout their vibe as more house party than hotspot, and it's true. It felt like having dinner and drinks at the home of a (very cool, very trendy) friend.Excellent Tapas, I say, excellent.  Try either the pork tenderloin or the goat cheese wrapped in red bell pepper.   I didn't spend much time downstairs, but the bar/lounge upstairs is infinitely hang-out-able.  It's seems to offer the best of everything: the music is very agreeable, and just the right level to facilitate both dancing and conversation.  The crowd is ecclectic, and the drinks are strong. 
There's a bar, some high top tables, several couches.  Upstairs is like a glorified living room genetically spliced with a very inviting bar.  Check it out if you're in that neck of the woods.Mimi's is 5 min walk from the FQ and have 2 bars the food is amazing and the service is good+. Try the trust me and let the chef make you a tappas that is not on the menu spacile for youFabulous funky upstairs; the tapas are great, hip crowd, good music. Downstairs it's dark and hole-in-wall with tons of pool tables. Love it, not too expensive.The people downstairs seemed to be having a good time, but it was hot.  I love the 18th century brick buildings.  I am not a bar person, but my husband and I were there for Paint Nite.  2 glasses of white wine was $24, I thought that was too high for sour wine.  We quickly went upstairs and joined the Paint Nite instructor and bartender.  The windows were open and there was a nice breeze.  We ordered a Cheese plate and crab Gaspacho, they were good and a fair price. If you are a bar person, you would probably like this place.  Street parking.Really loved the atmosphere here. Dark and intimate, a quiet escape from the craziness of Bourbon Street. It's too far to walk at night if you are staying near Canal St. We ordered the Brussels Sprouts, Lamb Chop, Escargot, and the Trust Me. Delicious! It was great for our last night in NOLA especially since we were "seafood-ed" out.Hosted the second happy hour event here for my alma mater's alumni. Yes, it's a drinking event that happens in different chapters around the US, but for us in NOLA at least, we look forward to trying the food at these spots.
We were all very excited about the tapas. The event happened early evening on Wednesday (10/26) so we got there before other groups started arriving. We got ourselves situated upstairs in a corner with comfy chairs.
There were 7 of us and we ordered a bunch of different things. I think we ended up with a plate of the croquetas, two plates of the patatas bravas, a plate of setas al ajillo, one order of coca de la casa, two orders of the steak, one plate of the salad, and two orders of the mushroom manchego toast. Unfortunately for us, they were out of empanadas. Oh, and we also ordered the Trust Me, which was an eggplant dish, and I didn't try it. Lots of delicious food.
Perhaps as expected, the mushroom manchego toast was the winner. Everyone absolutely loved it. Having said that, everything else tasted great.
I am giving 4 stars for two reasons. One, it is a little pricey. And the other reason is that I think they mixed up some of our orders. Granted, we were a big group and people kept gettin up to order more food, but one person in our party said that he ordered a dessert and we never got it. When we asked the server if we got everything, he said that we were clear. If it were me, I would've said something about the dessert that didn't come, but the person who ordered it just said that they must've written somethin else down. I mean, we were all full by this point...
Would like to go back on a Saturday night for the dancing, as it was very low key this Wednesday evening.Trust me.  Anytime you are there to tapas, one person in the group, or if you are dining solo, you need to order Trust Me.  Always worth it.  Thanks for the overwhelmingly adequate small and simple wine selection, too!  I love it when they have music upstairs, too.Goat cheese balls, deep fried and drizzled with honey (or croquetas if you're being proper) make everything better. Seriously, since moving to New Orleans, I've noticed that anytime my mood swings little low I start to crave the crispy, creamy, sweet and tart deliciousness of those goat cheese balls. And miraculously, they never fail to make me feel like things are gonna be okay. 
Also, the mushroom manchego toast is amazing and has a similar impact. I love the exposed brick atmosphere, and with the windows open, it's a fabulous place to come grab a meal and drink. I just wish the hipster vibe could get taken down a notch. Surprisingly, I have yet to come here for DJ Soul Sister on Saturday night but am seriously considering Mimi's as the venue for my first ever birthday celebration in NOLA next month! Great food, drinks and dancing? Yes, please.I am visiting New Orleans with my daughter. We rolled into NOLA quite late so we wanted to eat somewhere near our Airbnb. I wasn't too sure about this place as I wasn't too sure about "tapas". What is a tapas? A taco with a p and an a? No. Tapas are little plates of indescribable deliciousness. My daughter went for the steak and the duck poutine. Both very tasty. The steak was spiced perfectly while the duck poutine melted in your mouth. (Naturally we shared!) I actually ordered two of the trust me plates and they were great!!! I had a quail with duck sauce and a shrimp something that starts with an A(damn my hearing!!) Both delicious. However there was even something more special about this place.
    We had the best bartender ever! Her name was Renee and she made some delicious cocktails for us. Once again I went with the trust me option and I am so glad that I did. She made me three delicious drinks and very sweetly wrote down what was in each drink. You guys, a sazerac is the perfect drink!!!  She then very sweetly made us each a sample classic daiquiri to take with us on our walk home. We'll see you tomorrow! Thank you Mimi's on Marigny AND Renee for a great start to a great trip!!Absolutely fantastic experience. Loved everything about the place... the drinks were great (and reasonably priced), and the upstairs had entertaining live music and a very large audience for a Monday nigh!!! Definitely going to be back... may be my new Monday night tradition.I went to a birthday party here last night  and just confirmed my love for this place. I love the second floor. The windows were open natural light and wonderful New Orleans breeze! Made me instantly happy and relax.
I love the bartender! He was awesome and extremely friendly. Answered every question I had and even suggested drinks that would be interesting for my taste as well as some new selections. Also, any bartender who's drinks makes me send random text messages out saying I feel weird, is obviously a bartender worth visiting a lot.  Or maybe its just me .
This was my first time having tapas here talk about awesome!!! The cheeses and this puff ball filled with cheese made me want to dance in my seat.
I really love the atmosphere here and the neighborhood. This has definitely made me realize I need to go back more often for the yummy food and to see what type of text message I will send out next!Casual, amazing service, comfortable upstairs ambiance (no smoking upstairs), tapas that will blow your mind!  You walk into the place and you don't expect the wow factor on the food.  We will definitely be back - tapas:  goat cheese croquettes, steak, pork tenderloin, shrimp, fois gras on steak, mushrooms in garlic, escargot in creamy garlic sauce, lots and lots of bread.I visited a friend in NOLA for the V to the 10th celebration and she took me to Mimi's afterward.
Loved the funk music.  Loved that Abita Amber.  Loved the ecclectic mix of people.
But I mostly loved the extraordinarily hot cook that worked there.  Oh I loved him over and over again.  Mmmmhmmm.Can I say wow? From the outside and inside you might think hipster divy bar. Move past those assumptions. The beer list is good (for New Orleans). They have a very reasonably priced tapas menu that is eclectic and absolutely delicious. It is far enough away from the tourists that the crowd and vibe is fun. Not a review of the night life here (Easter Sunday at 9:30). Service took a nosedive as we stayed. Food gets 5 stars.If you want food then you do best to stay away from this place. We ordered the brussel sprouts amongst other foods. We got 7 sprouts for the price of 8 dollars. If this isn't overpriced I don't know what is. Beer is also way too overpriced compared to other places just a block away. The food is not even that good. Ours arrived black as char and the garnishing couldn't save it even though they apparently tried.Get to Mimi's on Tuesday nights where at 9pm-ish chanteuse Linzzi Zaorske & Delta Royale perform upstairs.After a half set of Linzzi you will think you are in Paris' Le Caveau or NYC's Rainbow Room ca 1940. Great music and great food.This place is great. A little loud but oh man! The food is stunningly good. Yay Mimi!Great Saturday night spot to hit up, especially when DJ Soul Sista is rockin' the house. I've been getting my 80's groove on at One Eyed Jacks but for shaking my booty to some 70's funk and R&B, this is the best spot in city (aside from my living room!)...
Mimi's is actually two bars - one downstairs, kinda standard with nice long bar and pool table and one upstairs with a lounge like feel on one side and a small bar and high tables on the other side. In the middle of the upstairs bar is the dance floor and DJ Soul Sista kicked much ass on the turntables. A couple o'saturdays ago, I got there around 11 pm as she was just warming up the Technics. Since I grew up the son of a DJ during the glory days of funk, it did not take me long before I was getting my groove on at the bar. I met some friendly bachelorette partiers who bought me drinks and let me share their tapas orders - which Mimi's also does very well. After a nibble or two, it was off to the dance floor with the bachelorettes and my other friends and I was on the floor for hours. So was everyone else - the place was packed.  Definitely a good sat nite spot. C'ya there this weekend!Interesting vibes, great drinks and good food. 
There are tons of good things in the menu. If you are indecisive as I am, just let the Chef take over and make you a "trust me." Trust me, it will not disappoint.This is a great place!  The food is really awesome  and so well prepared even very late at night!  Impressive!  The only reason I can't give it five stars is because ordering the  food took waaayyy too long!  But I will definitely be back!What a joke... I call in to put a Togo order and they say they aren't taking any over the phone. So I ask them if I come in and place one would that be ok, they said yes. I figured maybe they got burned on over the phone Togo orders, no biggie I'll drive and order it there. When I arrived the bartender said the kitchen isn't doing Togo order and I said why? I just spoke to someone saying that they will if I come in. Than the bartender says I think it has to do with them not having Togo containers... REALLY!!! I said can't you just find a styrofoam cup or something to put it in, he says umm... Let me go check... And comes back and say no they won't. Wow some great management they have there, turning down business like its nothing. Very disappointing!Nice environment upstairs with live music some nights. There were several groups of friendly people sitting around enjoying the food and wine. 
As I was traveling alone, I sat at the bar for a beer and some tapas. The drinks were reasonably priced but not cheap by any means. The tapas were hit and miss. 
I had the grilled steak and goat cheese croquetes. The goat cheese was delicious, crispy fried, and warm. The steak was grilled on the outside but raw in the center. I enjoy rare steak but this was beyond that level and not a cut of meat that lent itself to undercooking. That being said, the balsamic glaze on the steak was perfect. 
The staff were friendly and responsive. 
Overall, I would visit again but order different tapas.Everytime im in nola, this is the place where i have to go. While service at the bar wasnt very good this time round the food never dissapoints.Great neighborhood bar.  I've never eaten here, only been very very very drunk.  
They have free live music on the second floor (but where is the music not free in in NOLA?!)  a pool table and a juke box on the first floor.
Plus it's cleaner than many other places in the city which makes for a welcome change.This place is without a doubt one of the best hidden gems I have ever been to. Bourbon street is great, frenchmens street is awesome. This place makes me want to move in across the street and never venture out anywhere else!!!The food is delicious. The bartender is the meanest person I have ever met in the service industry. He yelled at me after I left him a huge tip because someone had taken my table. I have never met a more rude bartender in my life. I left Mimis in tears for the gross mistreatment.I have personally eaten upwards of 30x here as I live nearby and have never had a bad meal. Favorites - goat cheese croquettes, mushroom manchego toast, patatas bravas, beef empanadas, grilled steak, roasted pork, and the cheese plate. However, a few of my friends have made the mistake of ordering the calamari. It's not fried as they had assumed and it's absolutely terrible according to them. I was told by one of the bartenders that they are going to be updating the menu soon, not sure what is staying and what is going, but I'm confident it will remain delicious!! Best part is that the kitchen is open 6pm-2am everyday, except on fri & sat until 4am!!!!!Consistently the best food I have ever had after midnight anywhere. Get the lamb lollipops and the cheese toast thing.Good bar. Good beer. Good vibe. Dark. Old. Great tapas at any hour -- super late-night food that's not horrible for your health.F. Yeah. In town for a conference, felt a little intimidated by the menu. (Vegetarian, gluten free.) The cook came out and told me to order the Trust Me (mystery food!) and went back into the kitchen. When he ducked out 10 minutes later and winked at my boyfriend, I knew something awesome was about to happen to my mouth. The dish he gave me was so spot on to my tastes that it was like he went in back, smoked a j, and magically divined my perfect dish. Bartender was a great guy, too. Hell, I'd hang out here all the time just to shoot the shit and keep eating that culinary magic that cook pulled out.  Thank you, Mimi's. bomb dinner and experience.2 stories, great unique feel, open very late, lively&local crowd, serves food. Overall a very cool neighborhood bar. 1st floor is pretty divey but 2nd floor turns into a dance floor.
When I was there a couple weeks ago, my friends trickled out starting at 3:30am. Next thing I knew I was by myself at 5:00am.amazing food that poor people can buy!  this place is real, and my new haunt.  love love love.Was there for the first time on June 28th with a friend. I am a trans female and even though I was dressed pretty and had long hair, make-up and jewelry on, the bartender insisted on calling me "sir". Even after I corrected him and told him that I preferred "Ma'am" or "Miss", he came right back and did it again, and this after I'd already tipped him for the first round of drinks! So when I didn't tip him for the second round, he made it a point to loudly exclaim: "Oh, exact change! That's just perfect!"  We left because it was clear that the bar--or at least that bartender (overweight white mail with short ponytail)--was not LGBT friendly.Being an old lady at heart, I can't rate the bar for its ambiance or "vibe" in good conscience. However, I CAN rate the appetizers, beer, and service.
Companions enjoyed all the beer they tried. We all enjoyed the mushroom-y manchego toast and goat cheese croquetas (multiple times), and the service was lovely.Had so much fun here! We started at another bar and came here at the advice of a nice local, who informed us of Swing Dance night, which was the best thing ever. Met so many fun people that made the rest of our trip to NOLA so fun. Great music!! Danced the night away. (I even met a celebrity.)Until last night I've been going to Mimi's for a few years mainly on the Friday nights when they have the DJs that spin the oldies upstairs. I've always enjoyed the music and the mix of people who also attended.
Now due to the "No Smoking" policy for upstairs (only) I find that I'll start going elsewhere.
I SUPPORT the owners/management's right to this policy. After all,I wore our countries uniform for 26 years to give them that right.
That being said,l have lately on those particular nights,found attendance has dropped upstairs while it's packed downstairs where you can smoke. Also the toilet upstairs is still "Under Renovation" and has been for a few months. The sound system is now on the blink too.
I voiced my opinion to the staff and heard the standard lame excuse on smoking.
I found that excuse rather humorous as they have a cigarette machine at the foot of the stairs. They also have a bowl on top of it where you can help yourself to FREE condoms for any sex you might get lucky at.  AND DON'T FORGET they sell booze so that when you get in your car after you're smashed from drinking you can run the  risk killing yourself or someone while driving drunk.
I'll return to spend my money there if / when the music is downstairs where smoking is allowed or the owner / management change  their upstairs policy.Go on a Saturday night and prepare to sweat buckets upstairs with DJ Soul Sister. She may be the greatest funk/soul/disco DJ of all time. She will drop groove bombs all night long, mixing in classic cuts and crazy rarities only a devout funk apostle would recognize. Mimi's is THE dance party on a Saturday night.Cheap Drinks + DJ Soul Sister + Good Looking and Eclectic Crowd makes this place an instant go to on any Friday/Saturday night... the downside is that the parking nearby can be very difficult and its a little bit off the beaten path... however only two bars really rival the place for its title as best hipster dance bar in the city... The Saint and the Saturn Bar and neither of them has the tapas that Mimi's does.. meaning Mimi's gets the win!Mimi's has been my "cheers" for as long as I've been old enough to drink. I love all my bartenders there and they always treat me right. The tapas menu is unpretentious and delicious at a reasonable price point for small plates. The drinks are not cheap but you won't find any high dollar cocktail menus here. There's a decent selection of beer with plenty of stuff on tap (downstairs). 
   One of the best parts of mimis is its two distinctive bar vibes. Downstairs tends to feel more like a normal bar with a pool table and a Galaga/Pac-Man machine. Upstairs is more quiet and intimate and has small bands playing acoustically on some nights. Upstairs is a good date spot while downstairs is a great place to shoot the shit.  They won't put up with any BS in either tho so make sure you check your jerk hat at the door.5 Stars for DJ Soul Sista.
She spins the funk that gets your soul dancing.
She attracts a diverse and hella fun crowd and the tunes from her fingers get everyone sweatin and groovin on the dance floor.
Also and by the way, Soul Sista's nights at Mimi's are a hidden NOLA jewel. The city is very thankful to her for bringin the funk to the Marigny.great wine and food. This place is open late which makes it my jam. The only think I don't really enjoy is the crowd. Its a little bit too dirty hipster for my liking but hey, a few good glasses of wine and you don't even notice.Food was amazing! Loved the charred romaine as weird as that sounds. Ate family style with a group of friends, loved every bite.Head upstairs for non-smoking comfort and great music. Try the mushroom manchego toast. Delicious.- Wins:
- Mushroom Manchago Toast! Yum!! We came here to eat after a bad meal at Herbsaint
- They serve great tapas that are well priced
- The chef - He was very friendly, knowledgable, loved his craft and recommended Bacchanal Wine which was wonderful
- Door guy was great
Opportunities:
- The bar tender upstairs was not very friendly
- Downstairs is smoky and they lock the windows at 9pm
Overall, this is a great neighborhood bar/tapas restaurant that you should check out.Mimi's is awesome for swing dancing - especially when the floor starts bouncing!
Meschiya Lake is a must see here - a trip to NOLA is not complete without her!If this little secret werent already out, I'd keep it to myself. 
I love tapas. Once I saw the menu here I had my heart set on it. After a few months I made my way to the Bywayter and I'm so glad I did! THIS is the tapas I've been looking for. Similar to what I know and love in Boston.  
Downstairs is smoky, which is just gross... so sadly, I won't be enjoying the pool table or liveliness.  Upstairs is smoke free (+1 for offering that!).  It was surprisingly quiet and mellow on a Friday night.  But I'm told people don't show up here till the wee hours.  The bartender was funny and lively. Gladly whipping me up a unique cocktail since they dont offer sangria. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I ordered several tapas and let me tell you that they were all delicous. I would never expect that kind of food out of a bar (let alone this kind of bar).  My favorite was the shrimp with manchego. I could eat that all night.  
The decor is eclectic.  Its a hippy and hipster kind of scene.  There are paintings on the wall of nude women that are holding dead animals.  There are toy dolls covered in marker hanging from the ceiling.... if you can get past the looks, it really is a cool place.  
There wasnt any music playing while I was there.  But I'd love to come back when there is! I hear theres dancing on Saturday.I'm a native who was in town for the weekend. We went here with a group of 7-8 people Sunday before Memorial Day and I've truly never been treated with so much disdain at a restaurant/bar. I promise we were very polite (2 people in our group are servers in New Orleans), but they just plain hated us. We wanted to order food (it was a birthday celebration), but when the bartender saw that we wanted to order a lot he demanded that everyone order immediately, and all at once because "we don't want to come in and out of the kitchen all night." He tossed a pad of post-its and told us we had to write everything down. Rude, and nonsensical, but fine. We did what he asked and wrote everything down. We ordered several hundred dollars of food and wine over the course of an hour or two, and you would think we farted every time someone came over to the table. Once when someone brought out one of our orders we asked if she could take a couple empty plates away. She sighed loudly and said, "UM, you can bring the empty plates to the bar, but I don't do that. I work in the kitchen, I am NOT a server" before storming off. That's an ok rule, but who was going to tell us? Did we need to be shit on at every interaction, every time we ordered another drink? It became a running joke for the rest of the night, trying to figure out what we could have done to piss them off so much. We were all dressed reasonably well, were polite, not too noisy, etc, etc. Of course gratuity was added, which we paid to the penny. I tried to bring the check to the bartender (it was hundreds of dollars in cash that we didn't want to leave on the table), but the guy wouldn't even acknowledge me. I finally put the wad down on the bar and walked out. One of us heard that the kitchen is totally separate from the bar, and the bartenders hate it when people order food. That wouldn't explain why the kitchen employee (who is NOT a server, mind you) hated us, too. I'll never know, because none of us will ever set foot in there again. Too bad. The food was actually wonderful. Really.Awesome Saturday night hang out with real soul music!Wow~!
The tapas on the second floor are amazing!
One meal I will never forget - seriousHooray for Mimi's!!  It was so awesome to discover this amazing bar that has the right amount of diveyness to it, and serves delicious tapas!  The bartenders seem to be very cool and mellow too.  I had the mushroom toasts, and they were yummy! This place is just a very cool, neighborhood bar that I was so stoked to come across in the Marigny. 
(Not sure if anyone else has ever experienced this there, but I think I might of had a ghostly encounter....It was kind of weird, but cool, I've tried to find if Mimi's has any record of this, but haven't found anything..Maybe I'm just hoping...)Ahhhh... so many a drunken night at Mimi's. Aaaah the memories! Let's see if I can get this right.... Mimi used to work at DBA here in NYC's East Village.They opened a DBA in New Orleans and she went down there to bartend. Then, somewhere along the way, some of the backers of DBA found a cool spot in the Marigny to open a bar and Mimi was going to manage it. It wasn't her idea to name the place Mimi's but everyone loved the name so much that it became.... Mimi's!
Well, Mimi is a beautifully, wonderfully friendly person and she's at the bar everyday. The restaurant upstairs is not a run by her but by a guy named Joaquin. He's a great guy too and the menu he created is awesome. Get the mushroom toast. HOLY MOLY delicious! The meat and cheese plate is good to nibble on as you're sipping some beer from the bar. But yeah, every dish I've had out of that kitchen rocks and with Mimi's bar it's a whole lotta fun.Mimi's was a revelation. Joan at the bar was wonderful and could not have been more helpful in catering our experience and our server (Alex I think?) was fantastic. This is a must go, bring cash and get the Trust Me.You can play your own music from the electronic Jukebox and there is a pool table. The best part about this bar is their tapas menu. You can not come here and not have the goat cheese and manchego toast or the goat cheese empanadas. It's a great place for groups and the staff is super friendly.Great tapas (best salad I've ever had in my life- a romano wedge grilled! amazing). Great live music.I love you mushroom manchego toast! But happily I can make a similar version at home for a fraction of the price.
I love you live music, but not the tiny dance floor that is almost too small to swing on :)
I love you friendly bar feel, but not the huge cockroaches in the bathroom and dead under the downstairs tables.
In general, Mimi's in the Marigny=love/hate.Mimi's is my place! Now that I live so close, I have easy access and I'm loving it (obviously... just see all my check-ins). I hadn't eaten here in a long while and I guess last night I was feeling ambitious because I ordered 4 small plates, ostensibly to share with my friend, but I'm pretty sure I dominated most of those plates. 
Pro tip: eat upstairs to avoid the smoky first level. Plus, you get to hear fantastic live acts in a little jazz club kind of setting. It's out of an other era, say the 1930s, when jazz clubs were de rigueur.
Note: the menu contains "tapas" but know that the portions are actually midway between a small plate and a regular entree. First, the marinated olives.  A nice selection of my favorite olives in a tasty, herbed olive oil, served with this incredible olive bread. Next: Spanish cheeses (I don't know what they are, but they are fiiiiine), drizzled with honey and sprinkled with pistachios. For around 8 dollars, it's the size of a cheese plate that you typically spend about 12 on elsewhere (look at my oh-so-helpful photo)! More bread... oh yes. Have I mentioned I eat bread at most once or twice a week? I'm just not that into it and feel it's empty filler. The olive bread here is worth indulging, my friends! And then: patatas bravas. The. Best. I've. Ever. Had. The potatoes are browned and crisp without being burnt and come in a spicy red sauce and aioli. Are you exclaiming Jesus Christ Almighty! yet? No? Well, then how about some alcachofa confit pinxo (a rich artichoke puree on bread with greens). Now you're screaming it. Don't lie.
And wine. Malbec. Three glorious glasses. 
We came for the Gal Holiday and the Honky Tonk Revue show and I don't know if I've had such a perfect evening of good food, wine and music combined in a gorgeous setting in a long, long time. I didn't want to leave (hey, there are those couches for sleeping, no?) I felt like I was taking the longest, hottest, most fragrant bath ever.
Mimi's, I love you!A rare 5 stars for the amazing food! Surprise!! And hoppin music. Every tapa we ordered was delicious. Drinks were fun, southern louisiana style, and good. Pool, booths, cool bar downstairs, and redic happy looking upstairs dance club.  I loved the hipster atmosphere. This is no classy club - it's like dancing in your living room with a bunch of your friends. Nice lighting, good dub step, although a little white - I guess to be expected of the hipster dive. Also out of the tourist area so walk/cab it/drive.This review is not for the food, only for the bar and dance party scene on Saturday nights...
Came here one Saturday night with the bf to get a couple drinks and dance the night away to the beloved DJ Soul Sister. We got there a little late to start off the night (1am) but were pleased to find that the place was still lively and super packed.
Started off downstairs with a few drinks, which were all nicely made by a friendly bartender and then made our way upstairs.
The air conditioning was broken. It's New Orleans in July. You do the math.
It wasn't just hot, it was absolutely unbearable. Usually DJ Soul Sister attracts a massive crowd, packing people like sardines in the entire upstairs area. Today however, there were maybe 40 people tops. I wonder if the air conditioning and the small crowd correlates...
Disappointed, we went downstairs only to find Mimi's invaded by "bros" acting like monkeys and being totally annoying. I already had 4 years of Uptown Tulane douchiness at bars when I went to school there. I came to Mimi's to escape that. The Marigny is not in the douchy bro's vocabulary!
... Or so I thought. 
Oh. I almost forgot. Soon thereafter, I received an anti-gay, completely not funny joke by another random douche. 
It didn't take long for us to leave with a sour taste in both of our mouths after that...Hands down my favorite late night spot! The food is not bar food so this lures me in every time. The goat cheese croquettes drizzled in honey are to die for!The best late night eats in New Orleans.  Reasonably-priced tapas that are amazingly tasty.  You have to get the goat cheese croquettes, mushroom manchengo cheese toast, lamb chops, and the steak.  The "Trust Me" has been incredible 3 out of 4 times, with 1 time only being very good.  Dinner until 2am on weeknights and 4am on weekends.This was the best food we had on our two week trip, and without breaking the bank.  The potatoes, brussel sprouts and lamb tapas were very very good.  The ambience was dark and intimate, the perfect place for an unpretentious, laid back meal or snack.Initially had a good experience here for my first time here and most of the staff were cordial. I'm in town for work for 6 months and have been enjoying exploring different neighborhoods. I had had two beers the entire night so I was sober despite it being St Patrick's day. As I went to leave to go take a work conference call, I walked out a door that evidently I wasn't supposed to walk out of, I didn't even realize it wasn't the door I walked in. A staff member dressed it what seemed like pajama pants who was outside immediately started cursing me out asking me what the f%$@ I was thinking and was I f%$&ing born yesterday. Completely taken off guard I didn't even know how to respond. He continued to curse me out and yell at me for inadvertently exiting through the door that was the door I thought I had walked in. I bartended and managed bars for years and was completely floored by how extremely rude he was. I would have loved to come back but don't think I can spend any money at this establishment after that experience.Mimi's is a bit too loud to talk in, so that's a little unfortunate. The prices are good... I just had a beer. A band was playing upstairs, and it was good. The crowd is friendly. The floor is a little sticky, so if you're not in the mood for that or the noise I recommend you go to a different bar. I had a good time here though, so I'm giving Mimi's four stars.On a whim, I went to Mimi's. I read the reviews and honestly had no idea what to expect. First off, the Bywater is becoming my favorite place in New Orleans. Super cool neighborhood with tons of on street parking and really cool places to eat and drink.
I walked into Mimi's after I park less than 200' from the door and fell in live that instant. Pool tables and and a great bar downstairs, then I walked upstairs!!!
One of the hippest coolest rooms ever, exposed brink and warm lighting, hardwood floors and old French windows and doors.
Don't forget it's cash only!
If you do, they have an ATM.
The small plates are incredible! I have the olives and the cheese plate, then the "trust me" which is basically the chefs special, tonight it was pasta with roasted duck and a great light sauce.
To finish I had the fig, date and blue cheese plate, they put it in the dessert section for a reason! It's delish!
The food was outstanding, the staff was friendly and helpful and the vibe was cool and very laid back.
I will be back often!Never been impressed. If coming to New Orleans and spending time with hipsters, seeing hipsters on the street, or drinking with people who are convinced everyone around them is from New Orleans is your kind of idea of a good time, then this is the place to go. Other than that, there isn't much special about this place.Dingy place with a interesting vibe (borderlines chill and fight club). Quirky place. You should check out the photos they have between the stairs. They have a bigger upstairs, but downstairs is much more fun with a pool table (costs only 50 cents to play a round) and pac-man game. 
The reason I came here, though, was for the food, so here it is:
Manchego & Mushroom Toast - !@#$ing get it! You won't regret. It's so much more than toast. The flavors are rich and texture is creamy and slightly sticky. Wish we had more toast, however.
Escargots - Meh. Not my favorite. I didn't think there was enough flavor to cut into the snail taste (you know what I mean...if you don't, it's kinda like meaty dirty). I've had better.
Lamb chops - I love lamb chops and I thought this would be my favorite plate from Mimi's, yet it was missing something for me. If you like simply charred lamb on a acidic backdrop, this may be for you. 
There wasn't a crowd when we got here, so I thought we would be treated with a little more attention, but the bartender was too cool for us--I guess. It shouldn't be that difficult to get someone's attention when there's only 3 other people at the bar...
Overall, I love the toast and pool table, but could pass on the other stuff. 
Would recommend to other people, but only if they get the toast and like a hipster atmosphere.There are very few places that you can find a comfortable bar feel with amazing made to order prepared with passion and love food. 
Many people only know Mimi's from the battles over live music and their first floor chill neighborhood vibe. But those who really know Mimi's know their chef and the amazing food that comes out of the kitchen. 
Order the "Trust Me" and if you need give your dietiary resitrictions - I always have to ask for gluten free - and you won't be disappointed. Besides isn't there something nice about just trusting the chef to prepare you something they know you will enjoy? 
This really can be the bar that everyone knows your name and also the gourmet food stop for a date night.I adore Mimi's. The food is consistently amazing. I've been a hundred times (at least), and it would get 5 stars if the bartenders didn't have a tendency to get a bit testy from time to time (but hey, I would too I suppose)...
Get the goat cheese croquettes. Now. I mean it - go get them. Maybe two orders. ;)We love rhe tapas! Original, delicious and very reasonably priced. The bar was fun and the neighborhood very authentic. We ate great, had a good time and didnt feel like tourists.Love, love, love this place. 
Food is excellent. People are amazing. Drinks are killer. Music is the best.
Makes me want to move to the Marigny.Wow this was one of the best bars I've been to during my NOLA trip. It does have an award for Best Neighborhood Bar. Located in Marigny far from the tourist spot French Quarter. This bar is open until 4am and serves bomb food late night! Very decent pricing! We ordered lamb chops, grilled pork tenderloin, and "Trust Me" which is a surprise menu. Everything was delicious! I would've probably paid $80+ in Los Angeles for all these food but not here in Mimi's! The chef came out and hand-delivered our surprise menu..who does that esp at 1am?! The drinks were awesome as well. I also love the ambience in this place and how chill the crowd was. Will def come back here on my next visit!My fellow yelpers made me have such high expectations for this neighborhood spot. I was looking forward to good food and drinks and maybe some good live music. 
Unfortunately, sometimes the people that work at a place can kill your experience from the moment it begins. We arrived a bit early this is true but our bartender didn't bother to give us any information and it wasn't til later that we were told by our B&B hosts that the kitchen didn't open til 6 and the bands didn't start playing til 9. 
Our bartender even refused to tell me about the specials or give me some idea as to what I should order for drinks. My BF ordered the bloody mary because others on Yelp had raved about it and he basically said "IT WAS NOTHING TO WROTE HOME ABOUT"...AKA he had better in New Orleans. 
I tried to ask the bartender for a suggestion and her response was "Uh, you could order whatever" and shrugged. I resolved to order a cosmo since that is one of my back-up drinks. It was just OK. She also let us sit there for 5-10 minutes with empty glasses even though the bar was COMPLETELY EMPTY except for a handful of people that were drinking merrily in the corner. I couldn't stand the bartenders lack of attention. Never mentioned the food, music or anything, it was like she thought we didn't belong and wanted us to KNOW it and get the hell out.Came here for a conference happy hour and decided to be brave and order both the Trust Me cocktail and the Trust Me appetizer. You tell them what you won't eat/drink and they fashion something totally random and unbelievable for you. I ended up with a basil gin lemonade that made me dream of being in a sunny field full of wildflowers and shrimp and green bean tempura. Wondeful staff, amazing food, classy drinks. You won't regret a visit to Mimi's. Trust me.Came to this bar for Halloween night. What a treat! As a tourist it was fantastic to party with the locals! After 3 days in the French Quarter - I had started to think that nobody lived in NOLA. Was I wrong! The music was great! All in all - an awesome night.How come some of the best food I've had in New Orleans comes from a hipster bar? Seriously, they should open up their own separate restaurant.