Crab ragoons were very good.  Lo main and shrimp fried rice was just ok. Boneless chicken was good.  Big portions. Very bland.   Not much flavor. I do like they are pet friendly with outdoor seating .What a pleasant surprise! I have never eaten here before, but this is our new and only place for Chinese!My favorite Chinese restaurant in New Orleans. Food is always fresh, nice ambiance, and staff is always friendly!Good neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Very clean & quick service.I ordered from Ming's on a whim thru Uber Eats (never heard of them before). Not only was the food delicious, but it also arrived hot. The egg drop soup is velvety and tasty, and the crab rangoons were some of the best I've ever had. Definitely a hidden gem, and would order from them in a heartbeat.We were greeted and sat right away. Staff was awesome and all super friendly. Cool decor and very inviting environment. I was very pleased when alcohol wasn't pushed on my wife and I as it has at most restaurants on our trip
Food was very good, awesome  crab Rangoon and very fresh ingredients with the rest of the meal. We also ordered the pot stickers and Kung Pao shrimp, I would recommend all and would happily return.
Great job guys!I thought the food was just okay. We've been searching for a good Chinese place here in the city. Based on the Yelp star rating, I thought this was it. There was some good and some not so good things about this place. 
First the good:
-The prices are good
-The service was quick, and the table stayed free of empty plates
-Lots of parking out back
-Clean dining area 
Not so good:
-We all found the food to be very average Chinese. 
-There were very little substitutions for the lunch menu. One of us requested more veggies and no rice. No go. 
-Shrimp is in EVERYTHING. Or at least that's what it felt like. I couldn't eat the fried rice, egg rolls, or won ton soup because of my shrimp allergy.  It was a major disappointment for them to not offer shrimp free versions of those staples. 
Overall, not bad. It just missed the mark for me on a few points.It's rare that I can say this about a newly opened restaurant on my first visit, but Ming's was flawless.
We had egg drop soup, steamed dumplings, chicken lettuce wraps, Mandarin chicken, and bok choy with black mushrooms, and every bite was terrific!
And, the place was spotless. :)I absolutely loved this restaurant. I ordered to go so cannot comment on that part of the service but my order was ready very very promptly. They forgot nothing and there was enough sauce for everything (something restaurants usually neglect) the duck sauce/mustard are not in the baggies but in containers. The egg rolls are large and very good. The crab rangoons are also large and amazing. Worth it. I had the garlic chicken, shrimp with vegs and combo lo mein. The veggies were delicious. The sauce was light and amazing. I will definitely be eating here again.Not the best Chinese I've ever had the chicken was mediocre but still tasty honestly couldn't tell the difference between the orange chicken & general tsos...probably best crab Rangoon I've ever had tho! Amazing real crab & lots of it they are big n full :)Excellent Chinese restaurant. Food is wonderful. Prices are quite reasonable. Atmosphere is good. Their lunch specials are quite the bargain.Best Chinese in the city,The pot stickers were fantastic. The only negative is that the BBQ Ribs could have been cooked a lot more. They were busy on a Monday night and there was only one server. She did a fine job. Go for the fried rice and the Sweet and Sour Pork. Full Bar and great parkingSo many reasons to love this place. 1. The food is AMAZING. I'm not typically a fan of Chinese food, and Ming's has changed that for me. I'm happy to order Ming's anytime someone suggest Chinese. 2. We had a friend over with an allergy to pineapple. We called to ask if the duck sauce had pineapple in it. They took the time to double confirm with the kitchen and call us back tell us it had a little bit of pineapple juice in it. Saved the night!! Great food, great service. We recommend to everyone.One of the most mediocre Chinese restaurants I've ever been to. General Tso's chicken left much to be desired. Their unique hot & sour soup was meh. Don't waste your time.First time I've tried a Chinese restaurant that I actually love. The food was cooked fresh on sight and not frozen crap everyone else cooks. Egg rolls that u could tell were hand rolled and cooked fresh only because the ingredients were good tasting and full not to much doe and air. We also had soup and it was tasty and hot. Most places u can't get hot and sour soup and actually get what it says it is hot and sour. Loved it. Lo mein was freshly cooked and welly seasoned. Sweet and sour pork was hand cut and breaded it tasted good. Over all I live on the West Bank  side of New Orleans and it was amazing food definitely will be going back.The vegetable spring rolls are delicious. Most of the chicken dishes are great as well. Though the lo mein is simply angle hair pasta.Great food and atmosphere. Big portions, impecable service. Pan fried pot stickers were the best I've ever had.Wow, the food was great and the service was awesome! The cost is definitely more than the hole in the wall places, but the food quality is so much better. Large portions of everything, we took home plenty of food for leftovers.Came here with a work group. The hot & sour soup was great! Then had the moo goo gai pan. The food had a good flavor and the vegetables were fresh! Great place to bring a date or some friends. I will for sure try it again.Local Chinese! 
This was our first trying Ming's! It was a tad busy so we just sat at the bar until our table was ready (about 15 minutes wait). Our waiter was super friendly and helpful in picking what to order. 
We ordered the Cho Cho App, Sweet and Sour Soup, Mongolian Beef, Orange Chicken, and Pork Panfried Noodles. The Cho Cho App was delicious, like a dumpling inside of a fried wonton. The sweet and sour soup had a thick/slimy texture... I'm not sure if is the authentic way of how its made, but it was very different. The Monogolian Beef was flavorful, which other entrees lacked. The pan fried noodles were thin and crispy, but maybe not my favorite. I do agree that it has better quality, but its a bit pricey. The portions are large so I would say bring more than two people! 
Although the service was a bit slow, our server was extremely friendly and made our experience more enjoyable. If you happen to stop by, you must try the Cho Cho!We have eaten at Ming's twice with good results.  This past weekend we picked up pork fried rice and one dinner to share.  Both dishes had very little flavor and we had to 'doctor' them up.  Will give it one more chance, there are other Chinese rest. in the area to put up with just o k food.Awesome XO Beef. It was very tender and had a great flavor. The eggroll was great as well. Highly recommended.Best Chinese in the city since Katrina! Reasonably priced lunches and excellent tasting food!Excellent Chinese food. Came here for lunch one afternoon. The General Tso's chicken was very good and a very healthy portion for a lunch special. You also have to have the crab rangoons, probably the highlight of the meal.  Service was excellent for being crowded. Definitely stop in if you're in the Lakefront area!Best Chinese food I have had in a long time! Lived in CA growing up where you could always find a good place. I live in Texas now where Chinese is not as common as Tex Mex. Glad we ventured off the beaten path and tried Ming's. Great service! We ordered the pot sticker dumplings, egg drop soup, wontons, lemon chicken and Mongolian beef. All of it was great and excellent quality! We will be back next time we are in the area for sure!Wow, we told Chef Ming we had a special birthday among visiting family. We were served amazing Appetizers and then the gates flooded open with chicken served with asparagus and green beans. The other dish was a platter of Lobster with a Cantonese sauce. The entire party agreed this is the best Chinese Food in NOLA!!Pleasantly surprised to have such a great Chinese place close to home!! I'll be back for more Ming's!One of the best Chinese places to eat!! A must to try is the crab Rangoon, egg rolls and combination (house fried) rice. Dear god I am hook like a fish!Absolutely delicious. Not a single issue or complaint to be made. Ate lunch there with a group, food was fast and extremely appetizing. All of us enjoyed the food immensely. One person got the fried chicken plate and couldn't believe how much the portion was. I'm only in town for a work trip and sad that I only discovered this place on my last day. Wish I could go back.As a person who likes to travel I have had great Chinese food from all over the country and New Orleans is one city that horribly lacks credible Chinese food. I was told how great Ming's was so I went with a few friends on Christmas Eve for a traditional Chinese Christmas meal. I began with cho cho's which was good but not as good as the ones at China Doll. Then we proceeded to order the soups. I had my usual hot and sour soup which again I thought was just ok. Prepared to order the Peking Duck like in the movie A Christmas Story I did not see it on the menu and was fortunate when the waitress told me it was on special so I proceeded to order it as my entree. My friends ordered the standard Chinese fair, salt and pepper pork, shrimp in lobster sauce and Mongolian beef. Well everyone got their food but me which was fine because I knew that my order would take a minute. So the time kept on ticking and my friends were almost finished their meal when mine finally arrived about 20 minutes after my friends ordered. Turns out the duck meat and skin was pulled off the bone and served with sticky buns and hoisin sauce to make a sandwiches out of. Maybe this should have been an appetizer because needless to say I got way more bread than meat. I was supposed to get brown rice with this dish that I ended up never getting and not needing anyway. The owner did come and apologize and I expected maybe a free cocktail or taking the appetizer off the bill, nope all I got was an "Im Sorry" and worse off made the mom coming out of the kitchen to apologize seemed mighty awkward considering she obviously didnt speak much English. Their lunch menu seems to be a much better deal than their dinner menu which is standard at most Chinese restaurants. After this experience though I dont know if I will ever be back. I have come to the conclusion that this is a Vietnamese town and trying to get a fix on great Chinese food in New Orleans is near impossible.It looks a lot more like a New Orleans seafood joint than a Chinese joint from the outside.  The food was alright but really heavy on the pork and light on the shrimp in the shrimp fried rice.  I probably wouldn't make a special trip out here just to eat here and I would probably end up at one of the other restaurants in the area before eating here.  Inside was nice and clean with attentive staff.  The food at dinner might perhaps be better than the lunch experience I had as I just found my food on the bland side.  If I lived in Lakeview I would probably stop in to eat here when I needed some Chinese and they do seem to have some decent lunch specials along with a lot of parking.  It is very hard to tempt me in here though with Russel's Marina Grill and Two Tony's so VERY near.I found a new gem in Lakeview. I ordered combo rice with no pork and it was good. The service was good and I was greeted when I arrived. Today I'm trying the sweet and sour shrimp. Let's see how it goes!Solid place. Several tasty dishes as Chinese food goes in Nola. Basic Mandarin chicken is done quite well. Avoid ordering the pressed duck, my first major disappointment.Ming's is pretty good. They have Ma Po Tofu on their lunch menu, which is such a rarity (and it was delicious). Service was sufficient... not great, but they were busy, so they get a pass. 
It's slightly more expensive than the usual hole-in-the-wall takeout Chinese for lunch, but it's much, much higher quality.This is the best Chinese food that I've eaten in New Orleans, and is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the entire country. The ingredients are fresh, and the portions are generous. The service is very attentive and efficient, also.I ordered from Ming's on a whim thru Uber Eats (never heard of them before). Not only was the food delicious, but it also arrived hot. The egg drop soup was velvety and tasty, and the crab rangoons were some of the best I've ever had. Definitely a hidden gem, and would order from them again in a heartbeat.Our go-to restaurant for take-out in Metairie was Great Wall, but after the owners retired and sold the business, we were happy to find Ming's.  Very pleasant staff.   Tasty, high quality food.  Atmosphere inside is nice as well with a nice patio outside.Yum!  How can I live in this neighborhood, eat regularly at Russell's, and NEVER hear about Ming's?  From the Mai Tai's to the Mango Daiquiris, the cho cho's, crab Rangoons, salt and pepper shrimp, EVERYTHING was fantastic!  Can't wait to go back and try other options.Great visit! Super service, very clean and wonderful food! We are so happy this restaurant has opened close to us. Huge servings also which is a plus.
Must try the curry noodle dish!Love this nearby spot for their fresh and tasty Chinese fare. This is not your typical Chinese takeout place, Ming's uses high quality ingredients and offers a sit-down restaurant experience. Everything we've tried has been delicious.Very clean restaurant with a friendly wait staff. Food was incredible. I've found my new Chinese restaurant and have to break up with China Rose now. Huge portions and very tasty food. It would seal the deal for me if they delivered!  A+Went there for the first time on 6/25/15. The food was great, service was wonderful and the lunch prices were affordable.  This restaurant will definitely be in my rotation of great lunch spots, as I work in Metairie.It was decent.  It had a great atmosphere but not to many places in New Orleans don't.  The food was standard.  It didn't really jump out at me and say wow.  It wasn't bad.  My mother in law lives near here so this will be our go to place but I wont be making a trip for it.Ming's is pretty good. I thought for the price they gave you enough for two people to eat. I ordered take out here a couple of weeks ago and got a lunch special. I got the sweet and sour shrimp with the wontons and you can add soup for a $1.50 extra. The meal also comes with rice. 
The shrimp: I liked how they put the sauce on the side so you can decide how much sauce goes on the meal. The sauce however was just okay. It was not bad but it was a different kind of flavor. It had pineapples and i think onions in it. But the shrimp was fried and they were pretty big. I would say the kung pao shrimp is better! 
The hot and sour soup: Very flavorful. It is very spicy which i like. However, the soup was very thick, which I thought was weird. I have had better but for the price it was not bad. P.F. Chang's and even Hot Wok have better hot and sour soup. The egg drop soup at Ming's is really good also.
The rice: I thought it was good. It had shrimp and pork in it. 
The wontons: You could choose from an egg roll, wontons, cho cho, and other items. I went with the wontons. I liked them. And they had a dipping sauce that went with it, which was pretty good. I would get the cho chos! They are soooo good.
I would say this place was good overall and well deserving of four stars but not my favorite Chinese place. A lot of the dinner items looked good. I spent about $10. I would say the service for take out is good, and it did not take long only about 15 minutes. Im not sure how the service is for sit down but if you are looking for quick Chinese, I would recommend Ming's.This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the city! The lunch plates are a great deal. The crispy shrimp is delicious and has this really great sauce. The hot and sour soup is good and very spicy. I haven't eaten anything here that wasn't good. The service is no frills, but very efficient and attentive.Great food and service! Definitely the best option for Chinese food anywhere near Lakeview.Service is lacking for a Tuesday night. Small crowd slow service. 
Ordered wonton soup and chicken lettuce wraps
Had to wait for serviceI tend to eat alone at restaurants so I was pleasantly surprised to see a bar at this cozy establishment although this was a take out order. I was greeted and helped with my take out order (which was already ready,  a plus). In and out in 5 minutes. I think it was the owner who assisted me and thanked me for stopping by. I ordered the honey walnut shrimp (a chef specialty) with white rice, green beans in garlic sauce with brown rice, and an order of crab rangoon. Total with tax equaled about $39. I received a few weird looks from others dining in but maybe that's bc I was getting it to go-who knows. The restaurant space appears and feels like a home that was turned into a restaurant. Outside seating available but more tables to the left than the right on the  inside, bar is straight ahead with a TV.  Large shrimp, lightly breaded covered in the sauce with walnuts and broccoli; nice garlic sauce for my rice from the green beans and the appetizer was larger than expected. Food was delicious. I'll definitely return to dine in.Chinese food is my thing and i eat it two times a week or more. After reading reviews here my gf and I went for the first time yesterday evening. We got steamed dumplings for appetizer then she got Moo Goo Gai Pan and  I got Mu Shu Pork. The dumplings were good but I had better. My gf got her food and it was bland and just not all that great. In the 30 months I have known her she has never sent food back anywhere we went. This was the first time she done that and she totally loves chinese food. She never ordered anything else. My food was just ok but tasted more like fajitas then any kind of Chinese food. It said it came with crepes but in reality it was just tortillas. 
Waiter was great and service good but the food definitely could have been much better. Prices were a tad higher then other Chinese places. Overall its hard for me to recommend, at least what we got. I think maybe a different dish such as egg foo young may have been better. The food needs more of a chinese kick to it. On a plus note the atmosphere was really nice. We may try again one day but not anytime soon because we not around there much.Really good restaurant! This was my first visiting and I enjoyed all the food! Nice service and clean environment. If you wanna try some delicious Chinese food, you must try here!Great location, quick service, decent prices, and amazing food! The crab rangoon is to die for!I wanted some take out & found this place doing a Yelp search, of course. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. The ordering process was smooth and the food didn't take long at all. I ordered the Cho cho's (Perfect) and some beef fried rice. The food was hot & fresh, so that was a definite plus! My only gripe was the beef fried rice didn't have much beef and the rice was a little over done but, overall I would definitely try them out again. Nice comfortable  atmosphere so next time I think I'll dine in!Ummm....best General Tso's chicken I ever had. The shrimp fried rice and egg drop soup were delicious also. I tried the cashew chicken, pepper steak and sesame chicken which were great, but the Tso's chicken was AMAZING! This is my new favorite restaurant and I can't wait to try the chef's specials. Portions are large, and staff was quick and friendly.Impressive staff! Greeted by the owner, and amazing food. You have to go!
We were offered options and suggestions, and cared for constantly.I came based on all of the glowing reviews.  The location is super cute with the outdoor seating on the front porch.  The bistro-ish ambiance is unexpected for a typical Chinese restaurant, would be fun for a girlfriends' lunch or couples date.  I had the egg drop soup which was solid and the garlic shrimp with mixed vegetables.  It was a fair meal, fresh ingredients, but nothing out of the ordinary that is worth going out of the way for.  Walking in is confusing because there's not a hostess stand and I had to ask behind the bar about seating, but was directed to sit at any open table.  The server was friendly and the food was served quickly.  The menu is very concise, and I could think of so many more memorable dishes at other chinese restaurants in the city.We got the Chinese sausage fried rice and Mu Shu pork. The rice was great and the pork was pretty good, though the wraps appeared to just be tortillas that were pretty blah. But the house made spicy mustard was delicious and our server was nice enough to include some with our leftovers. I will definitely be trying this place again.Great atmosphere. Serve large portion. Food was excellent, fresh and tasty. Portions are large enough to share. Meats are good quality.Made a referral visit.  Love Chinese, so I'm always on the prowl for expanding my go to options.  After all, variety is the spice of life as they say.  So with go to in mind, Five Happiness is the measuring stick by which all others are judged.  Given that, the bar was set high and this place fell well short.  The two staples 1) fried rice and 2) egg rolls both disappointed.  The egg rolls were un-proportionally large given the overly hardened battered coating.  They also lacked depth in flavor which I attribute to a lack of shrimp in the filling.  Next up, the all important fried rice.  It wasn't your traditional fried rice.  It was white and fluffy with a slight stickiness to it that made it taste as bland as it looked.  It took some doctoring (soy sauce, hot mustard, and sweet and sour) to get palatable.  That said, there was a diamond in the rough - the Cho Cho was excellent.Delicious! Our first time! The egg drop soup and crab Rangoon were great appetizers! Chicken and shrimp lettuce wrap were well seasoned. Had sweet and sour chicken, all white meat sauce comes on the side. Fresh tasting with friendly service!Clean inside, outdoor seating, and great service/food! Our favorite Chinese food place!This is probably the best place for Chinese in Metairie/Lake area. The decorations are nice. The service is good. The food is excellent. I had shrimps with walnuts, and it was the best I've had. I also tried my friend's Cantonese crawfish, and it was delicious. This will be my new regular Chinese restaurant.Went back again...maybe they were having an off day, but I was not as impressed as I was during my first few visits. The food, especially the fried rice, seemed very bland. I will update again upon my next trip, hopefully it is betterMing's has a very spic 'n span exterior, with fine landscaping, and the interior is clean, neat, and modern. It is a crowded, loud, and lively lunch spot. I ordered the Kung Pao Beef with Egg Roll. This was hot, fresh, and delicious. Good service. Good prices. I would recommend it and return. RJTDidn't think that I was going to eat Chinese food while in New Orleans.  Stopped in for lunch.  It was fantastic!Everything was so fresh and delicious.  Great services and prices. Will be back soon!The salt & pepper shrimp is simply amazing ... the filling in crab Rangoon was a little to loose for my liking but still tasty. The dinner menu is a la cartel and the serving sizes were more than enough to feed 4 hungry adults so that's a plus too! I'll definitely be back.Good Chinese food!  The place doesn't look like a Chinese restaurant from the outside or even when you walk in but don't let that fool you. Best Chinese I've had in a long while.The food was fresh, hot, and clean tasting. It's definitely a step up from the typical take out joints. It is a bit more expensive as well, but worth it.My daughter wanted some Chinese food Saturday night and she wasn't happy with last two places we tried. A friend had told me about Ming's and how great it was so we looked it up and found the menu and ordered a few things to pick up. She got the honey walnut shrimp and she loved it and I had to try it and it was the best I've ever had! Then we had an order of shrimp fried rice and I was blown away by the amount they gave us. It was enough to feed 6 people and really good. I got the lettuce wraps and it was also very good. We definitely found our new Chinese place and will be trying many things. It's a small place but a really nice setting with an outdoor area and lights very romantic too.Great food! Great service! Great ambience! Great location! I had the sesame chicken and it was excellent. The cho cho was a great starter. Best egg drop soup I've had in the city!Ming's is the best Chinese Food in New Orleans! The restaurant is so clean and modern.
The wait staff is very friendly and professional. The vegetables they use in their dishes are so fresh and delicious. No other Chinese restaurant in New Orleans serves Chinese food with such excellent ingredients and quality!  If you are looking for fabulous Chinese Food, Fantastic service then go to Ming's.Awesome!!! We stayed next door at the rose manor bed and breakfast and it was so nice to just walk next door and grab dinner! Really great food, great trendy super clean atmosphere!A great Chinese restaurant in the Lakeview are of New Orleans.  We have eaten in and taken out and it never disappoints.  They give huge portions of food for dinner so beware. The fried rice dishes could serve 3 or 4 and the entree dishes could serve at least 2 or 3 people.
We like the Mandarin Chicken and the the spring rolls. I've had shrimp dishes and chicken dishes - all every good - very fresh food.  It's a keeper.Couldn't be happier this new Chinese restaurant opened in Lakeview. Saves me a lot of driving across the river for good food. They have been open for just a few weeks and we have already been here five or six times. The only drawback is they need more seating. They get crowded at lunchtime.  The crab Rangoon is excellent. The fried rice is perfection. The egg drop soup is one of the best I have ever had. Tried a few of the menu items so far and all have been very good. If you are looking for good Chinese, this is the spot.Service and food are always amazing. We've tried something different each visit and haven't been disappointed with anything we've ordered.If you liked China Rose when it was in Lakeview, you'll LOVE this place.  The Cho-Cho is outstanding, eggrolls packed with big shrimp, awesome fried rice.  Everything tastes fresh.  Haven't had a thing a didn't enjoy yet.  A little small as far as seating goes, so you may not get a table right away (it's usually busy), but worth sitting at the bar or waiting.  Also great for take-out.Some of the best Chinese food you will find in New Orleans...portions are pretty large for a reasonable priceThis food is the most delicious Chinese food I've ever eaten!! Clean and fresh ambiance, one our family favorites!!!Went back to Mings for annual Chinese Christmas Eve dinner. This time the service was much better than what I have had before. I ordered the duck again and though I miss the table side chopping the duck was plentiful, tender and delicious. The appetizer cho cho's were excellent. The pressed duck entree was a little strange but very good. The only bad entree was the honey shrimp, the sauce was too mayonaisey although it had big shrimp and perfect pecans.(If you don't want to read the rest of the review, that's fine. Just get the Honey Walnut Shrimp and send me a thank you note.)
With fresh ingredients elegantly prepared, Mings is a new gem in Lakeview that specializes in Cantonese dishes and classic Chinese American fare. 
Too often, Chinese restaurants over season and sauce to cover up for low-quality ingredients. This is not a problem at Mings, which lets the ingredients take center stage by cooking them perfectly. 
Prices are reasonable and portions large, best consumed family style. 
On to the dishes. 
Hot and Sour Soup: The best I've ever had. The broth was flavorful, made from rich homemade stock. It was topped with seared meat and fluffy tofu. Served with those little crispy strips. So good. 
Pot stickers: The filling was flavorful and well seasoned. They could have been a touch darker. I like my stickers nearly burnt. 
Shrimp Toast: So, So good. This is a dish that often features insultingly low quantities of shrimp. Not so at Mings. Get it. The hot mustard is made in house and might cure cancer. 
Honey Walnut Shrimp: This is the best dish I've ever had at a Chinese restaurant. Large, perfectly cooked shrimp in a subtly sweet sauce. Unbelievably good. 
Bird's nest seafood: A bowl full of expertly cooked, fresh seafood and veggies in a bowl made of fried potatoes. What's not to like? 
Peking Duck: Some of the best Peking duck I've ever head. You have to call in the order the day before, but it's well worth it. Get it. 
XO Beef: This was the only disappointing dish that we had. If you like XO beef, ask for some chili oil to go with it. 
Overall, this is a great place. The dining room is quiet, with a clean, modern decor. The wine list is great. I will be coming back, often. If I go a couple more times and it continues to impress, I'll upgrade the rating to 5 stars. I don't give anyone five stars. Ming's is that good. Go here.