Okay this place was...okay.  A tiny space with a few iron chairs and tables strewn about does not equal good atmosphere to me. I paid almost $30 for two small bowls of Mac and cheese, tiny salad and bottled water.  the Brie Mac and cheese was very good but if I'm going to spend that much for a simple brunch there are far better places in town to do so. Can't see myself going backCame to Mr. Gregory's before heading to a voodoo tour. All in all, it was a great experience, but thought it a bit pricey.
Gregory's has some great seating options: seats, stools, small tables, large tables, etc. You've got a tv in there as well, though the only thing it was used for while I was there is to play pandora--totally cool with me. They've got free wifi and outlets in case you want to work or just power your devices.
I looked through the menu, but honestly all I wanted was a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. I asked the guy if he could put ham, egg, and cheese on a croissant for me. He did and it was great, but with a regular coffee, tab came up to just shy of $10. That's steep and I'm coming from NYC. I could get the same thing at a deli or on the street for $5 in Manhattan. Still, I thought it was pretty good, I'm on vacation, and I'm supporting local business.
Customer service was great, location is nice since it's so close to Armstrong park and thus further away from some of the hulabaloo of bars further south, and in general it's comfortable to sit there. Only weird thing is that the bathroom is in the back which means you're walking behind the counter--always a weird experience for me.
Stop by and enjoy some coffee. I think I'll be back or a waffle.Best tomato bisque and French dip! Oh French press coffee is bomb too! So happy we came here! Highly recommend if you're looking for a mellow lax place to relax. Granted I'm here during a week day, so not sure how busy it gets over the weekend, but CERTAINLY worth a visit.
Came back to try their French onion...wasn't anywhere near amazing, just average, stick with tomato ;)Loved loved loved this place. Just had the most amazing breakfast sandwiches and iced coffees. I ordered my sandwich with grilled veggies and my bf got his with bacon. They told us that their bread was never delivered today but they were serving everything on fresh croissants--made our delicious sandwiches even better. Btw the two men working are hilarious and have an infectious energy you want to be around. We'll be back tomorrow for sure.Was visiting New Orleans, and by the second day there, I needed something that wasn't fried!  So in that regard, this place offers tons of healthier options so you feel like you're at least balancing out your diet.  However, the food was must okay... I must say I was a bit disappointed.  I got the salad, french onion soup, and brie combo.  First of all, the menu said french bread was included (in fact that was part of the reason I ordered this item).  Had to ask for the bread, and the wait staff seemed none too happy- almost like I was asking for something I was not entitled to.  The french onion soup was nowhere near warm enough.  But it was seasoned well.  In conclusion, go if you want something different, but don't waste a meal on this while traveling!walked a few blocks from my hotel to pick up breakfast here right when they opened. I was super indecisive but the guys behind the counter were patient, kind, and attentive. I finally settled on the croque madame and the breakfast crepe for my partner and I to share. Definitely the best breakfast I had the whole trip and one of the top three meals overall. Not sure when I'll be back in NOLA, but I'll definitely stop by again. 
Also, super cute decor.Really only slightly pretentious, the awesome raspberry pain perdu more than makes up for the trying too hard hipster vibe I get from this place. My chicory coffee au lait was pretty killer too, so I will forgive the unfriendly staff. I think customer service could use a pick me up (maybe they could use a little bit of the coffee they serve!) but otherwise this is a good little spot.We did the shrimp boil and it was a lot of fun. You get to eat some amazing shrimp and eat in a communal setting.Cute, cute, cute! This adoreable cafe faces Armstrong Park and is a good deal for dining in the French Quarter. It is very casual and looks like it could be a beach cafe in Martinique under other circumstances (not that I have ever been to Martinique). Anyway, It looked cute and like it had salads, so I had a lightish dinner there.
I had a quiche, which was andouille and red pepper. It was delicious. The side salad was good. I enjoyed the olives. There was even a gratis baguette. The staff was friendly and an old, silent movie was on the television. I believe it was Thief of Baghdad. Will I go here again? Mai oui! So should you if you are wanting casual French on the edge of the French Quarter.I work in the quarter just 5 blocks from the restaurant. I placed an order for delivery and it took over an hour to have our food delivered. I ordered the Fierce Femme. Based on The description on the menu the entrée sounded like a delicious sandwich. It wasn't. All the items were on the side as a la cart. Plus they forgot the ham that goes along with it. I called back up to the restaurant to let them know they forgot the ham and asked what were they going to do about it. And their response was, "We'll get you next time".  Unacceptable on so many levels. 
If they cared at all about customer service they would offered something for the hour and 10 minute deliver time it took. And they would sincerely apologized for their mistake and fixed it right away. But obviously not. It will be a very long time before I even consider thinking going back there.My second time eating here.  The shrimp are huge and the rest of the food is great too. Their no longer serving beer, but there are bars close by to get some. The staff is friendly and entertaining.  Highly recommend.  Buy a groupon if you go.Savory heaven. Perfect portions.  Good suggestions by the person who took our order.
Nothing else to say but yum.- Clean, cool inside 
- Friendly and prompt service
- reasonable prices
- sandwiches to die for
- the best watermelon I had in all of NO
Overall an amazing place to get out of the heat and fill your belly whether you're walking to bourbon street or enjoying Louis Armstrong Park. A+I cannot overstate how amazing my experience here was. The cold brew was fantastic and the atmosphere was great. However, if you stop in, get the waffles. They are the best I have ever eaten in my life. I had to control myself and not order a second plate. Worth every block to get out of the quarter and try it.Food is delicious and atmosphere quaint, but don't come here if you're in a rush. The food is served leisurely, and its french influences also call for leisurely enjoying it. Portions were generous and tastyI'm really excited to have a place like this opening in the French Quarter. Overall nothing super fancy, just good authentic menu items made with quality breads and ingredients at a surprisingly affordable price. The cashier (who I could only assume was one of the owners) was very kind and accommodating from the moment I walked in. Was out the door within 5 minutes with a exquisite croque. Power to these guys, I hope they get the recognition they deserve.BEST BREAKFAST IN NEW ORLEANS! My mom and I came here for a weekend and stayed nearby; when we stumbled upon this place we couldn't believe our luck. We came back for all four mornings we were here and tried something new each time. The pastries, waffles, crepes and eggs are divine and easily the best breakfast I've ever had in my life. 
These people KNOW how to cook!!Walked by to do some laundry service next door so decided to wait it out in this cafe. 
It's rustic, decent traffic in and out and the service was good. 
The French music playing in the background was nice. Makes u feel ur really in a French cafe. 
Just ordered the orange juice since the croissant looked a bit dry. Good OJ though.Simple, fresh, great price, and shockingly fast delivery. Since I work full-time in the French Quarter, I ordinarily get lunch from restaurants closer to where I work, but I'm glad I took a chance on Mr. Gregory's. The food was delivered ten minutes from the time I had placed the order, and the cold brie and veggie sandwich with soup and a cookie came to only $13. It was a much needed break from the usual greasy, heavy New Orleans fare.Best iced coffee in New Orleans! I loved the homemade croissants with butter and jam as well. It's a great place to grab breakfast before touring around New Orleans.Very welcoming at Mister Gregory's and the majority of the locals go here. The cold brew wasn't what they said it was. You add your own cream and syrup to it and pray it comes out how you want it. Belgium waffles are there specialty so have at it. There options of food are very limited, not much to choose from.This is a tourist trap. It was an interesting experience, but the food wasn't good and it was very expensive. The women who ran the place was very nice. She made a big deal about where the shrimp of the day came from. The shrimp was mushy... not unfresh but strangely soft. Skip it.This is a walk-up-to-the-counter and order small place. The food was good but not to memorable to me. I thought the Brie mac n cheese was pretty dry. The rest of my group liked it a lot, so you'll have to decide.Only had a coffee and pastry but it was good. They were nice and the place is cute and clean. I bet food is great, wished I was more hungry.Gem of a place in Treme. Limited breakfast /brunch menu. Loved the kitschy decor. Waffles were light and fluffy. Definitely try the Pain Perdu. Great music too!Very disappointed. Breakfast sandwich of eggs and sausage on a croissant, got what I would assume to be kielbasa. That should have been information offered up, I would have gotten bacon otherwise. Breakfast sandwich and a coffee was over $12! Never again.We love Mister Gregory's! They serve simple and fresh food in an inviting and quaint environment. The staff is very friendly. When in New Orleans, definitely stop by for some great food and a homey relaxed atmosphere.
Food we ate there over several visits:
Congo Square
Jamon
Croquet madame
French market waffle
Salmon, brie, capers french loaf
Jamon beurre loaf
Potato salad
Dolmas
All delicious!!! We will return.Asked for an egg and cheese on a croissant sandwhich, and got a work of art! Frittata with brie and cheddar on toasted croissant. So not what i was expecting, but sooo delicious. Absolutely perfect for a quick breakfast!We didn't see what all the fuss is about. It's in a bad part of town, which we were warned about by others. The hosts were nice but their language lets you know it's not a nice establishment. Well, that and the drag queen singing in the corner!  Awkward. Very awkward. The shrimp were very good, but everything else was just ok by any standard, and sub par by New Orleans standards. Ultimately there's no justification to eat here in a city with so many other amazing options!! We were very disappointed and left ASAP.We had breakfast here a couple mornings ago and it was divine. Not just the coffee, which was served in a press pot and so aromatic and rich my eyes involuntarily closed with the first sip, but also the sandwiches. I can't remember the name of the sandwich my wife ordered, but it had ham and cheese on it. I ordered the grilled cheese. #grin Had to Americanize the name as I can't fine the menu online and my French is embarrassing. Oh boy were they good. They must have flame grilled the bread because there was an appealing smokey undertone. I was in heaven. The sandwiches are about ten inches long. We both saved a portion and had it as a snack later. The bread is made fresh daily. 
My only complaint: they don't open until 9! I hadn't done my homework and we showed up at 8. What? I needed coffee!! I was amazed that a breakfast restaurant wouldn't have their doors open for business at 8. 
Also, the service was perfect. The guys who work here are very nice. They were unfortunately unwilling to share the blend of coffee they used when I tried to charm it out of them though. They said the owner likes to keep such details a secret. Guess it means I have to go back for another cup. Oh well.....Very enjoyable lunch today. Our server was polite, informative and professional. The restaurant was clean, well lit and pleasant. I ordered ham and cheese, my companion had some sort of breakfast plate. I would definitely eat here again.Really fresh bread and Great coffee as well! Friendly customer service and great vibes too.Stopped her for breakfast.  This is a small cafe. Food was very good made fresh.  The prices were great. It's artsy or divey decor is what made it neat.  Wish I had more time here to try the rest of the menu. Everything looked real good.You think to yourself "who is the cute clown?"  and "why is everyone who works here so cheerful and sweet" and "do I REALLY need a ham and butter sandwich". You do, you do need a ham and butter sandwich.  You really do.  Right across from Armstrong park for perfect for that picnic - or any time really.This is a great place and seems to be locally run. The had some hot and cold food options. Coffee was really good. We tried the Brie Mac and Cheese and the cucumber salad. Both were very good. They also had 'Gentlemen prefer blondes' playing on the TV. It's a nice place to hang out.Salti was the one who made our food! He is awesome!! My husband had their special tonight, the chicken pot pie and I had the French dip! I love coming here to New Orleans and this was by far the best food we ever had here! If you have never eaten at this place you need to!!Something was very off this morning at Mister Gregory's. There was one gentlemen taking orders and preparing all the food and coffee. It took us 35 min to get coffee and breakfast sandwiches. He set off the fire alarm while making toast and seemed super flustered. He was mildly apologetic, but our experience left us unable to recommend this place to others. Mister Gregory's needs more staff!!!!! Also- perhaps more importantly- the food wasn't good.A girlfriend and I tried to go to Lucky Rooster for lunch and it was MADNESS.....so we retreated to Mister Gregory's on Rampart street and are so glad we did. Delicious food, sunny, clean, cheerful space and incredibly friendly staff. I had a delicious homemade cajun bean soup and 1/2 baguette with chevre, tomatoes and herbs and split a pain perdu muffin for dessert - all delicious. French music playing, very relaxed, and nice to look out the windows at the park. A lovely addition to Rampart street.Great sandwich  great guys great prices ...This guy is a true chef...try the bree mac and cheeseThis tiny eatery packs a big punch!  I can't afford to eat at Café Degas, Lilette, and Martinique's every day, but thanks' to Mister Gregory's I can afford to eat French food every day if I suited my fancy.  Many people think that French food has to be expensive to be good.  Well, it doesn't.  Mister Gregory's is a perfect example of this.  The menu is simple, classic French fare.  There are three main categories: salads, cold sandwiches and hot croquet sandwiches (if you've never had one of these before, I suggest you order one).  Of course, there is French onion soup and soup du jour served with quiche.  But my personal fave is jambon (ham) and beurre on a baguette.  *le puuuuur*  This is true French street food... besides crepes.  When you're running the streets of Paris you order a baguette and go.  Because we aren't running the streets of Paris or Quarter, we sat down taking in the charm while waiting for our baguettes and French onion soups to arrive.  When they did arrive we were presented with a gooey cheese layer hiding the dark golden brown soup below accompanied by a few pieces of thinly sliced baguette on top.  The gorgeous aroma filled our senses of finely seasoned slow cooked onion and beef.  Divine!  It's so simple yet so complex.  To our surprise the baguette was americain sized.  Much larger then I had expected, but no complaints because the well crusted baguette with its fluffy inside was generous filled with thick slices of French beurre and jambon.  So decadent!!!   I wish my body could afford to eat this every day because I would... no questions asked.  On that note, I enjoyed every delicious bite.  In the end I ate as much as I could yet still had half left which I later eat for dinner mind you.  My first visit barely scratched the surface of what's available. Yet due to how inexpensive it is, I can afford to go when I please.  Problem being is what do I try next?  
Donc, beaucoup de grands choix, ce qui est une fille a faire?    
* Don't expect fancy table clothes, fine china and silverware.  Actually, those things would ruin the exceptional sweetness of Mister Gregory's.Potions are very small. Sandwich was extremely dry.  I got the bacon breakfast sandwich.  It was very dry bread, two slices of bacon, and a very dry egg.  I tried to put hot sauce on it in attempt to make it better but it was beyond help.  This is the meeting point for walking tours, which in my opinion is the only thing that keeps it going.Really chill escape from the hustle of the touristy french qtr---- amazing smoked salmon hot croque :)Fantastic!! The space is bright and airy, the service is fantastic, and the food is absolutely amazing! I had the french onion soup & a side caesar salad, which made for a filling and delicious lunch. When I order a side caesar salad, I expect a relatively small amount of lettuce, perhaps some croutons, and not too much else - but a side salad at Mister Gregory's has fresh tomato, cornichons, grated parmesan cheese, a delicious caesar dressing, and a huge chunk of fresh French bread! The soup was fantastic - tons of sauteed onions, melty cheese, and croutons made from that same awesome French bread. I think I've found my new go-to lunch place!Came here for iced coffee to go. There was no one in line but they looked very stressed with a lot of food orders. 
The guy literally said "it's going to take awhile so chill." We were going to just leave bc he was so rude but we already called our uber so we decided to see if we can order before our ride. 
Our bill for two coffees was 8$ and they wouldn't break a 20 bill either....seriously?
The iced coffee was good though. I wouldn't return due to the rudeness of the staff.Cute little french themed boutique restaurant. I had the breakfast sandwich with bacon. It was delicioso! The restaurant has about 5 tables and is cozy and clean. The staff is polite and helpful and super cute.Very good. We had the 4 cheese tomato sandwich and a breakfast sandwich.  So good. We added some pastries and iced coffee. Food was fresh and flavorful. The cook brought it over and shared advice on some of the tours. A.C. Felt great and nice elevator music played In background. LolWas surprised by what occurred to take us to MG's shrimp broil. Was a last minute decision to open door this place as our group was late arriving in NOLA on Dec 30th... walked from our hotel and got to the shop all lights off "shop closed" ..... ?? Wait what confused there was a bearded gentleman standing in an adjacent doorway and asked "what you looking for man?" I was like oh my where's this going? I said "Shrimp Broil"... "walk up the stairs" he said as he slowly slid to let us through... confused we climbed the stairs sat down in long table with other guests, tables covered in paper no idea what the hell was going on...then NOLA happened chef cane out described what would occur and what the menu would be and it was exactly what you never expect that made this place fabulous beyond words
Gulf shrimp - perfect , Corn sweet, Green Sausage amazing spread across the table 
Cole slaw NOLA style , Potato Salad To die for 
Bread pudding to die for 
*** ONLY DRAW BACK IT IS BYOB!!! 
Entertainment - lovely young lady(drag) Delighted all of us with her vocal stylings!!  
If you are in NOLA Go you'll never regret it and I'll never forget it!!  Thanks for a great 1st impression of New Orleans!!!On a recent trip to New Orleans on day one after arriving late I walk to Gregory's for breakfast. I asked what was popular. We had a cold cut sandwich waffles eggs and pastries. We didn't eat it all but I wanted to try a little bit of everything. And nothing disappointed. My favorite was the waffle. We wanted to go again the following morning but unfortunately there was a hurricane warning which Gregorys was closed. If we ever visit New Orleans again or if you're reading this review don't hesitate to check out Gregorys.Excellent breakfast sandwich (salmon) and Ice coffee! Atmosphere very bright and inviting!More expensive for a plain coffee than for a speciality drink at Starbucks. Additionally, the barista didn't have a welcoming attitude when we came in and the temperature/humidity of the room was very uncomfortable. Most importantly, coffee was subpar.Coffee was great but $$$$$ and unfriendly staff walking around like zombies that wish they weren't at workMy boyfriend and I encountered this little gem while on a walk one afternoon. We stopped outside and read one of their menus. I was brought in by the Nicoise Salad. When you walk in the place is really open and bright. Very inviting. We were greeted by a young man who was very cheerful. He took our order and we had a seat. Our food came out shortly after and man was I surprised by 1: the amount of food 2: how good it looked! My Nicoise Salad was HUGE with a gorgeous piece of tuna(not from a can btw), sliced hard boiled eggs, olives, asparagus, and a crunchy baguette on the side. I was in love already. My boyfriend got the Classic Hot Croque Sandwich. I had to steal a bite. It was just as delish as the salad!! Crunchy, salty, melty, just basically yummy. We were both completely pleased with our dishes and the price....... under $20!! 
We just moved here to New Orleans a few months ago and have yet to find a great little eatery we can afford on a daily basis until we ran into Mister Gregory's. The atmosphere is very comfy and inviting. The staff is super friendly and personable. This is not one of those ultra-hip have to be too cool to eat kinda places. This is a place for people who love good food at an affordable price. 
I have been back twice since our first visit. I have had coffee both times. It is a perfect cup of coffee. Ground and made in a french press (just like I like it). The pastries are "OMG give me more" kind of delicious. I would definitely recommend trying the Pain Perdue. 
I will continue to go to Mister Gregory's as there is still so much left to try! I recommend anyone reading this review do the same!Please update your hours on google to reflect when you close the kitchen, specially if you close it 3 hours before the posted closing time. Tried to go here for lunch at 12:30 and was told the kitchen was closed and only pastries were available, despite google saying they closed at 3 pm. I could have been a regular client since i work in the quarter and was planning on regularly coming here for lunch.I can't believe I didn't go upstairs the three other times I've been to Mr. Gregory's. They have a lot of dining space up there and another bathroom as well as a lovely balcony you can eat on.
I am sorry to report they are no longer serving dinner but breakfast and lunch are still there and quite yummy. I had a hot breakfast sandwich when I went last Saturday.My gf and I ordered the breakfast sandwich and the baguette and butter and two cafe au laits. The coffee was gritty and weak and the baguette was stale. The breakfast sandwich was the only thing edible and it was only ok. Considering I spent $17 and the only thing worth eating was an egg and bacon on toast, I really don't understand how this place gets five stars. Oh, and just because you have a couple items with French names on your menu does not make you a French food restaurant. Neither does having crappy pompous attitudes.Love these guys! Come for the food, stay for the conversation and playlist. Glad I stopped in.We went here for breakfast and were very disappointed by the food. They were out of waffles at 9:30 (they open at 9) so we ended up getting a breakfast sandwich and a classic croque monsieur. The sandwiches were very small and the breakfast sandwich had a tiny egg and one piece of meat. The sandwiches were very expensive for a mediocre taste and small portion. We spent $30 on two sandwiches and drinks. I would not recommend eating here.Great, amazing, friendly staff. Decent prices. Food looked amazing (was too full to have any). Drinks were delicious. Also, plenty of nice seating. Just a ltitle out of the way. But definitely would return if I'm ever in town.Pricey at $26 inc 15% tip for 2 sandwiches and 2 diet cokes... but I'm willing to pay to keep such a cute cafe on N Rampart. I had the veggie Brie and my husband went for a Croque... something (the one with beef). I love the bright space and the modern vintage decor. Sat outside and enticed a few more customers in with the sight of our delicious sandwiches. Can't wait to come back and try the Croque Rampart!Awesome! Tiny quaint deli with amazing soups and sandwiches very clean and fresh flavor. The French dip and the roast beef are two of my favorite. A hidden gemServer was rude. There was mold in some of the condiments. Ran out of ice.  Waffles came out okay though.Hello, France? You can quit now. We have your bread and we don't need anything else.
I'd wanted to try this place for a while, and stopped by for lunch today. The guy cooking and cashiering was super fun. He was playing a dancey mix that didn't really vibe with the French-y feel of the place, but I liked it.
I got the Croque Madame Norvegien: smoked salmon on a split baguette with Havarti cheese and a fried egg. NOM NOM NOM. 
Despite being bread, cheese, and egg, it was somehow so light and fresh. I have never seen an egg fried like that, either--the yolk was, like, its own entity and rolled around by itself before it split open and dumped its deliciousness all over my sandwich. And there was a tiny pile of cornichons for me to make fun of and then devour.
ET PLUS, they sprinkle lemon zest on some of the sandwiches! I'm a fan.Great place for breakfastor brunch! The pain perdu was authentic and really good. Same for the waffle. Coffee was perfect. The place is also dog friendly! The owner treated our maltipoo with a madeleine. How sweet :-) overall great experienceMy friend and I were looking for a breakfast place close to our hotel. This place was about a block away from the Inn on St. Ann. There were 2 guys working who answered our questions and didn't even act annoyed when 2 women requested well done eggs and extra crispy bacon. We both did a Grand Homme breakfast with  2 baked eggs, a meat, toast, tomato and a waffle. Juice was included but they were out so we had cafe au lait. The baked eggs were seasoned and topped with cheese. Quite tasty! The waffle was perfect. Seriously, the best waffle I've ever had. It was so light and topped with Chantilly cream and cane syrup.  It was the perfect combination of protein for walking around all day and decadence with the sweet waffle. We will definitely be back later this week!A friend and I were visiting from STL,  walking around the quarter, STARVING and we came across this lovely place.  It was a dreary day,  but the temp was perfect and this lil place was exactly what we were craving. 
The service was wonderful.  Very polite employees,  talked to us about the menu. I got the grilled cheese and french onion soup with a cookie.  Omg.  It is the best I've ever had.  My friend got french onion as well,  but I think she got a steak and cheese or something of the sort. Been back in STL for months and once a month I think about this place and wish I could go back for another sandwich and soup.  They must put love in this food.  If you're a visitor and you're looking for a fresh,  easy,  non-deepfried or seafood dish,  come here! ! It's so so yummy.  You'll be happy you did!Mmmmm! Best cold brew coffee in town! Staff was super friendly, helpful, and fun! We had a delicious pastry that was soaked in cream and topped with dark cocoa nibs.This inexpensive, but healthy restaurant is on the border of the French Quarter on Rampart Street.
We enjoyed their homemade chicken pot pie dinners.We also had lunch sandwiches and home baked pastries. Everything we ate was tasty and inexpensive.Loved loved loved! Found this little place before I headed to the Treme Tour. It's just on the edge of Treme on the top of the French Quarter. Felt like I was in France with the open windows, vintage furniture,  french music, and old time silent movie playing in the background.  At first we just got coffee and croissants before the tour. They have a more extensive lunch menu so we came back for lunch after the tour. I had the brie mac and cheese - to die for! The brie melts in your mouth! They served it with a refreshing asparagus salad with fresh cut tomatoes.  Best lunch I've had while in NOLA! The owner was very friendly, he even brought me a complimentary fresh made bread to go with my salad! I loved the overall ambiance.  Wish they had this place in Chicago!Unfriendly staff. Asked if they offered wifi to customers and the guy seemed annoyed I asked. The answer was no by the way. Where did the previous owners go? They were friendly and offered wifi service to paying customers.I don't really know what to say, my wife and I ordered cafe au lait and they put cold coffee out of the iced coffee dispenser in the microwave and served it to us, I was flabbergasted especially after paying $10.50 for two, never again.Kinda really disappointed. Was really looking forward to a Croque Monsiouer and had talked them up to my boyfriend all day. After reading the reviews for this little, neighborhood eatery we came here. Not traditional Croques :(
My boyfriend sandwich was also served to him burnt. Not okay.
:(Great cute little cafe. The chocolate bacon pastry was delicious. Only complaint was that there was no alcohol. Also enjoyed the breakfast sandwich, simple flavors but very goodAmazing - I just had a coffee and pastry on my way in to work and was blown away.  Soooo amazing!  And they are incredibly nice.  I found a new local gem!Locals place.
Strong good coffee served in paper cups (even for those drinking in restaurant)
Dijon Beef sandwich was good.
"Simple eggs" was good.Crazy yummy bizness in your Tummy people!
I brought my little girl in for baguette with french butter which is really like cheese instead of butter cause they just do it better in France people.  I had ham and butter which was like soft cheese that was mellow and lovely combined with the salty country ham.  Real hearty country ham and not that deli looking processed junk.  Crazy yummy bizness in your tummy people.  Our bill was under $10 for the both of us including an ice coffee and we couldn't eat it all.  You wonder why the French are so skinny?So glad we found this little locally owned gem before a really long day running around New Orleans. 
Great people working, a fantastically simple but delicious breakfast sandwich served on french bread with pickles and tomato on the side.
Fantastic iced cafe au lait. Right across from Armstrong Park.Great sandwiches!  My wife had the Rampart and I had the Boeuf.  The melted cheese on top was a bit messy (nothing a couple of napkins couldn't handle) and delicios!Loved this place! Super chill environment and the food was delicious. We got the breakfast crepes and the waffles (easily the best crunchy waffles I ever had). We were waiting for our walking Tour and ended up eating here - recommend it!Stopped in here as we had a little time to kill prior to our Cemetery Tour down the street. The food here was actually pretty good - this is a very unique and quaint place.  I checked into this location on Yelp and they offer you a free soup with check in, so I showed the voucher to my cashier and asked for the french onion soup. He seemed a little confused at first, but said "ok." So all of us get our main courses and are making our way through them but my soup still hadn't come out yet. During this time, the guy was still serving other tables that had sat down after us. I finally flagged him down at one point and asked if the soup was still coming, and he goes "oh, you want French Onion? ok." And then proceeds to not bring it. We eventually had to leave to catch our tour, and even though I didn't pay anything for the soup, I was still a little irked that I didn't get something that was promised to me.So cute and European on the inside and the food is delicious. The staff are so nice and helpful and it is right across from the park!