I'm giving them a two. They need to work on the cooking entertainment and if they are gonna charge you 3.50 extra for fried rice with hibachi, they need to NOT act like it comes with your meal. We told them we weren't happy and we didn't even get an apology. Just a look. That's why you get a two. You need to learn how to handle complaints correctly or you will close againI'm not a super big fan of Miyako, but i will say almost everyone else who tries it is.  The hibachi meals are great, especially around the grill with large groups.  You really get the classic hibachi experience, food tossed into mouth and all.  The beef is always super tender, and the grilled filet is Ruth's Chris quallity.  If that's not a great endorsement for a place I'm not big on, i don't know what would be.  Especially since everytime i eat there i want to be across the street at Tokyo Bistro.Least accommodating restaurant in NOLA, they make large parties inconvenient and bring all your food at different times - as in your side dish, entree, fried rice, and veggies all come at different times. Way over priced for underwhelming food.Miyako's use to be one of my favorite places to eat for a quick lunch. I Just ate here Monday , & I must say they fell off bad , not what it used to be , hostess is not warming, workers are unaware of what is going on! The new servers are not good at all. The wait time for the chef to roll his cart out to cook food is too long almost 40 minutes. It was chaotic , the table next to us waited almost 2 hours because their grill was not getting hot!!I've been here plenty of times but the last two times the service was awful, the Cook was awful. I'm probably never going back again. Maybe if they have a Groupon I'll probably go again but for the price and a bad cooking never again. The hibachi chef drop the knife don't execute any trick. We had a full table with about 10 people he only put one egg in the fried rice talking about nasty food... SMHI say poo to the negative nancies...my boyfriend and I just went here and the food was delish. I was craving red meat like crazy, but not the fried rice was great, the vegetables were delicious, the meat was perfectly cooked -- good noodles -- great service. We never had empty tea or water glasses. It was a solid, yummy hibachi experience...I can't say anything for the sushi because I was really in a carniverous mood, but sushi has to be out of this world to be anything other than "good" to me -- I'm a bit spoiled by Los Angeles sushi, ya see.
My only complaint would be the additional charge for fried rice, as I'm used to it coming with the meal. This place does noodles and steamed rice, and then asks causally "you want fried rice?" and I guess I didn't realize it was an additional charge. Oh well, my bad for not reading the menu.I can't believe I've forgotten to write a review about this place until now. I came here for my 'bon voyage' party when I moved away from NOLA, so I'm a little biased with warm fuzzies about this place.
The cooks do the standard food and utensil tricks, but they make them fun. It was also fun to see there were some business men in a semi-private room getting sung to for one of their birthdays. The best part was they handed the drum to the totally blitzed birthday boy and that was hilarious. He was red-faced and banging that drum with the enthusiasm and pride of a boy touching a boobie for the first time.
I admit the soup and salad part of the meal were not memorable, but the steak, oh my gosh, the steak....I think I got the filet mignon and it just simply melted in my mouth. Best hibachi steak I've ever had probably.Service, horrible!  It's not busy... now I know why!  It's 5:07 pm on a MindayWe ordered dumplings as an appetizer, they came luke warm and chewy...salad, 3 bites lettuce wi water, YUCK; miso soup.... could not eat not hot and was not good.  It was ok. We will not be back. Oh yes and they charge $7 for a very small glass of wine Pinot Grigio   UghhhLove this place.  It's a Mardi Gras tradition with my TX friends.   It's the only restaurant where the employees greet me by name, and it makes me feel special.
My favorite drinks are the pink paradise and Miyako watermelon!  My favorite roll is the Godzilla roll!Been twice walked there for lunch ordered and went shopping next door at Office Depot and back still waited for three rolls to be made! Waited at least 45 min both times for three sushi rolls! And some customer walks in and is picking up 6 bags of food.
There needs to be priority on catering orders here. Meanwhile the boss lady is playing on her phone behind bar! Food is good but service and management needs to learn how to maintain order priority!The rating says it all "meh, I've experienced better".   
Miyako felt like assembly line hibachi.  Fast, inexpensive, with large portions of mediocre food.  
On a positive note, the service was great, super fast and friendly (to get you in and out faster) and the saki bombs were rather cheap (probably to help forget the food).  The food was just greasy and really just didnt leave me with any desire to return, ever.It  the worst place i have ever  been to dinning out with the family . There was four of us and only three wanted hibachi  the other wanted sushi  the lady told us if all of us is not ordering hibachi  we cant sit  by the hibachi grill. The waitress was so rude to my kids . Horrible  !!! Experience...dont bring your family   they are not kids friendly.Went here with a couple of friends to celebrate & it was a great choice.  The food is good & the cooks put on a wonderful show.  I have to practice catching shrimp in my mouth though.  My stats were like 2/8.I can't really write a review on the sushi because my party and I had hibachi. It was our first time eating hibachi so we had no idea what to expect. We were seated at the grill, placed our orders, and sat around for about 10 minutes talking. The chef came out and verified our orders and proceeded to do some tricks. It was nothing spectacular, but it was entertaining to watch as he made a volcano out of an onion. One of my friends noted that the entire time, the chef kept purposely clinking his spatula on anything and everything. It annoyed her, but I never noticed it myself.
The chef proceeded to cook our meals after he exhausted his armory of tricks. The noodles were bland, but everything else was pretty good. We had some leftover shrimp when he finished cooking so he cut them up into little pieces and proceeded to flip them into our mouths. It took like 3 tries each, but eventually everyone got a bit of leftover shrimp.
Minus one star because they would have charged a "hibachi fee" if we didn't all order hibachi. I came with a group of 4. I heard this only happens with smaller groups, but is ignored for larger groups as long as at least half order hibachi. Understandable, but not very convenient.PROS: The food was great. Prices were reasonable given the amount of food that you get with your meal (soup, salad, meat,  mein noodles, & Fried rice for extra $) . The drink menu was exceptional! CONS: there's very poor ventilation here, so the place was kinda smokey from the grilling- made my eyes burn. the Yum yum sauce was not good at all.Everything was delicious until the entree, there were 7 of us, we got a variety of chicken and shrimp dishes, without exception the shrimp and chicken was way over done and dry and tough! Other people at our grill ordered steak, it too was way over done. Our chef wasn't very friendly or entertaining. I wouldn't go back. But I would order the fried rice and yum yum sauce to go!I visited around 6/2/06 and was very pleased.  I ordered the tri-color sushi, an assortment of white fish, tuna, and salmon.  The fish was of the highest quality and freshness.  The service was fast and friendly.  I highly recommend this establishment.  Also, the miso soup was fantastic.So yesterday my family and I decided to eat here for an early dinner. When we arrived it was about 4:30 pm, we were the only customers in the place. We sat down at a table, placed our order and waited. My soup and salad cam out shortly after our drinks. My salad was horrible and I wasn't too thrilled about the soup. My 2 year old and my fiancé don't eat soup and salad so the 40 minute wait for the mushy rice was annoying. Upon receiving the poorly presented rice our server told us that there would be a 20-30 minute wait because of Togo orders. We said ok and patiently waited. Other people have arrived at the point and are already getting their food. So our server comes back finally with a nice freshly cooked plate of rice for another table and tells us " I'm not sure if you still want to stay but your food will be about another 20 minutes" so we decided to leave. There were dead flies on the menus and little bugs flying around the rice we got. This place doesn't deserve 1 star even!I sat the hibachi table for 2 hours without a chef and when he finally arrived the table wasn't on so we had to wait again for it to heat up. All the while the staff ignored us. Overall a terrible experience...We've been coming here for over 5 years, and still the best. Nothing has changed, awesome...  From the sushi to the hibachi, nothing leaves you wanting more, but regret for eating so much.Not what it used to be!!! Absolutely terrible the past 2 times I've been there! Food and service! I don't know which one is worse actually... Sat in the back at a terrible bc the hibachi tables were all taken and no one came to us till about 20 mins of sitting and we had to keep getting up and asking for stuff... When our food came out it was ice cold no lie! Our bill was expensive for what we got it so wasn't worth it.. NEVER AGAINWe went here for the hibachi but they were packed so we decided to just sit at a regular table.  The service was terrible.  They lost our appetizer order and sent the entrees before the soups and salads.  Then when we complained their answer was that they were busy.  So apparently don't expect good service if it's a busy night.  As for the sushi, the Miyako roll was really good but the Rainbow roll was just okay.Service was great, food was boring. Nothing special about the flavor. I've tasted freezer burnt frozen dinners with more pizazz.I've never eaten the hibachi here. I go here for the sushi and it's quite delicious. I love the Dream Roll. I'm sad to see it has such a low cumulative score.The food was only OK and the service was flat out poor.  Our group of three ordered two appetizers and three entrees.  One entree was delivered first.  After about 5 minutes came the first appetizer, followed by the remaining two entrees about three minutes later.  Finally, about 5 minutes after that, came the final appetizer.
We had hoped to have a pleasant dining experience, but ended up having a disjointed refueling.  We won't be going back.Their Long Island ice tea is all sweet and sour mix. When I asked to trade it out or return it, they said I couldn't. The food is good but they could care less about customer satisfaction. So I guess I'll just have to deduct this $8 sweet and sour drink from the tip. Shame shame shame.Lunch time, not many other people in restaurant. So we were made feel very special, our Chef master was superb. Impressive young gentleman who knows English and Spanish! Food was so yummy, drink special was fun too. Only complaint was that they did not offer traditional yucky & yummy sauce.my family of four visited this place on 2/23/18 and had a horrible experience. we were charged for food that we did not receive and when we explained our problem they refused to take it off of our bill. my husband decided not to argue anymore and paid the bill. we will not ever return to this restaurant. we were charged an extra $8 to share an hibachi dinner, then my husband ordered an extra side of noodles for hisself and was only given his shared portion not the extra side he ordered and they insisted that was his extra side portion he asked for. so we paid for an extra side of noodles $3.95 that we did not receive. he asked what the extra $8 charge was for and was told he don't get extra food for sharing that was just for him to get a plate. horrible service and will never return!!!!!!Pathetic.  Rather embarrassing.  Please whatever you do don't go here. There are plenty of other sushi restaurants right next door such as sushi bros that is ten times better!   Extremely small portions with very poor grade sushi. The salmon was cooked. Who cooks salmon at a sushi restaurant?  We had to go somewhere after because it didn't even fill us up.  Please whatever you do stay away and go down the street to hoshun or sushi bros.I will return, but will not order the Miyako roll again. It just was not good. However, I did enjoy my experience overall. My guest and I were seated at a table overlooking the Avenue, the drink was tasty, and my friends sushi was tasty. I will return, especially with another groupon!Good food however not the best for picky eaters. Tried to order a complex hibachi order last night and they got it wrong. If your simple you will love the food. 
The experience is sub par. Our cook did not really talk to us at all did not keep us engaged and did not fee the sauce bowls up unless you asked. 
Overall great food. Large portions but a sub par experience. However some people may like that. We were in and out in 45 min so it was quick.Love this place. Probably my favorite Japanese place in Louisiana and that's saying a lot considering how many sushi places popped up in the area in the past 5 years. Lunch is overall a great bargain and dinner isn't too bad either. Unlike Shogun this place also serves up a pasta dish (right from the grill) and it's excellent. That alone makes me want to go. But it's great for a lot of reasons. The sushi is so well done and I've had some of their special rolls (including some off-the-menu stuff) and it's all good. Iced Green Tea is a must here if you're not going to do sake or Tsingtao.Okay. So a while back they had this place on groupon--- where you pay half of the amount and get double the food. So I paid $30 through groupon to receive $60 worth of food and drinks. Pretty good deal for hibachi at dinner. This was my first time using one of these "groupons" and I wasn't able to physically print a coupon, so I hoped for the best that they would take it off my phone, which they eventually did.
The atmosphere is nice, just a typical Japanese hibachi feel, very clean. I didn't stare very hard because I was worried about that stupid coupon the while time. Anyway, since we came in at 9 we were crammed between a party of two and a party of four. If you're coming as a couple expect to be seated next to a stranger. But that's part of the beauty of hibachi is bonding with strangers.
Ok so back to this groupon thing. I came in fearing that I couldn't redeem it, but the guy at the door told me as long as I got the barcode I would be fine. The whole time I'm looking for it in the lobby I forget that I was supposed to be ordering. So when I sit down the server was kind of rushing me, but I understood that the order had to be put in to not hold up everyone else. He ordered filet mignon and calamari, and I ordered lobster and steak. He asked us if we wanted hibachi rice and we said no, just white rice. I just told him I would order sushi in a bit and for him to come back. I continue to look for the barcode and I finally got it, but the server never came back to take my sushi order. 
In between all that mess we got our complimentary clear soups and salad. I normally don't like house salads but the dressing on this one was nice and gingery. The clear soup.. Well. I don't know how they messed up clear soup but they did. They put onions in it which really messed with the integrity of the soup. No vermicelli in this one... I'm not even sure what the noodles in it were.
The hibachi chef comes out and he is very friendly. But I'm barely paying attention to him while trying to find my server to put in the rest of the order before their kitchen closed. He did all the usual tricks, but some that I never seen! He did my favorite (the heartbeart) but he made the eggs do fireworks! That was really fun. He tried to give us fried rice (that had egg, carrots, and peas I think), but I said no no no, we ordered white rice. So I knew we had fried rice on our ticket since I know the chef only measures exactly what is ordered. Anyway, next he made the vegetables which were regular. Zucchini, carrots, broccoli and onions (made from the volcano/choo choo train!) The noodles were okay. Then he made our food. The shrimp (two shrimp come with the dinner) and calamari were tasty, but the lobster and steak were average. The filet mignon was VERY good compared to my regular steak. 
I sit around forever waiting for the server to come back but he didn't until the meal was over. He was probably off worrying about the private party. SIGH. So I told the guy in front if I could please order with him. I ordered the MJ roll (which is like Metairie roll with tuna and snowcrab drizzled with eel sauce, but with asparagus; pretty average) and beef negimaki. With the groupon from Sun-Thurs there was supposed to be a free appetizer from their most popular items list. We chose that because it was on the menu "most popular items" and that was on our groupon guidelines. We told our actual server what we ordered (when he finallyyyyyyy came) but turns our the guy in the front didn't put it in. SIGH. So we ordered it again with intentions of bringing it home. This other person came and offered the whole table boxes when we all weren't done. But we were the only ones that didn't get any.... Surprise. 
So we're sitting there waiting from our food and got the ice cream that came with it: a scoop of vanilla. It was slightly freezer burnt, but they probably had a 10 gallon back there. When we got our bill we were still charged for the rice that the guy said we "canceled" but we never ordered it the first place, and the beef negimaki. I took it with the cashier lady I guess who took down my barcode previously. She told me that actually the appetizers were whatever they made for that day but she would comp it anyway, though I supposedly checked with the guy in front that that's what they offered, he thought. SIGH. So all in all I paid $30 for the groupon, $12 for going over the $60 coupon limit, and reluctantly $14 for tipping on the original pre-discount price.
All and all I feel bad for giving them trouble but it's not like I was being rude about it. I was only asking for what I thought was included. It was all he said she said. Just a headache. But pretty much if I didn't have the groupon I would've never come here. Their sushi roll selection is not great, and I could live without hibachi. It's good/okay food but I probably wouldn't come back again. They probably wouldn't even want me back haha.I have no words for how bad our experience with Miyako was. The establishment should be embarrassed. First, it took over 45 minutes to prepare a takeout order (1 sushi dinner, 1 sashimi dinner). The restaurant was completely empty, so there really isn't an excuse.
Upon finally receiving our order there was only one container. We told the hostess that this couldn't possibly be all of our food, not to mention there was no soup or salad and both meals were supposed to come with both. She insisted that was it. I opened the container and it was clearly only the sushi dinner. I tried to explain this and she kept telling me no, that was everything we ordered. Again, I told her that this was only the sushi dinner, we were missing the sashimi dinner and the 2 soups and 2 salads to go with it.
She checked with the chef who said he was still working on our order. Finally we thought we had everything and walked home. Ultimately, they only gave us one soup and one salad, and the sashimi dinner was the saddest thing I have ever seen. Not to mention, the tuna is an incredibly unnatural shade of reddish pink and the salmon had been peppered and seared. NONE OF THE FISH WAS EDIBLE.
Maybe this place really does have great hibachi, and if that's the case, they should stick to that and take sushi off the menu completely.
They could also use new front of house staff.This place has the worst hibachi I've ever had. I was so excited for my meal when I called it in. When I got home and actually tried it, not only had they messed up my order but the meal itself was below disgusting. Never going back.Don't charge me almost $12 for a sashimi lunch that promises 10 pieces of fish then 2 of them be giant pieces of tamago (egg) and the rest, except the dreaded mackerel,  be little slivers of fish.  Of course no substitutions. 
I come here because it's close to the office. I wouldn't recommend it. Maybe the hibachi is good; never tried it.Although I normally enjoy coming here, I just arrived at 9:50PM and was rushed to order by the server who said it was last call although their website says they don't close until 10:30. He was so rude and demanded that we order immediately, so we decided to just leave without ordering. This was extremely disappointing customer service from a place that I frequent.The first thing we got was the gyoza, which came highly recommended by our waitor. The plating was very pretty, but the gyozas were cold! cold gyoza is never good. Then we got the hibachi and the sushi bento box. the steak, chicken and veggies were very good, but don't ask for the fried rice! ssoooo not worth it. They screwed up the bento box by not giving me the wrong slices of fish promised by the menu, and did not deliver on the tempura shrimp that was promised as well. 
The worst thing of all I would say is the scallops in the thin soba noodles. the noodles were horrible tasting with this star anise sauce, and the scallops tasted bitter. 
Kyoto and sushi brothers are MUCH betterI've had dinner at Miyako's a few times and have never had any complaints.  The Hibachi chefs give the usual presentation at the grill with their tricks.  The steak, shrimp, and chicken hibachi are good along with the chicken fried rice.  It's a good choice when you're looking for a Japanese restaurant in the area.I went to Miyako for the first time today for a staff Christmas gathering with the school I work for.  We were all seated in the private "party room" in the back.  Most of our group ordered hibachi, but myself and another coworker opted out of hibachi and ordered several rolls of sushi instead.
The hibachi was prepared very promptly.  The chef came out, did the standard tricks, and served everyone that ordered from the grill very quickly.  However, my coworker and I that ordered sushi literally waited and waited and waited- probably around an hour and a half.  Finally, when the people that ordered hibachi started boxing up their food, we decided to ask our waiter the whereabouts of our sushi.  He said that it was coming and brought out one Salmon roll to my coworker - she had ordered three rolls.  I had had enough at this point and was too hungry to take the chance of sticking around to see if my sushi would eventually come, so I decided to just pay for what they had brought out that I ordered: a glass of red wine and a miso soup.  I gave the waiter a $20 and asked for change. Getting change took at least an additional 20-30 minutes, and I literally had to track down the waiter to see what the hold up was.  
On my way out, I asked to speak to the manager because it had honestly been one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life.  I expressed how awful the service had been and how I didn't think I or my coworker that ordered sushi should have to pay anything seeing as we waited close to 2 hours and still our orders had not been served.  He went on for awhile about how he was having problems with his waitstaff but finally told us he "never comps anything" but would certainly amend our bills to have the sushi taken off.  I thought this was a little bit ridiculous.  Of course, we shouldn't have to pay for something we never received!  
All in all, my first time at Miyako will certainly be my last.  Life is too short to waste most of it waiting around for food!Everyone's pretty much said it all. They have parking. The food is good. The hibachi table is fun and the hibachi comes with ice cream. The service was good. The downfalls are the price and the smoky atmosphere.Absolutely the worst hibachi place I've ever been no yum yum no show just garbage 
Nothing is seasoned well I've been to probably 100 hibachi dinners across the country and this by far is the worstSo embarassing to be in such a typical surburban-esque restaurant, but it was a birthday dinner and honestly, we all had so much fun. (Course, it was 90% self generated and 10% Miyako)
8 ppl, 2 hot sakes, 4 large bottles of Japanese beer, 2 mixed drinks and the hibachi - 289.  Damn, with tip, that's about $40/person!!!  What a deal!  
Hibachi was okay...I'm usually very apprehensive since the ratio of cooking oil to food is scary!!!!!!!  Therefore I didn't have the gut in me to eat  as much as my friends....but the chef was quiet and polite and did his thing.  
So three stars for average food cooked in front of you, and another for a great atmosphere and a nice server.  I called ahead of time and got ourselves a table...it's always easier to talk and relax without strangers eating with you.We went to eat lunch with a group of 9, kids and adults.  We were told we would sit at a hibachi table even though we were probably getting sushi, because there was not a table large enough to accommodate us, no problem. At the table, we decided 6 of us were going to order the hibachi. After ordering we were told that they were going to cook it in the back since everyone at the table was not getting hibachi, when we asked if they could cook it there for the kids, we were told yes' if we pay $8 per person not eating the hibachi!!! Yes that is there split charge!  The food was brought out piece by piece as it was cooked.  Rolls came out quickly with kids plates not coming out for 10 min after, then fried roll 5min after that and one $26 chicken hibachi dinner never made it!!! We said everyone has eaten, so cancel it!  All the while, the grease trap on the grill, which was off, stunk terribly!!  Terrible experience! $170 bill had 18% auto gratuity added!Made reservations for Hibachi table two days in advance for a party of 7-10 at 5:30pm on a Wed. No other customers in restaurant.The purpose of the gathering was to have a nice dinner while being entertained by the chef during preparation. Well he was obviously just a cook and the normal fun & theatrics during prep was a flat zero. No personality. Only flat lined. Never going again. I'll stick to Sho Gun in Metry.I picked up takeout to eat on the parade route. I felt like it was overpriced. I got a rock n roll sushi roll, a seaweed salad, and a bottle of water, and the bill came to almost $20. The seaweed salad was a whopping $6 for a half-cup scoop. As for the rock n roll sushi, it was okay but I could only detect shrimp in half of the roll. The other half was mushy and had no substance. 
They did let my friends park there for the parade (with purchase) so it wasn't all bad. Might give it another try if I am in the area or if my friends want to eat there. I probably will try the Hibachi next time instead of the sushi.The worst service I have ever experienced. We waited almost 50 minutes to get our food in an empty restaurant. My meal came out cold and without rice. Told the waitress and she gave me attitude saying it could not be cold she just got it from the kitchen...told me she could microwave it for me? Disgusting. Will never return. Didnt get the fried rice we ordered till after the bill was already paid....HORRIBLE SERVICESushi Brothers was packed so we settled for Miyako.. And settle we did. Granted it is fresher than the local Chinese food corner store but it was just okay.. Nothing exceptional other than the chef with all his tricks! Hell.. That was better than the food... Next time Sushi Brother OR BUST!!!!This was my first time here. I came during lunch, and I must say, it was a pleasant experience. I ordered the Hibachi Calamari, and it was delicious. The guy, whose name I can't remember was awesome. I'm gonna come back again, but for the dinner service.I love hibachi but these guys aren't nearly as good as Shogun- and the hibachi's expensive at dinner. The lunch specials are maybe worth it, but a dinner hibachi combo will run you about 25$... which is what I'd expect to pay for hibachi except they don't include fried rice. Yup, they charge you an extra $3.50 for fried rice over steamed rice- and all they do to their fried rice is add a little egg, onion and soy sauce. It's infuriating- I felt like I was being ripped off.
Will be making the drive to Metairie from now on.I give Miyakos a 3 Star for being a fun place for a group and the food/service was good. Cons: no vents over tables so tends to get very smokey, and if you like your steak medium (like me) ask for medium rare/rare I asked for medium but it was well!Great food and drinks but hospitality sucks. Tonight we had a dinner party in there private room. Three weeks ago I paid to reserve a room which was suppose to be returned tonight. But they claim that is not true...you rent the room and money is not returned. When myself and some other family walked in...they made us wait until the rest of our party came...yet I am renting this room. I repeatedly ask why can't i go back there if i paid to reserve it until i had to beg. It was a surprise for my parents on there 40th wedding anniversary so we wanted to surprise them in the room. They claim they were getting the room ready. If i reserved the room for 6pm then why are you just now getting it ready? After the surprise we took pictures then sat down. I noticed after, about 35 minutes, that they just turned the hot tables on. It's two sides so we had two chefs. One came out but apparently the other hot tables were taking to long to heat up. Again repeatedly, i had to ask what was going on. One side was almost done eating before the other even got their rice. They offered free ice cream but that never came for my parents. We voiced our complaints but they didn't care not one bit. Hospitality and care for their customers are non-existent. The floors where very slippery and the windows seals were disgusting. They claim the room fits 25...that's a lie because we had 19 people and that was a tight fit. Will never go here again or recommend it.I've eaten here a few times and it's passable, but you can do so much better. The hibachi is okay, but the shrimp is frozen and most definitely not Louisiana or even fresh. And there are so, so many better places for sushi it's not even funny. Unless you're here because someone else really wanted to go, just pass it up and get something better. 
Also, the parking lot is always FILTHY! Trash is strewn throughout, stuck into the restaurant's bushes like it's been sitting there for months. Which it probably has. There is a nearby Office Depot, so maybe this accounts for it, but I don't care. It's gross and somebody really, really needs to take care of it on a daily basis.It should be called Miyucko. I can't vouch for the "hibachi grill" - most of the restaurant is comprised of teppan grills manned by faux Benihana cooks flinging suspicous food at the customers seated around them - but the "kitchen" food was awful - both the preparation and the ingredients. The sushi we ordered never arrived, which was just as well, as we took a close look at the sad fish at the sushi bar when we were leaving. The bar got the drinks wrong, although it was amazing as our server spent most of her time banging a drum and droning "Happy Birthday" at various tables.
Ick.
I wish I could give it negative stars.We love this place, the sushi is great and inexpensive. The sushi chef is very nice. I always get the avocado roll it's fresh and delicious. Will not go anywhere else for sushi. I am not sure why this place has so many bad reviews. We have had nothing but good experiences here.We finally got back here after some five years.  Better than we remembered.  
"Tempura" not real, but better than most here.  We can't find REAL tempura anywhere here !
Miyako is one of the best of the crowd here.
I wish we could find real tempura !this location actually changed its name to "yoko" after katrina. it changed up the recipes a bit, too. i'd say its probably the best hibachi i've ever had in my life. the salad dressing is great and the shrimp is always fresh. i don't eat meat but my husband loves the steak here. the fried rice is incredible. all the chefs are very nice, and the servers are friendly (unlike the new orleans location)
for the hibachi eaters, there are four tables in the back of the restaurant. the front half is sushi and kitchen entrees, and in between is a nice big bar that's always empty. 
highly highly recommended if you happen to be in metairie :)Hibachi was excellent. Food was tasty and incredible.  Only wish the service was 
Better.  Our waitress was either overwhelmed or lacking knowledge in drink orders. We ordered 3 drinks and each one was wrong.  Great thing the food made up for the poor service.Unfortunate that my first Hibachi experience had to be so horrible! Called ahead to be placed on the waiting list was hung up on the first time. When we called them back they took our full name. Once we arrived 20 minutes later the lady at the front stated that she tried to call us back but got no answer (1st lie). While waiting and seeing several others seated that came in after us she said we would be seated to the left (2nd lie). Another group was seated then she said they were opening up the party room in the back for the last 9 people waiting (3rd lie). Once we got to the back (over 45 min later) half the hibachi area was full of people that had been waiting for over an hour already. We sat down the waitress took our orders with no organization going to the next guests sitting next to us before taking our full orders. We waited for drinks over 10 minutes. A hibachi chef finally came over but went to the other grill where the people had clearly been waiting a long time because in the 45 min we waiting we had not seen any of them. Once he started to cook the room filled with smoke. All the customers eyes were running and burning due to the room being so closed in and not suitable for indoor grilling. We could barely breathe, one by one people got up from the table. I could not even enjoy let alone finsh my sushi roll which was not appetizing. Once we walked out and went to the front to pay and express of frustration the same
Lady at the front stated that was their first time using that party room and that's never happened before (4th lie). We paid and left. I have no intentions on returning. How could you have over 10 hibachi tables and only 3 chefs on Valentines Day night?! Unbelievable!I really wanted to recommend this place.  Greetings and service were friendly and prompt.  Although I was a solo diner, clearly some of the parties at the Teppan tables were having a great time.  That said, I have to echo some of the comments of other reviewers: Hibachi dinners here are expensive and not good value (with one large beer and no app I paid $40 plus tip).  Portions were not large either (arguably "right size" but not normally what you expect for Hibachi especially at this price point). Shrimps were small and not served straight off the Teppan, they were cold and stiff.  Chicken was warmish but overcooked, stiff. Both these were probably recycled from another table. The fried rice (extra charge as so many have noted) actually tasted quite good though mostly rice. Overall value for price paid is low. Might be OK for lunch if in a group, but I am being generous here.The ambiance is lovely, but that's it. The food is mediocre. Grilled broccoli with garlic is clearly frozen microwaved broccoli. The shrimp was over cooked. The fried rice was premade packaged. It wasn't disgusting, but wasn't worth $30 per person.I went and tried them out again...it was a mess!! We were seated and waited for a few more customers to sit with us, no problem. The cook roll out the cart , cooks the food, and we start to eat.... I know they close at 2:30 they stop seating a 2:15 for hibachi, we were seated since 1:45, as we started to eat around 2:30 they turned off the TV, the music, and the lights while 5 guests sat at the table to eat. I couldn't believe it , it was ridiculous!! They won't see me no time soon!!!I've been here so many times and I must say I am never disappointed. It's hibachi, how could you not like hibachi???!! The last time I went, me and my boyfriend got there right before they opened for their dinner rush and we were able to have a whole table to ourselves. Well we had the whole restaurant to ourselves lol. It was really nice and the cook was super friendly. He cracked jokes with us and stuff. It was really cool. Even though we came on a random Thursday night, I'd literally recommend this place any night of the week :)Miyako was pretty good and I would probably rate it 3.5 stars, but I can't so it gets three stars. Me and a friend popped into this place when they were 15 minutes away from closing. Even though we came in late, the hostess happily seated us and we ordered.
We decided on the salmon sashimi, a rainbow roll and a Philly roll. Only two pieces of sashimi come to an order, so we got three orders which came to about $10. The rainbow roll was a special roll and it was good, but I would have liked if it was a bit bigger for the price.
It was nice that I didn't feel rushed even though they were on the verge of closing when we arrived. I would probably go back, but it wouldn't be my first pick for sushi in the city.My husband and I would visit an hibachi restaurant in Minnesota EVERY other Friday.  The showmanship and the amount of food was so amazing!  Miyako however lacks the  I-want-to-come-back je ne sais quoi? The Chef's have no personality and the food is sub par. Where is the sake down your throat? ?!!
We will eat the leftovers but won't come back for more.Miyako needs to thoroughly improve if it is going to stay in business.  Especially in a sushi place, things need to be clean, and this restaurant was anything but.  The service was slow, inattentive, and borderline rude.  The sushi was mediocre at best, and priced disproportionally to its quality.
Don't waste your time here, even if your meal is 50% off with a groupon. Some things just aren't worth it.Inappropriate pissing boy bottle. Don't be afraid to ask them to NOT use it, they have a normal one. Don't let them use this especially if you have kids with you. I love the hibachi but this makes me want to find another place!    I saw a father looked uncomfortable when the chef used it in front of his daughter. It's ridiculous.Food:4
Price:4
Chef:4
Waiter:3
Atmosphere: I was by myself.
I don't know, for the quality of fish, it was not too bad. Seriously, I went there after working 10 hours that day, and then I just had my GPS and This was closed to French Quarter (or at least closed enough when I was on my way back to the hotel). 
Price was not too bad neither. To be honest, I was very skeptical when I saw the 'Hibachi' side, since I was looking for Sushi, but as I sat down at the bar, the chef was pretty friendly. And the food was cheap enough.The wait is sometimes a little long to have enough people to get a cook out to start preparing the lunch. The food is okay. But the smell on your clothes for being too close to the cooking surface is not niceTwo and a half stars, the rating at the time of this review, is below what I would rank as my experiences here over a couple of visits.
This is a solid hibachi choice.  Not the most elegant (indeed, a little run down around the edges), but the chefs have chops and could entertain with the targeted shrimp flips and the flaming onion volcano and otherwise masterfully wielding sharp implements and bursts of flame while cooking up a meal.  Drinks and water were refilled promptly, mostly.  Customer service was friendly.   
The menu offers practically every possible combination of protein for hibachi.  There is also a sushi menu for those who want a little extra (or just want sushi, but for sushi alone, I'd probably choose somewhere else).  
The hibachi chefs try accommodate requests from the more demanding diners, particularly those in grade school who don't like their this piled to their that.This place MUST be under new management as my last experience here was horrible. HORRIBLE! 
We came on the weekend at dinner time. The night before was the besties bachelorette party so we were hungover and hungry. And we left that way. 
Our server was poor. The grill was too hot so everything was cooking too quickly. Our fried rice which we paid extra for was mush. Fried rice is supposed to be made with cold rice and this wasn't. Our steak was over cooked. We literally had to ask for it to be removed or it would have been rubber. And the salt.....OMG you would have thought we ordered a side of high blood pressure. The portion sizes were small. Normally at dinner you get enough food to feast on for the next day. This was anything but. It was barely a lunch portion. 
We voiced our concerns to mgmt...was like talking to a brick wall. We paid and vowed to never return again. Sucks because I used to like this place. 
Oh well.One of my favorite sushi spots in the city. The head sushi chef there is amazing and nothing shy of an artist. She's even made things for us we've requested that aren't on the menu. Great customer service. Our favorite rolls are the fried fish roll and the scorpion roll but I've never gotten a roll there I didn't like!Wanna sit with strangers and eat greasy food ? 
Service keeps getting worse and worse every time. My daughter,8yrs, loves the food and the entertainment therefore we go when its her turn to choose(honor roll award, bday, etc) Lots of butter is used in the hibachi food so if you re not used to it, stay close to a bathroom! The sushi never tastes fresh so I dont bother anymore. 
Our entire table had an issue once where so many things went wrong it would take up too much space to mention here and the manager said all she could do was give us our soft drinks for free and by the way most of the table ordered waters(which we had to serve ourselves) 
Its always a $100 dinner for 2 adults and one child with no bar drinks. 
Prices are way better at lunch - 
The vents don't work well either so on a busy night your eyes burn from all the smoke. Ive also noticed spit balls on the private dining room walls and the bathroom is dilapidated. (see pics) .Delish I go all the time. The lunch specials are cheap and the noodles are so good! Nice staff. The filet is so yummy!I love a good Hibachi meal. 
It's always fun for me.  If I want to go for Hibachi, this is the place I prefer out of the whole city to go to. It's pretty inside and I've never had a problem with the staff's service.
Always a good time!I've been to this place four times over the past few years. The last time I went was about a month ago where a friend and I had lunch. Nothing was spectacular about my food, even though I got three different rolls, and the rice in the roll seemed old and a bit on the dry side. And the fish didn't have that vibrant, fresh color to it. Like if you just soaked all the fish in water for a long period of time. Our server wasn't the most helpful. Every time I asked him something, he would have to leave the table to go and ask someone else, but he was very friendly and nice and did check on us all throughout our dining experience.
Now, before that, I came here to have hibachi with my boyfriend and his family. The hibachi show itself was extremely lackluster. No personality or pizazz (and we had a five year old girl with us, so I was expecting some sort of show for her). Everything the chef said and did just seemed so scripted (even though I know it is), but he really didn't seem to enjoy himself at all, like he was just going through the motions. The performance was just so flat, and he would say things without looking at any of us-- ZERO eye contact amongst anyone. The food itself was okay. Nothing too fancy. My steak was overcooked (asked for med rare, got nearly well instead), and the shrimp were cooked for too long and turned out rubbery.
Honestly, I would never come back here. Nothing special about the food, service, experience, anything. For hibachi, I would much rather recommend Shogun in Metairie or Fuji Hana in the Westbank. As far as sushi, really any where else in the city could do a much better job. This is my first negative review, but I've given this place a fair amount of chances. Honestly, I think this place deserves just one star, but I haven't experienced food poisoning or rude staff, so two stars it is. Sorry, Miyako.I like their hibachi, but I like the sushi rolls better. The yummy sauce is my favorite when it comes to adding sauce to the rolls.Came because of Yelp reviews. It was a great food experience. The waitress was slow and inattentive but the sushi chef and the quality of the food made up for it. I ordered a variety of sashimi, hand roll, traditional sushi and a fancy thing called a saints roll. Also had a squid salad. All of it was very fresh, tasted good and was presented in a way that was pleasing to the eyes. I highly recommend the sushi bar food. The had several tables of habachi guest but that isn't where my interest lie but the people there seemed to enjoy the food and the show.The staff is very friendly, and the location is convenient, but in spite of the best efforts on the part of the sushi chef, the food is definitely subpar. Way too much gooey sauce drowning the otherwise acceptable roll pieces. 
And the place itself could really use a little shaping up. Kind of messy and unkept, without being dirty or run down. There's plenty of competition nearby, so I would suggest exploring other places first, if you're looking for really good sushi or teppan yaki,Ate here this past Friday evening with my family. I was warmly greeted upon my arrival. The server could've have been more attentive as she was only seen to get drink orders and pay the bill. Had to flag her down for refills. The chef was amazing. He was so hospitable and ensured the kids enjoyed their visit as well. We'll definitely be back again.