Wow! I've eaten BBQ in Texas, Kansas City, Georgia, South Africa, Thailand and California ... Moe's is heavenly, tucked away in a small neighborhood near the Garden District in NO. The "small"pork ribs are fall off the bone delicious, sides well thought out and executed. But the bonus here is the banana pudding. Run, don't walk to get your BBQ fix as only New Orleans can do it!Moe's was just ok for me. I know there are a lot of people who enjoy this spot but I wasn't really blown away. The chicken was decent but you can tell it could benefit from some brining to keep it a bit more moist. The mac and cheese was extremely good and let me tell you that has been hard to find for me at Barbeque joints. I like that they offer different bbq sauce but for me it was nothing out of this world.It's so nice to finally have some great BBQ nearby. I walked in one day after happening across it. I had no idea it was even there. The place makes some mean pulled pork sandwiches. Their sides are great too. I can't wait to go back and try out some more of that BBQ.Great barbecue! I really enjoyed my first visit here. The pulled pork sandwich was pretty tasty and the barbecue sauce is smokey and tangy with a bit of a pepper bite. The sides were good overall. The green pepper chili was amazing (seriously, get this one if it's available... It was just a special when I went), the red beans and rice was good, and the baked beans were solid. The collard greens were decent but nothing special. My girlfriend got the catfish, which fell apart easily and had a light, crispy batter. It was very, very good catfish. Lastly, I decided to "add Moe" and get the four baked chicken wings for 3 bucks. I'm glad I did, because they were some of the best wings I've had in a long time. The sauce was good but not too much, the wings were big and all drumsticks, and the chicken was tender and perfectly cooked. I'm a cheapskate, but that was totally worth my three bucks. Lastly, the staff was super nice and we even got a free side because they didn't have any hush puppies left. Simply put, go check this place out. It is a good value and overall a great BBQ experience.Got the Doublewide with pulled pork, white beans, jambalaya, and cornbread for a family of four. Everything was completely delicious and we are all rubbing our full bellies now for under $30!Thoroughly enjoyed the 6 bones ribs w mac & potato salad. Great flavor and you get alot for your money well worth it. I shall return!What can i say. Well lets just start of by saying i have a new favorite bbq spot.  The ribs were sooo juicy, smoked wings nice a crispy on the outside just like i like mines. And the sides were pretty good as well i had the baked beans which had lil pieces of pork heaven throughout and the potato salad which i hardly ever get when out but surprisingly it was good.  Oh and i love how the toast up the buns on the grill amazing. Truly satisfied with my meal.  Cannot wait till I return  the smoked turkey has sparked my interest.This is really good news for New Orleans. We've been eating Moe's in Alabama for years and nobody does barbecue better than these guys. Great atmosphere, great customer service.Absolutely hands down a great BBQ joint with fantastic sides! Very clean with a welcome home atmosphere. Someone should yell welcome to.....on the way in. You will be back.The staff was very friendly and laid-back and the food was everything I dreamed about from trying their Tuscaloosa location back during my college days. The wings and wing dipping sauce was off the chain and their pork sandwich will probably be my regular order. The banana pudding was SO good I almost got some to take home for later!! Thanks and see you soon.Hands down one of THEE BEST BBQ joints in NOLA. 
Few Items to try ::
:: Brisket (served once a week) -- Just amazing flavor and texture, probably could use a little less salt.
:: Pulled Pork -- Reg Item. Very yummy in texture/flavor
:: Watermelon/Cucumber Salad -- FAVORITE EVER! 
:: Corn Bread -- Comes w/ every meal. So freaking yum!
:: Tea-monade -- Unlimited Sweet Tea/Lemonade Mix
and you get a drink with your meal! 
:: BBQ Pork Ribs -- Very Good!
:: Skillet Corn -- I'm going to try and make this exact thing at home! There was sausage in it too
:: Mac 'n Cheese -- Nothing to write home about, but a good filler to go with meat! 
:: BBQ sauce -- It was good, but I think they need a sweet tangy sauce to add to there line up! Then it would be 110%
Overall, it was amazing! Great customer service, clean establishment, good location, good parking on street and felt like I was in someone's home! Awesome place you must check out!Great addition to the neighborhood.  The best parts: friendly staff, quick service and good prices (all the must haves in BBQ joints).  I love the side options, both regular and daily specials.  They have the expected basics, pulled pork, smoked chicken, ribs and wings with the surprise extras: fried catfish and smoked turkey breast.  The meals are effortless to order, meat or sandwich with two sides and a drink runs around $10, so reasonable.  It's exactly what you want from a BBQ place and I really can't emphasize how friendly they were.  Overall I think they're doing it right and I will be back, often.  We ordered the pulled pork and smoked chicken sandwiches.  I would like to get more smoke and flavor from the meat itself but, the BBQ sauce is one of my favorites already.  The potato salad reminds me of my moms (so excellent).  I would get the Sweet Potato Jojo's and the greens (both on special) every time!  The mac & cheese was okay.  I look forward to trying the ribs, wings and more sides.  Two thumbs up!!I must say, this is some good BBQ. We ordered the brisket which was so soft it dissolved in my mouth before I could chew. Damn near choked to death on the meat it slide down my throat so fast. The ribs were good, the BBQ baked beans, 'tato salad good but the skillet corn and watermelon cucumber salad was off the chain. So much flavor! Nice quiet atmosphere along with friendly knowledgable service, I'd definitely come back again. I love mom n pop shops over the huge franchises that lack personality and good customer service skills. It's s great place to come grab a bite, chill out and enjoy some flavor.Tried something different in NOLA, which is Moe's.  The service was excellent and the food was even better.  The prices for the pulled pork and smoked chicken was delicious.  Complimented with the entrée are two sides, corn bread and a drink.  The atmosphere is delightful and peaceful.  I would certainly go back and recommend that people try something not so typical of the NOLA's cajun style of food.  
Thanks,
Moe'sBig portions of BBQ at a good price in the University area.  Good beer selection. Sides are some of the best in town with BBQ Beans and Potato Salad as my favorites. Banana pudding is great dessert and can be ordered as a side. I try to stop by before any Tulane event.Went eat today with a couple work buddies. Very nice workers and the food was awesome. Had the wings and pulled pork. Highly recommend both.Good Bar-B-Q, glad to have a new joint in the hood since squeal closed on Maple. I had the pork and was pleased. The sides were a little hit and miss. I had baked beans (good) Cole slaw (good, but not quite what I'm used to). The wife had the black eyed peas and potato salad (both good). Daughter has mac&cheese (not bad, but non comittal). The cornbread was realy dense and lacked a flavor I was accustomed to.  Overall,  I'd return to try the rest of the menu.This is our to go place when family is in town. They love it. Food is good. Staff are friendly. The sides are great. I recommend the pulled pork.Sides were all unremarkable or bland, meat was mediocre.Wanted BBQ, was nearby, so ordered takeout. Got to my car, and opened immediately...ate all then and there before I got home! Delicious ribs, green beans a bit bland. Will definitely return!I ordered the Rib plate and added on pulled pork. My sides were baked beans and macaroni... rib was tender, pulled pork good, baked beans tasty but macaroni a little too salty... Ooh and the cornbread was tasty!  Will I try this place again? Yes! The BBQ  sauce is very tangy in my opinion.I've been on a BBQ team at Memphis in May, and an aficionado for decades. The only remarkable thing about Moes is its mediocrity. The ribs aren't smoked. Smoking imparts a color layer in meat. These ribs aren't barbequed. Low and slow cooking tenderises meat. These tough, colorless,  bland ribs appeared to have been marinated and boiled. Any legit  BBQ place should also be able to make a decent Mac n cheese. Moes' was not just bland, but also strangely, nearly cheeseless.  It's proximity to lots of college age kids from parts of the country not known for BBQ may keep this place in business. What they're passing off as BBQ certainly shouldn't.Had the ribs which were very tender but needed a lot more flavor.  I had to douse them in the BBQ sauce to make them flavorful, but one shouldn't have to use that much.  I should say that the sauce was good and had a nice balance.  The mac and cheese however was insanely salty!  This is coming from an admitted salt-aholic.  Someone needs to taste it before portioning and serving.  I will give them another chance and try different things, but so far, meh.Honestly, what kind of BBQ Restaurant on the planet doesn't have Brisket in the Menu or chooses to serve it at their leisure? BBQ is a major reason why I started Yelping. Think of it in these terms, imagine a BBQ competition w/o a category for Brisket. Brisket 101 can hold many individuals back from moving forward after mastering Chicken,Turkey, Ribs and just about anything else you put on the grill or in the Smoker. BBQ 101 is chicken. My 12 year old started off learning how to smoke chicken. C'mon Maaaannn, Brisket is the meat by which good BBQ is judged by. It is also the one thing that separates good from great. It makes or breaks BBQ Restaurants. Short and sweet as this may be as well as one sided it seems but this place is about as below average as BBQ gets. I have yet to go into a BBQ spot and order Turkey. I know it happens because I've seen it. Even in Texas Smoked Turkey has a following. But you can best believe next to that Turkey is Burnt Endz, Jalapeño Sausage and Beef or Pork ribs AND ABOUT A POUND OF Fatty BRISKET. So disappointing! I'm kinda angry and done with this one.The cornbread was really good.But The BBQ sauce was awfulit taste like a jar of Frenchs mustard i couldnt believe it and im happy i wasnt allergic......overall Not Good At AllBumped into this place because everything was closed on Memorial Day and SO happy I did! The staff was incredibly friendly, helpful with the menu, and the food (most importantly) was greaf. Next time I want BBQ I'll def visit Moe's.New place looks great.  I've never had Caribbean-style red beans and rice before.  I recommend that for a side.  Pulled pork sandwich + 2 sides + a fountain drink for $9 is a great dealGreat food! They make all sides fresh daily. Maybe the most underrated BBQ joint in New Orleans. Cheap and delicious!!The food was decent, if you like onions and mustard this is ideal. Spicy bbq sauce like it contains hot sauce, which is a unique twist. Staff was super friendly which adds the fourth star! I didn't like the Banana pudding it appears blended and just one vanilla wafer on top.Friendly staff and good bbq. Had the pulled pork sandwich and hubby had ribs. Everything was really good including the sides. Definitely will eat there again.Great BBQ. Got the ribs which were perfectly cooked. The pulled pork sandwich looked incredible. Have to come back and try it out.Flawless! Ribs are the best. Smoked chicken is a fantastic and well portioned. Wings are very flavorful. Mac n cheese is very cheesy. Always served prompt with a welcoming smile. Occasional sides vary with daily specials.I had the chance to try Moe's for a weekday lunch at 11. It was pretty quick service! So if you need to get back to work, you shouldn't have any problems getting in and out of this location quickly. 
I initially went to this location in hopes of brisket, but it wasn't on the menu. Instead, I went with the BBQ Ribs, with baked beans and banana pudding. Their banana pudding was yummy. Omg I could have eaten a full tub of banana pudding, whatever is the recipe it just so flavorful and smooth.  I also enjoyed the BBQ beans and they were also very tasty. The ribs were meaty and you definitely getting your money's worth. 
This location calls for street parking, but shouldn't have a issue finding something close by.  Good location for a work lunch outing.Randomly stumbled upon Moe's while looking for a new place to eat in town, and was not disappointed. The service was incredibly friendly, fast and informative. For the quality and portion size of the food, the price really can't be beat. Most dishes come with a cup for soda, but if you get an alcoholic beverage while ordering, they allow you to swap out the cup for an extra side. We enjoyed our dinner so much that we came back the next day for lunch. Definitely a place I will be returning to with friends.Hands down best BBQ in the city. Dem boys from AL are doin' it right. 2 and 3$ beers, daily plate lunch specials. I have never written a yelp review but am doing this out of the sheer appreciation for the plate of smoked meat I just ate. Go see and you will believeThis is a good use of this location and brings a little extra life to this area that has a few other restaurants. The decor is warehousish with warmth of wood benches, is simple but cute. Service was very fast with patrons ordering at the front and picking up their own food. As we walked up, we ran into our neighbors going for the first time as well. They had ordered the chicken and special of the day, pulled pork nachos, which looked amazing. So, I ordered the special as well, my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac & cheese and sautéed apples, and my son had the ribs with Mac & cheese and chips. We added 2 Blue Moons and a lemonade. 
Our food was up fast and presented more appetizingly than your typical bbq place. I didn't love my nachos as there was a sweet vinaigrette cole slaw as one of the topping that dominated the dish and was too sweet for me. The pork on my dish was good and the chips were handmade but the coke slaw drowned out the other flavors. My husband enjoyed his pulled pork, saying he'd go back for it. The Mac was decent out not special, and I had bit of his apples, which seemed homemade and were quite good. 
The ribs were pork with a sauce that's a bit different, Carolina style. Good for its style but not my favorite bbq sauce. Ribs were good but not special. My neighbor had the chicken which was very juicy and she enjoyed.
Every bbq joint has its strength, and here it is the pork. Worth a try and the prices are quite low. Great food value.So I happened to run into three of my employees today on Calhoun street. Being a generous boss, I decided to treat them to lunch, after all tgif. Of the three restaurants in the area, we decided to try Moe's. I had the smoked chicken and the guys had the pulled pork. All the food was excellent.
I love the atmosphere, its what I recall from my childhood, having lunch with my father in Dallas, Tx. 
Serving size is just right for lunch as well as the price of the meal. 
I will be back.This place is right next to my new apartment,  I discovered it the first week I moved and I can't get enough. I love BBQ pulled pork sandwiches and they do it right. They also have "special sides" every day and they're always different and never disappoint! My favorites have been the cornbread dressing,  boudin balls, and cheese grits. They also have a decent selection of local beers, because what goes better with BBQ? 
It's nothing too fancy inside, you walk up and place your order and then take it with you, but there's outdoor seating whenever the weather allows. Outdoor seating is a must for me. 
I will continue going back. Moe's found themselves a new regular.Everything about this place was great. Awesome service, the girl at the register approached us to see if we had any questions. We got the pulled pork sandwich with 2 sides and a drink for only $9. Talk about getting a bang for your buck! BEST PULLED PORKED SANDWICH EVER. 
Our sides were Mac and cheese, baked beans, collard greens, and banana pudding! They were all delicious and possibly the best I've had from any bbq place. Must try the baked beans and banana pudding! 
The restaurant and bathroom are both very clean. If you're looking for a place to eat really good bbq, I highly recommend this place.Moe's...you've really put me between a rock & a hard place. You see...I want you to remain this hidden little gem that I found by word of mouth, all mine without a line, close to home, open 'til 9PM every night. But I want people to know about you because you're some of the best food I've had in the year & a half I've lived here...& also, if people don't show up, you'll probably close, so I'll be SOL.
We met the two owners & they were super cool guys, very friendly, knew the dude who recommended the place to me by name & introduced themselves to us with a genuine interest in how we enjoyed our visit. Before we even knew them to be the owners, one of them came up & asked if it was our first time & made sure we knew about their specials & what all came with the different menu options.
I took an order of small ribs (4) & added smoked wings to my order ($3/4 wings) with a side of potato salad & banana pudding. Don't tell my boyfriend's mom, but that is hands down the best banana pudding I've ever had. Speaking of the dude, he doesn't like ribs but basically pried mine out of my hands. The smoked wings were perfectly crunchy on the outside & amazingly juicy on the inside. White BBQ sauce was a welcome addition but they definitely could stand on their own. Dude got the smoked chicken sandwich, which came dressed with slaw, which was also dank as hell. One of his sides was a daily special, the rib end boudin-- he said it's some of the best boudin he's ever had (I only managed to swipe a SINGLE bite without losing a hand, so I can't really confirm). The cornbread held together & had a good crumb, but wasn't dry at all with an amazing not-too-sweet flavor. Potato salad wasn't overly mustardy & you could tell from the get-go that it was homemade. We didn't have adult drinks, but an earlier review said that there wasn't any booze. There is now! There's a full bar! 
I don't know, y'all...they really nailed it for us. Everything was amazing, everything was homemade, & everything from the service to the pricing to the portion size was excellent.
So, go to Moe's! Go on nah! Git!Amazing! I love how much food you get and you can even add a side if you want one more.  My mac and cheese was missing and I was waiting for it and the cook was like what do you need I explained and there was no fuss and he apologized profusely!  It is quiet, homely, and delicious.  Whenever I need BBQ this is the place I will go!This is a hidden gem in the area. The food is exceptional and the atmosphere is very nice and laid back.This food was beyond HORRIBLE. The ribs were salty as hell. The barbque sauce was nasty and the potato salad had some much chunky season in it you couldn't even taste the potatoes. All you chewing is bell peppers and onion. The only thing I was able to eat was the bake beans. The corn bread was baked with jalapeños peppers. I'm sorry but this was a waist of my $15.12.Moes has great food, easy parking - what I don't like is they constantly run out of ribs.
Be sure to call ahead first if you want ribs and get there fast after you call.Been here twice already and love it! Price is just right, as is the ambiance. I love the little desert sides and my fave is the cole slaw. Tried the pulled pork and chicken--so yummy. Grilled cornbread is amazing.We were very happy to find this nice barbecue restaurant just a block from where were staying in New Orleans
It's reasonable clean inside the staff was very friendly and helpful we both had pulled pork sandwiches with sides and a drink.
The pork sandwiches had tons of meat on them and very tender.
We enjoyed it because it was very good and very close for us to walk to.Brian and his team at Moe's did a FABULOUS job catering our rehearsal dinner. The communication was great, prices were excellent, and food was top notch. It even pleased a picky Texas crowd. I cannot say enough about how nice Brian is and how delicious the food was. We ordered the pulled pork, smoked turkey, baked beans, mac and cheese, cole slaw, broccoli casserole, cornbread, and potato salad, and topped it all off with a tray of bread pudding. Great for feeding a large crowd. I think one of my bridesmaids even said she would bathe in their white BBQ sauce - it was that good. Overall so happy we went with Moe's, and the restaurant will always have a special place in our hearts!! (and stomachs)Some of the best BBQ in the city! Luckily, Moe's is a 5 minute drive from my home so I have the luxury of coming here all the time. 
New Orleans has tons of BBQ options. From Blue Oak to Saucy's, there are definitely a plethora of options to choose from. However, every experience I have seems to leave me disappointed and craving for decent BBQ. So far, Moe's is the only place I can enjoy consistently! 
THE PRICES! They have it down. Cheap food and tons of it. I've had the ribs and the chicken only, but both meats have been top-notch. The sides are always bomb (especially the Mac n cheese and the broccoli casserole special). And the white sauce...the white sauce is everything. 
Lastly, the vibes. The staff is friendly and accommodating, just another little plus about this place. 
See ya next week Moe's!Absolutely my favorite bbq pork that I've tried in Nola! The baked beans were awesome, sweet with a bit of heat. The potato salad was also yummy. With a super nice staff and very reasonable prices, I cannot wait to visit them again & try some of their daily featured sides- & desserts. Sorry Voodoo but I have a new home for bbq. Moe's I'll be back & hungry for more!Great food at a good price. The staff was very courteous and helpful being that it was my first time at this establishment. I'll definitely be back soon...My favorite BBQ in New Orleans. Wings are delicious and big, turkey is perfect, chicken is as good as it gets. Choosing sides I difficult given the numerous options, be it the regular sides or the 6-8 daily specials. Very reasonably priced, many TVs to watch game, good music playing through the restaurant. Would recommend Moe's to anyone.I'll be simple food delicious clean place and good customer service. I got the bbq ribs i was so tasty smoke flavor and the corn bread was my favorite.We stumbled upon this place when my boys were craving barbecue, but we didn't have time to drive across town to The Joint. My sons were a bit skeptical since they love The Joint so much, but we were not disappointed! The pulled pork and ribs were melt-in-your-mouth delicious, and both sons claimed it was some of the best mac-n-cheese they've ever had. Don't miss the daily sides (there are some true gems on that chalkboard). Best of all, we each had a meat and 2 sides with drinks for under $40! We will definitely be back.For the first time trying it, the bbq was really good.  Got the pulled pork platter with extra ribs.  There is no 2-meat or 3-meat combo like at many other places, so choose carefully.  You can also get wings, chicken, or turkey platter if you desire.  There are multiple sides, but we got the beans and the mac-n-cheese.  Both were ultimate.
The decor was nice and new as well as the facilities- clean.  Would have liked brisket, but they don't serve that.  Finished with banana pudding that had vanilla wafers in it.  Would recommend Moe's to anyone...
I thought the specs of jalapeño in the cornbread and the beans was a perfect touch of spice.  Normally I can't stand it, but you couldn't taste any residual jalapeño.  A nice addition along with the sweet pickle that comes with the meat.Very good bbq uptown. The pulled pork had great color and texture. Nice but not overwhelming smoke taste. I had a sandwich served with pickles and sauce. Mac and cheese sides were good and homemade, not just cheese sauce. Homemade banana pudding is highly recommended.The BBQ wasn't overcooked but close. I know that fall off the bone is popular but that's a tell tell sign of being over cooked. It's always nice to see a place get it right. The sauce was ok, nothing great. What impressed me the most was their jalapeno corn bread and their baked beans. They were wonderful. They also have great customer service. I had to pick up a hamburger across the road, so I ordered and told them that I'd be right back. When I came back, I noticed that there wasn't a bag sitting out. I then saw the cashier had held it in the back and went to grab it when he saw me walk back in. I was very impressed by that when it's way too common these days for workers to only care about getting paid and not their customers, especially when the customer is a younger adult.It's just amazing ! Best BBQ around. Great service. Very chill. Good value for the quality of the food.I enjoyed this nice little place. The food was good.I had the rib platter with potato salad and bake beans. I must say the sides and the cornbread was delicious the reason I'm giving three stars is because of the ribs wasn't your outdoor BBQ pit taste it had a smoke taste, but not what I'm used of...Went to Moe's for lunch with my daughter and the X. They both liked their food. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese and peas and greens. The mac and cheese was average, the peas and greens were good and the sandwich was good. It maybe the perfect size meal for lunch if you don't want to get too stuffed on a lunch break. However, if you are really hungry you maybe disappointed because the sandwich is relatively small as are the sides. Probably the best thing about the place is that it is a good value because you get the sandwich, two sides and a drink for about ten bucks. Would probably try a couple other places before I go back to Moe's mostly because it's a corporate chain restaurant and not locally owned and operated.If you love copious amounts of salt in your food, this is your place. My turkey sandwhich and Mac  & cheese both have so much potential. At first I thought it was just me but my friend throughly agreed with my assessment. I'm not sure if it was just today or that's how it usually is, but I'm not a fan of extremely salty foods. I will say the corn bread was solid. And that banana pudding has had to be the best I've had that wasn't made my the women in family. That was the highlight of my stay. Everything other than the salty foods were great from the helpful cashier to the clean facility they maintain, but I safely say the likelihood of my return to this place is very low.Excellent bbq typique sud américain, un peu à l'extérieur mais juste en dessous de notre appartementthe thanksgiving sandwich is amazing, definitely recommend going on a thursday. i also had the wings & tried the white sauce which compliments the smoked wings perfectly. while i waited on my to go food i sipped on a delicious bushwacker and dreamed of being on the beach. EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! happy i live less than a mile away, i'll be back often! (:I'm working my way through the menu. It's that good. It's always moist, plentiful, and great value. Many other places get the flavor correct but the ratio of fat is too high. I'm sure they brine the proteins first, but to me the moisture and flavor is perfect.Awesome food and awesome service. Had ribs, baked beans and potato salad. This is by far the best bbq I've had in Nola and I've been here for several years. Will be back again soon (maybe even tomorrow!).The bbq was life changing and the staff was just great! The cook that looked like chubby jesus had very interesting views on existentialism and the laws of the universe. I would definitely dine here againMy family came to Moe's for an early dinner . The food, service and atmosphere were great ! We all tried the banana pudding and loved it! The sauce was just right !really good bbq, especially for New Orleans which is like the only kind of food you cant find very easily in this city. got the pulled pork sandwich which was good but on the small side, kind of a big slider. 
you have to love a place that lets you choose banana pudding as one of your sides. price wasnt bad at all i just wish my portions were a little bigger. 
they were out of ribs when i went at lunch so that just means I have to go back soon.Quality BBQ at a great price. I eat here once a week. Try one of the daily specials for side plates. They are excellent. [pro tip: the mac & cheese is nothing special.] Go for the gold and try the rib plate. Friendly staff. Best music playlist of any restaurant (all time). 5 stars.Good food and quick service. I loved the loaded baked potatoe.Never had a bad meal here.  The pulled pork sandwich, smoked turkey, smoked chicken sandwich and the wings are my favorites.  They also have great special sides that change everyday.Just dessert. Didn't have the food. Wanted some really good banana pudding. Read someone's that sounded like a good chance. NOPE this is like nutmeg banana something. So not even close to what banana pudding should be :(  obviously ppl must rate it on the bbq. Well still searching for someone who makes banana pudding. It's one of those hard to find desserts. Who knows of a place??My girlfriend bought me here because she seen it online. The food was excellent, I ordered smoked wings, Mac and cheese and the special sweet potato side. The wings were cooked to perfection. The red bbq sauce was sweet and tangy(really good). The food was also very quick. I definitely recommend it. A small but friendly atmosphere. You get what you pay for, reasonable prices and worth it.Simply the best bbq in NOLA.  We tried all of the meats: brisket, pulled pork, ribs, turkey and chicken.  Everything was perfect.  Looking forward to a return visit very soon.Awesome place, got a pulled pork sandwich, side, drink and desert for under $10. The employees were super friendly and the food tasted great. Soon to be a local favorite.Went to Moe's for the first time. It was so good. Nice little place with good atmosphere. Very friendly staff. I got the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese and baked beans. Everything was amazing. I'm not a fan of baked beans but out of the other sides they offered it was the only other thing I liked other than the mac and cheese. These baked beans were so damn good I ate em all! The mac and cheese was so good too!!! The pulled pork was amazing. My brother got a rib plate with double mac and cheese as his sides. He shared the ribs because he's been telling me to go eat there and try the ribs. Wow these ribs are very good! Looking forward to going again.Fantastic BBQ at a great price! Better sides than the Joint. Super friendly staff. No alcohol served here. We had the wings, mac and cheese, rib sandwich and skillet corn. Mac and cheese was a little bland, but was tasty with some BBQ sauce on it.EPIC barbecue. Those bowahs really know how to smoke some butts. When that dinner bell starts ringing look the hell out!Great place nice prices. Pretty much what I would have expected from a good BBQ place. The service was great!!Fantastic ribs and chicken wings. Staff was super friendly and helpful. We will definitely come back. Cornbread was also delicious.I had the smoked wings, a side of Mac and cheese, a side of potato salad, and a side of banana pudding. It was so delicious. Everything was cooked with perfection and it tasted so good. I will be coming here again if I am in New Orleans.