Although only a short distance from the French Quarter, Frenchman Street is like stepping into a different realm. It's only two-blocks long but full of life and non-stop entertainment and on any given day of the week, you can hear the live sounds of reggae to Latin to blues.
To kick off a night on Frenchman Street, it's best to do so on a full stomach so stopped into Mojitos Rum Bar and Grill on the edge of Frenchman Street for dinner and a warm up to a night out on the town.
Just like a lot of the other places in the area, Mojitos has their own live entertainment and if u stay late enough on Saturdays a Latin music party. All of this takes place on their beautiful patio but you also do have the option of indoor dining but I highly recommend that you do not do that. Even consider sitting at their large outdoor bar before doing that.
Going to a place called Mojitos means you have to get a Mojito. Due to their namesake, they have plenty of options from specialty drinks to the typical fruit flavor kind. I started off with The Frenchman which was amazing and thank fully strong.
Later on, I decided to get another drink and selected the Ultimate Mojito. I know it said mint syrup and I don't know what I was thinking but it was the ultimate fail. It tasted just like syrup, medicine syrup. If you 'bout that sizzrup, this may be the drink for you.
We order the Jerk Chicken Skewer as a starter and it was so unbelievable delicious! Do you know how hard it is to go to a place that doesn't specialize in Jamaican food and for them to actually get it right? The flavors were on point and the spice level was beyond expectations. To offset the spicy factor, the blackberry brandy sauce added just the right touch.
There are only four choices for main dishes, but they all sounded so good, I still had a hard time deciding. I ended up ordering the Aruba Scallop. It came with grits and I am actually NOT a fan of grits but these were well flavored and a great compliment to the delicate and well cooked and prepared scallops. A dish like this has potential to lack flavor, but it was really good and had a nice kick to it.
My boyfriend ordered the Lechon Asado or as the menu states, citrus marinated roasted Kurobota pork belly. The meal was served with rice and beans. He thought it was really good taste wise, but was disappointed in the portion size which I guess was a little small but I was full after eating my meal.
I was very satisfied with the food, service, atmosphere and entertainment. It is a great place to hang out, to drink or eat food. It's a great place period. I will be back.I was staying a week in Marigny near the French quarter and just walked in off the street. The manager James was amazing and very helpful. The chef, Richard, suggested the grits ( which I usually don't like) so he brought us out two bowls to try ( for free). A-mazing.  
We ordered Breakfast Ya Ya and the crayfish omelet with bloody marys. The food was perfect and drinks strong. They put pickled greenbeans instead of celery which was really unique. 
The service was attentive without being suffocating and I am definitely coming back before we leave.Became our "home base bar" with almost nonstop free live music. But it was so very much more.
1st, if you like rum, there is no other place to go. Joanie's Mojitos are extraordinaire; and the sipping offerings were extensive. Bruce knows more about premium rum than any man should have a right to know. The big surprise is the Pimm Cup. The redheaded amazon bartender made THE best one I have ever had. I have had many and until now they were basically all the same, but not this one. Rum is the specialty, but don't feel limited.
Even though we stopped in once or twice a day during our trip (right next door to our hotel), we didn't have dinner. Probably my greatest vacation regret. We did however eat from the small plates menu several times. 2 of the most memorable were the crab cakes and crawfish fritters. Then the scallops made our eyes roll back in their sockets. Yes, they were that good. So the food was outstanding, the cocktails rise to an art form, but the staff is the big draw. I have not felt so comfortable even in my own hometown. Helpful, friendly, funny; perfect to hang out and feel like you have known these people for years. They are the gateway to the Marigny and you need to stop in.Brunch was fantastic. I had the breakfast ya ya. Highly recommend! Everyone else really enjoyed they're meals too. Atmosphere & service were awesome as well. I'll be back!
Update... I did go back... dinner was less fantastic than brunch, i hope it's just a fluke, ill give it another try next time im in town...  :)Nice atmosphere. Waiter came after 10 minutes. We ordered an appetizer while we were deciding what we wanted to drink from the bar. Waiter said he'd be right back to take our drink order. We waited....and waited...and waited....he must be hanging with Jonbenet Ramsey and Natalee Halloway. We left and went to the Praline Connection. Guys, get your asses over to the Praline Connection!"Mojito's" has matured and developed its own personality.  
This is a great "pit-stop" for those exploring the French Quarter, Marigny, & Esplanade Ridge on foot or on bike.
The patio bar is a great hang-out.  Eclectic menu and hors d'ouvres are good. Drinks are GREAT.
Live music weekends; custom is to "tip" the musicians !
Stop in, tell Carla "Hi", & have a "house mojito".This place has a really good atmosphere but unfortunately that's all it has going for it. 
It took the hostess about 15 minutes to seat us despite the place being mostly empty. Strike one. 
Our server was equally slow and we had time to figure out our entire order before she even came to our table. Strike two. 
We ordered a pina colada which was decent (too sweet for my taste but drinkable) and an awful tasting cajun iced tea that pretty much tasted like robitussin and was promptly sent back. 
We ordered a lomo saltado and a market salad. The lomo was Ok, nothing special, the salad was miserable and small for the price. The salad came with a strange dressing that can best be described as citrus 'n chalk. Strike 3.
Now onto strike 4. We came to this place because we walked by and heard this great big brass band playing and they sounded awesome. 
Unfortunately for us they were wrapping up and 30 minutes later (before we had even placed our order) the stage was stormed by what I believe a chihuahua would sound like if it became human just yesterday and started to sing. I felt bad for the poor girl. She had signed up to sing unintelligible songs to an empty room for 3 hours! Ouch. Strike 7 or something. 
At least it was fun, 45 minutes into her set we stopped feeling sorry and had a good laugh from trying to decipher her chihuahua speak. 
Strike 8: thanks to the small portions and our impaired decision making, we decided to inflict more food upon ourselves. We ordered the mejillones and a laughably small portion of rice and beans which should actually be called undercooked rice with a fuckload of cumin because that's what you really get. The mejillones were cooked in what has to be spicy pig's blood or something similar. Just awful.
Because somehow we didn't learn our lesson still, we ordered a chocolate cake for dessert which was remarkably similar to a little debbie chocolate cake if it was fresh off the microwave. oh well let's pour the milky rum shot that came with it and down the hatch it goes. Oh, it's still bad like that. Strike 14. 
The final blow came with our check; yikes! tourist trap prices! uh oh! To add insult to injury we saw that the awful drink we sent back was still on the check to which our server said "Oh yeah, I was gonna take that off for you before I ran the card". Sure you were girl, sure you were. 
So to recap, NO! Avoid this place! they will care for you about as much as GWBush cares about black people.Well there is a reason this place is dead on a Thursday night. Worst watered down Mojito ever with not a hint of alcohol. I would consider changing there name to something that they can actually make.Mojito's has stabilized after a year and a half of being open.  Locally-owwned & managed, it has stable, friendly staff & good drinks. And, it is CLEAN !
The patio bar is a neat place to cool off, catch some live jazz, and watch the tourists.  It is bicycle-friendly, "park" your bike way in back, near the restrooms.
We live here and frequently do "bar-hops" on weekends; both  on-foot or while biking.  We never miss Mojito's.
Try the calamari appetizer. 
RickLike a couple of nomadic Visigoths scouring the Balkans for conquest and settlement, my friend and I were also on a similar quest; a migration period that would eventually lead us from Uptown to a lively, late-night French Quarter establishment.  There, we would bask in our newfound good fortune with drinks, girls and the kind of victory dancing that would cause many to believe we, ourselves, brought on the Sack of Rome in 410.  The evening's theme: "Party Like It's The Fall of the Western Roman Empire!!"  Drop it like it's hot!
Our journey concluded with a siege launched on Mojitos Rum Bar & Grill.  Immediately, I made a crazed dash to the bar, ducking and dodging loitering bar patrons like a prize fighter.  My friend showed what a true sport he was, attempting his own approach to the bar from the left side and paying no heed to its many inconveniences, mainly its congested proximity to the restroom.  The barmaid delivered to us two mojitos, which were more watered down than the Eastern Coastline during the lashing of Hurricane Irene.  My friend and I sampled a variety of mojitos on this particular evening but alas, they fell shorter than Sarah Palin's serious bid for Vice President in the 2008 election.
We did not partake of Mojitos cuisine therefore, I cannot offer an opinion.  There were a great number of individuals seated in the adjacent dining room but the greater numbers were in the outside courtyard.  As I stood under the starry sky near the fountain, my keen senses detected a restlessness in the air; a nervous energy.  As my eyes panned the crowd, I noticed a chalk board on the wall behind a band that was preparing their instruments.  The main event was Fredy Omar.  Seemingly minutes later, Fredy and his musicians erupted into a Latin groove, which shot the bar patrons forward out of their seats as if ejected from a cannon!  The courtyard turned into a feeding frenzy of uninhibited male dancers, scanning the crowd for single ladies like a shark picking up the scent of blood in the water.  Rolling, spinning and bouncing off determined dancers like Barry Sanders on a punt return, I threw down my anchor at the bar and proceeded to people-watch.
The bulk of my review lies with what I witnessed before me: The male bar patrons were scary, indeed!  Absolutely nothing deterred them, not even the word "no", which was typically followed up with a few choice expletives from the girls.  Beside me, a couple of men were discussing a table nearby that featured an all-girls group.  They had made up their mind that the table was quite obviously comprised of lesbians and plotted a strategy to convert them to "the other side".  These guys had the sexual politics of a Viking attack!  Everything about them that night was pure sex!  They must have been part rabbit.  I wonder if I should have rubbed their feet for good luck?
Later in the evening, a drunk female insisted that I dance with her, literally prying my hands from the bar counter and dragging me to the courtyard.  What really disturbed me was not her disgraceful movements on the dance floor but her desire to continue dancing long after the music ceased.  I wish I had a shepherd's crook to whisk her off like the Loony Toons of old.  Throughout the course of our evening, the woman continued to paw at me, despite my aggressive attempts to steer her into a willing nearby male.  Why me??  I began to doubt that even if I engaged her as captain of a steam-propelled ironclad warship, equipped with Constantine's own heralded "Greek fire", that I still might not escape her evil clutches!  Luckily, a man nearby took interest and they proceeded to grind upon one another near the tables until she suddenly pushed him away, yelling "I need space!"  If I was that guy, I'd take outer space!
The music was terrific and I commend Omar and his musical entourage for that saving grace.  Parking is a pain and the drinks are much, much less than stellar.  Come to dance and move on.I loved how they had the courtyard misted on a hot day but the menu was generic and over priced and the drinks were not that great. The food wasn't terrible just not worth the price they had on their menu. Service was nice but hard to tackle the server at the end to get our check so we could go get a real drink.This was the best place in New Orleans!!! Great service great music and a beautiful atmosphere!!!! I would come back just to go to this place!!!One extra star for atmosphere. Come here for the atmosphere and to drink only. Don't even get an appetizer. The entree's were horrible too. Bland, not very creative, and beyond the sides nothing tastes flavorful at all.
Atmosphere is nice. Service SUCKS.Came here for brunch on Saturday and it was excellent!  They have a lovely courtyard and a band for Jazz Brunch.  I got the chicken and waffles and the biscuits and gravy, both were awesome!  I am so glad we passed up the tourist packed French Quarter spots and gave Mojitos Rum Bar a try!Sought refuge from the rain and spent an afternoon on their patio.  A lovely live singer braved electrocution to keep us entertained, so credit to the dedication of the staff.  Very sweet service and yummy poboys.  It's a little cheesy, but we had a great time.A group of coworkers and I dined here the friday before Halloween. I loved how most of the staff was dressed up for this festive occasion costumes ranged from male hulu dancers to female elvis.
Food was good i really enjoyed my jerk chicken pasta.  I would even say that it was better than some pastas that ive had at Italian restaurants. For $25  you can get a might tasty ribeye with chimichurri sauce. Do not order the black paella. The ooey gooey cake with caramel was a big hit at our table.
i would recommend this place to others!I am not a touchy-feely-aura-voodoo-new age type person despite being from California or having Louisiana lineage.  However, this place had a bad vibe.  
The hostess was nice. She sat me, my friend and her dog on the patio. About 5 minutes later she apologizes for the waiter not having approached us yet and stated she would remind him.  Another 10 minutes passed and our waiter charged the table chastising us for having sat ourselves.  I explained that the hostess had sat us.  At that point we should have left.  We still didn't have menus, nor did the table next to us who had been there before we arrived.
The band was fine.  The decor was nifty. The patio was lovely, even at night.
Our server's attitude did not improve, nor did the frequency of his visits to any of the tables.  Parts of our order were missing or incorrect or far from tasty.  My pal had a Mojito assuming it would be fabulous given the name of the establishment.  In fact, that was the only thing that was NOT tasty.  The rest of the meal was tasty enough for her to return the next evening.  She informed me that despite a different wait she had bad vibes and a not so nifty experience but I'll let her review it.
I do not see myself returning here on my next visit.
To quote a wise lolcat, "do not want."Leave now! Service wasn't good, drinks weren't good, they delivered the wrong food, & when we notified the management/owner he didn't care. He said, "Sometimes people fall through the cracks." And did nothing to remedy the situation or improve our experience. My friend and I who are servers at another restaurant in New Orleans were so surprised that our experience had been so bad. We almost didn't say anything but it just got worse.We went there for the first time since it was Tomitillos.  Service was great.  Great music.  the Shrimp  Ya-Ya was very yummy.Great live music! Tasty and strong beverages!Great Place for outdoor Live Music (Band was great), Mojito was very good, and service was great. Unfortunately, Food was very bad.  This is not by any stretch Cuban food. The Cuban sandwich was not hot, and bread was old & crusty. Fries were cold, and Black Beans w/rice side was not Cuban at all. Bottomline, until they get someone who can cook in the kitchen - come here for drinks only and you will enjoy.Looking for a place to eat in New Orleans can be overwhelming.  Tonight we were looking for a place that had music.  We decided upon Mojito's, and what a pleasant surprise.  We sat out on the courtyard, listening to some great live jazz music, and the food was really better than I had anticipated.  I might add that we brought 3 kids and Michael took real good care of us.  The Frenchman Mojito was excellent.There is a poem by Charles Hoffman that states,
SPARKLING and bright in liquid light
Does the wine our goblets gleam in,
With hue as red as rosy bed
Which a bee would choose to dream in.
===============================================
It has been a while since I have had the food.  (pre-yelpness)  However it is the place I frequent after dancing late nights at The Spotted Cat!  Once the tourists start piling in and we need air and a beverage; we meander down to Mojitos.  They always have bands playing.  First there was a Lounge Jazz singer and after her was a brass band.  The bar staff is always quick, appropriately conversational, and deserving of tipping.  The outside patio space is wonderful: water fountain, plenty of seating, and a bar.So my friend used to play here. Then the city noise ordinance stopped that. So a place I would rank 4 stars now doesn't have live entertainment and now goes down to 2 stars.
Why is it just 2 stars, well the drinks are expensive, bartenders lack any personality, and there is nothing really great about it at all.
The outdoor seating is nice.... That is about it.I was disappointed with my selections at this restaurant. I ordered the honeydew mojito, expecting it to be bursting with summer flavor, but the melon was not detectable. I could see muddled honeydew in the glass, but it was flavorless and tasted like a plain mojito. It wasn't bad for a plain mojito; it just wasn't a honeydew mojito. For my meal, I ordered two small plates. I expected these to be a shareable size. I got the jerk chicken and the vegetable plate. The chicken had a nice flavor, however there were only four small skewers. For the price, I expected twice as many. The vegetable of the day was zucchini. It was sliced very thin and over seasoned. Again the portion was pitifully small - there was probably a quarter of a zucchini on the plate. Needless to say, I was still hungry at the end of the meal, but didn't want to spend any more than I already had just to get a few more bites. Other people I went with enjoyed their food more. The grits were a winner. I was left disappointed and hungry.My wife and I had drinks for Labor Day here at Mojitos and we had a really great time. As a bartender, I've made mojitos before but these folks REALLY know what makes a mojito a fantastic anytime drink. My wife had a Strawberry Mojito while I had their NOMo (New Orleans Mojito). Both were made with New Orleans Rum which I always thought wasn't an especially great rum, but in this case, it turns out I was wrong. Our bartender was especially courteous and friendly and made our night that much more memorable. The only thing I will say is that the drinks were a bit on the pricey side. But other than that, we had a great time and will definitely be coming back!Picture this: idyllic, tropical courtyard filled with palms, multicolored fairy lights, and a fountain, with a bar to the side where the 'tenders are slinging rum drinks and music pouring out from the interior of the restaurant. Are you with me here? Yes.
And please, this is how you need to enter, through that courtyard on Frenchman, rather than through the restaurant itself, which is much more modest, bare bones, even, and is where you'll often find a variety of bands playing (last night, Thursday, was a Blues jam). It's just not much to look at when you consider the outside and if outside was not available, I'd be hard pressed to stay. First impressions are everything, as they say, and luckily mine was of the environs.
Although I can't speak for the food, I can speak for the drinks (you know me by now, right?) They have a fair selection of three red wines, one of which was organic but two of which were Cabernets and I avoid Cabs like the plague. I settled for a decent Shiraz, but really, this scene is just begging for rum drink sippin', so I can't fault them for their wine selection. The mojito list is impressive and Old New Orleans Rum is an option (and I highly recommend over that Cruzan stuff). There are plenty of fruits to add in to your drink, too. Blueberry, anyone? The bartenders are swift, friendly and because the bar is called Mojitos, you know they won't roll their eyes at you for ordering one.
I'm such a sucker for ambiance, that I will gladly return just for a drink in the courtyard. They'd even get me drinking rum and that's a pretty rare thing.I had been to Mojitos during Mardi Gras, so my memory of the food, service, etc was a little "vague". We went for dinner last night because the weather was sitting-on-a-patio gorgeous & we were going to hit some bars nearby. We had no real expectations...and were really happy with our entire experience.
The live music was great. We loved the fact that we could have a conversation. We also loved the fact the musicians were talented enough to make us want to stop talking & listen at times.
Our server, Alexander, was fast and attentive. He knew when to check on us & when to let us relax...love that!
The food was really good. We shared the Alligator Bites, my fiance had the Cuban sandwich, & I had the Mojitos House salad...which I LOVED! Everything was fresh & tasty.
We will defintely be back to Mojitos again!I really liked this place. We stumbled upon it for drinks and appetizers, and we were pleasantly surprised by the great musical trio playing in the BEAUTIFUL courtyard/patio area. It really is a magical ambience at night and the service was excellent. Highly recommend trying this place. I know I will go back again when visiting the area.Update
We have dropped-by numerous times since my last note.  We live here and are very familiar with all of the places in the area, know the owners / staff, etc.
The owners here are always here and are extremely attentive, almost to a fault.  Bar & wait staff are stable.
Food is eclectic; adaptations of Island styles to local ingredients and tastes.  It has to be better to satisfy the many locals who are the backbone of business.
In this, or any other locally-owned establishment, speak up (politely) if there is a problem.  Your concerns will be addressed promptly.
The live music is typical of the area, with occasional Caribbean Bands.  Daytimes, it is typically local easy-listening jazz.  If you desire a "disco", this is not it.  Remember, you are about 100' from the French Quarter, not in LasVegas.  
The tropical theme patio is a cool & comfortable place to people-watch as the streetlife of the Quarter and Marigny flows by. 
Yes, try the "house mojito", but be careful, as I have watched them made; they are more than full-strength.  Try the "calamari" appetizer.  Ask your server's suggestions.
Mojito's is a clean, comfortable, honest, & welcoming retreat in a very convenient location.  A great "base" for on-foot expeditions into Marigny's music venues, the nearby French Market, RiverWalk, Museums, & French Quarter attractions.
RickThe happy hour was excellent. The house mojito was sub par.  But they had good happy hour food.  The outdoor seating area was beautiful and they had great live music.Met some friends for drinks here last Saturday and had a great time! They have a very nice outside patio with full bar. The bar tenders were quick to serve and really nice. I didn't  order any food so I can't comment too much but I did try a grit dish my friend ordered and it was very good. 
Would definitely go back again.Very nice ambiance. Nice wait staff. Shrimp ya ya, cuban castillo were excellent.Came here for the live music one night. The service was slow. We had ordered a bottle of white wine, a beer, and two mixed drinks. The waiter brought out the beer and glasses for the wine (mismatched). We asked about getting another glass that matched the other one and he said he'd go look for another one. He finally found another white wine glass, but then brought out an already opened bottle of wine. We pointed that out to him and then had to go back for a full bottle. In the mean time the mixed drinks were taking their sweet time getting to our table. They finally came to our table about 10-15 minutes later. I'm guessing it that it had to have been either a nre waiter or just an off night for the place. Other than that, the restaurant looked nice and was comfortable.
Came on another night and service was more attentive, but so busy because of the live music. Enjoyed the drinks and the latin jazz music on that second evening.Nice patio and music but the food is not all that me and friend had some kind shrimp and grits and other entree with shrimp but it wasn't fresh ,the heads were all black and dry  really disappointment .Sadly, I must downgrade my prior enthusiastic evaluations of Mojito's Rum Bar & Grill.
Stopped-in Saturday, mid-afternoon, for a respite from our weekly bicycle tour of the area, as usual.  
WHAT, you have no Coors Light ?  You say you don't carry it now ?  
Barmaid, did Carla quit ordering MY Coors Light ?  What's that:  "Who's Carla?"  You must be really new here !
Twenty points-off penalty right there.  So, If I want a "cold-one", this favorite oasis is now off my list !
Hmmm. . . .   LSU pre-game party was in full-swing, live band and crowd.  We had to wait for bar seats.  
Carla & Bruce have worked so hard to make this great place a success; why diss over 1/4 of beer-drinkers ?  This may "work" with tourist one-timers; but your local regulars, like me, surely don't like it !
Please give me back my ice-cold "Silver Bullets"; cans or draft would be A-OK !
Sadly,
RickI really wanted to give this place a good review, but dang it wasn't living up to my expectations.  
Got there at 8:00 PM on a Saturday night, and didn't have to wait to eat - wonderful.  Just going to eat at the outdoor bar.  Ordered a black&gold mojito and a pulled pork sandwich.  As a restaurant with the Caribbean vibe going, I was hoping the sandwich would be awesome.  Also, spicy slaw sounded yum.  
The sandwich was cold when I got it, and the bun it was served on was probably a Wonder bread bun.  Un-impressive.  The pork tasted like it had been part of a meat sauce, like the pasta sauce my mother used to make as left overs.  Got some pork? Sure, lemme throw that in the Prego. Well, that's what this pork tasted like...yet it was still somehow dry.  And if you are going to taste tomato-ey instead of roasted or BBQ, why put mangos on top?  It was odd.  Not happy with it.  The slaw was normal, not spicey, not 'inventive' - boring.  French fries were skinnier and less crisy than McDonalds fries.   To be fair, my friends loved their shrimp & grits taster plates.  
For reals, this place was not what I expected. I was bummed out . My mojito was never cold enough and I don't know if they make their simple syrup correctly, because the sweetness wasn't there.  Come on! You are named Mojitos! I should be all like, WHOA, rockin' drank lady.  
Pros: Outdoor seating, live music.Nicest patio in the area. Great drinks that are well poured, if you know what I mean. We had one appetizer while here and it was delicious. Like 5 star restaurant delicious. They also had a talented guitarist playing in the courtyard that was just right for the time of day, not to loud but loud enough. Go and enjoy.Having been to many mojito bars in the South America, Miami & NYC metro area - this was a watered down version of the decent ones.
Here's the good: the decor is really cute, you can bring your dog in, they have a band playing and the Mojitos don't have too much mint, that way your not picking it out of your teeth the rest of the day.
The not so good: we ordered food and it was served on a tiny desert plate but cost a full meal's price. The band that plays there plays Jazz, yes I know it's New Orleans but this is a MOJITO bar! I would not return.Greeeeeaaat brunch. Greeeat drinks. The service was good also. Not very expensive. The atmosphere is also very nice.
Oh! and if you are not hungry, this place is good for going drinking and dancing.I went there for a Saturday brunch. Food looked amazing. However didn't taste good and took a long time to come out. The food was overcooked and under seasoned.  
They seem to have live music pretty often and when I walked by later in the evening it seemed to be a more exciting place. 
Not worth going to as the food just was not good and kinda pricy.Really nice patio, good happy hour menu. Service was a little slow but the Aruba Scallops were amazeballs.Made reservations for dinner Lundi Gras about two weeks prior and was not told they had a limited menu. Showed up and had small plates instead. Crab cakes and jerk beef skewers were our choices. The crab cakes were pretty good but they were served on a smear of what tasted like stale mayo. This kind of ruined it for me.  The jerk skewer meat was good as well and the smear of sauce underneath was a raspberry BBQ sauce which also was pretty good. Staff was nice but  then again we were pretty much the only people in the dining section.  Music was very enjoyable.  As another reviewer pointed out you would think they would make good mojitos but the one I ordered was BAD. The worse I ever had. A skinny glass halfway filled with whole mint leaves with the liquor on top. YECH,  With so many wonderful places in the Marigny to eat I would recommend you go somewhere else for dinner and just buy a couple of beers and listen to the music here.Terrasse tres sympa pour prendre un verre , manger un petit snack et ecouter de la musique, service agreableDISGUSTING food and bad service. 4 of us walked in around 10pm on cinco de mayo, and despite open tables, were not greeted or seated for about 10 minutes. There were only 3 employees circulating the floor; which you would think they would staff more heavily considering they are a latin restaurant in a trendy neighborhood during a Latin holiday- and it's a sizable dining area to begin with. They were only serving their small plates, half of which they were out of, and it took over 30 minutes for 4 appetizers to come out. They ran out of margaritas (no patron, no citronage/grand marnier)- at 10pm on cinco- I can forgive all of this, but the food was THE WORST. I have had better deviled eggs from my local grocery store's deli counter. They had a musty, stale taste and a "skin" on top as if they'd been sitting out for a while. The grits were the instant "just add water and microwave" kind, with only 6 (yes, we counted) small (51-60 size, yes baby I make my own groceries and I only buy that exact size to put into my gumbo); and some weren't deveined. I had to send the calamari back. I never send food back, I used to wait tables and I'm really lenient and sympathetic about minor flaws with my food. The calamari were a purplish-brown color and heavily crusted with course white grainy stuff (my guess would have been either those insta-grits or wheat germ). Incredibly shriveled and overcooked and inedibly chewy (the two of us brave enough to try it spat it out after chewing and chewing and chewing). I had to politely send it back; our waitress apologized and told me that the kitchen had ran out of flour and that I wasn't the first to send it back. Now, as a former waitress myself, I would have warned my tables that ordered the calamari of this huge issue and saved everybody (myself, my guest, and the fry chef) the trouble. And the pork picadillo plate was a fried corn tortilla spread with bland black beans, pork braised in a sweet enchilada sauce, and wayyyyyy to much salty salty cotija/queso fresco cheese. Once you scraped off the thick cap of cheese, it was edible but still had a slightly "canned" flavor to it. I will never go back and eat there, it was the most disgraceful food I've ever had in my 25 years of living in New Orleans. I may, however, get a mojito from there and hang out on the patio and roll with the great live music.I wish I could give two reviews, one for Mojitos the restaurant and the other for Mojitos the Friday night salsa party! As the former, I have to admit that I like it but don't love it. The courtyard is beautiful, the food (especially the appetizers) is good, but the service has been incredibly uneven across the four or five times I've eaten there.
Salsa night at Mojitos, on the other hand, is one of my favorite things in the whole world! The atmosphere is just so much fun. The music is pretty varied and you can't really beat their drinks. The watermelon mojito is perfect, I will never dance with a beer in my hand again ;-).I stumbled upon Mojito's while walking home from bars on Frenchman street along on the Saturday night of my stay in New Orleans.  It was exactly what I'd been looking for!  Beautiful courtyard on a gorgeous spring night, friendly enthusiastic crowd, live music that felt like New Orleans (Frenchman Street was full of DJ's that night), and fun cocktails!  
I sat for about an hour and took it all in while drinking a Mr. Funk (which was delicious).  This place has the perfect vibe for a nice warm night.I couldn't be more happy that this gem at the top of Frenchman street has finally found it's mojo. The gorgeous courtyard now has live music nightly with an unpretentious atmosphere unlike most of the courtyard places in the FQ. A perfect place to sit and chill out with a cocktail. The menu is just as inviting and tasty. The shrimp ya ya and the breakfast ya ya are two of my favorites. The duck is also perfect and served with a side of mashed sweet potatoes and corn maque choux, my belly couldn't have been happier. (yes I like this place so much I've now eaten there several times).  The prices are well within reason as most other places at this price point will give you a nice large helping of the same old tired fried food, that frankly I think as locals we have all grown more than tired of. I'll be back to this place many more times and recommend it to my friends as well.The live music is ok but this is a tourist trap. The drinks are ok but expensive and the food is terrible. I had a cuban sandwich that Cuba would be ashamed of.Mojitos, on the corner of Esplanade & Frenchmen, between the old Ruby Red's & the Firehouse, across from the US Mint, is now open. 
Traditional, open dining, big ceiling fans, quiet decor, eclectic Caribbean-meets-South Louisiana menu:  Mojitos is an oasis of quiet in a very hectic neighborhood.
Indoor & outdoor patio bars, full cocktail menu, & favorite cold beers.
We "accidented into" the trial run on Saturday and went back on Sunday.
Large commercial parking lot on Elysian Fields side of the block.  This is a good spot to meet for forays into the French Quarter, French Market, or Marigny.
Expect 3 star rating to become 4 star when kinks are worked out.
Local owners & chef.  Great new place. 
Rick
New OrleansGreat atmosphere.  Good food.  Live music.  Friendly staff.I wasn't sure whether to give Mojito's 3 or 4 stars. I wanted to love it a lot more than I did, I guess and the service needs work.
The food is good. My favorite thing is what I had last time, the appetizer of scallops on a bed of grits. The grits were pretty amazing and I am a fool for grits. Nothing else truly knocked my socks off on the couple of visits I have made to this establishment but it has all been nice. I would kind of like to try their brunch. 
Service can be a bit of a problem here, hence deduction of stars.  I want to make it clear that the waitress on my last visit was good and actually quite sweet. The hostess, however...She seats us and my mother asks her for iced tea. She snaps, "I'm your hostess, not your waitress" at my mother. Not cool.  A proper response would have been, "I'll get a server for you," in a nice tone of voice. Another reviewer mentioned "bad vibes" and it is true that there is not a real happy vibe from the waitstaff.
Still, I give three stars for the patio, the location, and the food. Still, that hostess bothered me.I would go here to drink and listen to music, nothing else. The wait staff is not very attentive. The food is mediocre at best. I was served the smallest shrimp poboy I have ever been served in New Orleans and it was $10. Everything is high priced for what you actually get (in my opinion). It gets an added star for atmosphere. I've eaten here a few times just to be sure that I didn't just come on a bad night and the game is the same every time. Excellent mojitos if you don't mind forking out $8 a pop.My summer of Mojitos brought me to this place. Mojitos aren't bad but aren't great either. Bar staff doesn't seem to like to make the prep intensive drink. They could be more friendly Music was great and the mist is a nice touch for our hot summer nights.BAD Service, waited forever to get drinks, had to ask the server for silverware, had to ask for napkins, they forgot one of our drinks, could not split the check how we wanted, never saw server again after he finally delivered food.
Food was CRAP! There is no way the shrimp is fresh. It tasted like Long John Silvers! My Shrimp was all stuck together from where it was frozen before being fried. 
I am giving one star because the pineapple smash was tasty, but I would never come back here.Overview: Mojitos in the Marigny offers a verdant brick patio with a tinajon fountain, Cuban and Spanish tapas and a wide variety of live bands every night of the week. That ain't too shabby. They also have a couple dozen varieties of rum and mojito combinations. Hence the name "Mojitos," silly! 
Music: Saturdays there is a "Latin party" but not for dancing so much as for the solteros to check each other out and pick each other up: meat market, Latin style. Lots of flashing strobe lights, smoke and exposed tushy. :) If that is your thing, you might dig it, but if you want to cut a rug, go on Fridays and Saturdays, when there is a solid Salsa band, or as good as you gonna get in the Crescent City. Band leader's Cuban and a music professor at Tulane, so well qualified, right? A really nice guy actually. Would be even more wonderful if he would add a few new songs to the repertoire.
 Service: The table service ok, not great. Sometimes good, sometimes bad, but generally well-intentioned and pleasant. The owner is also a swell guy who really seems to appreciate your business. I feel like maybe he could crack the whip, but does not, too nice a guy, so kinda touch and go. Bartenders who have been there longer it seems are super cool and friendly. Actually this is a big point in their favor. Not sure if I have ever met nicer bar-tenders in a busy joint like this one. 
Food and price: The food is actually quite good. I am not sure if it is because of the Marigny or the free music, but all is a bit overpriced. They should lower prices or increase portions in my opinion. Could the overpriced drinks be the reason why them bartenders so happy?
Prepare your vestuario (wardrobe) for your visit:  It is half open air and half closed, but the door does not exactly close in a club, so if you go during the winter, it can get a bit chilly out back and in the summer, you guessed it: sweaty! But they do set out fans and those monster heaters, so there is some relief. 
The bathroom: There is a Haitian guy in there selling gum and cologne all night, and having very strange, very brief conversations with visiting gentlemen. Pretty old school! I cannot speak for the ladies' room because I do not have a vagina, so I have never set foot in there. What? I don't. 
Anyway and all in all, we like the place and are pretty glad it exists so we can go dance there when we get that natural urge to shake it. A great addition to NOLA and the Marigny. Mojitos, thanks for being you! :)Loved it, live music on esplanade, open and serving food past 11pm in a very lovely courtyard setting. And their tropical bread pudding is to die for. Staff was very friendly and nice, being there was a perfect end to a nice day in and about the french quarter. If visiting nola, must try their bread pudding~We went at night during the holidays and came up to Mojitos with a live band.  The waitress was nice and informative and I loved my  fruity Pinapple Rum Smash.  It was kind of like watching a family band go back and forth, but we were welcomed with open arms. We will return, especially for a brunch.If you like live music and are tired of standing in a sweat-pressed room full of drink- and cigarette-waving collegians this place can be your oasis.
The patio was great for live music - hearing it as we walked by pulled us in.  Great service and totally respectable and tasty food.
One of the owners checked in to make sure everything was good - haven't seen that much here - it's great to see the owners really care.
Heard a relatively new band, Charlie and the soulabilly swampboogie and this beautiful gal has a VOICE you shouldn't miss.  Tight band backing her up.  I hope they venture into originals some day.  In the meantime, they're layin down one of the best versions of Wang dang doodle you'll hear anywhere.  Charlie stopped to chat a bit on break she embodies the beautiful warm spirit of NOLA.
A great break from the typical bar/music setup!I was there Saturday during Red Dress Run and have no desire to go back. The female bartender who I think is named brook was so rude. I paid and tipped and waited 30 minutes to get two drinks. one of the drinks was just a bottled beer. When I got her attention and told her that I already paid she just yelled that everybody is waitting and then I saw her take an order from somebody who just walked up to the bar. finally got one of the other two bartenders who cant handle a crowd to make my drink and open the bottled beer. I have had better mojitos so no reason to go back.This place was really good.  Live music on the patio and great drinks.  It reminds me a lot of some of the South Florida bars.  The staff is very friendly and prices we reasonable.
I loved their small plate menu.  You could get a couple little things, hang out and listen to music, and have drinks.   My boyfriend and I split the fried alligator (presentation was adorable), shrimp and grits (delicious), and crawfish fritters.  For dessert we split a mango milk cake and each had a fresh strawberry mojito.  Very good and the mojito wasn't too minty.  
I'd come back again!I've taken up mojitos as my summer drink of choice, and had a chance to stop in here for a Friday night of music and mojitos.  Didn't try the food, the live band was decent, and the atmosphere was upbeat. 
The selling point of this place for me is definitely it's namesake, the Mojito. I usually feel bad enough ordering a mojito at a packed bar, on account of the effort, but I give good credit to the poor girl who was churning these things out like a pro.  Tried the blueberry, and it was excellent, and hope to taste more soon.Many restaurants have opened, struggled, and closed at this location. Will Mojitos be joining that list?
First, it's pricey. For me, spending good money on good food is a pleasure, but as several other reviews have pointed out, that's not what you get here. 
I won't comment much on my first two experiences - the restaurant had recently opened, and was having problems with staff and stocking the items on their menu (which is fine if the server points it out in advance, and annoying when you find something isn't available after you order it and wait ten minutes, and especially irksome when the same thing happens with your second-choice dish).
So I waited several weeks and returned, hoping to really like the place. After all, they have a wonderful courtyard, and a great location - summer's coming, and dining outside is so nice.
Unfortunately, I just cannot recommend the food. For breakfast, we had the Crawfish Omelet, which was overpowered by an unfortunate fishiness in the crawfish. Their basic breakfast (eggs, grits, sausage) was forgettable. For dinner, we've had the Macaroni and Cheese Pie: again, that strong fishy taste (from the lobster, ?) overpowered the rather bland cheese sauce. The Jerk Chicken Pasta - unmemorable. But most disappointing, the Shrimp Ya-Ya, which was a dish that made Mojito's predecessor worth a visit, was just ... well, gross, as my Louisiana-native diner partner put it.
I will give Mojitos 4 stars for one thing: the maque choux that came with the Mac & Cheese Pie was truly yummy - I abandoned the entree and finished the corn, wishing I'd had more.
Mojitos may very well make it. Their reviews from out-of-towners have been mostly positive, and the jazz music plus fantastic courtyard is sure to be a draw as summer descends. I just don't forsee their building a solid base of local regulars with this menu.I was with a small group who was wandering Frenchmen St looking for dinner. There were lots of jazz musicians playing in bars and on the street, but we wanted a place to sit, eat, talk, and enjoy the music. This place fit the bill perfectly. As we walked by, a duo accompanied a female vocalist singing a classic old tune on the edge of a leafy patio. We were sold. 
I enjoyed the crawfish pasta - very creamy, heavy, and filling.  My digestive tract had some issues the following morning and I didn't have any alcohol so I'm blaming the crawfish.  But I really liked it!  Friends had the jerk chicken and mojitos.  Quite tasty.  
The trio performed traditional jazz swing standards on a clear Friday night.  The joint got busier and more crowded as it got later.  Come early if you want food or a seat on the patio.  I would definitely return.Food seemed good, but was hard to enjoy when the place apparently doesn't have any heating inside. It was in the low 40s outside, and it seemed colder inside. I would stick with their rum drinks as they make the worst Old Fashions I've ever had. Overall food and service was good. Atmosphere was unpleasant, but I'm sure it is very nice during warmer weather. Live music was nice, but way too loud to be able to have any normal conversations without yelling.Yet another stumbled-upon treasure on our last trip to NOLA. Mojito's sits just off the main Frenchman Street drag, and I would never have known it existed if Joi hadn't suggested meeting there (we missed each other, dammit!). But we had a great time here anyway.
We arrived starving after being dissed at Cafe du Monde. Unfortunately Mojito's was short of staff that night, but a bartender came from behind the bar to take us to a table, apologized for the wait, and said someone would be right over. Sure enough, another bartender brought over menus and walked us through the Mojito list, including his own creation, the Frenchman. Now I never fell for the Pomegranate fad, but in this drink it was delicious! Perfect warm weather drink, I highly recommend it!
Food includes sandwiches, small plates and larger entrees. Shrimp ya ya is a small plate, but I could've eaten a truckload of it-shrimp and jalapeno cheese grits, basically food of the Gods. Lots of other things sounded good, too.
The patio is beautiful and shielded from the clamor of Frenchman Street by a tall hedge and the babble of a fountain. The first night we were there, there a really good blues band playing inside. That Frenchman Mojito was so good we went back the next night, and there was another good band playing on the patio. We only had one drink that night, but there was no pressure from the waitstaff. It's a great place to hang out, relax, and hear more good music.Compared to some other reviews, I actually had an ok experience. I do agree that the prices are pretty expensive, but what do you expect in the French Quarter? The wait-staff and owner were really nice and made some ok recommendations for us for food. I definitely had some better New Orleans food during my Mardi Gras stay, but I do recommend their soft shell crab po boy. YUM. Plus, you have your pick of outdoor and indoor.I feel in love with this place on my recent trip to New Orleans.  We discovered this place while walking to the french market in sweltering southern heat.  We found  a delightful table on the patio.  It was nice and shady, surrounded by a lush green garden, with misters going.  The service was friendly and fast, our cocktails were perfect and inexpensive, and the fried green tomatoes were just right.We have been here numerous times since opening and haven't had a bad experience yet.
The only problem is lack of parking, but, they will let one take a bike into the back of the patio by the restrooms.
I always inquire whether the item I am considering is LOUISIANA or Gulf of Mexico seafood from nearby; if not, I pass it up.  These guys will tell the truth, unlike many other FQ area eateries.
Between the nice partially-covered patio area and the ability to sit inside and watch the French Quarter across the street, this is a relaxing pit-stop with very, very good cocktails.
It is nice to see some locals eateries making a comebck in the tourist areas of town.
In ANY establishment, if you feel that you have been ignored or mistreated; ask for the manager or chef RIGHT THEN.  Most want to know and will correct the situation promptly.  
All of these places have problems with unwanted non-customer visitors who just want to hear the music or use the restrooms.  They certainly don't intend to insult locals or regulars.
RickAbsolutely lovely place to sit on a Sunday night in NOLA. We felt removed from the tourist crowd and enjoyed the atmosphere. The music kept our toes tapping and the drinks kept our heads throbbing well into Monday morning! 
Sadly no alligator bites available :-( We had the sliders instead... yum!I recently came during Southern Decadence. They had a drag show and BIg Freedia as the entertainment for the night. The drag show had a few highlights: Drag Queen Adele twerking. another actually sang their song. The rest were just lip synching. Because Big Freedia was going to be performing, we made sure to come early because we were afraid that it would get packed. It was busy when she showed up, but it wasn't as packed as we thought it would be. 
They charged us a $10 cover, but we were able to use it towards our bar tab. As always, be sure to check your check at the end, because we didn't, and they didn't credit us our cover charge. Oh well... lesson learned.6 of us were visiting last weekend from San Francisco, New York & Ft Lauderdale. We were without reservations on Saturday night, the places we knew were full at 8pm and we happened upon Mojitos on Frenchmen Street.  It has a wonderful courtyard, friendly staff, tasty small (and large)plates, a happening outside bar and, on this particular night, a 8 piece band with 4 horns, 2 guitars, a wild keyboardist and a great drummer.
The owners were present, everyone was attentive--Get In There!!The atmosphere here is great. Music is wonderful with some great jazz music. Try out their Sunday brunch, crowd is not crazy and atmosphere allows it to be a cozy place to start your day and also wind downPretty cool place for a mojito....shrimp and cheese grit where great but i recommend not eating it in the heat (95 and up) lol.   great service great musicI've been here several times and enjoyed it immensely. The small plates are to die for (the short ribs are killer) and the drinks are great too. LIve music and good service round this out as one of my favorite places to go downtown.A beautiful, laid back gem of a bar and grill off of Frenchman street that I'm sure I will visit again. We probably wouldn't have heard of this place unless Joi hadn't suggested it to us. 
Be sure to head out to the courtyard if there is seating available and weather permitting, it's absolutely beautiful. High brick walls keep the loud bustle of Frenchman street controlled, and soft lights and palm trees give it a relaxing atmosphere.
The staff is friendly and certainly capable, however the night we came, they were understaffed and quite busy. There was a little bit of a wait when we ordered cocktails and dinner, but I honestly didn't even notice because of the soulful sounds of their guest musicians that evening. 
I ordered The Frenchman mojito and was blown away. I'm not usually a mojito type of girl, but man. This one was delicious. A little heavier on the mint than I usually go for, but the pomegranate was refreshing and different. 
For dinner, I had the turkey club that came with their house fries. Perfectly portioned and seasoned, I ate every bite, and left myself a little room for dessert on the way back to our hotel. 
Our evening was relaxed and fun with great company and some inspired entertainment. The only thing that could have made it better would have been our finally being about to meet up with Joi!This place features a lovely patio always & live music for Sunday brunch. There were plenty of fans blowing so it remained comfortable on a warm day.
Their shrimp & grits (Ya-Ya breakfast) were VERY yummy, as was the NOLA Benedict (english muffin, fried green tomato, alligator sausage, poached egg topped with a crawfish creamy sauce). I think they forgot to deliver the biscuit that was supposed to come with the ya-ya, so I can't comment on that. And the Bloody Mary was just O.K.
A little pricy, but I would certainly go back again!What's in a name? This place sounds like a tourist joint you want to avoid. Something you might see on the Vegas strip that has a machine to mix their drinks. HOWEVER, the vittles are simply delightful. I had my first alligator bites, some lovely Aruba scallops, and a delicious and the largest duck drumstick I've ever seen. I also tasted the shrimp yaya and chevre plate. The Soul Project playing on the patio made my guitarist in CA weep with happiness and jealousy over the phone. The beer menu is underwhelming, but has something for everyone. Clean bathrooms. Excellent service.Two locals went on a Tuesday night to hear Jenna McSwain, fantastic jazz singer / pianist.  The music, weather and breeze were perfect.  Patio scene was great, not crowded, and with 2-4-1 Mojitos and excellent service by Alexander, the evening was a blast.  The chef visited each table and with both Alexander's and the chef's suggestions the food was excellent.   Suggest tasting several of the smaller portions. The warm asparagus salad, scallops, and calamari are a must try.  Did not get to experience the main room and bar with a small but impressive stage setup due to no main room music on an early week nite.  The music on the patio was just perfect as the tables began to fill with enthusiastic music listeners.