Incredible! Loved the breakfast and loved the atmosphere.
The carrot yogurt was absolutely amazing! Topped with carrot purée, carrot marmalade, blueberries and homemade granola. Loved it!
The coffee roll was so delicious and the collards were some of the best I've had anywhere.
Even the coffee was very tasty!Do you like eating food? If so, you're going to love this place! It's super delicious! 
¿Te gusta comer? Sí si, te vas a encantar a este lugar. ¡Es muy muy muy delicioso!We woke up and got "awesome" and headed on down to the Turkey and the Wolf team's new joint. It was delicious. Looks simple. Tastes amazing. The place is super fun to look at it. I felt at home with the leaf blowers in the bathroom. I miss you Grandpa. The Pea Toast was divine. We found God in that bread. Whipped feta. Toasted almonds. Fresh dill. Loads of crunchy bits and friendship. I loved the McMuffin homage too. Thanks for putting the ketchup on it for me, that made cry. Can't wait to come back!This is our new favorite breakfast spot in town!  The menu is unique and diverse but still provides the option to get traditional breakfast fare.  The McMuffin hit the spot.  The biscuit is an amazing homemade recipe with the perfect crisp outer edge and flaky layers.  The collard greens and grits was amazing - perfect blend of creamy and spicy.  Very fast and friendly service!  We will be back here often.Molly's is good. Got a sweet potate burrito this morning. Only thing I wasn't a fan of was the four inch stems on the rocket inside the burrito. GoodProbably the most I've ever spent on Breakfast in a neighborhood "joint."  Honestly, it wasn't all that and not worth $33.00.THIS SHIT IS THE JAM!!!! (See what I did there) everything is fantastic, staff is awesome, food is great. Orange juice lasted the whole meal! Haters gunna hate potatoes gunna po-tate GO EATthe food is great!!! I got the grand slam McMuffin and my boyfriend got the collard greens and grits-which was honestly amazing. You have to get the biscuits too when you go! The cashier was great!!! Definitely retro vibes. I'm only giving four stars because I have ate here and turkey and the wolf and have gotten sick from the food. So unfortunately I won't be back.Tested out this new place this morning (10ish am). Line wasn't to bad. Plenty of seating once I ordered, so off to a good start. I went with the Deviled Egg Tostada and the McMuffin. I was a bit apprehensive about the tostada at first, but damn it was good. The McMuffin was dang tasty also. I'll be going back to try the rest of the menu, and to get that tostada again!Y'all. THIS PLACE!!!!! I don't know how or why but it was the best place we stumbled into after exploring the neighboring mansions.  The minute we stepped into it, I was already sold over. The decor was a throw back in time (VHS, ET, bringing you back to 80-90's) toys and what nots with a modern flare.  Absolutely cute.  Not to mention the food! Wow. What a unique blend and burst of flavors. I love how the menu took typical southern American breakfast staple meals to a modern twist. The menu had notes of Mediterranean, American, and Spanish embedded into it. 
We ordered the whirled peas on toast (it was absolutely brilliant, dill with a blend of nuts over a thick layer of mushy peas on a cream cheese toast). Wow. I can't explain the taste- but it was uniquely delicious and something I wouldn't have thought to put together. Absolutely delish.  We also ordered the Scotty's collard greens and grits. Holy smokes this was amazing!! Your traditional grits and greens turned up to another level with a poached egg over top.  Not to mention the spice sauce over it- SO GOOD!!! Perfect combination. If you can't take too much heat, you can ask for the spice sauce on the side.  Lastly also ordered the roasted carrot yogurt. Again, not your typical yogurt parfait but even better. You would NEVER think to put carrot marmalade onto your morning parfait but it worked perfectly! So absolutely divine. 
You snooze if you don't come here for a meal!Solid food - don't sleep on the grits! - and glad to have them in the neighborhood. The prices are a little steep to compete as a daily breakfast joint, but nice for an occasional low-key plate to start the day.I have a weird obsession with this place. I've been three times, two of them being consecutive weekends. While the items are bizarre to say the least, they know what they're doing here. No matter how funky something sounds, it comes out elegant and disgustingly delicious.
I've had the sausage patty sandwich, the whirled peas, and the burrito. I've also tried the grits, one of their daily bakery specials, and their special orange juice. 
Booooomb. Gotta give it to the burrito and that pastry I had, those were memorable af. 
Just go. Just try it. Stop being boring, I promise you will like SOMETHING here. 
Oh yeah, thanks for the new hat, Molly's!Stayed in this neighborhood for a long weekend and discovered Molly's the first morning. We returned 2 more times. The baked goods, biscuits, grits and unusual egg dishes were a hit with the 4 in our group.My gf and I live in the Irish Channel, and have been big fans of Turkey and the Wolf for a couple years now. We were very excited to try out Molly's because we're big fans of "the most important meal of the day". In four weeks, we've been six times. Molly's has yet to disappoint. Between their perfect collards and grits (just to name a few of the menu highlights) to the fresh pastries, daily specials, and consistently great coffee (a critical measure of the worth of a breakfast place to my gf), Molly's does it up right. And the best part? It seems like their having a helluva lot of fun doing it. 
But don't take my word for it. Check it out for yourself. I recommend it. (Pro tip: looking for something a little more straightforward on your breakfast plate than chimichurri english peas on toast with whipped feta and herbs? Read the whole menu. But really: maybe "eggs and bacon and toast" isn't what they're doing, exactly. Maybe that's the point. Maybe it's something a little more special.)Food was fantastic! Service was fast and friendly! I loved the sweet potato burrito and the deviled egg tostada! You have to try it!Must - go - NOW!
If you're a fan of Turkey and the Wolf, you'll def love this place too! From the 90's decor to the food, they really put some love in everything! We Walking in on a Sunday afternoon, there was a bit of crowd but no wait. We only ordered a few things from the menu. 
Deviled Egg Tostada - 6.5
I loved the idea of using the deviled egg filling as the spread! It really gave a creamy texture against the crispy tostada. Ah, this had to be my absolute favorite here! 
Scotty's Collard Greens & Grits - 12.5 
This is the same collard greens I fell in love with at the Turkey and the Wolf! Braised to hell and back and still one of my favorites. I'm not the biggest fan of peanuts but they worked so well in this dish. There were bits of sate (spicy chili) which I absolutely loved so watch out for some heat! Only.. one.. comment.. why soo many raw onions? 
So what else? 
* It's BYOB so don't forget the booze
* Open 8am-3pm and closed on Tuesday
That's it
I can't wait to come back to try their other menu items! Grab a friend and try them out!Oh look I went to the new hotness over the holiday and treated myself to a ridiculously large breakfast. Really all I wanted was a biscuit and some eggs... I wonder if I could have ordered that. Instead as I waited in the long line (which moved quickly), I ended up ordering the egg and 3. Two eggs poached (my choice) with a biscuit, grits and collard greens. Plus an OJ and pastry (orange brioche). Everything was super tasty.
The biscuit was not a southern style biscuit but it was delicious. It was almost like a layered pastry and it came with tasty jam and butter. The grits were great and nice and creamy. My eggs were perfectly cooked. The greens were... just not my jam. I love greens. These were cooked down with pepper jelly so they were a tiny bit sweet and I wasn't digging the texture. Not sorry I tried them but I don't think I'll order them again. The OJ was small but fresh squeezed. 
The brioche which I brought home was AMAZING. I am pushover for pastry and this was buttery and not too sweet. YUM!
I like the redesign of the space. And there are a lot of fun touches (like the salt & pepper shakers clued to matchbox cars). There were beaucoup tourists there on the Saturday before Christmas so they were confused by parking and the queue, etc. I would like my little bubble of space to not be invaded, please.
Definitely a fun spot to take in breakfast/lunch.Expensive. We had a coffee, side of grits, hot tea, oj (small) and a biscuit--so 3 drinks, small grits and a biscuit = $20. Biscuit had a weird after taste. Grits were good. Coffee was good. Tea was just a regular bagged tea. I can't imagine how much it would cost to eat a full breakfast. 
Decor is overwhelming (to me). Lots of toys from the 80s and 90s. Made my heart seize........reminded me of my mom yelling at me to clean my room. 
So, if you have money to burn, I bet it's a delicious.Owned by the same people as Turkey and the Wolf, but isn't overhyped. Delicious breakfast food and byobHit-or-miss.
HITS:
Whirled peas on toast (yes. Get this! Surprisingly filling and actually interesting for fancy toast)
Collards and grits (you had collards and grits elsewhere but you haven't had this one here, so good with these spices and the peanuts!)
MISSES:
Bagel bites (the whole was not better than the sum of its parts)
Panzanella salad special (sooo tragically oily and overdressed)
Grand slam McMuffin (none of this was my jam)
FYI the deviled egg tostada is pretty small, and I didn't taste it. Wish I would have gotten the roasted carrot yogurt instead of the v disappointing panzanella.
Order at the counter, take your trophy/number to a table, marvel at all the kitschy stuff EVERYWHERE, get your food delivered to your table, refill your coffees/drinks upstairs at the bar. No wait and tons of open tables for brunch on a weekday!SCAM-
The one thing you would think they have in a sweet potato burrito is sweet potato. You get 3 sweet potato waffle fries. The bagel bites is only 1 bagel. 
But the worst was they added a 20% tip without you knowing it. I paid my bill with a card but didn't add the tip because they have a tip bucket. 2 days later I checked my statement and 6 plus dollars was added. Why would you give 20% when you have seat yourself, get your own silverware and get your own drinks plus refills. Never again.Best breakfast food. We're from Boston and we were looking for a good breakfast spot that's the right mix of local food, low key, and filling in the right way. The sweet potato burrito was to die for and the whipped pea toast was delicious and refreshing. Everything had a great balance of rich cheese flavor and spice with some acidic pickle or citrus that was refreshing. If you have one meal to have around here go here.Lovely surprise! I've lived walking distance to this place for three months and just had a chance to try it out. From the outside it was giving me all the old country store vibes but the inside serves up a serious 80s baby/90s kid dreamland! I ordered the "Have it Y'all's Way" with scrambled eggs, and sides of smoked salmon, cheese grits, and collard greens. So here's the low down:
Scrambled eggs: well prepared, no complaints!
Smoked salmon: is this ever wrong? Loved pairing this with my eggs...yum!
Grits: the flavor of these was awesome! The individual grains were a bit more present in the texture than I usually prefer but they were still creamy. Because of the texture I would say these weren't the best but definitely not the worst (I am a harsh critic when it comes to grits). I will also reiterate, the flavor was really good!
Collard greens: these were a little surprise! Usually I am not a fan of sweetening savory foods, however, whatever they use in their greens to give them that slightly sweet edge definitely works! They were delicious!
Overall, this was a really good experience! I will be recommending this to my parents who are coming to town in a few weeks.Loved it. Little things that mattered to me as to why I scored it five stars. You walk in and order at the counter and pay. So no waiting on someone to get your card, then waiting to get it back. You can leave whenever you want since you've already paid. Wish other places would do this. The food is fast. Totally has a diner feel as well. I tried their bacon, grits and the grand slam McMuffin -- all good. The grits were spectacular. They opened the windows up since it was a nice day which made the ambiance even cooler. The mural painting on the wall is a sight to see. They have plenty of options on the menu. If you just want some eggs, grits and bacon then go for it. Someone next to me had exactly that and it looked very good. Good for groups, or if you're flying solo. Out of 10? I'd give it a 8.7. Very good score.I've been visiting NOLA for many years now and eatten many good breakfasts. I have to say that the Collard Greens and Grits are the best thing I've eaten! The grits are extra creamy and the collards are spicy. Peanuts add a fun texture. Great job Molly's. Highly recommended.We came here for breakfast and I loved all the nostalgia I felt looking around! My group each ordered something different but my personal favorite was the roasted carrot yogurt. Don't underestimate this dish!!!Good place for breakfast but some dishes are a miss. The best was definitely the greens and grits topped with poached eggs. Absolutely decadent and filling by itself. The deviled eggs tostada was interesting but not sure would order again. Definitely more of a snack than a meal. The labneh and zaatar bread felt like a miss. They had great Seltzer options.
Overall definitely a place to go if you want to be in and out really quickly. Food comes out in minutes.Tiny Food For Tiny People. The food is really good, but the portions are Very Small, you will pay dearly for it while feeling the chill of staff that doesn't give a flying f*ck about you.
One thing exceptional about Molly's Rise & Shine that stood out, was that Everything was perfectly seasoned. This is very rare these days and I appreciate an establishment that can teach their staff to properly season their food. 
With that said, we got the Grand Slam McMuffin (hold the ketchup) and the 3/2 Breakfast from the a'la cart menu. The Grand Slam McMuffin was really good, but Very Tiny but overall it was real disappointment when you realize that its totally not worth the 'after tax & tip' price of $12. I would have felt better about the price if it were offered with a side. 
The 3/2 breakfast was rudely dropped in front of me, as if the person who delivered it had no respect for me or this dish. In fact, I found that most of the staff was not very friendly at all. There was not one smile in the place. Just a gloomy attitude all around.  
The scrambled eggs were some of the best that I have ever had since watching a demo from a Certified Master Chef while in Culinary School. Perfectly seasoned, perfectly textured, perfect, perfect, perfect! The Biscuit was good, but already many hours old. The melted butter and flavorless jam were annoyingly served together, side by side in a single ramekin. The bacon was awesome... perfectly crisp and the grits were also perfectly cooked and expertly seasoned. However, the grits were super-creamy as if they were finished with cream cheese, if so, it is sh*tty of them for not listing them as 'Cream Cheese Grits' on the menu. I can tolerate a little dairy, as most grits have some milk, but whatever was in these, tore me up later.
Also, I am not very happy to see that Moly's Rise and Shine has a 56/100 Health Score. THATS F*CKING HORRIBLE!I would give it 5 stars--the grits, eggs, greens, peanut salad with salsa was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. But my husband's sausage muffin was equally atrocious (he said he could have made it better or gotten something equal at McDonalds). So if you go here, go for the adventurous food, and you won't be disappointed. Kitschy decor is not my taste, but probably fun for some.This place is worth the trek, and the money--which isn't much. Amazing food and light-hearted atmosphere. So special. Grits and brilliant. Whirled peas on toast is a taste sensation.This place is a fantastic new addition to Magazine street! They have a pretty decent menu with a lot of vegetarian options, or dishes that can easily accommodate vegetarians (vegans not so much). I had a Roasted Carrot Yogurt, which sounds like it shouldn't work, but it really does! Suffice it to say, I was impressed with the options, so if you want to have a different brunch experience, this is a good place! Additionally, there is a lot of seating and the staff is really helpful and nice. The space has a lot of charm!This is one of my favorite on the go spots for breakfast. I only eat seafood and the majority of the menu caters to hearty meat lovers but the "GRITS AND COLLARD GREENS" soothes my soul with the flavor pairings and portion size.
The fun aesthetic inside the restaurant zaps you back into yhe 80s with a cool retro Saturday morning cartoon vibe.Never disappoints. I've really enjoyed everything I've tried here, and it seems to get better with every visit. Their roasted carrot and yogurt is awesome, their pastries are awesome, their labneh salad is awesome. Very fast service for high quality food. Also kid friendly!I'm sorry guys, I know I'm in the minority here, but this just wasn't a great fit for me -- but in case you identify with my previous reviews, please read!
We got the Grand Slam McMuffin, Colleen's Bagel Bite Tray, their homemade poptart, and coffee. The McMuffin and homemade poptart were good. The bagel bite tray featured a delicious cream cheese but unfortunately, it was laden with fennel seeds - it felt like someone dropped the entire shaker of fennel seeds because it was so overwhelming (and I'm Indian, so I can tolerate a good bit of fennel). 
The ambiance is nice. I like that they kindly enforce the order before you hold a table rule; this helps the table turnover rate. Overall, a little pricey for what was delivered but definitely gotta check it out since it tops a lot of restaurant lists!Molly's has such unique flavor combinations. When I went, I ordered Scotty's Collard Greens and Grits. It comes with collard greens, spicy salsa macha, two poached eggs, roasted peanuts, onions and cilantro, and lime. Honestly, the peanuts caught me off guard, and I wasn't a huge fan of its flavor with everything else. 
10/10 for creativity but 7/10 for taste. However, once I scraped off most of the peanuts, the taste improved substantially and surpassed a 7/10!Most delicious biscuits I've ever had! Can't wait to come back and try all the things on the menu. Very friendly waitstaff and great decor!Love the look and feel of this place. The McMuffin and Tostada were delicious, but the smashed peas on toast, while tasty, had some flavor in the cheese spread that didn't seem to match (almost like American cheese which didn't match the peas, smoked salmon, or herbs), and that's the only reason I'm not giving it five stars. Overall I love places like this for their Inventive flavor combos and unpretentious attitude. We will be back to try more of the dishes, maybe just check yo cheese ( or maybe I have bad taste IDK)-either way try this place before it gets super famous.Not bad, not great. I little bit on the "trying to hard to be hip" side. I come down to visit my friend a lot and I gotta say, I really miss the Magazine Po Boy shop that used to be here. I miss just having a real breakfast spot in NOLA that's maybe not the most unique but I don't need all the throw back in time/ matchbox car stuff. Just gimme a couple eggs, grits etc....There's no service either you get your own coffee and silverware.We visited Molly's café this morning looking for some grits and some breakfast. They have a really cool vibe going with a bunch of re-purposed items reminiscent of my elementary school cafeteria 1985. the food was much better than school cafeteria! Very nostalgic and fun! I love the service wear so we don't have to use single use plastic and they were happy to fill my re-useable mug  Fair price and friendly service.First off - The greens & grits dish was out of this world so good. Fun atmosphere. We liked that we ordered at the counter and then sat down - they get people in and out fast. And we didn't wait long for the food either. The breakfast sandwich is delicious but could use something on the side (not super filling).  My wife got the greens & grits dish and that was the hit for sure. We will be back.You would think there is a ceiling on how good a sausage breakfast sandwich on an English muffin can be.
You would be wrongedGreat food. Small cups. I really loved my meal at Molly's this morning, however, all the delicious hot sauces they provide left my mouth on fire! There is a water-cooler, but the cups are so tiny, I spent half my meal running back and forth to REFILL. Loved my sweet potato burrito, and the whipped pea toast has me dreaming! I will be back for sure, but will be bringing my own cup I guess.Bacon was on point. Very good. Cooked perfectly. Grits were good. Like real grits. The greens were way to sweet for my taste but I see how others may like them. Good biscuits.  Cute place. Not a chain. I like not chains.As many times as I've been to NO, haven't needed to have breakfast in quite a while. We came for Hamilton and stayed at a lovely B&B on Magazine. The breakfast offerings were fine, but not so much if GF. We walked to the corner to Molly's. While they don't have GF bread, they do have items GF folks can eat. The grits and greens were fantastic!  I brought hot sauce to the table, but didn't need it. The dish was perfectly spiced. The eggs were poached beautifully and the grits were really creamy. The peanuts were a great complement.. Hubby had the grand slam mcmuffin. The sage sausage in it was quite tasty. If you like strong, smooth coffee you won't be disappointed. The vibe is terrific: Bright and  cheerful with displays of old-school games, toys, food. Really clean too. Would definitely come back.This was my first visit to Molly's and i was pleasantly surprised. The concept is definitely unique with the old school décor (60s, 70s, 80s themed items throughout the entire restaurant)...fun and upbeat. The menu offers a number of made from scratch items that you would not find for breakfast (homemade pop tarts!!!). Anyway, i ordered the sausage and hash brown muffin with coffee and enjoyed it, fresh and hot. The staff are very friendly, the overall atmosphere is upbeat....You do need to order your food at the counter, they will then give you (a trophy with a number on it) to identify you when it is delivered...Check out the bathroom's hand dryer when you visit, you need to see it...Overall 5 stars and i plan to make this my weekly breakfast joint.As I'm sure most people can relate, we stumbled across Molly's on a hungover Lundi Gras morning breakfast search. 
The ambiance and decor is charming and a bit nostalgic. Their toy car salt and pepper shakers will give anyone a smile. We also thoroughly enjoyed the friendliness of the staff, as well as the service. 
The overwhelming drawback to this place is the price to portion ratio. To be blunt, it's not good. Their effort to focus on the uniqueness of "craft breakfast" designs has left them slacking in portions and variety. 
While the sweet potato burrito I had was tasty, it was still a $12 a la carte meal. It included no side, nor did the burrito have any type of protein. Objectively speaking, sweet potato fries, cream cheese and a few vegetables stuffed into a wrap is hardly a dish that should lie along with the higher priced menu items.Never in a million years did I think that this would be my thing.
First off: the Lunch Box cocktail combo. We brought our vodka & they served up a variety of concoctions to accompany. There was an earl grey, OJ & celery concentrate. Although I was hesitant at $15, holy cow, were all of them PERFECTION!!!! We got about 8 strong drinks out of the mixers. The way I figure it, 8 x $10, we made out like bandits.
My man got the McMuffin which he loved. The collard Greens were awesome!! 
I got the Dan Stein breakfast. Everything I love about an Italian hoagie & a breakfast bagel in one. The cream cheese was spicy & flavorful & bagel crispy & delicious.
The decor was nostalgic & it even got my conservative boyfriend out of his zone & as a "a bathroom grader" he says A+... "& the lemons soap is amazing!" I'm a fan.This place was a great surprise. We tried to go to a place first that had over an hour wait so kept on walking. Not having any plan we came across Molly's and were so hungry we decided to just let this be the winner. 
It looks unassuming from outside but inside it is filled with 80's and 90's memorabilia and a giant psychedelic mural. You order at the counter and they'll bring your food out. There are tables in the main area or benches and tables up a little step in the back area of the restaurant. Bathrooms are also back that way and were clean and trendy. 
The food was great. I had a breakfast burrito that was able to be made vegan. Others in our party had the grits and loved them. 
If you are in the area and not wanting to wait super long for your meal, I highly recommend this place! Staff was very nice$35 for a small bowl of gluten-free sompthn' and a "McMuffin" with a wimpy burger patty and hash brown patty? 'Corse there were the two fancy lemonades'. But, WEAK-SAUCE pretty much sums the place up for me. It was the Yelp reviews that got us there in the first place, who writes those? 'People were nice though.My mouth is still watering when I describe to people the things I ate at Molly's, it was that good. I came for a Saturday breakfast, we went on the early side because we knew it could get quite busy. Order at the counter, collect your silverware and a cup of water, and then go find some place to sit with your trophy/number. The food came out quickly and together. I had ordered the sweet potato burrito and I loved all the flavors and thought it was a rather large serving. 
The ambiance is very trendy in its old school way, makes you feel happy. 
By the time we were done eating, maybe 10:30/11 the line was out the door, so I would recommend getting there early.Honestly, HUGE fan of both Molly's and turkey and the wolf. But staying on subject, Molly's brings a refreshing new concept to the Irish channel/garden district area. It is a great vibe for both young groups, families, a solo coffee trip, or whatever the occasion may be. They bleed nostalgia and one of the last times I was over there with my friends young child, they gave her an old happy meal toy which kept her entertained the whole meal. 
If you're not the biggest fan of modern approaches to traditional or eclectic meals, the standard breakfast and pastries are fantastic and IMO one of the best ways to attack the menu. 
I'm not one to write reviews but they get a lot of crap and are doing something pretty spectacular. I really hope they get their liquor license and will stay in the neighborhood long-term.So unique! The food here is like I've never had ANYWHERE. We actually went here after finding a 2 hour wait at Atchafalaya. They have a lot of non-traditional breakfast foods. I got the Whirled Peas on Toast. It was amazing! Way too much dill but I pushed some off and it was so so so good! A friend got the tostada which she said was delicious but it was just one tiny tostada, not big enough for a meal. The coffee was good and we left very happy. 
The staff was also very friendly. I'd love to visit again.If you'd like a unique breakfast experience come to Molly's. Food is great and novel. Service is excellent. Ambiance is unique just like their food. Whirred Peas on Toast, Deviled Egg Tostada, Roasted Carrot Yogurt, Grits with Collard Greens and a Poached Egg are examples. My first time here..sure to return.Perfect place to start your day. We liked it. Possibly too cute, if that is possible. We will be back and bring our friends. Good and fresh pecan maple scone and monkey bread. Gentrified prices.....fyi.My LOVE of mother restaurant "Turkey and the Wolf" drew me to "Molly's Rise and Shine" but it didn't shine in my eyes. We spent over $30 for 2 regular coffees ($3 each) and a small McMuffin and a bagel plate. It was good but not over $30 good. I feel there is better value from Surrey's or Cake Cafe. The kitschy grandma's 60s decor was fun and seemed to appeal to a youngish crowd. I wanted to love it. Oh well, skip breakfast and head on over to Turkey and the Wolf for a fried bologna sandwich. Your $30 isn't wasted there!Way, way too salty. Small portions. Overpriced. Gimmicky. It's a cute idea. The service was good.Was really excited to try this little diner so close to lovely shops on magazine. Decor was fun and interesting and the staff was very friendly! The menu had vegetarian options. I ordered the bagel with tomato cream cheese and basil and it was absolutely delicious. Also sampled the grits and biscuit from my friend. Food got to us very quickly as well! Will be coming back!I had the sweet potato burrito and it was good, but there was too much cream cheese/pickles on it and it was a small portion for $11. I like the hipster vibe, but I don't see this as a go to spot for breakfast. There are too many good places on Magazine that give you better quality food at the same cost with larger portions. I did enjoy the artwork on the wall, mad props to the artist.We visited Turkey and the Wolf during our stay  and heard the bartender mention their breakfast spot  so of course we had to make a visit. Love the space. It's like you're back in grade school in the 80s/90s. Make sure you go upstairs to look around! Food was great  and wished we could've come during the weekend for the Pop tarts.We thoroughly enjoyed it. Cool atmosphere, tasty food, friendly staff. If you're upset of a lack of healthy options you should probably read the menu prior to visiting the restaurant. Judge this place on what it offers, not what you're looking for.Waiting in line for breakfast food is, probably, my biggest pet peeve of all time, so I was quite reluctant to try Molly's. Went with a group this past Sunday and was pleasantly surprised by almost every aspect of the experience. There was a line to order, but it moved quickly. It was a little tense snagging a table for five, but it got done. It wasn't cheap, but also much better pricing than several other brunch spots. Then, after a brief wait, the food came and it was very, very good. McMuffin - which 
I had sarcastically equated to the McDonald's item - was fresh, flavorful and filling. Side of bacon was cooked to perfection. Tried my friend's collard greens, which were exploding with tastiness. I would definitely make my way back to Molly's, but I'm not hanging around if there's a line out the door.We went here I believe the day after we went to Molly's big brother Turkey and the Wolf! Still cool kitschy vibes but for breakfast :) check out the cool mural they have inside!!
Get the grand slam sandwich with extra sausage. You will not regret it.  It's oh so tasty but even more so with more meat. Also get the pastries. I wish I tried some and completely regret not getting any. 
The cold brew is tasty too. If you are looking for booze I believe that they do not have it here. But they do have mixers if you have some on hand.It's is corner of Magazine St. with a country charm.  Inside the decor keeps to looking around for all the memorabilia they gathered in one place!  The food is very good.  If you like granola the roasted carrot yogurt is a must.  The grand slam McMuffin is very fulfilling and very good.  They offer different pastries and we had the apple turnover which was delicious.  The orange juice is fresh and refreshing.What an absolute delight of an establishment. The ambiance is so very welcoming, it feels like a hug or a high five every time I walk in. Thanks to this lovely and carefully curated space, I finished my book on deadline. 
The food is consistently delish, the staff is super duper friendly, and the music is on point.
Cannot recommend highly enough.Doesn't even deserve 1 star. Nice service and location but the food is horrible and way to expensive for breakfast. 
Bacon and sausage was overly cooked to a dog treat consistency, and the rest was throw together like slop. 
Place has a weird smell as well. 
Don't waste your time!Delicious food with a lot of flavor. Different food combinations. The decorations were an awesome throwback to childhood. My family visiting loved it.This place is so good and unique.  Went with a big group and we shared a bunch of pastries - the brown butter fig crumb cake was great, as was the banana pudding croissant, but the real star was the strawberry basil meyer lemon crumb tart (!). 
The savory food is pretty creative.  I get so excited to see things like labneh and za'atar on Southern menus, but went with the deviled egg tostada.  Tons of spice and flavor - so good!  I tried my friend's whirled peas on toast (piled high, solid portion) and loved it even though I'm not big on peas.  
This place is very casual, with counter-service, and they encourage BYOB so you won't find any mimosas here.  I love that - there are already so many places to drink with brunch, this way Molly's can just focus on the food and amazing pastries.Sigh. I could go on and on. Amazing food, inventive dishes, good prices, great service, convenient location, lots of seating, cute and thoughtful decor, and on and on. We tried a few things and loved all of them.Don't believe the hype. Unless you like overpriced, small portions there are many better options. The food was tasty but we left hungry. Carrot yogurt had some crunchy granola, a little fruit and mint but the whole thing could have fit in a dixie cup.   For over $10?  Similarly, the tostada tasted good but was tiny. And a $5 glass of OJ need to be bigger than a thimble. The decor is too contrived and the line out the door. I wonder how it will survive when the buzz wears off.This grand slam, no meat, sub scrambled egg (add a big squirt of sriracha) is my literal dream breakfast sandwich and i will never stop wanting it everyday if my life. 
bring those pastries back too. 
oh and pizza night is legitI really wanted to love this place, but the prices are just a total rip off. We got a bagel plate (one bagel, cream cheese and peppers - was supposed to come with pepperoni but they didn't eat pork), the McMuffin (small fancy McDonalds style breakfast sandwich), side of grits, and two coffees. With tip, it was around $40, which was just unreasonable to me - especially the bagel plate...we might as well have gone to steins or just bought our own bagel at the store. 
The good: the McMuffin was really good (pricy but I liked it.); the coffee was strong; and the atmosphere was super cute and quirky. Definitely a cute place to be, but I don't think I'd come back for breakfast - maybe coffee and a pastry. 
I wish they'd have more vegetarian non pork sausage options options. The grits weren't my cup of tea...they made it with some sort of sour tasting milk that just didn't sit well. 
I love turkey and the wolf so I wanted to love this place but the price just isn't worth it.I was transported Back to high school today and I loved it baby! 
Luke perry would've loved this place and tightened up his duck tale in the mirrors! 
I saw Alf eating a tostada and playing hungry hungry hippos.....he has unusual eating fetishes but seemed happy....
......which was all secondary to the great food....truly thoughtful and simple dishes....a great bear claw, which was the last of the lot and a brioche bread....not past prime at a 10:30 dreary pre parade day in the Irish channel....
20 years I lived on Washington Ave across from a church and a block from parasols, close to the epicenter and three blocks from commanders castle!  
I used to grab poboys from this spot 15 plus years back.....
Topanga ordered the carrots and yogurt and it was dank! 
Next time I'm going to the peach pit. 
All bs aside, I had a great breakfast here and you can too with an open mind and nostalgic spirit.....We had whirled peas and toast, collards and grits, the special lamb and tomatoes & grand slam macmuffin.  Unique and excellent.got dragged here with my partner and their sister.. was super excited to try to the bagel and meat lunchable. 
Awful! The salami was a sa-no-mi! The bologna was alright as best. Only redeeming point of this whole meal was the bitter cold brew I ordered to get rid of the taste, to which I promptly dropped it when I was half finished. 
Give it a go, if you do check out their leaf blower in the bathroom! It's to die for!Not impressed. Over priced. The food was average. Coffee was not good. Go to revelator Paloma cafe, it's a little out of the way but good and personal.I think I found my ALL TIME favorite breakfast place in town.  Talk about hitting it out of the park (for me).  The decoration is amazing, full of memorabilia, I love their tables and chairs, their salt and peppers glued to kids toy cars were mega cute.  Ok now the important stuff: the food was SO good I forgot to take pics! Sorry guys. You'll have to trust me on this one... this is what I would simply refer to as: healthy, clean, fresh and delicious DINER food.  I truly cannot wait to go back!!! Do not panic - the menu has amazing different plates on it BUT you can build your good old traditional all american breakfast as well.Had an amazing experience. The food is creative and flavorful, and the atmosphere sparks joy. Whether you live in NOLA or visit, give Molly's Rise and Shine your business.Worst breakfast ever. Every thing was over cooked. Not a healthy thing on the menu. Biscuit was hard as a rock, bacon burned. Too many great breakfast cafes to ever go back.Such Unique dishes at reasonable prices. Our family was doing the Garden District self guided tour and stopped here. There were eight of us and we ALL loved our dishes. Highly recommend! Interesting, fun atmosphere. Is retro casual type place. I loved my tostada. Two had the sweet potato wrap -- normally my mom doesn't eat an entire wrap but she did. My husband was thrilled with his sardine variety dish. Such unique selections!A real find. 
Ignore the folks who think it's overpriced and let them go down the street for a Happy Meal. 
We had the carrot yogurt and the bagel bite tray. Both were inventive, prepared with care and interestingly delicious. We travel the world and this is one of the most interesting and unique places we've encountered. 
Extra credit for fun decor, hilarious restrooms, great soundtrack and the fact that many customers get hugged upon arrival. We did not get hugged, but still had a wonderful meal.