Worst decision we ever made. PLEASE save yourselves....it was too late for us.  Food was overpriced and bland.  But i can live with that, the one thing i can't live with is the horrible service.  Our food literally took almost 2 hours to arrive.  They weren't even that busy.  The server barely came around and it still took us 20 minutes just to order another round of drinks. 
At one point, the server says to us "you food will be out shortly, sorry for the wait".  We DIDN'T even order yet!
I rarely write reviews.  Only when restaurants are VERY good or VERY bad.  No matter how many bad reviews this restaurant gets, it will always do well (unfortunately) because of it's location.  Well if you're reading this, please save yourselves.Came here for a late lunch. We ordered the boiled crawfish. So glad we did. The boil they cooked the crawfish in was so full of flavor and seasoning. We ate the entire platter between the two of us. The service was alright, the cooler half of the restaurant was closed off, but I think it was because the staff was trying to keep the window side of the restaurant looking filled with customers. Plus, it was towards the end of lunch service and they were probably going to be vamping up for dinner service soon. Other than that, the restaurant is nothing too spectacular. The restrooms are upstairs and when I went into the stall, the shutters were wide open (I guess they were keeping it ventilated that way with the window open) and there was some missing floor tile too. All in all, I'm glad we ate the crawfish (AMAZING!!). The staff was friendly and they made sure to keep our beverages filled. Based on the other reviews, I can definitely understand how this place could be a hit or miss. I think we just happened to be in the right place at the right time.Got there after brunch and before dinner, around 6 pm; fun service but very long wait for food; I ordered BBQ shrimp and got huge portion but my friends got small portions, minimally spiced and marginal taste; they left hungry; Terry Montrel apologized but I was very disappointed,Tourist trap. 
They flag you in, then ignore you. 
Food was OK.  But we will never go back because of the service.
The whole place seemed shady.  It's one of those places that feels like a tourist trap/used car lot. City of new Orleans can and does do so much better. Dont go. You can do much better.Our first dinner in New Orleans and we hoped for better. The waiter explained that they had a lousy wine list--his words--and he was right. Ordered Abita beer instead which was good but when we ordered a second we were told they were out of cold beer.And this was at about 7 pm. We ordered dinner and all four of us were underwhelmed. The soup my friend ordered never showed up. Would not recommend this place to anyone.We wandered to this place after finding that we could not get into Irene's. We were woo'ed in by the host, and he was very frank about telling us what great places there are to eat in the area--including Irene's. We had great service out on the patio and a great dining experience there.  We enjoyed a cup of gumbo, the red beans and rice, jambalaya and a pound of crawfish--we were in heaven.If I could give it 0 stars I would... This place was HORRIBLE!! When we got there we sat for 15 mins and had to ask for a server to take our order. We then ordered 3 waters and a beer and waited another 10 minutes. Finally got our food order in - 3 cups of gumbo and crab cakes to start and them the Natchez Seafood Platter (which actually sounded good and we were quite excited). We waited 40 more minutes and had yet to receive our appetizer. During this time, I watched about 4 or 5 servers stand around chatting, the manager sat at the bar and ate 2 bowls of gumbo, yet we could get ours? Absolutely the worst service yet on our trip. I understand it is busy during Mardi Gras but come on... There were empty tables all around us and the staff stood around socializing. We ended up waiting over and hour. I finally just grabbed the nearest server and asked for the bill for our drinks. He didn't even go to the computer to print a bill... He said he thought the beer was "around 5 and the tax should be about Uhm.... " Needless to say, I gave him exact change and we walked out. I will never recommend this place to anyone.Pretty good...I had a different experience than most other diners. I had a restaurant.com certificate so we tried it out.
The gumbo was excellent....hot and spicy and flavorful. We also had the large platter of crawfish. They too had a wonderful flavor of clove and spice and were not overcooked. A bunch were very small though ( I think they were out of season). 
I had the Etoufee which again was excellent. 
I see lot sof complaints about the service...but we didn't see it. The wiater and runner were both very attentive. 
It was a Tuesday night...so not that many tables were taken. 
We sat outside which is always an "adventure" in N.O. because of the wildlife (rats). This has nothing to do with the restaurant...but after the 3rd rat ran by we were a little skeeved out.We ate here on a Tuesday night. We sat on the pretty patio and listened to the live jazz from the restaurant across the street. The waitress didn't know much about the menu but another waiter came along and offered some good suggestions. They didn't have any good scotch so went across to the liquor store and got our own. The crawfsh bisque was amazing! The 4 of us ordered 4 entrees, crawfish cakes, and the bisque and thought it was all very good. Service needs work!I actually found the place charming, a lot of the reviews seem to be hit or miss, for me was defiantly a hit. I ordered Shrimp cocktail to start & the Fettuccine Montrel, was pleased by it! Would go back again the waitstaff was VERY friendly and not afraid to give the details behind the dish.Horrible. This place is the definition of a tourist trap. Don't waste your time or your money here. The shrimp creole had five tiny frozen shrimp, the BBQ shrimp must have been last weeks leftovers from the market, (my tablemate described it as 'mangy' which was the perfect description. The service was not good, they didn't bring us the appetizer we ordered. There were no hand towels in the mens room. I could go on.Great southern beeakfast simple with eggs grit meat and toast all for $4.99.  Fast service and pleasant atmosphere this was a great find on a Saturday morning for budget conscious travelers...service was fast and friendly!Our search for boiled crawfish led us to Montrel's Bistro.  We walked past this place many times as we strolled around the French Quarter, noting the large sign outside that read, "BOILED CRAWFISH," and the gentleman trying to hustle people inside for business.  I guess he was doing his job because this place was packed during the day.  At night, as the tourists made their way to other destinations, the crowds dwindled and seating became readily available.  I really wanted boiled crawfish and this was our last night in New Orleans, so our choice for dinner was pretty much made up at this point.  
The outdoor seating area was comfortable, although the views weren't the greatest.  It would have been much better if there was a view of the river, as this place is basically right on the water, however, there are some trees and other vegetation that regrettably block the view.
Our waiter (I forgot his name) was friendly and gave us great service.  No complaints there.  We quickly ordered our main courses of crawfish and red beans and within 15 minutes our food was served.
I had never eaten crawfish before, therefore, I can't compare it to any other experience I've ever had - but I really enjoyed the meal.  I hate to let other reviews cloud my judgment of Montrel's but I can't help it.  Apparently, they serve crawfish when it's not in season.  This indicates that they must get their supply from elsewhere, and by elsewhere I mean China or some other country.  I would like to think that this is not the case, but how else would they be able to serve this dish if it's not in season?  I'll never know whether or not I had fresh Louisiana crawfish or the frozen Chinese version.  
Anyway, crawfish aside, this was absolutely, without a doubt, the worst meal we had during our trip - and it's not even because we had issues with the food or anything else, although the red beans and rice were mediocre.  I've said this before: New Orleans restaurants set the bar unattainably high and places like Montrel's will fail to reach it every single time.  For $30 more we could have went to a much better restaurant and had an excellent meal, rather than one that leaves us questioning the quality of the food.  
Oh...and what's up with the bathroom?  You have to walk up two flights of stairs to get to it.  It's almost like it's not really part of the restaurant.  Good thing I don't have a disability.I totally agree with other one star reviews in that this place is a poor excuse for a restaurant. It was a slow monday morning 1045 am and there were only 3 tables occupied on the patio with many sketchy waitstaff goofing around, one even smoking on the patio.  The service was horrid, it took 45 mins for us to get jambalaya and a cold plate of red beans and rice. The portions were small and the food cold. That whole time we had to ask to receive one refill of coffee. Our server was nice but was never around he claims they ran out of spicy sausage for the red beans and rice however something similar appeared in the jambalaya, I fet like the we were cheated. A couple sat at a table next to ours and it took a long time for them to be acknowledged by the waitstaff, and they ordered coffee which never came so they left after at least 20-25 mins of no service. Avoid this place, there's a ton of better places to eat extremely close by,After getting turned down by Coops because some of us were underage, we walked along Decatur looking for a place to eat.  When we passed by Montrel's, a couple of guys in leather jackets pretty much begged us to eat there and a 10% discount.  When we walked in, the place was literally empty.  Red flag
The menu was really overpriced--each dish costs about 50% more than what it would have at a similar restaurant.  The waiter was absolutely incompetent: he messed up our check twice and was really bad at taking and bring orders.  This is obviously not a restaurant but a cover-up for some shady under-the-table business. 
The bathroom is up three flights of stairs hidden behind a dark corner.  As I walked up the stairs I could hear the mobsters laughing behind a locked door.  Also, when my friend was outside smoking one of the restaurant owners in a leather jacket tried to sell him weed, ecstasy, and coke.Ok food.  Nothing spectacular. Service was alright, about 45 minutes ordered to food.
They will rope you in with the boiling cajun spices. In hind-sight, I think that's what got us.Don't believe those bad reviews! So the interior is old, who cares...sit on their beautiful patio overlooking the french market! Our waiter, Alvin, was so attentive and friendly and brought us samples of the food to help us decide what to order! The jambalaya was fantastic, the gumbo yummy and spicy and the bisque soup was some of the best I've had.!!  The red beans and rice w the sausage was mmmmmm!  Great drinks too! Go!Wow, not sure where some of the bad reviews came from, but the food we got was delicious. Yes we had to wait a bit to get it, but it was fresh, hot and cooked perfectly (thats worth my time....no food poisioning) The waiter kept up on our drinks, stayed attentive, and we had a great experience. Yes the womens room (not sure about the mens) needs an upgrade, but it is an older building that obviously took some damage in Katrina. I will be back again...oh and getting to listen to the band playing outside in the bar across the street while we ate was an added bonus.Okay. Let me tell you this much...IF AND WHEN THIS PLACE IMPROVES ON THEIR SERVICE. IT WILL BE A 5 STAR RESTAURANT. That may not be fair to say, being that it looks like they've only been in business for a month or so and I think our waitress might have been about 12% retarded. 
But seriously folks, Montrel's is ANOTHER restaurant in New Orleans that shouldn't be taken lightly! Let's get the bad out of the way...
1) The Owner/Manager who was outside of the place, soliciting Montrel's reminded me of a car salesman. Nice guy but trying way to hard to get business. 
2) The table we were seated at was very "wobbly". Either my friend or I had to both be leaning on the table or not. But not one or the other. 
3) The restrooms are 3 flights of stairs above the restaurant.
4) Our waitress:
     A) Didn't know the specials (Actual response was "We don't really cook anything special here")
     B) Took 12 minutes to find/bring us hot sauce
     C) Over charged us about $30.00 (no joke)
Believe it or not, I still give this place 4 stars...why? THE FOOD WAS STILL EXCELLENT!!! Look at the pictures I uploaded. Their presentation does minimal justice to the taste. 
We started with the crab cakes w/shrimp sauce and I also had a cup of the crawfish bisque. Both were delicious. For our entrees, I had the Grilled Redfish with Garlic Mashed potatoes. Fish was tender, yet crispy on the edges. Perfect. Lightly salt & peppered, with a hint of garlic & rosemary. My friend had the Southern Fried Chicken with what they call "Macaroni & Cheese" but is actually spaghetti noodles with cheese. He commented that the chicken was perfectly seasoned, lightly battered, not drenched in flour. They both came with some kind of vegetable medley in a tomato based sauce. We probably would've ordered dessert, if our waitress remembered she was serving us... 
Luckily for us, I noticed that $78 was a tad bit much for a 2 person lunch tab. 
Luckily for them, the car salesman/owner/manager cleared it up... 4 stars, nothing more, nothing less.The other reviews are accurate in the sense that tis restaurant needs some serious attention in the area of front end management.  Ou waitress was lovely and eager to please, but we didn't have place settings on the table, and she didn't ask if we wanted dessert.  They were out of some food items, but honestly, the food was delicious !  The pork chop was flavorful, green beans fresh, and the macaroni and cheese to die for.  My husband said the jambalaya was the best he's had since we've been down here.  It's too bad they probably won't make it.My hubby and I shared the Seafood Platter for $32.95, which came with fries, french bread, fried shimp, fried oysters, and the best fried catfish I had during our trip over Halloween weekend in 2011.  The crawfish platter that we all shared was also very good.  
Our party of 15 was very happy with the food, but we were definitely forewarned by our local friends about the terribly slow service.  We enjoyed ourselves and the company, and didn't bother with trying to be in a rush.  
I would eat here again with a group, but not on my own.  There are better places in town.  If I were the owner, I would read these reviews and think very seriously about improving customer service, timeliness and also adjusting prices for the more basic foods (po boys, soups, salads) so people have more of a variety of price options to choose from.I went to Montrel's with a few friends during a recent vacation to New Orleans.  While walking around earlier in the day they came across the restaurant, which was apparently packed for lunch.  They were told it was the only place in town that was serving boiled crawfish (which I have a very hard time believing), so they recommended we go back later for dinner.
When we arrived around 6:30 we were the only table to be seated in the restaurant.  Three of us ordered the house salad and 1lb of the crawfish and my other friend ordered the cheeseburger with fries.  The salad was pretty good -- I liked the onion vinaigrette and the croutons were large, crispy and garlicy.  They may have been the best part of the whole meal.
The crawfish was alright, a little blander than I've had at other places.  My friend's hamburger looked like cafeteria meat   She could barely get through half of it.  By the time we finished our meal, close to 8pm, only 2 other tables had been sat in the restaurant -- and this was on a Saturday night.
On the walls they have photos of celebrities.  I have a hard time believing that most of those people actually ate at this place.
Also, although I did not venture up, 2 of my friends said the bathroom, located up a dark staircase, was kind of sketchy.This was probably the WORST dining experience I have ever had.  I went here with a large group of friends.  The food was basically inedible.  The po boys were all bread and extremely dry.  My friend ordered the shrimp cocktail and they brought it out to her with a shrimp the size of a penny.  I'm not lying.  It was a joke.  With so many amazing food establishments in NOLA I'm embarrassed that we ate here. 
From here on out I will ALWAYS check yelp.We spent three nights in the French Quarter and the night we ate at Montrel's was not only the best food we had but the best service we got on our entire trip.  Our waiter loved his job and enjoyed entertaining guests.  We felt like he was just one of our friends hanging out.  Our group had everything from boiled crawfish, red beans and rice with sausage, shrimp creole, crawfish etouffee, and seafood au-gratin.  Everyone loved their meals and the outside patio was a great place to chill.  Only reason why this doesn't get 5 stars was that some of the boiled crawfish were slightly overcooked and some slightly undercooked, not real consistent on the boil.Didn't tell us they lost their liquor license until we tried to order drinks, didn't tell us they couldn't take credit cards until we tried to pay, and offered the smallest portions at the highest prices I've seen so far in New Orleans. One huge disappointment.Can you give a place less than one star? This place definitely deserves it. I wish we'd checked yelp before we went here. we were only in new orleans for a few hours, and I insisted that we go try beignets at Cafe Du Monde (which was great). James thought that while we were there, we should try some of that famous New Orleans food. So we walked down the street and saw Montrel's. We should've noticed that even though it was lunchtime, almost no one was there. We were seated and given a menu, and quickly made our choices...after all, we were on our way to Florida that day and had to get back on the road. We waited for someone to come by to take our orders...or at the very least our drink orders! We waited some more...and some more. Finally, the man who seated us (I assume he's the maitre'd) came to check on us. We politely mentioned that no one had been by to take our order yet (this is about 15 minutes after being seated) or even been by at all. He told us he would remedy the problem right then. He pointed out the woman who would be our server, and told us she would be right with us. No luck. Another 5 minutes later, another server comes by. Still no order; he says he'll send someone over. Finally the fourth person we've seen comes to get our drink orders---JUST our drink orders. I got water, so I wasn't surprised when it arrived in a tiny dixie-cup-size glass, but James' Coke arrived in the same size glass. They'd better have free refills, or that's a big ripoff. 
Finally a waiter comes by (the fifth person we'd seen in one sitting) to take our food orders. James orders the Jambalaya and I order the Shrimp Creole, which I was told was stew-like. While we're waiting for our food, another couple comes in. 5 minutes later, there's a slight commotion at their table. Apparently they're angry because no one had waited on them yet. James and I rolled our eyes and heartily approved of the waiter telling them off. Management was not so approving, and a few minutes later our waiter STORMS out of the building...he'd just been fired for coldly, but politely, telling off that couple. And he still hadn't put in our order. 15 minutes later, the maitre'd comes back again--no food. By this time, I'm getting antsy since we left the puppies in the car (well ventilated and with water, don't worry, but I am protective of them). We said that we would give him another 10 minutes to get the food out and then we were leaving. Well he just barely got it out in time. I was actually standing up and grabbing my jacket when the food came out because I was so fed up. The Shrimp Creole was NOT a stew. It was a sauce with shrimp served over rice. Alright, I'm not too picky and I'm starving, so I'll eat it. Until I see all the little black lines in the shrimp, and find 3 of them in a row with more than half the tails still on. James had shrimp with tails as well, though not as many as my dish did. When we called the maitre'd over, he tried to pull a line about that happening when the shrimp were fresh. I told him that we knew a man who ran a restaurant and bought his shrimp right off the boat, but had never found a tail in his food and had never had non-deveined shrimp either. This is true, and one reason for my exasperation. I then told him that I couldn't eat my meal because it was full of s**t, literally. Neither of us felt comfortable eating the food when the shrimp had obviously not been cleaned or properly handled, and I lost my appetite completely. They still tried to charge us for one meal---$17.95 for LUNCH!!!!----at which point we got up and just walked out of the restaurant. Paying 20 bucks for a meal of which we could barely force down 4 bites was ridiculous. We ended up not paying, but also didn't get lunch til we stopped at a Wendy's on the outskirts of town. I should have listened to my phone when it prompted the word "mongrel's" instead of "montrel's." Never will we go there, and I have no idea how such a horrible, horrible restaurant could stay open in a city known for it's world-class cuisine.Seriously? 2 hours just for the food to come? This place really suck a$$. Finish 3 beers and hasn't seen a dish on the table. 
For those people knows about eating crawfish, this NOT the place you want to try it. Their crawfish has no flavor, taste like something that you ate at a Chinese buffet. 
One word to describe this place? "SLOWWWW"Service is crappy, the food was OK but over priced for the amount and quality of it. And the women's bathroom was disgusting to put it nicely. We will never go back there.Just look at the reviews and you can see that this place is not doing so well.  We ate here because I had a restaurant.com coupon and it was late and we were right there.  I got the jambalaya and it had very little meat in it.  My wife paid 18 bucks for fetuchini Alfredo and she liked that.  There were no real vegetarian dishes on the menu which is a problem for a lot of people and in a group of 8 or so people it is common to have a vegetarian in the bunch.  All in all I thought my food was so so, but badly overpriced.  I gave them 2 stars because I expected better jambalaya with more than one tiny bite of sausage, no chicken, and 4 or 5 teeny popcorn shrimp.  The place holds itself out there as original and authentic.  My final comment is that they encouraged me to comment on a blank comment card when all these reviews all over the place say it all!  I almost went for 3 stars because it was ok, but not great.I have been visiting New Orleans every summer for the last 13 years. Montrel's has the BEST BREAD PUDDING I have ever tasted. My sister and I had the pleasure of meeting the lady whom makes the bread pudding. She was very nice. I had good service from the waiter' but the food wasn't what I thought it would be. I would not suggest dining there, but I would highly recommend the bread pudding. The bread pudding is to die for. This is why I gave three (3) stars.We were already seated before I read the reviews. I was scared for what my family was in for. 
This was very enjoyable. Had drinks and a bread basket right away. Wonderful food and just the right amount of attention from the staff
I would defiantly tell people to give it another tryFriendly service BUT slow, slow service & it wasn't even BUSY! Go figure! Food was bland. Ok... Not the best. The Margaritas were very good ... Disappointing to give a 2 stars to a restaurant in the French Quarters. We've had such excellent food here in New Orleans! :(  unfortunately we won't go back to eat here ever again.I went here with my family on a Thursday night.  Not at all busy, and we were all starving so we thought we'd give it a try. BIG. MISTAKE. 
We sat down in the outdoor patio, and our waitress brought us water, and we ordered appetizers and dinner. 30 minutes goes by.... No silverware. No appetizers. No waitress to come take our drink orders.... Pissed. So I go to the bartender and ask what's going on and he says he will take care of us right away... Still nothing. We got up and left, and after seeing the rating and other reviews I'm glad we didn't waste our money at this place. If I could give it 0 stars I would.Food + Service = OUTSTANDING! We love this place! Shrimp Po-Boy was VERY VERY tasty! Forget these other reviews.. This is the FRENCH Quarter. EVERYTHING is old.. (or don't cha KNOW that?? lol) The staff is friendly and the food is GOOD. What MORE do ya need!NO NO NO. They're great at getting you in the door but once you're inside....It's a train wreck!Friendly staff and excellent crawfish, we even got complimentary lessons on how to eat them! Extremely accommodatingDate Visited: Saturday, April 18, 2009
Time of Day: Dinner
In the way of service, Montrel's left a lot to be desired.  I wanted to give this place 2 stars but their saving grace was the service they provided to my dad.  My dad asked our waiter for gravy for his fries.  Our waiter informed us that this was not possible.  My dad was disheartened but didn't give up and instead asked the chef when he came out.  The chef did not hesitate and went in the kitchen to make my dad fresh gravy and personally poured it over my dad's fries.  
Other than that, our waiter seemed as though he was ready to go home. He originally brought my dad mashed potatoes when he asked for fries.  I asked for mashed potatoes and green beans and received mashed potatoes and an assortment of stir fried veggies (e.g. green peppers, onions, etc.).  I will say that the house dressing on their house salad was tasty.  
Also adding to the experience: The back of my chair was broken.  And since we sat outside, there was limited light coming from a frail candle.  
This place could improve with some better waitstaff, better outdoor seating and a few more veggie options.Sloooooooow service, 2nd to last on my Gumbo tour, kind of vinegary and not really fresh tasting....Ate there 4/30/12 Service very poor. Food passable. They apparently lost their liquor license. Complained to the manager about the service, and he seemed like he could care less. No way this place can survive in New Orleans.This place has the WORST customer service I have ever experienced...They should shut the doors...My plate of food ended up on the floor...Nothing but degenerates work here...DO NOT GO TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT ...EVER...EVER...EVER...Super friendly and helpful staff.  Hands down some of the most professional and friendly people I have met.  
However the food and environment seem to be a bit in decline. 
Not really understanding how bad crawfish can get when they are "out of season" I ordered a plate and soon learned my lesson.  I'm a northerner but have had some seriously good crawfish in my many visitis to LA.  I don't understand why a restaurant would serve crawfish if they were so poor at this time of year.  The rest of their menu may be fantastic, but if you can't get a quality product then you should not attempt to pass an inferior one off, especially for $9 a pound. 
I would like to try this place again some time before I really make my mind up, it just felt a bit like a burn after enjoying the staff so much.
meh.Not somewhere I'd ever go again. I've always loved the culture and history of NOLA, but it always comes down to one main reason for my visits -- the food. The first few times I came here, we went to Montel's Bistro because we like sitting outside, listening to street performers, and chowing on the massive tray of Crawfish boil. It was decent during my trips a few years back, however, during our recent trip, we came back here and the crawfish boil tray was absolutely disgusting. The crawfish boil platter seemed like it was days old and just reheated.  When I complained that it was not fresh, the cook and manager tried to pass it off saying that it was, "just the type of crawfish", thinking we were ignorant tourists. H*ll no! I know my crawfish! After some pressure, they finally admitted that it was reboiled from the day before. Trying to take advantage of us, we sent the tray back and left. That was the last time we'll ever go there. At least they apologized and didn't charge us for our soft drinks. And as for readers who think about getting other dishes from here, in the past, we never ate anything noteworthy from Montel's Bistro, everything was either edible or below mediocre.Went here after some shopping at the French Market. The displayed food and steaming cooker made this place drew us in. We decided to get a mid afternoon snack. Location is definitely working for this restaurant.
There were probably 2-3 tables with customers at the most (3pm)  Might be busier toward the peak eating times. Service was friendly and attentive.
We saw crawfish on the menu and ordered a plate roughly 2.5lbs. The crawfish tasted good and large size. Overall, it wasn't wow... just good. Satisfied our crawfish-in-NOLA craving a little bit. Didn't order anything else other than Abita Purple Haze beers. So my rating is a solid 3 for our experience.
*Crawfish wasn't in season during our trip.... a bit sad, but there's more seafood to try.My Dad and I were walking around the French Quarter and decided to try this place, based on just the facts that we were tired, hungry, and the restaurant played some really cool jazz from a loudspeaker, and really loud. Plus, most other restaurants on the corner were already starting to close up (it was about 9:00-9:30 pm on a Monday night). 
The tables were only about 40% full. We were seated in the outdoor patio area. It seemed that the waiters spent most of their time tending to the customers eating indoors, and only ventured outside to drop off the food, and leave the check. 
The amount of time we spent waiting for our dinner was like a bad scene from Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares, where the kitchen staff just can't seem to get the food out, and Chef Ramsey definitely didn't show up this night to light a fire under anyone's ass. 
The servers hustled about, oblivious and not caring that we've been sitting there for an hour without so much as a glass of water to stave off our hunger (water is served on request only, but only if you can find your waiter).  
Restaurants that charge this much money normally send out warm bread, or chips--or something!!-to keep diners occupied while their food is being prepared. Don't count on this here.
The coffee that I was served had obviously been sitting on the burner for some time.  I was told that I couldn't get a refill because they were "out of coffee." (in other words, it was almost closing time, and they couldn't be bothered making a fresh pot of coffee--or even a fresh cup of instant coffee--I probably wouldn't have noticed the difference!) 
I ordered the fried chicken dinner, which came with a side of mashed potatoes and a side of green beans. (Again, a biscuit or some other bread would have complimented the meal, but they failed miserably here). 
Admittedly, everything tasted pretty good (good seasoning will do that). The chicken had a nicely seasoned crust, the mashed potatoes were okay, and the green beans had a uniquely pleasant taste, but were surprisingly watery.. Everything, however, had the distinct consistency and texture of having come out of a microwave oven and/or having been made far in advance and then reheated. The food simply didn't taste cooked-to-order. 
Would I eat here again? Yes, but only if the other nearby restaurants were already closed, and I didn't feel like walking back to my car to go drive somewhere else to eat.Montrel"s is closed! The resto was cited over 75 times for health violations and failed to pay its bills! Shame and sad story!!Like most restaurants in the Quarter proper this place serves dumbed down, bland, overcooked New Orleans classics. Nothing to see here. *waving flashlight* Move along. It's a fair bet if a place needs a barker to pull you in you dont want to do it.Location, location, location.  That is the only possible reason this place is still in business.  All of their customers must get drawn in once, get treated poorly, and never return.  Hopefully, word of mouth from places like Yelp can prevent other suckers like me from having a crappy experience here.
My friend and I arrived just before 11am.  I'm talking two or three minutes.  The menu said breakfast would be served til 11.  My friend wanted the crab cakes off the lunch menu, but was told that only breakfast was being served.  He wasn't pleased, but he accepted it and chose the southern omelet instead.  I ordered the creole omelet.  An auspicious beginning, and it only went downhill from there.
The omelets took over HALF AN HOUR to be served.  It wasn't like the place was packed; far from it.  There were a few tables taken, but it was with diners who arrived AFTER we did.  It wasn't like the kitchen was in the weeds.  I had a direct view of the kitchen entrance, and it sure didn't look like anyone was scrambling.  In fact, I had to concentrate to detect motion.
Our server, while nice enough, only appeared once during that time to apologize for the delay, then disappeared, leaving us sitting there with just our waters.  Another server stopped by our table and asked if we'd been helped!  That's how bad the situation was.
Since we had only had water, I wanted to just up and leave, but my friend wanted to at least inform the server.  I argued that she had only stopped by to look in on us once in all the time we'd been there, and who knows how long it would be before she would return.  He finally acquiesced, and we were just about to leave when our server arrived with the food.
The food itself was decent, but in no way should have taken that long to be served.  My plate consisted of a couple of scrambled eggs with creole ingredients ladeled over the top, with a scoop of grits and a halved slice of toast.  The server added a couple of strips of bacon to make up for the long wait, which was a nice gesture.
However, all of the food was on the cold side, which means the plates were probably just sitting there (and NOT under a heat lamp) for some time.  The bacon was cooked well before we even sat down.
The excuse given to other diners for the delay at their tables (only one table had been served soup) was that the kitchen was transitioning from breakfast to lunch.  At least we weren't the only ones being treated badly.  By the time we were leaving, no one else was eating.  They were all just sitting there like we had been.
If it's that big of a hassle to change from breakfast to lunch, then they should just open at 10 without the breakfast menu and hit the ground running.
If you live in New Orleans, then I'm sure you're well aware of the problems here.  If you're visiting like I was, please take my advice and avoid this place.  Despite the great location, there are numerous places within easy walking distance where you won't be treated like an afterthought.  This place doesn't deserve your business.The eight FAILS of Montrel's Bistro.
I'm not sure what the others who have reviewed Montrel's with more than one star were thinking, but this was the WORST experience, hands down, I had while in New Orleans.  I'll admit, we were drawn in by the prospect of a $4.99 breakfast (Cafe Du Monde had a line about 3 Chicago city blocks long, so, we walked toward the French Market and happened upon Montrel's along the way).  And, the smell of boiling crayfish out front was enticing.  
We were seated INSIDE (seriously?) -- big patio and all, we were still directed inside, to a window table.  First FAIL.  Our server finally appeared, took drink orders for drinks that NEVER appeared -- 45 minutes to wait for a cup of coffee????  Second FAIL.  One of the other reasons we entered Montrel's was because the "manager" out front promised that the chef could make us off-the-menu beignets (really, the only thing we wanted that morning).  The server insisted that they were not available, then proceeded to argue with us AND the manager, then relented and placed the order.  Third FAIL.  We waited another 15 minutes, no drinks, no beignets, then the server came over to take our main order.  15 minutes?  Fourth FAIL.  The "beignets" then appeared -- three orders that came out at three different times over a 30 minute period.  They were essentially pancake dough deep fried covered with a fairly conservative, almost nonexistent dusting of powdered sugar.  Fifth FAIL.  45 minutes later, our main orders were served -- one plate at a time, every 5 minutes.  With 8 people at the table, we finally got the last dish 40 minutes AFTER the first dish arrived.  We had now been at MB about an hour and a half, no coffee or iced tea.  Sixth FAIL.  AFTER we finished eating, a busboy brought us water -- 6 glasses for 8 people.  AND, don't get me started on the food -- the eggs were runny (supposed to be scrambled), the grits were gritty, the bacon was half-cooked, and the toast seemed to be recycled.  Seventh FAIL.  Funniest part of the experience was when the server came back with our bill -- the general manager came over after we complained and offered to comp our meal because the server was brand-new.   Really?  Brand new?   Nooooo, you don't say?  Eighth FAIL.  
My advice, stay as far away as you can from Montrel's Bistro when in New Orleans.  Walk on the other side of the street.  Actually, walk two blocks over.  Wait in the Du Monde line, even if it's all Japanese tourists and large, obese families waiting for beignets.  It will be worth it.  Or, go directly to the French Market and eat there.  You will not regret your decision to ignore Montrel's altogether.  Trust me.I brought a fellow Southerner (Arkansian? Arkansite?) to eat here. Too hot to enjoy dining al fresco, we asked to sit indoors. We were placed directly in front of the AC units. which were straining to keep 50% of the restaurant cool. 
Our waiter, while very friendly, was definitely a newbie. He forgot most things, like telling us this is a BYOB establishment (and I would have left immediately), or straws with our drinks, and bringing the appetizer well after receiving our entrees.
The food? 
Eggplant Napoleon - this appetizer was the highlight of the meal. Huge portion of sliced fried eggplant with layers of cheese (not quite sure about that; I don't want to see cheddar cheese ever, unless it's mac & cheese), and covered with crabmeat, and three large shrimp atop this pile. I wished the shrimp had been peeled to make this dish a perfectly pleasurable one.
I ordered the fettuccine Montrel and my friend had the shrimp Creole. The creole was spicy and well-seasoned (not over-salted). The fettuccine needed more of everything: cream sauce, shrimp, and spices.
If this restaurant can pull it together and create a consistency with food, service, a liquor license and the AC, then everyone's experience would be a stellar one.The food is satisfactory but definitely not worth the wait. My story:
We went in because the host out front said they have tuna (one in our party has a shellfish allergy). The server finally showed up after 20 minutes or so and took our drink orders, then disappeared for another long while, then came with the drinks.
When two in our party of four ordered the tuna, he returned to say they were out of the tuna. So they ordered chicken, I ordered red beans and rice and the fourth member of our group ordered jambalaya. After about 30 minutes, the server came with two chickens and two jambalayas. I pointed out what I actually ordered, he took the plate and came back saying it would be 30 minutes for the red beans and rice, but did bring us some shrimp on the house. We never saw the server again.
The shrimp were impossible to peel and as my table finished their meal I decided I just wanted to cancel my order so I went on the hunt for our server... outside, inside, he was nowhere.
Finally found a manager who apologized and we told him to cancel the order. Two minutes later my red beans and rice showed up.
They did comp the beans and rice, shrimp and a round of drinks, but I would rather have had a delicious, timely meal.Too bad I didnt check the reviews before I wasted money and a meal occasion here. Skip this place. Cold food, forgettable flavor and nasty bathrooms. Poor service too.This was the worst meal of our 4 day stay in New Orleans.  My boyfriend got the shrimp creole- a small pile of white rice in a shallow pool of pink liquid and three very small shrimp (over cooked to mush)... for $18.  I had to laugh when it came out and the lady at the table next to us turned to say she had the shrimp pasta and had maybe 2 shrimp in her dish.  The waiter blamed the lack of shrimp on the oil spill but no other restaurant had a problem that we went to the entire trip and we went to many. If they didn't have shrimp the should take those dishes off the menu.  I had the Gumbo and it was a soupy broth with one tiny shrimp and crab claw.  There was more meat in the claw (which was the smaller claw of the crab) than in the whole bowl of soup.  I felt like I was eating beef bullion with a little rice.  The ambiance was terrible, it looked like a place ready to go out of business any minute. Our table cloth had a dirty white paper over the top which had been spilled on by the previous diners.  We (and a few other diners) were served water in cheap plastic cups, while some other diners had glasses.  The bloody mary's were watery- no olive and little flavor.  This place is a total tourist trap. You are paying for overpriced, slightly flavored water basically... and no bread to boot. At least we could have dipped our bread in the flavored water-  DO NOT waste one meal in this wonderful city on this dump! I am hoping I don't have to even give it one star, that would be a gift.DO NOT EAT HERE. Unless of course you feel like waiting for hours for tasteless "cajun" fare. If it were possible to give NO stars, I would. I have never written a review on Yelp before, but this place drove me to it because it is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE. I considered telling everyone waiting in line for tables (warning sign: while HALF the tables were unoccupied) that they should just leave. I was eating ALONE and waited 30 minutes for my first drink (a local beer which the waitress told me she'd have to check on because she didn't know what they had on tap and didn't know if it was bottled either) and OVER 1 HOUR for a bread pudding dessert, which is all i had.... oh, and just to be fair, I'm counting that hour, STARTING from when I got my first beer, a HALF HOUR after I was seated.  I didn't even get the food from my original waitress, but from another waiter that noticed I was looking upset while I was taking up a table for an hour and a half. The kicker - the bread pudding was effing disgusting - dry and flavorless. The only good part about this place is the staff, and their friendliness borders on sexual harassment. Do NOT go to this place. You're better off eating at a fried food tourist trap - ON ALL ACCOUNTS. That's all. Gotta sign off so I can sign up for yelp to tell you all how horrible this place is. Best achievement here: first time I ever DIDNT leave a tip - and explained to a staff who completely understood why they didn't deserve a single cent of tip... OH - and I almost forgot to add the fact that the toilet is a broken off seat with AN ACUTAL TRASH CAN for a tank... WHAT!?!?!?!? Eating at this restaurant is the only reason I decided to try "the strongest drink in New Orleans" - the hand grenade. Save yourself. Don't eat here. I repeat: DO NOT EAT HERE.Stay away! Crab cakes had ton of shell pieces in it making it inedible, crawfish bisque was horribly bland, and the service was slow despite the fact the place was emptyALRIGHT i dont know about any of the other dishes cuz i just had crawfish.
But, the crawfish boil there is GREAT. best crawfish i had in new orleans! 
SERVICE was exceptional. our waiter made a special house sauce for the crawfish right at our table. 
five stars but only for the crawfish and service...We stopped in here because we were desperate for breakfast in the crowded French district. What a mistake our server was quite friendly, hence one star. I give the second star for the decent cup of coffee I had. 
Everything else was pretty dang gross. The grits were cold and almost solid. Eggs were runny and undercooked. We paid cash and got out of there as quickly as we could.Basing my review on breakfast, as that's the only meal we had here. I am not understanding all the negative reviews here, but I can only assume the lunch/dinner experience must be totally different. Showed up here when the line for Cafe Du Monde was absolutely ridiculous (as it always is). It's a short walk down the street. Sign out front had some crazy-cheap breakfast special. Like $5.99 or something. 3 adults and 2 preschool-aged kids. We had basic but delicious breakfasts - standard eggs, toast, sausage, etc. I remember the sausage being super good - a little spicy kick to it, not like most breakfast sausage I've had before. The service, while not the greatest, was OK, so I'm not sure why the comments on that either. One amusing anecdote: I think our server had some sort of Cajun Voodoo ESP or something. Every time we made some low-whisper type of remark about something, she would show up and make a comment about it! Funny, but spooky. Live Sunday Brunch jazz on the patio across the street was a fun little unintended perk.The only reason it gets one star, besides the fact that Yelp won't allow zero, is because the maitre'd was helpful.  Their service made New Orleans slow look like New York minute fast.
We were greeted promptly and seated, and placed our order. We asked for coffee with our breakfast breakfast order and were told by the waiter it would be a few minutes because they needed to brew another pot.  Fine, we're on vacation, no rush. Waiter comes back out after ten minutes, no coffee, and asks to take our order. Umm....we gave it to you? 10 more minutes goes by, we're getting antsy, waiter says food will be right out. 5 minutes more, main plate comes out (eggs, grits, bacon). No coffee, no toast, no butter, salt, pepper, jelly (you get the idea). Maitre'd looks, asks if  everything is ok, we tell him what we're missing. He goes in and a minute or two later comes out with everything but the coffee. Waiter follows, and tells us coffee machine is broken. Never mind we saw another table get coffee while we waited for him to grow the chickens to lay the eggs for our breakfast.
We go to pay with a credit card, and lo and behold....credit card machine is down. No surprise there.
If we ever go back to New Orleans, I will never eat here again.This place has amazing catfish (light and crispy - perfect) 5 stars! The gumbo is pretty good as well... along with the long island ice tea ;-)!
Why only 4 stars? Welllll... The jambalya sucked and they're really expensive... When we got the handwritten bill we were puzzled on why it was so expensive? But o'well the catfish was great!This place is just HORRIBLE!  My large group couldn't quite decide on where to eat.  We knew we wanted to go to Cafe Du Mond, so when we spotted Montrel's we walked over to review the menu.  Big mistake!  The barker out front wouldn't leave us alone, so we relented and went inside.  The huge batch of crawfish they were cooking outside looked great, so why not!
The staff is unattentive and rude!  My 83 year old Grandmother had questions on the menu and instead of an informed answer, the waiter told my Grandmother that she is old enough to know that he doesn't have time to explain everything they offer!  What a jerk!  My aunt asked could they make the fried fish blackened.  Our waiter wanted to know what blackened was?  Huh?  Our food took forever and the bathroom is up a flight of stairs that are hard for the most athletic person to navigate!
NEVER go to this place!  They are a bad experience waiting to happen!
When we left I looked them up on YELP and surprise surprise, bad comments dominated! Don't waste your time.  This place is a great candidate for Restaurant Impossible!I stopped by Montrel's the evening on 3/8, before reading all of the substandard reviews.  I liked the place; the staff was friendly, service was good and I was in and out in less than an hour after a fine meal, even though the place was pretty busy.  The crawfish bisque was excellent, and the oyster po-boy first class too.  I'd eat here again during any New Orleans trip.This place sucks. We had to remind our waiter to get us drinks, extra napkins, etc, etc. Our food did not come out the way we ordered it, my hamburger was burned and i got food poisioning from it. I would never go there again and i would tell anyone to eat there at your own risk.I am happy to attest that I visited Montrel's DURING Mardi Gras, with a GROUP of people, and had fantastic service. The house drink was absolutely delicious, a must try! Our entrees were delectable, exactly what we expected to experience from New Orleans food. I had the Jambalaya, and was thoroughly pleased. Prices were adequate to quality of food offered, and the service was wonderful. The waiter even split the check amongst a large group, during Mardi Gras, when it was clear that he was in no way obliged to do so. I would go again.Ok after walking by this place a few times and having the guy try to pass me a flyer.  We decided to eat here.  It was around lunch time and we where about to enter and a young boy with his back pack on welcomed us.  I asked if he worked here and he said yes he was about to start.  We where guided to our table with menus. I wanted to try crawfish in NOLA.  So we ordered 3 lbs a salad.  I didnt get my salad so I had to ask.  The lady was kinda irritated about us asking and I finally got it.  I tried the crawfish and didnt like it.  I think it was too salty or maybe I'm used to eating it in a butter sauce.If there ever was a tourist trap restaurant in the quarter this would be it. Horrendous service, long waits, and inedible food. At one point one of the servers began complaining to us about his section and how he wasn't getting sat. DO NOT go here and waste an evening in the French Quarter when there are much better options.Waiter Alex was great!  Never seen anyone work so hard, but what is wrong with the management to put one waiter for fifty people.  I called a month ahead and they lost my reservation.  They must have been short on cooks, because they brought out the dishes over an hour, so some of the group had to wait a long time, while others were done.  The AC could barely keep up.  The floor was slick with grease.  Some of the group liked their meal, but my barbequed shrimp was tough and hard to peel, with an off-taste.  I had to get up and find staff several times to get refills for our drinks.  I let them know a month ahead we would be coming, but they were not staffed and not ready for our group.  Too pricey for what you get...$200 for five adults and four small children.  Lots of better places to eat in the French Quarter.Yummy!  Made my visit to New Orleans a good one!  They had samples of the food plates that looked very yummy so we came in.  The guy at the door was so friendly.  Good service.  And the food tasted so good!  After dinner me and my girlfriend were going to catch a trolly car back to our car.  We asked the guy at the door how to get to it and he actually walked us there.  Then when we got there he suggested we not wait because there were a lot of shady looking characters hanging around.  So I suggested we take a cab instead and he actually walked us out to the main street and hailed a cab for us.  It was like having a friend.  Anyway, besides all that the food was definitely excellent.  The chef even came out to ask if everything was ok.Wow, where to start... Service was super slow. So slow that we got up and left after 45 min. Eggs should not take that long.  Can't review the food, but people around us were not happy with food. Several guys wandering around trying to get unsuspecting customers  to join us in our misery.   Avoid this place.This place is a prime example of how not to run a restaurant.  The wait staff is practically running around.  Service was horrible.  They kept telling me they had run out of ice tea, lemon???  I felt like I was hustled.  Food was truly mediocre with watery gumbo.  Shrimp poboy had the smallest possible shrimps and filled only about half of the roll.  French fries were stone cold and it took 15 minutes to find my waiter and another 15 minutes to get the fries replaced. The restaurant is dirty, floor filthy.  This is a AA owned establishment and I wanted to support their business, but this was the worse eating experience I had during my entire trip.  I would not recommend Montrels.  There are many other better restaurants in the quarter.Only gave it one star because zero stars isnt possible on yelp....Ordered natchez plate....looked like a lot on menu for 38 dollars....when it came out it was a very little plate of food that one person could have easily consumed....It tasted cold and bland....when we complained to the waiter he said oh my god let me get the manager.....15 minutes or so went by and still no manager.......waiter came back with a ticket for meal with 50 percent knocked off and said manager told him to do this that he wasnt coming out of kitchen....we were the only customers in the restaurant....If I was the Owner of this place I would want a chef/manager to handle customer complaints instead of hiding out and serving terrible food.Wanted Jambalaya.  The menu advertised it as made with chicken, sausage and shrimp.  What was served to me was a few spoonfuls of rice with a couple shrimp on top.  (see photos) Disappointed. My dining partner got the shrimp creole and let me taste that and it was much better.  Our server was a little flighty but he did come by to notice that we needed drink refills soon enough.  And yes, the restrooms are up many steps, so keep that in mind.  The saving grace for us was that we sat outside, the weather was lovely, and we could hear the live music from across the street.Food was ok. Service was ATROCIOUS!  Service was so ridiculously awful that I kept waiting for Candid Camera to appear.  We had been given a menu flier as we walked by earlier in the week, and called for a reservation for 7 people for Sat nite after unsuccessful attempts at known restaurants.  My guess is tourist trap.  All of the other review stories about sketchy restroom situation, drinks not coming, not able to decipher bill, computer down, credit card computer down, not able to get 7 glasses of water for 7 people, bad drinks, waiting & waiting for one person's food order to arrive, no menus for 15 min,  no set-ups when salads arrived, bussers not clearing the table, et al.  The list was truly endless.  Scary evening out.  And we probably got charged for water, as did another reviewer, but the bill was illegible  & our group just threw more $ at the bill when we came up incredibly short for the check. But now that I've read about the water scam, that was probably it.Abysmal. STAY AWAY!!! The food is gross, and the service is worse.Bad service.. We left.
My family of five came in and was sat down at a table in the middle of their outdoor area for 10 minutes without the menus, when we reminded the hostess she gave us 4 menus and left us there. The waiters/waitress who were waiting on at the next tables did not even acknowledge us even the menus were in our hands. We left after another 10 minutes  without service for the restaurant across the street.We ate on their patio one late morning for breakfast because our original plan had been to go to Cafe du Monde but the line that crossed from one side of Jackson Square to the other deterred us. We were drawn in by their cute little patio and their $5.99 breakfast platter. Can't beat that!
Our breakfast platter came with eggs in the style of our choice, a slice of toast, bacon or sausage (we went with bacon), hasbrowns and savory grits. None of each option was a huge portion so the whole breakfast plate came together to be quite filling, that plus the chickory coffee with some of their homemade creamer made it a nice breakfast. None of the food was "out of this world" great, but it was all homestyle and tasty. We were actually impressed by the grits, so I guess we caught them on a good day.
The reason I'm rating them only three stars? The service! No one is particularly friendly, but I wouldn't say they're rude they just kind of ignore you. They talk to each other a lot but it took FOREVER to get our order taken, to get our first cup of coffee, even though we were there an hour and a half we only got one refill on the coffee and it sat empty for a long time and we asked for help several times. When it came time for the check we almost just walked it because we had asked to pay so many times it was getting ridiculous. I didn't have a lot of free time on this trip to New Orleans and had I wanted to just sit and enjoy the people watching that would have been fine, but I found it a little annoying.
Want pretty good, cheap breakfasty food? Great option. Want it fast? Go somewhere else!Walked by at lunch at the house was packed so we decided to return for dinner.  The ambiance was very nice and the wait staff was very attentive.  We ordered the grilled pork chops served with garlic mashed potatoes and green beans And the gumbo.  Both entrees were very, very good.  We also got a Planters Punch and bread puddng which were both very tasty.  No complaints and one of the best meals we had during the week.Sloppy service.  Cold food.  Shady characters.  Jambalaya was cold and only had shrimp until one of the servers brought some sausage over on a plate..  Could tell that pork chop was not cooked at order time but earlier and warmed up, still waited as if it was being cooked though.  Lemonade was extra.extra sweet.  Mac & cheese actually tasted great but just because I liked the flavor of melted cheese.   it was more like penee pasta with melted cheese over it but tasted OK.  Frankly I was scared to eat much of my food after the weird atmosphere I was experiencing.STAY AWAY!
This restaurant was by far the worse restaurant I have been to in New Orleans. No, make that anywhere in a big city that prides itself on good food. Fro example, they have a very strange version of a Nawlins classic - barbeque shirmp, which was waaay overcooked shrimp in a sweet sauce that apparently came out of a bottle. The place is also oddly busy, busy, busy but nothing gets done. Broken ceiling fans, too many waiters but none serving the tables, slow, slow entrees. On and on. Also when we complained about the food, I do not believe I have met quite as belligerent a maitre d. He was downright hostile.
New Orleans is a food town. No way can this place survive much longer and they don't deserve to.Service was horrible.  We sat down and watched another couple walk out.  After ten minutes of no service, we were debating whether to leave and hard another couple tell a server that the had ordered 20 minutes ago and didn't even have their drinks.I have to say, I was very surprised at having read some of the other reviews about this place. Obviously I am only a sample of one, but I grew up in the restaurant business, so I believe I have a pretty good eye for what works and what doesn't. 
I never got his name, but the guy who enticed me and my girlfriend to come in and try it out was absolutely hilarious and very accommodating - the waiter we ended up getting even more so... A free $10 plate of crawfish was given to us, just because. Which brings me on to the food: The boiled crawfish was seasoned to perfection and was definitely one of the highlights of the meal. Otherwise, the shrimp creole was mouth-wateringly good and the gumbo was also delicious, tasting very authentic.
I will agree with some of the other reviewers on the state of the bathroom (but I found this to be a  problem all over New Orleans...), but as far as the food and service I received went, I couldn't have asked for more. We sat outside, so I have no big comment to make on the decor, but I was happy with our seating arrangement. 
Would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area looking for a good place for lunch.