While I am a cafe du monde fan through and through, this is a nice little addition to city park and was great after walking around celebration in the oaks.  Sitting and eating was hopeless so we had to get it to go and walk out eating beignetsI was told by a friend who proclaims to know all things New Orleans that Morning Call beignets are as good as Cafe du Monde beignets. As I was already exploring City Park and Morning Call is conveniently located in the park premises, I thought we would see if this bold proclamation holds any water.
Beignets were alright. Honestly, they do not compare to Cafe du Monde's heavenly beignets, but if you were watching your sugar intake, theirs would be a more than sufficient substitute. They do not pile on the powdered sugar, therefore allowing the diner to adjust sugar to their taste. The beignets were pretty good, Cafe du Monde bias aside, and I think I would have been more appreciative had I not been told to expect beignets as good as Cafe du Monde's.
Also on the upside, if you were looking for more than beignets and coffee/hot chocolate, Morning Call also offers real food in their menu (i.e. gumbo, jambalaya, etc) and they also offer alcoholic beverages. The service here was also friendlier than Cafe du Monde's.
If you are in the City Park area and want decent beignets, Morning Call would suffice.Much, much different experience here last time around. Nothing like what I've known them for in the past.
After waiting in the line out the door for about ten minutes, a server yelled out that they have table service so we made our way to one.  After another twenty minutes at the table before having our order taken, i attempt to get the attention of the server who's been in our section taking care of every other table but ours, only to get the 'one-minute-finger' from her. Very rude. she walked back and forth past our table at least another four times without even looking me in my face or acknowledge our presence. That level of disrespect does not sit well with me.
Finally another server (who upon us sitting down, said someone will be with us) seen that we still had not been served and took our orders. He was wildly appreciative of the tip and I just began to wonder if the other server assumed that I would not. Whatever. 
The older, blonde woman with shoulder - length hair and jacked up teeth needs to get her act together. Didn't get her name but that should be descriptive enough.Beautiful setting in a gorgeous park, and the beignets are better than Cafe du Mond. The beignets are light and I love the fact I can add my own powdered sugar and it isn't all over the floor and being wasted in copious amounts a la Cafe du Mond. Cafe au lait was meh, tasted like they didn't use fresh milk but it sufficed when heavily sugared. Well worth a trip down the beautiful Esplanade Ave. There is also a sculpture garden and the New Orleans Museum of Art.My beignets were delicious.  I went as part of a tour and everyone said all the food that they tried was good but I can only personally vouch for the beignets since they were the only thing I purchased.  The staff was also very pleasant and I was served right away which was good because we had to be back on the tour bus by a certain time.The beignets were warm, flakes and delicious!!! There is a shaker of powdered sugar on the table to you can be in control of how much is on your treat. The cafe was busy and a live band played. There were only a few servers so they tried to be as attention e as they could...lol
All in all a good experience.This was the best substitute we could find for Cafe Du Monde.  The service is good, and the beignets are even better.  The only caveat is that the restaurant is not conveniently located near anything.The beignets in Morning Call are way better than Cafe Du Monde.  Cafe Du Monde is more well known because I think they have better marketing. I don't see any advertising for Morning Call, it seems only the locals know of it.  My tip would be, try the beignets in Cafe Du Monde, then try Morning Call's, when you do your own taste test make sure they're both fresh from being cooked then decide, I'm sure you'll agree with me.Delicious beignets and pretty good gumbo.
Tons of seats but I can easily imagine when the tour buses get here, they end up mobbed.
Server takes your order and your cash-- and remember, cash only.
Main detraction was that of the three beignets, the first two were perfect, the third was a little more heavy or overly fried or something. Minor nitpick to be fair, but combine that with the out of the way location (which can be a plus or a minus), and the fact that there's so much competition...
Makes it hard to award a 4* rating.After trying Cafe Du Monde we stopped by this place while in City Park. The beignets here are slightly less dense for people who might prefer that. They also have frozen cafe au lait which was nice with the summer heat.Alligator sausage and crawfish etouffee where phenomenal.  Such a great place to come for a bite to eat when your in the park.  Park is fantastic.Delicious, non doughy beignets. I love their beignets and how they are lighter and not doughy, unlike Cafe Du Monde. Typically the powdered sugar is applied by the customer, but since I ordered to-go, mine came with powdered sugar. The restaurant is open 24/7 and is located inside of City park. Their coffee is on the strong side and they only accept cash.Beignets were good.  Very much the same as Cafe Du Monde.  However, the service and the ambiance were not as great as Cafe Du Monde.  This just takes you back to a different time.  But the floors and tables were all really sticky.So we went on a ghost tour and found this little hidden gem when our tour guide took us to the city park. The Cafe Au Lait as well as the beignets were on point. We ordered a cup of jambalaya at the suggestion of our waiter and it was amazing. Quite honestly, probably one of the best eats we had the entire time we were in New Orleans, and thats saying something.Love the location, am ok with the food.
City Park is one of my favorite places in New Orleans, and having a beignet restaurant in the park is a huge win.  
I am good with the service. I've been here many times, and have had decent service on almost every visit. 
My biggest issue is the beignets. I find them doughy rather than fluffy on the inside and a little crispy on the outside. Being doughy leaves them feeling greasy and heavy. Coming here is definitely easier than going into the quarter, parking, walking to Cafe du Monde and waiting in line during peak times, but hey, it's not Cafe du Monde. Rather than the quarter you get beautiful City Park, and the coffee isn't bad. 
I know I'll visit again.Having time to kill before the Museum opened I went for a walk and came across this place. Thoroughly enjoyed myself here having good beignets and coffee. It's unique and the wait staff were prompt and courteous.Great location and great beignets. The frozen cafe au lait was also great.Great spot really bad service. Busses pulling up. No one even noticing you. No way to go to a widow to get anything to go. The staff is told not to help you unless you have a table even when there are no tables.
For a company around this long and in the middle of a busy park they should be able to figure this out.
Cafe Du Monde is busier but handles it better. I think this old New Orleans institution needs to buck up and show visitors a better side of our city and not send them back to the hotel to use their in room Keurig for their morning coffee.This was a great find.  Its off the beat and path of the more famous beignet place.  These were absolutely delicious.  They were light and fluffy the coffee was great and the atmosphere was truly relaxing.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed sitting out on the patio enjoying the scenery of the park.  We would definitely come here again.  Only gave four stars because it took wayyy too long for anyone to come and take our order.We loved this place! Great location, beignets and coffee. I absolutely love this place - cannot recommend this enough.During my 5 day vacation in NOLA I came 3 days for brunch. Love the beignets and definitely are better than cafe du monde and there is no ridiculous waiting line. It's near the sculpture park, the museum and city park, so location is great (I was staying near city park, so maybe I am biased). Try the crawfish étouffée as it is one of the best in town.I bring the kids here about twice a month. We get there before 9am. That's when the tour buses show up. The wait staff is hit and miss. Some are great and we ask for them by name, others look like they slept under a bridge the night before. 
The beignets are great however overpriced. Not 15 years ago they were under $1 for an order of 3. How about a price for the locals?Overall impression:
Best kept secret of NOLA. I advise coming here for beignets rather than cafe du monde, honestly. 
Beignets(3): $2.42 (including tax)
Positives:
-great service
-cheaper than expected
-delicious beignets (better than cafe du monde)
-no line
-great scenery and ambience
-free parking
Negatives:
-nothing
Ambience:
Beautiful. They have outside seating and indoor and both have the same sort of feel as cafe du monde. Except here, there are ducks and you can sit right next to the water. Also, parking is free and plentiful, there aren't crazy lines, and you actually have room to walk and move around.
Food:
I just had the beignets but both my wife and I decided that these were crispier and fluffier than cafe du monde.
Service:
Superb. As soon as we went in, a nice gentleman in a white uniform and hat came up to us and asked if he could help us. We ordered and got our beignets immediately! Oh yeah, and they gave me 4 for the price of 3, for some reason.
Value:
The beignets are actually cheaper than cafe du monde. And everything else is actually reasonably priced.I didn't realize the beignet is such an overrated dessert until I tried it here today and found out that it was almost a type of breakfast pastry I could easily got in my hometown which I didn't like. So I'll cross out another try. Their hot chocolate is okay for its price, but I do not like their plastic cups. In general this place is lovely and the waitress are kind.Adorable old timey place with cheap beignets and friendly service. A great stop near the park.Fantastic!!!! Location is out of the touristy part but definitely worth the "trip". I would pick morning call over cafe de monde any day. Beignets are much lighter and less doughy.A beautiful location for Cafe au Lait and beignets! Tons of seating in a charming indoor area and even more seating on a great covered patio with a view of City Park. There was no line (unlike Cafe du Monde) and plenty of seating. Service was efficient and friendly and the coffee and beignets delicious. You can add your own powdered sugar to the beignets which is a nice touch as well. As a family of 3, we left with a check from breakfast that cost less than 2 black coffees at Starbucks! Tons of free parking and located right next to the art museum. Definitely recommend!Liked Morning Call more than Cafe du Monde cause the beignets were lighter and you have the option to put as much or as little powdered sugar as you want on them. 
The lines are usually not as long and the experience in City Park is just a little more peaceful than the French Quarter. 
To see photos of what we ordered and where to get some other great beignets, visit our site:
http://eatsporkjew.com/recipes/baking-2/best-beignets-in-new-orleans/We took the VIP city tour (which was excellent) and stopped here for a morning snack. Film crews were set up around the park to film an episode of NCIS! Found out it is the sister restaurant to Cafe du monde so we were able to experience the beignets and cafe au laits without the crazy long wait we would have had at Cafe du Monde. Recommend the frozen cafe au laits! Service was great! Everyone was very friendly! They also had a local jazz duo playing while we are that we would have payed money to see! Highly recommend you add this to your list of places to visit!Stopped here on a tour and was very surprised to find the beignets were much better than cafe Du Monde! Beautiful setting in the park.The sights, the sounds, and the food. 
It is everything you would expect and everything you would need when you are in city park. The beignets are always good. I am not a fan of having to put the powdered sugar on them myself, but tis a small thing to consider. The cafe' au lait though is where it is at! No need to put too much sugar in your coffee, it is just fine as it is.
You can do some sight seeing or listen to some quirky people playing their instruments. Whichever, if you do not know by now, this city is laid back and just enjoying life as it is. 
Whether you just got done with a good run, seen all the sights to see at NOMA, fed the ducks, or just want to enjoy a nice cup of coffee outside, you can not beat Morning Call.We made a quick stop here and we had to try the alligator sausage and beignets. I enjoyed both. The alligator sausage had great flavor.  Quick service.  Load, busy place.  Waiter wasn't very personable. I would recommend trying it though.While the beignets are ok they are not as good as Cafe DuMonde. The Metairie location which is now closed was a nasty filthy place. The location in City Park is the same. Not very clean and personnel are quite up to par.Morning Call is a great place to order fresh beignets while strolling this massive, gorgeous park or sitting on the porch taking in the sun.  Their beignets are softer and more pillow-like in texture than Cafe Du Monde, and just as generous with their powdered sugar.  If you order table side service, you are able to powder them as much as you want.  If you order to go, they give you the beignets in a paper bag filled with powdered sugar, so when you're ready, just shake shake shake! 
ONLY by my preference do I like a bit more crunch to my beignets, but quality and texture, as well as how quickly the line moves in comparison, this place is A-OK!Drunk or otherwise nocturnally active and in want of delicious pillows of fried goodness? No worries head over to City Park and hit up the 24 hour Morning Call stand is at your service. The beignets are not quite as good as Cafe beignet but you can get out of the quarter and go walk the beautiful sculpture garden and enjoy the fresh air. The beignets are thinner than at cafe beignet but delicious non the less.I'm only giving this place a two because I'm from California and never had a beignet before. That being said I tried cafe du monde last night so this place quite literally left a "bitter" if not greasy taste in my mouth. Our server was extremely rude. I ordered the beignet and not a heart beat went by before she rudely corrected me, then walked away without another word. These beignets were flat, not puffy like CDM (cafe du monde). These were also a lot drier and not as moist in the middle. Last but not least the amount of powdered sugar was next to nonexistent. Don't waste your money (even if you're on a tour). Even the coffee was way subpar. I won't even waste my time with a pictureWe recently discovered this fantastic place! Great beignets and cafe au lait but the atmosphere was the best. Wide veranda under Spanish Moss draped Live Oaks. Live music by Sally Sassafras was a hoot!!
Great children's playground right next door.It's a nice coffee spot in City Park. If you want to be away from the crowded Cafe du Monde and hang out in a park with nature view then this would be the place to go. I prefer the cafe au lait at Cafe Du Monde. The beignets here are slightly better.
The biggest problem about this place is the service. We were seated outside for about 10 minutes, no one came to us so we walked inside to call for someone. We waited for another 10-15 mins, still no one. So I just went ahead and ordered inside. 
It wasn't packed and we shouldn't have to wait this long for just coffee and beignets!cafe au lait and beignets were awesome. the gumbo was also really good. the etouffe is ok. everything was quick and easy. the only bad thing was the fact they dont take credit card.Came here around 11:26pm on March 17 for a late night dessert craving. Not many people in the establishment which gave us the advantage for prompt service. The waitress was super friendly and nice and quick with our order. When the coffee and famous beignet came out, it was pure bliss. Coffee was just right as far as taste and the beignet was hot, a little crunchy but perfectly made. The extreme amount of powder sugar I dumped on my beignet sent my taste buds through the roof. 
Best time ever.Not a fan. I'm one of those people who raises their nose unnecessarily at places for being too "touristy" and this  is one of those cases.
Unless you happen to be in the park, this is not a convenient location to anything. Well, it is convenient to the art museum, but go to that first unless you want to be tracking your powdered sugar and sweat all through the museum. It is New Orleans, so they can handle the sweat at least.
The food is a limited menu, which is fine, covering the cajun/creole basics. They don't do them with any particular skill or notability though. So that is three stars at best.
If you really want beignets, why not go to Cafe Du Monde like everyone else? I saw one review mentioned that the powdered sugar on table is a plus, but really, no, not at all. The powdered sugar sitting out in the humid atmosphere (keep in mind, this city is a bayou) means it does not stay powdered. Doing it yourself is a lot more messy than you may imagine from the comfort of your air conditioned home, and thus, results in a lot more powdered sugar (no longer powdered, mind) on your clothes than you might have initially wished for.Rip off artist alert! The beignets are okay but the place runs pretty shoddy. All cash, no change, no receipts. And they also expect tips. 
Cafe du monde is superior by far.We've been to both Cafe du Monde and Morning Call. 
I like the Cafe Au Lait a little better at Cafe du Monde but the beignets are better at Morning Star.... Added bonus you get to sugar them yourself!
Other perks include happier servers and quicker service and no waiting in line!! It's off the beaten path in City Park, which itself is worth checking out. 
Even though I enjoyed the Cafe au Lait a bit better at Cafe du Monde I'd still rate the Morning Call higher over all.If I could give negative stars, I would.  
Went to grab some coffee and beignets and was really looking forward to trying somewhere different. Took a lovely table in the patio section.  The older waiter said "I'll be with you" three times.  Progressively getting more rude. Then he proceeded to stop to take ever other newly seated tables order.  Continued to wait another 20 min and asked him one last time if we could please order. His response was "whatever" and walked away.  Never had such a rude customer service experience in my life. 
We promptly got up to leave.  I'll stick to my favorite Cafe Du Monde. Where the coffee and beignets are amazing and the service is friendly and warm.  
Beware of this place.  Not worth a second of your time.They don't take cash. Be advised. 
If you don't mind fighting to get to cafe du monde, you should go there instead. But if you prefer a less hurried dining experience, this place is just fine. It's also inside City Park, right by the sculpture garden, so it's about as calming as beignets and cafe au lait can be.Nice for going at night and studying...most people don't know that this place is open 24 hours....service is hit or miss.  Sometiems the service is excelltent.  Other times you're searching for a waiter for things.  Truly hit or miss...same with the beignets.  It will never be as good as Cafe Du Monde but it's a good substitute.Better and fresher than cafe du monde.  Instead of piling on the powdered sugar, they give you a shaker of sugar so you can control the amount that you want.  The coffee is good here.  The large cafe au lait comes in a styrofoam cup inside a porcelain mug, which looks pretty funny- definitely not environmentally friendly.  
We came here before exploring City Park, and it was a great way to start the day.  Great location across the street from the sculpture garden!Looking for a late night spot to get some good sized portions of New Orleans food?? This is a great spot. The food portions were sized well and was wonderfully tasty. The only thing was the beignets... they were a bit too hard than what I usually taste. The service was outstanding, smiling faces and big hearts. Nevertheless, this place is great for a quick bite!Frozen ??? Really ?? How hard is it to use fresh dough ?? My coffee cup smelled like dirty dish water. I also ordered crawfish bread it's more like a pizza with red gravy ??? I've never seen anything like it in my life ! The service was great, bless her heart. I wonder if she gets any tips with food that bad.  I just can't believe that city park is allowing them to operate business like that. It's a tourist trap, beware !! I've had better food and coffee in Houston, Tx !! If you ever been to Texas you know what I mean, yes it's that bad.Wonderful outside seating in the park.  Close to the jazz fest venue!  Excellent red beans and rice and crawfish etouffe!Beignets, cafe au lait, spinach and artichoke bread and open 24 hours. What more could you ask for. We actually happened upon it twice today and didn't even plan it that way. Clean restrooms and friendly staff.The menu is nearly the same as Cafe Du Mande and it's just as good without the long touristy wait. It's open 24/7 and a fantastic New Orleans staple.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Stayed in Nola for 5 days and we came back to this stand several times for the beignets. They have take out and sit down service, I'd recommend sitting outside if it's nice out, or taking it to go and walking through City Park! Do not sleep on this place, it's incredible. The beignets are fresh, warm, and the perfect texture. I ate so many of these I don't even want to know the quantity.On Saturday, September 17th, my 13 year old daughter and I started our morning pretty early. I was scheduled to meet with a client and she had homework to complete in preparation for a tutoring session right after. We headed over to Morning Call in City Park, as we often do because the hours are great, the people are nice, and the coffee is good. As I met with my client, my daughter sat at a table finishing up her lesson over a bottle of milk. When my meeting was over at 9:46 a.m. , I went inside to grab my daughter, so we could rush over to her tutoring session. She wasn't there. I started to panic , as most mothers would looking all over, as maybe I had the wrong table. I still didn't see her. I went to the outside tables, next to the park area, and while all of the tables were filled, still no her. I was terrified!!! A couple minutes later, she spotted me and walked over from the park bench. Flustered, I asked her why she left her table, inside. She said the manager asked her to leave!  I asked her what happened and she said she had to leave because a larger group came in and they needed her table. I have never, as a paying customer, been asked to leave my seat for another table. I went over to express my discontent to Paul, the manager. He stated that he needed the table and didn't know how long she had been sitting there. He said it is not a library, and she cannot just hangout. As we had arrived at 9:15, I would not consider sitting at a table for 30 minutes, after making a purchase hanging out. Her bottle of milk was still mostly full, if that is to be the indication of when a customer is to leave. I expressed to Paul that I didn't think it was good practice to do this again to someone else.As he continued looking down at his notepad, never even making eye-contact with me he said he couldn't promise he wouldn't do it again. With much disappointment, this experience does not make me want to visit one of my favorite places, if this is how we will be treated.Self touted as New Orleans' "most famous coffee drinking place", Morning Call has been serving café au lait and beignets to New Orleanians and visitors alike since 1870.  So trust me when I say that they know what they're doing.  
For all you non New Orleanians who never heard of café au lait or beignets (blasphemy), here's the quick and dirty version.  Café au lait is simply a rich chicory coffee brewed in the "French drip" method.  But what sets it apart is that it is mixed nearly 50/50 with whole milk that is served just below boiling.  Trust me (again) when I say that it's something special.  Beignets are a hand cut puffed donut, similar to a fritter (no holes) that are fried and served hot.  They are meant to be topped with powdered sugar, and the more the better. 
The original location on Decatur Street in the French Quarter moved to Metairie, LA back in the 1970's.  However, it's the City Park Casino location that I prefer for a few reasons.  The "Casino" building in which it is located is as old as I remember and is part of New Orleans' history.  I also like the City Park location better as you can sit outside and enjoy the park's views while you enjoy your café au lait and beignets. Even though this location gets a lot of tourist activity, especially in the form of tour busses, it's still my go to spot.  And it's open 24/7 every day of the year except for Christmas day.
I have never ordered anything off the menu except for café au lait and beignets; and chocolate milk for my kid.  And speaking of kids, this place is totally kid friendly.  As a bonus, there's a playground next door and an entire park for your kids to run around.
Next time you want café au lait and beignets and don't want to fight the French Quarter traffic or don't want the hustle and bustle of Metairie, LA, try Morning Call in City Park.When the beignets come out hot, they are the best in New Orleans.  And the crawfish etouffee is the best item on the menu.  And you're in city park so the view and people watching is fantastic.  If you are visiting New Orleans, you need to check out Morning Call.We stopped here for lunch while enjoying walking around the park. We got the crawfish etoufee and mini muffulettas. Both items were tasty and pretty fairly priced. Service was prompt and friendly. They only accept cash as payment, but there's an ATM inside. The server offered the full amount of change back and we told him what to keep for a tip. All in all, we were pleasantly surprised with the food here.- Gator sausage is actually pretty good here.
- Easy, free parking, no lines, in and out in minutes
- very good cafe au lait (better than cafe du monde)
- beignets are okay (cafe du monde is better)A friend of mine suggested this place since he grew up in the area. He must have known me well because this was by far the greatest thing I've ever tasted. He also let me know that Morning Call was the "original" Cafe du Monde, but they actually split up into two locations: Morning Call and Cafe du Monde. I went to the other place. It was awful.
The beignets were perfect. Perfectly fried, perfectly light, and perfectly paired with a cafe au lait. It wasn't heavy or thick at all, and I think that's what a beignet was supposed to be. I ended up getting an iced cafe au lait about an hour after, but it wasn't as great as I had hoped. I actually got a stomachache from it, but the experience of Morning Call and their beignets was excellent. The server was also very nice and showed us what a praline was and how it looked. He even let us try a little.
Great experience sitting outside, great scenery, and impeccable service. I can't wait for my next beignet at this place!Beignets beignets beignets & coffee. It's simple & sweet. I like adding my own powdered sugar and they are lighter than café du monde.Tried it on a lark; loved the beignets. Came back a second time to share with traveling companion. Better than Café du Monde, to which I was previously religiously faithful.The beignets here were delicious, and the staff incredibly sweet. Friends of mine told me before I visited that I HAD to go to Cafe du Monde, but with a fraction of the hassle/crowd and a much calmer environment (right in City Park) I'm quite pleased with the result.We came here around 1:30/2 am the other night, and decided to eat outside. It took a little while for the server to come out and greet us, but she was very sweet. There weren't any other people there when we first arrived, but a few groups came through later on. We got three orders of their beignets and some coffee. The waitress put cream in our coffee before she brought it to the table, but we didn't ask her to, we wanted it black. We drank it any way though and it was fine. The second round we asked her to keep it black,  which she did.  The beignets came unpowdered which i liked, and we had powdered sugar at the tableso we could make our beignets a winter wonderland.  Event was very affordable.Best beignets in town! I like these way better than cafe du monde! Soooo good not as doughy!!My daughter and I visited this past weekend while out doing our weekend running around. City Park was pretty busy but we were quickly able to find parking. We found a table at Morning Call and were promptly greeted. I ordered crawfish bread and my daughter ordered red beans and rice. Both were pretty tasty. We then ordered beignets and soft serve ice cream which was wonderful since it was a warm day. We sat outside and people watched for about 45 minutes while we ate. 
I visited this location and few weeks ago with a friend and noticed Mango Freeze was on the menu. I had a Mango Freeze twice last year at Jazz Fest and enjoyed it so much I was patiently waiting for this year's Jazz Fest. I was delighted to discover that I no longer had to wait for Jazz Fest to get a delicious Mango Freeze. I could get one here anytime for less!!! 
The service here is super friendly and efficient. The food is tasty and affordable. We got all that plus a coke for just over $20. Since this location is open 24 hours per day, I will certainly be back. Maybe in the wee hours of the morning one night when I'm having insomnia.These beignets were incredible!  I would've given 5 stars if they put the powdered sugar on in the kitchen - we had to do it ourselves at the table and it took forever to shake on.  The coffee also wasn't as good as Cafe du Monde's, but you didn't have the madness to deal with.  Plenty of seating and in such a great location.
Crawfish pie......just eh.  Wouldn't get it again.
They only take cash.Lovely joint. Live saxophone player. Fresh and HOT from the fryer beignets. Happy and helpful staff. CASH ONLY. (Much better than Cafe du Monde!) I only want these beignets. Total cost for three orders, a frozen AND a large cafe au lait: $18.30. It's a steal compared to its competitors and in a great location by NOMA.Rude employees and slow service. I just wanted beignets to go. They couldn't seem to make that happen. Don't know why I even stopped in.BEIGNETS ARE DELICIOUS - I went to cafe du monde and cafe beignets, but this place absolutely beats the other two in how good they are. Sooooo worth it. We were on a tour and only had 20 mins to get whatever-- we got a couple cheap hot dogs which were just that- cheap hot dogs ($3 each), the cokes are in the bottle which is always cool. They were super quick with great prices and we were walking on air with those beignets!This is actually a lot nicer and more convenient spot than either Cafe du Monde or Morning Call's other horrible location in a strip mall.  This location is aesthetically pleasing both inside and out with the panoramic awesomeness of City Park all around you.  They also serve their beignets  without powdered sugar so you add your personally desired amount.  Kicking it up an even higher notch than Cafe du Monde is they also have real food and other desserts in addition to just coffee and beignets.  
You might not get the same level of people watching weirdness here as you do in the French Quarter but you do get a much better selection, convenient parking and AIR CONDITIONING inside or you can choose to sit outside on nicer days.  The other awesomeness about this location is that it is 24 hours so a very needed spot in this area of the city.  I'm not really much of a coffee and beignets person but I like this place!
One big minus is that its CASH ONLY!  Redeeming quality is that most things are so cheap it won't cost much cash.The beignets are pretty flavorless and rely on powder sugar for taste, don't have enough stand alone flavor without it. They come cheap but for me I rather get them elsewhere. They have other dishes I didn't try, other than that it's a nice place to have in a park.One star for being open 24 hours a day in a great location, and one star for being so cheap ($2.18 for one order of beignets).  Other than that, you're better off skipping this location.  
We showed up around 11:30 PM after a work Christmas party.  They were moderately busy because Celebration in the Oaks is going on now, but had several empty tables.  We sat and waited for a server..and waited.....and waited....Finally the only server we saw stopped clearing a table next to us and we asked if we could order from him.  He said, "Oh, yeah let me get a server for you," and then disappeared inside.  Five minutes later, he emerged from the building and immediately went to help a large group that had just walked up gather chairs so they could all sit down.  Then he started taking their order!  
At that point we were too annoyed to waste any more time and grabbed one order of beignets to go.  The beignets were warm and fresh, but half smashed and didn't have enough powdered sugar on them so they weren't very sweet or light--the whole point of beignets.  I guess we'll wait and try it again when Celebration in the Oaks isn't going on...My little neighborhood duck off for beignets. Beats the hassle of Cafe du Monde and you have the added bonus of enjoying a seat or stroll in City Park. They have amazing cafe au lait, low cost beer, decent jambalaya and they are open 24 hours! No need to worry about safety either. There is always a quick response by police, so there must be a police post within the park. I used to come here to study and hook up to the WiFi.
If you have never accidentally snorted powder sugar while eating beignet, you have yet to live.Cafe au lait is yum but beignets were just okay. If you only have space in your belly for one serving of beignets, go to cafe du monde for sure! Beignets are served with sugar on the side -- while preferable for some, I just found it way too messy and not as pleasurable. Still, a nice place to chill if you're near City Park...I freaking love New Orleans. This place is everything. An incredible setting on City Park that is serene and oh so Southern, with perfect beignets and to die for chicory cafe au laits. This is a slice of divinity near the bustle of the city. Do yourself a favor and skip Du Monde... this is the real deal. 
They also are happy to do to-go if you smile sweetly and they aren't that busy, but do yourself a favor and relax under the shade and unwind in the presence of the old oak trees and the warm breeze. This is a peace that is Southern through and through!I see why this place has such a mediocre rating. The coffee was piping hot but the donuts were ice cold. As quick as it takes to fry a donut, on a slow night they should be able to cook them to order. The one thing I do like is that they are open 24 hours with wifi so I can get some late night work done with little distractions.I started my Sunday morning here, after the Uber drive recommended  I try this place instead of battling for a spot in the French Quarters. The Cafe Au lait and Beignets were superb. My friend and I were able to grab a seat quickly, order was brought out piping hot..the rest is history. There was live music playing not to loud so we were able to chit chat and people watch.  The Sculpture Garden Is a few steps away, perfect chance to walk some of that powdered sugar off..lol. I like the location because it was close to the streetcar which was something I wanted to ride while being in NOLA.I visited New Orleans mid-March 2015 and had my only beignet experience here. The atmosphere was a little hectic, but finding a seat wasn't a problem. The staff was friendly, and the beignets were tasty. I ate here before exploring City Park, then again on the day I was leaving. Definitely recommend!Yummy yummy and best of all OPEN 24/7----midCity livin,,,,,,,,, visors..check it out. In the early morning hours, my fav time, the service(staff) is a......bit lethargic & confused ! But the food takes first placeThis place does not seem to know customer service at all. We sat down and waited for a server to come by. They were a little busy, so we didn't mind waiting for a little. We tried waving down the servers walking by us but they just ignored us. The group next to us, who came about 10 minutes after us, were helped immediately. The 2 tables on the other side of us waved for a server but were also ignored. You have THREE tables waving for a server and still choose to walk by without helping, what kind of customer service is that? At least acknowledge us by saying "we'll be right with you". But no, we were basically invisible to them. Didn't even get to try their beignet. We just got up and left. Was not going to give this establishment my money for horrible service. Actually there was no service provided at all. If I could give zero stars I would. So don't sit near the walls. You literally have to sit right next to the cashier to be able to receive any acknowledgement or walk up to them to tell them you want to order...which kills the point of "your server will come to you". Wasted 30 minutes sitting there and being ignored. Unbelievable...the workers looked like the hated their job and didn't look happy at all. If you hate your job, then that's your problem. No need to treat your customers rudely. I wanted to like this place but the service here is just absolute CRAP.My first time to this location but big fan of the old one!  We took my cousins from Oklahoma who don't know NOLA food.  Our server, Dalila, made sure to bring samples for us to try.  I couldn't decide so she let me have 2 half orders!  We had red beans & rice, etoufee, gumbo, mini muffulettas and beignets.  It was all awesome!  But the service from Dalila made it so much better!I have been to NOLA many times and always went for my coffee down in Jackson Square. 
But this year, I found this place and wow! 
The food and coffee are amazing! NO huge line to wait for service. They come to your table to check on you and make sure you have all you need! It's very clean here and you don't have people asking for money at every turn! 
You will love it here!!!I love their spacious new space on Canal Boulevard at City Park Avenue, and I particularly love their café au lait and beignets, and the fact that you add your own powdered sugar, or not. I only wish they took credit instead of being cash-only.Fantastic service. Very sweet hispanic woman and an older thin white man. Amazing atmosphere.
The beignets were good. Fluffier and less crusty than Du Monde.
Morning Call has been around a long long time. It's an original business. 
Walk the cemetery across the street after these amazing donuts!I'll miss the old CP location but other than the tight parking here at this new spot I can't complain. Expect great table service, and excellent beignets. It's cash only as they've always been, but they have an ATM inside. 
Beignets to go are powdered in sugar, expect a little grease on the paper bag.
Beignets served 3 to a plate are not powdered. This is great as most people I know like them powdered differently. Some like a little, some make the table look like they're Scarface.
Pro-tip: I find that turning the powdered sugar upside down and knocking on the bottom a few times works best.
Better parking and card payments would make this 5 stars for me.Delicious beignets. We stopped here on the way to the 2nd cemetery, on our cemetery tour. This place is my 2nd favorite beignet place. Warm delicious, little pillows of powdered sugar heaven. Fast and friendly staff, they get you in and out.This was the first stop on our Beignet Crawl and it ruined me. I had set a one-beignet per stop rule that I broke right away. Of the four places we picked, Morning Coffee was our unquestioned favorite. 
First off, the gentleman waiting on us was wonderfully friendly. We sat down, placed our order for cafe au lait and two orders of beignets. The coffee was actually served in a cup and it was perfect. It was full-flavored without being bitter. 
The beignets came undressed a minute later. If you're wanting tons of powdered sugar, this is not the place. It's kept in shakers on the table, and being outside with a gentle breeze caused me to get more on myself than I did on the beignet. The crazy thing is that these don't need it. The beignets are wonderfully puffy clouds of heavenly goodness. They are the lightest I've ever had. I had two of them scarfed down before my wife reminded me I was only going to have one. 
Our other stops were the New Orleans Coffee and Beignet Co., Cafe Beignet on Canal and Cafe du Monde. All good, but none came close to Morning Coffee.Fresh, FRESH and more Fresh. These things literally melt in your mouth! They were fast, provided excellent customer service and did I mention the beignets were FRESH??!! My go to spot for beignets and chocolate milk. EASY!!!Went to Morning call for the first time since opening this location and I loved it. My mother even enjoyed it. I like how it sits on the corner of Canal and City Park. We sat on the porch enjoying our beignets and frozen coffee as we enjoyed the cool breeze and watched the cars, people and street cars go by. My beignets and frozen coffee was all my heart desired and had be craving all week. I will try to visit more often. The staff was great. I am so glad they reopened at this location.So we came here years ago  to visit and loved the beignets when it was located somewhere else I can't remember where it was located. We planned to come here to Nola a few years ago and heard this place closed. But while visiting this time I googled morning call again and low and behold they were BACK!! It did not disappoint either!Wish I could give zero stars. As a N.O. native and nearby resident, I really wanted to like this place after seeing how much $ the owners poured into this corner to transform it into a beautiful attraction. Unfortunately, the same old problem exists here that afflicts cafe du Monde in city park: overly-priced coffee ($3.50 for a tiny cup) that's not the least bit warm, and beignets that were not the least bit hot or fresh. Went on a slow Wednesday night, so they can't claim quality suffered because of crowds. To add insult to injury, FIVE DIFFERENT PEOPLE stood on the sidewalk just a few feet from the outdoor tables, blowing nasty cigarette smoke our way. Managers/servers couldn't have cared less. Such a shame. This could be such a wonderful destination for locals, but I predict it will become yet another sad and embarrassing New Orleans tourist trap for unsuspecting visitors who will return to Cincinnati feeling as ripped off as we were.Rating it this way to get it read.
Great  coffee and great location......!!!!!!
Parking an issue for ANY sized vehicle as the whole place appears to be squeezed into a small space.
Can't imagine the difficulty when the announced Bud's Broiler gets opened next door.
Two issues:
A large cafe au lait is SIX US DOLLARS..............!!!!!!!
And the  to go cover they provide is the EL CHEAPO GUARANTEED TO DRIP  model.I enjoyed the beignets and iced cafe au lait that I had. It was in a non congested area so my friend and I didn't have to wait on an hour long line. There are also some lovely cemeteries in the area!I'm so glad Morning Call is back! This was my first visit to the new location. It's nice! There's plenty of seating (outdoor and indoor). I had mini muffulettas, beignets and a cafe au lait. Everything tasted like I remembered from the old locations. Ask for the beignets in a bag. You'll thank me later! Service was good for the most part...we had to wait a bit to get our check and pay. The parking situation was way better than expected. There's considerable parking both behind and on the side of the building. Street parking is also available. 
#ThankYouThursday2021Being a New Orleanian, I grew up eating beignets mainly at one of two places (Cafe Du Monde or Morning Call). The one I frequented the most was Morning call on 17th St behind Lakeside Mall. That location was there for decades and I have a lot of memories there. Unfortunately that location closed down a few years ago but reopened on Canal Blvd.
The current Morning Call is so much better than that Lakeside location. It is big and spacious now. The interior has numerous tables. There are even outdoor tables that overlook the streetcar.
The service here is what is really the star! All of the staff have been working there for years. Some for decades. They know all the regulars and treat them like friends. Gladys, in particular, goes above and beyond with all of her customers. Wonderful customer service every time she serves you!
The beignets and cafe au lait are the best in the city! Come to this location for a true New Orleans beignet experience.Best beignets in the city. I liked them better than Cafe du Monde. The staff is much more friendly as well.Yummy beignets. Delicious Café au Lait. Nice, efficient & quick waitress. Limited parking. New location looks clean & nice inside; handicap ramp outside & sidewalk needs cleaning/pressure washing to make doggie poo go away. Don't like that the waiter taking a break is smoking his cigarette in the outdoor seating area, even if it's more on the Bud's Broiler side.Best beignet in town! My family and I have dined here multiple times since it opened, and every meal has surpassed expectations.After attending college in New Orleans during the 70's, we make an effort to visit as often as possible. During our current visit, we had a  disappointing beignet experience near Jackson Square. Upon a recommendation from a local restaurant, we took a lovely streetcar ride to Morning Call. It was the best decision of our trip!  The beignets were light, hot and delicious. We added the amount of powder sugar that we wanted and even dipped the beignets in the steaming café au lait. 
The café was beautiful and clean, and the wait staff  was friendly and professional. We were fortunate to meet Robert, one of the owners, who shared the history of his family's business. We highly recommend that every visit to New Orleans include at least one visit to Morning Call.So pleased to dine at the newly reopened Morning Call on Canal Street. We thoroughly enjoyed our Mini Muffalettas, Beignets and Cafe Au Lait. My husband, a New Orleans native, and his friends insist that Morning Call has the best Beignets in town. Having tried them all, I wholeheartedly agree. The tourists head to the other place, which has fine beignets, but I will head to Morning Call every time I am in NOLA.Cold!! I Received Beignets cold, I wanted to go in and request another remake, but I had already gone in to have my coffee remade! The Coffee was good, but not worth the stop alone!! 
I ordered a large coffee and received a small and instead of making it "right" I was charged the extra for the additional size despite the server's mistake. 
Overall, the area creates a beautiful atmosphere, and the Morning Star seems to have a manager-(tall male with a really low haircut/ bald head) who was very involved with the operations and appears to care about the customer experience.I am so happy they are back!  Their cafe au lait is so much better than CDM in City Park!  And you get table service here.  There is limited parking in the rear.  Highly recommended!Don't come here! We were served by a "waiter" with three teeth in his mouth. How would I know this? Well, he kept removing his filthy mask to speak to us. During these times with Covid, I would expect better. The water cups were spotted and each time he refilled our water he would mix our cups up. We ordered two blended coffees and they're not made to order. It's poured out of a machine, much like you would find at a 7-11. We also ordered a mango freeze, and it was a frozen rock pre poured in a styrofoam cup. The beignets were not much better. Served warm with no powdered sugar. But don't worry, our three toothed waiter proceeded to dust our table and us with powdered sugar from the dispenser on the table. Our ticket was $16.00 and the waiter said the mango freeze was on the house since he initially forgot to bring it out. We paid our ticket then left to catch the trolley. We had been sitting on the trolley for several minutes when our server got on board and loudly stated that we stole the mango freeze and that we owed five dollars. We paid him and realized this guy was nuts as he continued to accuse us loudly of stealing. Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place.Not sure how long this location has been open. But, they were just as good as the Metairie location!!!! 
Cafe au late was hot and bengeits were fresh and SERVED ON A PLATE!!!! NOT A PAPER SACK!!!!
Wait staff seemed happy to be there and eager to assist!!! This will always be our GO TO COFFEE AND DONUTS PLACE in NOLA!!!!!Asked where to find the best beignet and was told Morning Call. Coffee is delicious and the beignet's were so good! Highly recommend.The new location is finally open!!!   Some old favorite pieces from the old store made it over to the new location to add some nostalgia.  The new space is large and inviting.  The coffee and beignets are as good as they always have been.  This spot is only short of parking so that will be the only challenge you might encounter.
My video review of Morning Call is here:
https://youtu.be/3UngE0W8VgUIt's back. In a new location, with a replica of the original wooden arch from the first location in Metairie -- the one that was in city park. And they have actual food!I was just here thanks to my friend and New Orleans local Shannon S. I heard a lot about this place and am really glad to make this new discovery, thank Shannon! 
After months of anticipation, a beloved local mainstay for beignets and cafe au lait has returned to New Orleans. Morning Call Coffee Stand's new cafe at Canal Boulevard and City Park Avenue opened over the weekend, on Saturday, March 27, 2021 I was there the next day on the 28th. 
The cafe is at 5101 Canal Boulevard and has been in the works since January 2020, when the owners signed a lease for the building alongside the owners of Bud's Broiler, which is another lost local brand that will return when it opens next door, in the same building, later this year. Morning Call closed its last location in City Park's Casino Building in January 2019 after losing their lease so I'm sure there's lots of locals will very happy to have this old favorite back. 
I understand that New Orleanians have been in two camps,  Cafe du Monde people and Morning Call people. I've never been a local but as a regular visitor I've always been a regular at Cafe du Monde but now I am also a big fan of Morning Call, I get it :-) 
Morning Call got its start at New Orleans's French Market 150 years ago, when the riverfront strip was the city's primary hub for food and shopping. It moved out to Metairie in 1974 (Cafe du Monde stayed at the French Market) The new Morning Call has a cool  design with a bar stucture as a centerpiece, topped by an arched sign lit with bare bulbs and flanked by mirrors, that's reminiscent of 
an old-timey soda fountain. There's lots of tasteful covered outdoor seating on the front patio, with ceiling fans, and that's important during New Orleans summers. Overall the neuvo design with neon lights it has an allure that's both attractive and comfortable. 
Onto the food, I had the best Cafe au Lait I've ever tasted and my beignets were quite good too. I really like that they are served naked with a shaker of powdered sugar, so you can have them the way you like 'em, with nine, a little or a lot. I also got some cool looking mini mufalettas, or as I called them mufaletta sliders to go. When I picked up my sweetheart at the train she had them and had nothing but good things to say about the taste and that's good enough for me. 
In addition the coffee and beignets they also serve jambalaya, gumbo, mufalettas and red beans and a coming soon "treats". I also understand that they have applied for a liquor license. While hours will eventually be 24/7 as the sign advertises, they're limited by coronavirus restrictions for now and is currently open daily from 7 am to 10 pm. 
Bottom line: I liked the whole experience, atmosphere, friendly staff, clean and tasty food, I highly recommend it! 
For an in-depth look at this business I highly recommend checking out Shannon S. vLog video review on his Nola Gent YouTube channel at:
https://youtu.be/3UngE0W8VgU
I'm also in it :-)I am so happy that Morning Call is back in action. Personally, I have always liked the beignets from here over Café Du Monde. I'm  not sure why. Maybe the other place has become too commercialized. 
Anyway, the beignets were delicious and just as I remembered. Light, crispy, soft and hot! I ordered a serving, which is 3 and could've easily eaten two more servings. I also had the iced cafe au lait. There is something about the coffee with chicory that gets me everytime.
Aside from the delicious beignets, they also serve jambalaya, red beans, gumbo and a few other items.
The new home for these delicious donuts couldn't be in a better spot. It's right on the streetcar line and a hop, skip and a jump from City Park. Don't forget when you visit that they only accept cash, however they have conveniently placed an ATM right inside just in case.I like that this place has parking, thought it's tight parking. 
The coffee and hot choc were good. 
I thought the beignets were horrible!!!!
I knew they didn't come powdered and that I would have to powder them myself, but this was a hassle and I would rather them come to the table powdered. 
They are airy, which is why I wanted to try this place. The problem is that they are very greasy when you bite into one. I ate half of one and was grossed out. 
My husband ate only 1 of his- he agreed on the nasty taste. 
I will def stick to what I like and know, and go to cafe du monde down the street.First time here and the Beignets were amazing.  Hands down the best that we had during our stay in NOLA. Service was great and we enjoyed it.If you want the world's best Beignets, this is where you go. Cafe Du Monde doesn't even compare. Here, the beignets are light, crispy, and fluffy on the inside. They're actually open 24 hours, as opposed to the times yelp has. Great location, historic restaurant, and excellent food. Oh, and in case you wanted something besides coffee and beignets, they've got New Orleans classics like jambalaya, etoufee, red beans and rice, and muffalatas. It's all great! The only downside is cash only, but there are multiple ATMs on sight.We ended up at Morning Call by recommendation and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience Robbie was our server and he was phenomenal and really made us feel right at home. The beignets and hot chocolate was wonderful!$7 for an iced coffee?!?! That's robbery.
The coffee was good and the beignets were fine but the price was outrageous. The place itself is pretty and they had a jazz band which was nice but don't get conned into paying $7 for a coffee!!!!! RidiculousStopped here in between the night time cemetery tour and was surprised how good the beignets are. They are hot & fresh and come out fast! Bring cash and don't forget to tip. The coffee didn't taste so goodI visited on a weeknight and it was busy! The menu is only on the wall, and they only take cash (but there are ATMs in case you forgot cash). The beignets are airy and come without sugar so that you can add however much powdered sugar you desire. The cafe au lait was good but really not for me, I felt like it wasn't quite strong enough. 
There were plenty of servers ready to take your order and our beignets and cafe au lait came out really quickly. 
This is not the type of coffee shop that I would come to for working or reading as I like a quiet and peaceful atmosphere.  It's a huge space with a concrete floor and metal tables/ chairs, so the sound really carries. While we were there, quite a few people came in and out, including a local ghost tour bus. 
The entire staff was very friendly and helpful.Y'all! Do yourself a favor & skip THAT OTHER Beignet Place; Head to the new Morning Call location on Canal Street, across from the Red Line stop. Excellent beignets with fast & friendly service!I have missing morning call!! Was such a nice treat to be able to bring my son and let him enjoy the wonderful beignets! We got here around 11 on a Sunday morning and the customer service was fantastic. We ended up sitting outside, they brought my son a hat and our beignets and my coffee came out in about 5 min! We enjoyed watching the cars pass, the streetcar and the beautiful weather! I cannot wait to come back! Perfect location! 
Ps parking in the back is a little limited but grateful that they have parking !Morning Call is back!
I was so excited to see that this new location of Morning Call has finally opened! The gorgeous new building has tons of outdoor seating and the staff is as fantastic as ever. If you have been missing Morning Call's delicious beignets and cafe au lait, this new venture won't disappoint. They have all the classic delicious on the menu, including other bites like red beans and rice. 
I stopped in for some tasty cold cafe au lait and sit outside and watched the world go by on a lovely spring day. The weather couldn't have been nicer and the staff could not have been more efficient. I didn't partake in the beignets this time, but Morning Call beignets are some of my favorites. 
I'm so glad that Morning Call has found a home in the City Park area. Judging by the crowd today, I predict that there's going to be a lot of people getting their beignet fix at this spot, in the future.
The only negative I see is the tight parking. It's very limited, and the lot is small, so be careful, especially when you are looping around the building trying to find a spot. Other than that, I have zero complaints.
I am definitely going to make this a regular stop.Best beignets in town. Soft and fresh and you can add as much powdered sugar as you like. Their cafe au lair is so good! Poured to order, not in giant dispensers like another popular coffee stand. Quick, friendly service. Definitely recommend.We arrived 15 minutes before opening having just returned from dropping our son off at the airport. The owner spotted us in the parking lot and invited us in. Enjoyed a lovely chat while the coffee was brewing and the oil was heating. Beautiful space and wait staff was most welcoming. Very clean. Delicious coffee and the beignets we brought to our grands were scoffed down. Nice views of oak trees and cemetery from insideThe best Cafe Au Lait!!
I totally love the Cafe Au Lait and Beignets. This is one of the best places in New Orleans to get a cafe au lait. You can get other things on the menu to get your red beans and rice or gumbo fix. It's in an area with a nice view so you can eat outside or indoors.Watch them make your beignets! So light and fluffy. Sit outside and watch the street cars, look at the cemetery, wonderful porch to enjoy. I wish I'd gotten the name of the young man who took our order, he was so sweet and enjoyed a bit of the sunset with me. Two tour guides recommend going here to try their beignets! Great feel, fully staffed, clean, looks like the locals go here.Stopped by Morning Coffee Stand while on the VIP Tour. My husband and I took the tour twice and both times they stop here for a small intermission. This was our second time here. The first time, we did not get anything. We just sat outside and enjoyed the weather. This time we decided to actually sit outside on the patio and try their beignets and iced coffee. Their beignets were ok. I totally forgot I normally get the coffee hot and add sugar. Remember here in New Orleans, they have the Chicory coffee served as Au Lait. It's coffee mixed with milk. I had this put over ice and it was whew, bitter. That's when I remembered I add sugar to it, but I couldn't because I got it iced this time. Lol! Their beignets were just ok to me. They were not better than Cafe Du Monde. They were fresh and just came out the fryer but Cafe Du Monde still has my heart! What I didn't like about these beignets were they don't serve them with powder sugar on them. They have shakers on the table for you to be able to put your own amount of sugar on the beignets. I like the way Cafe Du Monde does it, they come out served with powder sugar piled on top. I love that! I didn't like that you had to put your own powder sugar on Morning Coffee Beignets. The shakers barely worked so I didn't get as much powder sugar on my beignets as I'd like! Overall, this was a nice to try but it wasn't better than my go-to, Cafe Du Monde!Obviously, the new location is not as nice as the old one, but that's not their fault, and the new location still has a nice patio with a view of the cemetery and is right next to the streetcar station. They still have the pretty arch thing inside. And they are still cash only but have an ATM inside. There is a small parking lot. The beignets and cafe au lait are yummy, and you add your own sugar. It's way less busy than the Cafe du Monde in the French Quarter.Rating it this way to get it read.
Great  coffee and great location......!!!!!!
Parking an issue for ANY sized vehicle as the whole place appears to be squeezed into a small space.
Can't imagine the difficulty when the announced Bud's Broiler gets opened next door.
Two issues:
A large cafe au lait is SIX US DOLLARS..............!!!!!!!
And the  to go cover they provide is the EL CHEAPO GUARANTEED TO DRIP  model.I haven't been to the new Morning Call on Canal Blvd, and I never will given my past experiences with their operation while located in City Park.  IMO it closed because of lack of quality management that resulted in rude, slow service and dirty facilities. And now the owner refuses to follow the vaccine mandate in the city because it's apparently too much trouble--to be a good community citizen that is. Morning Call has been a loser since they left the French Quarter and it appears that this current attitude will make it only a matter of time before they run their newest location into the ground as well.They took the time to build this nice new building, but can't take credit or debit cards? And there's no signs that say cash only til you're at the counter. They did make sure to take the time to put an ATM up outside that charges you a dollar plus whatever fees your bank charges. I took my money to Cafe Du Monde in the park insteadCASH ONLY! There are ATMs avaliable at your convenience though. 
What a new, beautiful and clean building. As of mid August 2021 with the Orleans parish proof of vaccination status requirement, they're also able to accommodate one's who aren't vaccinated or can't show proof of being covid free by having outdoor seating. There is a designated parking lot but the one in the back of the building is narrow and tight. So be careful if your have a larger size car. 
Three hot, airy beignets per order, served plain without powder. There are powder shakes on the tables and with a few pats on the bottom, you'll get some. Get yourself a cafe au lait to compliment the beignets. Afterwards, a mango freeze. Weird to have a sweet dessert after coffee but just do it. It's so good! They offer other things on the menu too, like crawfish etouffee and muffeletta. 
If you don't want or like the dirty, smelly CDM experience, then this place is for you.So glad to see this place again and its now closer to my house. Im hoping they will open 24hours soon. Right now they close at 10pm. I dont knownif it's me but the begniets seem to be getting smaller, definitely pricier over time. 
I grew up with morning call in Metairie. I would go clubbing in Fat City and end my night with my friends with some cafe at last and these powdery fluffy of fried dough. So its very nostalgic for me.
Now that they have relocated closer to City Park, I feared that it just wouldn't be the same. I was right, its not...but thats not a bad thing. 
Morning call has been given a rebirth. Newer, bigger, more accessible, brighter. I loved that they kept the arch and tried to keep some of the nuance of the old place. I also noticed that business seems to be much better now that they're located near the park. When I got here, there were 3 tour busses  parked outside and a huge line of people making to go orders.
Despite the lines, there was plenty of seating..even outdoors. We sat, greeted by a server, and promptly served or beverage and begneits. Still delicious as ever. I loved the seating outdoors. It has a great view of the street cars and the cemetery off at the distance. Just a good New Orleans vibe.
If you haven't been yet, check it out. If you've been to the old one, let me know what you think of the new one.
I believe it is still cash only. Not 100% so bring cash just in case.Cafe Au Lait was good, much better than Cafe Du Monde's. Beignets were just alright. Would rather go to Cafe Beignet.
Only 2 stars because there is a giant sign on the wall stating "Cash Only" with an ATM underneath. I didn't have cash on me so I paid a $3.50 fee to withdraw cash, only for the waitress to come up to me afterwards saying that they take credit card. They really need to remove this sign..Please remember the waiters get paid by your tips. If you don't tip, they are working for nothing.
No, waiters do not get a percentage of the price for your food and coffee order. At Morning Call the waiters take your orders, prepare your food and drinks as well as clean all the tables, take and prepare to-go customer orders and try their best to do it all with a smile. Waiters are paid by working for tips. Please remember this. Thank you.