Came for a work event and walking in I knew I would love it. The lighting made it feel very cozy. We had a preset menu but I had to be that person as always and ask for vegetarian options. The waiter ensured me they would create something for me and they did. They brought out a platter, not exaggerating, of every vegetable they had steamed to perfection. Asparagus spears, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, squash and a few others. Our event space was set up nicely and our waitstaff couldn't have been any more perfect. I plan to return and take a shot at their regular menu.My wife and I went to New Orleans for our Anniversary. We wanted a nice restaurant to enjoy our special occasion and we decided on Morton's. I made our reservation on-line on my phone and we were not disappointed. As we were seated we were congratulated for our anniversary. Our server, Ryan, was at the top of his game! If you go to Morton's ask for Ryan, he will make your dining experience a wonderful memory! The food was great and the serving sizes were on the larger size. Yes, Morton's is pricey, but when you have a special occasion you can't go wrong with Morton's!I actually like this Morton's better than most of the others I have been to. Food was great and most of all the wait staff was excellent. I can't say the same for the San Francisco, or San Jose locations.After receiving an email from Morton's advertising their Burger & Wine special, I decided I needed to try it. After a Saints game, we headed to give it a try. Once we were seated I told the waiter how excited I was to try the burger. He told me I could only get it if I sat in the bar...what a disappointment. My husband wanted to order from the dining room menu. I told the waiter it was fine and I would order from the menu. He explained they were very strict about it, but he would see if they would serve it to me anyway. To my surprise, they agreed to let me have it!!!  Not being a red wine drinker, I was a little worried I would not enjoy it with a burger...it was amazing!!!  The burger was cooked to perfection and the cheese and bacon was a great addition. I'm not a fan of their fries....hand cut would be much better in such a nice restaurant. All in all the experience was excellent. Go to the bar and order the burger paired with the wine!It is ok, but I enjoy Ruth's Chris a lot more. I have dined here on several occasions and there are 2 things on the menu that I love.  The Shrimp Alexander and the chocolate souffle.  Being that this is a steakhouse and I enjoy an appetizer and dessert better than their main courses should tell you something.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  The main course and sides are not very exciting, and for the price that is kind of disappointing.
Update:  10/16/2009
Came back with friends for happy hour.  I was pleasantly surprised that they had great drinks and appetizers were tasty.  I would come back again for happy hour.  For $5 and $7 appetizers and drinks respectively.  Not bad!!!Very great meal with my lovely date we enjoyed the atmosphere and the service. The service is just about the same in every Morton's I have been to, top notch! It was just a great way to end my vacation, surf and turf with great conversation and wineThe restaurant has a nice romantic ambiance which I can appreciate. The tables were too close together for my liking. And the dining area was very plain and nothing different or special at all. The bread and butter they brought out were good. The outside of the bread was crunchy and the inside was hot and soft and yummy. Both the Mortons salad and the Caesar salad tasted funny. I had the filet cooked medium. My piece was cooked perfectly and tasted very tender and juicy. However, my dinner date said hers was tough. The sour cream mash potatoes tasted heavily of garlic and were much too watery for my liking. The matchstick fries though... They were amazing. Seriously, my perfect fries. Perfect size, perfectly fried, perfect balance of crunch and softness. The creme brûlée was fine. It wasn't exceptional in anyway. The server did add a candle to it for my birthday so that was nice. The sugar on top was a bit thick for my liking and made my teeth hurt when eating it. I told them it was my birthday so they put birthday themed confetti on the table as well as gave us menus that said "Happy Birthday" with the date on it. Those are nice touches that I appreciate. They also give you a ticket that pays for your parking if you park in the garage. It was fine. I won't go out of my way to dine here, I prefer Ruth's Chris. However, I might get to go or sit at the bar and order the fries.Morton's does not get the respect it deserves. The steaks here are excellent. Their Caesar salad is incredible. The food and service are always top notch. Very consistent and it's great to go to when you want to go see a movie at Canal Place before or after dining. Plus you can self-park in the Canal Place garage for free after getting your ticket validated.I love Morton's weekday Happy Hour ! The food and atmosphere there is amazing! My fav hangout spot when on canal stWe went to Morton's on Thanksgiving, so first of all, kudos/props/thanks to the restaurant crew for being there for us on Turkey Day! We were a large party of 7 and the service throughout was impeccable - timing of each course was great & we were never long without a drink or wine refill. We had a variety of entrees (steak, surf & turf, just fish) and appetizers (e.g. bacon wrapped scallops, drool), & everyone was gluttonously happy. And - if you get the chance, get the truffle-cauliflower for a side because it is HEAVEN. - more dessert than veggie. All in all, our visit to Morton's was a definite highlight.Had a great night at Morton's.  Ask for Cindy Kennedy.  She made our dinner worth the walk to Canal Street.  The steak was cooked to perfection!My friends and I had dinner in a private room on August 1, 2015, and we had a blast. The Cajun ribeye and crab cake were both fantastic, and the macaroni & cheese and sour cream mashed potatoes were very good.  The food was expensive but large enough for sharing and well worth the price. 
Our server was so great that she had a dash of simple syrup added to our champagne after hearing some people in the party were not fans of the drink. I look forward to visiting Morton's again when I'm back in NOLA.Just like any other Morton's Steak house.. this place had awesome service, drinks and food.  I ordered the rib eye (its my go to) with a few sides.  Very nice clean place with uber posh decor and they def take good care of their guests.We go to Mortons often in Houston and Vegas but this was our first time in our hometown city of New Orleans. It saddens me to say it was disappointing. The food was good but the service did not stand up like I hoped it would. We were seated and ordered. We waited about 25-30 mins and the next thing you know a famous basketball player walked in with like 6 other ppl. We watched as their food came in less than 15 mins all the while still waiting on our food so that's like 45 min now. I complained to the manager and they credited our ticket but sometimes throwing money at the situation doesn't solve the problem. You would think in a busy city like this they would know how to balance regular ppl while dealing with the famous ones but obviously at this restaurant that's not the case. Our RSVP was for 8:30 and we ordered around 9:15-9:30, they closed at 11 so that's enough time to get something out and still close on time. Maybe they didn't care that they had to comp the tickets because they figured they would get it back from the player in tip but you get more regular ppl coming in to eat everyday than famous ones so I'm pretty sure they're making plenty of money from us, they might want to gain money instead of losing it in comps.To start I did not have the full dinner instead I had the happy hour specials called bar bites. The steaks did look big and juicy though much more expensive than the other steakhouses around town. The happy hour is very popular and was packed. I had a Cosmo, blue cheese steak fries and the prime filet steak sandwiches. The fries were great, the steak sandwiches were more bread than steak but what do you expect for 7 bucks. The Cosmo was fantastic. I had three items at Morton's and got out with a $25 bill with tip. Will come back to get the crab sandwiches which also look great.Having heard how expensive Morton's was (from a friend who lives in LA and went to one there), I probably wouldn't have gone here if it weren't for Restaurant Week. But I figured I would give the steakhouse a try while I could afford it. I dined here on Monday, September 12th.
I had a salad and a single-cut filet (I asked for medium rare and my steak came out with a perfect warm red center) with grilled asparagus on the side, and I got to try the Creme Brulee and the Mousse as I was dining with one other person.
Everything was good. Desserts were the highlight for me, as I have a huge sweet tooth. Steak was good. So on.
I gave 4 stars because it was a good experience, but honestly, living in a city like New Orleans, I would much rather go to a local spot than a chain steakhouse. If I were in some new city without any reliable restaurants to go to and had a bunch of money, then I'd go to Morton's without hesitation, but there are so many good places to try here!
Also, this might have been because I went on the Monday, which started the Restaurant Week, but the server did not mention the deal until I asked about it. They hadn't even printed the menu. So that was kind of lame, but we weren't treated any differently for not spending $$$$$, so I didn't take off another star.My boss took me here for Passing the FE Exam. The food was good, but not worth the price tag. In comparison it was more expensive than, but not as good as Ruth's a block away. Alas, we could not get reservations for Ruth's.Excellent service, delicious food, and great ambiance. We had dinner at Morton's last Sunday and had an amazing experience. Our food was prepared to perfection and the service was spectacular. My daughters ordered the 16oz New York strip, my husband the Bone in Ribeye and I had the baked lobster. We also had the grilled Oysters which were delicious. Everything was so good. We like our steak well done and juicy and that's exactly how we got it. We enjoyed all the foods and for dessert a chocolate Soufflé. As for service, our server was very helpful, friendly and attentive.  He anticipated our needs and made our visit to Morton's amazing. We definitely be back.This is a happy hour review only: if you, or someone like you has an expense account to pad, then take me with you, and I'll write about the dinner experience!
The happy hour is pretty happy: $5 bar bites of mini filet mignon or cheeseburger sliders, truflle-scented french fries or crab cakes. The cheeseburges by themselves is enough for dinner, or with the fries if you're really hungry. Big, cold $5 martinis to wash them down, as well as beer and wine selections. The only drawback it the bar area may seat 20 on a good day, and fills up quickly.
Spend an hour here,and you can head home... happy.Love Morton's. Huge beef people. At home we lost ours so we are stuck with Ruth's and Capital Grille, both we frequent because that is all we have and they can't compete. When you step out of the elevator the aroma smacks you in the face. My fav is the Cajun ribeye, shrimp cocktail and crab cakes are awesome. Love having such a good spread for wine and actually being able to take your time and enjoy a bottle. Lava cake is great as well. All around our fav for steaks.I dine out A LOT and this place by far has THE best crab cakes!!!!!!!!Chilled Prime Ocean Platter: 4/5 - The platter comes w/ king crab, lobster cocktail, oysters, & shrimp, all pretty good.
Center Cut Iceberg: 4/5 - The iceberg lettuce was served fresh & crisp.
Chicago Style Bone-In Ribeye Steak: 4.5/5 - My friends & I all like our steaks. My ribeye was cooked perfectly at medium-rare, tender & flavorful
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 4/5Let me preface this review by saying I have been a morton's fan and diner for close to 20 years. It seems that since Darden bought this chain they have gone straight downhill while it is decent food it certainly doesn't rise to the quality that one would expect from a formerly super high end steakhouse that commanded top dollar for their dry aged beef. They have clay the bar menu now seems to be quake the deal and I would strongly recommend you stick to that menu. There are much better choices out there for similar or lower prices. I had the filet, medium, and it came out the way I wanted it but it just didn't have that super high end Steakhouse texture, nor taste to it. If you have nowhere else to go, or are giving a gift card it's fine to go to Morton's, but don't expect the states of its glory days 20 years ago when there was pride and it was not a chain.Three words: very, very tasty. 
I'm going to start off by commenting on our waitress. She was an absolute sweetheart. She was very knowledgeable about every dish on the menu, and was incredibly kind and patient. (Which was great, considering my friends and I had a difficult time deciding what to order!) She returned to our table numerous times to check on us, and always kept our drinks full. 
Now the food: 
Ok let me just say that I left this place stuffed. Absolutely and completely stuffed. My friends and decided to split some appetizers. We got the shrimp cocktail and beef tacos. Oh my word, the shrimp cocktail. It was simply beautiful to look at, complete with dry ice. It was also just delicious. Now, considering I'm not the biggest fan of shrimp, this was just delicious. 
For my entree I ordered the Chicken Bianca. Just excellent. I've never had chicken that tasted so fresh and cooked to absolute perfection. 
For desert we tried chocolate covered fresh strawberries (complete with hot chocolate and raspberry filled brownie bites) , key lime pie, and creme brûlée. Now, I'm sure by now you're thinking, "wow, they must have been stuffed." And you're right. We absolutely were. But the allure of the deserts was just too much. The chocolate covered strawberries were just mouth watering good. And the creme brûlée. Oh my. The creme brûlée. This stuff is the real deal. It was everything creme brûlée is supposed to be and more. Simply heavenly. :)While it is a chain, I have encountered a few people who recommend Morton's The Steakhouse. I, however, tend to avoid any restaurant with Steakhouse in its name, because I don't exactly love steak. My boyfriend loves steak though and has always wanted to come here so with their participation in COOLinary I felt it was the best time to give them a try and get 3 courses for the $35 versus just the entree for the same price.
Their New Orleans location is located just outside the French Quarter on busy Canal Street. To enter the restaurant you have to take the elevator up to the second floor where you are greeted by their warm and friendly staff and sophisticated dining room. I was very impressed by their staff. They all worked as a team to ensure a magnificent dining experience. It was not a one man show where only your waiter servers you and other employees  just walk past your table like you don't exist. You are acknowledged by everyone you encounter.
At Morton's they have an extensive wine list, and a few interesting cocktails. I wanted to do something different then my usual and selected The Crush. Maybe it will be my new crush, I thought? It was made up of a few ingredients (vodka, Prosecco, grapes, etc) but essential tasted like grape flavor and sparkling wine. It may very well have been a bad choice on my part but I was even more disappointed once I saw the price.
The Ahi Tuna Tower was delish but I wouldn't say it was the freshest tuna or avocado. The chips were crispy and thin how I like them.
The Sliced Beefsteak Tomato Salad was simple yet amazing. Who knew tomatoes, red onions and blue cheese could be so gratifying?
The Baked Stuffed Jumbo Shrimp was heavenly. I liked that they were baked not fried because the combo of the grease and the richness of the sauce could have caused some serious stomach issues. The Shrimp was surprisingly light and stuffed with a decent amount of 100% crabmeat. The Parmesan Cappellini was saucy but not overwhelming and the capers add a nice tart flavor that didn't overpower. I accompanied the dish with their Steamed Broccoli which apparent had Hollandaise sauce but I didn't notice.
Steak is what Morton's is all about, so don't think we were going to leave without at least ordering the 6oz Filet Mignon. My boyfriend order it Medium and they delivered on that. It was tender with a juicy pink center otherwise known as a succulent cut of meat. It did lack flavor but was well cooked. The steak was paired with the Chicago-Style Horseradish Mashed Potatoes which was a great accompaniment.
For dessert, they had various options including a choice of souffles. The Grand Marnier Souffle sounded the most interesting so I went with that one. It was a little too wet in the middle and too rubbery on top. I was having trouble cutting through the top with my spoon so I ended up eating around it but the flavor of the dessert was good. It wasn't too sweet.
I didn't love the Cheesecake. It was very basic with just a strawberry on top. The cake was extremely dense and tasted like taking a tub of cream cheese and eating directly from the container.
Although the desserts failed to excite me and I wasn't fond of my cocktail choice, I was impressed by the Stuffed Shrimp entree. Plus, I really liked the ambiance and service was remarkable so it made me like a restaurant I otherwise wouldn't.Great service and amazing steaks.  A bit pricey if you want sides to go along with your meal.  Over all great experience.We had a birthday dinner here for two of our friends. It was nice that they took a picture of us and gave a copy to each of the birthday ladies. The oyster Rockefeller was not my favorite. The the scallops and the sauce that came with it was good. The salad was a good size if you want to share it. We ordered two different salads. I would recommend the salad one with the crumble blue cheese, nuts, and pear slices. The porterhouse steak for two was large enough to feed three people. The truffle mashed colla flower was devine! I can eat that all day. Crab cakes was slightly saltier than I would like. Our server was very helpful and friendly.Excellent food, atmosphere and service.
Special Features:
Fit for Foodies, Good for Groups, Neighborhood Gem, Notable Wine List, Romantic, Special Occasion, Hot SpotThe ladies and I had dinner here one night as a treat. I made reservations, we took a tour and then came here. From our hotel, it was just a 9 minute walk. Once we got in, we were greeted by the hostess and she took us to our seat. The booths looked so nice that we could sit at one of them. She changed it on her chart and seated us promptly. 
We were then greeted by our waitress. She was very polite. We scanned the menu and everyone decided what we wanted. I got the lamb chops, someone else got the filet mignon, another got the red snapper and shrimp and the shrimp, scallop and filet was another dish ordered. Bread came to the table and it was good. As we waited, I took a look around the place and the ambience was amazing. Loved the feel of the place and the decor. 
Once the food arrived, we began to eat. The chops were cooked to my liking. Im not a fan of mint jelly with my chops. The jelly was nice and strong. I preferred the apricot horseradish with them. Our waitress continued to check on us periodically. She made sure we didn't want for anything.  After dinner was over we ordered a few Creme Brûlée for the table. Smooth, cool and silky...It was made perfectly. This was delicious and a great way to end the meal. Once the check was paid we went to bathroom before walking back to hotel. That was very clean and neat as well. They even have items for women if needed in the bathroom. This was a way to end the day and I would return here to have another girls night out!If you ever go to the movies at Canal Place make sure to go early so you can stop and great the bar bites special at Morton's. Selections of burgers, sliders, crab cake sliders and appetizers and drink specials all ranging from 6-8 bucks. I recommend the crab cakes sliders. Morton's has the best crab cakes I have ever had and at $7 for three crab cake sliders it can't be beat as a quick meal before going to the show. All together for $25 you get a cocktail, appetizer and entree you can't beat it.I've been to this Morton's several times this year while in town for work.  It is in a downtown mall on the 2nd floor which may be one reason it is always so empty in there.  The mall is always deserted and locks up at 8 pm.  I know this because the hotel I stayed at is attached and you go down the elevators and pass through said empty mall to get to the restaurant if coming from the hotel.  Every time I have been in there I am either one of the only people in there or everyone is sitting in the bar area.  For those who tend to not be observant of crowd patterns there is a reason for this - for your own enjoyable experience I would suggest you follow this pattern.
I've never sat in the dining area but you get the same menu in the bar area and I'm sure the service is just as good.  What the bar area does have is the power hour menu.  The power hour menu has additional items not located on the regular menu and at a much more reasonable price.  I understand that this is an upscale steakhouse; however, I have enough common sense to know that the food should justify the price.  The items I have ordered off of the regular menu have not been outstanding enough to justify the price tag.  My guess is the money goes to overhead because I do not detect it in the quality and quantity of food served.  
Everything I have ordered off of the power hour menu is just as good an the regular menu items, sometimes just as much food, and at a more reasonable price.  In addition, the bartender Greg is fantastic.  He gives quality service and is very personable.  
If you are looking for a very nice super quiet relaxing dinner at this end of Canal I would recommend this place.  For the majority of people who are looking to enjoy all the great flavors of NOLA and want the best bang for their buck I would suggest skipping over this place.  NOLA has an overwhelming amount of great restaurants in the city who serve great portion sizes for a great prices, but this restaurant does not fit into that category.My Husband. and I dined here for his Birthday. Lionel/ Tasha ( Hostess / Host ) both was all about the Guest . Thank you Lionel and Tasha . Heather our Server was amazing. Thank you , Heather ! Carlos , thank you for everything as well .Do you really need a comment for such a well known fabulous place?Confession. I worked at Morton's for about a year and a half fresh out of college. I was a hostess and loved every minute of it....but they aren't my favorite steakhouse in the City. However- they do have the best happy hour deals. My girlfriend and I went after work last week and enjoyed the great Happy Hour Menu. In addition to $8 glasses of wine and coctails, there's also a variety of other items that you can order for the same price during Happy Hours of 4-6p. The truffled french fries are like (what I assume) CRACK (to be). I couldn't stop eating them! I also had the crabcake sliders and the filet minon sliders. Yummy! The restaurant has been newly renovated with a much open welcoming bar area. Check it out after work one day!The experience, the food and the service were delightful.  Between the seven of us we sampled nearly everything on the menu and had one of the best Thanksgiving meals ever.  Everything was solid with the truffle-cauliflower as a knock-out side.  Nicely done!Very nice atmosphere, but very high priced. I was apart of a intimate dinner and the private room overlooking Canal St. is Amazing! How ever the food was just okay with the exception of the filet mignon, that was phenomenal. The beef used is of great quality but everything else was just okay. Definitely not worth the $100 spent for my entree and 2 drinks.
P.S. the Bartender's Special, a drink concoction, is fantastic!My boyfriend and I celebrated a special evening at Morton's and are so glad we selected this establishment. New Orleans has one week per year dubbed Restaurant Week where various local restaurants offer a pre-fix dinner at an affordable price. Morton's offered one of the best menus for Restaurant Week and that is why we chose to celebrate there. 
We both enjoyed a glass of Pinot Noir, which we were able to sample before ordering the full glass. A GIANT lump of onion bread and fresh whipped butter is given to each table upon arriving - fresh and delicious! 
The courses we selected were:  spinach chopped salad with warm back dressing (yum!), crabmeat stuffed shrimp (yumm!), steamed broccoli with hollandaise sauce (yummm!) and for dessert...chocolate mousse (yummmm!!!) Can you tell from all the yum's that we enjoyed our meal?! 
Morton's has a cool environment that almost feels like you've been transported from New Orleans. Defiantly give them a try!My favorite steakhouse.I love the crab cakes here . I've also had the filet mignon,very tasty.The service is absolutely wonderful and professional.Highly recommend everyone to give it a try.We got to Morton's escaping deep-fried-stuff French Quarters was full of, and were ready to pay anything for a plainly cooked piece of meat. And that's what we got, and loved. 
I wasn't a big fan of the onion bread boule that came before the dinner, but that's mostly because I don't like the onion taste. Otherwise I would have been all over it. 
Steaks were seasoned incredibly well, cooked as they were ordered. Thank you!Absolutely the best burger in the city. Prime beef for a hamburger cant be beat. With the bar bites special you cannot be the bar deals at Morton's though this location gives you less bang for your buck with smaller portion sizes. Hey its New Orleans i guess we could afford smaller portions.Came here with my family and a three years old niece.
The server was very nice, showed us the meats before we order. He did well on presenting the different meats. 
Our table ordered three filet mignon minium rare, but somehow only mine was overcooked. Not happy:(
We ordered fries for our little niece, and they are just like the fries from a fast food store. Oily. Come on! $10 for the fries and they can't drain the oil a bit more??!!!
Won't be coming back here.Awesome! Enough said! Bring your appetite and may you eyes not be larger than your appetite or your wallet. 
Enjoy!This is the best upscale restaurant I've ever eaten. This Mortons in particular is even better than others I've been to. Food is always extraordinarily prepared. House bread is fantastic. Staff are extremely nice.Sometimes I pop in here for a steak. Cajun seasoned steak to fit the theme.  I have never left here disappointed. Great service for a convention town.In a town filled with fried oysters, I was happy to find a familiar restaurant to accommodate my L.A. diet.  These steakhouses are a staple in California and I was looking forward to a good dinner.
First thing I noticed was that nobody was there!  It was a weekend night and the restaurant was nearly empty.  Still don't know why that is...
My favorite dish of theirs is the Colossal Shrimp Alexander.  It comes as an appetizer as well as an entree.  The shrimp was good as always.  My date ordered a fish dish which was also great.
To me the food wasn't the issue here.  Considering the restaurant was empty, the service was surprisingly slow.  If the service would have been faster I may have given them a better grade.  A high class restaurant with great food deserves better service.I love this restaurant in New Orleans, we go every single time we visit New Orleans. The restaurant is beautiful. The staff is great and the food is out of this world!!!Pretty good happy hour food.  The sliders are great.. and they can do 'em rare!I was in town for super bowl and dinner here was amazing! The staff was very friendly, we had amazing service and even though it was SO busy the staff stayed calm and were nothing but nice. I would recommend to anyone that comes to new orleans.Everything was ok! But for $60 a person not worth it. Service was slow and below average. Definitely had a better steak at outback, just saying.Let's face it - Morton's was never the best steakhouse in NOLA, but it did have a certain old gentleman's club feel to it. Apparently Landry's chain took it over-NOOOO.  The steaks and service are still good. The atmosphere and sides however are run of the mill.  Not a bad choice, but there are better ones (chophouse, mr john's, desi vega's).Tender melt like butter New York strip with true chop salad that is allowed to be shared.  Nice helpful staff from greeting to huge chocolate cake dessert. Pricey but worth it.Enjoyed birthday dinner here. This Morton's is tucked away in the galleria mall off Canal Street. The location itself is a minus one star. It's a sad start to a dinner when you have to navigate through a closed mall. The steaks are great! The service was good. The place was barely filled and quite. You can never go wrong with Morton's but if you're in NOLA experience NOLA and try some of the local steakhouses.I had my birthday dinner here. I had a party of about 17 people. We were in a semi private banquet room with a view 
I ordered the Cajun Ribeye and the lobster Mac and cheese. Now that steak was perfect. Unfortunately I hated the Mac and cheese. They are bland and was lacking in lobster. They were $25 and could have easily been $13 like the rest of the sides 
The servers were great they were attentive and made great menu suggestions to my other guests.One of my favorite spots despite being a chain. The Power Hour specials are hard to beat espicially the tuna tacos. The restaurant has been remodeled to seem more upscale than before but the staff remains friendly and eager to please. Grab a seat at the bar and chill while you watch a game.Well, now that my step children spend thanksgiving with their mom, my husband and I find no reason to cook an elaborate Thanksgiving dinner. So, we immediately thought of Ruths but were deeply saddened to find that they'd only be serving turkey (really, ruths?). Then I remembered that we had yet to try Morton's. I called, confirmed they would have a full menu, and placed a reservation. 
So, there we were, driving to Mortons from our house in La place when we were blindsided by...a parade! *looks out of window. Are we in ny?* this parade went the entire length of canal street. It took us an HOUR to navigate through side streets filled with drunk butt holes and traffic. When we finally made it, I told the hostess that it would have been nice to have had a heads up about the parade when I made the reservation. The hostess didn't reply. 
Now to the meat and potatoes. The food was...ahn. Steaks were cooked correctly but were nothing extraordinary. the broccoli side I ordered had an odd seasoning on it that wasnt great. The prices were definitely too high for what it was ($13.50 for a slice of carrot cake?!) 
Bottom line, next year, I will take my chances with Ruths Chris turkey.Filet melts in your mouth!  Crabcakes are to die for !Mai was an excellent server what a great personality we started off at another restaurant up the street and after the appetizer we decided to leave and come for what we knew would be an excellent meal and of course it was my filet mignon was cooked perfectly .  Oh by the way I'm so glad the Raiders won todayIf you want to spend a fortune, eat good food (or great steak), and be surrounded by the most elite diners in New Orleans, look no further than Morton's. 
Everything about this place is meant to infuse your experience with an air of exclusivity. You take an elevator up one floor from the street to a dark, trendy space with sumptuous upholstery, and classy music playing. 
I wore a polo shirt and was woefully underdressed. I mean, to the point that I almost felt bad being in the room. Gentlemen, I strongly recommend a jacket and possibly a conservative necktie. Honestly, if I ever went back I would probably wear a suit. 
To put the prices in perspective, my wife and I had a $100 gift certificate and still paid over $50 out of pocket for our meal. By comparison, I ate at the Ritz Carlton's restaurant (just up the street on Canal) by myself and paid just over $30. Seriously. 
The entire place is remarkably dark, but very modern looking. There are no windows. The kitchen is open to the dining room, so you can see feverish activity in one corner of the room that makes you think surely you're about to be fed. Yeah, keep thinking that. You are about to pay for your good time, so you may as well let them stretch it out as much as they can. The drinks cost as much as a meal at a low-class joint, but have another one anyway. 
The service, food, and drink are all exceptional. Which is precisely what you would expect from a place at this price point. I just have to give it three stars because, really, you can do SO MUCH better in New Orleans, whether it be for less money, for the money, or for the time you're going to spend there. Maybe in a town without decent food competition this Morton's would be a star, but as it is I found it to be an anachronistic, claustrophobic, refuge for the super-rich ... which happens to serve a great steak.We visited Morton's for the summer menu and were not disappointed.  The appetizers/salads were fresh and outstanding, and the 6 oz filet was cooked to order.  The service at this restaurant was impeccable and attentive.We dined here for our anniversary. We highly recommend it! Whitney the hostess for the evening was beautiful and friendly. Deuce, our server possesses excellent skills never having to request refills our clearing of plates. His culinary knowledge was amazing as well. Every suggestion was perfect! Max also was terrific he assisted Deuce with drinks. The ambiance of the restaurant is romantic and intimate. We definitely say one should dine here.Happy Hour at Morton's The Steakhouse was definitely gratifying.  I started out with a not so  impressive Mojita Cocktail and decided to settle for ice water the rest of the evening, which was was just about on par with the Mojita Cocktail.  The great thing about the evening was the discount priced Bar Bites Menu, from which if you're really selective, you can get quite a deal.  Normally, these menu items are only served to patrons seated at the bar, but because Ann was in a wheelchair with a broken ankle, we were able to be seated at table.
We only had just slightly over an hour before the movie we planned to attend began on the third floor above the restaurant, so the light fare on the Bar Bites Menu was ideal.  The items we selected were the Iceberg Bite-Sized Wedge Salads served with Tomato, Egg, Bacon Bits and Blue Cheese Dressing.  We also had the Petite Filet Mignon Sandwiches Served with Mustard Mayonnaise.  When I left the restaurant after devouring those Bar Bites, and the overall over the top experience, I was feeling like the lyrics of songwriter Pharrell Williams' song "Happy" like a room without a roof.It's a Morton's. It has great steak and side dishes. The ribeye and filet we had were cooked correctly and were delicious. More importanly the mac wad out of this world. For a true Ron Swanson experience, get a bourbon with your meal. Also, ask for Deuces, he treats you right.Morton's was very overpriced for no reason. It was $117 for a porter house for 2. Took over 1 1/2 to cook. This place doesn't even have its own sauce, they gave me A1 sauce. Will try Ruth's Christie's next time I'm in town.One of the biggest bills I've ever had, probably top 5. But not in my top 5 favorite restaurants. The food was good but not great. I had a 12 ounce filet mignon and it was cooked exactly as I expected, but tasted cold. My wife had a fish entree and the shrimp Alexander on the sides were our favorite flavor on the plate. They really catered to our anniversary and included a complimentary dessert, decorated table and menu, and a cozy booth. The service was great, too. It's just the price-to-favorite ratio that brings this down from a 4 to a 3 star rating.My husband and I went 2 Mortons for the 1st time. Overall great experience. The bread was great. My only problem was that I had my heart set on the Ahi Tuna Tower as my app, which they were out of. Very disappointing. I ordered the lobster and steak, which was AMAZING. Cooked 2 perfection and very flavorful. The server was good. She was very knowledgeable and attentive. She bought our check and never asked if we wanted dessert, which we did. I had the white chocolate bread pudding. Although I am not a bread pudding fan, it was really good. Will I return?? YES, I WILL.I've been here a few times now and it's never packed when I've went and the food has always been good. Last time I remember getting the Fillet mignon and it was really good. It has a nice ambiance which and a view to canal st. You can either take the elevator up or go in though canal place.Thank you NOLA restaurant week (Coolinary New Orleans) for making this place affordable! Seriously, I have always wanted to try steak at a Morton's, but didn't want to pay full price. Three courses for $35? Yes please! You feel very fancy riding up the elevator to the restaurant. 
Food review of their coolinary menu: they had a lot of options for the app, main + side, and dessert. That was nice and accommodated people who don't eat steak (had salmon and shrimp main dish options). It was double amazing because a 6oz filet minion was available! I was not disappointed at all with the taste of my steak. They didn't cook it to the temperature I asked for, but it wasn't the end of the world. Dessert wise, the creme brulee was fantastic, but the soufflé was something special that I'd go back and order again. There were 3 or 4 flavor choices, but I think the chocolate one was the best. It also came with some spiced whipped cream that made it even more delicious. 
A group of 6 of us went for this deal. In addition, we bought 2x bottles of wine. All and all - the total was $350. It was a bit of a splurge, but oh so well worth it. We felt fancy, even if everyone didn't dress up and I had enough food for the next day. 
Hints: parking at One Canal is validated. Also - mints help with digestion, so don't be afraid to have some that they provide!We had a wonderful 16th Birthday celebration dinner for my son!  He loved the personal 'happy 16th birthday' menu and confetti on the table!  Thanks!  Also wanted to mention that all my boys ages 8-16 ate everything on their plates!!My friends and I came here for a nice dinner. We made reservations earlier that day. When we arrived,we were immediately seated at our choice of a table. The bread was very good. My friend got the lamb chops, I got the mixed grill red snapper topped with and stuffed shrimp. We got the shareable sides of mac n cheese and sautéed spinach and mushrooms. All of our plates looked very good. The chops were well cooked. The shrimp was buttery rich. Everything that we had was basically delicious. Our waitress was also wonderful. She was very personable. She gave great recommendations and seemed honest in her opinion. She even joked around with us. She made the experience even more worth the while. I plan on returning with my husband.great service,good food but very expensive.a dinner for 4 with no alchol was over $300.I think there are many places in New Orleans that can get as good of a steak and good service for a lot less money.Listen this place is CLASSAY with super service. I'm not dressed up but they still treat me like a million bucks! This is my second time coming here, the first time around i ordered the Chopped house salad, short rib steak tacos, and prosciutto wrapped mozzarella. The chopped house salad has avocado, egg, bacon (crunchy not soggy), blue cheese crumbles, cucumber, and chopped red onions. It's definitely worth the 13$ price tag, it's easily one of the best salads I've ever tasted! The short rib steak tacos were good also, the only problem I had with it is that the tortillas I got were a bit hard otherwise the meat and special sauce they used was delicious. The prosciutto wrapped mozzarella with a slice of savory tomato inside was AWESOME, the salad underneath it which comprised of spinach leaves and in house made vinaigrette complemented the main part of the dish. This time around i got these truffle fries and onion roll bread that are the bomb-diggity!! The onion roll comes complimentary with a yummy plate of butter. I look forward to bringing my whole family here!We went to Morton's yesterday to have drinks at the bar and watch the Celebrity All Star Game.  The bar is a little tight, there are a few tables and maybe 8-10 chairs at the bar itself, but the TVs are a good size and there were three bartenders working on a busy Friday. 
Though there was a drink menu offered, they had a second drink menu that was still in the works, so they let us choose from both. The bar was extremely well stocked, so you could really order just about anything. 
We also ordered the Parmesan truffle fries (YUM), the mini crab cake BLTs, and the beef tenderloin tacos.  The crab cakes were tasty, but the buns were a little too big (or the cakes were a little too small).  The tacos had really good flavor, fresh avocado, cheese, red onion. The beef itself was a little mealy, which was odd.  Maybe we should have ordered the tuna tacos instead. The fries were so worth it -- the truffle wasn't overpowering, and the Parmesan added the right amount of saltiness.  
The bartenders were all friendly, and I would feel perfectly comfortable going there for a meal at the bar on my own.  Good vibe, and in the Canal Place not too far from the shoe section at Saks (bonus). 
See pics.For 6 years running went there for my birthday. If you reserve for your birthday, they print your name on the menu and take a photo. Great filet and the sides are all good! Service has gone down so I don't go as much. Beautiful restaurant and nice wine selection.This is a fantastic place to go when celebrating a special event. Yes you must be prepared to spend, but the food, the atmosphere, the service was all worth it. They even went above and beyond for my husbands birthday with confetti on the table, a personalized "Happy Birthday" message on the menu, and photos of us to commemorate the event. They went above and beyond. We will definitely be back.
Best dishes for us were:
Lobster mac and cheese, the bacon wrapped scallops, and the short rib steak tacos...and of course the filet mignon was excellent.I give this place three stars solely because the staff was polite and helpful however the quality sucks and is not worth half of what you'll spend. I came in for thanksgiving dinner and the restaurant was completely empty. Somehow my entire table was served cold food. An top of that, my cold steak was under seasoned and left a lot to be desired. I wouldn't recommend this location to my worst enemy.I had a great dinner here. I started off with the escargot. They were good, but not mind-blowing. The steak and lobster were absolutely spectacular. I got the 12 oz filet with foie gras-cognac butter and the lobster tail. It was absolutely wonderful. The lobster was impressively cooked. I've been to high-end restaurants where the lobster is a little hard and stringy on the outside. Not so here! The service was professional and exceptional. The waiter even stuck an extra blue cheese olive in my perfectly-prepared, filthy martini. Great dining experience.Decent selection for a chain restraunt. Sweets where not as freash as i was expecting. Meat was dry.While we didn't have dinner there (I am a vegetarian after all) the bar at Morton's was amazing. Super tiny and on the second floor (accessible only by elevator), it was like drinking with 20 of your closest friends. Especially great was the bartender, Polo, who was really friendly and served up some nice drinks. I would def check out the bar bites specials ($6-11 for appetizers and $5 for drinks) that they run from 9:30-closing during the week, as all the food around us looked mighty delicious, which can be enjoyed without the steakhouse sticker shock.Review from February 2017
Sad to say but I've had better in the past. This one is attached to a mall and had a little smell as we walked in, out of all the empty space inside we were seated right next to the kitchen with all the noise and traffic. The food was very blend for us, which is weird because we've had Morton in other locations. Majority of what we ordered we didn't like, which only made for bad dinner and we've had better from this chain. Our server was nice and attentive, but that was all we got while dinning here which is bad. Not even the lemon drop drink was good 
I feel it was overpriced for the quality of the food. Won't be going back here if we visit againMost Morton's are the same from Palm Springs, Denver to New Orleans. The difference here has to be the manager Vedran. He took time to show my wife and I a selection of great wines and visited with us as an openly nice guy. Vedran knew plenty about wine and can teach anyone a thing or two about them. 
The food was exceptional. My wife had the mixed grill with red snapper and I had the Cajun rib eye. The service was very well paced and that made it a perfect experience. I am a Landry Club member and this Morton's has to be the top in the nation to visit.