Walked by and my son and I got the scent of fresh fried seafood and we had to stop.  Service at bar was very friendly even though you could tell the stress levels were high due to the back up in the kitchen. We ordered one fired crawfish poboy to go. Food was so fresh and so good. We went back the. Ext day for lunch with my wife and daughter. Gumbo was excellent.Discovered Mr. Ed's in the in February as my wife and I are always in search of a good chargrilled oyster. Our waitress, Pat, assured us that theirs was the best-chargrilled oyster in the area. Naturally, we were skeptical but once the oysters arrived, my God, Pat was not kidding. The oysters were bursting with flavor and the bread is drenched in buttery goodness, we loved the food so much that we wound up going back the next day. I cannot wait to return to Mr. Ed's and try their seafood muffuletta. I definitely recommend this spot if you are looking for an alternative to the busier places like Acme for example. My wife also checked out their second floor and they have a large room for private parties in case you are interested.Service:   Very professional yet laid back. 
Atmosphere:  Quiet but not weird. Clean enough. 
Food:  We had the Seafood Platter, Chicken Parmesan, and Shrimp and Grits. All were excellent, but we could have all gotten full off one dish. The servings were huge, which is wasteful. 
If we visit Nola again, we'll go back to Mr. Ed's.They have best food in town! My friend ate a dozen of raw oysters by herself, I had the creole shrimp, very fresh and good taste. Great restaurant!The charbroiled oysters are the best I've ever had! Also got the crab cake alfredo meal. Staff was great, seems like the type of place where everything on the menu is delicious!The food and service was very awesome. The Southwest Oysters and the Shrimp n Grits were absolutely delicious! It was filling and comforting! The hosts were kind and made an urgent effort to seat us. I highly recommend this placeGreat food and great service... I highly recommend it.  We had the Charbroiled oysters, seafood platter, and creole red fish..dropped in for lunch. ordered shrimp poboy and a couple beers. poboy was classic! so good! so huge! u could easily share it. atmosphere is fun and comfortable. service is good, not great, but they were busy. def recommend and will def go back.Nicole our waitress was great, our Appitizer was taking a little longer so she brought us some gumbo. The charbroiled oysters were good. The crawfish artichoke dip was yummy, and the hurricane was strong!Omg this place has amazing service and food.  Highly recommended.  We had the fried alligator which came with this sauce that was great.  My wife had a po boy and I had this thing called the "taste of New Orleans". It was all amazingHad a bowl of Creole gumbo, it was delicious. Another time i had the taste of Nola, again everything in it was wonderful. It's a pretty relaxed place a little off the insanity of Bourbon Street, with really good food. Finally, all the waiters and staff are friendly.Great fresh seafood. Waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food. The oysters were awesome and I would totally recommend the Red Fish Orleans. Will definitely be back.After a very enlightening three-hour New Orleans Cocktail History Walking tour through the French Quarter (I highly recommend this tour), my wife and I figured that we better get some food in our system's if we planned on keeping the party going. After doing some research we settled on Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar. With a little slur in our speech and stumble in our walk (don't judge us, we were getting the full French Quarter experience), we made our way over to the restaurant.
Although the restaurant was scheduled to close in less than two hours, we were warmly welcomed by a bunch of staff that were congregating at the entrance of the restaurant as we walked in. Less than a minute after being seated, we were greeted by an enthusiastic waiter named Renard. Renard gave us a brief breakdown of the menu and provided us with some of his favorite items on the menu. We both settled on the Southern Fried Catfish dinner and I ordered a tea based alcoholic beverage (Renard recommended that I have the drink how he would have it...stiff).
Less than twenty minutes later our food and drinks arrived. We were impressed by how well our seafood was fried (it wasn't saturated in oil), and how subtly strong our beverages were (the tea was definitely a creeper). Most importantly, we were thankful (keyword) that the meal (obviously not the healthiest choice), was proportioned so that we both wouldn't look like we were three months pregnant as we walked out of the restaurant. Throughout our duration in the restaurant, Renard was very personable and professional. He even provided us with a small list of activities within the French Quarter that my wife and I should engage in.
If you're looking for scrumptious food and great customer service, make a quick stop at Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar!The food here was stellar. We had the crawfish stuffed bread...amazing, fried alligator was different but still good. For entrees we had the New Orleans combo plate which had crawfish etouffe, red beans and rice, and jambalaya. We also had shrimp and grits. All the food had so much flavor, it was sooo good!! A great place to stop. Highly recommended!!Although I do not eat seafood, the atmosphere and staff made the meal for us! My crew LOVED this place. They actually stopped talking and that is a fear in itself. We are in town for a conference and after a long day of conferencing and attending panels we were famished. So we stumbled upon Mr. Ed's and couldn't be happier. A must try when you are in the city!!!Two words... Crab Cakes!!  This is a quaint little place in the French Quarter.  I was seated upstairs.  I ordered small salad and had the crab cakes as my entree. Food was Delicious! I had a Manhattan to start things off, but I thought the drink a little weak.After careful consideration we picked Mr Ed's oyster bar for dinner tonight. As it worked out it was a perfect choice. The crawfish bread appetizer, a waitress suggestion, was superlative. A fresh baguette with the top removed and filled with a savory crawfish concoction with melted mozzarella cheese. Then we both enjoyed chef's fried fish platter. A delight and a huge portion of shrimp, oysters, filet, crab and crayfish cake with 3 huge onion rings. Impossible for one person to finish but it was fun trying. 
But best of all was our server Krystal. She's a dynamic and fun person who makes dining here fun.Thanks to Joy at Kezic Gallery for telling us about this restaurant! The chicken and andouille gumbo was to die for. Shrimp creole perfectly seasoned, no need to add anything extra! Service and music were excellent. Planning to come back tomorrow if we have time. Thank you Mr. Ed for a great dinner. Serving size and prices reasonable.Took a group of 8 in for lunch....made to wait 20 minutes for another group to leave with plenty of adjacent tables open. After waiting they sat us in the empty seats. Made zero sense...esp for lunch when people want quick service.  Server was great. This just spoiled the experience for me.The food was acceptable, nothing to write home about, but it took 15 minutes to get a wait person to take our drink order. We ordered appetizers and dinners all at once because we had been there so long. It took 45 minutes to get our food! No apologies, no update, no nothing. There were few customers when we arrived, but they were full-ish when we left. I suppose if you have all day, it's not bad. And it's not cheap either.First stop arriving in Nola. Came with the wifey to the french quarter and ordered couple beers Abita ambers and some charbroiled oyster with parmesan. 12 werent enoughhhh with that garlic bread. After we shared the shrimp creole also very good. Topped it off with some grey goose oyster shots. Taz, our server, like tazmanian devil was exceptional. Great food gr8 service u have to come here!!!Blackened salmon and veggies were amazing!  This restaurant was recommended by a local and we were not disappointed.  If it hadn't been recommended we would have just walked by and found an overpriced touristy restaurant.  Staff was great also!Stopped in for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised. I had the oysters and they were fresh and juicy. The horseradish was to die for. I also had the read beans and rice with sausage . I thought this dish was mediocre at best. If your looking for a quick bite then try this place out.Mr. Ed's Oyster House is a local chain of restaurants.  The French Quarter location is on the west side of Bienville, just north of Decatur.  The narrow two story restaurant with a small patio can actually seat quite a few people. We were seated on the second floor, which I was not too excited about, because I expected to be forgotten.  I was pleasantly surprised that I was not!
There is a kids' menu that is not written out, but we were able to order cheeseburgers prepared po-boy style for the LOs.  Sesame crusted French rolls with mayo, lettuce tomato and burgers served with Crinkle Cut French Fries from the freezer. Simple but tasty.
We picked a smattering of items to share.  We had the fried alligator with Creole sauce.  It tastes like fried chicken nuggets - tasty but not high on my list of things to eat. The paprika-mustard seed Creole sauce was a necessary addition to liven them up. The Creole sauce also went well with the onion rings that are prepared fresh each day. They were crunchy and sweet - totally worth it. (I would skip the alligator.)
We also ordered a side of Crawfish Etouffee and a side of jambalaya.  Once again, one was awesome and one was disappointing. The jambalaya was just tomato rice with good andouille. The seasoning of the sausage was not sufficient to bring life to the rice.  On the other hand, the Crawfish Etouffee was amazing. The creamy tomato based sauce was well seasoned and had loads of shrimp, bell peppers, onions and scallions.  I can make better jambalaya at home, but I need to work on my etouffee.  This was so delish.
The oysters were the same mixed bag.  We had half dozen oysters that were a split of Rockefeller and Bienville.  The Rockefeller was a classic preparation, topped with chopped spinach, bacon and gruyere. It was tasty and basic, but I was impressed by the underseasoned frozen spinach that was used.  On the other hand, the Bienville were AMAZING. The mushrooms and scallions were fresh and paired beautifully with the oysters.
M and I shared an old fashioned, made with Eagle Rare whiskey and muddled cherry and orange with simple syrup. I tried to order another drink, but they were only capable of making what was on the menu.
Overall, we had a good experience.  It is a solid 3.5 star place.Had the oysters Rockefeller boy was it delicious. Seasoned  well with a big chunk of bread that also had some seasoning in it. Used the bread to sop up the drippings from the oysters.  Good eatingGreat food!  The real stuff.  Etoufee (sp), red beans and rice were on point.  BBQ shrimp Poboy. Friends had Oysters and fish.  We didn't speak very much to each other.  A good sign that the food is that good!Visited here while in New Orleans for the Falcons vs. Saints game. Food was really good. Affordable prices. Great wait staff. Ordered the gumbo. Really food flavor, nice portion size but it needed more spice. Also had the oysters with bacon, spinach and mushrooms.  1/2 dozen, decent price. Flavored well. Restaurant manager walked the floor, greeting patrons and checking on your satisfaction.
My friend ordered fried green tomatoes & seafood mufaletta. I was jealous & she was very pleased. The seafood which was well seasoned was falling off of her sandwich. It was huge. She was able to eat off of it for two days.
Pretty good experience.While on the way to the Acme Oyster House, we were greeted by a nice guy who worked here. We thought, well why not! The hospitality when walking in was amazing! All the employees every the bartender welcomed us. Our waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. We had the chargrilled oysters, the Beinville Oysters and the Oyster Rockafella!!! 7-thumbs up!!! (If that's even possible!) Oh and they have homemade onion rings! They were huge, fresh and amazing! No complaints whatsoever!!! #Amazing #Fresh #Yum-OCrawfish bread is by far one of the best dishes I've ever had!!! Charbroiled oysetwrs are a must have!!!!We stopped in for some drinks and appetizers.  Loved the set up,. Very friendly staff, great oysters and a nice romantic evening.  Everything in the French Quarters is going to be pricey,. Mr Ed's was reasonably priced compared to most other places.  Got to try it out.Great food and excellent customer service!!! The charbroiled oysters are absolutely amazing!!!Friendly service and great eats. This place was recommended by someone who lives in Alabama. We ordered Grilled Oysters, creole Gumbo, Louisiana crawfish bread, jambalaya and red beans and rice. The oysters and crawfish bread was delicious and our favorite picks!!!  They also had turtle soup which I will be back to try!The food was great! This is our first to New Orleans so we asked around where to get authentic local food. Our hotel told us this is the place to try. We had the gumbo, shrimp and grits and a dozen raw oysters, all super tasty. Our waitress Lindsay was super sweet and wrote down some of her favorite places for us to check out while visiting. We really enjoyed the food and staff.So i just want to put out a public disclosure that I enjoy going to alot of restaurants and trying different cuisines and for the most part even if its something i would never try again i can still appreciate the experience....this place was not the case. 
Im going to make this short and sweet (well try to) and to the point. I looked this place up on yelp and went there because it was close to our hotel, receieved decent ratings and my bf and i wanted some NOLA oysters. 
I really enjoyed the overall ambiance from the restaurant the seats were nice and comfortable, the seating arrangment was surprisingly plentiful for the size of the restaurant. Tastefully decorated with about 3 flat screen tvs. The inside decor definately appealed to a mix crowd. But thats just about as good as it gets.
None of the waiters looked that they fit in the restaurant business; hard to pin point exactly the issue they just didnt (Dark alley convo: " Know anyone who needs a job, can pass a background check and hold plates") Sorry my mind just wondered into space real fast but I can imagine their hiring process started something similiar to that. One guy bought us our appetizer of calamari and his finger was touching our marinara/parmasean cheese sauce (Cause he didnt know how to hold a small bowl) and he placed the bowl down and licked his finger as he walked away....UGH, El Grosso, Not Professional, Hmph!!!!
Ok ok ok...so we ordered the calamari for appetizer. There was no seasoning on batter, even the marinara sauce couldnt make it taste better. While on our trip there was a water ban in the area and the waiter conveniently forgot and bought us both a glass of water, of course he remembered when my bf mentioned it. I ordered an apple martini; i know it was vodka and some mix just cant put my finger on it. We both ordered the po boy sandwich. All i can say is that immediately when served my bf said he smelled old oil and wanted to throw up. (Public Disclosure: My bf is basically a garbage disposal and will eat anything and he complained taking evey bite.) It was served with mayo, lettuce, pickles and tomatoes and even dressed the sandwich was just gross.
Rundown: Small oysters so much so that the sandwich had more bread then oyster, old oil smell, lackluster service, nice atmosphere = do better next time? I know for sure there will never be a next time for me at this place.This was my first meal in NOLA, and by far the worst. I dropped my suitcase off at the hotel and immediately began walking around the French Quarter. When it came time for lunch I stumbled into Mr. Ed's where I ordered Charbroiled Oysters on the Half Shell and Seafood Gumbo. The oysters didn't seem to be cleaned properly and the seafood gumbo was just plain BAD. There are tons of better and even AMAZING places to eat in New Orleans, unfortunately this isn't one of them.I was completely underwhelmed. The food looked tasty, but it was "meh". 
We ordered the bbq shrimp app and charbroiled oysters. The shrimp was bland. The oysters were too charbroiled. I was still tasting the over char hours later :(
Our server was really nice and attentive. 
I wouldn't recommend this place based on what I ordered, but maybe it was an off nightWe came here from a recommendation of our concierge who told us it's just like Acme Oysters but without the wait and half the price. So true! It's apparently 10+ years old, but a new addition to the French quarter making it a bit more obscure. But the service we received is what truly made it five stars! We wanted raw oysters, but had so many people suggest the charbroiled that we had the southwest and garlic parm in addition to the raw ones. Literally best oysters I've ever had. Lyndsie was so sweet and accommodating and sent us off with bottled water, a map of her favorite spots for food and nightlight, and a sense of sadness that we only had one more night!Every time we go the food and service is great.  I've had the fried alligator, Shrimp and Grits, BBQ shrimp, Oysters Po Boy, Shrimp Po Boy, Crawfish Boil and Creole Gumbo. The Char grilled Oysters are the best in the quarters.  Reminds me of home cooking.  This is my favorite in the Quarters.  Too busy eating to take pictures :)During our week in New Orleans, Mr. Ed's was the only place we visited multiple times because we liked it so much. We had never eaten fresh oysters before and Brian was so friendly, patient and helpful. We ended up loving oysters and came back for more. The other food we ordered (Seafood Au Gratin and Seafood Nachos) was awesome as well!!Great oysters (both raw and char grilled). Very friendly staff.  They do allow dogs at the few outside tables, which was definitely a huge plus for me.  The locals seem to like this place. I will definitely be back for oysters.If you want FAT oysters, this is the place to go!!
I was in NOLA with the family, and I was craving some gulf oysters.  I prefer raw, but my sister prefers them chargrilled.  She found Mr. Ed's after looking up stuff on Yelp and a local tourist magazine.  Mr Ed's oyster deliciousness was confirmed by asking our Mardi Gras World shuttle driver and the doormen at the Ritz.  You should always trust the locals....haha!
Here is the rundown:
Raw oysters on the half-shell:  Oyster heaven!  They were big, fat, fresh, and meaty, just the way that I like my gulf oysters.  $14.95/dozen.  Our server Benny told me how to dress the oyster on the saltine crackers with some hot sauce, pepper, etc.  It's pretty good, but I am an oyster purist.  I'll savor the pure oyster taste with just some lemon juice, or I'll dress it with cocktail sauce, horseradish, and lemon juice.  Putting it on the cracker was more work than what it was worth, but it was still good.
Chargrilled oysters:  I prefer raw oysters but my family ate a half dozen within like 30 seconds, so I'm assuming they didn't taste horrible...haha!
Soft shell crab po boy:  My sister's dish.  This was a special that was off the menu.  She decided to take advantage of soft shell crab season, and she had no regrets.  I tried a few bites, and the crab was meaty and crispy.  The batter was a little on the salty side, but it's expected with deep fried seafood.  Overall quite delicious.
Seafood platter:  My parents got this dish.  Basically fried shrimp and oysters on a bed of french fries and bread.  Pretty good, but nothing spectacular.
The food and service was quite good.  We enjoyed Benny our server, who kept supplying us with fresh napkins like every five minutes.  We also met the famous Steve the bartender as we were walking out.
Overall:  Great place for fat meaty oysters.  By far the best oysters I had in New Orleans so far.  Yummy soft shell crab po boy.  The rest of the food was pretty decent.  I would definitely come back.The food was good but my wife's fish was undercooked.  Kind of ruined the meal.  Shout out to the staff though.  They did everything possible to try and make it right by removing both our entrees from our bill.  That's the reason for the third star is despite their mistake in the kitchen, the customer service was pretty awesome!My first time trying charbroiled oysters, and they were out of this world. Got the crab cakes, which were just ok, but which were accompanied by really delicious jambalaya that was even better reheated the next day.The airport limo driver suggested this place and he was spot on. The oysters are fresh and sweet!  I've been here three times in three days. The gumbo was also delicious with nice chunks of crab. I also tried the shrimp oyster po boy and it was nice and crispy. I wouldn't order the po boy again only because it's too much bread. Order the raw oysters and enjoy their homemade cocktail sauce.Our Lyft driver sent us here after giving us the 411 on how Acme house is overrated. We thought we'd try it out and it was AMAZING. I've had acme as well but the chargrilles oysters here are the best I've had. The staff is super chill and the place feels like it would be my local hang out if I lived in New Orleans! Try it, you won't regret it. Also the Louisiana crawfish bread was a added bonus of deliciousness.Fun place, great food, Theresa is the BEST waitress!!!! The crayfish bread is delicious,  well everything is delicious but Tue crayfish bread is super good :)The Southwest charbroiled oysters were phenomenal. I had the red beans and rice with the catfish. And my wife had the crab cake pasta. As for mine the red beans and rice were delicious. Although nothing special. The fish was probably a 3 out of 5. My wife's pasta was bland with very little taste. Crab cake was also bland.Mr. Ed's was a great choice during our visit to New Orleans. Firstly, the establishment is cool and cozy, dispelling any concerns of a crowded eatery in a busy tourist-filled city.
Also, the service was excellent. Our server was polite and accommodating, as well as the host and other restaurant staff.
Lastly, and most importantly, the food was fantastic. We ordered some oysters along with their crawfish &I spinach artichoke dip as appetizers--they were oozing with taste! Their entree was also a delight--crab cake pasta with shrimp.
We were beyond pleased with our experience at Mr. Ed's. We will be returning here on our next trip to NOLA and would recommend others do the same!OMG! Charbroiled oysters!  These were incredible!  We got in pretty quickly and were served quickly.  I'd go again and get the oysters.I left this place in absolute pain from my stomach being stretch to its absolute limits. From the minute my family and I walked into this place, we felt like magic was about to happen.  The smells wafting in from the kitchen were a dizzying blend of N'orleans spices and flavors. My wife ordered a dozen raw oysters and the waitress returned with 12 brontosaurus size oysters, FREAKIMG MASSIVE!! Next I got beat up by a mean plate of shrimp and grits. I cried Uncle but I kept punching myself in the mouth with spoonful after spoonful of this magical dish. I washed it down with a Nola Bread Pudding that would make me line up a dozen Mamas and slap all of them.  
The service was good, the food was amazing.  All I can say is if you come to NOLA and not come to this gem then you have not visited NOLA.The baked oysters were amazing, the snapper and red fish it so much. Bloody marry was good, not too spicyWings arrived fresh out of the fryer. The heat was perfect, tons of flavor and even the crispiness was on point!
After being a hardcore fan of Darrell's Poboys in Lake Charles, I wondered if it could get just as good as it is over there for this place. Turned out to be that we were beyond impressed with the Roastbeef Poboy. Gravy was just right - had jalapenos available and the roastbeef had flavor....FLAVOR IS KEY!! 
A fucking job well done, Cajun Mike's!! 
#bookmarkedthefuckoutofthisoneWhat a way to end my trip!  I went to Mr. Ed's on my last of 6 days in New Orleans.  I wanted to have one more good meal, and we ended up here because it was right around the corner from our hotel.  I am so glad we did!
The food was so delicious!  We had a cajun redfish topped with shrimp and fried softshell crab.  It included jambalaya and roasted vegetables.  Oooooh, nom nom nom!  What a great meal to remember New Orleans by!  
I think my favorite part was also that good ol' New Orleans service.  From the waitress to the kitchen manager, they showed us such great service and making sure we were happy... and boy were we!  Thanks Mr. Ed's!!!Great joint with friendly staff and dynamic service and delicious food. Highly recommend both snapper dishes and the bread pudding was exceptional. Also played some fine music to accompany the meal.This was our favorite place in town.  As visitors from Texas, we came to NOLA looking for good seafood.  We were not disappointed with Mr. Ed's!  Their BBQ Shrimp, turtle soup, seafood nachos, crawfish stuffed bread.. were absolutely wonderful! Full of flavor and great service.  We visited twice because we were so impressed the first time.This was my first visit to New Orleans and I wanted to really experience a very good place with traditional New Orleans food and its here. However, I will be rating the service, food, and overall experience. 
We arrived at Mr. Eds and we had one more we were waiting for. We stood outside for a good four minutes even though a few wait staff said the host will be right with you. What was the host doing? Talking and laughing with cook staff in the back. Kind of a bad impression already even though hearing about good things about this place. Finally we were sat down, waitress attend to us right away. However, few minutes later another waitress came and helped us. I'm confused who is our waitress? It turns out our original waitress was going home for the evening and decided to not even tell us. Its just weird. Our waitress was very attentive but this is where I rate the place even lower; her knowledge of food and ingredients. 
I asked the ingredients in Jambalaya and she said there is pork products in it. So I asked instead I want the red beans. Turns out AFTER I ordered and ate the food their was pork in the red beans to, in fact it was specifically ham. Last time I checked pork sausage came from a Pig and so does ham. Seriously? I specifically asked I did NOT want any pork products. Thanks a lot for literally the misinformation. 
The food: The food was cooked nicely and the seafood part of my Creole Seafood item I ordered on the menu was tasty with rice. A decent size portion as well for the price. The rest of the food on the table was great; fried catfish and spinach and artichoke crawfish dip. All great. 
Overall: I want to really give this place five stars but how can I when we were ignored for the first four minutes by a host that clearly saw us and didn't care and second make me consume a type of food I clearly said I did not want to have. I would go back but I would be very cautious.The portions are very large here so sharing is easy to do. The best Item on the menu that we tried was the barbecue shrimp.Really good southern food. The charbroiled oysters were amazing. Service was quick and there was no wait. It's tucked away from the really busy parts of the French Quarter, which made it an excellent quick stop for lunch.Reviews were on point.  Had both raw and cheesy oysters and they were delicious.  Fried green tomatoes were excellent and the red beans and rice was off the chart.  Atmosphere and staff were great.  Solid choice.   I'll definitely go backCame here for our first experience with crawfish, and we were not disappointed!! The service was awesome and the food was amazing. $9 hurricanes aren't too bad, considering the location. It's probably a little pricier than other places, but it was good. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!This place was great. The hostess was so sweet and our waitress Latoya? put up with our shenanigans. 
We started with raw and charbroiled oysters. So good! We also had the redfish orleans (delicious), crawfish Crab cake dinner (decadent and amazing of course). shrimp and grits (classic), and southern fried catfish (so good).
We ended with the bread pudding which I think we all had just enough room for one spoonful.
Would definitely recommend.Best attentive, friendly and warm service we've had this weekend ( thanks Theresa! ). Seafood Nachos and Louisiana Crawfish bread are deeelicious. Generous portions, and lots of crawfish in our dishes.  Combining the crunch of the seafood nachos with tasty chargrilled oysters was a great surprise.  My wife loved the Moscow Mule, and doubly so having one to-go. Love New Orleans! Will definitely come back to eat here.Went there for dinner tonight and food was good. A little bit too seasoned. Wait time was reasonable and staff was friendly. Only complaint is that they plated my rice too earl before the fish and vegetables so by the time I got it, the rice was cold and I had to send it back. Very rookie mistake.Amazing service, authentic vibes, and delicious fresh food that's moderately priced! We loved the staff-especially the bartenders!Best raw oysters in town. The Fish House  Seafood platter is great and big enough for too. Ask for Gina when you go. She is the best waitress we have ever had in any restaurant in New Orleans.Probably the best raw oysters I've ever had. Meaty and flavorful. We ordered a dozen and then another half dozen because they were so good. Attentive service. My Old Fashioned wasn't mixed too well but that's the only complaint I have.Went here on a Saturday night when visiting NOLA for the first time, and the food was just OK. I had the Crawfish Crabcakes with a side of jambalaya and they were just decent - not great, but not bad either. I would say they quality was not up to par with the price here.
With that being said, the server was very friendly and we did not have a wait time even with a party of 7 on a Saturday night.Had dinner at Mr. Ed's in late-February during my vacation in New Orleans.  Started with a Debbie's Rum Punch, followed by Crawfish Pies appetizer, and a Shrimp Po-Boy as the main course.  Food was good and service attentive and friendly.Loved the red beans and rice!! The bartender Mike was awesome! He took really good care of us!I'm so glad I ordered something that was out of my norm. The Charbroiled Oysters are absolutely amazing. For someone that does not like the look or "imagined" texture... I tore into the conservative 1/2 dozen that I ordered. The red beans and rice are seasoned with love and flavor. The grilled chicken poboy was well marinated. The drinks were nice and strong. Krys, our server was the cherry on top! Music and atmosphere was perfect! Manager came by to personally check on us. Great choice for the evening. $57 tab.I liked this place, yes it's a bit corny and a tourist kind of joint but the food is good the oysters are fat and the bananas foster pie was delish. and the staff were awesomeWonderful! Fun!  Yummy!  These are a few words I'd use to describe our dining experience here. The server was so friendly and wonderful. The food was fresh and so good. I loved the crawfish pie! The Hurricanes are great too! This was a great find. I highly recommend it!The oysters were definitely a 5 Star. The cocktails However SUCKED!!!! Don't eve bother getting a drink, 10 bucks for virgin Moscow mulesIf you're going to indulge in New Orleans' oysters, Mr. Ed's is the place to be. There are 2 or 3 locations,  and I visited the newest one on Bienville (French Quarter), which has been open only a few months. I noticed there were a good number of diners inside (at midday), which is always a good sign, especially for a brand new place. I knew off the bat I wanted oysters on the half shell. To my amazement, these bad boys were HUGE, plump, juicy and entirely delicious. Did I mention HUGE?! These weren't rinky dink oysters. And FRESH! I asked the staff and found out they have their own fishermen who go out every morning to get oysters out of the Gulf,  no middle man. That means a short, safe, fresh journey from the Gulf to my gullet. Love that! Add to it really friendly staff, accommodating and jovial...you can tell they really enjoy what they do. I was only going to get a small snack of half a dozen, but I enjoyed myself so much I ordered 2 dozen (my fiance ate with me). You'll find LOTS of oyster bars around, especially in the French Quarter, but Mr. Ed's has them ALL beat. It's a classy bar (Note: not sketchy) with the highest quality fare, yet a relaxed atmosphere, and VERY wallet-friendly. Having walked around looking for a good oyster bar, it seems other places will either be (1) lower quality or (2) too pricey. You won't be disappointed at Mr. Ed's!  :-DThe food is sooooo New Orleans... love it! 
The hospitality is welcoming and, just remember to go on an empty stomach, cause you will be filling up, quantities are large!We pulled into New Orleans and we were starving so we stopped here, the first place we saw. And I'm so glad we did!!!! Our waiter Russell was perfect. Friendly, down-home charm with just enough chit chat and impeccable service. There are two tables outside and we got one. The street is noisy but that's the city for you. 
We had our two kids with us and Russell explained very nicely what they have for kids. My daughter wanted to try jumbalaya but doesn't like shrimp and Russell said no problem, he would make that happen. My husband asked for a good strong drink so we had Hurricanes. Delish and strong. My husband and I shared the combo plate and sausage gumbo soup, all fantastic. Especially the crawfish étouffée. 
Go here! You'll love it! The inside is charming as well and all of the staff so friendly. Food came out fast enough; not so fast that they are just scooping stuff onto plates from vats. :)It only was the food absolutely amazing and very well priced for the city, but Lyndsie our server was incredibly well versed in the menu and pointed us to options that were exactly what we wanted. Seriously request this server you will not be disappointed. This place was the perfect dinner to end our New Orleans vacation. In case you don't get her, the garlic parm oysters are incredible!Mr Ed's exemplifies a great culinary experience!  From welcoming staff upon entry, to talented Chef's, to clean n pristine establishment to wonderful cuisine .. What more could one want or ask for?
The seafood gumbo, charbroiled sinful oysters with jalapeño on the side to a bountiful wedge salad ... Amazing!   Ps - next time, skip the salad n double or triple up on the oysters!Alright....
Forget Acme.
Felix's had their turn too. 
The reign of Ed has begun. 
Bask in his Majesty. 
The oysters are fat and fresh. The hurricanes are tart and strong and the service is all smiles. 
Sit at the bar and get faster service. 
Come hungry.This was our second time visiting Mr. Ed's and it was just as delicious as the first. I ordered the shrimp and grits and bf ordered the catfish and shrimp platter. Mine was absolutely delicious and he loved his as well. Service was great and quick. They shuck the oysters fresh daily and you can even watch the guy at the bar do it! This is such a hidden gem in the French Quarter and the prices are very fair for the portion size and quality. I ordered one drink here and it was just "okay" but I'll let it slide since the food was ridiculously good. We will definitely be back on our next trip.