One of our favorite eateries, food is always on point and you can't beat the prices. We are frequent NOLA visitors and Ed's is always a must.I wouldn't call it a fancy restaurant because the menus had creases, grease stains, and the servers' aprons were dirty. However, the food was sooooo good. Definitely try the crawfish spinach dip and the orleans pasta (it had shrimp and crawfish over angelhair.)Redfish Pontchatrain was delicious! Service okay and whatever you do don't try to valet park. The valet took off with our keys!I have lived in new orleans my entire life and actually live 1 block from this restaurant. I have had a bad experience every time I have tried to eat here and vow to never go back. Because it is so close, I have given them multiple opportunities to change my mind. This was the final straw. $16 for an oyster po boy with 8 count them, 8 fried oysters. Total rip and an awful place to eat. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.Got the Stuffed Pepper special.  Meh. This is a classic example of institutional food.  the recipe had no zip.  The preparation had zero love.  Clearly the bell pepper had been cooked separately, probably microwaved.  The filling was just a boring ground beef glop with a few shrimp thrown in and either kept in a steam table or microwaved.  Scoop and place in a pepper half, spoon on the blah blah red sauce and heat in an oven for a very few minutes and then over salt it.  Really?  
The pepper was under cooked but I could tolerate that because I even like them raw.  The filling was barely warm..the 2nd pepper half was cold to the touch before I finished the first half.  Yes, I finished this lunch because 1) I was hungry, 2) I can tolerate mediocre food, and 3) I had no time to find another lunch venue.  I am sure that the kitchen staff followed the recipe procedure as the place is still a new restaurant and probably still monitors their help.  But the recipe and cooking process was so lackluster that it reeked of "I don't care."
Not poisonous, not horrible, but definitely sub par.  I desperately want to like this place because it's so close to my work and I need an alternative to Slice and Voodoo BBQ.  But the food don't cut it.  Sorry.  If the food is like this just after opening, I am not expecting it to get any better.  Maybe the fried dishes are better.The food was fantastic.  Loved the raw oysters. I only had the IPA but definitely a great beer. Clean and very friendly. Erian was our tender server and was fantastic. Making it back durring our stay.Just happen to go in during a rainstorm super friendly crowd great food good beers what else could you ask for other than a hotel right next-door to go and crash at.Amazing food!!! Highly recommend. We are from Seattle and wanted some great Cajun seafood with a twist. We had the seafood over pasta in a Parmesan cream sauce and it was mouth watering. We also enjoyed the red beans and rice, jambalaya, and crab cakes. I would definitely eat there again. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because the waiter wasn't very attentive. But we got our food in a reasonable amount of time, so it was ok overall.Stopped at Mr. Ed's for a late lunch while on my trip home. Waitress was very nice and quick. Food came out hot and fresh. Only thing we didn't like is the entrees coming out at different times. I ordered chicken strips and French fries for my 2 y.o nephew but he proceeded to eat my red beans which were exceptionally good. Fried fish was okay but nothing to rave about. The rest of my group enjoyed their meals (fried chicken, potato salad, red beans, crab cakes) as well.The calamari was outstanding! We had the fried sampler platter that had catfish, shrimp, chicken and jambalaya. Everything was amazing and highly recommended. The fried chicken was juicy and mouthwatering. The catfish had just the right amount of breading on it to taste perfect. Then the shrimp well there are just no words it was outstanding.I've been in the restaurant business for 30 years in Chicago so believe me when I say I can't find enough words of praise for this restaurant and crew! We arrived at the neighboring hotel late on Friday while they were closing up but we popped in and met Kevin who happily served up two dozen oysters with prosecco... We returned the next day to try Willys char grilled oysters which were a masterpiece! Then chef brought out crawfish beignets while Misty served up a great bloody Mary!!! We returned a third time in 3 days!  A combination of great food with sincere and attentive service in an unassuming setting where you can watch a game with out the chaos of the quarter...I can't wait to plan our next weekend trip!! Thank you all!Horrible.  seafood should be AlWAYS fresh in Louisiana.  We stopped our order after the dozen of raw oysters we ordered.  We smelled like bad seafood all night.  Couldn't wash it off.  Gross. Never experienced anything like it before.  Go local and non chain.  Our kids wouldn't even eat there fry app.  On top of it the floor was so slippery from I don't know what.  ?? Don't waste your timeGreat and charming place and great service.  Charbroiled oysters were tasty and VERY VERY small...like pea size!!!!  Red Beans and rice were just OK and not much flavor.  Fried fish was OUTSTANDING!!!!  Great place and I think you good do better....need some tweaking is all.....This place is good and homey. I had the stuffed peppers and was expecting the usual, but they were so flavorful! I scraped the plate with my fork, I would've licked it but I've been told that it's not socially acceptable behavior for an adult (in public). I can't recall what the other people in my group had but they liked their entrees too.My wife and I had lunch here today and we ordered the parmasen cheese and garlic oysters along with a order of crab and crayfish crab cakes and some chicken gumbo... It was very tasty  and it was nice and fresh. Very nice restaurant  our waiter was a bit chatty  I would not have minded but he did not bring us water or take a drink order until I asked him to get me a drink.So, I've eaten here a couple of times, the food is pretty good. The problem is the service, we all know bad service makes a great meal suck. I work late and was plesntly surprised the first time I stopped by, the staff was friendly and accommodating, the second time I felt like I was intruding on them by getting there at 915, today's experience will drive me away forever. I walked in the door at 920 planning a quick bite at the bar, I was promptly informed that they close at 9pm (the sign on the door says 10), I asked about the bar and recived a quickly dismissing "No, we closed at 9". That's fine, they have lost my business but I work in the casino and spend a lot of time recommending restaurants to tourists, I think I'll send them somewhere where the staff understands how customer service is suppose to work!We stopped at Mr. Ed's in NOLA and did not know it was a franchise. It looked very upscale. Hubby and I shared the seafood platter for two. They should have said for four! The shrimp and oysters were wonderful. I did not care for the catfish. I love catfish and was very disappointed. This the only reason for the 4 star. Our service was wonderful and we enjoyed the conversation with our waiter.Outstanding food and service!  Acacia not only handled the bar with professionalism and promptness, but provided courteous and attentive food service as well.  Ruwan managed the restaurant tirelessly and made me feel very welcome.  My grilled red fish was perfect.  Plenty of televisions to keep-up with the evening games.  Acacia even programmed the set nearest me to my preferred ball game.  I am a huge convert to the Garden District and Mr. Ed's on St. Charles is within easy walking distance of so many fine hotels and right on the trolley line, you just shouldn't miss it.  Stay clear of the French Quarter hype and enjoy at evening of great food at drink at Mr. Ed's!Recommended by both the hotel concierge and my Uber driver, I decided to give it a try. Mr. Ed's did not disappoint. I couldn't make my mind up on a meal so I got the "Taste of New Orleans" which is a Cajun sampler plate with jambalaya, red beans and rice, and crawfish ettouffe (sp?). It was delicious! Nice ambiance, the service was good, no wait for a table, and the food was tasty.This was by far the worst dining experience I have ever had in New Orleans.
Our waitress, Tiffany, was wonderful. Everything else was horrible.
I got the swordfish special. The food came out cold. The mashed potatoes were hard as a rock and tasted like they were powdered mashed potatoes as opposed to real ones. The asparagus looked a few years old and my swordfish was so severely dried out I couldn't even swallow one bite.
I sent it back and the manager came over to the table and tried to tough talk me into eating it anyway. He kept asking if I even knew anything about swordfish. What an a-hole. I finally had to ask him what the hell point he was trying to make. He told me it was an expensive piece of fish and he couldn't believe that I wanted a different one. I was tempted to stand up and show this little Napoleon who was boss, but I was too tired and too hungry to really get into it with him.
Tiffany promptly brought out another dinner, which was an improvement, but the swordfish was just so damn fishy I still couldn't eat it.
I have never had a manager be so confrontational when I was not satisfied with my meal.
I will never, ever go here again and I suggest you stay away as well.I had been seeing this place while running down St. Charles. I stopped in tonight and had a great experience. I had the crawfish bread and a seafood platter, and the food was great. My waiter, Charles, it was a delight.Good seafood restaurant. When we were there they had some great lunch specials but also had fresh oysters. When we entered the "shucker" was right near the entrance and offered a free taste. Very nice atmosphere with prompt service.This is our second night going to Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar. The food was very 
delicious, tonight we ordered the white fish special with some vegetables, grill oysters with some garlic and cheese. The best was the yummy dessert bread pudding with their special sauce. What made it Special was our waitress Rakhal, she was very personable and every time we ask her a question she gave us her honest opinion. 
Rakhal, Thank you for making our dinner so enjoyable and relaxing... I wish I could stay longer, so I could try other dish on your menu. I hope that when I come back to Nola, that we get to see you again.  
Evelyn GGood, basic New Orleans seafood restaurant.  Complete of favorites.  Oysters were fresh and tasty.  Gumbo and jambalaya excellent.  My friends had well prepared fried shrimp and oysters.  The dinner menu has chargrilled options that were jot available for
lunch.  Atmosphere us casual and clean.    Service was working furiously to adapt to the post-Mardi Gras chaos of missing workers, and lack of prep cooks.  I will try again in a few weeks once the city recovers.  It is worth looking for and finding this place that is easy to miss amidst its glitzier neighbors.My friends and  I all ordered something different.  I had the grilled redfish tasty but my vegetables were overcooked. The Cobb salad with grilled chicken was pleasing. The angel hair pasta and meatballs struggled the sauce tasted burnt .The meatballs were huge hamburgers and the pasta overcooked. We all voted this is tourist food not authentic NOLAFirst of all it wasnt really busy but the wait was still 45 min. We sat down ordered and still waited almost an hour before food was served. I ordered the New Orleans platter which was cold, sent it back waited again for it only to be brought out luke warm. This place reminds me of Mall food just below average. The food was not worth the wait.. Also our waiter  wasnt very helpful, it was like he was bothered and his comment regarding his tip"WOW"!!!. First of all we had to flag him down to order, get drink refills and to return the cold food we waited over an hour for, so tiping you almost $30.00 wasnt an option. So if its basic yr looking for than this would be the place.The best chargrilled oysters in NOLA! Will is the best oyster chef in town and Misty is the best damn bartender. She is super sweet and she definitely knows how to mix some cocktail! 10 out of 10 would dine again! Everyone needs to visit Mr. Ed's!Went there over an HOUR before close (10PM) and the manager turned our table-of-4 away. Walked across the street and ate somewhere else. What a crappy manager, denying his staff the tips.
Google says 11PM. If you want to close earlier - CHANGE YOUR HOURS. Seems so simple.I thought I would be disappointed but I was pleased with the food. Forget the service. It was terrible. Food is excellent. Red beans and rice are the best in NOLA!The raw oysters were good. The rest of the food was nothing special. Definitely more hype just because of it's location.Amazing food and drinks! I had the redfish and red beans and rice ... phenomenal! Would absolutely recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.I was really excited to experience Mr. ED's Oyster House after reading the reviews on Yelp. We visited the St. Charles Ave. Location after driving  by the French Quarter location and seeing people standing outside waiting to get in. What a big mistake we made. I ordered the Seafood Platter which consisted of fried catfish, shrimp, and oysters. Everything on my plate was fried way to long. My oysters  were crispy and I was so disappointed with my meal that I lost my appetite. Our waiter was attentive, but I question a waiter who does not recognize when food is over cooked. A really good waiter doesn't present food to his guest thats not right. I think this location serves more ltalian food than seafood. Most of the guest around us had ordered Italian. The dishes look delishes and the customers appeared to be pleased.When the soft shelled crab is in season, it is the most amazing meal on the planet.  Get it covered in crawfish etoufee.
If you happen to sit at the bar, I hope Erin Punch is working.  She is an expert bar tender and even better conversationalist.
Mr. Ed himself even walked in and said hi!Best charbroiled oysters I have ever had.  Will is who prepared the charbroiled.  The raw oysters are good quality as well.  Service is great as well.  Nothing to complain, highly recommend.Nice atmosphere. Really good food. 
The surly waiter kinda spoiled the whole experience. He acted superior.
Maybe he is having a bad day. We all have bad days, but it to job. Suck it up. You're representing the Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar brand, and dare I say, The City of New Orleans, with all of its tourism business.
All that said, I would go there again and hope I get a different waiter.Where the locals go! Our bartender at another NO hotspot was impressed we went here and got out of the Quarter. Excellent service, excellent oysters, and the fried green tomatoes were a culinary masterpiece. I tried the turtle soup for the novelty, and it was pretty good. Head to the Garden District for Mr. ed's!The fresh salmon wasn't. Service was slow.  The total time at restaurant was 90+ minutes.  Waitress,  was mentally not there.  Worst dining experience ever.Just beautiful inside at night with the colored lights and the art. All the best of the NOLA experience is here!  I'm going to steal Alfredo, our waiter, and take him with me everywhere I go!
Walked in after a long day in the sun at Jazz Fest and we were seated right away even though the restaurant was packed and it was almost closing time.  Very friendly and welcoming hostesses.
Got oysters (13 for the price of 12) , fried green tomatoes with rémoulade sauce, and the seafood and chicken gumbo.  got plenty of cocktail sauce and all the fixin's.  Didn't have enough remoulade on the plate so asked Alfredo to bring more which he did immediately with a bight smile :-)  
one comment on my chicken and sausage gumbo, it was a bit salty for my taste.  The seafood gumbo was really interesting and delightful.  It had a big ole crab claw in it.  Yum!
Sazerac was very nice, too.  $8 for Sazerac and $6 for a beer.  Oysters were $15 per doz.
This place was an oasis for us.Amazing food, killer drinks, awesome service at a reasonable price. 
We had chargrilled oysters for our appetizer. Could have done with a little less Parmesan; the oysters were too good to cover the flavor. We had Redfish Maison and Crawfish Ettoufee as entrees. I was stuffed but didn't want to quit eating. Oh so good!!!
Great service. I appreciate when the food prep area is open. It shows pride and confidence in their service.I have lived in new orleans my entire life and actually live 1 block from this restaurant. I have had a bad experience every time I have tried to eat here and vow to never go back. Because it is so close, I have given them multiple opportunities to change my mind. This was the final straw. $16 for an oyster po boy with 8 count them, 8 fried oysters. Total rip and an awful place to eat. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worsThe food is amazing. They have great lunch specials every day. The grilled oysters are out of this world.It was delicious. The crab cakes were amazing. The Cajun cheese bread was awesome. The service couldn't have been better. Already planning our next trip.My Ed's, great place to eat.  The environment is extremely relaxing and the food was tasty.. I ordered the shrimp and grits; and it did not disappoint.   The fried fish was tasty as well.. Service was great as well as food.. THUMBS up for service as well as Food..Oysters are good. Most food is fried and I found it all salty. You want better oysters? Go across the street to The Pelican for happy hour. Wait staff here are great, though. Friendly and good. I just wasn't a fan of their food outside of the raw oysters. I also found them pricey, but portions are large.I moved away from New Orleans 32 years ago and struggle to find authentic food whenever I can. The great news is that this place is right next door to my new favorite hotel in New Orleans -- Maison St. Charles. I've not worked my way through the entire menu, but there's always next time.
The food is well-prepared, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are reasonable. They have some clever dishes -- like the Gumbolaya, which is a mashup of Gumbo and Jambalaya -- along with traditional favorites.
Okay, so where is the missing star? They were a little short on the condiments and the bread I asked for to go with dinner wasn't what I'd expect from a city where one can still find authentic French bread all over town.This place was recommended by 4 different sources. The oysters were excellent. The blackened catfish was on point and the Peach Cobbler fed four of us.First time going, and it was delicious. Great ambience!!! Loved the stuffed soft shell crab. Will definitely return.I ordered a dozen oysters Grilled, and the crabcakes, and I was not disappointed with either. The oysters were neither too small or too large, and even though I was dining by myself, I struggle to finish this meal.  I'll be back !Restaurant was clean. Food was fresh. Service was great, friendly. I asked for recommendations and the waitress was very helpful. I ordered the chicken gumbo and the charbroiled oyster platter.  I was happy with my meal. I'd eat here again.TOWNER IS AMAZING! I love a server that is knowledgeable and attentive. His personality is great and I can't wait to visit again to see him and have great food as well.Fantastic food, service, & drinks!
Our waiter was fantastic and was great at recommending some delicious libations and food. 
I will definitely be returning next time I am back!PHONY HOURS OF OPERATION!!!! I was visiting from Houston, TX and heard great things about this restaurant. I walked through the doors at approximately 9pm and was quickly told "we closed"...I'm almost certain that the hours online state they close at 10pm. Allegedly they stopped seating at 9:30pm, but it wasn't even 9:30pm yet. Needless to say I WILL NOT BE BACK. I have this thing about not patronizing places with horrible service.This is the best gumbo and fried chicken I've ever had and make sure you leave room for the bread pudding!Myself, husband and kids visited this restaurant and we all enjoyed our food . Service was great as well. Will definitely add to our list of family spots to eat at.Very disappointing place- walk in my first choice was crawfish, I asked the girl was more interested in her texting, anyhow no crawfish so I sat down and ordered my second choice - the pork chops, I ordered and 30 minutes later I got them- MY GOD!! they were dark brown burnt- I took a bit then I asked the waiter if they were supposed to look like that- he knew what I was saying cause he picked up the dish and left, I canceled and paid for my ice tea and the wilted lettuce salad- I had to pick out all the slimy brown pieces of lettuce out.
Quite frankly, it's worth the drive to Deanies or other places- this was the only disappointing place since our visitWe started with fried green tomatoes and chicken and andouille gumbo. The coating on the tomatoes was so good and crispy! Hubby said gumbo was good and had plentiful amounts of chicken. Next came my red beans and his fried oyster platter. It was also soooo good. Will definitely return!I'll never go back.  The service was terrible.  We could have finished our meal and left 45 minutes earlier if our waiter was more attentive.  The meal was served at best warm, and the waiter asked if I wanted tauter sauce and more drinks.  After 15 minutes I had to ask the hostess for it and finally got the sauce and waited more time for the drinks.  During this time the waiter was only serving two other tables, and folding napkins most of the time.  One of my guest had sweetened tea and he re-served unsweetened tea twice in a row.  After I asked for a couple of go-boxes and the check, it took another 10+ minutes, and yes, folding napkins again.
But this was better service than the Metairie location I attended 2 years ago.  We never got a table.  We sat in front of the Host for 45 minutes watching others go and come.  When we finally asked why we couldn't get a table, he said he called my name three times; funny thing was that we were sitting within ten feet of his station looking right at him the whole time.  He flat out lied and made no apologies.  We left without eating.
I'm not giving it three strikes.  They're out in my opinion.  Quality of the food-So So. No Stars at all in my opinion.Best poboy I've had in New Orleans, and the wait staff are incredibly attentive and friendly! We brought 2 picky eaters with us, and they loved it as well.I was very impressed. I had the crawfish omelette - DELICIOUS. My Debbie's Rum Punch was very refreshing. I was very pleased with the shrimp gumbo and oh the banana foster pie was perfect ending to a perfect Sunday BrunchCharbroiled oysters were decent. They certainly had too much seasoning and oil. 
I ordered a plate of 12 charbroiled oysters. These come out sizzling hot in the shell, breaded and sitting in a butter/oil blend. 
The first few were tasty. But the flavor was so overwhelmingly oily and salty, it was too much. The plate was drenched in oil/butter. 
The flavors were good, but in a frozen kind of way. The primary emphasis was on the breading and oil, with very little respect for the oyster flavor.I enjoyed this location. This was my first time there, I went for happy hour mon-fri 3-6pm they have great options for $5 I had the fried green tomatoes, crabs fish balls and some oysters! Everything was fantastic, customer service was great!Overpriced touristy seafood trap.  Slow service.  Food was mediocre and doesn't match up to plenty of other options in the city.I had the ribeye with BBQ shrimp on top that the waiter Charles suggested. It was delicious!  Charles gave great advise on all of our menu selections.   I will stop by if I ever am in New Orleans again.Really good! The food selection was nice, all the classics and a few others worth a try. The food was spiced well and the portion size is large but not ridiculous. The staff was knowledgeable and polite and our server Davey was the best!We tried Mr.Ed's this weekend.  We wanted to valet, but a valet never came out, so we parked our vehicle ourself in the empty lot.  The restaurant was clean, decorated nicely with local artwork, and had a friendly staff.  We ate at the bar and our bartender was very attentive.  My husband enjoyed his Old Fashion cocktails and I had Debbie's rum punch, which tasted great.  We ordered a dozen raw oysters, which were freshly shucked for us.  Maybe it's just the batch we had, but they weren't salty or briny like LA oysters normally are.  We also selected two appetizers, the calamari and eggplant sticks.  Both were fried nicely, not greasy at all, but both lacked flavor and salt.  The calamari had way too much batter on them and were mostly all rings.  When we pulled off in our vehicle, a valet approached us and signaled to roll the window down.  My husband did, and the valet had the nerve to say, "Hey man, what cha' got for me?  I'll even takes a dollar."  Again, we parked our own car!  We won't return.Cool little place that is out of the way. Brought my students here and had to order another platter of shrimp they liked them so much. I will be back. The food is delicious and the price is great. Nice portion size and friendly staff.I went here with my boyfriend and we both left really disappointed. We ordered two entrees (soft shell crab special and then redfish with étouffée on top) which took 40 minutes. The restaurant was probably half full when we went so this is no excuse and our server was nowhere to be found during this time. At the 20 minute mark, he assured us that our food was almost ready but we then waited another 20 minutes. When it finally came out, it was mediocre at best. The fish entree tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. I've been a server before for years so I know when a plate has been sitting under a lamp for a while. The soft shell crab (which our server kept hyping up) was bland and a much smaller portion than the server made it out to be. Our bill was about $60 for two and we didn't get anything other than those entrees. I don't mind paying but when the service and food are unsatisfactory, it makes me mad. We could have spent that somewhere else so much better and been happy with our dinner. This city has too many good restaurants to ever return to this place.I really like the location on Live Oak.  It's got an Old New Orleans neighborhood vibe.  I've had consistently good meals there.  I wasn't happy with this location.  It's expensive, touristy and the food just wasn't very good.  
I had the blackened redfish with crawfish etoufee with rice.  It was a modest piece of fish vastly over salted with an average amount of crawfish and a tiny dollop of rice.  Could have brought us out some Leidenheimer's or something to fill us up because our portions were small for the prices charged.  
I ordered the bread pudding because I was hungry after dinner.  I like the consistency a lot but it's pretty sweet with the praline sauce.  My wife ordered coffee and was served the worst creamer I have ever seen.  The tab was over $80 and we only had iced tea so to bring us this Sysco container of chemicals was a real insult.  I am still angry I ate here.The beautiful hostess is tried to take me upstairs and hide all my beautifulness from the main happenings down stairs in this quaint cafe in "the khaw-ders."
"You not gone leave me up here by myself, are you?" I asked, COMPLETELY serious. I think I must've threw her for a loop: she hesitate and said. "Fine M'aam just c'mon..." feeling the tear of trust between us I quickly asked her opinion about the menu (Power I'd such a delicate thing to keep in check), and she came alive, settled in and gave me her take on what to gobble-up on the menu.
She was as right as right could be!
I ordered the red beans & rice with grilled andouille and a side of cornbread. Lawd have mercy I wanted to slap my mama. Blam! Right up side her face o woulda if I coulda.
I'm in Naw'lins for seven days and I imagine I'll return and hopefully to that front window table that allowed me to position myself in the direction of the Riverfront Outlets.... they too were awesome and worthy of a second helpingWent here today for my boss' birthday.  I got the shrimp poboy.  One of the best shrimp poboys I've had.  My boss got the stuffed miraliton.  She loved it.  The other person got 10 ounce cheeseburger and he loved it.  And the other person had troast beef poboy.  It was dry.  It needed more gravy and the roast needed salt and garlic...more flavor.  They also brought bread pudding, for the birthday girl and it was amazing! I will be back soon.Mr. Ed would not be happy with our meal this evening.
Oysters on the half shell were perfect. Briny, cold, plump, wow...
The pineapple margarita was downright awesome. Bar service by Misty was superb. She made us feel like regulars.
But...
The char-grilled oysters were not good at all. Way, way too salty. And the little baby bivalves were dry and sometimes, non-existent. Why not serve the big juicy ones? Huh?
The grilled shrimp and andouille sausage over lima beans was equally disappointing. First, they were butterbeans...second, the shitty little shrimp was boiled, not grilled. If you don't know a lima bean from a butterbean, go home.
The service almost made up for the kitchen mishaps. 
Go early. Lots of good $5 food and drink specials.
We'll try again.We ordered barbecue shrimp as an appetizer and then got into oysters. Shrimp really exceeded my expectations. What flavor and the French bread was perfect. The oysters were fabulous half dozen iced raw and a dozen charbroiled. Large and juicy. Best tasting oysters I've had in a very long time. Before this visit to New Orleans is over, I'll be back to Mr. Eds. Did I mention that the service was great?  It was.The serve was horrible and most of the food was tooo. It was a buzzy Mother's Day.. and they just did not have enough servers....the oysters were huge in size but lacked flavor. The food was ok... but did not live up to my expectations...Fantastic! We came here twice during our stay in NOLA! The charcoal oysters were the best - all fresh  ingredients!! Will choose Mr. Ed's over Acme Oyster House all day everyday! You won't be disappointed!We were staying half mile down the street and felt like eating in our timeshare. We saw Mr. Eds from the trolly home so we called in a to go order for shrimp and grits and oyster po boy with dressing on the side. By the time we walked down to the restaurant, the bartender packaged our ready order with all the extras we requested - lemons, Tabasco.  Pleasant bar to hang out at while waiting. I saw a sign for $2 Dixie or Miller lite. I would have partaked had the order not been ready. I forgot I could have walked out with an open container. Oh well, I needed both hands to carry the food. Like I needed a drink after doing the FQF all day.Excellent service, food and customer service. One of the best gumbo in town by far....The smoked oysters are phenomenal! Best I've ever had. Service was great. We sat at the bar and Kevin the bartender was awesome!Stopped in here on our first night in New Orleans. This was a great start.
Had our first ever charbroiled oysters. We only ordered 1/2 dozen since it was our first time. We'll never make that mistake again! Garlic and parmesan and oyster liquor. How have I managed to not have this before?
Alligator jalepeno poppers made for a tasty appetizer. A little meaty, a little spicy, a little crunchy.
Smothered cabbage with a pork chop wasn't typical of what we found elsewhere during our trip, but it was quite fulfilling. The cabbage was perfectly cooked in a rich sauce. The pork chop was okay, and it was treated as an add-on, just like the name of the dish had promised.The food here was good! The service was abominable. For me, the awful service entirely overshadowed the quality food. The waitress asked if we wanted refills on our drinks and then took 20+ minutes to deliver them. We were charged for drinks that we did not order. We ordered coffee and dessert, but instead of delivering them the waitress simply dropped off our check. She did not clear any of our dishes, including our appetizers, until after delivering us our check. The only explanation we could come up with for service this bad was that perhaps our waitress was high; it was much worse than I'd expect from an inexperienced server.We found this place after searching for seafood, and I'm so glad we did! The complimentary valet parking was a breeze. We sat at the bar for happy hour to enjoy some drinks and dinner. The service was ten stars from Towner, Misty, and Debora. They made sure we had everything we needed and more! We left feeling like we had made new friends. We ordered the spinach dip, Mac and cheese with slow cooked beef on top, and the catfish and shrimp dinners. All of the food was delish!