Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable price. The shrimp and goat cheese crepes are a must have!This place was so yummy and decently priced. I felt that the escargot would have been better as traditional escargot but the playing was nice. You can dine with the ghost (former owner of the mansion who killed himself on their 2nd floor) for an additional $50. The table is by itself in a cold dungeony room.Trying to find a restaurant in The Big Easy that serves vegetarian is not an "Easy" feat
We've encountered many the restaurant who would tell us time & time again that they did not have or *would* not make something to accommodate veggie needs & it was such a letdown.....to this day I still remember 1 guy saying "Vegetarian?  Aww, you gotta get out earrrrrly for *that*".  We still laugh about it....
Well, over the last few years, we're noticing more & more places recognizing veggies like to eat Southern / Cajun comfort food & they are starting to open up their menus to us! ( YAY)
Seeing that Muriel's Jackson Square had such an offering, we made rezzies to ensure we veggies got fed - you'll want to do this too - veggie or not!  They were packed & quoting 2 hr waits & this was at 9pm!
Started w/ drinkys at the bar - Sazerac for the Mr & I had the uber-delish Honey Child cocktail: honey-infused vodka & muddled blackberries.  The Mr liked mine so well that he ordered 1 too, to go w/ dinner & just to be nice, I had another as well so he wouldn't have to drink alone
Their veggie appie had eggplant, of which I'm not a fan so we asked the waitress if they could make their Goat Cheese Crepe, veggie & she said sure.  Since the description said it was topped w/ crawfish, we thought, this would be easy..... but unfortunately, the roulade sauce was made seafood stock. ACK!  Wished you had told us this!  The Mr however, said the crepe was nice & plump, the goat cheese was creamy & smooth & he liked it, barring the sauce
Mains consisted of their Veggie Soiree - this was a sampling of little dollops of veggie tastes - some you'll find on their side dish offerings & some not
Divine beets & roasted acorn squash
Polenta topped w/ chickpeas & a basil sauce - flavorful though those beans were crunchy & could have used a bit more time in the cooker.... same w/ the crunchy wild rice
Yams were very flavorful & had lots of ginger - the Mr got to indulge in both our dollops of chard - I tried a bite & it triggered my dislike for cooked greens
Too full for dessert, we left w/ happy tummies & thankfulness for a nice veggie night out.  A-OK night!Excellent food, ambiance and location! I ate there for lunch during this trip to NOLA with my friend. I had the artichoke and crab salad - it was SO good! My mouth waters thinking of it now. My friend ate the grilled and roasted vegetable platter and everyhing was excellent! I highly recommend!When giving friends from out of town a tour of the French Quarter, one can only expect they want some classic New Orleans dishes. I've been here a couple of times, but they were the ones that wanted to go, due to their lunch special. It's a nice, well know restaurant that offers a 17.00 lunch special that includes a soup or salad, entree, and the option for a 4.00 Bloody Mary or martini. I got the Bloody Mary and it was a great size for the price. It was spicy and hit the spot.
They text message you when your table is ready, so were able to walk around the quarter while we waited. Thank god a lot of restaurants are getting rid of the those buzzers that make you feel like you are under house arrest. 
We sat down to a beautiful table right by the open shutters. The servers, were ok. They were busy, but forgot a couple of things we asked for. It was still a great experience though!
I got the pork chop with red beans and the turtle soup. The turtle soup was one of the best I have had. The pork chop was cooked to perfection and the read beans were seasoned very well. It came with cornbread, but it was very dry. After this lunch at noon, I didn't find myself hungry till it was basically time for bed. It was a very generous portion and well worth the money.
Muriel's is a great way to get a classic, good quality New Orleans meal at a decent price. The location is spectacular, and the history behind the restaurant made for great conversation at the table.
Definitely check it out if you are in the Quarter!Best meal in New Orleans!!! I was in a group of 4 and we were served by Travis, Susan & Caroline. I had the set price menu: strawberry salad appetiser, chicken entrée & chocolate cake dessert. The salad was fresh and a great start. The chicken is the best chicken I have ever eaten anywhere. It had crispy skin, but was the meat was extremely moist and the corn bread stuffing was superb. The cake was yummy, but very rich. One of our party is vegetarian and she LOVED her vegetable selection plate. The other 2 members had the pork with sweet potato mash and said it was excellent. The staff were wonderful and very attentive. Excellent location and definitely the best meal we had in New Orleans.Had brunch on NYE weekend. The decor is wonderful, you feel cozy the my minute you walk in. Ordered the Eggs Veney and didn't regret that decision because the whole plate was devoured in a matter of minutes. Great food, and a great experience!Muriel's is a great stop in NOLA. The goat cheese and shrimp crepes are by far the best food I ate in the city (perhaps anywhere ever) and the rest of the meal lived up to the appetizer. Service is great, venue is quintessential French Quarter. It's a little distracting to see ghost tours outside the window at dinner- but the food is so delicious, you won't mind the audience. Rumor has it that Muriel's is haunted, but the only thing other worldly I encountered was the cuisine.When you dine at Muriel's, check to see if the 2nd level is open for visitors. If so, you can briefly tour the lounge area upstairs (red couches, decorative pieces). There's a wrap-around balcony where you can get a great view of Jackson Square. 
If you're curious, learn why Muriel's is haunted and find out the story behind why there's a table that is always set for two located near the stairs. 
There are two main dining rooms, a middle section (indoor patio dining area) that I personally prefer because it is quieter, and a bar area located at the back near the restrooms. I love the indoor patio dining area because it brings a bit of the outdoors in a quiet indoor setting. 
On my first visit, I ordered from the dinner pre-fix menu which is a great deal (appetizer or soup + entrée + dessert = $40). The seafood gumbo soup was hearty and delicious. The dijon mustard encrusted salmon was cooked perfectly. The bread pudding was a great way to end a delicious meal.
I returned to Muriel's for lunch on another NOLA trip and tried the wood grilled pork chop. The pork chop was flavorful, tender, and moist. I was not too crazy about the red beans and rice it was served with as I found it a bit bland. The entrée was served in a bowl but should perhaps be served on a plate since it was difficult to slice the pork chop since it kept sinking into the bed of red beans and rice. 
Muriel's is one of the places I would love to return to because of the ambiance and the great food.The pork chop was fine but the wahoo was over cooked and dry. To their credit, they comped the wahoo dish. Service was poor. Waiter was overwhelmed with the number of tables he was tending to. Ambience was less than romantic and very loud. We heard good things about Muriel's but it fell way below expectations.Jazz brunch was amazing! 
Food - everything we ordered was great! Thanks for all the yelp recommendations. We went with the shrimp and goat cheese crepe, shrimp and andouille sausage omlet, and eggs benedict. We were so stuffed we couldn't bring ourselves to order the bread pudding. 
Music - at first we couldn't really hear the music, but to our pleasant surprise, the band moved from room too room and ended up playing right next to our table! The musicians were amazing. Loved all their energy and talent. 
Highly recommend!Delicious!  Great ambiance.  Attentive staff.  Cool history (rumored to be haunted).  Great view of Jackson Square.So I've returned to Muriels on a few trips with groups since my prior review, and it was fine, so no need to change for the better or worse...most recent visit, I'm strongly tempted to leave 1 star as it was so frustrating, but given i haven't written any since 2010 for more positive (but not exceptional) visits, it seems more fair to leave another 2 star one.
Made the mistake of coming in for a drink on the balcony on what happened to be Saint Patricks Day - albeit it was fairly vacant.  First time I've gone to the bar to get a drink and there was no one else waiting, just 2 people sitting at the bar, already served.
The bartender upon our arrival says she'll be right back - given we were ordering a sauv blanc and an iced tea, could have easily given our order prior to her departure.  She then left for over 10 minutes (during which time a manager or some other employee came behind the bar but made no acknowledgement of us, or attempted to take our order)...and then upon return, did not apologize, but asked if we've decided what we want...well, i decided prior to you leaving, and i sure as hell hope within 10 minutes I'd have decided on one drink!
She then took the other people who had accumulated's orders prior to serving our solitary glass of wine and one iced tea...and she asked if it was for here or to go, after taking out the glass. I said "for the balcony," (AKA NOT TO GO), and she switched it out with a plastic cup. Given $9.50 for a house sauv is greater than nyc and London pricing (and the cocktails are actually less in most cases), I would say that it could warrant an actual glass, to remain on venue - which we mentioned..and she stated that they were short of glasses given it's "saint pattys"...well, I'm sure you have a dishwashing machine. Regardless, she at no point said thank you, and was quite rude throughout, enough so that I truly regret my frequent visits, and one of us complained (about the cup, not the delay and rudeness) to management (however, had I complained, the rudeness would have been my primary issue, not the cup).
To note, the balcony was 100% empty - for the first time I've ever seen, so no, they were not busy, also evidenced by the lack of patrons at the bar.  Even at the point we left, there were only 2 more couples, whose orders she took prior to serving us, so not exactly a complete rush for which she would be stressed...nor did she go tot the restroom, so not sure where she went for 10+ minutes.  
Having been a server, and having brought many, many groups here over the years, and visiting multiple times every visit to nola, I found this pretty disappointing.  
That said, I'll still return, if only for a drink on the balcony, and hope there is a different bartender.Went here last week on my first trip to New Orleans.  It's a very fancy place, although my friends and I were in t-shirts.  The atmosphere is great, and the food was very good.  Since I was in N.O., I wanted to eat seafood and other traditional Cajun fare.  As I suspect most people do, I ordered the 3-course meal for $30.  The fried gator tail appetizer was very good, not too much breading.  I also tasted my friend's seafood gumbo, which was also quite good.  For my main course, I had the seafood au gratin, which was extremely rich (and very tasty).  I also tasted a friend's shrimp creole, which was only ok.  The bread pudding desert was excellent (very dense).  My friend ordered the brownie - don't waste your time.  All-in-all, I left with a full stomach of very good Louisiana food at a reasonable price.Muriels has delicious food and fantastic service! The goat cheese and crawfish crepes are AMAZING and the seafood stew so flavorful and satisfying! Even though we were stuffed we had to have dessert. Go to Muriel's and indulge. You will be happy you did!Fantastic restaurant located in the the heart of Jacksons square! The ambience was very classy. A bit pricey but, worth the experience. We opted for the pre-fixed menu, which included an appetizer, entree with about 5 different options and a desert. After dinner we took a trip upstairs where it is very eclectic. Although there is no food or beverage service on the patio, you can order a cocktail down stairs, and enjoy it on the patio over looking Jackson Square!Wonderful!  We had the shrimp risotto and fried green tomato stack-amazing!  For entrees, the yellow fin tuna and trout were especially tasty. Dessert of red velvet ice cream cookies knocked it out of the park. Our server, Brock, was delightful.I wish I could offer 3.5 stars but I cannot and 4 would be too many.
My date and I tried 5 items so I'll rate them all--salad was great, with a tart/sweet dressing in just the right amount.  The shrimp remoulade was good with plentiful fresh shrimp, but alas, was too salty.  The vegetarian entree was a bit odd and the items didn't have an apparent connection to one another.  I only enjoyed a couple of them.  The star of the night was the duck entree enjoyed by my date--wonderful sauce, crispy skin and perfectly prepared.  The bread pudding was saved from average by a wonderful praline topping that we both enjoyed immensely. 
All in all, I"d go back simply due to the beautiful surroundings and service.  The prices are also quite reasonable for the quality of the foodI ate here with my colleagues after a long day of meetings and we certainly enjoyed the very good food, and even attentive service. I had their gulf fish mahi mahi as an entree and mashed sweet potato as side. Excellent! I finished with the sorbet sampler and that was just right, not too much! I would recommend coming here and then going upstairs to check out their balcony facing Jackson Square.A neat old building with a history in the heart of the French Quarter.  I have had a few things off the menu and have never been disappointed, but I come back for the Turtle Soup.  It is the best I've had in the city.  Bartenders are friendly and the drinks are reasonably priced.  
You can  get in and out for lunch under $25. A alcoholic beverage, soup and half loaf of bread will run about $19.Great restaurant. Very cool and classy decor, a super nice waitress, and excellently prepared dishes. 
Food: The prix fixe menu prices were very reasonable with good choices. I especially liked the shrimp and goat cheese crepes - outrageously good. I also liked the pork chops - big, thick, fatty, and tasty. The bread pudding was delicious too. 
Service: super attentive and polite and personable waitress. 
Ambiance: very cool place, beautiful decor, historic building. 
Would definitely return.Went here on a pub crawl so my review is only for the bar area.  Place was nicely set up on the inside. I am not much of a mixed drink drinker since I tend to lose my inhibitions when hard liquor is involved.  The two drinks that were recommended to me were a Pim's cup and Sazerac.  I went with the Pim's cup and it was one of the best mixed drinks I have had in a really long time. It was very smooth and very refreshing. The cucumber garnish gave it a nice twist.  Would like to go back for dinner and try the food.What a lovely place! Just celebrated my engagement here and everything was perfect! We had the oysters as an appetizer (yummm) then the duck and beef which were delicious as well! We finished off with the bread pudding dessert and they brought us a carrot and ice cream cake for the occasion ! Wonderful end to a wonderful night!Made a quick stop in New Orleans & we're so glad we stopped here for lunch! The food was amazing. We ordered the crab cake and blacked fish - both so fresh and delicious. On top of that, they had $4 bloody mary's!
The service was great too - very knowledgeable about the food and the history of the building. They even shared some ghost stories with us, too bad we didn't run into the ghost of Antoine.
After eating we explored the building & sat on the balcony upstairs. The balcony overlooks Jackson Square and it's such a beautiful view. Such a great spot to sit, drink, and hear live music from the street :)Muriel's is wonderful. Great food and impeccable service. We ate in the dining room for lunch one day and another time just popped into the bar at the back for a drink and cooling off.  Zach the bartender is amazing!  And also a cutie. :)Beautiful building, great service and amazing location. Unfortunately the food was simply mediocre. My shrimp and grits were beyond greasy (how do you do that?) but the turtle soup was very good. I tasted the other entree, but can't recall the name. It was ok and expensive. 
All in all, the food quality didn't live up to the hype or the cost. With the amazing options in NOLA, I won't be back.FANTASTIC from the bread served at the table to the dessert. They made me an incredible hot toddy (since it was unseasonably cool and I had a sore throat) and their shrimp and grits made me wish i could have a second stomach so I could eat more!!Great food but over priced; but so are most of the local eateries in the French Quarter.  Average meal for 2 people costs a little over $100.I'm so happy my wife talked me into going here last week (July 11). It was one of the best dinners I've had in a really long time.
The service--from the hosts to the wait staff--is top notch. Very polite and attentive and, best of all, happy.  They all appeared like they enjoyed to be working there and serving the customers.
For appetizers we had the escargot and shrimp/goat cheese crepes. Both were outstanding. I've had better escargot but I can't complain about the ones here. Although those crepes were wonderful. 
For our entree we had the flank steak (perfectly cooked med-rare) and the BBQ shrimp and grits (cakes). The sauce on the shrimp...I can't explain it, but I wanted to grab the plate and drink it. We then split a creme brulee--it was average. Should have went with the bread pudding. 
Next time we visit NOLA, Muriel's will be a must. I highly recommend it.Went here for the Sunday Jazz brunch and loved it! Started with Bloody Mary's and the goat cheese and crawfish crepes, both great! But my highlight was my shrimp and grits! The Abita BBQ sauce they used in the shrimp was amazing! Still dreaming about it! Service was ok, he acted annoyed that we were there and like he said his schpele a thousand times.  jazz was fun,each room was different and cool decor.I made a reservation at Muriel's for myself and three friends, after reading the glowing reviews. We wanted to eat somewhere fun and elegant over the holidays, and Muriel's fit the bill. Overall, it was a leisurely dining experience in a nice atmosphere, but there were some missteps.
First, the menu and prices on the website were different than what we were given in the restaurant. Not a big deal unless you have your heart set on something before you go.
Then, we were served in a weird order. Three of us ordered the prix fixe menu, which includes appetizer, entree and dessert. One friend also ordered a salad and I ordered an oyster appetizer in addition to our prix fixe dinner. 
First, my two friends got their goat cheese crepe appetizer and I got my oysters. Then, after we ate that, they brought out MY goat cheese appetizer and my friend's salad. I would have thought they would have brought our oysters and salad first, then bring all of the goat cheese appetizers, but whatever.
The oyster appetizer was simply okay: fried oysters set atop shells containing creamed spinach. The parmesan cheese on top was crunchy and not pliable. Obviously not their signature dish.
The shrimp and goat cheese crepes were to die for. The crepe was light and tender and the cheese filling was creamy and savory. There was something off with the shrimp though...they were those transparent shrimp, I don't think they were gulf shrimp.
For my entree, I had the pecan crusted puppy drum. Only certain bites of it were flavorful for some reason. I tasted my friend's chicken and it was terribly dry. I tasted the other friend's barbeque shrimp, it was so delicious, it made me regret ordering the fish.
The flourless chocolate cake was really good. The servers (all women) were very professional.
My dining companions and I all dressed up, but there were many diners there in jeans and t-shirts.
TIP: Do not park in the French Market lot behind Cafe du Monde. Muriel's validates for up to 3 hours, so it's very tempting. The lot is dark and isolated and there are not visible security personnel around. When we were going back to our car, there was a guy in an alley, sitting on a bike. As soon as we passed, he pulled out and rode behind us all the way to the entrance of the lot. When we turned right to go to our car, he rode off to the left, and we breathed a temporary sigh of relief. Within two seconds, he made a u-turn and started pedaling to catch up to us. My friend and I RAN to the car and jumped in, and he rode past us, circling the lot. When we got to the ticket booth, we informed the cashier that a man on a bike was lurking around the lot and we asked if they had a security person who could pass through the lot. She acted like she couldn't understand what we were saying and waved us off with a a dismissive, "Okay, okay."  Pay the extra money and park in a more populated, well-lighted area.Food was salty and overrated, short pour on a glass of wine. Service was great, ambiance nice.Very very good and kid friendly! Had the duck and a Sazerak! The atmosphere and the best best gumbo I have had in the French Quarter!Just ok food you find anywhere.  Nothing representing NewOrleans.   The desert bread pounding was at best Average.  
The wine list narrow and ultra pricey.  I would not recommend it given there are so many great restaurants in New OrleansKind of a bummer. Muriel's used to be one of my favorite restaurants and I work in the quarter and recommend it to hotel guests ALL THE TIME. I think I'll have to stop.
I've always enjoyed brunch and lunch so we were excited for dinner there for our anniversary but it was a disappointment. Maybe we shouldn't have ordered off the Coolinary menu. We were clearly celebrating something (our anniversary) but no one ever asked or mentioned it. Our server David was not friendly. It took us over 2 hours to eat even though the people behind us ordered almost the exact same thing and sat 15 minutes after us they left 15 before.
I think we wouldn't have disliked the food so much if we didn't have to wait so long for it with out the server checking on us. He finally apologized toward the end of the meal but it took my husband and I an hour after we left to get out of our funk. Really disappointing dinner.
Their French 75 was amazing! I don't even like Gin. So, there's a plus! The savory cheesecake appetizer was very good and the creme brule was too. Also Jenny helped us with drinks and she was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise pretty upsetting meal experience.This place has excellent southern desserts . The staff is also super friendly. It's a great place to take the kids as well. Food is always full of flavor.We enjoyed a drink up on the balcony before our 6:15pm reservation which was a great introduction - the balcony was surprisingly empty which lent to a peaceful relaxing experience). Really lovely table setting and presentation. Everyone really enjoyed their meals (corn chowder soup of the day with andouille and bacon was REALLY good, herb chicken, pork chop both VERY tasty). The servers gave excellent recommendations and were very attentive even with it being quite busy. Overall it was a really nice experience which was a pleasant surprise for a touristy location.We recently dined here with a large group while we were all in town for our annual convention.  We had a large party of 18 or so and were lucky that they were able to accommodate us without a reservation.  We waited for about 45 minutes which was fine as we made our way to the bar for a round of drinks and then went into the red room while we waited.  The bartender was less than friendly.  We did have a few people trying to order drinks for our group at the same time and well that didn't seem to impress her very much.  The drinks were tasty and a few more drinks were ordered during our wait.  We had two tables for our group and a couple of servers.  Overall the staff was hit and miss.  Some were friendly and others made us feel like we were bothering them by being there.  Our group was not the most quiet group around but it's New Orleans and we dropped over 1500 + tabs at the bar earlier in the evening and we weren't inappropriate in any way, just laughing and having fun with our friends from our industry.  The food was delicious and definitely an A+.  Everyone loved their food (apps, salads, main course, and dessert) and would definitely go back for the food alone.  I just would hope that the next time we are there we are treated with a little more friendly customer service instead of eye rolls.We were NOLA for the FQ Jazz Festival and tried their goat cheese crepes and they were amazing so we decided to go there dinner.  We were not disappointed.  I had the pork chop at it was really good.  Also had bread pudding and once again, wonderful.  The rest of our party arrived on the weekend so we went back there for lunch...10 of us....and I had the pecan drum fish.  WOW!!  Some others in our party got it as well and it was amazing...probably one of the best fish I've had.
Servers were great too on both occasions...dinner and lunch.  Personable and attentive.We had a lot of great food on our weekend trip to NOLA, and this was the last place we visited.  Maybe that's why I didn't really enjoy it as much as I wanted to.  It was perfectly fine - the food was tasty, and the service was prompt.  With the variety and quality of restaurants in the city, I felt like this was just an okay experience.  It's not a cheap place, so I was expecting to be wowed.  I can't say I was even semi-wowed.  Although the food was good, the price point would make me want to try something different on our next visit.Eggs Veney!!! I would eat this over and over.  Dressed in suit for brunch.  Most were casual dress with some wearing shorts.  Jazz band was very good.We've never had a bad meal at Muriel's.  The food is consistently good, the service (especially in the bar area) is always accommodating and top notch, and the atmosphere is perfectly New Orleans.  The bar is a hidden gem (chlid friendly, but please curb your children so not to disturb other people's pleasure.)  We don't visit NOLA without at least one visit to Muriel's.  Dishes of note: best gumbo in the quarter, perfectly simply delicious bread pudding, veggie plate is always inventive, escargot is divine, and those crepes? Amazing.BEWARE THIS IS Not an upscale establishment...  MIGHT AS WELL EAT AT BOURBON STREET .. arrived at the Muriel's  with my girlfriend for dinner, decidedly to sit at Bar ..Upon arrival we sat next to a group of girls ...they were having fun and TO MUCH TO DRINK  and preceded to spill water all over me and my purse ..Sitting in ice water freezing, I ask bartender if she has a towel she precedes to tell me her towel is dirty, hands me a napkin ..ask her if she has somewhere to dry my clothes...She says no ...sitting in water at my feet no one comes to clean up ..Finally a hostess comes to dry up water, I ask her to talk to manager ..Ends up I tell the manager what happened and he tells me that he has a blow dryer in the office to dry my clothes and my purse. I proceed to dry my clothes and sit back down at the bar and receive my bill for for
us  , couldn't even pay for my desert .. unbelievable the management staff here sucks...We ate at three places in NOLA over 36 hours. Lunch at Muriel's ruined us for anywhere else. There was no mediocre or bad, only good and awesome. 
Awesome - the gumbo. Hands down, best gumbo I've tasted in years. My wife had it and it was difficult to not steal her bowl. I had the lunch special which came with the soup of the day. Today was a crab bisque. The bisque had no meat in it, but it was delicious with plenty of flavor. I had the blackened catfish. Look in the dictionary for what I had because it was textbook blackened catfish. Excellent. Served with spinach and potatoes.  
The good- My daughter had the pork chop, which might have been the disappointment. The chop was flavorful, but a tad dry. That could have been avoided.  The red beans and rice it was served with was terrific.  My wife's spinach salad looked good too. 
We spent less here for lunch than we did for dinner at the Red Fish Grill. Wish we had gone back for dinner. 
If you go, poke around the building. It's full of history and very cool.Is 5 star reasonable?! YES!
I had turtle soup, pecan coated puppy drum, and bread pudding.
The pecan puppy drum was sooo good! It had a lemon butter sauce and it went so well with the fish. I highly recommend getting it. The portion is just right.
The bread pudding was to die for. It's a must to get their dessert.
Get their dinner meal. $39 for a 3 course meal. You can't beat that!
They also recommend wine to go with your meal so I really like that.
This is a good place for a romantic dinner :)Delicious food for the price. Above average service. 
The étouffée was so/so, it was tepid and somewhat bland but the risotto and pork chop were amazing! Stout Bloody Marys with plenty of spice and I enjoyed their gumbo...but I prefer a lighter roux as they prepare it. 
Overall, a delicious lunch. 
The decor needs a little sprucing up in the green room, the floors and walls are dinged up. I had made reservations weeks in advance and asked to be in the red room near the quarter doors, they couldn't make that happen so I was a little disappointed. It had been 11 years since I'd returned, I can't say the quality had diminished much.Turtle soup was interesting, and unique. The seafood stew was too salty. Atmosphere was good, but noisy. Bread was delicious. Prices were expensive. Good to check out once.We had our concerns about going to a restaurant right off of the tourist area of Jackson Square but the reviews were solid and I'm glad we went.
We went to their Jazz brunch and it was fantastic! The jazz musicians rotated through the rooms every half hour so everyone got the experience. They were very talented and entertaining. As nice as the restaurant was it was able to and happy to accommodate for our party that included a baby. For my cocktail I had the bloody Mary which was great, not too strong with a couple pickled green beans garnishing it. The food was great as well. I had the shrimp and goat cheese crepes that were out of this world delicious for an appetizer. I wussed out and got the omelet instead of something more daring for my entree and it was also good especially the biscuit it came with (but hey it's the south it should be good!). Others in our party got the Duck hash and shrimp and grits all with great reviews.  
I highly recommend Muriel's Jazz Brunch!If you are looking for an amazing meal, served by competent waitstaff, this is it.   We had tried gumbo elsewhere, Muriel's gumbo blew it away.  Kate's entree shrimp and grits was outstanding.  One taste of my dinner and I knew I will never have Boyoubaisse anywhere else, and I live in Vermont.   For dessert we were so full we brought it back to our room and enjoyed the flourless cake and best bread pudding on our terrace.   All the reviews said try the goat cheese crepes with shrimp and bread pudding with pralines and rum sauce.  Well guess what, I'm saying it too.  
Staff was happy to see us.  Extremely smooth and efficient.   This is the first place where our waiter Travis checked back within three minutes of each course-just to make sure it was to our liking.  He even labeled our to go containers.  The wine Katie recommended was a fine choice, exactly what we wanted.   See you for brunch in the morningFrom the relaxed and spacious atmosphere, to the classic New Orleans décor, to the attentive but down-to-earth service, to the exquisite food, this was one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've ever had.   The pecan-encrusted drum was amazing, the shrimp & grits were outstanding, and the bread pudding dessert made me a convert (for a dessert I'd never really liked).   What a wonderful restaurant!Went here for Sunday Jazz Brunch, amazing food and service. Jazz trio was excellent, only downside was they travel from room to room so we only got to listen to them for about 15 minutes of our entire meal. My husband had the red velvet ice cream sandwich for dessert and it was too.die.for! We almost returned the next day just for dessert!I may be jumping the gun by giving 5 stars for a drink, but I have to. I have been to NOLA many times and I can't believe I have never stumbled in to the bar at Muriel's.  This was my lucky day. I met a group of friends at the bar for my first taste of the sweet nectar of life called brandy milk punch.  How did I not know about this before?
When in NOLA, do yourself a favor and get one. Or three.  The next time I am in the city I will definitely stop by for a meal and update my review.If a very loud dining room bothers you, stop here. I will return but with ear plugs. The place is stunning, the service is impeccable and the food is some of the best ever. Hub had "bayoubaisse " their take on the French classic. I had the drum with crawfish relish which was large enough to feed two people easily. We shared the bread pudding. We both thoroughly enjoyed our well-prepared beautifully-presented meals. For me , though, that noise level, which was the same in all dining areas was exhausting. My husband was able to tune most of it out.I thought this place was a little stuffy and loaded with tourists. They even made me take off my hat in the dining room(a fedora) but let in 2 jackasses in shorts and flip flops. 
Service was good but it was all too much for my liking. They do make a mean sauzerac. 
We did the prie fixe. Started with Redfish cake(great) and soup of the day(meh). The pork chop was huge and delicious. Seafood stew was alright. Bread pudding was great as was the butterscotch pudding.
Wine pours a bit skimpy for my taste and wasn't a fan of their by the glass offerings.My family and I took a 5 day vacation to New Orleans and we just happen to walk by this place and decided to eat there for lunch. Wow were we blowen away the food was amazing and the service was top notch. We ended our stay by eating here for dinner and we would highly suggest this resturant!Loved it! We made a reservation and everything was ready when we arrived 5 minutes before our scheduled time. The food & service was amazing! 
Our waiter kris knew his stuff, he recommended good red wine and good food. we had the crab cake & the salmon with pecan sweet potatoes. This is what I was waiting for when I visited New Orleans, for my mind to go omg that was delicious, my fiancé is a chef and he said that the food was amazing that he would def come back. The dessert was blackberry something Alaska, it was okay. Side note: we saw them pick up a table & they actually change the table cloth instead of just putting new plates and utensils. Great restaurant! We couldn't go upstairs because there was an event but def doing back tomorrow!Best gluten free meal I have ever tasted. Dedicated gluten free menu. I had the pork chops and they we're out of this world. Great server and even a patient bartender who worked with me to get a gluten free drink before my meal.Muriel's had excellant service (thanks to Rebecca) and very good and tasty food. The first time that we ate there during our stay was a Thursday night and we didn't think that it would be crowded so we didn't make reservations. We were accommodated quickly (which isn't easy for a party of 5) and seated. I would recommend making reservations as it would make it easy for everyone.
I started with the turtle soup and it was thick with a lot of flavor. The sherry swirl adds to the taste.  One person at the table had gumbo and said that it was lukewarm (but she ate it anyway and didn't send it back.)  Someone else tried the appetizer crepes and liked them also. 
I had the seafood au gratin and found it to be very tasty also. The portion looks on the small side, but it is very filling with the thick cheese sauce.  It was a bit much for me.
GREAT Bread pudding.  I actually ordered the brownie desert. I liked the gelato, but the brownie was a little dry for my taste.  I tasted someone's bread pudding and it was awesome.Muriel's made my 25th birthday amazing. Due to flooding, we had to push our reservation back from 8:00 PM to 9:00 PM and still ended up being late due to traffic and this was no problem at all for the restaurant staff who accommodated us and greeted us with a smile. Our two servers, whose names I forgot unfortunately were astounding. We even found out that one was on his second day of training and you absolutely could not tell. Thanks to the Coolinary menu, we were able to take advantage of the wonderful goat cheese crepes, the pork chops, duck, Bayoubaisse, and creme brûlée. Every last dish was amazing. Thank you Muriel's for turning what could've been a truly terrible day into an amazing birthday I will never forget. I will for sure be returning on my future trips to Nola.While on vacation in New Orleans we were exploring the French Quarter and wanted to find a good place for lunch. Sure there are lots of places to eat, but we suspected that a lot just cater to the undescerning tourist. We wanted something that stood out. After searching for a while, a local strongly suggested we visit Muriel's. 
We found Muriel's in Jackson Square; to the right of St Louis Cathedral (on the corner). The dining rooms are stunning, the service was delightful, the food was fresh, delicious, memorable and surprisingly affordable. The building has so much history and if you ask, the staff will gladly tell you a few stories. You can also explore the upstairs, including the Séance Lounge and the balcony. 
Days later and we're still talking about this place! It's actually one of our favourite parts of our vacation; and a place we look forward to visiting again the next time we're in the Big Easy.
Specifics:
I tried and would highly recommend all of the following:
Turtle Soup (indescribable!)
Seafood Gumbo
Shrimp Creole 
Spinach and Pear Salad
Pecan Pie (life changing)Holy crap. This place is haunted!  One is the of the oldest restaurants in NO. Theres a table set up just for the ghosts. No kidding. Decor is really old and sometimes creepy...like the old pics of the husband and wife that used to own this place. 
Went for the 3 course meal. I had the shrimp and goat cheese creams with a beautiful cream sauce to start.
Then tried the pork shop and seafood stew. Very good but pork shop was the best.  We paired it with Muriel's own wine... A nice cab with grapes from Sonoma. 
Dessert hit the mark too. Tried the pecan bread pudding and flower less chocolate cake. Both yummy in their own right.
Get over the hauntings and try this place. Excellent.The definition of a 5 star restaurant.  (I know I grade easy, but if I was a food critic from the New York Times, I would still call this place 5 star).  It's not cheap so bring your money, but the food is WORTH it.  Oh and also, there's an in-house ghost.  Yeah that's right, dinner and a ghost.Not sure what is going on with Muriel's but we had a disappointing experience this past Jazz Fest. We've been annual regulars during the last 4-5 Jazz Fests, so we were looking forward to our visit this year. Unfortunately our evening was marred by spotty service, overly weak cocktails, and one overpriced entree that skimped on its centerpiece, the veal. A $35 plate should include more than a pile of mashed potatoes and ~3 ounces of tough veal. In fairness, we did not call attention to this during our meal as my husband was already past the point of complaining. Given all the dining choices in NOLA, not sure we will be returning to Muriel's on subsequent visits.Excellent lunch special and cheap bloody marys! Staff was very friendly and professional. I wish we could've sat on the balcony but it was a no go (maybe they don't do it at lunch time?). I highly recommend the 3 course prix fixe for lunch, potato leek soup was a real stand-out!I'm a native to the New Orleans area and I sometimes get upset at the restaurants in the French Quarter area because of all the restaurants here, they will most likely carry the torch and set the example and standard that tourists are impressed with. Muriel's is worthy of carrying that torch! The ambiance is second to none in the area. You can sit at ground zero of the French Quarter and eat great food at the window while watching the horse carriages trot by. The food is great. I usually order the steak tornados medium rare and I'm never disappointed. The service is very good too. I've never waited too long and they never fail to check up on us.Walked in on a Tuesday around 11:45 and was seated for lunch looking out on Jackson Square.  I had the seafood gumbo and a stuffed mirliton
made with shrimp and andouille stuffing with a roasted Creole tomato sauce.  Washed it all down with a couple of martinis made with a raspberry vodka and champagne.  Everything was delicious and the service was excellent.  Next time I'm in NOLA this will be a dinner choice.The best thing I had here was the red velvet ice cream cake...actually one of the best deserts I've had in a lonnnnng time :)
I had the BBQ shrimp which was good, but the shrimp was flavored as well as the shrimp rem. app that I shared.  That app was sooo flavorful.  The granny salad was perfect and the crawfish crepe was good too.  The service was really good, the chef came out and greeted our party.  I'd def recommend the red velvet and the BBQ shrimp if ya don't mind getting ur fingers dirty.I am only giving 3 stars because I expected more from the service because of the well-known name and higher dining prices.  The service wasn't great.  The food was just ok.  I ordered fish.  My date ordered duck.  The bread pudding was pretty good.  We wanted this to be a more romantic outing but it was extremely noisy that we didn't really talk much.  I'll probably try again at a quieter time maybe during the day or during the week.  I've been twice...both times on weekends.Place was packed but got a table for 4 anyway. Sever was great. Loved the stories about being able to eat with a ghost. The restaurant was clean and fancy. They had a very good menu with good choices. Very easy to pick out want you want. The best dessert there had to be the red velvet ice cream sandwich.We arrived in New Orleans for our wedding anniversary and decided Muriel's was the place for the big meal celebration. It is a very nice room. The seating, the tables and chairs, the crockery and cutlery, and the general feel of the restaurant, is very good. The service was excellent and was key to the enjoyment of the whole experience.
So, to the food. We wanted Cajun style. My wife had the soup of the day and boudin balls. I ordered a vegetable pot pie with a side of beans. First there was bread. It was a little doughy; more like crusty dumpling than bread. The pot pie filling was fair (the pastry was sensational) and the side of beans, with mushrooms and bacon, was nice. My wife's soup, she said, was very nice, the boudin balls were 'okay' and not as nice as some she had eaten earlier in the day.
I had two non-alcoholic beers, a coffee and a shot of Sambucca, Miss had two glasses of white wine and a coffee.
If a restaurant charges a high price, they need to provide a reason to justify it. Service and ambience are, of course, very important: But to provide ordinary food at an extraordinary price just doesn't quite cut it. The above, including tip, was $137.
In summary, Muriel's is a nice restaurant experience with everything being of the highest quality...except for the food, which is good, but not as good as price and reputation would suggest.Most restaurants had an exceedingly long wait time for our party of 8, but Muriel's had a space open immediately.  (Though this was probably just luck.)
The interior of the restaurant was amazing, especially in the middle section where we were seated.
The food and drinks were also excellent.  I ordered the filet and a Bloody Mary.  The filet was cooked perfectly and the Bloody Mary had a nice, refreshing flavor (though Pierre Maspero's wins the Bloody Mary contest in my opinion).  I also tasted the turtle soup - which had a very nice flavor - as well as the Gorgonzola cheesecake.  The cheesecake I was hesitant about, but it had a nice, smoky flavor and was really delicious even though I'm not a fan of Gorgonzola.
Overall, the fast seating, great food, and warm atmosphere all contributed to a five star rating!Amazing! We made reservations through opentable.com and were seated promptly when we arrived. I had the turtle soup, baby drum and bread pudding. Each dish is highly recommended. I will definitely be coming back just for the bread pudding!This place was quite a surprise for being so close to the French quarter with a ton of tourists in the area.  The place is huge with a lot of seats so you shouldn't need a reservation unless its a special event in the area.  The prices were pretty reasonable and they had a 3 course menu for 35$ I believe.  There were some items we really wanted so we just decided to order off the regular menu.  We started with the duck pastrami sandwich and the alligator dish.  Both were really good but the duck was AMAZING! The sauce and flavors of this dish were out of this world delicious.  For my meal I had the duck breast and it was really really good.  The duck was cooked perfectly.  My husband got the redfish and he really liked that as well.  I tried it and the fish was super tender and flavored nicely.  
Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this place and may come again soon!This place was excellent! Reservations are a must here. My wife and I had Sunday Jazz Brunch reservations for 12:30. We showed up early so the hostess directed us to the bar. This is where our experience started and We quickly fell in love. Beautiful bar in the back, just past an indoor courtyard area with ivy hanging all around. The Bloody Mary's were better than some of the other more famous ones in town
Once seated in the formal dining room, we were greeted by our waiter Travis and his assistant. They were very helpful and nice. The room was pretty with hardwood floors and old pictures on the walls. High ceilings of course, and lots of windows.
For an appetizer, we shared an order of the crawfish crepes. This item was actually one of the reasons I chose this place, and they met my expectations. My wife had the omelette, with potatoes and a biscuit. She was very pleased. I had the yellow fin tuna, which was the fish of the day. It came seared, on a bed of spinach. It was prepared perfect, and the portion was much more than expected. This wasn't some 2 bite piece of fish. I think a lot of people would have had a hard time finishing it. 
The band alternated between the 2 dining rooms, playing 2 or 3 songs before switching. Sound was awesome, not too loud, and they even took a few requests!
We finished our meal with an espresso, just enjoying the ambiance. All in all, a great experience. We will be back!One of my fave places. Born and raised in Metairie, and it's the perfect place to take out-of-towners and/or to go to for special occasions. The food is ridiculously good, the atmosphere is fantastic and the service is great. Sunday jazz brunch is magical - my favorite dish is the crawfish and goat cheese crepes, seriously what dreams are made of. Oh, and don't even get me started in their bread pudding. Just go.We just missed lunch so the only thing available to us was appetizers, salads, and soups. I ordered the spinach salad. It was pretty good. I mostly filled up on bread. The bread was soft and warm. I liked it.
The location is fantastic and the ambiance is nice. 
I would be willing to try this place again for either Sunday brunch or lunch.I am writing this from the table... The food was so amazing that I needed to rate it ASAP. If you're here for brunch you have to get the shrimp and grits. Next level. Great service, live Jazz and a Bloody Mary that I wish u had a gallon on. Nice job Murial!As firstimers to NOLA...we spent the day in the French Quarter drinking, shopping and seeing the sites...as evening drew near, this beautiful restaurant emerged from the craziness...so we walked in. This is a very elegant place but don't let that fool you. My wife and I each ordered off the 3 course meal. She had the Chicken and I had the flank steak. Gumbo was our appetizer and chocolate cake was our dessert. Erin our server was sweet and efficient. She made us California out of towers feel very welcomed. I'm sure this place has drunk stragglers role in all the time....The food was AMAZING! This was a PERFECT end to our day. I love this place. Their food and service are unmatched. I will come back here when I return next year. (also try the Perky Peach cocktail) it is tasty!    Well done Muriels!Sunday Jazz Brunch was pretty delightful, just a few minor complaints kept it from being five stars all the way. All things said and done, if you are a tourist looking for a jazz brunch then this is definitely one to keep on your short list. 
We were seated in the smallish front room. When we entered the jazz trio was going at it, but by the time I had ordered my bloody mary they picked up and hoofed it far away. The trio rotates through the rooms apparently. It's loud enough you probably can't hear them unless they are in your room. Not exactly what I had expected, but of course, they did come back to our room after I had finished eating so we stayed a spell longer to hear another set in the room. The clarinet guy keeps close tabs on his watch and books it out of the room the second they are done in there. Like clockwork.
You get a main server and the associate, helping out. Both of them acted way too happy and excited to be there. There is no reason to be that peppy in the morning in NOLA. It was just weird and offputting.
The bloody mary comes in a pint glass so it is a big boy drink, not a dandy's drink in a little high ball that barely has anything in it. There is a speared lemon and lime wedge as well as some green beans. The green beans were a nice touch. I requested the bloody mary as spicy as they could go and the waitress let me know it was spicy, which is codespeak for "it comes out of one huge vat, so just suck it up and enjoy it" - and of course it wasn't spicy. So she brought me a jar of tabasco. Points for effort I suppose. This is what happens when you make drinks out of a giant vat, rather than individually crafted with attention to whether a real man wants his girly drink as spicy as they can do it, or if the dandy fop wants his girly drink as girly as it comes. 
You get free egg bread, it was basically challah, but this doesn't seem like a city that has a large Jewish population, so it was just egg bread. It comes out warm and has butter. It is a nice little treat as an appetizer when your first bloody mary makes an appearance, but well before your food will be coming on down.
I went with the shrimp and goat cheese crepes because I make impulsive decisions. It turned out to be one of my rare good impulsive decisions. The crepes were fantastic. The goat cheese delicious, the sauce was perfectly flavored to accompany it, and the shrimps while spartan were a nice spice of life to the dish.
The servers were offputting. And also something I learned after the fact at the ghost tour, Muriel's has a ghost. That would have been cool if the super peppy waiters had said anything about that ... but no dice. That's my recommendation, instead of looking cracked out and trying to grab the plate out from under me I am still eating off of, maybe ask if we saw the ghost's table over in the corner with the wine glass.
Good food, good music for the few minutes the trio is in your room. I would come back.My wife and I went here yesterday for our last dinner of our NOLA vacation. Reservations are recommended but they took us right in. The service was excellent and our waiter Travis was very knowledgable and attentive. We both had the Muriel's house salad, very tasty with plenty of bacon. My wife had the sweet potato soup, she raved about it. My duck was excellent and was probably the best that I've ever had. My wife's filet was cooked to perfection and was a great piece of meat. The desserts were to die for!! Bread pudding and creme brûlée, I wish I could have brought them home with me in NJ.