Had a lovely lunch here at Namese with my husband. Highly recommend the shaken beef pho! I ordered the banh mi/pho combination which is a great taste of both of my favorites at a great price. My husband had lemongrass coconut curry with chicken and shrimp and loved it. Brandyn our waiter was excellent!Finally a Vietnamese restaurant nearby. Love the spring rolls and combination soup. Yum... They have change the decor.. Hands up. Love the ambience.Just came in to order some food.  First off I had to walk to the bar for a seat.  The server gave me menus then sat another couple, brought them water and said nothing to me.  After 10 minutes I left.  I was ready to order.  And I was looking forward to coming here especially since I live right around the corner.  --  I wouldn't have minded if it was busy but it's slow...  Hopefully my next visit will be better.It was ok. Honestly if you have not been to Pho Bistro on Carrollton you are missing out. I found the shrimp at Namese are frozen.  A few flies.  Unprofessional bartending staff, sloppy dress. Server was coughing behind the bar. Had better expectations because of the 'design'. Will not return.Came here for lunch. It's a cafe not a restaurant so don't expect much. Pho was too salty. Fried tofu was soggy. Fried chicken wings not crispy. Combination vermicelli was bland. They have milk tea tapioca pearl drinks but they're not that chewy and they fill up the cups with only 10% pearls. There were flies flying all around us. 2 drinks, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees costs us about $55 + tips. Wouldn't recommend.my trusty neighbor brought me here to try Pho for my first time ever. yah, i know. anyway. i got the beef brisket pho w/vegan mix.  The broth was good - not too salty - and had a remnant of mint, which i like. they were out of bean sprouts that day, which would have made this a 5* review; i don't eat vietnamese food often, but i do know that bean sprouts are a major component.
my neighbor had the seafood pho, with an order of spring rolls. yummy to the spring rolls. I will definitely return. however, there better be some bean sprouts next time! ;) I think that the food was delicious, and the server even brought me a little sampler of the broth, so i knew what to expect.
it's not the worst of areas, in my opinion - but i also roll around anywhere in town with my windows down (except when it's raining). the service was great, the atmosphere was relaxed. Not too hipster yet, thank goodness.I've been here twice because I wasn't impressed the first time. I'm fairly certain there won't be a third. I found the food bland which is odd for being Vietnamese. The staff were great, but there are way too many restaurants in this town that serve better food. This is just my opinion; give them a try in the off chance I went on two off nights.Brandyn was our server and was extremely great. He had wonderful suggestions. I got the wok seared steak pho & it was phenomenal. Thanks for a great experience. Oh plus the outside seating is super sexy with firepit. :)I seem to have a different experience every time I go. sometimes everything is perfect -the crab wontons are excellent- and sometimes just off a little, for me, the presentation is really very nice but the food is only a 3.5 for me. the cocktail selection is interesting. ive had the lychee martini and its pretty good. I do like that there is outside seating. its fun to see people bring their small pets. not bad but not amazingAbsolutely, without a doubt, the WORST pho I've ever tried to eat. Imagine taking a bowl of chicken soup,  add some Christmas potpourri to it. Then drop a box of cinnamon AND sugar....then add so much fat that every bite leaves a greasy film on your lips. There you have a good approximation of their pho ga. The broth itself was so dark brown I questioned whether or not it was beef broth instead of chicken. There are so many places with much better pho in NOLA.Finally went here after months of driving by. Perfect, fresh dinner I was pleasantly surprised with. While the shrimp spring rolls werr perfectly fine, the combination vermicelli which was a beautiful cold salad. The fried shrimp melts in your mouth! The dressing is so bright and delightful! Plenty to eat and some to take home too! My fiance had the roasted pork Bahn Mi. He likes huge portions and even brought some home. He said everything about it was super fresh. It was awesome!  And of course passion fruit bubble tea. Great atmosphere and super quick and friendly service.Good n tasty Vietnamese food.Had the springrolls shrimp wrap with bacon da bomb!!! And Pho Tai also da bomb!! Nice price great looking restaurant I give 2 thumbMondays are rough in New Orleans. It seems like everything is closed with the exception of Vietnamese, which, luckily is one of my favorite types of cuisine. I needed a break from my Lily's habit recently, so my friend and I landed at Namese.
It's definitely in an odd/unexpected spot, across from my old storage unit at Fountainbleu. They've somehow turned what was probably not the nicest building into something really special. There's a patio out front and if weather permits, do sit at one of the large woven booths. Inside reminds me of a really hip 1960s steak house as weird as that sounds. It's not your typical Vietnamese joint! Unlike Lily's, they have a full bar, too. And the rumors are true: you can add booze to your bubble tea smoothies!
But. It's not like they hand you a drink menu at any point. This was one of several service misses, I'm afraid. Don't get me wrong. Our server was nothing but nice and it had been a long, packed day for her. And a lot might have been beyond her control. Things like not getting our bubble teas until long after our app came out (to her credit, she kept coming by promising they'd come out soon). She also wasn't too familiar with what vegan meant. It's all over the menu ("vegan pho" "vegan crepe") and I'm not sure if they're trying to be trendy, but if they are aware of vegan diets, their waitstaff should be aware, too. If you are vegetarian or vegan, whatever you order, don't assume that if you are asking about something being vegan that they'll check for your entire order, either. Make sure for each item you're ordering. In other restaurants, I'm just used to them checking for me on everything once I identify myself as being vegan. On a positive note, she did make sure they gave me vegan peanut sauce with my spring rolls. She tried her best. I think they should train waitstaff a little bit better, that's all.
I liked, didn't love the food. Veg spring rolls could have used some protein and more avocado. Most places in NOLA make them with a hearty slice of fried tofu. I also ordered the veggie sotca, which was tasty, but without adding tofu to the mix, you, like me, may be left a little unsatisfied. 
When my mango bubble tea arrived, it came... without bubbles. I should have canceled the order, but I sent it back for the bubbles because that's kind of the whole point. That said, it's way too sweet. Way.
Later after we paid, we were hanging around talking for quite a bit, so we asked another waiter for a drink menu. They must be uniformly against liquor sales or something because that drink menu never came. There were at least 2-3 servers there and I don't know, it seemed they were overworked but I couldn't figure out why. I won't get too into it because like I said, no one was anything but nice to us which really is the most important thing.
This is a super complain-y review. I do like Namese, but I'm not sure I'd return, unless I was itching for a really great atmosphere when going out for Vietnamese.After stopping at three pho restaurants to find that they closed on Monday, we finally found this gem. We ordered their wings, they were so tasty...crispy, sweet, salty, spicy and nutty. I could taste a hint of sweet and sour from tamarind maybe?
My husband ordered their chicken curry, delish, almost like the way my mother made it (not as good, but close enough). It took my mother two days to make her curry, because the crazy woman made her curry from scratch, down to her coconut milk which she scrapped and squeezed for the milk. She didn't use a blender to grind her past, she toasted her spices and grind them with mortar and pastel, which I inherited. When I want or need my mom's present in my kitchen I would take her mortar  and pastel out and use it. 
I ordered their oxtail pho. The broth was good. I could taste the msg, that is to be expected. Because of that it didn't taste very refreshing. 
Overall I would recommend this place to friends because some of their dishes were pretty good and the staffs were very friendly.having heard alot about this place from friends, we came here to give it a try with great expectation, and here's what we experienced:
1.atmosphere: 6/10: a bit smaller than expected, but decorations are nice.
2.service: 7/10: pretty friendly, but mess up stuffs.
3.food: 1/10: calamary was super salty and cold. crabby crab was meh but nothing like described on menu. the "bun bo hue"-aka spicy beef soup - was a huge fail; its nothing more than plain water add noodles with a little oil on top. we couldnt help but returned the soup and gave them a second chance with the combination vermicelli bowl. It was not too bad, although the eggroll smelled funny, thus not impressive enough to save the day. In short, I would give the food here a low meh.
In conclusion, it might be a decent restaurant for some other people, but not worth a drive for us to give it a second try.This was my first time trying this place and I was totally satisfied. The food was great the service was awesome and it was not expensive. Let's not forget to mention the ambiance is very cute and cozy.Love this new Vietnamese place. Their food is delicious, staff's friendly and the price is just right. Btw Namese is much better than Mopho when it comes to authentic Vietnamese flavor. To the reviewer who says Namese is more expensive than Mopho, she probably wasn't wearing her reading glasses that time. Been to Mopho and their prices are way higher.So delicious! I love the shrimp steamed tacos. The green sauce on them is insanely yummy so please don't be scared to add a little extra guys :) I ordered the rare filet pho the first time and then the pork the second and both were excellent. I suggest ordering a fried egg and adding it in there! Something about the creamy yolk mixing into the broth is magical. I tried to order the shrimp and bacon spring rolls but they were out of bacon, but the reg shrimp spring rolls were just fine and were very fresh and crisp. Will be back for more very soon.Was not expecting stellar Vietnamese here, but after moving, this is my favorite neighborhood restaurant and the food beats the pants off anything available for delivery in BK. The pho is -delicious-...I second the previous reviewer who said they didn't need to add any condiments, when I usually have a heavy hand with the hoisin. The chicken curry is really good and uses a whole grilled thigh which is a nice change of pace. The steak salad was so flavorful. The Bahn Mi are all on point. My one gripe is that they are literally right around the corner and I believe that they still charge a delivery fee, but whatever. If they had a special lunch menu, I would gladly order here every day even with the fee (if they had La Sa Ga, I wouldn't even need a lunch menu, in case anyone is listening out there). It's a teeny bit pricey, but the quality and freshness of the food more than justify the cost.Two "so-so" visits, one disappointing take-out experience, & a fourth try where I received "attitude" from the manager about a vermicelli dish I returned. According to her, the cooks can't really control the vermicelli & it's OK that 80% of it was stuck together in a big lump on my plate. Not OK for me!Anytime I have had a conversation about Vietnamese food in the city, Namese has always come up.  The restaurant is also consistently featured in food publications.  I have had it on my list of places to try for a while, and have finally went for dinner.  Very solid Vietnamese food - tried the mussels, spring rolls, duck buns and seafood pho.  Mussels and duck buns were great.  Spring rolls had huge chunks of cucumber in it which I didn't really like but that could be a preference.  Seafood stock could have been more flavorful.  Tried a Long Island iced tea - super strong, very good (I couldn't even finish it). Look up the hours before you go because the first time I tried to go for lunch, they were closed.I was surprised to see that I gave this go to spot 3 stars over 3 years ago, as I eat here pretty regularly. 
I love their fried shrimp banh mi also their tofu banh mi which isn't on the menu but they'll totally make you one. Speaking of not on the menu, they've also made me a grilled shrimp banh mi when I just couldn't do fried.  I also like their bun and the curry (which states is a shrimp broth). The spring rolls are solid as well.
I do a lot of takeout since this is near work. But if I dine in, I always prefer the patio. The parking lot can be a bit of a disaster around lunchtime but you can usually find parking on the street nearby, especially now that street construction is wrapping up.We ordered to-go for the first time to try this new restaurant. We ordered 2 pho chicken and Amy was the person who answered and she even repeated the order back to us. When my sister's bf went to pick it up and brought it to Metairie the order was vegan pho! We paid $15 for to-go vegan pho plus a .50 to-go fee! This is ridiculous! We called to complain and all the girl could say was "oh that's weird. I repeated the order too!" Will not be trying this place again. Rude!Debating back and forth between 2 and 3 stars. The food was EXCEPTIONALLY good and very flavorful. However the service was beyond horrible. It took over 10 minutes for soft drinks to be delivered to the table and they were not refilled until after we ate the meal. There were multiple servers working multiple tables and no one clearly took ownership of tables. There seemed to be issues at almost every table we saw. If you can get passed the service, HIGHLY recommend the Combination Pho and Steak Salad.My girlfriend and I are always looking for a decent bowl of pho on the east bank, so a few weeks ago when Namese popped up on one of those "Top 10 Best" lists, we decided to check it out. What a mistake...I am so mad right now. We both ended up ordering the seafood pho (my gf wanted fried tofu, but they were out), which was so salty that hours later we were still guzzling water, trying to get the taste out of our mouths. Might as well have been a cow's salt lick. The shrimp were so overcooked it was like eating mashed potatoes, the calamari was gummy, and the imitation crabmeat was falling apart. To finish, the beansprouts were brown and withered. Do yourself a favor, and don't believe the hype. There are plenty of other good pho restaurants in the city. Sadly, Namese is not one of them.This place has excellent service. If you have a large group call ahead. 
Our waiter was Chris or you can call him Steve. Either one is fine. He always checked to make sure whatever we needed we got. He was very at tentative to our needs for extra water, extra sauce, yummy fried onions for the rice. 
Try the shaking beef. Its very delicious and super tender. 
The Pho is also very tasty. No lime needed it is full of flavor and is very good for a hang over cure. =) 
The atmosphere was very classy and modern.Dined here several times and it never disappoints. Food is fresh, fast, and delicious. Service is friendly and attentive. I like they have a wide variety on their menu with some traditional and some more unique. Fresh spring rolls and their seafood pho are my favorites.Love Namese! A classic go to that never fails to satisfy. We always start with the lettuce crepe. I LOVE the shaken pho with short rib and my husband devours his bahn mi and pho combo. If you are lucky you will have Brandon as your server, he is truly a delight and ensures that you have the best possible dining experience. Enjoy!!The manager delivers the food to us at the bar just beaming with pride! She loves what she does!! The bartender was completely knowledgable about what he was serving. Pho is the way to go.Great food. Haven't had may pho experiences, but this was a lovely one. Had the steak pho and some jasmine tea. Great service didn't catch her name but had plenty of refills and food was hot when it came to meIn mid-city, your vietnamese options are Doson and the newly opened Namese.  Namese has great atmosphere and a really nicely done interior.  The service is always friendly.  And the food is great.  I always order the beef vermicelli whenever I eat vietnamese, and Namese does a great job.  The beef has lots of flavor, without being overly seasoned.  It's light and refreshing, which is unusual for beef but awesome.  Also, you can eat a hearty healthy fulfilling meal for under $10 at a restaurant with awesome atmosphere.  What's not to like?Namese was the type of restaurant, that when it opened, I proudly announced to my friends that I would return to order every item off the menu over time. I am sad to say, I no longer feel this way. The first problem, is the update on the menu. They have added some bourgeois  "shaken pho" that is overpriced and lacking flavor, while removing some more authentic items. 
Last week, I was astounded by the service. Two separate waitresses bussed empty tables with absolutely no one waiting to be seated before they tended to me and my dining companion. Quick lunch? Not when you wait 8 minutes to have a drink order taken on account of staff cleaning tables in a less than half occupied restaurant.
Many other places in city that have stepped up the Vietnamese game than for me to waste time here. Good spring rolls, decent pho broth, but unfortunately it ends there now.Namese is terrific.  The menu is inventive and creative while still doing a great job of staying on point with well executed Vietnamese flavors and formats.  They have some great concepts dishes (Pho Boy is fun and really good) but don't have to rely on a "fun" menu because everything tasted great.  Strong menu, very reasonably priced, nice building and amenities, decent service, there wasn't much that was off point.  I honestly left thinking that Namese is more in line with what I had expected MoPho to be just without the name recognition in the kitchen.Decided to try a new place and the night started out great with delicious appetizers and refreshing drinks. I highly recommend the Bubble Teas-mango with mango bursts and Kiwi-strawberry with strawberry bursts. All of our app choices were definitely a hit. The Crab Rangoon had an awesome sauce, Garlic Chicken and Spring rolls were also very good. 
The restaurant was not that busy but for some reason the kitchen took FOREVER to send out food. When the main entrees finally arrived they weren't sent out in sync. Oddly, although 3 of us ordered the same Pho we did not get served at the same time. The time lapse between serving entrees was ridiculous. I recommend the Shaken Filet Mignon Pho and the Shaken Hanger Steak. I would not order the sticky ribs or the Curry. 
Overall the food is pretty good and I would have given 4 stars but service is lacking. Took way too long to get through dinner.I took my wife and family of three children to this restaurant for a semi-celebration of my son being accepted in a specific high school. While the food was ok, I have to say the service and atmosphere of the workers overall was far less than professional.  It started by confusion of the host somewhat leading us to a table that was not ready but he neither vocalized this or asked us to move to stand in another part of the restaurant instead he and his colleagues decided it was better to just bump into each of us as they kept going back and forth to get things to set the table.
Once seated we were happy enough as the server took our drink orders.  At this time it appeared that almost all of the other parties in the restaurant (about 12) had either received their food or were finishing their meals.  This would normally free up servers to more quickly address a new seating... not in this case.  After our drink orders were taken it took 15 minutes to for the server to come back.  All the while about 5 of the servers/host/bartenders mingled behind us and chatted rather loudly if not boisterously amongst themselves.  As the server took our order I noticed he didn't have a notepad or pen to document the order... this always makes me leery when I see someone doing this especially with a party of 5 or more and with kids who usually are confusing when they order.  Sure enough he took our order and came back out two minutes later to ask me to repeat mine as he had forgotten it.  Once we finally ordered all seemed well however as my dish was out in probably less than ten minutes!  I thought well this is great recovery... I was wrong!  As it is customary for me and good manners for all I planned to wait for the rest of my guest to be served before I would start to eat.  Mind you my dish was served to be hot but the rest of the 4 orders did not come out for another 15 minutes!!!!  
I think the facility is nice and the food, in the right setting, might even be classified as above par but the service, which to me is at least 50% of the experience is amateur hour and i would certainly urge to owner to address his staff to be more professional.Been here twice so far. Haven't tried the Pho yet but I have tried most of the steam buns, the only one I wasn't fond of was the pork belly. They aren't really steam buns though, they're tacos using a steam bun. They have the same thing at Pho Orchid, but they call them Orchid Taco's there. I've tried the Beef stew twice. The first time it was very good, the second time wasn't as great because they didn't use as much coconut milk. It wasn't bad, but it just tasted like a traditional beef stew. Overall I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Vietnamese food in MidCityThis is the worst restaurant I have ever been to. Once we were seated and had menus we ordered some spring rolls to share, which were not that great. Then I ordered a Thai iced tea that turned out to not have enough milk in it and had a grainy consistency. Plus it was more expensive than other places I've eaten. Then I ordered this vegetarian dish which arrived at room temperature and overall didn't taste that great. I just went along with the lack luster food until I found a hair in my cucumber salad. When I told the waiter he was polite and made me a new plate of food. At this point I wasn't very hungry so I took it to go. All the while my water glass was left empty twice leaving me to chew on ice for a good 10 minutes. The dish also came with a side of soup that wasn't vegetarian. In the end I paid $18.50 for a grainy tea and a hairy salad and an entree that tasted like it came from a can. 
To add insult to injury when I got home I gave the leftovers to my housemate who said he found a hair in the entree.... 
in summary: avoid like the plague.Ordered the honey dew boba, the tapioca pearls were perfect, paid $5.50 for the drink. The food presentation was more fancy than most Vietnamese restaurants, great services and overall great place.Great seafood pho. Great service and Brandon gets five stars as server. I'm definitely making this one of my go to spots in New Orleans.Service was wonderful. Bubble drink recipe need some work. Too expensive for the portion given. $60 for one vermicelli plate and 3 orders (6 baos) of baos and 3 bubble drinks. Not the best Asian fusion in my opinion.Went on a date with my boyfriend to Namese... We wanted to go to some other Vietnamese restaurants, but they all closed early.  So it is nice that they stay open after 8 pm during the week.  Love the restaurant style and ambiance they definitely worked with what they had because the location is nothing spectacular, but the building is really cool.  We sat outside on the patio and I found it really nice.
FOOD:  The portions are large.  It was not my favorite bun that I've ever eaten but it was good.  The chicken was well cooked and seasoned.  The noodles were a bit off.  I also got a drink, the tamarind daiquiri... it was delicious but not very strong at all.I love this place. The food is so good and I love the ambience. They have a really nice patio that's great when it's a bit warmer. 
I love their veggie sotka. Comes with winter melon soup and a salad for 10 dollars. You can't beat that. They also have the best calamari and my husband said the sweet ribs were delicious. 
The service here is  impeccable. Tim is awesome, super friendly, attentive and his suggestions are always great. He also is very knowledgable about the food. I've had a couple other servers over the past couple years and they are all great! 
If you want grea food, great service, chill ambience at a fair price then you should check out Namese!Very good food! 
Crab Rangoon was very good. Decided to get the Pho Hai San and was not disappointed! The wife got the Fried Cornish Hen and it was also very good. 
Only minor negative, and kind of funny, two of the staff had a bit of an argument right behind the curtain to the kitchen. Sounded like a little scuffle too. Some of the staff were dropping f-bombs with kids in the dining area nearby.
Other than that, the place is great.What an honor to be this places 100th review! So long Mint....this is my new favorite Vietnamese - Fusion spot in town!!! J.J. took phenomenal care of us and Chef Nhat spent almost half an hour at our table discussing the menu and his inspiration behind some of the great dishes we had. What a treat!!!
Highlights include the Duck Bao Buns, Shrimp & Bacon Spring Rolls, Papaya Salad and the absolute best Pho that I have ever had.  So many other things that we wanted to try on the menu, but just did not have the time or room in our stomachs. But no worries...because we will be back again soon. 
Great decor, great service, reasonable prices, everything made from scratch and the food came out in no time.  Worthy of a 5-star all the way!Have gotten take out on both visits...does not disappoint! Great staple items and some cool adaptations. So far VERY good and look forward to my next visit.This place is great! I have eaten in on a number of occasions and the service is always great - quick and friendly. The food is always fresh and presented very nicely. Recently I have been taking advantage of their food delivery. It always arrives before the estimated time and is hot and ready to eat. Food is packaged clean (no spilling or movement of food). The drivers are always friendly.  
The crepe is amazing and tasty (one of my favorites). The avacado rolls are refreshing. The fried dumplings are perfection and the accompanying sause has just  the right amount of ginger. The vermicelli is on point. The pho is comforting and the broth is very flavorful. You cannot go wrong with anything on this menu and I look forward to trying more of what they have to offer!Great location with window seating and outdoor seating for watching the world go by at the intersection of Tulane & Carrollton Avenues.  Inside, there are several large wall mounted flat screen TV's to keep  abreast of current events.
I was there on one of those hotter than July, sultry, late July, summer days and in the mood for a light lunch.  The menu item that jumped out at me was the Papaya Salad with Julienned papaya, pork belly, grilled shrimp and finished with the house dressing.  Well, I was right on target with my presumption of this selection as a light lunch.  My surprise was that the papaya did not have the fruity taste that I'd expected, but was rather bland instead.  The grilled shrimp were  somewhat tiny in size, just slightly larger than the size of dried shrimp.  There was also some unexpected coarse ingredient which was sort of the texture and consistency of granules of rock salt.  Finally, the house dressing was too sweet for my taste, so I modified the flavor with Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce and Hoisin Sauce.
Frankly, Namese has quite an extensive menu, so if or when I make a return visit, I'll certainly check out their menu online ahead of time to select a more satiating choice.This is by far the best pho in New Orleans. Full of flavor. Perfect ratio of broth to noodles. The restaurant is very clean and modern. Our waiter, Vinh, was very friendly and attentive. The price was a lot less than what I was expecting. Two thumbs up!!!  I will definitely be back. 
Oh and they also deliver!!!Make reservation we came in with a party of 10.  Small place but real modern.  I love the look.  The food was great asian infused.  I had shared everything since I wanted to try it all.  That what we did with a group of 4.  They where nice and our waiter was great.  Prices where reasonable and there is parking.  When it's nice outside sit in the patio they have a great outdoor seating.I want to bathe in the shaken pho broth. This is just the best pho especially for when you're hungover. I get shaken pho with tofu and it's amazing. They also deliver to me, which is just the icing on the cake. My only qualm is that they're closed on Sundays, which is prime time for a hangover and usually when I most want the pho. Alas, I'll settle for Namese Monday through Saturday.Namese has become one of our go-to spots in the short time it's held court on the intersection of Tulane and Carrollton. A regular don't-feel-like-cooking-let's-just-go-out kinda spot, eat-in or take-out.
Their food is good, not mind-blowing, redefining Vietnamese, or world-changing, but it's delicious, dependable and solid. I will always find something I want to eat. Better yet, it's affordable. It's become our go-to Asian restaurant in the city. 
Favorites: I love the crisps they bring at the start of the meal, THE PAPAYA SALAD (oh my god, anytime, anywhere), The Crab Rangoon, Calamari, the Cuban, the Pho and Banh-Mi combo is enough food for dinner with leftovers for lunch the next day, rolls are all good, and I've enjoyed every banh-mi I've had. 
They have a lovely patio for when it's nice out, and a full bar. Great environment, affordable prices, conveniently located, dependable, tasty food, and THEY DELIVER (to us anyway). I'm a huge fan.Excellent experience.  Maybe my new favorite (top 2?) Asian restaurant in the city.  I had a bite of about 5 dishes and wanted more, even though i wasn't hungry, just to taste all these great flavors!  I'm very hopeful that this is a foreshadow of what's to come with the new Tulane Ave. re-do.We're big fans of Vietnamese cuisine. The spring rolls and Phoga there are phenomenal. Great lunch spot.Stopped here for lunch after one of my fellow yelpers bragged about how good it was. I ordered the brisket pho and thought that it was just ok. It was not as good as some of our other cheaper local joints like phau tau bay and Doung Phong. The broth was ok but not as strong as I have had other places. I usually order pho with a side bahn mi but at $9 for one bahn mi I just ordered a side of the delicious vietnamese bread instead. Namese is good for the area but by far not the best in the city for quality and price.We've ordered from there twice more since my last review. Yesterday we got takeout--it the only time the food has been "ok" instead of amazing. Today we ordered again. We offered them a nice tip if they could come quickly because we are freezing cold in our apartment. The only other time we got delivery I gave the guy $20 because it was late at night and they were kind enough to make an exception. I wish they'd just said they were busy, because the restaurant is right around the corner (less than 2 blocks away) and we waited an hour. The same guy we always see took our order and delivered it. Also, we asked for the sliced jalapenos on the side of my bf's pho and were met with substantial resistance. Maybe they pre-pack the noodles/herbs, but it was a minor request to accommodate and plenty of people have a low tolerance for heat. Anyway, I picked them off myself when the food got here. I was already fishing through both dishes of pho to identify which was the short rib and which the filet (no labels).I want to love and believe in this place-the food ranges from good to very, very good-and hope they can continue to improve their service/communication. Leaving 3 stars instead of the 2 our experience merits to keep the door open for them making it right by us next time around.This place is great. The curry and seafood pho were super flavorful and the service was fast. The crab Rangoon come with chimichurri...woooooah!Always a great meal nice portions of tasty food big variety heat service nice atmosphere will keep going lunch and dinnernThis place has one of the best pho I have tried. I ordered fried tofu and shaken pho with brisket and filet mignon. The sauce for the tofu is a little bit too sweet for me. I still can't tell the difference between shaken pho and regular pho though. The coffee with the condensed milk is just right.Ducky Cuban, Bun Bo Hue and Catfish all delicious!! Nice ambience, we will be back!I opened the menu I found the prices to be a buck or two more per item than what you see in the hole-in-the-wall mid-atlantic soup joints I am most familiar with. It's also a full menu which seems to be the norm around here as opposed to just many soups and a few rolls. If you are not into the "elevate all the things" thing, you may want to choose some place a little less modern.
Gratis prawn crackers to start. I had the fried pork dumplings ($6.5) and the brisket pho ($9). The dumplings were fresh, just lightly fried, and quite delicious. The soup is offered in just one size, regular. It's lighter on the noodles but very heavy on the meat. Just brisket in this one although you can get other parts too (bible/book tripe was conspicuously missing). The aroma of the soup was out of this world. Before you put anything in it, just stick your nose in there and take a huge whiff. This is the good stuff. There is a rich and velvety quality to the broth that I have not experienced in a long time.
This is not an old-school pho joint - the cheapest soup + the cheapest appetizer was $20 after tax and tip (no beverage). It feels like they did the math and then just threw a dollar or two on top of the prices ($4.5 Vietnamese iced coffee?). However, the soup is really, really good and I get the feeling that the other items are delicious and high-quality as well.My favorite go-to lunch/dinner place in New Orleans. Everything on the menu is awesome. The Banh Mi and Pho combo is perfect for the days when you can't make one choice. Namese has the best staff I've encountered in New Orleans. They are friendly and efficient. Always a great dining experience!I would really like for more clear labeling for items that contain fish sauce or animal products. I'm a vegetarian, and was really disappointed when I ordered a tofu dish that came with fish sauce poured on top. Their tofu curry also has fish sauce. Harder to eat here as a vegetarian or vegan if you don't know what to expect. I'd only feel comfortable eating the vegan pho and the vegan spring rolls here.Very good Pho. Good egg rolls. Average pork belly buns. Good service. Nice interior and decor. Average to below average parking situation. We listened to the best of Michael Bolton it seemed for most of lunch and now they've shifted over to Fall Out Boy. Almost done...decent prices too. Bottom line, I'd come back but I'd probably bring my iPod and listen to it throughout.Namese has the most delicious Pho I've ever had. The meat is delicious and the broth has great flavor. I enjoyed the service and the food came out quickly. They also have a good selection of bubble tea. Definitely recommend.Namese is always good. Great pho and the best banh mis around. Love the new updated outdoor space.Delicious and very true to what makes pho and banh mi (Vietnamese po boys as they say here) great. 
Try the shaken pho--adds a nice garlicky kick to the broth.
Pho and banh mi combo is a lot of food, but great.
Awesome service, nice vibes! Cool patio.Great food, service and vibe. This is a hidden gem I stumbled upon. The pho, curry and bao tacos were all worth coming out of the way any day for. All washed down with a Thai iced tea with boba!If you don't feel like driving out to the east for Vietnamese food this is a great option! Some of the best Vietnamese food in the city. The bone marrow broth is excellent, the "viet poboys" are always very fresh, and even the Vietnamese curry is very good. Reasonable prices nice modern atmosphere and great food. Can't ask for anything elseTerrible service. They close at 10, but when I called to order at 9 the guy who answered the phone seemed annoyed and told me they were not taking phone orders this late. I have ordered from here over the phone this late before. The food is fine, but they need new a new staff.I ordered the Garlic Shrimp with crabby rice, my husband had the shrimp pho. Both dishes were delicious. The mojitos were nice & refreshing. 
Great ambiance & the staff was personable & provided excellent customer service.The Shaken Pho is great. Brings out the flavor of the meat. They have revamped Vietnamese cuisine. Highly recommended.Really solid Vietnamese and Asian fusion stuff.  Outdoor seating area is nice.  The shaken pho was really nice.  Never had it before.Excellent service. My fiancé had the pho Ga. It was a huge bowl. He said it was great. Excellent broth.  It was a shake and pho broth. Very smoky tasting. Garlic taste. 
I had the combo vermicelli.  It came with pork, beef and shrimp. Delicious.  The restaurant has a bit of a fly problem. The waitress had the manager fix a sugar concoction.  It worked and the flys left us alone.So delicious!!!! Awesome environment and incredible service!  There are a lot if vegan options as well as a variety of phos,  I got the vermicelli bowl which had a great amount of veggies, not all noodles like other places which I really appreciated.  Fiancé got the curry which was AMAZING!  We also spilt the cram ram goons which were great.  Will definitely be visiting again!I've been hearing this Pho word for a year or two and I finally was able to experience what it was. Its soup!! 
Pho is a really good soup. I didn't think it would fill me up but it did. I had a sample dish during an event here, and the broth was made in a non-traditional way. Namese put a twist to their broth, which I preferred over the traditional. If you are a fan of Pho, when you come here, ask for the version done with the bone marrow grease if I'm not mistaken. The beef inside was so tender and just tasted so much better then the other. I definitely recommend the pork egg rolls. I'm not a fan of egg rolls, but it was so delicious.
The restaurant is in a busy location. Easy to find, and not hard to get to. There's a parking lot in front of the building, and also this business is in an area where street parking is available. This interior was nicely decorated, not overwhelming to the eye or body, there is room to move around. There is a bar when you walk into this establishment. The exterior of the building was newly renovated. I've passed this place before the renovations, and since it was completed, they really did a good job. On a cool day or chilly night, there is a nice patio with a fire pit and also large heaters to keep you warm. During the warmer days, the patio is covered and sun shades can be lowered (they actually can be lowered in the rain, and on a chilly nice.
I've found me a place to eat Pho with my friends. Really good place, and near the house. I'm a fan! For you pho lovers, December 12, is National Pho Day around the world!!I have been wanting to try Namese for a while now. Today was the day. We went for lunch on the first cool fall day when everyone starts thinking of warm soup. Let me start by stating that the menu is enormous! So many choices and each one looks better than the last. It will take many many trips to sample all of the tempting items that are listed on that extensive menu. I chose to try the Peking duck stuffed steam buns and a bowl of pho.  Delicious!  The duck was perfect and the buns were great.  The huge bowl of pho was good with rich beef broth.
We will be back to try more of those menu items.  I leave off one star because the place not a fancy restaurant. It used to be a gas station then a sandwich shop. They have done very well with the decor and it is more than acceptable but the dining room is not a five star experience even though the food certainly is. Don't pass this place up based on the look from the outside.Stumbled into this Vietnamese restaurant after our shopping trip at Costco and was pleasantly surprised! I would recommend the spring rolls over the summer rolls as an appetizer or ordering the spicy fried tofu. The summer rolls came with grilled shrimp instead of fresh shrimp which was a little abnormal I thought but the peanut sauce was good and they tasted fresh. And then for entrees the combination pho and shaken beef were delicious! We also ordered bubble tea to go, which I think was just alright. The bubbles were small and a little stale and not very sweet. The taro mix was also way too sweet though. You can ask for soy milk in the taro as opposed to condense milk if you want, too. I'll be back for the food but probably not the bubbles. Customer service was also excellent and the restaurant is clean and cozy/quiet for a quick bite to eat.Especially when it's cold or rainy, my household loves having Namese delivered straight to our front door. Amazing food and courteous service.Always amazing! And the service is wonderful as well. Thank you Brandon for an incredible lunch!Awesome food for an amazing price! I had the lemongrass chicken vermicelli, which was a good sized portion and absolutely delicious. My friend ordered the pork belly banh mi which was also delicious. The prices are great for the quality of food and portion size. The iced coffee was also delish and not too sweet.