Love this building. The Pimm's cup was really good. I also loved the bruschetta. The atmosphere alone is worth the stop. I loved the private room for our event. However, I wouldn't be disappointed to sit in the courtyard, it's beautiful!I was watching JFK and in the opening scene when the President gets shot, the main character says "lets go to Napoleons, they have a TV" and sure enough they filmed inside this restaurant.Excellent local cuisine at very affordable prices.  Located in a building 
with historical significance.  Great service and ambience.  Loved dining in the  courtyard.  I had a muffaletta, gumbo, and a Sazerac.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. When my friends/family come to town I always take them here, especially if it is their first time.  The atmosphere and history of the restaurant is as great as the food and the price in not going to break your wallet.Love this place and come here every time I'm in New Orleans. I'm a big fan of sazeracs, and the never disappoint here. I don't think the extra price for the absinthe was worth it, though, as I tried them both with and without (hey, research!). The muffuletta had nice, flaky bread and delicious smoked ham, but the olive tapenade was a bit bland. All in all, though, when you combine opera, cocktails, and elegant shabbiness, you cannot go wrong!Pretty damn good for NOLA. Menu is simple, but includes some excellent Italian fare, as well as the stereotypical "Cajun" dishes. 
  Discovered this place after storming out of another nearby establishment. Was impressed by the drink menu as well as the charcuterie plate. The Boulevardier is superb, as is the Aperol Spritz. Rare treats are these in the southern US.
  The service was prompt and courteous, while also funny (but not patronizing).  The outside courtyard dining was pleasant. 
  Red beans and sausage are adequate. Two members of our party raved about the meatball sandwiches. The cassata and bread pudding are a wonderful finish. 
  So glad we found this place. It snatched dining victory from the jaws of tourist trap mediocrity.We went here based on the recommendation of a friend who grew up in the area, and we were not disappointed. 
First of all, the Napoleon House is beautiful. We later learned that it was a U.S. historic landmark, and it was a really cool experience just to sit and look around. 
The food was also amazing, we ordered the half muffuletta, which was HUGE but delicious. 
Lastly, atmosphere was great. Our waiter was funny and friendly, and happy to give us recommendations. 
Definitely a great place to check out!In LOVE with Napoleon House.
   Excellent Sazeracs. 
   Try the Corsican salad to start. Or, do as G and friend did and get the Jambalaya plate. They were practically fighting to lick the plate. Muffalettas are fab. G and Friend split a whole one and I had a quarter which they prepared meat free. Mmmmm. Wish we had this place in San Diego.
    Sat out in the courtyard and it was the most romantic, beautifully lit space. Realized we were slightly under cover when it started to drizzle and we didn't get wet.
    Really, I can't get over how delicious and beautiful this place is yet so CHEAP!As we walk up to this place, a guy in a horse drawn carriage yells to his tourists aboard, "The Napolean House has been around since the 1700's, they're know for their Pimm's Cup."
So, of course we have to check it out. 
And when you get inside, it looks like it's been around that long. Which is one of the cooler things about it. Dim lighting. We order a few Pimms Cups. They were okay. Not great, but okay. Kind of like everything else we got there. To be honest, I was surprised to see it had such high ratings on yelp. Had the Shrimp Romoulade. Okay. The gumbo, not bad. 
I would go back to order one drink and enjoy the eerie ambiance. That's about it.I can't remember our meal here too well. We split a muffaletta or however the hell you spell it, and it was huge, delicious, and well worth the price. The drinks were generously poured, and the service quaint. But the patio at dusk is well worth the visit: after shopping and walking and doing all that you do in New Orleans, it's pleasant to sit under the elephant ears and the bouganvilleas and rest, staring up at historical wrought iron, sipping at something, and listening to the cacophony of Bourbon start up ... again.The service was very friendly and the jambalaya was phenomenal. Decent local beer selection -- I really enjoyed the Abita. They also serve Dixie (lager), whose brewery was almost entirely destroyed by hurricane Katrina and is now apparently being rebuilt. The decor was western and dark and lovely. Good for an afternoon drink and snack.This place is one of my favorites.  I usually make it there at the end of my trip, so by that point, I'm only up for a light lunch and no alcohol!  As usual, I had a quarter of a muffuletta and a gumbo with a side of salad.  The muffuletta's here are excellent.  The bread is fresh, served warm and the cheese is melted.  You can buy either a quarter, half or whole sandwich.  When you order the gumbo and salad, they are small portions, which I like, after spending a week over doing it.  The seafood gumbo is fine, as is the salad, really, just fillers for the quarter of the sandwich. Service at the bar is good, and I can't wait for my next trip to NOLA.The muffuletta is as good as described. It's meaty, warm and the bread is soft as can be. The atmosphere is basis but service was prompt even though crowded.Food and service were excellent! Great atmosphere. The hostess working the door on Monday, November 21 lunch shift was extremely rude and unprofessional. Attitude check is definitely in order.We walk down da street til we can't walk in dis heat no mo. We go inside dis joynt and grab all da seats at da bar. We was like Oh ma God! Place is bodacious! We ate da muff and we ate da po boy and we ate da Pimms Cup #1. So good dat we want to live herre now. Fuck da rest.We popped in for a quick lunch. The muffuletta was great. I like it served warm. That's all I had, but it was a good muffuletta.Housed in a landmark building dating from 1797 that's rated among the most historically significant locations in New Orleans - it's on the National Register - Napoleon House incorporates two dining experiences under one roof. Napoleon House, with its casual atmosphere, is basically a bar and European-style cafe serving soups, salads, gumbo, and the local sandwiches for which New Orleans is famous - the muffaletta and the po' boy. Girod's Bistro serves Mediterranean and Southern French cuisine, heavy with accents of South Louisiana. (Many patrons of Napoleon House don't even realize that this dining room, with its Old World charm, operates under a different name.) Among the items you might find on its ever-rotating menu are Moroccan spiced lamb loin chops, Louisiana shellfish with Shiitake mushrooms on a bed of angel hair pasta, smoked rabbit jambalaya, and grilled salmon in a citrus cream sauce. Classical music provides a soothing background in both the cafe and bistro sections. Service is very friendly and attentive, professional without being stuffy.We've been here twice. Good vegetarian options. Solid drink choices. Casual.  Friendly, welcoming place. You want Jordan as your waiter.While in NOLA for a conference I wanted to try a Muffeleta and Sazerac... and stumbled across Napoleons House.  Ended up eating her 2x during that week.  The Muffeleta was better cold (ask for it cold, otherwise it comes out served warm).  Dixie beer was cold, and the small interior patio was small and charming.   Is most the clientele tourists ?  yes... but at least they are not out front hawking people to come in and dine on formica tables.  
This place still has a local feel to it....  although I'm sure I was just one of the many touristas visiting !The Pimms Cup had nothing on the Victory Bar (Central Business District) and the Cheese Plate was a major slap in the face (pedantic cheeses presented with no care or joy). 
From this Yelper's eyes, the place is a tourist joint running on a reputation that's about as dusty and musty as the window decorations.My first impression of Napoleon's was ruined when I saw a mouse crawling about on the floor at the next table.  The staff's reaction when I quietly told him?  "What would you like me to do about it?"  We were enjoying the fairly good food until then.  Interesting, history-filled building, but I won't be returning.First time I've been to NOLA and we went here for lunch. The service was awesome and the food delicious!!!!! And the history of the restaurant is awesome. It's a must to eat here!!!!I've been deciding if I should review Napoleon... All I had there was an Abita SOS and some incredible conversation. Three of us came here for an apertif. We crammed into the front corner of the busy bar. As we tourists chatted a bit, our neighbor perked up and joined in. He used to work here. In the 50s. We received a wonderful education that turned into a fun conversation ranging far beyond New Orleans.
I definitely will return next time in New Orleans and sample more.Came for lunch and the food, service and ambiance was excellent.   We split a muffuletta, red beans and jambalaya and the original Pimms.  Everything was great!!!I love the inside and outside look of this place. We sat outside and our waiter was super fun spirited. We had the famous pimm cups and muffuletta. The pimm cup was delicious but only one is good enough. After two I was like meh too much sugar.  
The muffuletta was tasty but I'm a simple chick and there was a lot going on in that sandwich. The chips are really good too!Walking into Napoleon House on Halloween, with classical music filling the atmosphere and a table of pirates front and center - like, people in real costumes, not just a patch over an eye and a plastic hook arm, but with plumage and fancy flair - was remAAARRRRkable.  Sitting in the courtyard sipping a Pimm's Cup, so fabulous French Quarter.  
I was wearing false eyelashes with long feathers on them. I don't wear these every day, but it was Halloween.   
"Are you wearing false eyelashes?"  I was asked by another patron.  No, my lashes are just naturally long green feathers.  "There's a young woman in the restroom who desperately needs help."  she said.  OMG, eyelash emergency!    I sprung into action.
She not only needed help with applying her lashes, but also with full makeup so she could look like a wenchy-witch to please her boss (er- pimp?)   I was in the ladies' room for about 15 minutes as this little urchin had never before worn makeup and needed to be talked down from her escalating anxiety of having a stranger touch her eyelids. 
I considered it my good deed for the day.  The upside - the table service was so unbelievably slow and inattentive, that when I finally returned to the table, our muffelatta had arrived.  
On this day we taste-tested muffelattas.  Napoleon House vs. Central Grocery.  Napoleon's was really quite good, but I decided I prefer the sandwich cold instead of warm as served here.We were here for the muffuletta and it did not disappoint! We all agreed this was the best dinner we had while in NOLA. The olive salad on the sandwich was amazing. Since they do not sell it I will get busy trying to copy it! FYI: the menus says muffuletta for 1 or 2. The muffuletta for 1 is enough for 2 people. But we got to take home the other half for later. It is huge and served warm on a wonderful crusty roll.Skip the food; you can eat better elsewhere for the same price. That's not the reason you came here anyway; If you want a muffuletta, just go to Central Grocery. You want to drink Pimm's Cups and Mint Juleps. Not that you can't get better versions of either a block up the street at The Hermes bar, but you came here for the atmosphere. That's what you came here for. You want to drink coll drinks out in a French Quarter courtyard. So, yeah, do that.Had the 1/2 muffilata and seafood gumbo. excellent my first time eating the muffilata and it was the bomb. the gumbo was ok or I would have giving them a 5. small cool place very retro and fun, my kinda place.This restaurant & bar is a New Orleans favorite, and I'm glad that I tried it for the first time back in 1997 on a previous trip, and returned again for lunch during my recent trip in late-February.  The Pimm's Cup cocktail and the Muffuletta sandwich are the things to order here....the Pimm's Cup is cool and refreshing, and the Muffuletta is delectable!  Great ambiance in both the patio and the restaurant.....I highly recommend Napolean House!A friend of mine who grew up in New Orleans told me tales of his underage drinking and debauchery here long ago, so I figured it'd have to be a decent place to get a drink on a lazy weekday afternoon.
I was right. We came here midday for a drink and a sandwich, and we weren't disappointed. We sat at a table next to the sidewalk. Our server was personable, kind and efficient. Jay H. had a Sazerac; I had a Pimm's Cup. Both were wonderful. The sun shone in through the trees on the sidewalk while we sipped our drinks and waved at the tours that pass by every few minutes. Our muffaletta was lightly toasted and was just the thing to satisfy us--not too much food, and not too little.
The restaurant itself is beautiful. If I had more time in the city, I'd be here every day.Design is nice but the food is regular that does not correspond to its price!!!we expected that the food should be delicious but we were very disappointed.  The host did not do a good job and did not make any effort to seat us where we wanted. Do not recommend.When you're picky eater says the muffuletta was the best thing he had the entire trip you know it's good. Definitely worth waiting for when the doors say 11am to open but more like 11:15 and then order full muffuletta to take with on the train ride home - worth it!! 
Have had muffuletta in many restaurants. This was by far the best! 
The only reason we went was Bc of a walking tour recommendation. So worth it! Came back for more!!Napoleon house is one of those rare places that make one long to return to a city, just to sit again in the shade of the ancient palms, drinking drinks in the sulfurous light of the old gas lamps.  The wait staff wear white, and glow faintly as they move soundlessly amongst the tables, I drank my first Pimms cup here, while being regaled with stories of gold coin, bribes and intrigue.Meh. That pretty much sums it up. Nothing against the service or the delicious Pimm's cup, but the food was certainly nothing special (especially after a fantastic meal at GW Fins the evening earlier) 
My husband and I split the spinach and artichoke dip. It was fine...nothing special. I had the turkey po'boy for dinner. They charge an additional $1.50 for cheese and $.45 for tomato and lettuce. So this take a $7 sandwich to a $9 sandwich...which in the end tastes like something from Jimmy Johns. I like jimmy johns...I just want something a bit more special if I am going to be paying 9 dollars for it. 
If you must go...stick with the Pimm's cup.alright, the pimm's cup is not as good as it used to be.  but you know what?  since i learned how to make them myself, i haven't been satisfied with anyone else's anyway.
so still worth a trip, and still the best pimm's in the quarter (in my opinion) but for what it's worth...
serve over ice in tall glass:
1 part Pimm's No. 1
2 parts Lemonade
Two fingers of Ginger Ale
Garnish with slice of cucumberHad my first Pimm's cup here on a history of the cocktail tour and it was great.  The building also has some cool history as it was built with the intention of being where Napoleon would stay if he came to America, which he never did.Omg!! Best muffalettes ever!! I asked for extra toasty and it was perfect! One of the managers Mitch(who was so sweet) recommended the fried chicken with coleslaw sandwich, which was life changing!!! Amazing!!! The only thing this place is missing, is french fries!!!!!  I don't usually go back to restaurants that don't have fries but I'll definitely be back here! !!!  Great food, great service, great management and great bloody mary!  Enjoy!!!!Pimms cup was refreshing and my wife enjoyed her bourbon milk punch...twice!  Excellent muffuletta with toasted bread - which differentiates theirs from Central Grocery.I LOVE Muffaletta sandwiches but had never had one in NOLA, so upon coming here this past weekend I knew I HAD to get an authentic Muffaletta. After reading so many reviews and recommendations about how Napoleon House is considered to be the best place to get one, I had to come here. My cousin and I came here for lunch last Friday and I really enjoyed the food, service, my Watermelon Pimm's Cup, and the courtyard!
I ordered a quarter size Muffaletta with a side of jambalaya and an order of boudin. The food was very good. I had never had boudin before and wanted to try it. For the $5 price of it, I'd say it was worth it. The table next to our's was raving to us about how good the boudin there was and they ordered a second helping of it after finishing the first. I ordered the Watermelon Pimm's Cup and it was delicious! I had never had a Pimm's Cup before and I can't wait to get another one (hopefully I can get my next one here at home in STL in the mean time until my next adventure in NOLA). 
The courtyard is beautiful and Napoleon House even has a misting fan outside which was very nice. I enjoyed the classical music that played in the background as we ate outside. Our waiter was very friendly and down to earth and the rest of the staff that we encountered were very accomodating and friendly. I highly recommend paying the Napoleon House a visit if you're looking for a nice Muffaletta in the French Quarter! You won't be disappointed!Skip this place. While on our Honeymoon we ducked in to what looked like a fun place to eat. It's mainly Italian fare but we ordered the gumbo and jambalaya because we were in New Orleans. The half crab hanging out of the gumbo was black and silver. The jambalaya was terrible. Food poisoning plagued the rest of our trip.Really frustrating experience here. Showed up around 6:10 and was told it would take 30 minutes to sit 2. Hostess said she would yell out our name both inside and outside so we went outside to wait. We were within 5 feet of the door off to the side and waitied. We heard her come out and yell a few other names but didn't hear ours. We waited and waited for about 50 minutes when we decided we had better check and see what the holdup was. We went inside and the Hostess told us she had already called our name and we would have to sign up again. Except we knew this wasn't true or if it was she must have put in hardly any effort at all into yelling for us because we were standing 5 feet from the door, watching and listening to other names be called. She says she called us but all I can say is she did a very poor job yelling or even bothering to do more than stick her head out the door. A very hungry hour waiting and in the end we were fed up so we went elsewhere instead of waiting another 30 minutes. Maybe the food would have been good but we will never know because the service was subpar to even get in. I definetely won't recommend this place to anyone. Far easier to go across the street where the Hostess actually looked around and yelled the name a couple of times.Excellent muffulettas and pimms cup! Well priced, good food and euro ambiance made it a perfect lunch spot. Tip: the muffuletta is a large sandwich and a half serving plus salad was enough for two.Mercy!  85 reviews and counting!  I'll try to keep this short.
I've dined at Napoleon House twice.  On visit #1 the food was good, and our spot in the courtyard was precious, but service was just ok.  Visit #2 was even better!  I dined in the courtyard with two other lovely ladies and service was fantastic.  Honestly, we're not even THAT good looking, but we had three waiters smiling at us and checking on us throughout the meal.  Maybe one of us had a nip slip or something...
Anywho - There are three reasons I love this place:
#1 The decor is awesome.  This place looks at least 1000 years old.  The paint is cracked, antiques cover the walls, and the old fashioned bar is awesome.  The courtyard has a nice fountain and is covered with plants - adorable.
#2 Napoleon House introduced me to the Pimm's Cup.  For this, I will be forever grateful.
#3 The food is cheap, and very tasty.  Sooooo many places are overpriced in the FQ.  I love coming here for a bargain meal.  *Try the muffuletta - it has celery in the tapenade which is odd for me, but it is one fantastic sammy.
So sometimes, your bargain meal comes at a cost, i.e. not so great service.  Sometimes, you get lucky and you have a cheap, tasty meal with fantastic service.  Either way, I'll keep coming back to Napoleon House.  The  place is just too cute to pass up and the prices can't be beat.Napoleon House is our mandated first stop for on every trip to NOLA. It's become a tradition to start each trip with a relaxing Pimms Cup. We have spent many an hour relaxing with friends, enjoying Pimm's and beers and people watching. My favorite place to sit is a table near the windows in the bar area, especially on mild days when the doors/windows are open. We have also whiled away a few afternoons back in the courtyard as well. I love that they play classical music and you can actually sit and have a conversation and aren't shouting over loud music. It;s my favorite bar in the Quarter. 
While I prefer a cold muffaletta, the warm one served here is delicious as well if you are looking for something different. 
Its one of those "not be to missed places"We were told by locals to get the Muffalotta here. I will be thinking about that sandwich for a long time. 
Our waiter was very friendly. I saw him being very friendly with all the customers. 
I loved the decor of the place. When you walk in, you escape into a different world. I think it's a perfect place to eat and get a away from the heat outside.
I would recommend.We stumbled on to this place as we walked the French Quarter looking for a lunch spot. It was worth the stumble. 
I had the Madrid sandwich and it was delicious. I loved the touch of black beans in the sandwich which gave it a spicy little kick. My friends ordered the Jambalaya, a generous portion too, and everyone was satisfied with it. The place itself is gothically gorgeous. We sat in the patio outside and enjoyed the afternoon with our delicious food.The food was amazing, the service was incredible and everything is at a reasonable price. Pictures of Napoleon everywhere and a very historical vibe as it was built for Napoleon. I would definitely recommend eating here if you are ever in the french quarter.I enjoyed spending a lazy afternoon sharing red beans and rice, and drinking a pimm's cup and a beer in the outdoor courtyard.  Service was friendly and relatively quick, and the food and drinks were good.  The courtyard is beautiful and a great place to relax away from the crowds of the French Quarter.
We were led to this place by a friend of mine who lives in New Orleans and it felt like a bit of a treasure in the midst of the French Quarter chaos.  I'd come back for a quick drink again or an hour or two of just chatting and snacking in the outdoor area.what was excellent: Pimms cup - this is their specialty. it is good and worth coming to try it. I had the classic. Their Red beans and rice is also a stand out and of the three or so places i tried it, i felt it was the best here. My husband raved about the Jambalaya as well. 
the Meh: Boudin sausage. maybe this is just not to my taste but i found it to have an unpleasant texture and fairly bland. the orange marmalade like condiment was an improvement. it also came with some odd, limp, bland vegetables that went largely ignored. 
the place is well known in the quarter and the prices are really great. worth checking out once, order the pimms, it was certainly the star here.My advice: Stop in for a drink, and leave. Sure, it's in a cool part of the Quarter, but there's really nothing special about this place. Who knows, maybe it was because the bartender "Mario" was such a curt prick. Maybe, if he didn't exude the personality of a brick, we would've stayed for more than a drink. 
Overpriced, extremely weak drinks. Trust me, I had a front row seat while angry Mario splashed maybe a half oz. into each Pimms cup. 
Yep, come in for a drink, just to say you've been in Nola's oldest bar. Too many other cool joints in this area.This place is fantastic.  The bar oozes with history, the staff are fantastic, and you will soon learn that a Pimm's Cup can cure most of what ails you.   In the midst of a crazy Mardi Gras experience, this was the one place where everyone seemed to be an adult, or could act like one for at least 20 minutes.   Don't miss it!The muffeletta  and pimms cup drink were greet. However the service was horrible! The bartender ignored my mom, sister and I for 15 minutes without ever acknowledging us. When I finally had to ask for a seat he was rude and never asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside. He sat us inside. When I asked if we could sit outside he said, " your close enough!" how rude. He looked into the outdoor courtyard and said, "nope full." but it wasn't full. You all need to bump up you friendliness and customer service!!Ah, Pimm's Cups on the rainy July afternoon. This place was built for Napoleon himself but he died before the locals could convince him to come. One of those rare places that locals and tourist love equally. Good cocktails, surly service, decent charcuterie, unmatched history.Fantastic ambience, pimms cups off the charts, good food especially the muffaletta. Not a big rowdy bar but we'll worth stopping in for lunchFirst time having a pimms cup. Awesome!After a night of walking around New Orleans on a Haunted Tour, I was hungry. Napoleon house was near our hotel and the wait wasn't very long for a Saturday night.. Actually it was quite dead. We were seated outside near a heat lamp which was nice since it was a chilly night. I think the heat lamp kept me from going postal! We were waiting about 10 minutes for someone to give us some water. We we sitting RIGHT IN FRONT of the waiter station. So when are waiter came to us, asked us our drinks, and disappeared. So since we are sitting in front of the waiter station... we heard the waiter say.... "I don't want their table . take it" to other waiter. Ok... we ordered water and one beer and we were sober and dressed in clothes to do a haunted WALKING tour there was no need to be so rude where we can hear you! So our new waiter came to us and didn't let us know what was available.... so of course the things we wanted... was out! We ordered our food and the food came out cold.. Gumbo shouldn't be COLD! I was just so frustrated with my meal and the service I wanted to go back to our hotel. The waiter who dumped us came back to us and was being nice again. Well you lost your tip so don't bother kissing up to us now! I HATED this place. All I heard is how wonderful NOLA was on food and service, I guess people didn't go to the Napoleon House!Very mediocre. Shrimp po boy was lacking on shrimp or any sauce, and the bread was stale and overpowering. Gumbo was good, but a small serving. Too small for lunch. Our server was clearly experienced, and the host was a delight. But with all the amazing food in the area, I would not return. Spend your money elsewhere.I must downgrade my initial rating. The staff completely ignored my coworker and her sister, who are black.  They waited for a good 10 minutes to talk to someone about a table for our group (the rest of us were standing outside).  Multiple staff people walked by but did not address, them say hello, ask them to hold on a minute- nothing.  It's inexcusable.We were directed to this establishment by both my cousin and our tour guide. I wasnt totally blown away by the food (though the loaded baked potato was delicious) but I was very happy with the service (excellent) and the pimms cup (refreshing). The prices are very good for what you get. The interior is pretty cool.Affordable for New Orleans and the Pimm Cup is soooo good!Order the muffaletta. And a sazerac. That's what I did and I had one of the greatest meals of my life.Stopped in for a Pimms and a muffuletta. They were both outstanding. The restaurant has a lot of character and the service was outstanding.My lady friend and I, whilst wandering the area, chanced upon the Napoleon House a few days ago. On reviewing the menu, we were pleased to see that it was both affordable and had a nice range of delicious looking foods. With great anticipation, we went in.
That, clearly, was the first mistake.
After waiting some time, we placed our order - gumbo for my lady friend, a reuben for myself. Eagerly, we sat back and waited for our food to come.
And we waited. In a restaurant with 3-5 tables out of a slew filled, we waited. The sun rose higher, and we waited. Ents had a moot, and we still waited. I grew a full beard, and, still, we waited.
To be fair, it was about half an hour total. Still, for a full staff and virtually no patrons, this seemed a bit absurd. Then, as our order arrived, we understood, at last, the cruel joke we were the butt of.
I'm a large fellow. I enjoy food. I enjoy reubens. What I got was something more akin to a larval stage reuben. At some point, if allowed to thrive, it may have become something sizeable enough to be called a sandwich. As it was, the alleged sandwich was roughly 4"x5", similar in proportion to Wonder Bread. To really add glamor to the experience, the good folk served it to me using the heel of the loaf. I, clearly, was in an ecstasy of fine dining.
The gumbo, while tasty, was also about 1-1.5 cups total volume. I say it was tasty, though, really, we're working on conjecture; I'm not sure that it was actually enough to coat all the regions of the tongue. Perhaps it was bitter. We'll never know.
I think, on reviewing our time at the Napoleon House, that several questions were raised as to how it remains in business, hasn't been burned down, and how the waiters survive on what must be quite meager tips. It did, however, clear up why Napoleon died in exile - better death alone than any real association with this atrocity in restaurant form.The Pimms Cups at the Napolean house are probably the best in the US. The food isn't the best in New Orleans but is fairly priced and much better than several French Quarter locations. Try the roast beef poboy.My husband would probably give Napoleon's 4 stars for the architecture and history alone, but the food and service were slightly lacking.  We ordered the Pimm's, and it was absolutely perfect.  My husband had the chicken sandwich.  He seemed to like it, but it was quite small.  I had the quarter muffaleto and a side of jambalaya.  The muffaletto was OK, but it was unevenly heated.  All in all, the muffaletto at Central is  much better.  The jambalaya was good, but I received about a 1/4 cup for 4 dollars.  Our waiter was nice, but he was clearly in a rush to get us out.  He came with the check while i was still eating.  I'd go back for the Pimm's, but I'd eat somewhere else first.Came here for the Muffaletta and it did not disappoint!
The building is really cool; old with a wonderful history. You really feel like you've gone back in time. Service was good! We started with an app and it came out hot! Very good dip and bread. The Muffaletta was outstanding. I went with the half...and I could only eat half. I shoulda opted for the quarter. My wife had the salad and that was very good as well. Such a neat place to eat with all the history and charm of the building. 
Can't say enough about the staff either. Like a bonehead, I left my receipt behind and needed it for my expense report. My wife was able to head back the next day (while I was in a conference) and they gladly printed out another copy. Thank you!Everything we ate there was fantastic. A perfect muffeletta. Delicious jambalaya and rice and red beans. Pimm's Cup is a great cocktail. Very cool atmosphere, too.Plus
+Mario makes the best Bloody Mary's and Pimm's Cups on the planet
+The muffuletta and jambalaya are made to perfection
+the setting is rustic and unadulterated 
Minuses 
-none.Best Muffalatta in the world!!! The place its vintage, which make you feel you are in the Napelon time.One of the stops on our bike bar your was napoleons house for their famous pimms cup. It's gin and lemonade and delicious. I didn't go inside but apparently the owner of the bar offered his house to Napoleon who had been exiled twice from France.Walked in this afternoon with 17 high schoolers and 5 adults after flying into town from Wisconsin .  Immediate seating available for all albeit at different tables which we expected.  Kids enjoyed the ambiance and relaxed atmosphere.  They all found something new to try. Jordan our waiter just rolled with everything.  Even brought out the Wisconsin chef that was there.  He talked one person who detests sandwiches into trying and enjoying hers.  I split a muffaletta with another which filled us both.  Try the Italian cream sodas.  Everyone left contented and the cost was well within our budget ($15 / head.)you know, I really like the vibe and ambiance here - all the old crap on the walls, the waiters eating during shifts at the communal table in the corner, the bar always full at all hours.  but the food just isn't that good.  mufffaleta and dirty rice were both truly mediocre.  but i bet it's a great drinking spot, if it doesn't get too overwhelmed by french quarter tourists.worst restuarant experience ever. we waited 20 minutes before anyone took our order. then took another 20 minutes before they brought the gumbo that we had ordered as an appetizer. in the meantime the drinks we had ordered at the bar and water that they brought when we sat down remained empty. no one asked if we would like another drink for quite some time. then when they finally asked if we would like another drink they did not refill out empty water glasses. the drink took 20 minutes to arrive. when our food finally arrived 45 minutes after ordering they brought me a burnt panini. burnt as in black. I immediately told them I did not want it. I did not receive an apology. after being there an hour we finally had to flag down a bus boy to fill our empty water glasses. the gumbo was average at best. the party sitting next to us asked to see the manager and complained that they had multiple problems. eating here was a complete waste of time and money.Having a great time with a big group of friends. Great atmosphere and drinks are flowing along with some yummy appetizers too. We are just getting started!We sat at the bar to grab a quick bite and drink and to get out of the rain.  So of course being at Napoleon House we had to try a Pimm's Cup.  We shared the watermelon version which was surprisingly refreshing and a perfect lunchtime pick-me-up.  The food was much less appealing.  The chicken and brie sandwich was a pass for sure and tiny without any sides.  Though the muffaletta next to us looked humongous, again it appeared as if it was all bread.  And then the bartender was all over the place and tough to pin down to even order water or get a second pair of utensils.  Napoleon has a nice building and a famous backstory, but I would pass other than to try a quick Pimm's Cup at the place of origin.A perfectly toasted muffaletta filled my belly with much needed nurturing. This place had a seasoned and rustic feel and the walls wanted to scream centuries of the echoes of good times passed. We had our food and Pimms Cups in the courtyard where the water gurgling from the nearby fountain soothed our parched and hungover souls.Great place to eat or get a drink in the city here are some more ideas to do for your visit to The Big Easy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPYmKl6mPTAMy go-to spot to eat and drink in the quarter. This is the one place where locals come to eat, drink and be merry. Napoleon House lunch out on the patio on a nice day is an experience that cannot be beat anywhere. My favorites are the famous Pims Cup of course, the warm muffuletta, huge plate of red beans and rice served with a side of smoked sausage, the shrimp remoulade stuffed avocado, there is not much on the menu that isnt great except maybe the Ruben sandwich that if you are in New Orleans you want a local dish anyways. What makes this place even more exceptional is that they dont gouge you charging tourist prices, its why its a locals hangout. Love this joint.This was my first time to NOLA.  The atmosphere was superb.  The food was as great as the atmosphere : )  The Muffaletta was incredible.  The pesto pasta was not shabby either!  Too bad they didn't have any Jambalaya left when we came, otherwise that would have blown us away too!  Darn, I guess we will have to come back to New Orleans again... ; )