We got The Seafood Platter, a Thin Fried Catfish Platter, Boudin Balls, and Alligator Poppers! They were so big TSFP fed my husband and I, and the TFCFP fed 3 kid's! AP & BB were amazing! Everything was cooked to perfection, except the crab patties! Kinda dark and way to seafoody which is odd considering it's crab. My guess is it was not fresh.. Service was prompt and friendly. Overall we enjoyed our takeout experience here!The food is pretty good, the atmosphere is just awful. We went on a busy Friday night, 2/3s of the tables were occupied, the other 1/3 were dirty. We literally had to clean our own table. Then the girl came over to wipe the table down and the rag she used was dripping wet and smelled terrible. The food took forever to come out. But once he did it was pretty good. This place is definitely better if you go through the drive thru.
UPDATE: The New Orleans Hamburger and Seafood on Vets and David dr is EXCELLENT! It's worth the little extra driveI ordered the western  which has jalapeno, cheddar and onions.  Meat lacked flavor . Tge garlic fries were cold and a little soft. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff but for the money the value or taste wasn't there.Eggplant entree = amazing! Salad, Poboys, fried catfish, crawfish queso & alligator bites are great! I appreciate this place! Come in, order you're food, they're quick and easy going. Great first experience.have tried both burger and seafood dinners at this location. food is excellent, employees always friendly. waitresses (Olivia and Heather) are always smiling and do remember their customers and are willing to offer suggestions for dining experiences. they are both available to assist in any way and at all tables. they do make an outstanding team and are to be commended for their abilities and eagerness to make everyone feel comfortable. will continue enjoying the atmosphere and food at this location.New Orleans Hamburger occupies that precarious middle ground between fast food and a sit-down restaurant (Interestingly enough, this location sits between a Wendy's and a Copeland's, so there you go).  There are waiters/waitresses, but they're not really waiting on you.  You walk straight up to the counter to order, but don't expect a tray of food anytime soon.    
The menu is comprised of the usual local favorites:  Lots of burgers, po-boys and fried seafood.  Everything is adequate.  I would never go out of my way to get here, but if you need a quick fix for one of your favorites and you don't know where else to go, then this might be your place.  Otherwise, there are better versions of all of these dishes at local establishments throughout the city.  This is more of a chain-y version of what NOLA fast food is all about.  
It's a little pricey for what you get.  It feels like I'm paying extra for the full service restaurant niceities, but the quality of food isn't there.  Personally, I'd rather get a great sandwich wrapped in paper than an ok sandwich on a nice plate sporting a fleur-de-lis toothpick.
There are some definite pluses here, though.  They make their own veggie burger and it ain't bad. That's more than I can say of many local establishments.    It's a huge burger topped with grilled onions, avocado slices and Swiss cheese.  They also have a nice selection of flavored iced teas and a totally free, serve yourself, vanilla soft serve ice cream machine.  Who doesn't like making their own soft serve ice cream cone?  I might have to give them an extra star if they ever step up to the vanilla chocolate swirl.Their turkey sandwich is my favorite...and their poboys are a good size. They even have a convenient drive thru. 
But the garlic butter fries are amazing!!! We often order several orders of them.Let me start off by saying that the garlic fries are the bomb..!! Would always see the commercials and finally made it in for the first time. Hubby got the fish sampler, he said his catfish was a little small and not enough shrimp for the $11.99 price and I got the deluxe bacon cheddar hamburger. It was a good size burger that I didn't even finish it. Will definitely go back! Line moved very quickly even tho we went during lunch time.Have you ever sat down to write a review and had nothing to say?  What it means here is that it was not memorable at all.  The burger was huge (1/2 lb) and you add your own condiments.  I am not eating bread these days so I got lots of tomato, onions, lettuce. It was just OK. Better than the chains?  yeah, I guess.  There's just nothing here that they do specal other than huge portions. 
I went because it was across the street from my hotel and they take Amex and after the flight from LA, I was beat. It served its purpose.
They have video poker too.Went today for lunch. Staff was friendly and polite. Thin fried catfish poboy was excellent. Even though they were busy, it took only about 5 minutes for the food to come out. Maybe I was just really hungry, but this was the best poboy I have eaten in a while.This place was a nice change.  I had been in NO for a week and decided to check this place out.  I was pleasantly surprised.  They make a great burger.  Give it a try if your ever in the neighborhood.Ugh, I don't know what happened to this place but avoid the shrimp. I gave them another chance after getting violently sick after eating one of their po'boys November of last year, then when I came back down for school i figured I'd give them another try since I fell in love with them when I 1st got here. But I f*cked up, cause the same thing happened again. As I was doubled over in pain I took a look at the rest of the half catfish/half shrimp po'boy and saw that the shrimp is NOT being cleaned properly (deveined) so that more than likely was the explaination for why i spent the rest of the night hurling!... it wasn't pretty.Tried this and I was disappointed. Seemed more like a hybrid fast food joint than an awesome seafood restaurant. Pretty much all their items are fried. 
Ordered the fried catfish, fried shrimp and crab cakes. The catfish were overcooked and had way too much batter. The shrimp was nothing to write home about, you can get similar quality in the Walmart frozen food section. And the crab cake with fried green tomatoes was heavily doused with sauce. For the price I expected something a little better. Many better options in the area that are not too commercialized like this oneFood was good but service was lousy. Never saw a waitress until we were finished eating.Forgot the name of the po'boy but it was the one with shrimp and fried green tomatoes. It was one of the best I have ever had. The quality was worth the price.Drive thru is really slow, spent 50 mins of my lunch break waiting and only had 10 mins to eat.. wasn't satisfiedThe best burger ever in new Orleans the beef patty is juicy and well seasoned each time we visit we are never disappointed, we like the garlic fries , the grilled fish , Rajun cajun burger , iced tea and they have vanilla ice cream for free . 
I recommend this place for a good burger or u can find traditional new orleans food by the way the crawfish boiled soup was delicious .Thoroughly enjoyed everything.   Crawfish queso was a much hit with the whole family.   Waitstaff were courteous and helpful.Randomly strolled upon this place headed back home.... Ratings weren't that great but tried it anyway... We loved it... The gator bites, burger and strawberry salad were all wonderful... The service was great and place was very clean... Do recommend this place!!!Been to this place consistently over the years and the seafood is great and so are the burgers. The price is decent for the quality. A good go to place for takeout.I swear they push that ridiculous "thin cut catfish" because they can make one thick cut into 5 pieces and sell you mostly batter. The thick cut is fabulous and you actually taste fish. It's delicious! The thin cut is fish-wise a rip off even at $10 when you can get 3-4 times the fish for a few dollars more.Your typical casual fast dining location - its nothing super special but you can either dine in, get a to-go order or even drive through. The drive through usually takes a while because they actually cook the food to order.  I prefer to call ahead and get a to-go order for salad -- about $11.
This location (and all NOLA hamburger locations) get a 3 star review because the food is just mediocre. The salads are great but not worth the $11 price. This location, in particular, has a really steep drive way and when I was leaving one time it scratched up the bottom of my bumper - be VERY CAREFUL when leaving the parking lot.Great burgers and amazing fries. They're pretty pricey for my liking but they have an ice cream machine out for the taking. Yummy!!This has been one of the worst dining experiences of my life, and I have not yet been served my meal. We wait patiently for a table (10 mins), then wait patiently to order in line (another 13 mins) and have now been waiting north of 30 mins to receive our food. This is an establishment that has a drive thru. The kitchen manger should be terminated, and a serious evaluation of store leadership is in order. You have lost a large group of customers who will never be back. I've received better service at McDonalds.I have eaten at this Restuarant in a couple of locations. I love that the menu is broad with a lot of choices.  You also get free ice cream cone when eating inside. Worth it!! 
This place has anything to eat from hamburgers to poBoy's to fried seafood platters and then the best hamburgers  and fries! The onion rings are great too. 
Salads and soups are great too!!!! I recommend this spot (more so for lunch or an early dinner) also great desserts if you opt out of the ice cream. Great happy hour daily!!!I have eaten here twice for lunch.
Reasons to go:
1) Shrimpzilla!!!!!
2) Good quality food!
3) Decent menu variety
4) Free soft serve for dessert
Reasons to avoid:
1) Kinda pricey
2) Hit or miss table side service
3) Wait in line prior to order and then you find a table. Not a big deal unless they're busy then its kinda sucky
4) It smells funny...weird, slight indistinct odor. It is in there every time but I got used to it rather quickly
5) Not very clean restroomswent sooner than I thought.. and it was still good!We had the Big Cheasy and the All American and both were so so, not impressed and especially not for the price. The garlic fries were oily. We did order the Alligator Poppers and they were awesome.Dinner is quite enjoyable at this location. Burgers are big and juicy. The chicken gumbo is seasoned so that it can be eaten by all. The shrimp remolade is huge (meal in itself). Waitresses Olivia and Heather are always helpful and cheary. Fries in garlic butter is outstanding. Free ice cream is always a plus if you have kids with you.                                              Lunch was a different story. Food was still good, but after waitress brought my food, I did not see her again (they only had 4 other customers at the time). This was a disappointment to me as the evening staff will constantly ask if you need anything and both of them are on the floor constantly.                                                                                                                  I do plan on returning to try more of the seafood dinners.I usually get the shrimp poboy not the hamburgers because it has longer hours and a drive through which most poboy joints don't.  If you go inside you do get dress your sammiches yourself.  The fries are big steak fries which I like.Honestly, I don't know why people keep going to this chain of restaurants.  I'm sorry, there's just TOO MANY OTHER places that have burgers that are WAY better than here.  And those fries, ugh.  Don't care for the garlic stuff on them, and you don't get too many of them.  The burgers must be frozen, because they sure don't taste fresh.  And $2,99 for a soda???? Really????????????????????????????????????????????  Sorry, but not just this location, but this restaurant just isn't worth the time.  I only gave it two stars because it tasted fine, just not worth $9.99 for the burger and $2.99 for a drink, making my bill over $14.  Not worth it at all.This is one of the best burger joints here in the big Easy!
I tried their cajun burger it was delicious and I also liked those garlic fries that came with it. After eating at this place it makes me want more.
I definitely like the fact that this place is close to where I live.
The service was rather mediocre though. But all in all it was a great dining experience.Tonight I went to New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood on Clearview I wanted the southern thing po boy but it wasn't on the menu they've taken it off the menu but they still serve it but I didn't know that and I told the cashier that I was looking for the Southern thing Po Boy by this time I had already order the Bayou pasta which had a cheesy Tangy sauce which was good with a sweet tea my food always tastes good but for some reason that food always bothers my stomach I very seldom visit New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood it's always that way even if I have a burger no matter what I eat there even with the southern thing but I love the something thing Po Boy but I think this is going to be my last visit I think my last visit there was about 6 or 8 months ago and I'm still having the same problem New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood you will be missed.They need to do something about the speed or lack thereof in the drive thru line!   I was in line for more than 20 minutes!   Had there not been someone behind me I would have left.  This is totally unacceptable.This kind of franchise should be located in other cities, where people don't know what New Orleans food should taste like. LOL. I mean it's okay. My thin fried catfish came out cold. Big bummer. I was already sad there was a limited booze menu. I'd come again, it's just a place I wouldn't crave out of the blue.Went with wife and granddaughter,since they wanted a burger. Thought I would tried the highly advertised Fried Eggplant and Fried Green Tomato with Crawfish Sauce, on top of Crab cake.  Bad decision. Really bad. Minuscule amount of Crawfish in sauce, eggplant slices were too thick and had the purple skin on them. At the bottom of this gooey mess was a "crab" cake, only it was so full of bread, the crab meat, if any was not tasted. All in all, in edible. Threw most of it away.This is a great restaurant!  The food is good and there is very little wait time!  You get plenty of good food for your money!The food was very good, and there were some unique combinations.  My daughter and I split the generous size roast beef poboy and loved it.  My husband got "The Southern Thing", a grilled shrimp poboy with fried green tomatoes and coleslaw on it, and a friend got the mushroom burger.  We all loved the food, but the place was too messy.  Tables needed to be cleaned, and there was too much straw paper, spilt food, etc. on the floor.  I will try the place one more time, but if it is still too messy I won't return.  What a shame a place with such great food is not clean.I had the Oyster Heaven. It is basically an oyster po boy, but it is 16.99. Don't waste your money! Way over priced  and wasnt good!The service is fast & our waiter was great. I didn't care for the Catfish Lafitte though. The thin catfish is delicious. You can taste the lemon in the seasoning. Lived the alligator poppers too. My family not so much. The liked the boudin balls though. Nothing special about it but would eat here again.I love the food here, especially the garlic fries!! I don't even mind waiting for forever and a day in the drive thru for some good food. What I dislike about it is that I've been waiting in line for 10 minutes and the young lady at the window hasn't catered to the person in front of me because she's been talking on her cell phone the entire time. I'm all about using your phone during slow times - but when its busy that's so unprofessional. Just because they can't see you through the sliding window, doesn't mean I can't see you through the little side window. Show some freaking professionalism!
**Edit** Back again... I am pretty sure there are no managers here! Why am I constantly being delayed because these people wanna stay glued to their cell phones!? Smh!!I have visited the Clearview location many times because of the location being close to my home and other than the extremely high prices for the food you get and long wait in the drive thru I have been very satisfied. I have had the boudin balls, the alligator poppers, the thin fried catfish, the seafood platter and the burgers.  Everything that I've had in the past has been satisfactory and to my liking; however I had a completely different experience on Friday 07/14/17.  When I visited on 07/14/17 I decided to have the shrimp po boy.  My total bill was $13.16 and there was hardly no shrimp on the bread.  I also asked for it to be dressed with lettuce, tomato, pickles, mayo and ketsup.  When I got home and inspected the sandwich I counted 8 medium fried shrimp on the sandwich with no tomato, 1 pickle, a small amount of ketsup and a very few pieces of shredded lettuce.  This truly has changed my mind about the location and my thoughts about returning there in the future since there are other places that are less expensive and have the same quality of food.The 1st time I went i got the thin fried catfish platter and was very pleased, great price and you get so much! i took a box home & within the next few hours it was gobbled right up...too tasty to resist! The fries were seasoned in this butter garlic seasoning and was so delicious I even got some of the garlic butter on the side to use for my catfish! 
The 2nd time I got the "SIZZLING SHRIMP REMOULADE" salad which is topped with a fried green tomato! oh yum! it was delicious! def not a healthy choice but a delicious one! 
The 3rd time I went, this time down in the french quarter (bc of 2 poor experiences at Gumbo Pot i went right over to my trusty place) and ordered the BAYOU PASTA
(With Fried Shrimp and Crawfish Mushroom Cream Sauce) and it was SO good, my friends had heard me talk abt the thin catfish they all got it and LOVED it! 
This is def my trusty GO-TO place! :) Some say its expensive, but its just the same as applebees, etc...ranges from $8.99+...and you get what you pay for! well worth it!Placing a to go order and was asked a series of ridiculous questions that had nothing to do with the meal I ordered.  First of all, the guy who took the order sounded like he just woke up.  There was literally zero enthusiasm, he may have even dozed off a few times during his ensuing interrogation.  He mumbled things like "What would you like on your hamburger?" and "Would you like cheese on that?".  Took my order home and as I bit into the rubberized, extremely dry, and overcooked burger, I discovered 4 toppings that were not requested during Daron's interrogation.  His lengthy and fixate battery of questions were infatuate with laser precision.  It appeared as though Daron really, really wanted to know what I was hungry for but yet.....  It was wrong!  The order was wrong by a lot.  I don't understand.  I mean, he asked and I answered, I just don't get it.
In closing, I would like to personally thank Daron for mitigating any future curiosity I may hold in regards to whether or not I will dine on NOLA Dryburger from the location on the 800 block of Veterans blvd. ever.
-That is allHad the blackened fish sandwich and it was good.  Had a salad w homemade vinaigrette, it was also good.  The decor screams bland chain.  I recommend bringing guests here who aren't accustomed to Nola.  It's a nice gap filler between the Applebee's eaters and the Nola foodies.  You won't hate yourself afterwards.Recently visited this location. David assisted me and was very nice and patient. I ordered the special, a shrimp po-boy and a cup of gumbo. The gumbo was flavorful with a thick roux. The po-boy was more bread than shrimp but the seasoning was very good. The extra seasoning on the fries was also delicious. The service was good, restaurant was clean.I frequently eat at the veterans location across from Dorignacs. Love the food and service THERE. Had the gumbo and thin catfish 9.99 special. Gumbo was tasteless and lukewarm. Two pieces of fish were warm and one was cold. Although there was no one in line in front of us we waited quite some time to be rung up as employee was ringing something up for another employee. The girl who came to our table was pleasant and attentive. Didn't have time to reorder and eat so left the gumbo and ate the two warm pieces.There was a small wait because of the line (maybe because it's a little before 4 on a Saturday) but we eventually placed our order and the staff was friendly. We had 2 kickoff combs which has thin fried catfish and shrimp (gumbo was the other option for the same price). It also comes with potato wedges covered with a garlic butter sauce which I must add is very tasty. Our food was fresh and nicely fried. I tried the Spicelious batter the other was the original batter. All in all not bad at all for a $9.99 lunch/dinner that is filling and fresh! Will return!One of the worst experiences ive had at a fast food restaurant. The server we got went ahead and threw our plates in the table as if we were dogs. Im sure the food is great but i would avoid this location.We eat at this location regularly. The food is tasty with good portions for what you pay. The servers are nice too. The free ice cream is always great. 
Recommended dishes are fried shrimp poboy, catfish platter, crab cake and eggplant stack, and the sloppy roast beef poboy. The garlic herb fries and onion rings are always excellent. Highly recommend this place for a casual meal.I had The Original New Orleans BBQ Shrimp One-Handed Po boy. It was mouth watering hands down the best Po Boy I had ever had!!! The bread was crisp and stayed like that till the end. Typically a Po Boy will come dressed and open but this one is closed with the shrimp and sauce inside. Highly recommend itGreat place! Cowboy and Rajun Cajun burgers are great! We ordered the crawfish queso and it was the greatest thing I have ever tasted lol 
Realized that the flavor was at the bottom of the dish with the crawfish....... so mix it up and bring the crawfish to the top when you get and u will thank me later lolOk, so we were in the car on our way to the parade for Mardi Gras Friday night and we were all starving. Where could we get something fast to go and also get decent food? New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co. sounded like a good option, so we gave it a shot.
It was good! I was somewhat surprised as I normally am not a fan of drive-thru food joints. But this was actually really good food. It is an actual sit down place inside, so it took a little longer than a regular drive thru because they were actually cooking the food to order. But it was still quite fast. 
I had the Hickory Bacon Cheeseburger- which was huge! And super yummy. My friends got the fried shrimp Po-Boy, which they also enjoyed. 
Overall, this was a great pit stop to grab a good meal to go when you want big portions, good food, and hate McDonald's or other typical fast food chains.Throughly enjoyed our lunch visit. This was my first time here. Walk in, order, get your number, fill your cup and have a seat. We had the shrimp and thin catfish platter and crab and eggplant stack. Both delicious. The lemon butter sauce on the fries made them a bit more appetizing for me. Took the chocolate chip cookie to go. Will definitely be back.Food is always good.  I ordered my food to go. It was shrimp and oyster combo.  It was tasty.  Customer service was great.Odd to order at the counter and be served at the table, but the food was god and huge portions.  Servers are very polite and helpful for those who are unfamiliar with the local food.  The gumbo was good and the Buffalo  shrimp Poboy was awesome.Ok burgersI was very disappointed in my food quality. I didn't enjoy the oysters at all they were horrible. My daughter had hair in her food. Its was disgustingYassss to this place! I got the platter which included fried shrimp, chicken. The french fries were amazing as well. It was well priced and between two people, was more than enough food!Got a 1/2 shrimp 1/2 catfish po'boy and is one of the better ones I've had. 10 bucks seems a little pricey but it included an order of garlic fries which made it worth the money. They must cook to order cause the fries were H-O-T! plus they're thick and cut straight from the potato. The shrimp were fresh too, definitely have to get another...and soon!..not too soon though..I had the Crawfish Queso and the shrimp Poboy. All of my food was salty. I wasn't Impressed.  Customer service was great.Absolute worst customer service ever. I've tried this place over and over again because the food is decent and the butter aioli for the fries is great, but the customer service gets worse each time.Ordered the thin-fried catfish platter at 3:21 pm Saturday, had to go check on my order at 3:52 pm before I got my order. Catfish was warm rather than hot, so it had probably been sitting for a while before I got it. Other than temperature, the food was OK. This is too slow to qualify as 'fast food', however.Went through drive-thru.  Waited 24 minutes for one very mediocre (and very over-priced) $13 fried shrimp po-boy.  There were two cars ahead of me.  The first car (which was already sitting there when I arrived) sat at the pick-up window for at least 15 minutes before the cashier even bothered to collect payment.
Things moved at glacier-like pace.  Product served was passable.  At best.How on earth does this place keep the doors open?  I spent $16.14 for an all American burger and a cup of gumbo today. I timed it I sat in the drive-through for 22 minutes--there was one car in front of me he must've already spent his 20 minutes waiting because he was only there a couple minutes before I was next. I was in the mood for a  good burger and I was also anxious to try their gumbo. The food quality was about what you'd find in an airport restaurant, perhaps even on an airplane. The meat was overcooked I got the impression it was a frozen patty. The bun had a slightly burnt taste to and was so firm it tasted like it was several days old. I don't understand how this place seems to have a following.  Seriously, if I'm going to pay $10 for a cheeseburger, shouldn't it at least be as good as the Wendy's a couple doors down?  The gumbo was even more of a disappointment $4.79 for an 8 ounce Styrofoam cup about 2/3 full. Had those lousy little salad shrimp in it and more okra than shrimp. There was no spoon with it, but fortunately I had a plastic silverware set in the car. What I did not have in the car was a microwave oven. That was truly unfortunate because the gumbo had just barely even been reheated. Perhaps I'm unreasonable but when a restaurant advertises "the best gumbo in the city" (and it's not a tourist trap in the quarter) I at least expect it to be as good as the gumbo Rouses serves daily. Hell I'd settle for gumbo as good as the frozen "Big Easy" brand. Like I said before I cannot imagine how this place keeps the doors open.Waited in the drive through 43 minutes to be exact, for one order. :( once my order came, it was the wrong one,I then asked to just have my money back nicely and I replied with "I'll see." The window girl then mumbled under her breath that I didn't not order that.. anyway; Never again. 
I WILL ADD, AFTER ALL THAT DISAPPOINTMENT... CHEF ASHLEY HANDLED TGE SITUATION TREMENDOUSLY GREAT. For HER I change my 1 star review to 4I've not been to New Orleans Hamburger & Poboy for several years. I have always liked their roast beef poboys  with a side order of potato logs...aka French fries. They are consistently crispy on the outside and tender in the middle. The roast beef poboy has a fairly large amount of beef on it and is well worth the $$. I give a two star rating because I waited in the drive through line for an unreasonable length of time. However, I will say the employee who serviced me at the window was apologetic and courteous. I think management should probably find out where the breakdown is/was and take measures to correct the problem. I will still go back but, there are so many other excellent poboy places in NO that are expedient and delish.So tried this place awhile back and can safely say that we will never go back. From the beginning service seemed a little slow, but I think that is because you have to order before you get to your table. Once we were seated the waiter seemed to be really quick however.  The food though is absolutely horrid. It seemed that there were too extremes, either everything was incredibly salty, or reeked of lemon juice. Literally, none of us that went barely ate anything, it was completely inedible. When we left there was a good 90% of what was brought that was left. Definitely a disappointment!Who'd think a Jewish father and son combo could create a killer fast food establishment.....in New Orleans? On first look, this place looks like just another fast food joint only the prices are higher (and a lot of people bitch about that) but forget that for a minute and think of the you get what you pay for theory. This is a very good fast food place with a great fixins bar with fantastic chili (you'll fill up on this for sure). Never had the burgers here because I usually got the seafood dishes or the salads which are based upon the ones at Houston's for a lot less than you'd pay at Houston's. Seafood is great and you can get broiled options. It's not all fried. Definitely a major step up from McD's or Burger King for sure.Had chosen this establishment due to the wait at Copeland's  and for its namesake. We walked in ordered thin fried catfish, shrimp, and a shrimp po boy with mozzarella cheese sticks as an appetizer. The mozzarella sticks are very good, the olive oil french fries were excellent but the fish and shrimp didn't have much seasoning. I was really impressed with the price and portion size you really get alot of food for the price. The only negative thing is the young lady working the front is not very customer service oriented. Being this was our first time she didnt care to explain that you  order then go sit down and they will bring you your food process. T.J our waiter was pretty efficient. I would give it another try.I like this location better than the one on vets. Friendly staff and the wait is never long. The food is good although I am NOT a fan of the garlic fries. Surprisingly I like their hushpuppies - I'm usually kind of a snob on hushpuppies.
My kids love the kids shrimp basket. I like to think it's because of the shrimp but it's probably because of the free ice cream that comes with it.
Mom notes: booster seats available, waitstaff gives plenty of napkins, several kids meal choices - something for even the pickiest of eaters!We ordered to all American burgers with fries and an extra order of onion rings. The lettuce was wealthy not wealthy wilted and the tomatoes were green, the burgers and cheese could have lubricated 3 vehicles it was so greasy. The same thing with the onion rings. 
After spending nearly $30 I regret going and should have went to McDonald's!I went here on 11/15 and ordered 2 oyster platters.   The cashier said the total was $50.75.  I thought this was pricey but I paid with my debit card.   After finding out I was only getting  a small amount of  seafood I asked for a manager to cancel the order.  Another employee who said he wasn't the manager said he could do this.  He gave me a receipt an said the cancellation was done.  The next day I saw the funds had been withdrawn  from my account.   I don't k how if there is a delay on refunds or if I was scammed.   I do know O am not satisfied with the service.  Beware pay cash only!!I thoroughly enjoyed my gumbo combo dinner! Though i arrived at dinner time the wait for food wasn't long. Both employees that I encountered; one who took my order and another who served my food were polite, professional and helpful.
The gumbo was delicious and so was the thin fried catfish and garlic potatoes. Everything was very filling so I didn't eat my bread. Though I did have a little of their free soft serve ice cream 
Price was very reasonable, especially considering everything that it includedWhenever I get to NOLA, I try to eat here at least once. The service is always prompt and courteous.  The prices are very reasonable. The menu has just enough variety to satisfy just about any taste from salads to sandwiches to po-boys and entrees. Tonight I had one of their burgers with onion rings...perfect.
Highly recommended@I picked up a to go order consisting of a fried shrimp poboy and a side of onion rings. Upon getting home, I noticed my onion rings were sitting in a pool of grease. None of them were edible. They were all soft and extremely greasy with the breading falling off. They were so greasy that grease had run out of the container that they were in. I paid an extra $1.99 to substitute my side for nothing! The shrimp on the poboy looked like popcorn shrimp (note that I ordered the regular fried shrimp poboy). Also, the shrimp wasn't fried crispy like I'm accustomed to. They were softly fried which was another disappointment. I submitted a complaint online and no one has reached out to make this situation right. I've watched this place go downhill over the past few years, and I am now done. I won't be returning.Hubs was craving onion rings and ad the waitress said..these are good! The staff is so so nice,first time dine in,we came at lunch time and they had complimentary soft ice cream.
We both order the cowboy burger,bbq sauce,onion rings, ham and cheddar.  Delicious,a good combination of everything, good meat. The portion as always really generous specially with those amazing and out of this world buttered French fries.
The side onion rings are delicious and a big big portion.Kind of expensive. Especially considering the portion size. The burgers are probably the best you'll find in the city. DEFINITELY better than that overrated fuckhole "Port of Call". 
I ordered the Ragin Cajun Burger. It was pretty good. And I LOVE their garlic fries. Maybe I'm greedy, but I wanted more fries. Definitely felt that they could have added more fries. 
Overall, really good joint. Love the atmosphere and the burgers.  The hot red headed waitress that serves me also added to the experience :-)I ate here yesterday and got a thin-fried catfish poboy and fries. I prefer thin catfish (is that blasphemous?) and I really enjoyed my poboy. The bread was toasted and crispy, but still soft enough that its wasn't laborious to bite through. The catfish had a nice lemon flavor and was crispy, and the wedge fries were covered in garlic butter, which was delicious! I'm taking off one star because the price was a little high. It's a chain and I've gotten equal quality, if not better, poboys in other restaurants for less than the 12 dollars I paid. 
Other than that the service was good and fast and I enjoyed my experience.I've not been to New Orleans Hamburger & Poboy for several years. I have always liked their roast beef poboys  with a side order of potato logs...aka French fries. They are consistently crispy on the outside and tender in the middle. The roast beef poboy has a fairly large amount of beef on it and is well worth the $$. I give a two star rating because I waited in the drive through line for an unreasonable length of time. However, I will say the employee who serviced me at the window was apologetic and courteous. I think management should probably find out where the breakdown is/was and take measures to correct the problem. I will still go back but, there are so many other excellent poboy places in NO that are expedient and delish.Very disappointed with this restaurant. Went before Mardi gras but they still had a Mardi gras limited menu. Burger for $8, soft drink for $3 and a basket of fries for $5. I maybe could have paid that if the food was good but it was actually really bad. Nothing special about the burger. Lettuce, tomato and onion looked less than appealing and the fries were actually soggy and dripping in oil. They were essentially inedible. And they didn't have the yogurt machine operating because of Mardi gras. Overall it was a total disaster and I won't be going back. There's a million great places to eat in New Orleans and I definitely chose poorly.Got take out tonight.  It was ready when promised and the fish was excellent, jumbo shrimp was terrific, fries and hush puppies great. Didn't care for the slaw, but everyone has their own favorite style.  Doesn't claim to be a fancy, gourmet place which makes me a fan.  Will definitely return and try dine-in experience.I just recently left this new restaurant on St. Charles in a hurry. I can't use the word "disappointed" because when a place has a sign as tacky as that and an interior that looks like the child of Popeye's Chicken and Applebees, there is really only so much one can except. I sat down at the bar of this wanna-be "locals" joint and order the charbroiled oysters. Big mistake! Sure there are a million and one places in the city that claim to have "Nawlins" oysters but if you're gonna highlight it on the menu and then put a giant picture of it on the wall, then it probably shouldn't taste like it was cooked on a budget. Don't get me wrong, they weren't awful they were just so-so. Something you'd except from a restaurant in Manhattan named "Bourbon Street". Their redeeming factor: beautifully chilled schooner glasses filled with Abita Amber, but if this is the selling point for you...find a bar!Have dined here numerous times, even last night.
Nice place, lighted private parking lot, good views of streetcars & walkers on historic St. Charles Avenue.
The ordering is at counter, with everything else table-service.  This is a confusing and inefficient system; foods are frequently served late & cold.
There is a separate sweets, coffee, & beignets area, and yet another separate bar area, with tables.  But bartenders have always been extremely inattentive to customers.  
Last night was a comedy of minor ordering & kitchen goofs; but our great server, "Sam", dilligently & cheerfully smoothed things out for our party; and a good time was had.
Kudos to Sam.
Despite all its faults, we seem to keep going back, anyway, hoping for some improvements in service.
This place has GREAT potential !
RickGood service. Good food. We were there on a Thursday night around 8:30PM. I had the crab cake, eggplant stack. Delicious. The popcorn shrimp platter was also very good.The concept was really cool, and the atmosphere laid back. Customer service was great and food was DELICIOUS!Why bother?
You can do better just about anywhere.
Chain restaurant. 
Enough said.Had my moms birthday dinner with 40 people in their downstairs private dining area. The food was delicious, the accommodations were wonderful, and the service was impeccable!!One of my guilty pleasures here in town.  I feel like I shouldn't like New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co but I really do.
It's in no way refined or high class but I'm always served a good full dish of food.  A nice place stacked high full of fried goodness.
I always get the thin fried catfish platter when I go here.  The catfish are very good and surprisingly not dry even though are so thin and deep fried.  The rosemary garlic fries that come wit them are good by themselves.
The boudin balls are a good choice as well to start off with.First of all we loved it soooo much that we ate here twice on our 3 day stay in New Orleans! The nice large oysters on the half shell were so fresh and delicious, the fried shrimp and fried oysters were superb and the beer nice and cold! We tried many different things from the menu including the shrimp poboy, fish with crab meat, egg plan with the crab meat... about the crab meat...it is definitely meaty and not like any others we had ever had where there is more filler than crab so it was worth the extra $ to add on. The service was impeccable both times and we know we now have a great place to go every time we are in NOLA! 
BTW, we ate at other so called NOLA "have to go to restaurants" and were soooo disappointed in those. One ws incredibly pricey and the other one just plain sucked with no flavor and horrible bathrooms! This restaurant was priced fairly and just rocked!!!The fries. Best fries I've ever had. Ever. Wedge cut fries drizzled with melted garlic butter. Amazing.
The shrimp poboy was okay. It was a lot of bread and not a lot of shrimp..I've definitely had better. 
Ice cream is free if you buy a kids meal or a drink from the bar. My husband and I didn't realize that until after we both made ourselves one. Oopsie!
Service was a bit slow but friendly!We have been here a few times, it is a quick and tasty meal with little fan fare.   This time, I had the Breezy Cocktail and  it was great.  A mojito style rum in an Arnold Palmer.  It was very good.I wish I drank more often.   I usually just have apps here, so I had the shrimp with the bleu cheese and  hot sauce over the  raw cabbage.  Easy hunger fix. 
The drink menu looked very interesting.  Have I had more time, I would have drank more, but time constraints did not allow me to get my drink on.   There is a Happy Hour from 3 to 6 PM with 5 dollar specialty cocktails, and 2 dollar schooners.   
The only issue I have with this place, is that it is cold.   Bring a jacket no matter what the weather.  I keep one in my trunk for this very reason.Very disappointing! I use to come here all the time and when I came in here today it was my worst experience so far. Not only did we wait 30 minutes for our food , it was cold! the general manager made excuses about sunday being their busiest day. However the restaurant was not even half full. He did give us a coupon for free entrees next time we come, but I'm giving it to my brother. I'm not coming here again.I normally go here every time I want a delicious rice and beans. Hamburgers are really good too. The atmosphere is like any other bar-restaurant, but the food is great. HINT! Right behind this place (they are connected, actually), there is a coffee shop where they sell my favorite beignets in town. Try them!!I can't vouch for much as I only tried the Chicken Bacon Club Salad, but it was tasty. Nothing out of this world, but I'd eat it again!Ok so I'm a local and I have eaten at their restaurant on Veterans Hwy in Metarie - Oh maybe 100 times over the years. The Thin fried Catfish platter is my absolute favorite meal in the world! Today I went to the St Charles location - they were out of thin fried catfish (how on earth does that happen?)  so I opted for a special of Shrimp Remoulade with Thick fried catfish. The catfish was really good. The Shrimp Remoulade was completely tasteless - just a cold bowl of shrimp textured wet nothing! Seriously didn't even taste like shrimp. Very disappointing. Still loving the catfish though. Just steer clear of the Remoulade. Sorry guys you bombed out completely on that one.Tasty! Food is flavorful, drinks are strong and staff is friendly. What more could you ask for?!In New Orleans for the weekend and our hostess with the mostest decided we should try this place . I always enjoy looking up menus before I actually attend to get a feel for what I want. Having already had a PoBoy here, I def wanted something more Cajun. 
Going to split this review in 2 pieces cause I believe service is equally as important. 
Service was amazing or maybe our waiter was just very charming. His southern charm maybe me feel at home. He made sure our food was on time which is really important with a large group. 
Now to the food. I got the Chargrilled Oysters and a Rajun Cajun sandwich and of course a ice cream cone . The oysters are seasoned very well and oily like I like. The sandwich was good not mind blowing . But that ice cream cone thoughhhhhhhhhh....between us....get two.Food is decent most of the time though found the blackened fish sandwich fishy. The veggie burger is pretty good, hamburgers respectable, though nothing special. Customer service is consistently mediocre - a big detraction, though . And I hate the flies and how noisy it is at the St. Charles location.Get ready Uptown for a little bit a Metry!  What used to be Cannon's is now another of our local staples: The New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co.  But with a twist!  This location has a separate business entered from Milan St that features among other deliciousness: beignets!  Yes, beignets Uptown - FINALLY!  (They also have wifi in the cafe, but I digress.)
Today I had the pleasure of lunch at NOHSC and all in all they totally earned the 4 out of 5 stars.  And if they read this it would've been 5 out of 5 if the portion of my blackened fish po-boy weren't much smaller (30% smaller) than I anticipated, especially for $9.95.  A couple extra french fries couldn't hurt either.  Hey, I know you just opened and you've got a budget, but you want me to come back, right?
The re-invention of the space from the glory years of 4141 then Cannon's and now NOHSC is pretty brilliant.  It's more open.  Brighter, cleaner.  The set-up is self-explanatory and a little nouveau.  Like the other NOHSC you order at the front from one of 2 registers then a key card is scanned that you check in at your table.  I'm guessing this technology is at their other locations, but I hadn't seen it, and it was pretty cool.
The service was grand.  The cashier was helpful and suggestive.  Our "waittress" Caitlin was very nice and attentive.  I quote her job title as the waitstaff don't really wait on you so much as follow-up.  Remember you order at the front and key card indicates where the food is brought.  So Caitlin basically offered to refill drinks, bring a go box, etc.
Timing is everything!  I can't wait to see this space rocki' for Mardi Gras this upcoming Carnival season.  In the mean time, stop in and see what Metry has always embraced and what we Uptown may now nosh!I'm so glad NO Hamburger & Seafood put a location uptown.  It's the perfect location.  The inside was completely redone from when this used to be Cannon's restaurant.  It's fun, prices are what you come to know with this chain, Thin-fried catfish is the best item on the menu, free soft serve ice cream, unlimited refills on drinks, great bar area... and in the morning they have coffee and beignet's next door. (and free Wifi)  Great place for the kids, if I ever need a quick bite to eat... I go here!I would definitely skip this place, and head to the next one. I got a buffalo shrimp po boy, and of all the po boys I've had in New Orleans this was by far the least packed po boy I ve had.  I wish I had taken a picture but I was so hungry I ate the the entire thing in 6 bites. It was tasty, but it was small, and may have had 6 shrimp in it. 
I liked the set up of ordering at the counter and getting the food brought out to...Its clean, and the service is good. But the food is average, super average. I would go to fat harrys down the street over this place.Average spot for touristy selections of food. Great place to stand in line for the bathroom during Mardi Gras. Has sort of a piccadilly vibe regarding service. The food is alright; if you just need a quick bite, they'll hook you up with something deep fried. They do keep the dining room fairly clean. Coffee and beignets are served in the back room. Parking lot on carondelet.Amazing beignets, much better than Cafe Du Monde (theirs are really heavy) these are light and fluffy, hard to stop eatinghtem. the food at the brurger placenext door looks amazing too.Upon entering the location it wasn't very inviting and the staff seemed to feel like it was a burden to take our order. The location was definitely prime with it being right off St. Charles and in the midst of the Rex Mardi Gras parade and in their defense, maybe they were just fed up with the massive amount of drunkards and foolishness that might have been going on outside but still that is no excuse for the poor attitudes. 
The food was overpriced and lacking a pizazz that has come to be associated with New Orleans food and culture. Of course there was a limited menu and it contained only a few items and each tasted worse than the others. The jambalaya was mushy and bland. Yes, it had some spice but that was only hot sauce masking the blandness. 
I would be welcomed to give it a second chance but they would have to really show that the food, atmosphere, and personnel truly represent New Orleans and that good ole' southern hospitality.This is a neat restaurant that makes use of its space very well.  It's open and welcoming and in a great location.  The menu has both seafood and burgers, but apparently the burgers are the thing to go for.  Indeed, the burger I had was quite excellent and the condiment bar is a great way for you to customize your burger to your tastes.  
My complaint about this place though would be that the staff doesn't seem to know much about their own products.  Since it was my first time there, I walked up to the cashier and asked her about the different items and she didn't seem to know what to tell me.  She kept on having to ask her co-worker, and I kind of feel her co-worker was just telling me what I wanted to hear.  I feel particularly duped because I asked if the onion rings were beer battered.  They said yes.  I paid an extra $1.25 to upgrade to onion rings.  Of course, the onion rings were not beer battered, which was what I was expecting.
Other than that minor detail, I had a good experience overall.  Would go back again.This place is okay. Burgers are nothing special but their fries have something going love them.  When I decided to bring my family here during Mardi Gras 2016 I was so hungry! First red flag we went to drive into the parking lot and a man was standing there, which makes sense because it is one block from the parade route.. He then proceeded to tell us the lot was full.. Sitting there in my car I saw 7 EMPTY parking spots so I was so frustrated, I dislike being lied to, you could have just said we aren't using the lot today... Then when we get inside its not extremely busy but not slow either we look at the menu and it says they are only serving certain dishes (burgers) and they don't come with anything else you have to pay for the side of fries not to mention they jacked the prices so high it was about 20 bucks for a burger and fries!! So we proceeded to talk to the manager about the rude parking man... And the managers only response was "He is just tired of everyone asking if they can park there". ARE YOU SERIOUS! The whole thing left a sour taste in my mouth and they will never receive my service again.Five stars. Five full, well-earned stars.
One star for service - yes, you order at the counter, but you have a server that makes sure your drinks are full and your food comes out hot. Everyone (at this location) was friendly, from the sweet ladies at the counter to the adorable girl that helped make sure my drink was full.
One star for cleanliness - you could eat off the floor at this place, and there wasn't a crumb on a single table.
One star for menu selection - everything from po boys to popcorn shrimp to boudin balls, which were by far my favorite.
One star for clean restrooms - thank you SO much for that one.
One star for ambience - yeah, it's not a romantic, overdone place. It's not a dive, either. This is a clean, open, airy place with lots of windows that will be a crowd pleaser for anyone  - save the self-proclaimed food snobs who don't visit chains. And let's face it, who cares what they think? Not Kit. Not one bit.
We stayed at the bed and breakfast next door, and actually visited NOHSC twice - once for dinner after a hard day of touring, and once for a late lunch on our way to the airport. 
The hardest part was saying goodbye, NOHSC. I hope to see you again real soon, and I'm sad you're not next door to my house in Minneapolis.We visited the Uptown location. All-American cheeseburger was delicious, fries were o.k(I'm used to eating fresh-cut fries). My cousin had the Blackened Fish w/Crabmeat Stuffing with Creamy Crawfish Sauce and Big Easy Rice---he said it was very good. The location reminded me of Rice Village.I ordered the Big cheesey burger. It was cooked as specified. All I can say is"yummy". The garlic fries are so good! My husband ordered the catfish po-boy. He loved it. If you happen to be in the area, it is worth a stop.Was dissappointed to see Cannon's was gone but I really enjoyed this place.  The room was huge and the decorating and numerous massive tv's were awesome! the fries with the sauce were by far the best thing I ate but the burgers and thin catfish were good as well.  The only thing that I wasn't impressed with was the lemonade.Been here twice and food is ok but service is terrible. Lots of tables and unhurried, but few, servers. So many better options around. Won't be back.Wow, Wow, oh WOW!!! I've recommended NOH&S to my friends from out of town since 1984 and this evening on Sunday before Memorial day the restroom was dirty and paper towels were empty, I tried to order dessert (Bread Pudding) and was told they were out...I next went to the "Fixins bar" where there were NO plates and very little "Fixins" set out, the SoftServe machine was broken and the other one was taken apart as well. When I received my order the Garlic Fries were cold, I then asked the waitress for some A.1 Steak sauce for my hamburger (a condiment that I have seen on the table since 1984, and this particular store which I frequented since 2010) I was chuckled at by her and told that "I must be confused and gone to another restaurant" Rest assured that of the many dozens of my people I have directed to NOH&S I will be sending them and all others elsewhere in the future!Well, New Orleans Hamburger, it was nice knowing you. The main draw of NOHSC was that it was extremely convenient for large groups. The order-at-the-counter process was perfect. Now that they only do table service, this is not going to be an option for my group anymore. 
The tables are now bolted down so we can't pull tables together anymore. Not good for a large group. The waitress did do separate checks for us, but it seems like it is adding more work unnecessarily, it was better when we could order at the counter.
(I do admit that one of the drawbacks of the counter services was that we couldn't leave a tip on the credit card, I always had to bring cash to leave on the table at the end of the meal. I am sure that was not profitable for the servers. Maybe if they go back to counter service they can program their credit card machine to leave a space for a tip.)
I did enjoy the chargrilled oysters, but since my group won't be meeting here anymore I don't know when I will be back.So while I'm visiting New Orleans I have family members that live out here that took me here because it was right down the street from my hotel room...I had a seafood platter consisting of fried shrimp and thinly cut fried catfish fillets...everything was fresh, delicious, and enjoyable....good stuffIf good fried seafood dishes or big hamburgers are what you crave, this is as good a place as any.  I love the location on St. Charles and it's a great option when I have guests with kids in town because they have good kids menu with good variety and they have soft serve ice cream by the salad bar.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  
Its just alittle heavy for my taste.This place is OK, not great. I think it would be good if you want a place to bring kids as there were lots there. The food is OK, nothing great. I asked about where the burger was from and was told it was from somewhere in Chicago and arrives frozen. For the price I would head to Company Burger which is much better.Very good food and a charming place to eat. Staff is nice and friendly. Also the whole self served drink station is an interesting concept.Three words.....FREE SOFT SERVE!
The burger was great and the cheese fries even better. I went Tuesday at noon and the service was good, food came out within 15 min. I was not a regular at the location in Metairie but went perhaps ever couple of months; I will be a regular at the St. Charles location. Did I mention FREE SOFT SERVE?!
Admittedly, it does not take much to make me happy after the ice cream thing but I am confident the food would also be considered good by the lactose intolerant :)I'm not that excited about this restaurant. I like the voodoo drink, I think that's the name of it. I'm not a big hamburger person. The eggplant is OK.I had a fantastic experience here! The thin fried catfish was excellent. Rachelle was such a helpful and friendly server! She deserves a RAISE. Great atmosphere, food, service, and location. Fried green tomatoes, chargrilled oysters, and roast beef poboy were other highlights. The price is right and the food is delicious!Love coming here for lunch. Good menu selections. My favorite is the thin fried catfish! Great Burgers and awesome salads. The garlic french fries are to die for. The girl at the register (don't know her name) is a hoot.  She's got the perfect personality and could sell you anything!4 stars here, could have been 5 but the service is not very attentative.
I came in here for lunch looking for red beans and rice and the food was good. My friend ordered gumbo and it was good as well. The prices are great as each meal was under $10.
The atmosphere is nice, the area is huge and clean. Nice bar as wellWent yesterday for chicken ceasar salad and childs catfish and the food is prepared with very little care.  Who ever puts together the salads certainly has no experience or just doesnt eat them.  Lettuce seemed low grade.  Prison lettuce has to have higher grade than what aI experienced yesterday.  The catfish didnt look all that good either which is most unfortunate.  I have complained to management before and they offer a free meal for my experience but things just dont improve.  
This place could be so much better.  They should since they call themselves New Orleans Hamburger.Pretty delish. Prices ok.. Not the MoST authentic, but they have free ice cream, so that counts for a star!Now I've been to NO Hamburger & Seafood Co. a few times. The limited menu has always put me off but the vegetarian options are close to none. Literally the veggie burger was the only thing. I don't mind considering nola cuisine and figured it would at least be edible. 
The patty was grossly unseasoned. The veggie patty was soggy and falling apart. ON TOP OF IT ALL was "supposed" to be avocado. I received the veggie burger with the bun on top to HIDE the fact that I had maybe a third of an avocado slice on the patty. The only edible item on the plate was the fries even after trying to drown the patty in ketchup and mayo.
I would much rather go to another restaurant downtown to get a menu with more flavor and more options.It's your standard chain, but the beer is cheap and the salad is great! The steak fries with the buttery garlic goodness are to die for (really why I go), and the chicken club salad is the bomb. Burgers are great too!almost fudruckers for those that have them
ordering is weird.  they have a full sized menu you pick up but you order like fast food.  really uncomfortable ordering style.  I felt rushed.
drinks are a drink bar style where you get what you want.  i put cherries in my soda.  condiments are the same way.  unlimited ice cream too.
took too many people to get a high chair.
food was good.I went back this past Wednesday for beignets and a morning business meeting.  The beignets were AMAZING.  Not too doughy, not too greasy.  Kind of airy, almost fluffy.  The decaf cup I got though was unpleasant.  In all fairness, I am a coffee snob, so my expectations are way high.  
It tasted under extracted and older.  My meeting was at 10.  I should've known from experience they probably don't re-brew their decaf because few order it, so this pot was likely from opening at 630A.  A lifetime ago in retail coffee when we'd re-brew every hour, we'd sometimes not rebrew till ordered because it sells so infrequently.
In summary, skip the decaf, devour the beignets.This place is really cool. I've been to a couple of the other locations with coworkers @ lunch and they are fine but this is my favorite. The others have the feel of a chain, (fair enough) this location feels like a place for locals. Been here a couple of times now, really good sandwiches and pastas but the Shrimp platter is my favoriteWe stopped in during the Sunday lunch hour rush evidently and so waited for 30 minutes for our food.  So be aware if you go in on a Sunday between 12 and 3.  
I had the grilled shrimp caesar; the dressing was really good but the shrimp, although well cooked, were really salty.  E had the blackened fish poboy, which was mahi mahi yesterday.  And his seasoning was totally bland.  
I still miss the original concept of this restaurant. When the one on Clearview opened a million years ago, it had the best salad bar and a bajillion toppings for your burger/poboy.  Oh well.  I guess it wasn't a financially viable way to do business.When I moved to New Orleans in the year 2000, there weren't any fancy pants hamburger joints like there are now, but there was NOHS, which offered you the (somewhat odd) choice of a burger or a local (poboy) sandwich in a fast casual setting.  What I liked about the restaurant at the time, at least the Metairie outlet I frequented, is I recall they had a rather large "fixins" bar, which seems to have vanished.
Nevertheless, they have grown to multiple locations and serve pretty good quality food, rather quickly.  The uptown outlet that I was in, on St. Charles, has a full bar and raw oysters as well.  Mixed drinks were $4.44, it may or must have been happy hour, cause it's been a year or six since drink prices were in that range.  Oysters were cheap as well.
But the item worth going in for, as you'll see in most of the online reviews?  The fries.  Drizzled with garlic / herb butter, flavor and texture is superb, with the potatoes sliced in such a fashion as to retain the flavoring.
A small pool of melted butter sat below the fries.   Dear owners:  please make ramekins of this available as a dipping sauce.  Love to pour it on fried shrimp. I'll pay!The alligator poppers were amazing. Even the presentation was appealing. The barbecue shrimp poboy had a very unique taste. The more I ate it, the more I liked it.Maybe in other cities this place would be great. But in NOLA, this is just Ok.
On a side note, the service and the environment are very good. 
They give you free ice cream cones!!!Sunday happy hour was great! Reasonably priced, good service, even able to split our checks for a party of 9. Enjoyed this place - burgers were good!This place is a great fast casual restaurant that is perfect for large groups. The prices are really cheap and reasonable and the food portions are huge. Not only is the food plentiful, but it's fresh and well-flavored. You order at the counter and then they bring it to you, with soft serve ice cream after. There's a lot of seating in there too, both inside and out.Let's start off with the Good....The food was great. free soft serve ice cream. The shrimp Po boy was delicious.  The Bad... I want to be seated at a table but the hostess insisted on me seating at the bar. So after she ask me the third time I said yes. The Ugly... Sitting at the bar the the bar tender wasn't a good sever. I had to ask for things that was obvious need. I also had to ask for my check as well. I would visit this place again if i am back in town.Very yummy!  We loved the thin sliced fryed catfish. We also tried the gator poppers they were ok, but the Boudain balls were pretty yummy.  The atmosphere was cool. Large restraunt.  Great for families.WOW, A place the entire family, from Grandparents to Grandchildren, enjoyed. We filled the table with what had to have been at least half of their menu and shared and laughed the afternoon away. Amazed at how affordable it all was. Bar for the adults and free soft server for all! Yeah Alligator Poppers and Baked Oysters! ALL THE STAFF WAS GREAT! We ended up here more than once and made one last stop on the way out of town.The hamburger and fries were absolutely DELICIOUS. you order at the front, pay and they bring your food. My only complaint is the high priced drinks that are teeny tiny. But it is New Orleans!Don't bother these poor folks during shift change!!! Or during meeting time. Being ignored and Waiting forever to get an order taken and waiting to get  cold food was just what me my boyfriend and two other parties deserved...smgh!!!!!!!..............Happy early mothers  day Celebration to me. Good job. Yelp would not allow me to post this without at least one star.
I tried to post without any stars...Not sure what has happened with this place but the food quality has gone way down hill. The menu has changed quite a bit over the years. No more jumbo shrimp on the menu :( or Caribbean jack burgers. The  "catfish" I ordered tasted nothing like catfish. It had to have been tilapia or some other white fish. Also, I've been sick ever since I ate it. The service is good but the place just isn't as clean as it was in the past. A flop overall. No longer one of my go-to spots.This was my last meal in New Orleans and it left me full and satisfied. They have an array of seafood options as well as burgers as the name suggests. I had the bayou pasta and it was quite good. 
The atmosphere is airy and bright. The day I was there they opened those wall window thingies and we got a table right by it and it was really a gorgeous day, which made the food taste all the better. High ceilings and one of the walls has a floor to ceiling map of New Orleans, which is pretty cool.
Anyways, you order at the counter which is towards the back of the restaurant (as you walk in from the parking lot it should be right there on the left) and then once you order, they give you a number and you take that with you to your table, put it on the little metal thingy and they'll serve you at your table. 
Service is actually quite good, or at least it was for me, so I would recommend that you have some cash on hand.
A couple things to note, as it is with most restaurants you can always ask for water cups but at new Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co, they give you the same cup as the regular soft drinks, so don't get confused :) 
The gumbo which is called something like 'New Orlean's Best Gumbo' was quite good. 
Good place. 
Honest report, unless I lived in New Orleans, I won't be back.Even though this place is order at the counter and doesn't have much ambience, it has very good food.  Everything I have tried has been very good...better than many more expensive places.  Very traditional, high-fat new orleans style cooking though!  So don't go eating there on days when you're trying to be healthy!  But hey, that 80% of New Orleans.Decent menu decent food decent prices. If I lived here I "reckon" I would eat here once in awhile, but there's nuttin you would be writing home to momma 'bout ... Except maybe the Abita Amber served in a frozen glass! Nice!
Fast casual style. Order at the counter. They bring it to your table. Table service for refills and alcohol orders. So don't forget to tip!We just got in town and we're so hungry. We thought how could you loose with a name like New Orleans h burger and seafood co! $90 later what a miss representation  of nola!!!!! It was terrible! Burgers taste like gross and the catfish taste like mud!!!!!!The wait staff was terrible!#! we would been better off at mcdonald's or burger king's 1$ menu!!  what a rip off! what a nola disappointment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I had to get myself a poboy and this my friends was no small poboy! It was jammed with shrimp, fried green tomatoes, and cold slaw, with a secret sauce and it was amazing! The potato wedges were so large I was only able to eat three! ROrdered at the bar for lunch. I got the oyster poboy which was pricey but the size of the sandwich was a decent amount for the price I paid. Good news the fried oysters tasted fresh but needed some more seasoning. They were also a bit oily for my liking. The garlic fries that came with it was pretty good actually! The most disappointing thing about the sandwich is that it didn't come with the mayo sauce or any sauce at all which made the whole sandwich dry :/ The meal had potential but it just was edible. Maybe if I ordered something else it would have been better but most likely I will not be returning.I ate here again yesterday with my girlfriend.  Food was good.  I question the service.  I walk in and order at a register.  I get my own drink, straw and napkins.  We choose or own table and somebody brought our food to to us.  Then a "waiter" comes to us and says "my name is blah blah blah let me know if you need anything" but never refills or drinks or really does anything.  Every time we needed anything I had to get up and get it myself.  My question is am I suppose to tip this guy for doing basically  nothing?Truly family friendly and there's a large selection of food. Even my picky eaters found something they liked. We had a shrimp poboy, catfish, and gumbo and couldn't decide we which was better. The kids enjoyed hamburgers and chicken and they were equally happy. The fries are amazing! Made room for the bread pudding and it was big enough to share and delicious.  One of our favorite meals on our trip, will definitely do again next time.We've been here multiple times and each time it has been great! The latest time we went was during one of the Mardi Gras parades. We left the parade route for a quick bite to eat and for a bit of rest period. It's located right on St Charles so it was super convenient to get there. Surprisingly, even during the busy Mardi Gras season, we got served and seated pretty quick!
This time, I ordered a Chilli Cheese Deluxe Burger that comes with a side of Garlic Fries. So the burger was great, a nice, sloppy burger that was incredibly flavorsome. A decent size too, I actually kept half of the burger to take home as I couldn't finish it all. It wasn't as hot as I was expecting, but it was still great. The Garlic Fries, omg, they literally coat fries with a coating of garlic buttery sauce. These are great! Incredibly flavorsome and your breath afterwards could slay a vampire. I think these come with a lot of the burgers but double check prior to ordering, they are a must! A great thing about this place is that they offer free ice cream cones also which you can help yourself to. During Mardi Gras night, a bunch of kids were mucking about and broke several of the cones so it was a mess but usually it's maintained. 
Overall, I love this place and the meals here are always satisfying. Definitely try it out!Had a bowl of gumbo, was better than I anticipated. Service was pretty good. The chocolate chip cookie was on point. My dinner companion had the jumbo shrimp platter. The shrimp were huge and plentiful.so my cousin told me that this was a great place to eat & i was down of course... i mean who passed up new orleans seafood ?? 
anyway, the vibe was casual; we waited online to order & i ordered the Taste of New Orleans. 
that came with Catfish, fried shrimp, french fries, and either gumbo or red beans and rice . i picked the Gumbo, i mean i am in nawlins right? 
so almost as soon as i got seated my food came. 
cold of course. the first thing i try is my gumbo. IT TAST LIKE CANNED GUMBO. i had literally NOTHING in my gumbo. no shrimp, no sausage, no chicken, no crab. so i asked the waitress to switch out for red beans and rice .. now i work on my cold fish and shrimp. NO FLAVOR. too much lemon seasoning on my catfish. overall bad. i would not come back ever. ever . NOTHING wowed me.Burgers with some stereotypical NO/Cajun/Creole accents on the menu. I don't get it. I mean, I get it, but it was just...lazy. Nothing was done well. Everything seemed half-assed, from the menu to the service to the decor. Nothing was bad, but the entire experience was a big bundle of mediocrity. Rather pointless.I normally find this place over-priced but I really wanted a salad and only had ten minutes left on my lunch break. I pulled up the door nine months pregnant and craving a spinach, walnut, strawberry salad with poppy seed dressing. I had no idea whether or not they served it but decided to press my luck. I walked in the door and was greeted by a hostess. I am used to other locations that are more order-at-the-counter oriented but the hostess directed me to the to-go pick up window to place my to-go order. I was pleasantly surprised to find the exact salad that I was looking for one the menu. It came with chicken which I didn't really need. Would have liked the option of leaving that off to try and get my meal under $10 but I wasn't quite that lucky. Anyway, I ordered the salad and began the countdown because like I said, I only had 10 minutes. While I waited, I noticed a Yelp quick tip noting FREE SOFT SERVE so I wobbled off of the waiting couch and wandered around the dining room in search of a cone. Found it across the room and munched on free goodness while I waited. I'm not sure exactly how long it took but I was pleased with how quickly the salad came out. Couldn't have been a better scenario since I was actually glad the salad had chicken on it once I got back to the office. Five stars for fulfilling a pregnancy craving in a hurry.Food was exceptional, but the margarita was under par. The restrooms were hideous. I was going to give 3 stars but the drinks and restrooms lost a star for this restaurant.Me and my child decided to go New Orleans hamburger and seafood for dinner. We have never been to this place before and wanted to try it out while we were on vacation. We thought it was a sit down and order restaurant but instead came to find out that you order at the front counter , seat yourself, and then they bring the food to you. I ordered a veggie sandwich w/ fries and my child ordered the roadhouse burger with fries. We got our order number and sat down at a table. Our food came out and my sandwich was alright but my childs food was another story. My kids burger was beyond greasy and salty to where  couldn't even eat it. We told our waiter that they didn't like it but instead of taking it away the waiter just stood there and stared down my kid. He asked if he could get us anything else and when me and my kid said no he just leaned over our table and stared my kid down and would not leave. After at least a minute of him staring us down he finally left the table and never came back. The food was very sub par and overall is was not a good experience.Had an excellent burger (Baja) and fries here today. Service was pleasant and the food was good. Girl taking order kinda rude, but the rest made up for it.I've been to several of these, but this one is my favorite location. It's spacious, very clean, and a great place to hang out with a bunch of friends! You almost forget its fast food...WOW!A much better location than the Vets location. The quality of the food and service is much better but this is still a chain and still a last resort for when you are low on options.Loved this place. Nothing better then going to eat and leaving completely satisfied. Great food, very clean, good location and friendly staff,  cant wait to go back again!!!!Omg the best Po Boy I've had during my stay here! Unfortunately I didn't have the opportunity to to go to Gene's but the shrimpzilla here was off the chain! It's fried shrimp with Swiss cheese, cabbage, roast beef gravy and tomatoes on French bread.I was lowkey disappointed with the catfish and shrimp platter we received. The garlic fries were delicious but the catfish lacked more flavor.This was our first restaurant that we stopped at while visiting New Orleans. It seemed like a bustling place in the French quarter and we stopped in based off the menu posted outside. The staff seemed to have an attitude that they could care less if we came or not. 
We ordered the chicken & sausage jambalaya and a catfish po boy. I would have liked to try the fried oyster po boy but the market price was too high for how hungry I was. The jambalaya was amazing. The catfish was just so so. I wish I would have ordered something else. Guests sitting next to us said that the burgers were amazing. 
Overall, I wouldn't come back. I have a feeling there are a lot more places with more soul and better food in this area of the city. For the higher price, it wasn't really worth it.Just stopped in for a beer. We didn't try any food so that's the only reason why I gave it a 4. This is just an average bar/restaurant.Stopped in on the walk home from House of Blues. Great table available on the balcony to enjoy one of the first cool evenings this month. We had the thin fried catfish tower and the daily special buffalo shrimp poboy. Both were fantastic. The catfish is fried to perfection. Will definitely be back.I LOVE this place! I've been on 4 NOLA trips and I eaten here 3 of those times! I'm pretty sure I get the ragin Cajun chicken sandwich every time. I love the outside seating too.Of course this is a tourist trap right in the French Quarter. 
They have really nice AC and fun seating for people watching along the main shoppimg sidewalk in the area.  Get a window seat!
I ordered the cheese burger and fries. I needed a good basic meal. 
 The burger was very cheesy!  You could see the cheese stringing when you took a bite! It was awesome!
The fries were smothered in a garlic butter and had some for dipping.  It would have been excellent on food had the portion been a little better. I left pretty hungry still.  
Now for the bad... The service was horrible.  The server was slow, lethargic, inattentive, and generally seemed annoyed. Wish we had sat upstairs.
It would have been an easy 4 or 5 had service been existent. Unfortunately, we will probably not risk it on the next trip.This location is not worth the money.  Does not honor the same pricing as the other local New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood, and the prices are way to pricey for their small portioned food and vague menu.  Taking advantage of the tourist seems to be their specialty.  Spend a lot less money and a short ride outside the french quarter, and you will find not only a nicer franchise, but better pricing, and better service.  Other than this location, the rest of the same restaurants in the area are much better.  If you are looking for a decent meal at a decent price, and want to stay in the french quarter, go one block over to St. Louis St. and go to Johnny's Po-boys.  You will wait in line, but well worth it !!!My personal experience would rate a '0' star. However, we will look past that and average the rating over the total of our group as a 2-star.  If I had known this establishment was part of a larger 'semi-chain', then I would not have stopped here to eat.
We chose to dine here for a late lunch; as we did during our visit to NO's French Quarter, to avoid the tourist lunch crowds.  We were seated promptly upstairs, and quickly forgotten.  Service was sparse. We had to press the waitresses for each step of service: tableware, water, appetizers, ordering, refills...  To add insult to this poor level of service, they added the mandatory 18% gratuity for a group larger than six persons.
In general, the presentation of the food was okay and the portions were normal (with the exception of my order).  The flavors were not bold and lacked freshness. My son and I both ordered a poboy sandwich. Both came served in a 10-inch section of yesterdays french bread. His was a sliced through and filled generously. Mine was an end piece sliced half-way and filled only half way. The line cook didn't even give me a full sandwich. It took us over ten minutes to get a waitress to address the error. She said she would tell the manager, and it took another ten minutes for him to come to the table. He did provide a full sandwich (which we took to-go), but it took another fifteen minutes to receive that box.  The manager offered to provide drinks, but we only asked for more water while we waited.  It took the waitress another five minutes to bring a pitcher of water.  AND THEN... because it was raining, their credit card machine would not connect to the phone line and they kept telling me that it was 'declined' instead of admitting that the phone line would not connect.
Did I mention about the mandatory 18% gratuity?
Pass on this place like a day-old fish.We mostly picked this place because it had balcony seating with a view of the ferry and waterfront area, perfect for people watching, but ended up having a really great lunch. I had a shrimp po'boy with some kind of slaw on it, very tasty and fresh. The star was their garlic potato wedges, though - I was afraid they'd be soggy when they came out, as fat as the pieces were, but they were crispy on the outside yet fluffy on the inside, just perfect. I had a frozen cocktail that was very tasty, strong but refreshing. My dining partner enjoyed her meal just as well. Would definitely go back again.My party and I came ten minutes before closing and the employee were not happy to see us. half the party insisted that we ate there because they were hungry me and my road dog said let's go someplace else. whereas our money spends anywhere but we lost out and we ate there. let me tell you the red beans rice and sausage are off the chain the hamburger was nothing to write home about I could have fixed that in my grill at home but oh my God it's worth dealing with the poor customer service just to get that red beans and rice...Very tasty food but what is the point of ordering an appetizer only to have it be brought out by the left hand and their right hand holding your entree? 
The waitress never checked on us, she was MIA the whole time. It's that situation where you hurry up and ask for the check because you don't know when she'll be back!
The boudin balls were like a battered and fried looking hush puppy. We thought they were good. The thin fried catfish was super good and the garlic fries were sinfully delicious! We sat on the balcony only to be serenaded by loud motorcycles burning off and loud screeching ambulances and cars. If you come here, I suggest sitting inside.It was poring rain so our group of twelve friends took shelter in the Decatur Street restaurant New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood. It was lucky for us that it happened to be Happy Hour (3 - 6) and oysters were $8 a dozen. We ordered three dozen and they were fresh and mighty tasty. We washed them down with beers and a "44" which is their version of a Hurricane.  We checked Yelp to see what others had suggested and the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding kept coming up. We asked the bartender, Steven, if it was good and he couldn't stop raving about it. We ordered one to share and it was by far the best dessert we had in town. 
We were so impressed with the quality of food that we went back the next day for Happy Hour at 5 and stayed until they were closing. We had a table out on the balcony which turned out to be a fantastic place to people watch. We ordered the thin fried catfish and Bayou Pasta among other things. Both were something I'll wish I could get when we get back home. Alas, they had run out of bread pudding.  Have to give a shout out to our exceptional waiter, Ron. A really nice man who enlightened us on a few things about New Orleans, drinks and the menu. We were there such a long time, the manager Tino, came up a couple of times to make sure we were having a good time and enjoying our meal and drinks. He impressed us with his sincerity and genuinely wanted our time there to be enjoyable.Sometime simple is the best. After a long day this is a nice spot to grab a simple no nonsense meal. Great burgers with tons of options. Try the "44" it's a bit of a gimmick drink but it has 4 ounces of dark and light rum and 4 juices make it sweet to start but not a bad cool down option.I hate to be negative here, but I wanted to love this place and couldn't do it. We came here late on a Tuesday night. Mid week you would expect they would not be busy, but they were. Chalk it up to the summer tourist crowd. I was one of those tourists. 
My husband just had to have gumbo. (Which he liked btw) Since we were late getting into town, we figured that this place would not rush us. They didn't. The waitress was great. She had to ask us to move to accommodate a group and checked in with us regularly to make sure the food was good. 
I got a shrimp poor boy. I think my expectations were too high. The bread was lofty and super crusty, but not like toasted. I did not want to smash it down because it was making a huge mess just with the minimal handling I was doing checking it out.  I ended up eating everything but the bread. I think the bread is supposed to enhance the poor boy, but this bread fell flat for me. 
We also had boudin balls which I highly recommend. I can't tell you if they were that good or I was just that hungry though. I've never eaten them before so I have nothing to compare them against. 
I was also surprised that they were out of Abita on draft. It was the middle of the week and Abita is a Louisiana beer. So, what the heck? I had a NOLA something or another and it was okay. Nothing memorable here. 
My only memorable thing to say is that I won't be back. I'll arrive at a decent time in town to have dinner at the place of my choosing next time. That's my resolve after dining here.The food was incredible and the service outstanding!  I would recommend this place to anyone!  Reasonable prices as well!I Had some alligator poppers and an all American Burger. The alligator was really, good, it does not taste like chicken, it is better!. And the hamburger could easily be the best burger I've ever had. I dunno about the rest of the menu, but if it is half as good as the two things I had is worth a visit.Food was good. We walked right in, no wait. I wouldn't go here again. Not in this city. Nothing special. My friends were too drunk to walk where I want per to eat at.We had a party of five which included two kids.  Our food was prepared quickly and best of all, it was delicious.  The restaurant was small but we wanted a yummy taste of New Orleans food.  That is just what we got.I came in here with four other women for dinner. 
I ordered a burger, medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. My burger came with grilled onions, bacon and cheese. I opted for no cheese but the onions and bacon were delicious and not too overpowering for the hamburger meat. 
What I really loved about this place was the French fries. I'm not normally a fan of wedge cut, because I'm all about that crispy surface area, but these were GOOD. They were fresh, hot and garlicky. They had a great balance in definitely having a garlic flavor, but not so much that it's overpowering and bitter. 
The woman next to me ordered the strawberry salad and it was incredible. The strawberry sliced were large and generous. The pine nut dressing was creative and complimented the salad well. 
We ordered bread pudding for the table. It was definitely some of the best we've had on our trip (6 others so far!) and even came with vanilla ice cream. 
Our waiter was very kind. He seemed a little new or rusty, but he worked hard to make everything perfect for us.I had a vicious craving for some oysters, and didn't want to break the bank - this place fit the bill. From 3-6 They have half price raw oysters, 7 bucks for 14 of em! maybe the best deal in the quarter. However... it took me about 45 minutes to get them, and the place was nearly empty. Plenty of staff just roaming around, not helping to poor bartender shuck oysters. She was working on two plates of oysters - but that's still a minute and a half per oyster! I came back later and got a burger in about ten minutes which helped us make a show, so it's not all bad.First time here ... service  was fast and the food was ok... Tour guide recommend this place neat little place mostly  seafoodEverything was great! Hamburgers are awesome!! Catfish was great. The fries are excellent. Alligator was tasty. Also, service was good. I'm glad we came hereAl was behind the bar and was so personable, wonderful, and funny, he made my visit there. Great Bloody Mary and grilled chicken salad. I came in because I was way past hungry and just needed to eat something quick, and ended up staying and chatting way too long XD lovely place with great peopleI was recommended to come here because the food was delicious and it was. I ordered a catfish lafitte and it was delicious. I practically scraped the plate. The crawfish queso was also delicious. It should definitely be on everyone's list when coming to the French Quarter.Great service from out waitress,,,,good beer prices,,,boudin balls were awesome !! The one handed bbq shrimp po boy was a dissapointment. Raw shrimp,,,not fried,,,unusual taste,,,only had 2 bites for $15 :( the home style fries that came with it were good though.Chicken fingers basket because they ran out of grilled chicken! I could have passed. Chicken strips were cold, but the garlic fries more than made up for it! The best fries EVER! Big Zac drink was loaded with alcohol and worth the 10 dollar price for a plastic cup. Small bar at the front, wooden stools, chairs, and tables. It's kinda small but the location is in the heart of the Quarter. Great for people watching!The food was so good! I ordered a little of everything. So for starters we had the boudin balls and half a dozen oysters which were so delicious I had to go back the next day. For entrees my husband had the thing cut catfish po boy and I have to cat fish and jumbo shrimp meal both came with the garlic fries and everything was very tasty. For dessert we shared a bread pudding and left nothing in the bowl. We try to stop by every time we're in the city and after the meal we had this time it's a tradition that will continue.We always eat here when we visit New Orleans.  The Triple Sampler is delicious.  So is the Fried Oyster Salad.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get here.  And don't forget the "44".Stopped in here for a beer and apps, and this place didn't disappoint. Cold beer, friendly bartender, INCREDIBLE crawfish queso (order it!), and nice atmosphere that had great air conditioning on a hot, hot day! Great experience!Great spot for a touristy meal with a view! We are here and The Royal by far this restaurant was the better of the two. The burgers are juicy and there is huge variety of options. The grilled shrimp Caesar was tangy and tasty just like it should while the shrimp was juicy sweet. Solid drinks and friendly service. We were pleasantly surprised by this lunch.My husband and I went on a day trip to NOLA for our anniversary and stopped here for lunch. I had their "Famous thin fried catfish" and my husband had a BBQ bacon burger. We were both very pleased with our food and the service! If I had one negative, it would be the smell in the single restroom... but it is downtown New Orleans. I would definitely recommend the restaurant and eat there again!The fact that this place is called New Orleans seafood is a joke. The thin fried catfish isn't really catfish as so much a thin layer of bland fried skin. The fries were alright, but considering there's a lot of other better seafood places in New Orleans (especially for the price) there's really no reason to come here.Top Story: Check out my review.
Great new location for NOHSC. The balcony is a wonderful place to enjoy 2-2-2 oysters and all that jazz.
It's no secret that I am a fan of the chain. I would suggest an oyster poboy and fries on ANY day of the week. Overlooking the beautiful downtown area while enjoying food is the way to live. Call me crazy, I am so in LOVE with the food here.Yummy 44Rum drink! Stopped in while waiting for our dinner riverboat cruise to begin! Friendly atmosphere and good service, with blues in the background... try it y'all !Went on two sep occassions to get the Natchez' exceptional Captain Villier some dinner for his long hours on the boat.  
1.  The PEOPLE ROCK!  Bartender Steven, thanks so much for your help!
2.  The 44 will set you straight.
3.  So will the Pineapple Rum cocktail.
4.  Even on a hot day there's still a nice breeze coming into this corner dive.  The vibe is fantastic!
5.  The Mushroom Swiss (add bacon) and steak fries are apparently the cage's rage!  No complaints from the Cap'n.  =)
Enjoy!When my wife wants a hamburger, in the French Quarter, this is where we go. Definitely some decent food and a decent price. I usually get a shrimp poppy and am not disappointed. The garlic fries are also very good.Came here as my first stop in New Orleans with some friends. Just off the plane and checked in our hotel we were hungry. While the spot was fairly empty from middle of the day we figured how bad could it be. I can only speak to one dish, cuz we all ordered the same thing, the shrimp Zilla Po Boy. The po-boy itself was pretty good with a fairly good amount of fried shrimp and it was nice and saucy. It also came with a garlic butter a french fry which was in which style and terrific. Drinks were decent prices were decent as well although the po boy was about $16 and still a little on the expensive side for my taste. Would eat again.Ate at the French Quarter location off Decatur.  Service was good.  Food was nothing to complain about. We had boudin balls, a cup of gumbo, the All American burger, and the Roadhouse burger. Burgers weren't handmade or ground in-house but were accurately cooked to temp which, in my experience, is somewhat uncommon. Boudin was a little mushy on the inside; expected a some firmness from the sausage. Gumbo was OK (the rice was appropriately firm) but nothing to brag about and included small, once-frozen shrimp.  Wedge fries topped with a parmesan and herb butter were excellent.  Wouldn't recommend but wouldn't hesitate to return.The oysters were fresh and among the best I've ever had. The thin fried catfish was delicious, and the garlic herb fries were tasty too. I really enjoyed the food here even though it did seem a bit touristy.Great food! We had the crawfish queso, gumbo, and boudin balls. All were really good, gumbo rice was a little crunchy, but otherwise fine. Service was fast and friendly. Recommend sitting up on the balcony!My first food visit here was disappointing. I gave this place a 2nd chance on their food and I'm glad I did. It went really well. This 4 Star review rating is specifically about the taste and quality of the food, not the price or the drinks. Don't get me started on the price until I've had a few drinks.
THIN FRIED CATFISH PLATTER
Served with Garlic Herb Fries and Mardi Gras Slaw 13.99
Thin Fried Catfish: just great, great, great, with a hint of lemon.
Mardi Gras Slaw: very tasty, but small. I needed a 2nd order so I got one.
Garlic Herb Fries: They're good. I wouldn't pile it on past that.
I plan on trying the burgers soon.Shrimpzilla  poboy  with extra gravy and garlic fries are a MUST!  OM NOM NOM!!   Great service.  Clean atmosphere.  I am not easy to please at any restaurant.  This was a pleasant surprise.   I'll be back.Wonderful food, strong drinks and great service. Had a large party and Renard took excellent care of us. Great personality and attention to detail. Nothing like as wrong in a group of 12Service was on par.  The 44 is a potent drink if you're looking for a Hurricane alternative.  On a corner so there's lots of people - watching from the window.  Food was good.  We had the boudin balls, alligator poppers and fried catfish.Showed up with a group of 10 for a late Sunday lunch 1:30. We were promptly seated and the service was great. The grilled oysters were some of the best in NOLA. My Ragin Cajun burger was great. ThanksAfter the tour guide recommended this place for the catfish platter, so we went to check it out since we were all hungry and figure what the hell.  The catfish was good, really good, but the cup of gumbo was disgusting, that I puked it up...ruined the whole day.Stopped in for lunch.
Got the 44 drink.  Tasty, little pricey but it has lots of liquor in it.
I got the shrimpzilla poboy, pretty good.  Nice flavor.
Love their fries.  They are potatoe wedges but they are sssoooo good.
Solid place for foodThis place gets two stars based solely on the garlic fries.  They were quite delicious.  They were also the only redeeming part of my experience here.  The service was just awful.  We had to beg our waitress for napkins and silverware and never got refills on any of our drinks.  Plus the beer was flat.  Maybe we just went on a bad night but we absolutely won't be going back.Not a completely fair review as we only ordered apps, but the crawfish queso, gator poppers, fried shrimp, and boudin were all very good. Place was clean and service was good!The food and service was Great. Server brought a sample of the soup which was delicious. Great place for people watching lunch and dinner.Great little joint off Decatur St in the French Quarter.  I wanted a shrimp Po Boy and ended up going for something different - a bbq shrimp po boy!  It was soooo good.  And as a bonus it is also stuffed with beef drippings.  Which sounds like a heart attack in a sandwich, but I don't care.  I'll just do some extra steps on the ol' Fit Bit.  After a long morning walking down the river and shopping, it was the perfect stop to refuel before heading back to the hotel for a quick nap and a night on Bourbon Street.  I love Decatur street because it's a little more artsy, shops, and less "crazy" than Bourbon Street.Food was so good.  The thin catfish was very very good.  Loved the shrimp and oysters.  My favorite was the crawfish queso though.  The pasta was just ok.  I wanted to try the chargrilled oysters but went to the French quarter location and that wasn't available.  There was a wait just to order but we sat at the bar and had drinks.  I'd definitely return.Fried catfish was excellent; very good coleslaw too! Fast, friendly lunchtime service. I'll be back.I came to NOLA sometime mid-March as a last minute 'detour' to my trip, and I had so many regrets because I simply did not have the money to really enjoy everything this area had to offer. This restaurant was definitely one of them.
My friend took me to this spot on one of the last days before I left Louisiana, and man. She talked about the food here and I only wish we were able to get a full meal than be 'in-and-out' as we were.
Our friend ordered the Catfish Lafitte, which was fried catfish covered with a crawfish mushroom sauce and Jambalaya on the side. We ordered an extra side of Jambalaya since we were splitting the meal. This dish was a bit on the expensive side (16.99), but not uncommon since it's a tourist area, but man, I understood every reason why it was priced the way it was.
That. Had to have been the best fried catfish I've ever had in my life. Even better than what I remember of my dad's. I've always usually turned away from most fried foods because it'd be too heavy with oil and the taste of the actual food would be ruined-- but the texture of the fried batter was perfect, it had a nice little crisp to it, not too soft or soggy, not too crunchy. The crawfish mushroom sauce was the best. If it wasn't so long ago, I'd really go into detail about how good it was. I do remember wishing there was a little bit more sauce on it, though. The Jambalaya was good as well, though I don't have much to say about it since I was so focused on the catfish. Maaaaaaan...
Our waiter was pretty nice and I'm glad he wasn't pushy or anything, like some workers in tourist districts tend to be sometimes. He was very pleasant to speak to.
I'm hoping I'll be back sometime next year, and I'll definitely be prepared to really indulge on the food culture in NOLA, especially with a full 3-4 course meal at this place. I'll be back for more of that catfish... (and trying to figure out the recipe in the meantime)Everything is delicious from the turtle soup to the catfish and oyster and allagator YUMMYHad the roast beef po-boy and my sons had the All American cheeseburger. The roast beef needed more flavor and definitely could use more spices considering this is Cajun Country. My sons order the all-American hamburger and I have to admit they were kind of greasy. Overall just an average experience I'm sure there are probably better restaurants for the money.Really friendly staff and the food was worth the 15 minute wait. Ordered the house signature drink called "the 44 ", 4 different rums. Delicious and deadly.Slooowwwwww service. Really slow. Server forgot silverware until well after food was served. Then she disappeared. 
That said - the sampler we shared was pretty good. The thin slices catfish was really good, hot and tasty. The boudin balls were ok, they weren't hot - seems like they may have been sitting around a bit before being served.
Place is kid friendly if your kid has lots of patience. 
Been done eating for 15 minutes, still waiting for bill.It started well until the guy at the bar (short with short dark hair) took our order while blowing his nose and rubbing the cold sores in his facial hair. Absolutely disgusting. Won't be back until they get rid of him and give the place a scrub.Great choice of food on the menu. My hubby & I both ordered burgers. The patties are huge. Thicker than the average burger. Great taste! Would definitely eat here again!This place was right next to the hotel we were staying in. Since we had gotten to the hotel a little early, we decided to pop in for lunch until our room was ready. We also had crawfish queso and chips for our appetizer. The dip was really good. We ate too much of that and couldn't finish our entrees! For our main course, we both ordered the thin fried catfish. The fish was crispy and not over-breaded. We shared an order of garlic herb fries. They were very good (and I'm not a big fan of garlic). My wife considered getting the fries again later in the week as just a snack.Absolutely must get an oyster poboy and fries from here anytime I'm in the city. Best around!Great catfish! Thin & Crispy! Burgers are delicious as well! Food is reasonably priced and well worth the wait!I got food poisoning from something. I think the gator poppers or something in the gumbo may not have been cooked thoroughly. Blew my expectations for the place. Only thing good about it was their drink, the "44." It saved them a from one star in my opinion.This place is great for a quick bite to eat and the staff were super friendly.  The location was right on Decatur and right across from Jax. My cousin and I just got to Nola and this was a first meal after checking into our hotel. We shared the fried platter which had fried catfish, Fried Alligator poppers, and Boudin Balls.  Wow, the catfish was thinly sliced and breaded to perfection.  My fist Alligator anything and it was a real treat! What can I say it tastes just like chicken! We wanted something fresh after our long flight and got a shrimp salad, but it was not that great because the lettuce was wilted and not in good quality. However, the shrimp was seasoned and grilled to perfection. 
Tip: Dont order salad at some of these joints because, well, I just dont think people order salads here when there are so much other good food to eat. Therefore, the salad itself is not as fresh. 
Overall, the food was good, not extravagant but good for a quick bite to eat. 
LKMy chicken burger was excellent. My friends Jambalaya  not so much. But the service was very friendly and the food was reasonably priced. The upstairs balcony had a great view of Decatur st.This place is good..... Server is nice and very accommodating..... I love their bayou fried shrimp with crawfish pasta...
Triple Sampler is also excellent +++++
The place are clean, set-up is ok..... A little bit pricey.....This was great.  It was our first stop in town while we were waiting for our hotel room to be ready.  The alligator poppers were a fantastic snack, and the red beans and rice were delicious.  The Bloody Mary was also refreshing after a long morning of traveling.Stopped in on our last day in NOLA for lunch. Hubby and I both had the catfish poboy. The catfish was wonderful!!! I loved how thin and crispy it was! The only thing that would have made it better would have been some coleslaw or something on the sandwich to cut through all of the dry ingredients. I did add mayo and hot sauce to mine but coleslaw would have taken this from 4 stars to 5. Shay took care of us and she was probably the best server that we had in the French quarter area. She had personality, and was friendly and smiling the whole time which was a nice change from other places where all of the servers seem to hate their lives. I did have to ask for refills once but that's extremely minor in my opinion. The place was also very clean which was also a nice change from all the dirty, grimy dive bars on bourbon. Overall a good experience!Super food, reasonable prices.  You want jerry as your waiter.  He gave us (party of 6 w kids) some of the best service we have experienced ever.   Everything we ordered was on point, with great flavor and seasoning and without the heat that would cause the kids to run screaming.  The alligator appetizers took alligator to a whole new level for us.  The main entres all had very healthy portions with reasonable prices and all tasted amazing. This is my family's new go to stop for every single time we go to New Orleans now.My cousin said that her and her husband had been trying to eat here for years, but it is always packed. We showed up right when they opened. Our server, Renard, was so awesome and attentive. I had the Shrimpzilla poboy and it was amazing. I was hesitant because it had cabbage on it, but it was wonderful. All of the ingredients complimented each other. Everyone in my party loved their food. We are so happy we stopped b in here. We will definitely be back.The restaurant is family friendly. We stopped by by accident and very hungry. The food is average. The best gumbo is the not the best in town. Oysters were not as fresh as expected. Hopefully, everyone will not be ill tomorrow.A big group of us came here for dinner last night. Our waiter Al was so friendly and helpful, and especially accommodating to a large group of 8. The food was decent - the gumbo and shrimp po boy were good but not the best I've had in New Orleans. A nice environment to socialize but would not come back here for the food.The shrimpzilla had delicious fresh bread but only 12 medium size shrimp, I recommend Johnnys po-boy instead, but the french fries were delicious. If you want to eat at NO Hamburger and Seafood, take the streetcar to the St Charles location. We did enjoy the music while we waited.Great little place to stop for a bite. Although I'm not a "big bread" sandwich fan, the shrimpzilla po-boy was a good choice. Good taste and adequate size. But, the fries were a huge hit for me. 
I think the highlight of the visit was the friendly staff. This can make or break a restaurant.Great food. Fast service.  Will definitely come again.  The service was fast and efficient.  I never had thin catfish.  Omg it was a party in my mouth.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.Just finished eating there, food was very good.While walking out heard someone said "I'm gonna knock your fucking head off". I turned around and it was a group of employees from the restaurant cursing and threating a young man while he was walking away.... That's not the thing I came down here for. This make me think twice in coming to the French Quarter.Service here was fast and friendly. I ordered the Oysters Blue-Diana and they were great. I would recommend this place to all my friends.