Best Pizza period. Love the staff and the beer is always cold and the taps are always maintained. If you want fresh beer and a slice it's only 5 bucks.You've got a lotta nerve calling your place New York Pizza. First and foremost, the very worst pizza I've ever had in New York is a million times better than anything to ever be produced by this poor excuse of a pizza place. New York Pizza, PLEASE! What you make can barely be called pizza, period. And for all of you people giving more stars, I don't know what they are paying you, but I hope it is a lot. And it you are not being paid, PLEASE, get out more, and go some place good, cause this ain't it.Not the best pizza in New Orleans, but good enough. The cans of tomato paste at every table made me skeptical about how the final product would turn out, but I was pleased with the outcomeAlmost $4 for a slice of pizza??
I went to NY Pizza after a Mardi Gras parade last week. (Price gouge much?) The woman at the counter presented us with two options for individual slices: pepperoni and spinach. We asked why we couldn't see any green on top of the spinach pizza and she told us "The spinach is under the crust" (spoiler alert: there was no spinach!). The service was prompt, despite them being busy, and we paid and left. Within ten steps of leaving the front door, the cheese on the "spinach" slice slid off the bread and fell to the ground. Granted, I think this is probably in part due to the pizza-holder, but cheese should never slide off a pizza that easily. What a waste of $4. I won't be back.So my cat Dr. Tinkles had the yowls and I just had to get out of the house for a spell. Walking the streets of uptown it began to rain and I soon found myself seeking refuge in the confines of one New York Pizza (in New Orleans! Don't these folks know how we southerners feel about carpet bagging types?!)
Anyway, I forgave the cultural transgression the moment the lively bar staff opened their arms to me. I believe one was named Iggy and I immediately took to her as she obviously cared for cats as well, she talked about hers quite a bit and even sang a ditty about him (though I must confess I think naming your cat simply "pussy" is a bit of a copout).
The other waitstaff were a calming influence as well (even though some sported "ink" which I personally find to be of low class, but some of their crudely doodled images did make me giggle and a pregnant employee gave one heck of a backrub).
Enough about the service (a mix of moxie, puckishness, and downright questionability) how was the food? I ordered something called a pizza pie with pepperoni. It was a circular dough based concoction with red sauce, cheese, and discs of the aforementioned meat topping. And it was tasty. Flaky, buttery crust. Cheesy, chewy goodness and the pepperoni? Don't take my word for it but I think this combination could really catch on with the go go kids of today!
In addition they plied with me seven different beers on draft (all good save for something called tin roof which tasted like, well, a tin roof), five well poured jack Daniels, a complimentary car bomb, and several "mystery shots" one of which I think contained Spanish fly.
Six hours, and several disastrous rounds of "shake a shake" later, I left well fed, well tended, and danced out. Good food, great times and leftovers for Dr. Tinkles.
Addendum: The leftover pizza pie caused Dr. Tinkles to stop his yowling (and pretty much all other biological functions. RIP Dr. Tinkles)Yes yes yes, I will review this place once i've actually eaten here! 
But, I just wanted to say that it's not the greatest place to grab a slice for takeout. Although there are tables and chairs outside on the sidewalk (nice touch), it's more of a sit-down place. There is a bar to chill out and have a beer while you wait, but since it was packed we didn't want to stand awkwardly next to a table and wait for a slice to come out. 
Interior is nice. I appreciate how clean and well-kept it looks.
I think the fact that this place is busy means it must be doing something right. However, the wait staff we talked to was very awkward, not helpful, and made me want to run out of there. So, I did.Good food and good prices.  Decent draft selection.  Salads were fresh and tasty.  Pizza obviously used good ingredients, but it didn't grab me as being superb.  Not a bad place to catch a slice.  Staff were friendly.We fell victim to the "SECRET CLOSE".  That's where the server closes their station, usually unbeknownst to the management.
After checking the sign just to be sure they were open (till 10), we walked in with 45 min to spare.  
A large table was finishing up and there were no other patrons in the dining room.
The lone server asked if we were making an order for take out or dining in.  When we said dining in, she informed us that they were closing and that we could still eat, but in the bar.
I even mentioned "Funny, because your sign says you're open till 10" and got a blank stare reeking of "who gives a sh*t"
Sad thing is the bar had no table seating and the bar was full.  The only place you could sit was a lunch counter that faces the wall...the black, blank wall.
Anyway, if I'd wanted to eat at a bar, I would've gone to a bar.
And if you want to close earlier, just adjust the time.
If you don't want to work that late, find a job where you don't have to.
Continued down the street to that place where the sell pizzas by the "Slice"...pretty good stuff there, and open later and accepting guests right until the last second.I had awesome service at this spot. They had a great wine deal on Wednesday and delicious pizza. Caitlin was my server/bartender and she was adorable! Will definitely be back. Popped into the Bronx bar next door too, and the music was bangin. Was thinking about going to ms maes but I felt way more at home at this place. A little uptown gem.I love the pizza at New York Pizza, and I like the fact that you can order the pizza by the slice.  I had been missing that option for a while, as I'm very used to getting pizza by the slices back home, since I can't eat a whole pizza on my own, and I'm usually running off to do something.  Although it can be a wait sometimes, when you are ordering a whole pie, the pizza here is one of my favorites in the city.  It's also nice that I have a place to go for a super late night eat.
But aside from the pizza, since there are many reviews on the pizza.  I want to focus on the other dishes that are available now.  From thursday to sunday, New York Pizza offers an alternative menu for lunch and dinner.  The alternative menu features traditional Italian entrees (e.g., parmesan, marsala, pepperonata, piccante) your option of chicken or veal that comes with a salad, fresh made al dente pasta, and 2 slices of garlic and italian herb bread. The portion is large, usually 3 pounded pieces of chicken/veal, and you can easily share the dish with another person.  I highly recommend the parmesan and the marsala dishes, however, I did not like the piccante (capers are not really my thing), and I have yet to try the pepperonata.
I cannot neglect some of the appetizers, you can order an AWESOME French onion soup, and yummy eggplant parmesan.
I would like to say that I often think of the French onion soup at New York Pizza now, and it is the biggest draw for me to go there between thursday and sunday.  The onions, you can tell, have been slow cooked on a low heat and caramelized to perfection, and the broth (vegetable) is so flavorful.  The bread is tender in the savoury tasting broth, and there is a generous, but perfect amount of melted cheese on top.  When I was eating it, I was just having fun scooping up the soup, bread, onions, and twirling the hot melted cheese around my spoon.  Writing this is making me want to go get some right now.
The breading on the eggplant parmesan and the entree parmesan are the same, and I definitely love it.  Usually, I don't eat eggplant, but in this form, it was very good.  It was fresh, the breading was fresh and crisp, again with a mix of italian herbs, and it was not overly greasy, like you would find in other places.
What is this that I've also heard recently and got to try?  The chef added chicken fingers for children that also comes with a salad, the breading is the same that is used for the parmesan, and let me say, it was fresh and delicious.  You could switch out some slices of chicken fingers for mozzarella sticks, whatever your kids, or maybe yourself would like.
I think I'll hit up New York Pizza again some time this weekend. Whether for pizza or pasta, it's all good.I finally visited New York Pizza twice recently and the pizza was good. Pretty fresh, hand tossed yummy simple pizza. It was good and I liked the crust.  The service is great, friendly staff which I enjoyed maybe more than pizza so I will go back again.This place is great. All the bartenders are always friendly. Prices aren't NY but they aren't NO. They are open late which is a blessing in UPT. I can't complain about their slice either. Plus if you're a disheartened giants fan this is a good place to catch a game.Let me start by saying the pizza is amazing and very close to new york authenticity. The pint and slice deal is da-shiz-night. Prices on alcohol and food are very affordable and the slice size is filling; in fact, one slice can be considered a meal. Caitlin was my server and was very sweet and accommodating. There are great specials every night. Highly recommendI have only been here late at night. (They stay open late on weekdays!)
I have only ordered the $5 pint and slice. (Bargain!)
I have only been served by fantastic bartenders. (!!)
Those three things deserve four stars in my humble opinion.....I guess I'm easy to please.  
It's the perfect low-key joint for a midnight snack.I took my family to NY pizza last night. We were the only table in the restaurant on a Friday night. The service was terrible. Our waiter obviously hated his job and could care less about taking care of customers. We ordered a spinach dip for an appetizer and it took over 20 min for it to arrive. The pizza that we ordered was nothing to be excited about and last night will be the last time we visit this restaurant. Management should wake up and make some changes. If you want to be disappointed... Visit this placeI visit New Orleans often coming from New York and I can proudly say that their pizza is legit!!! You can't get any better with the prices and deals they offer. Extra kudos to the fully stocked bar and wonderful service in both the bar and restaurant.Pizza is DELICIOUS - greasy in all the right ways! crust is good too. I generally just get the cheese because it doesn't need any more toppings in my opinion. The bartenders are friendly and the vibe is laid back. They also offer delivery!LOVE THIS PIE. Homemade sauce is BOSS. They shred their own cheese, and they make their own dough. In a world of sysco products I feel comfort knowing that NYP still takes the time to make things from scratch. LOCAL GEM!!!!! & they have a huge TV.Matthias told me this place served food and beer that works within the confines of the Gracie Diet. I believe him, regardless of what these bro scientists tell me. If you like good pizza, definitely eat here. If you like beer, drink here. If you talk about how your job is repairing air conditioners, and like interrupting me and my fellow black belts, definitely don't eat or drink here. Ask what happened to the last dweeb who came here talkin that nonsense. 
SPOILER WARNING
He paid the iron price.This review was a long time coming, but 6.30 AM pizza cravings (yes, there are days like this) gave me a nudge.  One must know, firstly, that there is a beer and a slice special for five bucks.  Can't beat that.  I usually get wine (which is over-priced, but good selection and amply poured).  The toppings choices are pretty much anything under the sun, and the crust is just right.
  On one visit, the bartender Tierney was apologetic about how long it was taking to bring my order - frankly i didn't notice.  The kitchen gave me a free second slice (i would have ordered one anyways).  
   What really stood out-all that aside- was the flair with which Miss Tierney handled her bar, the phone orders, and tables.  Add that to some well-wishers who came in to congratulate her on a newly-revealed pregnancy.  Some other employees have trouble enough doing just one of those tasks (but i like them just the same).  
   All in all, when i find meself working uptown this is a perfect excuse to unwind, watch some Jeopardy with enthusiastic others, and have some satisfying slices.I wandered in off the street for a slice thinking that any place that calls itself "New York Pizza" must be capable of, a) producing reasonably good pizza and b) bringing a slice out quickly. 
Wow was I mistaken about B. Some of the worst service imaginable was rendered despite the fact that at least 6 people seem to work there at all times. The chef was a lonely pimple faced teenager trying to do way more than could be expected of him. 
They were telling people on the phone to wait a up to 2 hours. All this while the staff to patron ratio was at least one to one.
The pizza was passable, somewhere near the middle of the New York pizza spectrum on terms of quality. 
In short only eat here if you don't care at all to service, because the employees sure don't. Every request is seen as an afront to their busy day of staring into space. 
I look forward to this place changing hands again soon.Despite the name this place doesn't come close to any of the NYC pizzerias I've tried. Of course not many cities have pies of the quality served in NYC-problem is they don't come close to the other top local places either. To be positive it's not bad pizza just nothing special. Somewhat disinterested service at the bar the one time I went even though the place was empty. I'll give it another at some point-maybe.A two star pizzeria in New York doesn't sell garlic knots and makes you wait too long for reheated slices if cheese pizza.  A three star will at least give you slices from a fresh pie after a wait.Here's a rundown of our first, only, and last experience...
We ordered pizza for delivery at 5:30 and the person taking my order said it would arrive in an hour. Well, an hour later a pizza arrived but unfortunately it was not our pizza. The driver called and ours was still at the restaurant. He said he would go and bring it back. An hour later we still had no pizza so we called and the response was that they had burned our original pizza and they were just putting another one in the oven and that they could offer us that pizza for 50% off. Needless to say we just canceled the pizza. So, we have no clue if it's good or not but the service absolutely needs improvement.Very disappointed. I love New York style pizza but this place fell short. Although the menu features a large selection of dishes, from Calzones to Lasagna, our server told us to stay away from everything except Pizza and we would have to order whole pizzas only. There was only one other table yet our 4 pizzas took almost an hour. The toppings were good but the crust was tasteless and the pizza was wet. Our server started off nice but became visibly frustrated and obviously upset when we asked her to split our check 4 ways. She told us it would take a long time and that the computer "freezes" when she tries to split checks. Nobody working there, Bartender included seemed happy. They all made us feel as if we were not really wanted there. We all, 9 of us will not return.Haven't been here in years, since we moved from New Orleans. I still miss it. Both NOLA and New York Pizza.
It looks like New York Pizza has moved down Magazine a few blocks to Napoleon.
We used to live about three or four blocks away on Valmont and loved their thin-crust pizza and salad with cucumbers. I can get a good imitation of thin-crust pizza from our favorite joint in Asheville, Nona Mia (the thin-crust style I like is actually called the Bronx and costs just $9), but we've tried to duplicate the dressing on the salad but can't quite do it.
Will stop in again next time we're Uptown. And while we're at it get some fresh-shucked oysters and a shrimp po-boy at Casamento's. God, I miss New Orleans.
--Lan SluderOverall, really disappointing. There was a rag and empty container sitting on our table the whole time. We got the spinach pizza and our friends got the Big Apple and a Calzone. The crust on the Big Apple was black and our pizza was undercooked. It looked like a Red Baron pizza but about 5 times the price and not nearly as good. Service was friendly but pretty absent. The five in our group will not be coming back. 
If you want stellar pizza in the New Orleans area, drive out to Metairie for That's Amore. Insanely delicious Chicago stuffed pizza and the best service possible.It's hard to give a pizza place 1 star, but this was floating with grease, it wasn't very good at all and I felt sick after eating it.  We ordered this and a cesar salad, which was just okay.  The dressing was more oil-vinaigrette than cream based, so depending on how you like your cesar salads, I can go either way.  
We ordered our pizza and salad to go after a long day of sightseeing.  This place was chosen because it was close to our hotel.  We got a pepperoni and garlic pizza.  Very little garlic, bland pepperoni.  If I had known it was be this tasteless, I would have ordered Pizza Hut.  For the price, it should be better.In a city where food is supreme, this was the only place in town where one could get a decent thin crust pizza. I'm from Chicago, where pizza is king so I'm picky. Nu Awlunz has the best of so many different types of food but they cannot do pizza good, very dismaying (esp with a historical Sicilian presence!) NY Pizza is a nice surprise: good crust, generous toppings and a sauce that tastes GOOD, not like ketchup. They really should expand; NOLA needs good pizza!Way overpriced
Too long of a wait
Barely delivers
Closes early 
Pizza is mediocre at bestGood pizza, service, atmosphere, and $5 slice and pint is a great deal.  I'm a fan.This isn't your typical take out pizza, but it isn't that artisanal type either. It's thin, slightly toasted, cheesy, greasy perfection. Novio and I sat down once for lunch and ordered the Bronx, meaning ALL the toppings, we ate the whole thing. Now we've made it a point to order for pick up late on friday nights in order to curb that late night hunger and we always eat the entire pizza. He loves their sausage whileI prefer standard pepperoni so we order half and half. It's cheap and good. Their service is a bit slow but they get the job done. Lots of parking, the lot next door is free (although not technically legal to park there and I am definitely NOT suggesting you park there to pick up your pizza *wink wink*). Their Bar is a chill place to hang out too.One of the coolest little bars. The restaurant side was closed when I arrived, but went into the bar side and the full kitchen was still open.. Pizza was bomb, and atmosphere really felt like an old NYC bar.. will def return.Meh. Not the NY pizza I remember back in 2007 at the old magazine street location on the corner of Dufossat. We sat in and ordered wings as well as a whole pepperoni and Italian sausage pizza. I'm gonna keep this review short and simple. Don't order the wings they are Tyson-like buffalo wings and you can get a bag cheaper at your nearest Rouses or Walmart. I swear they taste exactly like the tyson anytizer wings. The best thing on the wing plate was the ranch dip. The pizza was slightly better than okay but definitely not what it used to be. As far as the service, our waitress was nice but she reached over our wings to place the pizza on the stand when she could've went on the side of either of us. I think I may give it another try before I totally write them off.If they a chance to put no stars...I would have!!!!! I went there to take my 5 year old son to the bathroom last night during the parades...they said that I had to buy something to use the bathroom.  I told her that I didn't have any money and I left and went down the block to a coffee shop and the young lady there let us use the bathrooms no questions asked. I returned today with a credit card in my hand and asked the lady what I had to purchase to use the bathrooms today, she said "cash only" hmmmm...I told my husband about this and he said that they gladly took his credit card a few minutes ago to purchase a very greasy 35.00 pizza at the same side of New York pizza(of course the mean girl behind the make-shift counter told me that there's no way he could've paid with a credit card there that he would've had to go to the bar area to pay with a credit card) I asked for the owner and the mean girl said that she's somewhere on the parade route in front of the business...I asked "what's her name?" She said "happy Mardi Gras" as if to say this conversation is over.  Well, it wasn't over for me...I went out to look for "her" and didn't know what she looked like or anything...so I proceeded to the bar area and there was a very nice young lady who heard my whole story and actually walked me out to the "owner" herself and I shared my dilemma with her and she really could care less...but after stressing that I was "mad" she finally kind of caved in and said that we could use there port-a-let. But did assure me that there was no more toilet paper....and she would not purchase any in the near future(in not so many words). The pizza was greasy and pretty good but the mean girl ruined it for me!!!!!   THE ENDSlow and expensive.  It really shouldn't take 20 minutes to get a slice of pizza.  There are better alternatives on magazine street.Extremely bland and ordinary, and slow. Crust was preformed frozen, with gummy mozzarella and the Parmesan was the stale and tasteless packaged variety in shakers. Tomato sauce was nearly without tomato flavor. Really only deserves 1/4 star but yelp doesn't give that option. Sad pizza in a city famous for its food.I fail to see how they claim to deliver when they never answer the phone. I've tried multiple times to order from them. I guess the don't want the business.Hmmm... I've ordered pizza from here several times. I also recently found out that they deliver! That's always a plus. I think this pizza is pretty good. I like the ambience of this place... especially the bar with the TV. They also have a cool arcade game in there. I played it a few times to kill time when I was waiting on a to-go order. 
It's fun. It's chill. It's cool. Good pizza. I'll be back.Great late night place! $5 for a pint of beer and a slice of pizza (made to order)!! It Don't get better than that in Nola. Definitely will be back!Decent food. Very friendly staff although this one guy was REALLY loud. It was annoying because there's a severe echo in there. He had his wife/girlfriend in there with their 2 kids. It felt very unprofessional. But the guy was really nice so I figured I'd let it slide. It's pretty small in here so not a lot of seating but it's cozy. One thing you should know is that you will smell like food when you leave this place.Pizza is o-k, just ok..
Lunch service was not good. Had to ask for what I needed and didn't get checked on for drink refills till I was done eating.
Nah wouldn't return.Pizza by the slice, awesome salads with house made dressing, and fresh hand tossed pizza made to order. Pint and slice deal for $5 is the way to go.I called just a little bit ago to order a simple cheese and pepperoni pizza delivered to my apartment. Having a wine night with my room mate we were excited to splurge and eat pizza for our cheat day! After an hour and 15 mins of waiting, I decided to call and received no answer?? One min later we got a phone call from the NY pizza saying that they could not deliver to our apartment which is only 10-15 minutes away from the location. We initially thought it was a joke because they should have told us this when we gave them our address for the delivery. The girl said she lost our number and said "we could still make the pizza and send it?" Im sorry but what?? You should have already realized your mistake and sent the delivery man out, Not one hour later tell me they could still do it. I then asked if i could speak with a manager and she said her manager was out of town and that nobody was left in charge?? I asked for her name, and she refused to give it to me!!!! I am not sure how other pizza places run their business but this place was a complete mess. As we are originally from New York we were excited to try this pizza and share with fellow new yorkers to check it out! But that will never be happening. Embarrassing service. Go back to college. DISLIKE!!!!!!!!!!Last night I had a couple slices of their mushroom pizza and I was really happy that it was a legit mushroom lover's pizza and didn't just have a couple random mushrooms like most places. If you can't actually taste mushrooms, what's the point?!Being from New York I was very excited when I drove past New York Pizza, thinking I might finally be able to get NY pizza in New Orleans. When I did end up going in there late night for a slice it took a while maybe 15 minute which I thought was weird for one slice and only five people at the bar. The pizza was good-thin crust but it definitely doesn't compare to NY pizza other then the crust being thin. I went back several times, the pepperoni is good and you can get a plain cheese pizza for pretty cheap.  I guess I just need to accept that if i want NY pizza i need to go to new york. Overall I'd rate it my third favorite place to get pizza in NOLA.Claims to be "New York" pizza.... I hate this place. The bartender was rude and the pizza was cardboard. Don't go here.Came here late at night when couldn't find any other place to eat. Their cheese pizza was so amazing, I still feel the flavor in my mouth. The crust was crispy and delicious. Next time I'm in NOLA, I'll go here again for sure!Would have given one star but the staff was friendly, although they were having completely inappropriate conversation at the bar where I was sitting.  The pizza is the greasiest pizza I've ever encountered. Crust is thin like it should be but, it tastes like cardboard. Practically no sauce on the pie so, I can't tell you how sauce even tasted. Over all, terrible pizza. Best pizza in town is Brooklyn Pizza in Metry, worth the drive.Shared a medium cheese pizza (I believe 14 inch) with my friend (we both can eat!) and it was just the perfect amount of food and for only $14. There were 8 decently sized slices, that's $1.75/slice if you think about it ;) 
Very very good! It's thin crust but not that thin crust that's incredibly difficult to tear with your front teeth or the kind that's so brittle it breaks up into crumbly pieces when trying to eat it. It was still soft yet had a crunch...hard to explain, but delightful! 
The only negative I have about it was it was a little too oily/greasy for my liking. Had to pat with some napkins. But if you want a great simple inexpensive takeout pizza, definitely go to this place!I hate when I read a 5-star review for a place that has an average of 3 stars and the review starts like this: "I can't believe this place has such negative reviews!!!"
That being said, I can't believe this place has such negative reviews!!! (sorry)
I ate here for the first time last night and had no complaints. I've never ordered delivery from them or been in when it was busy so I can't speak to that. The service was great, they kept checking on me to see if I needed anything. When I'd finish a glass of wine they'd notice and ask if I wanted another.
The pizza was the best I've had in NOLA, honestly. I got the Queens pizza so it was a "white" pizza, with olive oil instead of tomato sauce. The crust was so thin and crispy! I asked for a side of tomato sauce to dip the crust in and the tomato sauce was awesome...so sweet and good.
I've only been to New York once and I don't remember if I had pizza or not so I can't tell you if NYP is authentically New York, but whatever it is I loved it. It was casual, too. I love how us New Orleanians take our food seriously, but sometimes I feel like every place is a tad too upscale for me. Like, I couldn't just walk in wearing sweatshirt and some sweatpants. Sometimes it's nice to be able to do that...here I didn't feel like that would be an issue. I'm not saying it's a dive, but it's just a tad more laid back than other pizza places close by. To me, that's a plus.
This will be my go-to pizza joint from now on.We were told it would take 35 minutes for delivery - it took an hour and 10 min. When we called to ask about where the pizzas were the woman on the phone rudely told us they were under staffed and  backed up. The pizzas finally arrived and one was raw and one was burned. Because there are way better pizza places in town we won't be eating at New York Pizza again.Overall it's just average.  Waitress is off in her own world.  The pizza was very greasy.  Service sucks!  Ordered Root Bear, got Coke!  Glad I came before the rush...Absolutely love this hip little dive bar/ pizza diner. Yes, it lit-erally has both with a door between them such that the diner/pizza parlor can close at a standard pizza joint time and open yet keep the bar w pizza slices or whole pies going, plus there's tons of take out/ Übereats/ Waitr/ etc and I know WHY! The Pizza Is A-Ma-Zing! Like, feel like ya back home in da City, good. Loke the cat that opened dis here place actually came ova from the mutha land an all dat, stayed up in NYC for some generations den headed for some warmer weather, where else would one go but to One of the only Three Cities in America... New Orleans, baby! And the location is spot ON! Magazine St. right off Napoleon Ave.  It's close enough to the universities up the street car and close to the medical centers, right off a major New Orleans Mardi Gras parade route, quick walk to St Charles Ave. Street Car line, and short street car trot to downtown and the French Quarter. But, if you live around this Prytania St/ Magazine St./ Napoleon Ave. - Garden District, or are planning a visit, (try staying in the area), must have weekly. Their pizza and a pint special is the best deal in town! $5. One cold pint of tap beer and One Huge slice of their delich pizza. That's a wrap for me as my meal of the day! Best bartender pizza server and pizza cooks around. Hands down. If you're in there on a Wednesday, look for "EDB" sitting at the bar enjoying his pizza and a pint. Tell 'em "Super Jenn" sent ya. Ciao!Please don't eat here ! You gonna waste your money ! They have only the name of "pizza"'... it's was so .... bad .... I ve been waiting like 20 min to have that .... I don't know what it was ... A big disaster ....Woodchuck while awaiting a slice w/pepperoni, Italian sausage & pineapples! The crust was just the right combo of crispy & chewy. The toppings were fresh and flavorful. I'll definitely get another slice here soon.
By the way, the bar on the other half of this pizza spot is really cool and the staff is quite nice. Outside seating too!The pizza is bad.  I love pizza especially when drinking so I stopped by here on my way to Ms. Mae's. I was very disappointed. I never thought it was possible to make pizza I would turn down when drinking but New York Pizza proved me wrong.  I will not return.Great slice of pizza to end the night. Pepperoni slice and a draft beer for $5. Friendly waitress and good bar scene. Great people watching too.i was being really nice last time I wrote my review. I cannot stand this pizza. I can't eat it. SOMEONE wanted New York Pizza so I ordered it, picked it up and brought it home. My friend seemed to like it, but it was so dry and there was practically no tomato sauce on it. I had to go to Rouses, buy pizza sauce and dip it to enjoy it. I don't like the cheese and the fact that I had to add on to it to make it taste better drove the cost of the pizza up. I spent over $20 on a pizza I did not like. If they ever re-do their pizzas I'll come back, but I won't until then. I've given this place several chances but I just have to admit that I don't like it. I'll keep going back to the dough bowl.Food was excellent but the bartender was alone and having to run around with no support from other employees. It wasn't quite New York style but it was close considering it's New Orleans.We visited the new location close to Napoleon tonight.  The new place (+) is much better than the old one.  It is nicely decorated, clean, and spacious, all completely opposite from the old place.  
Fifteen beers on tap, good selection, and served very cold (+).  No fountain soft drinks, just cans and bottles, thus no refills (-).  
Ordered two slices and the Snooie bread.  The bread is a muffaletta toasted with Swiss, mozzarella, tomatoes, and oregano, very good (+).  I'm still unimpressed with the pizza (-).  Definitely not New York style.  Sauce had a strange sweet taste.  The slices were definitely not fresh.  They just don't compare with SLICE on St. Charles. 
The service was slow (-).  The menu even warned "Please be patient, a quality pizza requires extra cooking time.  But, I think I discovered why the service is slow.  The cook brought out the food to the bar throughout our visit (one hour?), the entire time with a cell phone on his ear.  It was very distracting and explains why the service is so slow...Original location further up Magazine st. produced a much better pizza. Now that they are at the corner of Napoleon and Magazine, the service and product has gone way downhill. Mediocre greasy pizza at an exuberant price.I'm looking for a good basic take out pizza here in New Orleans.  Went into New York Pizza to try a slice. I talked to Susan who owns it with her husband.  Very friendly, very nice person who assured me I had found what I was looking for. I like confidence in your product. Gave me a good feeling, ya know? 
While waiting she gave me some other tips on places, being new to NOLA,  I appreciated it. 
Got a slice of sausage and mushroom.  It was to go. Don't like the paper plate with tin foil on top as the to go box. That being said..  
THE FOOD: 
Never had a pizza in New York,  so don't know if their version is accurate,  but it was quite tasty. 
Crust on outside was nice and thin and crunchy, not burnt. The bottom was extremely thin and I can see why they have to fold these things. ..no structural integrity. Being from Chicago,  I'm used to my slice being able to support the toppings. 
Sausage was plentiful and had great flavor. Mushrooms were tiny slices spread over the slice. The cheese was a thin layer, tasted ok and  gets a little greasy pool with the sausage grease going. Some people don't like that, I do. 
Overall, I'll be back. It was good.
FYI.. they have a neat little setup in the walk in area. A few tables, a small bar. Susan said they open up the big side with 4 TV'S for football and other stuff when needed. Their beer prices are lower than most, and they have a five dollar pint plus a slice special. 
The pizza I'd give 3 stars, the friendly service and beer prices rounded up a star.This pizza is awesome.  For people who  know good pizza!
crispy crust, tons of cheese, zesty, galicky sauce.  Always has been one of the best pizza options in New Orleans!The pizza at this place is terrible. I've been coming here on and off for five years because I live across  the street, but we were just charged $32 for a single large cheese pizza. Look, I get that Muses just ended. I get that you're one of the only places open late. But this is a huge ripoff. The pizza is bad.Came here with my girlfriend a few weeks back and couldn't believe how authentic it was. The beer was cold and the pizza folded just like the ones I used to get in Williamsburg. I would recommended the pepperoni pizza with a pint of abita amber.. Because I'm more of an indie kind if guy.Like the rest of the reviews say the pizza here is nothing special even though I do like the this NYC style crust. You cant beat the $5 for beer and slice of three meat pizza though.I have been here a few times.The pizza here was average. The customer service was pretty good though. I would like to give this place a better review, but the food was not that great.$5 for a pint and a slice is one of the best deals in the city!!!  I would rank them higher except they have recently been inconsistent with their closing times.  This used to always be my go to place for some late night food but of late they have been closing much earlier so it is hard to judge when they may or may not be serving later at night.  They do tasty pizza, lasagna, and everything else I've had has been very good.  Not my favorite pizza in the area but at $5 for a pint and slice you are losing money if you don't eat your slice!!!This place is just not worth it. Overpriced, greasy and small slices are nothing like NYC pies...don't waste your money...go to Theo's down the street.Really like this pizza. First bite is meh, but it gets better the more y eat it. The sauce is great and the service was awesome. Can't wait to go backThe bar side of NY Pizza (technically Bronx Bar) is awesome. It's my favorite low-key hangout. Pint and a slice is always $5--and we're talking high quality pizza, not some greasy reheated slice of cheese. They make the best bloody mary's. Bartenders are amazing, sweet, and happy to get you whatever you need. They've introduced me to several new excellent drinks! Food is great, drinks are great, but it's the ladies behind the counter that keep me coming back.This place IS as good as it gets, it's no fancy eatery, it's a dang good pizza place, you can get a whole pie or by the slice, the slices are actually made to order! They start with a cheese pizza, add your toppings and bake it again (or for the first time, I didn't ask) and when you get it it is out-of-the-oven hot with cheese spilling over the edges in bubbly, crispy glory! The pizza was some of the most delicious I've had and the topping selection was great, it took my a while to figure out just what I wanted, my mind was racing with the possibilities. We also got a great deal, a slice and a beer for practically what a slice alone costs, and who doesn't like beer with their pizza, right?
The food was fantastic and all but the women running the bar, Sue, she's a gem! We practically had to re-think our trip's various plans and reservations after we got the inside scoop from Sue, she told us what we needed to hear with regards to tourist traps, authentic restaurants and good things to do and see throughout the city. She was such a treat to have a conversation with. 
I also want to wish her well and hope she is okay after the terrible events in Boston as we saw her the day before her and her husband (both veteran marathoners, 50+ of the races for Sue if I remember correctly and a couple iron mans) left for Boston to take part in their second Boston Marathon. I am confident she is okay but I'm still wishing her well. Thanks so much for the hospitality Sue and after 30years New York Pizza still rocks!Some of the best bar staff in NOLA. Drinks are cheap and the food is solid for a pizza joint + dive bar.I had a really great time at this place. This was my first time going (January 30th, 2010). The waitress recognized the friends I was with and brought them their usual beers. She was super friendly and quick. My friends pointed out some other employees and said they weren't very nice, but our waitress was great. 
We got snooie bread and it was AMAZING. The four of us got two medium pizzas, both with split toppings. The snooie bread took an unexpected amount of time to come, but we were chatting away so I didn't really notice. I didn't keep track of how long the pizza took but it didn't seem to take any longer than any other pizza place that's not fast food.
I wouldn't necessarily call the pizza "New York" pizza because it was quite crispy, but it was still delicious. The slices aren't overly large and the price is quite affordable. I really loved this pizza place and can't wait to go back the next time I visit New Orleans.So we tried New York Pizza because we already had Theo's and wanted to give this place a chance.  The interior wasn't all that appealing for dining-in, so we ordered a pizza with buffalo wings to-go.  
We had the Big Apple pizza.  It's like a supreme pizza with pepperoni, canadian bacon, peppers, olives and whatever.  Pizza wasn't my favorite.  It took about 25 minutes to prepare which suggests (and I believe it) that their pies are made to order...definite plus.  Toppings, cheese and sauce we alright.  Major drawback for me was how greasy the pizza was.  I kind of like a down and dirty greasy pizza, but this tipped the scale.  I'd rate the whole pie as a 2/5.
Wings were pretty decent.  No sauce to speak of, but they were cooked well and had a nice seasoning.  I prefer a wet wing layered in some sauce.  Still, I liked the wings more than the pizza.
Limited service experience because it was just take out, but the lady behind the counter was nice and kept me updated on the progress of my pizza. No complaints about the service.
Overall, I won't repeat.Expensive and awful. Two other friends and I went here, there was only one other person there with their child. We waited about 40 minutes to get our food. We got 1 16" pizza, 1 meatball sandwich, 1 salad, 1 tea. $40
The pizza was lackluster at best, no where near as great as we've heard it to be. The meatball sandwich was just awful, the meatballs were not made fresh. The salad was a joke by far. a small plate and a handful of lettuce.
Avoid this place, you can spend less money and get more food with quicker service elsewhere.Legit New York style pizza. Lots of fresh toppings to choose from. Always great service!My roommate and I went to this place three days ago, and we couldn't believe how terrible the service and the food was. First of all, the waitress (who was the cashier as well) had no idea about serving at all (misunderstanding the orders, bad explanation about the plates). When we received our orders (we had to wait 30 min for two pizzas and there were four people in the whole restaurant including us) I can say for certain that it was the worst pizza we ever had.
The pizza was very greasy, meatballs were cold in the middle, the crust was hard on the edges, extremely thin towards the center and doughy. The tomato sauce looked orange because of the excessive oil, it didn't have not even a trace of oregano or basil in the flavor.
I am not picky at all about food, actually this my first review for a restaurant, but I can't let this one pass. Frozen pizza from Walmart would better and cheaper compared to what New York Pizza servesThere once was a New York Pizza Kitchen,
Pizza, they be fixin'.
With Veronica and Ticker bein' the main vixens,
They alone make this place bitchin'.
Shake, shake you cannot win,
To forget the wings is a sin.
You can ask for a tonic and gin, 
But you're better off with PBR.
If there was one thing this place is lacking,
It's a coffee maker, let's get it cracking.
Don't yell for beer, you'll get a smacking,
Sit at the bar, they'll keep you laughing.