Awesome blue cheese dirty martini, amazing Louisiana oysters, great buffalo sliders and great hand cooked chips. Enjoyed the visit and the jazz music was very pleasant. Ambience is lovely would totally go back again.Great, home cooked meal. Had the lasagna. The truffle pasta chips are what will bring me back though! So delish!!!! Great service and a fun atmosphere.Best oysters I've ever had, hands down. Excellent service and great happy hour selection. Definitely recommend!!I came in for happy hour 4-7pm, I ordered the lobster-shrimp tacos & the 50 cent Louisiana Oysters. The Louisiana Oysters surprisingly were pretty large in size & they tasted really fresh. It was great service, the waiters were all very attentive. Unfortunately, they did not have the fresh fruit tart desert, so I was extremely disappointed that there were no other good options for desert.We really enjoyed this place. Good atmosphere, great staff, and delicious drinks & tapas. We had the scallops, chicken spring rolls, and charcuterie board. All fantastic!Went here on the spur of the moment after looking at the menu on yelp. My friends didn't want to stay so I ordered my food to go. They brought it out on plates and then took 15 minutes to put it in a box. After getting home I realized the bottom of the flatbread was burnt and inedible. The truffle Mac was ok.I really love NOSH! I originally came to try their Happy Hour on a Friday, but arrived at almost 8pm. Luckily they have their Bubbles Bar from 4-close on Friday's where select Rose and sparkling wines are just 4 bucks.
Fast forward to the following Friday and I'm in again but this time to actually try Happy Hour. My bartender from last week remembers my name and order! I was able to have "my usual" rosé, since I'm a frequent diner now. I was also able to try the bites from their happy hour menu. First of all, the mac and cheese was bomb AF! It was cheesy and seasoned, something I was not expecting, so kudos! The pasta, which was either orecchiette or tortellini was al dente... not my fave, but I'll order that Mac and cheese again any day! I also enjoyed the sliders which were good, spring rolls and poutine fries. All of the food thus far was really good, came out quickly, service was great from hostess to bartender to server, to managers checking in. NOSH is really a cute spot to unwind at. 
I'm really happy to have found my now go to Happy Hour spot.Very elegant and the ambiance was intoxicating. The lighting was intimate and romantic. Live music was very appropriate and the serving staff was fast and efficient. Safe enviroment and decor was hip and modern. The them of the menue was tappas whicch was quite perfect for us. We had the bison sliders and they were fantastic. 2 Tender juicy tasty bison patties perfectly cookend & season. Served on a sweet soft brioche buns with a side of homeade pickles and pickled radish. Absolutely addicting! I will return for the burgers and to try more of the very sophisticated menu.Came by to meet friends for some cocktails and light appetizers prior to dinner. Great ambiance. Love the interior and live piano. Very classy. Would be perfect for Date Night! Great service too. Shrimp spring roll and Lobster Tacos were delicious!Great happy hour featuring creative drinks.  Inexpensive, but quality cocktails.  Pictured are the jalapeño strawberry margarita and the black widow.  Easy to get to in the CBD and ample parking.  Huge bar and spacious seating area.  Small plates are perfect for sharing.  Tacos are $2 on Thursday Caliente Nights.We were so excited to try this place - advertised a great menu and live music. When we got there on a Friday night it was dead. There were only 2 other couples in there and the "live" music was a saxophonist playing over recorded music. The Sax was so loud that we couldn't even hear each other. We didn't stay for the food. The bartender was nice and attentive though.Very nice restaurant! Interior looks very modern and comfortable. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Food was good, smaller plates, nice variety; a bit greasy, but tasty. Ambience was a bit loud. Overall a very good experience.Not impressed with management yesterday around 5. I came to this venue for some food with my coworkers, and ordered a brussel sprout salad which was good. I then ordered macaroni & cheese, and it was cold. I kindly told my server who was extremely attentive and great and he got it out of my way. He brought a new order of mac & cheese out, and it was the right temperature but there was shredded pork inside. I had one of my coworkers try it, and they confirmed it was salty pork. It smelled of pork. As a vegetarian, I quickly lost my appetite and had it returned. The manager came out and assured me I was wrong about the pork and that it was the rind on the gouda. The manager also told me they don't even have pork on the menu, but I looked and they had a crispy pork option as well as a charcuterie board. My coworker corrected him about telling me I was wrong, and the manager stuttered and said he checked with the chef and it wasn't pork. It looks to me like they reused a utensil to heat up my mac. I told him I didn't want anything else. Then, he brings out a salad from their other restaurant which completely confused me because I just finished eating a salad. I didn't touch it, and I was over the experience. I paid for my brussel sprout salad, tipped my server, and left for good.Honestly this place is fire. The drinks are incredible! The Julia Rita and lobster tacos are a MUST!!! (We ordered the tacos, ate them and ordered more) The atmosphere is great, from the white marble bartop to the swanky seating. The wood beams were so aesthetically pleasing like all the staff. Also, the "dj" for this Thursday night was so nice and played my fave upon request- Ellie Goulding. They also have a happy hour worth coming to.Can't get enough of Nosh! This place is a great spot for drinks and small plates! They also have live music on some nights. Also, happy hour that does not end until 7p!! The servers and bartenders also offer good customer service.We went for their happy hour and of course we had to get the oysters. They are in season so they were so fresh and delicious! Paired great with champagne! Would highly recommend this place.Delicious! Everything I had I enjoyed. Drinks were made proper as well. We had a great time. Service was consistent.Friendlier than Emerils, lobster Tacos and short rib poutine to boost your cytokines and insulin levels!  Walking distance from the hotels.  Enjoyed the experience!The hubby and I decided to stop in for a quick bite tonight. It's a Sunday night and the place wasn't busy at all. We were seated fairly quickly. The wait time to order and waiting on our drinks&food was ridiculous! Not to mention the party of 6 that came in after and was approached before us. 
We waited over 35 mins for a glass of wine, over 45 minutes for 6 oysters and a meat plate. The meat plate was depressing looking and super sloppy. The salami was poorly cut and the paper was still attached. 
This place is seriously lacking the staff and definitely needs help. We will most probably not be back...Excellent mix o options.  Scallops were fantastic.  Recommemd fruit tart for desert too!Really prompt service even though we were 30 mins late for a reservation on NYE (oops, our bad!) the food was incredible! We got the truffle Mac n cheese & the bison sliders both were amazing, but a little too small. This place is great for drinks & a light snack, but it's too far to walk from most of the big Nola drinking strips so idk the practicality. Really good but prepare to still be hungry & to get another uber once you leave.Great place for small plates, wine, and great cocktails. The food here is really good. Favorites at the table were oysters, bison sliders, tuna poke, & shaved Brussel sprouts. The live music was a great surprise as well. The staff couldn't have been more friendly. Definitely put it on your list to visit. It is easy to get in now but that will likely change as more people discover what a gem this place is.Yum. Yum. Yum. 
We went here while in Nola for business and oh. My. God. 
We had a blast. Custom cocktails, incredible food, and awesome servers. I'm not annoyed yet fan but everyone around us was going Gaga for them. We had several tapas and every single one was awesome. We actually ordered refills on a few of them. Not because they were too small, because OMG get in my belly.. so good!Started off good but a group of about 25 came in and just stood behind us all night. The soft jazz with the piano and base was nice but the group behind us was so loud that my wife and I could barely hear each other.   
On top of that ... the guy behind me kept elbowing me on the back all night.   Should have been a Nice last night out in NOLA but was very disappointing!The environment, the exquisite food, the life music, all makes this place a perfect romantic adventure. The price is well worth the experience you gain here. If you are hungry and just want to fill your belly, then this is not a place you would want to go. But if you want to find a place to spend some quality time, then this is the perfect place!
We tried the beef short rib and salmon carpaccio, they are sooooo good!We came here after we were notified of an hour wait at Peche so it was not our first choice but we saw these yelp reviews so we thought it would be good. We were wrong. We were the only table and the food came out cold. The waiter was plain awkward and the place has more of a cocktail vibe rather than a restaurant.
This place will not be open for much longer if they keep it up.  It was quite the waste of money.Within walking distance of our hotel, hubby saw the happy hour .50 oysters and was over joyed. 
He ordered up 2 dozen raw oysters and loved them. 
I had the lobster shrimp tacos and it came with 3 bite sized tacos which were very good. Washed down with a tall Dark and Stormy. 
The Chef came over and gave hubby 2 extra large oysters as he said they were so large he wanted to give them away. Score for him!If you're over the overpriced/average food quality in the tourist areas, then this place is a welcome relief. Sensational tapas/small plate menu with plenty of variety and excellent cocktails ... all at very reasonable prices. I can highly recommend Nosh!Places that are outfitted with a classy look, serve craft cocktails, and has a friendly staff is always going to get good feedback from me!  My buddy and i stopped in for a drink and i ended up getting a sazarac and a pecan old fashioned.  Accompanied by some Louisiana oysters is ok by me.  Nothing special there, but as discussed at the bar, you can only f- up Louisiana oysters.  Slow Tuesday night so we got to chat with the friendly staff.  Shout out to Taylor behind the bar, your drink rating is (5) martini glasses.  Good luck on your new venture.  Good spot if you're with a small group and you're going to be chatting it up the entire time.I was with a group from work and stopped in for drinks and appetizers on a Tuesday and there was little crowd.
We loved the atmosphere and were looking forward to a good time there. Wr ordered drinks and waited for over 30 minutes for them and finally sought out our waitress.
The waitress was completely unapologetic and didn't even acknowledge we waited that long and when we asked what she could do, asked whether we wanted to cancel our drinks. 
We had such high expectations and this experience started off our night poorly.Saturday night, six seated tables, 9 employees on the floor,  Counting the suits (managers?) Full seated bar and one struggling bar tender ?????,Very nice casual bar with great food.
Stopped in for a quick drink and snack while waiting for a nearby restaurant to open. The food was very impressive and the staff was very friendly. We will add this to the list of places we'd like to revisit or tell others about.We stopped at Nosh after a night of parades and the place was awesome!
Immediately you connect with the staff; the music is just right and enjoyable; the seating along with the decor is attractive and suitable..
The food above all with the drinks were tasty.
The manager Jeff welcomes all guests and consistently walking around checking on his guests.We checked out NOSH over the Memorial Day Weekend. It has a cool laid back vibe and some great small plates. I recommend starting with the house made chips and dip. If you like olives they have a small olive bowl (non-pitted). The MAC and CHEESE was a hit with everyone (I eat a mostly plant based diet so did not try it). Also, the Bison Sliders drew a round of applause. I did try the Brussel Sprout Salad. I picked around the cheese and it was amazing. They also had live music and a nice drink menu.The staff was fantastic and the food was even more amazing! We were able to order a bit of everything our favorites were the lobster tacos, Mac n cheese, flatbread, and their Brussels sprouts. Honestly you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.Popped in for a quick happy hour drink while I was supposed to be making a mini mart run for my gf. 50-cent oysters were too good to pass up and I wasn't disappointed. HUGE oysters and flavorful.Not good at all, seems fancy and they use fancy words on there menu but all there food is is pre frozen food that they heat and serve in a fancy way that's way overpriced save your self the time and your money and don't eat here.Their hours are all wrong. We were looking for a late night restaurant that was still open. We turned to OpenTable and made a reservation for 11pm at NOSH. We arrived early at 10:40 and were told they were closed. Everyone was sitting around and they were wiping off the bar. Really kind of angry about this. We drove all the way over there, found parking - and then it was too late to try to get to any other restaurant on time.It's was okay. Had some cracklins and oysters. Couple beers.  I might try it again but there are so many places in NOLA. 
Give it a shot on a weekend. I went on a Tuesday. Kind of quite. 
Great service though. And those cracklins were fresh. Very good. 
Cheers!Not so much. We were left wondering if we were invisible or just being totally ignored by the wait staff!  The drinks were watered down and flat.  Both the tuna and the shrimp were not fresh and they were served warm. The Brussel Sprout salad was tasteless.  We are visiting from out of town and have enjoyed excellent dinners in this area until now.  This was a huge disappointment.  I would never return nor recommend it.This place has just reopened, so they have no place to go but up. From the moment we walked in, we felt smothered. You know how when you're trying to shop and the sales person won't leave you alone... like that. We were asked if we had reservations when we walked in. We just wanted to have a drink. We were given a table.  From the moment we sat down, suits were constantly coming up to us asking if everything is alright. One of my party ordered a beer, and our server told him, "Oh, come on. You can do better than that. " We just wanted to relax and have some drinks on a Friday evening. There was no relaxing in this place. Even when they weren't asking us if things were okay, they were standing next to our table, eavesdropping on our conversation. If you want to have some cocktails and enjoy conversation with friends, this is not the place.Wow! there's was nothing we ordering that we didn't enjoy! Hands down the very best raw oysters i have ever had and the shrimp spring rolls & poutine were fantastic! The service was just as wow as the eats ;) Ne sure and go b4 7pm for .50 raw oysters and small bites for $5 :Dall I can say that is the oysters and the the kind man that shucked them fresh for us was sweet and helpful with questions.
the bar keep was a joke slow and distracted, and the manager when we asked about the a joining restaurant next door, which we thought they were one could we see a menu  he would not provide one, but the oyster guy did, LOL happily.
 Anyway the managers attitude  is what made us leave after 2 martinis and and full platter of oysters, we decided we would eat else where. What I really think is they need some fine tuning on customer service, except for the oyster man, he was a dear. I loved NOLA and would tell anyone its a must see and put it  on your bucket list.Favorite place in NOLA to get some raw oysters! They're always so clean and cold! *Tip: go during social hour! They're only .50 cents!! Plus they have a variety of small plates for $5. I've had good service every time I've dined here too, which is majorrr!This lounge is a fun hangout spot.  The decor is beautiful, there is great lighting, and a few hanging TVs plus speakers for entertainment.  Their cocktails are great too, and I'd recommend stopping by while in NOLA!We used to live in NOLA, and our go-to was Superior Seafood for their 50 cent oyster happy hour. However, this trip has been disappointing as both times we tried to go they had a ridiculously long wait. I'm so glad this place popped up! Honestly, they have way better oysters than most places I have tried (and I lived here for 5 years)! Our server was super nice and was very fast at getting our drinks out. I think we found our new favorite spot to visit when we come to the Crescent City.I came here looking for a light dinner since I've been having fried everything since I got here and I came across this place on yelp. So I made my way over there... and I didn't realize it was a place where people dress a little nicer than I was (I was out exploring New Orleans all day) but it didn't seem to bother anyone so I didn't feel bad. It was busy when I got there but they told me I could sit down until they could get to me. They finally did and the waitress was very nice! However... it took a while for my food to get to me. I didn't mind I understand how busy it can get and I was in no rush. The food finally came one by one. First the wild mushroom flat bread... delish. Then the lobster tacos... small, cute, and also delicious. The very last thing that came to me (the himachi thing) came with a nice surprise. Because of the wait, they gave me complementary broiled oysters which were so delicious! The himachi thing was pretty chill. 10 outta 10 would go again.This is probably my favorite place in New Orleans. The menu consists of small plate items but everything on it is excellent. The wait staff are extremely friendly and attentive. This place surpassed my expectations by far.They charge extra for every piece of a cocktail. They charge extra for ice, lemon zest, olive, shake your martini.  It was outrageously expensive for a cocktail. We won't be going back to Nosh!Decent small plates...nothing exceptional, and expensive. My scallops were two for 15, and severely undercooked. My salmon carpaccio nicely presented, but without flavor. Nice bar area, but the rest of the space is gymnasium like. Open, and impersonal with nothing of interest. Staff is distant and aloof. 
Unfocused, doesn't know if it's wanting to be a bar, or a restaurant. If they don't take a time out and reorganize they're not going to make it. There was more staff then people, and they just seemed clueless.I enjoy coming here for happy hour. 
So let me talk about Tacos-  They are SMALL! Appetizer Serious!
 So, the carnitas taco was OK. Not over the top exciting. It came with no hot sauce or anything. I am a bit nervous but you only live once.  Also I hate cilantro I just discovered that so two of the tacos I don't care for because of it.the  gulf fish taco is nice. The batter is fried nice along with the spicy mayo and avocado combination. I did not care for the Shrimp due to the pineapple and cilantro combo. It made me a Lil queazy. I also in this time decided to try the twisted smile cocktail which is very refreshing. Its grapefruit, champagne and tequila. Very refreshing. The Barbacoa is really good. I think its my fave out the four selections they offer. The Cajuns Cracklings was nice!!!I was here for a birthday party on a Friday evening WITH the bubbles happy hour drinks! I had the Wycliff (too sweet for me) and the Charles Roux (weirdly heavy) but you can't go wrong with the Ruffino Prosecco. At some point I switched to the HH Mule's which were tasty and not too tart. 
The birthday girl had reserved space for her gathering and I was able to sample some of the cheese from the cheese & charcuterie bar. Tasty. And I ordered a bianca flatbread which was good but a bit bland. I didn't get much roasted garlic at all.
The space is large with plenty of bar seats. They were jumping on a random Friday night in November. Definitely will be back for HH pricing and bites.Outstanding experience.  Just stopped in for a drink and ended up staying for an hour, talking with the bartender, noshing down oysters, and simply enjoying the vibe of this place.   I consider myself an 'oyster snob', and this joint delivered.....this may sound simplistic, but it really matters....it really irks me when I order oysters on the half-shell, and the shucker only shucks half of the oyster.  Not here...perfect presentation and the shucker even came over to my table to make sure I was satisfied.  NOSH ROCKS!!!We showed up with reservations for dinner but they didn't have a table ready. They tried to put 6 people around a table made for 2. The manager advised us to buy cocktails while he tried to figure something out. we ordered scotch. It took them over 30 minutes to deliver the drinks, and they were only "delivered" because we walked to the bar ourselves and grabbed them. By that point the ice had melted and the scotch was undrinkable. This is all on top of an inexperienced wait staff, incredibly loud atmosphere where you had to yell across a two person table to hear each other. Trust me, do yourself a favor. Go somewhere else, anywhere else. You won't regret it.
FYI Meril is right down the street.Had been wanting to try out NOSH and finally got to check it out today. I sat at the bar with my sister and as soon as we sat down we were greeted by the bartender, which I believe was named Steven. He was extremely dry and really didn't seem to want to be there. I thought maybe he is just having a bad day and wasn't in a good mood. We ordered Brussel salad and oysters which were both delicious! The food was really great and I give the restaurant decor and style a 5, but they seriously need to do something about the bartender. He was not friendly at all. Kitchen staff came out a few times with a big smile and asked how everything was which did make us feel a little more welcomed. We spoke with a couple who sat next to us and they said they have been here a few times and staff is ALWAYS the problem. This could have been a place I would recommend to others if they do some retraining on basic hospitality skills.My husband and I love Tapas! We saw that this place recently opened and their menu didn't look too bad. We arrived and was welcomed very warmly. We came on a weekday for happy hour. The place is dim and there was a couple patrons at the bar otherwise a bit dead. Plenty of seated couches for lounging. We ordered a dozen oysters which were pretty good and then just started ordering a bunch of small plates for dinner. Everything was so-so. Our fav was the lobster tacos. Leaves something to be desired but overall just okay. We aren't from the area but if we were I probably won't come back.My wife and I came here last weekend for some small plates and good drinks. We had never been here before, and we were excited to try a new place since we absolutely love tapas. We found this place online and decided to give it a go. To start, let me say, our server Diego was a sweetheart. 
The ambiance was awkward. There were only a few other people there which I found odd, given it was a weekend night. But we chose to stay and sit at a low table. We had read beforehand that the cheese plate was not impressive, but we ordered it anyway along with lobster-shrimp tacos, a ceviche, the chocolate pot, and the fruit tart. I'll go in order. 
The cheese plate was definitely accurately reviewed. It was so terrible..it seemed like it had been put together by Walmart cheeses. There was only blue and Gouda. The Gouda was cubed in big cubes..it was just very disappointing. Cannot stress this enough. The lobster-shrimp tacos were mediocre at their very best. Pretty bland, hard to eat. Not what I was expecting. The ceviche has no depth. It was poached in pure lemon and nothing else. 
The desserts we had seen photos of and we wanted to get the fruit tart because it was super cute and tasty looking online. Needless to say it was nothing at ALL like the photos. It was a store bought pie crust with cake flavored hard cream messily smeared inside and a cut strawberry thrown on top. It seriously looked like a toddler made it and didn't taste good either. The chocolate pot was nothing to write home about. Again, no depth here either. 
We really wanted to like this place. As I said, our server was great. We have never before not liked a single thing we've ordered from a place.  we will not ever be returning..in fact we will avoid this place at all costs.Went to the Bubbles Night. Nice choice of champagne and the lobster tacos were delicious! The fresh oysters for $.50 each were also a great treat!
Nice place but for some reason the music was turned up so loud at 7pm that we couldn't hear one another without having to yell across the table. 3 stars based on that. If we could have heard each other speak this would probably be a 5 Star review!Where to begin...arrived around 6 pm and sat at the bar waiting for my date to join.  I ordered a glass of Cab and a half dozen oysters to begin.  After tasting the Cab, I asked to see the bottle...instead of the Cab advertised on the menu; it was replaced with a lower quality red blend.  Of course, I wasn't told of this prior to ordering.  As I was communicating my order with the bartender, the manager interrupted mid-sentence to discuss business with the bartender.  WTH?  No hello, how are you, whatever...just a rude interruption.  By the way, after 2 hours there, he still hadn't said hello...how are things...etc.  The oysters arrived...ok, nothing special...with a half full ramekin of cocktail sauce and each packet of crackers were broken upon opening!  I requested Worcestershire sauce and the bartender returned after a few minutes with a ramekin of sauce and informed that the kitchen wanted to know if I was a Northerner...as though Worcestershire sauce in cocktail sauce is a Northern thing? Really?  I moved on to the tacos where my date requested no cilantro...guess what!? Cilantro everywhere...tacos were rather bland as well.  She order the crab appetizer, no cilantro...guess what...cilantro everywhere and all cheese, little to no crab and more bland.  The place was rather empty and I can understand why...terribly managed and the food is below average at best.  The bartender told us that managers rotate in and out and that the original plan for the restaurant had been changed for the worse.  This is a Creole Cuisine Concepts restaurants and as poorly managed as some of its others.  They are obviously losing money and I can only hope that someone recognizes this great space across from Emeril's and puts something of quality in it.  Count me among the many who came here once, never to return.I won't be going back. The service was alright. Food was lackluster. The menu does not properly state ingredients, which is critical for me because I have food allergies. One dish a friend and myself shared was the tuna poke. The menu mentions nothing of avocado but I know it is usually in it at other places. I requested this to be on the side just in case it was in it. Of course the dish came out saturated in avocado and it was almost as if it was our fault it came out wrong. They poured the wrong champagne for my friend and instead of it being lagniappe they tossed it down the drain. I mean it could've been lagniappe considering our food was wrong. The lobster taco shells were stale as hell. No redo on that. The Brussels sprout salad was meh. Nothing about this experience has me running back. In fact I'll keep running past it.I waited 45 mins for sliders and they still never arrived. I asked the server if they were about to come out and I was told no, it would still be awhile. It wasn't even busy. Avoid.Surreal experience of older folks sipping red wine while played out radio hip-hop from early 2000's cycled via the DJ.  
Pecan Old Fashioned and Lis Circle cocktails were not great. Much prefer offerings from tonique or the like. Service was excellent however and the food looked good.So good! The happy hour is on point. Exactly the right amount of food and drinks on the menu. 5-7pm. Delicious food and drinks. Try the tuna and avocado small plate and daiquiri! Pepperoni flatbread was satisfying. Atmosphere was hip and welcoming. Definitely worth a trip before a Saints game.Wow. Talk about a great experience. The music the food and finally the service make Nosh a must do when in Nawling.Walked in and because it was french quarter fest was kind of bare, but staff was still cheery.   Ordered the flatbread and nosh because wasn't hungry and thought was very average and if i hadn't payed for it, i wouldnt have eaten so much.   But the staff and space was greatSat at the bar on Thursday ("Caliente nights") for happy hour drinks and apps.  The place is cute, drinks were good, happy hour prices were fair, and the bartender was professional.  When we got the mushroom flatbread, it was pretty delicious as well.
Now onto the reasons we won't come back. The bartender was very overworked while the rest of the house staff stood around - maybe not their fault, I would guess it's not their responsibility to staff the bar if they're assigned to the floor, but maybe someone else could at least hand out menus...?  The bartender was nice, courteous, and seemed efficient within the constraints of the system, but couldn't keep up.  Felt like we were competing for a single bartender on a Friday night at midnight at a popular club...except that it was a restaurant bar on a Thursday afternoon with few patrons.  We felt bad for the bartender.
Also ordered the flatbread, which took probably 30-45 minutes.  Again, it tasted good, but I had to go feed the meter because it took so long to take the order, get the food, etc.  Pretty sure the only other person who ordered food (other than raw oysters) while we were there was the guy next to us who ordered 2 tacos - I think the bartender apologized to the guy at least 2 or 3 times for how long it was taking and kept giving him oysters to satiate him. 
Came another time and had a similar experience.  Essentially poor management staffing decisions and slow kitchen staff (vs other reason?) have ruined what could have been a good thing.Stopped in for the .50 oysters during social hour and ordered the poutine, and lobster & shrimp tacos. Everything was beyond good, service was excellent, you can't beat 50 cent oysters! The guy shucking the oysters behind the bar was chatting with us and telling stories. Everything was wonderful, Definitely gotta come back if I'm in NOLA againGreat happy hour spot. We came here twice since it was close to the hotel. Bartenders make excellent drinks.I'm very surprised at some of the ratings for NOSH. This place is a hidden gem that gives you so much bang for your buck. I love love love the concept. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. Very comfy seating. Overall a very relaxed vibe. 
I went with my best friend on a Caliente night (Thursday). We had tacos, oysters, poke, shrimp eggrolls and probably some other stuff that I'm missing. It was all super delicious and very shareable. I was extremely impressed with the oysters, and the eggrolls. They were done excellently. 
The cocktails we had were great (special shoutout for the jalapeno strawberry margarita - just the right amount of spice!). The servers were friendly and conversational and didn't yell at us for relaxing outside in their chairs before they opened. (THANK YOU) 
Great place - even though we had small plates, we were full by the time we left. There's so much deliciousness to try! 
5 Stars - great atmosphere, friendly staff, delicious food!Service was horrible like most others have stated. Just the longest time to receive drinks or food or bill. Got order wrong and presentation was bad as they mixed it all together. Drinks were also not good. Some were too strong and some too weak.  Limited selection of food which we were told we could order from menu of tommy and that was also a lie. The tacos even though service was a joke were pretty good. The shrimp was best. Still would not go back unless they fix their obvious lack of service.We arrived here last minute on girls night out. Service was great! They really went out of the way to take care of our table. Food and drinks were wonderful. Various items ordered include the cheese plate, scallops, basil flat bread, truffle Mac and cheese and a few more items. We would recommend them all. Chris, our waiter, was great! He was very helpful and we really enjoyed his knowledge and suggestions.The interior is nice but unfortunately the staff has no clue about service. Was sadly disappointed;( I understand when a new place has kinks to work out- but it was painfully bad service. I've opened restaurants, Ive bartended, I'm Patient. This was even beyond my patience. 
I wanted to bring all the models from our photo shoot here after we finished- AND we had an open expense account, but after the "mezza plate" which was a HORRIBLE attempt at a charcuterie plate, and then getting all the prices wrong for happy hour and taking 30 minutes to even fix that- I was done! I won't be back! Get it together y'all!NOSH. AMAZING. Service is 110%. Food is top notch. Atmosphere - this place is FANTASTIC.  If u don't check it out, whether local or visiting you are missing out.I had attended a private event at nosh last year in the summer and really enjoyed the food the drinks in the atmosphere. So when the old friend of mine wanted to reconnect I thought it would be a great place. For 5 o'clock on Wednesday we both found parking very easily and we met at the bar. They have excellent happy hour menu and all of the wines on the menu that I had were delicious!  I ordered the shortrib poutine and the flatbread of the day (margherita style).  My colleague ordered a half dozen oysters and the charcuterie board (we were just going to share everything).  The oysters were plump, clean and creamy.  YUM!  The charcuterie board didn't challenge me, but it also didn't scare me.  Think something a coworker might bring if they wanted to make a fancy but cheap on the low charcuterie board.  The poutine was very tasty!  Needed no additional seasoning. The fries themselves were pretty good, not sure if they were freshly made.  I tried 2 of the whites on the hh menu and thought they were exceptional.  My only complaint was I felt the bartender was intrusive. She was very nice don't get me wrong but I have literally not seen this acquaintance in eight months so we had a lot to catch up on but every time we started a conversation she would butt in and put her self into it.  It was LITERALLY like Friend is sitting facing me and looking me in my eye and asks "Are you doing such & such festival" to me the bartender immediately answered "oh yeah, I gotta go!"  Or I asked acquaintance "So, how's your mom doing?" And bartender would jump in and say "Where's your mom at?" That's a bit muchNOSH has the potential to be a real contender in the competitive NOLA restaurant industry.  Food is flavorful, drinks are tastily crafted but lightly poured. The service and setup however is left to be desired. If you're sitting in the comfortable lounge area next to the bar, be prepared for significant traffic by both patrons and staff back and forth between Thomas' Cuisine located in back. Though I was half heartedly greeted at the door, I was told I can seat myself. After 15 minutes with no server attending to me (they were busy watching people get rained on outside as three servers gazed out of the front window) I had to get up to ask for a menu and server. I witnessed the staff fail to exceed expectations on several occasions to both myself and others (myself and three other guests commented to one another on the topic) so hopefully they can "get it together" and reach their full potential. They're just not there yet.Awesome place to just chill and relax as well as getting out the house to get my school and work stuff done. The staff staff was pretty nice in "coffee choices " and the food was good too. My new go to stop to get stuff done and to relaxNOSH is in the space that used to be Tommy's Wine Bar and they offer a daily happy hour.  Most of the food items on offer for their happy hour menu are pathetically small and a waste of time and money to even order while the main decent special they offer would be the 50 cent raw oysters.  The service is really slow and mediocre at best.  The drinks are ok but their happy hour prices are not all that happy and still seem overpriced.  The crowd usually seems that it isn't a very friendly or happy gathering type so this place just lacks the usual happy friendly vibe most NOLA establishments generally offer.  The bar itself has a nice ambiance and very comfortable seating which is unchanged since before Katrina and still works quite well.  Overall without the 50 cent oysters there would really be no need to even visit here and even with the oyster special Superior Seafood offers a more enjoyable friendly crowd along with their 50 cent oyster special which also offers much better drink specials.1 star for the bartender that never served us the dozen oysters we ordered. After ordering, we waited patiently for 40 minutes until we ran out of time. Never did get the oysters that we specifically went to NOSH for. Thanks for nothing.I came on a Saints Sunday, it was such a lively crowd. The drink specials they were running were great prices! Bria was so helpful with helping me choose a wine and some bar snacks! She found me a spot at the bar as soon as I walked in. I def recommend to ask for her! She's the sweetest and very knowledgeable of the menu.Came here with a friend to catch up. Loved it. The food was spectacular. We got the lobster tacos, artisanal cheese plate, and truffle gouda mac and cheese. I was a little skeptical about lobster tacos, but trust me- it was worth it. The mac and cheese was so good we even asked for more bread to soak up the last bits. My friend and I each got four cocktails between the two of us and tried each.  safe to say the bartenders know their craft well. The ambiance was dim and soothing with live jazz. 10/10 would recommend.