The first time I came to New Orleans with my wife I saw this place and my wife told me we would not eat here. BUT I went on my own and absolutely love it. This place is right up my wife's alley. I will bring her back.Being from Oklahoma this seemed pretty foreign to me. a drive through hamburger and seafood place. But you go inside and it's nice inside with a waitress and the food was really good. much better than I was expecting for a drive through. it felt like sitting down and eating at a casual dining restuarant.Ordered Thin catfish PoBoy.  Somewhat disappointed in quantity of portions.  Very little fish and mostly breadThe first time I came to New Orleans with my wife I saw this place and my wife told me we would not eat here. BUT I went on my own and absolutely love it. This place is right up my wife's alley. I will bring her back.I went here as a last resort because I wanted some pasta and we all.know that the East doesn't really have many choices. I was pleasantly surprised by how good the pasta was at a burger joint. Now, I've been here before, and that Shrimpzilla po boy is AMAZING, but that is a review for another time. The pasta had a bunch of tender golden fried shrimp and the sauce was tasy, but I could of course tell that this wasn't a real pasta restaurant. Again, for the item I ordered, I wasn't upset with what I got. If you're craving pasta and there is nothing else, go for it. It really wasn't bad. But if you're at this restaurant and are trying to decide between the pasta and literally anything else on the menu, go for your other choice!Went there last Sunday!! OMG I love this place and will most definitely visit again my next trip to NOLA!This is one of our favorite go to spots to grab a quick meal. My little one if allowed will eat a burger everyday. The menu is pretty straight forward and easy to read. You order your food and pay before seated. I ordered a Roadhouse burger well done, and my daughter a kids hamburger with American cheese. Our food came out just perfectly! Nice and hott! I mean not too hot to not enjoy, but hot enough to savor the flavor! The buns served were slightly sweet which added a different additive to this deliciousness we were about to devour. The pepper jack cheese combined with the grilled onions and mushrooms topped on my well done burger...... let's just say, yummy! Oh my gosh and let's not talk about the garlic fries......yummy in my tummy. My daughters burger was also perfectly made. I'm telling you she is one picky hamburger lover, it was prepared "perfectly". She was pleased to not just have her cheese placed on top her burger. She's so picky I thought she would like the bun, but she loved it! The staff constantly checked on us asking did we need anything. Not so much so to bother us from eating but enough to make us feel welcomed. We definitely enjoyed our food, and was able to get a free sweet treat on our way out. We willl return soon  and maybe next time, my little one will choose a different burger to add to our burger list!Always a good meal for lunch or dinner. Great place for a business lunch or to bring your family. 
The shrimp tacos are outstanding!Food was delicious and good. Services was good. The resturant was overall good.Also, There's a drive thru too!!Stopped off here on the way to the French quarter cause we were all starving. Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. The Po boy are good the fries are awesome! All five of us left here stuffed and happy.Came with a large group of students off a bus- 45+. Staff was helpful seating us and even more superb bringing out our meals. Great cooks & wait staff- staff pushed the 4 to 5 stars & the fact my Strawberry Salad was amazing. Sorry, I was going to take a pic but it's goneI haven't been able to find anything good here the few times I have had it. I can't figure it out. I have have several burgers and sandwiches. The fires and the onion rings. Maybe its the type of oil they use? Either way I don't like it and wont be going back.Finally New Orleans East has a nice casual dining restaurant.  I hope this is the sign of more to come. I enjoyed the service and food quality I expect for any New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Company; the icing on cake is having a Coffee & Beignet as well.  New Orleans East matters and I'm glad that establishments are starting to see the potential.I ordered a regular burger, the shrimp/catfish platter with a side of gumbo, and of course it all came with wedges! Let me start off with saying that those potato wedges were absolutely outstanding. I've never tasted anything quite like them. The shrimp was about average, and the catfish was super tender. Sort of melt in your mouth like. The gumbo and the hamburger were both pretty decent as well! Everything definitely tasted fresh. The prices were fair for seafood, you get a pretty generous portion. (Even though that in the pictures, it doesn't look like it. I thought the same thing.) I really enjoyed the customer service, and definitely recommend this restaurant.Eh-I thought it was ok.  I tried the crawfish pie and it was tasty enough.  My husband decided to order what the locals get and got gumbo and a turkey neck-hmmm.  The crawfish looked good which is what most of the local customers were eating.  I would definitely eat some where else, even if it means driving "out of the way."  Not much else to choose from on the menu. Not clean, and not very good customer service skills.Came during lunch  no waiting place is semi quite you can hear yourself talk, without yelling. This would be a good spot to watch a saints game 4 large screen tvs and a nice bar. Restaurant is clean and service was good. Now on to the free ice cream.Got char oyster. Not the best but not the worst I eaten. But the staff wasn't friendly.Decent food. Priced right. Fast service. Staff was very friendly. Place was clean. Lots of parking. 
The fried shrimp was delicious. The batter had Lemon pepper seasoning and was very crunchy.Good food needed something quick and close to where we were staying. Didn't want the traditional fast food eateries. Get the crawfish queso yummy.What can I say.  The food is always good from what I been experiencing.  This is my fall back spot when other places don't work because of service, selection or whatever...or if I don't feel like driving far to eat.  I always seem to get red beans and rice or the fried oyster platter.  It's always rolling and those garlic butter fries are so good too.  For a chain restaurant I think they're one of the best.Good service clean environment and of course great food. Also don't forget to get your complimentary ice cream cone before you leave. The big TVs on the wall was great to watch the game as wellRarely does anything deserve 5 stars but NOHS is the absolutely wonderful. The price is unbelievable for the large amt of food plus complementary ice cream! I'm FL born & raised, used to snow crabs and grits, but this restaurant is a must come with great service. Bring your empty stomachs and get your grub on.So me and my husband usually go to the same places for dinner or lunch so I took him to this New Orleans restaurant right in the east. You order your food sit at a table and they bring it out. Simple quick and very easy with free ice cream cones for dessert.I just ordered a shrimp pó-boy and while it is very tasty, they don't devein the shrimp.After a long days work, the crew decided to eat at NO hamburger and seafood in New Orleans East. We went through the drive thru. The man taking orders on today (7/14/18 at 5pm) greeted us over the speaker in a low, dragging tone. We ignored that and asked for a second to get out order together. The man replied "What?" In a rude manner. We again asked for a minute to get our order together and peruse the menu. He never replied. I again said "Hello. Can we have one minute?"  The guy never responded. Never acknowledged us like we were a bother. We decided to drive all the way to the Veterans location.Ordered thin Catfish & Gumbo with thick fries. Everything was delicious, but when the say is thin catfish, they mean thin. There is little to no meat on the catfish. Enjoyed the gumbo very much--it was not salty, which I liked. Ordered a cup to go. Staff is pleasant and professional.Ate here last night and both my husband and I really enjoyed our meal.  The gumbo was just delicious.  Perfect NOLA meal.JUST came in and Olivette who took my order was so rude and unhelpful!  She does not need a job in any sort of customer service. The "crab cakes" were obviously frozen patties that were fried. YUCK!  Do not recommend!!!!!  Do not waste your money!!!!First meal in New Orleans since I got in late and prefer not to cruise around at night in a new city to me.  Kind of fast food but very good.  I had the Thin Catfish Platter.  Really good catfish with enough spice to let you know that it's there.  I counted 8 large pieces.  It comes with fries, small thick sliced French bread and a purple coleslaw.  In the bag they provided tartar sauce, cocktail sauce and a garlic and butter sauce for the bread.  They also provided enough ketchup for an army.We were very impressed with this place. We got the gator balls as an appetizer. They come with a pepper jelly. I didn't care for them but my husband loved them (they were also spicy) I got the fried shrimp platter and it was amazing. The portion size of the shrimp was HUGE. Enough for 3 people. The Garlic Fries were amazing, they had some type of buttery garlic sauce underneath. They were crispy and delicious. I didn't try the slaw. The hush puppies were good. My husband loved the fish. It was a bit muddy tasting but he still loved it and loved the breading.Excellent for "fast food" with a twist and spirit of New Orleans.  Fried fish and shrimp was fabulous!  Want to try more foods on the menu for sure!!!I really don't understand the reviews because this place was super clean, the food was hot and tasty,  and the service was great! One patron did ask if there gumbo could be hotter, which the staff quickly did... I might add that guy really looked like he was enjoying his gumbo. Definitely would dine here again.We had alligator poppers, shrimp platter, 3 different burgers. The burgers were ok nothing special. Shrimp was fine and I couldn't eat it all. Fries with garlic on them none of us has had before, they were good we all  4 liked them. I thought is was pricey though for what we had... lunch cost us $70When reviewing a restaurant, I have to remind myself that others don't see the same things when I experience a meal. I have years of restaurant management experience, so I know a thing or two. 
I think this is a fine place to eat - but I'm reviewing only a few things to help others be more informed. 
The business model here is confusing at first. You can get full-service on one side, but you can also order at a counter, and they bring food to your table. If you've read some of my reviews, you'll know I'm partial to full-service. It's why most of us go out - so someone else does the work. Who wants to stand in a line, when they can sit and relax? Not me!
Because of my experience with gumbo, I'm always going to order at least a cup to see how it stacks up to mine. The menu literally calls it "City's best gumbo".  Folks - this is a complete lie. They should be arrested for attempting to defraud the people! This wasn't even on the top 50 gumbos in the city. Mind you, I haven't tried 50 gumbos in New Orleans, but I'm confident in my assessment. Do not try the gumbo! It would be a waste of what would be an otherwise good experience. 
I ordered the bowl of Red Beans and Rice to go with my gumbo - the RB&R did not disappoint. There were some things they could have done to make it stand out more - (celery, peppers & onions maybe?) but the sausage was very good, and so were the beans. Additionally, to their credit, they didn't overload it with rice, and the rice wasn't dried out, which happens at a lot of restaurants that serve rice. 
Service was...well, okay. There was one bartender serving what looked to be the bar and a number of other tables, with help from expediters. 
I probably shouldn't post this, because servers/bartenders that have too much territory to cover make mistakes. But, sometimes they make these mistakes "accidentally on purpose" hoping for a bigger tip. I have NO idea which case this was: but she brought me the cookie that I asked for (not a very good cookie, by the way - pretty stale, but I ate that at the hotel later) and didn't charge me for it, initially. I had to remind her about it. A lot of people would ignore this and tip the $2 that they saved, but that's robbing everyone that eats there after you do - if the place stays in business. No restaurant is in the business of giving food away. If they screw up, or it's no good - that's different! They need to know so they can adapt and improve. But not ringing a guest up, that's kind of close to theft, but it's hard to say that, because it could be an accident. 
I would come back - I just won't get the cookie or the gumbo.Was a little iffy at first... seemed like an average fast food joint... WRONG!! This place is very good. We had the charbroiled oysters which my 7 year old daughter loved. They were fantastic. The thin catfish and fried shrimp were cooked really well. The misses got the strawberry fields salad and loved it. Kids enjoyed their burger and tenders and especially the ice cream !!! Please check this place out. Not only good food but the service is really good as well !!!!!Glad we have something like this in New Orleans east. Hope more to come .   I ordered thin fried catfish which I agree with other reviewer very thin. Not much meat.   But clean and nice menu.  But pleasantly surprised by the charbroiled oysters.  Pricey but I ordered 6 which was 11.99.   Thinking not going to be very good I'm sure.  But they were some of the best I ever ate. OMG. Saucy cheesy and flavorful.  Delicious.  Was sorry I didn't order dozen.  Who would have thought. With delicious French bread slices.  As I said a Lil pricey but I love them  definitely go back for that and ice cream of course.Holy Smokes that was a good Hamburger. The Big Ch-Easy to be exact was off the charts. The only thing I would do different next time is to make sure I order it with grilled onions. The size of the onions alone requires it to be so. I ordered it Medium Well and it was perfectly done. In case your wondering why only 4 Stars were given it was because of the size of the 2 slices of onions that were on the Burger. They were so big that they should have grilled them on General Principal. That may be my fault, but it was my first time ordering and I didn't know. So in all fairness I'll go back in the next the next week or so to order the meal again. Yes it was that good, I just took the Onions off the Burger. The fries as usual were off the charts, especially when you dip them in the Garlic sauce. I mean a shoe would pass as a meal if eaten with this sauce. No doubt I'll be back.I love this place being one of the establishments in new orleans east that gives it a great place to get a good meal.. my family mostly do take out, but have dine in on occasions.. 
In the last two weeks I have fell in live with the asian cajun salad ( which may be wrong) my husband is who normally orders.. I love a good salad, and this is a great one..I am very picky when it comes to dressings,  I know this about myself, so I always do half and half to be on the safe side. But I instantly love this dressing, on top of the candid pecans and peppers.. great salad.
So tonight, I was really disappointed in the what I received tonight.. my husbands was perfect,, i Just missed the taste of the pecans.. 
I will still order it.Three of us came in together for a late lunch.  One of my friends received his meal 12 minutes before the rest of us.  On top of that, a piece of metal from the friar basket was lodged in one of my friends onion rings. No refund offered.As soon as I walked in I was like oh this looks like just a regular fast food place nothing special, I ordered the Crab & Eggplant stack and waited patiently.
When the food came out I was like wow this looks good and it tasted even better.
If you are passing by and want to stop for a quick bite off I-10 this is an excellent choice.
The place is clean, staff friendly and food is delicious.I wasn't expecting all the love from the community. I always ate at the chains on Manhattan and St Charles. I hope they keep the drive thru and the same amenities as the others. I am eager to try their coffee. I really like the Octavia club, oysters, potato soup and chicken ceaser salad. Nice bar with 2 flatscreens. This is what the rural/burbs need. 
Great job Paul and the orher owners.Delicious food! Stopped here on our way to Florida we enjoyed everything! So many items to chose from on the menu. Service was great too!If I could give this place 0 stars right now I would! I've called 7 times! My husband went by the restaurant to see that it's not even packed! Hardly any cars there and they don't close until 10pm. I called at 8:30! Ridiculous that workers decide when they want to answer the phone. Management needs to do something fast or this restaurant will be downhill. This is the New Orleans east location off of I-10 Service Road.Stopped here for dinner because it was really close to our hotel.
The customer service wasn't the best. No greeting, no thank you, just what are you going to order and that's it. Our "server" came over and introduced herself,  but I didn't understand her because she mumbled. All she did was bring us our food, literally. 
The food was good. I ordered a burger with pepper jack cheese, mushrooms, and grilled onions and my husband ordered an all American burger. The burgers come with really good potato wedges. The only thing I didn't like was that the garlic herb sauce was drizzled over the wedges instead of them being tossed, which would've made it more evenly spread out. Other than that the food was good.
The place itself appeared clean, we didn't use the bathrooms so I don't know what those looked like.If you're looking for a good place to grab a quick lunch with some friends, this is the place to go. The menu contains a variety of foods. I recommend the burgers and onion rings! Either way, you won't be disappointed.I'm by no means an expert on po boys, but the one I got here (while overpriced, $17 for fried oyster) was full of meat and delicious. The fries are exceptional as well. As mentioned by others you can't beat a free ice cream with your meal - soft serve or not, it's nice! We stopped back on the am for beignets and cafe au lait. They were both very good in fact the cafe au lait was one of the best I've had. I was really surprised by that.Service was awesome the food was good the turtle soup was good it was a 1st time for me however everything else was good but not anything specialI have always had amazing food here but the service has really gone down. Every time I try to call to place a to-go order (not a one time deal, this happens every time I call- at least biweekly due to date night), the phone is not working so I have to wait in the drive thru. Ok...except tonight when I pulled in the young man literally said, "What's your order?" No greeting of any sort, just straight to the point. I really like to frequent my New Orleans East businesses as I grew up in this neighborhood and am raising my kids in my same subdivision but if this continues to be the trend with this business, I will no longer be a customer. I hope management sees this message and fixes the phone issue and addresses customer service as a whole. I don't come here as often anymore because of these issues.The hotel front desk referred this place to us. There weren't many people, so I was a little worried, but we were pleasantly surprised. The menu had quite a large variety of items. We tried the thin catfish and shrimp platter and a simple chicken tender with fries plate. It was really good. Then the 44 from special was a large strong drink with a sweet delightful taste. Stephanie brought us our food and was super friendly. She answers questions about the area and a great server. It good food fast. The complimentary ice cream and coffee-bonus!Having eaten at the famous and very expensive Antoine's as well as other restaurants in the French Qrtr,  I can say this place blows those places out of the water!!!  The service is top-notch as the gal at the counter who took our orders was very fun and attentive, and she recommended some great selections for us...and, you can save $$ as you don't have to feel pressured to tip or to tip much since you seat yourself here.  
The gumbo beats any gumbo I have ever had in this city!!  The po' boys are much bigger than anything I have had before.  As far as getting your fill on Louisiana cuisine, they have it all here from fried green tomatoes, to fried catfish and shrimp, crabcakes, and gumbo, to interesting po'boys, etc. 
The food is more than scrumptious and you get plenty of it here.  It is definitely the best bang for the buck if you want to try authentic New Orleans/ Louisiana fare.  
Get out of the French Quarter to get bigger portions at better prices and give this place a try!!!What a pleasant surprise! Just looking for lunch passing through & ended up here after passing up another joint. Sure you can get a burger...but why when you could get a po boy or red beans & rice! The red beans & rice was amazing - great flavor & more than I could finish. The thin fries catfish po boy had to be a foot long. The breading has fantastic flavor. & the charbroiled oysters were stupid good. Again - the flavoring was perfect. Everyone there was so pleasant & the service was quick. Sorry - was too hungry to get a pic!Boooooring food. Everything is just deep fried seafood. 
The wait staff never came around to check on us. 
The floors were slippery - be careful don't break a hip in there.Where to start cashier didn't know how to work the register instead of asking for help she just keep us standing for 20 mins charbroiled oysters was horrible soda drink machine was all watery seafood platter was ok a best didn't get my drink to go with that until after I finished my food please avoid this place at this location by any means necessary they could've left the shoney's hereDrive through service offered during Covid-19 quarantine. Gumbo + Shrimp po boy + hush puppies are done to perfection! It's a bit of a wait, but not unreasonable. Bring a book, enjoy some music, listen to your favorite podcasts. No need to get out for take out and get exposed to the public--stay safely in your car, wear a mask and gloves and then when you get home just wash your hands, plate all of your food, throw out any packaging, and wash your hands again to be extra safe.Very dissatisfied with the lack of service I received here today. I decided to call my order in and pick it up. Initially the line was busy, I waited and called back. When I called back a lady answered and placed me on hold. I was on hold so long, that I decided to drive to the restaurant. The service inside wasn't any better.  I did speak with an employee in drive thru and expressed my frustrations. Now I'm driving 25 mins away from my home to another location because the service in Elmwood is ALWAYS great. I won't bother visiting this location again and I advise you not to either. Save yourself the headacheOur food was good the portions was smaller than usual. Donrell customer service was excellent.  We will be back because of the service that we receive.I watched two servers clean tables, sweep, pick up trash from the floor wearing blue gloves at the veterans location. Very impressive, until they made drinks for customers, made ice cream, and rolled utensils with the same dirty gloves. The cashier handled money, and credit cards with blue gloves on, then rolled utensils with the server using the same gloves. I'm not sure that I understand how the practice is sanitary? I'm also not sure how the manager allows this type of practice. Perhaps if they were on the floor more, they would be in tune with what's going on.  
The kitchen staff actually served the food without gloves.  This entire experience makes me question the cleanliness of the kitchen, and the sanitary handling of the food.My friend picked this place. Said she heard a lot of good things about it. Burgers are usually always safe. I got the rajun Cajun and it's literally just a burger with original hot sauce all over it. The cheese must have been shredded cheese cos it was just in globs everywhere. I subbed the fries for onion rings and those onion rings are delicious. The size of the burger is big as well. Definitely filling but I didn't find anything too special about it. Interestingly they have a full bar inside.Well it would appear when they say 9:30 pm they mean 9:30pm and not 9:32pm. Walked up to the counter at exactly 9:32 pm and was told work a smile, "We're closed". But I walked in the door without a lock on it and it's 9:32. I could even argue that my watch was 2 minutes fast. Needless to say I left hungry and without that Hamburger that I used to like so much. Hint, hint. From 4 Stars to 2 stars in less than 2 minutes. Impressive.It's ok. Better than the fast food places but a little pricey, and no gluten free options.Seriously amazing food! I absolutely loved the garlic herb fries, and the burger was both massive and tasty. Visited from Texas, and I wish I lived closer so I could go often.Wonderful gem of a place I found to eat! The spices and flavor were great. They give you a good quantity of food as well.This was the first restaurant that my wife and I came to when we went on our honeymoon to New Orleans and I have got to say that this is the place to go if you're in the area! The service was incredible and the servers were so nice. The food was beyond compare to anything I've had. If you want great confort food and good service come to New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood. Try the Alligator Bites. They're outta this world! Free icecream if you order from the kids menu or the beverage bar. You won't be disappointed.It really broke my heart to give this place a bad review but when a car is at the window for 39 minutes holding up the drive thru for me to be told they changed their order but weren't asked to go to the back of the line it's ridiculous. It's already Covid-19 season so I'm not going inside but this drive thru took no less than 45 minutes to get it together. Hire some help or learn to say no to people starting a different order after their food is ready. 
RidiculousThe food here is really good.love everything here. Had the fried shrimp & fish platter it was all good  & their burgers are mouth watering.If you want a good, quick lunch in The East, NHS is the place to go. 
New Orleans East is one of the most interesting areas in the city. I often find myself there and have noticed that despite the large population, good dining options are somewhat scarce. I usually stick with Duong Phong or Vucinivich, but on a recent Sunday I needed a quick meal with a coworker who was not as adventurous as I am. We found ourselves across the street from this location so it was if fate made the decision for us. 
There was a slight line at the ordering counter when we arrived. Sunday seems to be pretty busy but I was able to order and seat myself quickly. I wanted something very simple so I ordered their one layer club sandwich and fries. 
The restaurant was clean and new. It appeared to be a repurposed Shoney's so the layout should be familiar to anyone who's experienced a never ending buffet of eggs with liquid cheese for breakfast. My one complaint about the restaurant itself was the floor around the drink machine. For some reason it was slick where my feet would slide apart from one another while standing there. I saw several people sliding so it wasn't just me. 
My food was delivered in a few short minutes to my table and it was good. I love club sandwiches and have never seen one without three slices of bread. The version here was so good that the missing bread wasn't missed at all. In fact, this may be sacrilege but they may have discovered something revolutionary here. Club sandwiches with only two pieces of bread rule!
I predict I'll dine here again very soon. If you live, or work in The East, or just want a quick meal passing through, I think you'll like it here.Not really impressed, with the food at this location. The West Bank food is way better.When going to anything in the East, you second guess yourself because it's in "the East". But I must say the restaurant was clean. Table was spaced apart to insure our safety with is virus. I actually walked in and was surprised at how clean it was
One things can be changed. Like for one, they really brought out 1 plate at a time. We had a party of about 10. But we all ordered on different tickets. We had multiple orders on each ticket and they were literally bringing out 1 plate at a time. Some people at our table was getting there food after others that had been ordered. Then the waiter is gonna ask if we all had our food by now. NO, we're still missing 2 orders from 2 different tickets. Had you kept everything together and not just bring plate out at a time then you'll know what's missing and what's here.
The food was good, but bout time it came to the table I got full of my daiquiri and starter.Nice clean location. The service was very nice & informative. The food arrived fast and was hot too. I had the crawfish queso with I'll pass on next time there were very little crawfish In the queso. I also had the shrimp tacos w garlic fries that was great and the fries didn't disappoint. Last I had the free ice cream which is always a winner in my book. I would visit this location again.The only reason this isn't a 5 because the part of town was a bit sketchy. I was a little nervous going there by myself. But once I got in, I felt safe. The food was amazing. The seafood was everything. My fries were perfect. My food was good. They have plugs to charge your ever dying iPhones right next to tables. I will go back when I visit. It was yummo!!!I brought 2 dozen of grilled charbroiled oyster here at this location. I was disappointed when I brought it home. My oyster is so dry, it was horrible. They over cook these oyster. Worst place I have eaten grill oyster. Never come here again.Dropped by this place on our way to Mississippi. I had fried catfish with fries and gumbo all four just $9.99. Great value, great taste. Customer service is wonderful. We appreciate Denise's southern hospitality!Excellent onion rings, reminds me of Popeyes, back in the day, good size portions definitely worth the driveNOHS specializes in fried seafood and pub fair style burgers. They do to-go, counter service, or drive-thru. They also have ice cream and other treats such as alligator bites.  Full bar is available, but limited selection of beer and wine. Service is very fast and friendly. There's more than enough TV and a few video gaming machines available. 
I have no complaints about the food that we order, which was all very good. I'll definitely dine there again.Where to begin......sigh.....the food was cold, we had no utensils, no napkins, even tho we dined in. I ordered a fish sandwich.....tasted good but super cold. The staff never came back to see if we needed anything. Like....y'all empty....how can everything be cold???....omg....shudda went to Waffle HouseSecond time here..this location is fast, clean & very customer friendly. Welcome to New Orleans East & glad to have you part of the community! The burgers could be thicker for the price, but overall they taste better than any fast food burger on the market IMO. The fries really compliment the burger and their charbroiled oysters are a great appetizerFinnaly a restaurant in New Orleans East and its great! Great service and great food! The wait can sometimes be a bit long on busy days or during the Lenten season but the food is always fresh and my order has never been incorrect. My faves are the thick catfish platter and gumbo. 
I've only been through the drive thru once but it was a typical restaurant-type drive thru. A semi-long wait which i would expect but the service is good. I would recommend the drive thru for small/ appetizer orders. The beignets are great as well if you cant get to Cafe du Monde. And to keep with tradition, there's free soft serve ice cream!!!
The restaurant is spacious with a nice sized bar with big flat screens. Great for game day!Wasn't sure what to expect even after reading the reviews...
I ordered a combo platter...thin fried catfish and fried shrimp. It comes with hush puppies, Cole slaw, and French fries. Pulled up to the drive through window and could see on the Inside....CLEAN... even better 
It took about 10 minutes for my order...everything is cooked to order so I can't complain. Means that I'm going to be getting a fresh batch if food.
Catfish...seasoned really good 
Shrimp...was flavorful 
Fries...fresh 
Hush puppies..really good 
This place is good for a quick fix and it hit the spot