My daughter and I are always ready for some chicken and waffles. I watched Nice Guys NOLA instagram page for weeks and decided it was time.  We walked in and asked to be seated outside.  The staff was incredible.  Our waitress was really nice and funny. She had us cracking up the whole time. Even the security guard was cool. He chatted and joked with us.  My daughter said these were the best chicken and waffles she's ever had. The dish is served with a side of fresh fruit.  The waffles were good but the chicken was the star of the show. The chicken was seasoned to perfection.I loved the food at this place. The DJ is too loud and we missed the communication that it was brunch and no Oysters. 
They are enforcing the Covid guidelines and are extremely strict about mask and spacing. My first time visiting and I will be back. The food was amazing. 
For our first girls outing it was a great choice.  Service was great and the manager was out and about making sure the customers were good.  
A nice touch outside was the tent to protect you from the weather while you have to wait outside. 
Oh and the bun with the stamp was cute!!Very delicious food and drinks! The atmosphere and vibe is also nice. I will definitely be recommending for a place for happy hour or if someone wants some seasoned food. Staff is also helpful and pleasant!This restaurant was family owned.  The vibe was nice. The food was good.  The charbroiled oysters were really good.5 stars!! I saw this on instagram and I had to try it and it's delicious  It taste how it looks. The banana white chocolate bread putting with praline sauce is heavenly. The service was exceptional and the people was really friendly. I will at this on my must try list for everyone to try.This was such a cute place with some of the bestttt seasoned Louisiana brunch food!
I really wish they took reservations because it was a 45minute wait and we arrived at 11:30am. The place opens at 11am so come early to be seated.
Although I hate waiting they had an outdoor seating area with an really cool playlist that had us grooving until our table was called 
I gave the restaurant 4 stars due to the wait & the limited vegetarian options. Please Please Please make more options for us veggies. The  waffle was amazing thooo and theeee cutest! I ended up eating some grits from my cousins plate to finally try seafood broth grits but I think it was a bit overwhelming for my stomach (6years vegetarian).
The mimosas were lit and bottomless!!!  There's a $1.25 or $1.50 for strawberry mimosas 
#blackownedbusinessEverything is good!! And I mean everything from appetizers to main course meals. Best ciroc wings o ever had. I had the gumbo and fish also. Damn good!!!I've been following this establishment for a while via Instagram. Always wanted to try it. If we all know we have been hit hard by hurricane Ida so food/restaurants are very limited. When I saw that they was open, I said now would be a good time to try them. Upon me walking in it was very dark. Only the workers was in the restaurant. I was greeted with warm welcomings. Placed my order and than waited outside. Food was delicious however my ONLY COMPLAINT is that I HATE the lemon taste on seafood. Now my first thought was some people use lemon when the seafood is about to go bad. Which I'm not saying it was bad. I'm alive to write this review so I'm good. That's the only reason it didn't get a 5star. But other than that I will definitely try this restaurant again once it's fully operational.Went here for brunch recently and I really enjoyed the experience! The food is amazing - those breakfast potatoes SMACK!!! I liked the calming atmosphere, nice service, and tasty drinks. Overall really nice experience.The service here was terrible. We didn't even get a chance to eat.  They had two servers and kept coming up with reasons why they couldn't seat us. The service with the red hair was extremely rude and made us feel unwelcomed.  Needless to say we decided not to eat there because of it.They restaurant is doing a good job at keeping customers save with the distance in between tables, masks being provided upon entrance and hand sanitizer. The menu is available through a QR code. Brownie points for that!
Wait staff was average, and so was the food. I had the chargrilled oysters, which came out quickly and HOT. They were good, but not the best in the city. 
The chicken sandwich was just okay. The chicken was a bit tough and I wondered why it was so thin. It was a bit dried out. The toppings were fresh though. There condiments aren't on the table, and you have to ask flour it separately. As a safety measure, they bring it in small condiment dipping cups. The best part of the meal was the sweet potato fries! Those were excellent!I made an yelp just to review this spot.... I mean if you're looking for good food this is the place for you, but when it comes to experience I would not recommend. The waitress I had was very unorganized and not knowledgeable about the menu at all. When I walked in there was a sign that says to "please wait to be seated" and oh did I wait... it looked like the hostess was eating when I arrived and was still chewing as she greeted me. I mean come on now. I'm rating nice guys 2 stars solely based off of experience, the food and drinks were great!I absolutely love supporting black owned businesses! This one will not disappoint you! My sister & I visited last week. The staff wear mask & mask are required upon entry. The strawberry lemonade is really good. I'd already picked out my meal prior to arriving (lol). I ordered the hot sausage & crawfish quesadilla, seafood bread, & cheese fries. My sister ordered the chicken & hot sausage quesadilla. Everything was delicious! I ordered a quesadilla to go for my mom & she loved it. Will definitely be back to try more! I was eyeing the peach cobbler cake but was too full to order. Definitely will save room for next time!Nice time at Nice Guys. Good food with great service. We had a pretty large party & they were able to accommodated us. I had a fried shrimp on bun. I love how they brand all their buns with "NG". Cute surprise. My shrimp were large, seasoned to perfection & crispy. They have good fries as well. I tasted my friend's spinach dip, YUMMY!!!  Everyone at our table enjoyed their food, I didn't hear one bad thing. Our server was attentive & a sweet lady. Southern hospitality at its finest. The restaurant closes at 3pm & reopens at 4pm. I'm so glad we were on time because there were a lot of people there ready to eat.I came here with my boyfriend after seeing on Twitter that they are a black owned restaurant and they were having a 4th of July special with 50 cents wings. Boyfriend ordered wings and side order of fries and I ordered the crawfish pasta.
The great:
Their food is excellent. Everything tasted super good. Tbh I wanted to be able to give them 5 stars just based off the food. The peach Bellini daiquiri was good too.
The bad:
We got there around 5:30. According to the receipt, server put our food in at 5:37. Boyfriend got his wings but no sign of the fries or my pasta. We ate a few wings and waited still no sign of pasta or fries. Our server asked if we were good and we said we are waiting on the pasta and fries. She didn't realize he ordered fries so she was going to put that in and my pasta should be out shortly. By like 6, you see the chef outside just akikiking it with the servers. I usually wouldn't mind but my food not out sir. Around the same time, an employee got an order of pasta. I didn't notice at that time but my boyfriend heard and saw the chef give the employee the pasta. My pasta didn't come out until 6:19 pm. At this point, I didn't even want to eat. I had to wait almost an hour for pasta when there was only one other table of 2 in the restaurant AND an employee got the same food I ordered before me. Boyfriend's fries didn't come out until 6:26 pm. Usually when a restaurant is busy, this is excusable. It was barely anyone in there.I really wish I could give this place ZERO stars. POOR SERVICE, TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT, NOTHING was actually worth the prices I could go on && on . Prices were way too high for service to be so poor . So we get there at 10 , they closed at 11 . The drinks were $4 && watery . All the utensils were plastic but that's just the tip of the iceberg . My husband ordered crabcakeS for his appetizer, emphasis on the multiple crabcakes because that's what the menu said ... he got ONE crab cake for $15 ... we tried to brush that off and just continue with our dinner . We both ordered a pasta off the specials menu . 15 mins after we ordered they tell us they are out of what we ordered so we must choose something else so we went with something simple . I ordered a burger && my husband ordered nachos . My burger was okay but my husband's $15 nacho arrived at our table with only meat && cheese on top while the menu promised jalape単os , pico de Gallo , sour cream all basic condiments . We tell our waitress that his order isn't complete && their response was " we ran out , that's what happens when you come so late " the OWNER'S response was either eat the nachos as is or don't && we'll take them off the bill . My husband denied the nachos since he felt he wasn't getting what he was paying for . But the waitress argued with us && the owner did nothing to appease the situation . All while %18 service fee was automatically charged to our bill . They had no interest in making it right && we won't be back again . 0 out of 10 do not recommend .Over priced wings. Taste good but price doesn't match the ambience. We sat at an extremely tilted picnic table that appeared dirty but may have been cleaned, stains just can't be removed. Not really the place for me.Love this place! Amazing vibes. The food is also amazing. The service is pretty great as well. One waitress, Hannah, was very nice during my visit! Will definitely be back.The food was great! The seafood bread was AMAZING! I also had the drunken wings & fries. I couldn't really taste the alcohol on them honestly, but they were still good. The staff was nice and friendly. Quick to fix any issues that we had. Would def recommend.It's me again lol! Today was very rainy but I could not pass up an opportunity for Sunday brunch, so I placed a to-go order. This time I had the chicken and waffles and the  seafood omelette. Both were phenomenal!! The chicken was seasoned perfectly; it was super flavorful and reminded me of my rural GA roots. The waffle was super cute and was good also. Highly recommend! As for the omelette, again, Nice Guys has a way of making the perfectly textured egg. It's a gift like none other. Also, the accompanying garlic butter flavored potatoes were a star in the show once again. If you have not gone here for brunch, you are greatly missing out.08/03/20
Food was pretty good , foot music. It was good to see that their health score was at 97. Only things that were concerning thing was no employees were wearing their mask completely on.Had a great visit here. 
The salmon was slamming! They also have a mean surf & turf. The music and drinks are really good as well. 
Kudos to this nola native for bringing a great spot - not 'hot spot' during covid --to the NO!Best Food Better Service !
While driving From Florida to Houston we made a stop in New Orleans just to try nice guys ! We saw it on IG and feel in love! They were really busy but we got seated right away the food was amazing we had the chicken & waffles & stuffed lobster EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS!! Worth every dollar! Can't wait to go backThis was my first time going to Nice Guys. I first found out about them on my explore page on Instagram, and was excited to try it out. I ordered the Lobster and Shrimp Alfredo. The pasta was AMAZING! I just wish the pasta had a little more seasoning. I definitely will be coming back to try more!This place has been on my bucket list ever since moving to NOLA. Today, I finally had the chance to visit! For starters, the location is not ideal as far as parking, but the restaurant is worth the hassle of walking half a mile on a busy night. As for COVID guidelines, the host takes temperatures at the door although the space does not permit very much distanced seating. They have an everyday menu as well as a daily special menu-- if you are looking for a particular item, be sure that it is available on the day you choose to go. Friday's options were not exactly what we were aiming for, however we made it work.
Appetizers: seafood bread, and oysters-- they were both great
Entrees: Mardi Gras Mambo Gumbo and Cajun Nachos-- they were both good, but not the "OMG THIS IS THE BEST FOOD EVER" as we'd expected. 
Overall, a cool experience with cultured music. I'd definitely return!For my first time in NOLA  , this was my first stop and they didn't come to play . I not a fan of trying new things but I did here . I tried the seafood bread and I kid you not it was finger licking good . I also had the reggae burger and I love me a good burger . This place didn't disappoint at allTook my parent here for 60th more like a young spot day party. Extremely long wait. Great spot to drop in to hang. 20-30 era. Loud music and overprice food. Food is amazing but ambience isn't there more like a cafe style building not a restaurantThe menu is not like any other. Crown Peach wings is a game changer. All the food is prepared fresh and they even make cheese in house. The staff is super friendly and the drinks are good and cold. It's a must try!Soooo glad we made it here! First we sat outside because Covid and two they were at capacity. We preferred outside and they have heaters! Started with drinks so far so good! Servers were so kind and friendly! 
FYI brunch is until 3 on Saturday and all day Sunday. We must come back for dinner and they stay open late; 11pm so we will be back!
Bae got lobster I got pork chops. I will say the lobster was worth every DOLLAR!!! Pork chop was fairly priced was not blown away but ate it with no complaints... 
Will be back and you should come. 
Wear your mask and hand sanitizer it's still a pandemic. Tip 30% they risking their lives for you to eat and drink!
Black lives and businesses matter!Visited this place for the first time Saturday and was not disappointed. From the cosy atmosphere to the chargrilled oyster bread this little spot is not to be missed. It's on a Main Street so parking can be a challenge but don't let that deter you from
 Discovering this hidden little gem.I went to New Orleans for my Birthday ( April 5th -8 2021) and I knew this was going to be one of the places I would go to especially since I started following nice guys on Instagram. When me and my friend arrive the waitress had a attitude. So I let it slide. Her attitude was so bad that she didn't even sit us. She pointed to a table and told us to sit there. When we got to the table, we started to check out the menu. I already knew what I wanted. Another waitress came over and she introduces herself to us and she took our orders. She was OK. Way better than the other waitress. I ordered a frozen strawberry margarita. It tasted like juice. Barely any alcohol in it. My friend loved her drink. Then the food comes out. I have to admit the food was good. I had the loaded spinach dip with some wings. My friend also ordered some wings from them as well and she loved it. I do plan on visiting New Orleans again and I will make sure we NEVER visit this place again. The experience could have been way better. Now I know.So GREAT we went 2 days in a row. Would've gone 3 if I didn't have to catch a flight! Now I'm originally from Nola so I know how Nola food is supposed to taste and I must say Nice Guys exceeded my expectations! I had a taste of the following and EVERYTHING was well seasoned, hot and fresh out the kitchen with a professional presentation:  Gumbo, French Toast, Chicken & Waffles, Shrimp n Grits w/lobster tail, seafood bread, crown peach wings, mango habanero wings, French fries, chicken sandwich, spinach & artichoke dip and hot sausage and crawfish quesadillas.  I almost forgot the drinks- bottomless mimosas and cotton candy champagne so so good! The place was super clean. Our server Vicky (both days cause she's awesome) was amazing with professionalism, prompt service and great suggestions. We will be back! When your in NOLA, don't hesitate and make Nice Guys your first and last stop!This is my spot! I love nice guys i go all the time! The specials are my absolute favorite! Especially them red beans on Monday. I definitely recommend if you want the big portions, good music, & all the vibes. Everyone was friendly & they are not playing about that mask baby!!! They were turning people who wouldn't wear one away. Which made me feel protected along with temp checks and sanitizing! Will definitely be back! 
Also they accommodated my dairy allergy and my food came out swiftly! This is my kind of restaurant!YALL THEY WRONG FOR THIS!  I heard about this place from some friends and ......First let me say the food is awesome. While there the owner came out with this salmon/shrimp dish that (let me say he was wrong for that). Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.  The atmosphere was professional, and gave you that " I could come here all the time" feeling.  Service was 5star! If you want good food, good drinks, good service and no drama.....this is it.  Did I say it's Black owned from the front door to the kitchen. Support this establishment.  Oh yeah, those dam charbroiled oysters and the oyster bread. Heck I a still here eating these dam drunken wings.Food is amazing, every time! I always order the Shrimp & Grits w/Lobster, soooo good!The food was good but I did not like that they only sell seafood in Friday's. Also did not like that we couldn't split the tab. Waitress was good tho.Food was great! Took the waitress a while to come to my table initially but after that she was pretty attentive. It was Sunday around 11 so we were worried about a wait but there was none. Music was A1 and bottomless mimosas really were bottomless!I have no complaints,Everything our group ordered was amazing. Bella was our hostess & she was really,Patient,friendly & easy to work with. Customer service was Great,which is a plus. The food was Great & more than enough. All of our taste buds were Very Pleased.There is a slight wait as we went on a Saturday. It was kinda cold out so I ask 3 times to turn on the outside heat system (never happened). The restroom was ask to give attention BUT no one ever attended to it (Fifty dirty) . Our server Sydney was very pleasant and helpful with suggestions. The food time was sorta long, not seasoned as expected to say I'm in Nola (home of the Good Eating) , but the portion sizes were good. We had to add salt and pepper to Everything!!! The drunken wings weren't so drunken (mango habanero) didn't taste any mango or tequila , over cooked to me. Chargrilled oysters were delicious. Seafood bread was perfect (I don't like burnt bread). Salmon and pasta needed CREOLE SEASONING. The quantity of the food was Great the quality could have been Better. Overall I would suggest to each it's own liking. I would still support black owned businesses but would recommend to put the extra spark we all would like to see done.Food and drinks were great. The atmosphere is really nice. They play music and have multiple TVs playing sports. They also have outside seating available. It took a minute for our waitress to come but once she arrived she was great. The drinks are strong and you will def get your monies worth!I recently dined here after wanting to try it for a while and it was pretty good. 
I ordered the lobster shrimp and grits and a strawberry mimosa. The food did not disappoint. I expected the food to be good honestly. 
My complaint and is that our waitress was not good. Did not pay much attention to our table. If I wanted to order something I had to waive to get her attention because she never came to our table. The 3 star rating is for the horrible service. 
They have 18% gratuity for all checks. The waitresses are probably terrible because they know they are getting a tip regardless.I went here on a brunch date. The food was great including the taste and presentation. Our server was sweet. I'm leaving 3/5 stars because the food seemed a little over priced. The "bottomless  mimosas" for $19 per person a table are in fact NOT BOTTOMLESS. We finished 4 mimosas before being asked if we are ready for the check. I replied with "no, we're going to drink a few more "  
(I at least wanted my $40 worth of bottomless mimosas for my date and me) my server told me there is suppose to be a limit of 6 mimosas per "Bottomless" . Blew my freaking mind. $20 per person for mimosas, we barely caught a buzz, AND A CORAL is NOT placed on the table for self service. The table has to rely on the server to notice your empty glass and refill which can be hit or miss. Overall food experience was great. I don't think it was worth $93(not including tip). 
Will not be going back.You can't go wrong eating at Nice Guys! The food is amazing and the service is even better. Everyone is nice and caters to your needs. They are normally busy but definitely worth the wait! 
See you guys soon!Finally found my go-to spot in New Orleans! Great vibes & amazing food!! I will be back!The drinks are horrible! Cheaply made and watered down. They ran out of pasta in the middle of the day. They management is terrible as well. 0/10 would not recommend.I wanted to patronize black business during the pandemic, but I must admit I was not impressed with my order last night August 7th, 2020.  The fries were very greasy and soggy and my wings had no taste to my palet. My order was the 6p-Tequilla Mango Habanero w/fries. VERY DISAPPOINTED  
2 STAR rating:the young lady that took my phone order and did my curbside delivery had good customer service!
Not sure if I'll try this place again.Great online photos, however the food is overrated and over priced. At time of my visit, they seemed understaffed so service was slow. The food, looked nothing like advertised and tasted decent. However, the restaurant did adhere to cdc social distancing guidelines.For the few times I've been, food has been pretty good. What i will say is the service is not very great. Waiting 5+ minutes to be acknowledged by the host is unacceptable. Once being seated and waiting another 10 minutes, a server literally told me "Y'all server came? I think I'm y'all server, i be right back". The managers were sitting at the bar while tables were needing service. I feel that if 18% gratuity is automatically added to the bill, please make sure the servers are working towards it.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! One of the best brunch places in NOLA. The music, vibes, and food were on point. The owners are always super nice as well. I definitely recommend going here for happy hour too. They have a lot of deals during the week but make sure to get reservations for brunch because this place is always busyDrove down for the weekend from Dallas. This was our 2nd time here and let me just say.. the service is amazing. Very receptive when you walk in, hostesses always smiling and attentive. We had the Saturday special for Halloween and let me just say it was amazing.
Definitely...our new favorite place to each..Had the Seafood bread................I left went home and came back for one to go. Delicious. Very professional and friendly. 
I am sooooo fullThe food was okay. I think it was hyped a little more than it really is. I ordered the shrimp and grits topped with catfish. The shrimp and grits were good... nothing spectacular. The catfish tasted too "fishy" to me. I can appreciate fresh fish, but this left an unpleasant after taste on my palette. The pancakes were okay. Just pancakes. I guess you have to order the specialty pancakes to get something memorable. The service was good... which it should have been since they automatically charge you 18% gratuity. The COViD precautions are good. They make you sign in for contact tracing, but have a pen for everyone to touch. I used my own pen. The inside of the restaurant is set-up for social distancing. However, the outside area for those waiting on a table is another story. Luckily I went within the first 30 minutes of them opening, so no waiting. However, on the way out, I had to walk through a tent filled with folks not wearing masks and not socially distanced. I will probably return and order something different to see if my mind changes. But it is worth a try for those who have never been here. I would recommend getting there early or you will be waiting!The food was good but definitely does not look as good as the food on their IG. I probably would only do take out for now on because the wait to be seated or seen by a waitress takes time. Waiting staff definitely needs to be trained. We were sitting for at least 30 minutes before a waitress came to see us and it wasn't even the waitress for our section. Other than that food was good.  But unfortunately everything else surrounding it needs lots of work.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!! Decided to spend my Saturday night supporting a black owned restaurant and was totally disappointed!  We walked in and was not greeted by any Staff.  So we sat ourselves at a table and waited....and waited....and waited.  15 minutes and NO ONE acknowledged us.  Staff were consistently walking by and we were ignored.  Finally we got discouraged and left.  How rude!  I then went on their Instagram Account to leave a comment about our experience, hoping Management would see the review and at least apologize for how we were treated.  But they decided to stay on brand and ADD to the disrespect by deleting the comment and all the likes!  Apparently they had a lot of people agree with my experience.  So to wrap this up... all that glitters isn't good.  Don't be fooled by the photos of food and drinks... they won't treat you as a paying patron and you will be totally ignored and disrespected.  Try Morrows or Neyos.... the customer service at these black restaurants is stellar!When I say I enjoyed my time at Nice Guys I genuinely mean it. Yes there is gonna be a wait this is a popular spot. But Brunch was tasty minus the syrup for the waffle. The regular food was amazing favorite thing was tacos. There fried chicken is actually good and crunchy. The bucket is full and tasty.Completely unprofessional. I visited this establishment twice. The first I enjoyed myself and the second time I was completely disappointed. One of the servers actively did not wear a mask, the food was salty and the automatic 18% felt like the servers didn't have to be attentive. I never mind tipping however, I do believe it's based off of your attentiveness and your ability to tend to your patrons as an employee of the business. I would've love to come back and even with being understanding and non confrontational wasn't enough. Like I said the space is hit and miss and if something happens do not expect the staff to take accountability or assist you.A group of 13 of us came in to celebrate a friends birthday. The service was on point and we really appreciated them accommodating us. We ordered a variety of items from the list, all of which were good. The only issue I had was that my food came out cold - they handled it right away and I was satisfied with the dish when it returned. I would definitely return - especially for the $19 bottomless - which is cheap compared to Atlanta.A must!! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the service is honestly top tier. Victoria was an amazing server, Niya definitely played a role in bartending, hosting, etc and Allison did a phenomenal job at catering to her guests. And I didn't evenness speak about the food yet- the quesadilla was ridiculously good. Will definitely be back!It was not good from the start. Parking is tight at best even on a slow night like when we went, the place was less than half full. The service was slow at best. We waited at least 5 minutes for anyone to even notice us. Only one of us received the water we asked for and our drink order was later getting to us then the appetizer was and wrong at that. While the wings and fries we ordered were good, the oysters had little taste to them at all and again the service was extremely slow. The other person was over halfway done with her dinner before mine even got to me. The bill was the final blow, over a $100 for what amounted to bar food. Stay clear of this place. And finally, I went there for the gumbo (some of the best in town, right) and come to find out it is only served on certain nights. Wish that had been stated on their website.I'll never come to this restaurant again. We had a party of 6, I ordered WATER, everyone else at my table had actual make drinks (margaritas, daiquiri..) I received my water 5 mins after everyone else. No problem..looked pass this and proceeded to order BEFORE EVERYONE ELSE. I ordered only 6 wings. 15 mins later she comes back and take everyone else order. Long story short, EVERYONE ELSE at the table received App and dinner  and finished eating before I received the WRONG ORDER of wings. With no apology or anything. Never again!My boyfriend and I decided to give Nice Guys a shot after getting a few recommendations. The sweet tea wasn't the sweetest although the waitress did add peach flavoring when requested. We ordered the Seafood bread which was three slices of bread with hardly any seafood. We both ordered the Fu-Bachi special. The garlic Parmesan wings tasted like regular wings. The Kung fu wings  were tasty with an Asian flavor. The seafood rice had a weird after taste. Overall, the food was underwhelming. The best thing here was the playlist.So I've noticed that when ordering take out during the week, the serving size is 10/10. The food is made with love and care. The waiters and hostess are friendly and on point.
However, when I dined in for the first time, the same meal [cajun nachos] that I usually would get to go, was trash. It was just nachos with an overflowing amount of cheese but no shrimp, sausage or crawfish that is typically featured. I was thoroughly disappointed.. and will be more selective on the times and days that I go moving forward. 
Also, when dining in, they don't split checks. So if someone in your crew can afford to foot a bill of several people, keep that in mind.Stopped in for lunch with my coworkers. Nice Guys Bar and Grill is a  cute and snazzy place.  I ordered the Ciroc Pineapple  Sweet and Sour Drunken Wings. It was so delicious. My coworkers ordered buffalo wings and lobster pasta. I tried a buffalo wing from my coworker, it was also very good. Unfortunately,  I didn't get a chance to try the pasta. I will be ordering that next time because it looked and smelled delicious. They have a great menu with lots of variety. 
We didn't wait long at all, maybe 10 minutes tops. The hostess was delightful.The only negative thing for me was the lack of parking (you have to get in where you fit in, on the street). Overall, I liked everything else, so I will most definitely return to this establishment.This place is amazing! The staff worked their A$$ off to provide good service.  I must warn you all this spot gets packed very fast so just know there will be  a wait! Parking is spotty as well so make sure to get here in enough time to be able to get good close parking. It looks like you can park in the neighborhood too. I ordered the Nice Guys Breakfast that had delicious Waffles, bacon/smoke sausage, eggs, and grits with a side of fruits with grapes, raspberries . It was so delicious! This spot gets really busy yall so just brace yourself for the crowd of folks that are in here.This place exceeded my expectations! We went Halloween night and were blown away with excellent service, clean atmosphere, and delicious food! You cannot go wrong with this place everything is good!!If you're reading this review to see if you should eat here, definitely EAT HERE! Put the address in your GPS and step on the gas!!! I saw this place on my Instagram from a foodie I follow. Living in a place with the best food in the country, I have a whole file dedicated to future places to eat! Nice Guy's Instagram account will have you salivating. The food did not disappoint! We ordered chargrilled oysters, 2 burgers, the jerk chicken sammich, crawfish & sausage quesadilla and nachos. Everything we had was delicious! Our friend met us there, he had ordered the quesadilla, he gave them the best compliment I think a New Orleans eatery could receive, he said "I haven't eaten anything this good in a restaurant since before Katrina" and he meant it, he's already making plans to come back this week! I ordered the jerk chicken Sammich, to die for! I cut it in half to eat, gave my husband one half to take a bite and he ate the whole 1/2 sammich! Lucky for him I loved the nachos we had so much as an appetizer, I didn't have room for the whole thing. The cheese sauce they put on their nachos is homemade and it's delish!!! Most places just use a cheese sauce out of a can and rely on the food for flavor. Nice Guy's does it right, I'd come back just for that nacho cheese sauce. Overall it was a fantastic experience. The place has a cool hip vibe, the music they played was great, we got there during a shift change so we had two servers. Both servers were attentive, friendly and knowledgeable of the menu giving great recommendations. The place was very clean and the bathrooms were impeccable. Nice Guys will be added to our list of favorite place to eat from here on out.Ok, I frequent this establishment. The food, atmosphere, drinks, the staff, did I say the food (lol) have been 5 star each time. If you haven't been shame on you.  Had the charbroiled oysters, they were DELICIOUS!This restaurant is a prime example of why Instagram restaurants should stay on instagram. First, the restaurant looks beautiful in pictures but is very disappointing in person. Parking is absolutely horrible & the establishment is tiny. There is absolutely no social distancing or real COVID restrictions for this establishment.  Customer service from the door was garbage. Perhaps the worst I've experienced. The waitresses all have a chip on their shoulders for whatever reason & are not very helpful. To start our night we ordered drinks. My sister asked the waitress what drink she recommended & the contents of the drink as my sister is allergic to certain fruits. The waitress recommended the "Hennyade" & told us that it only contained "Hennessey and Lemonade in a big glass". She then returned to the table with an average sized cup with STRAWBERRIES in the cup. When my sister told her she was allergic to the berry & would like to get another drink, we were told that they could take the drink back but she would still have to pay for it. In the midst of this rather confrontational encounter we ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters and spinach dip. They both were subpar & seemed to be thrown together. Our Charbroiled oysters somehow tasted like Lasagna & were served with a side of BURNT bread. COMPLETELY BLACK BREAD. The Spinach dip was literally spinach and shredded cheese. No type of creamy base. Just nasty. We decided then that this was not the place for us to dine as the manager did absolutely nothing in regard to the drink situation & the food wasn't good enough to be treated so poorly. Once we received our check we were floored when realizing our group of four was considered a party & tacked on an 18% gratuity. Our horrible, rude waitress received an 18% tip. I will never return & I will make sure to let EVERYONE know that if they want quality food and customer service, they should NEVER eat here.This place is a gem. It is tucked away off of Carrollton Ave, very easy to pass up, but STOP and eat here!!! 
OMG!!! The food, the staff and the atmosphere is OH SO GOOD!!!
I had the Earhart Attack Fries!!!! BABY....mmmmmm
It is a meal in itself! But I also ordered some lemon pepper wings. They were great, but if you are like me, I don't like a lot of salt, so advise the waitress. The Punch drink was Sooooo perfect! 
The waitstaff and the owners are all so friendly and welcoming. 
They take Covid guidelines very seriously, so I didn't mind the temp check at the door. 
This place is at the top of my GoTo places. Stop in and see why!!!I didn't have an opportunity to visit the establishment but had my daughter ordered my food while she was there.  I had the dozen oysters and wings.  My partner order the jerk sandwich.  The wings were amazing.  I couldn't eat as many as I wanted because I was full fast.  My partner enjoyed his sandwich, and he is not easily impressed.  He did ask if I'd lost my mind for spending $60+ for those few items.  My only concern was that oysters were small and I didn't get much from the shell (more of the seasoning than anything).  I would likely go again.  A friend put it on our girl's night out bucket list.  I would love to try the Happy Hour too!I've dined here a few times before making a review. Food has always been exceptional but the service is beyond terrible. It hasn't gotten better with every time I've dined. Owner was there every time and didn't seem phased. So if you can get past the horrible service you should fine. The gumbo is def a hit!I wanted so much to like this restaurant based on reviews and photos, but when the server said "we only have Pepsi products," that was a sign of things to come. 
On a positive note, they take your temperature and have you sign in as part of their Covid contact tracing procedures prior to seating you. Unfortunately, the sign-in process isn't contactless. Instead, everyone uses the same pen to write your name and phone number on a pad. Also, everyone can see each other's information, so there's no privacy. Any would-be stalker or pervert can easily get someone's phone number. This process would work better if the host captured the info electronically. 
My wife and I ordered the seafood bread, crawfish jalape単o bombers and house wings and fries with ranch dressing. I don't know if the seafood bread was worth the cost, but it was a thick piece of buttery french bread with a few shrimp, melted cheese, and green onions. I guess there was a light sauce on the bottom. The presentation was nice as it was served on a cutting board. It could've been warmer though. The bread was lukewarm and the areas with shrimp were actually cold, which was odd. It had a good flavor, but it could've been better.
Next up were the crawfish jalape単o bombers. These had a nice crunchy and satisfying crust. They were actual whole jalape単os cut in half, filled with crawfish sauce and breaded. It also came with nacho cheese dip. As someone who is not a fan of very spicy food, the mild spice level of these bombers was appreciated. I would order these again, but like the bread, the temperature could've been hotter. Lastly, we had the house wings and fries. These did not meet expectations. The fries, while fresh, weren't crispy. They were on the limp side, similar to homemade freshly cut fries. I thought the house wings were their specialty because of the "house" in the name, but, sadly, they were just plain wings. And under seasoned at that. They had a crispy texture though. The store-bought ranch dressing could not save them either. I would not order these again. 
The host and server were both sweet, and they both seemed to pull double duty working as bartender, cashier and busboy. However, I wasn't a fan of the uniform. And, frankly, it was distracting with the wife sitting across from me. The black, form fitting uniform consisted of a top and bottom with the stomach exposed. A few steps above Hooters, but not necessary,  in my opinion. I guess it depends on what type of clientele they are attempting to attract.Go support this restaurant ASAP! These guys can whip up some bomb.com wings! They are infused with EtOh, alcohol! Pair it with some fries and that's a winner!
These oysters are also delicious! Chargrilled outside so the aroma is in the air; can't resist!
 @phidingthefamSo many things to choose from! Service is excellent and the food and drinks are delicious.  Kudos to the chef for his creativity!Nice restaurant with plenty of food options. Their lot is kind of small and parking was a little hard to find so we ended up parking across the street. They're very mindful about the social distancing protocol so we waited about 15-20 min to be seated not too bad. I wanted to try the Bellini daiquiri but it wasn't available so I just had my water instead. My mom and cousin ordered the margarita and pina colada daiquiris which they said were really good.
For appetizers we had loaded fries (would recommend!) and the spinach artichoke dip which was okay.
For my meal I tried the drunkin wings because I've never had that before. I ordered the jack honey, my sister ordered the crown peach and my mom ordered regular house wings. Overall all the wings tasted pretty good! I think my favorite was the house wings because they were the most savory and crispy. I did think the peaches added to the crown peach wings was a nice touch. I also ordered the jerk'd chicken tacos and saved it for later. It came with lettuce, pico de gallo mix of mango and avocado and this tasty green habanero sauce which was great combo it tasted really good! 
Our waitress was really sweet as well so I their customer service is on point!As the kids would say it's the Great Food, Bottomless Mimosas, Music & Great Vibes for me. We left our plates spotless. I went for the Fried Lobster, Shrimp & Grits. It was my first time having fried lobster and chillleeeee I am here for it. My linesister and her gal pal ordered the Steak & Eggs with Roasted Potatoes, a side of Cheese Grits and a side of Waffles. They were in town for the weekend so I was glad they enjoyed my suggestion. If you're going to make your way to Nice Guys, I do suggest going early because it gets packed pretty quickly. They also have TVs which is perfect for brunch and Saints Sundays!Everyone was so nice. Whomever passed us spoke and was very hospitable. Our food took a very llong time to come but was piping hot when wr got it. I wasn't upset about the wait because our waitress kept us informed. She acknowledged that our food was taking awhile and apologized. She didn't just ignore us and act like it wasn't happening I truly appreciated that. Our food was delicious! And service wasA+ what more could you adk for? My only complaint was that my chargrilled oyster were completely burnt. Idk why they would serve them to us like that. I gave them a pass because eventhough it was super busy service was great!Terrible TERRIBLE SERVICE ! Would not recommend! When brought to Manager attention , he has the same I don't care attitude ! Will never spend my money here again!Atmosphere is amazing. Service is good. Drinks are awesome. Food is a little salty but delicious, plus the presentation is very top tier!I went here for brunch last weekend and I've been hearing about it this place for a while now. I still want to come back and try lunch/dinner. The parking situation is a mess. There's no parking lot so you either have to park in the neighborhood behind the restaurant or somewhere down Earhart which is busy. They have a tent outside where you can wait for your table which is nice. We waited about 30 min and then got seated which isn't bad at all! I ended up trying the hot sausage croissant and my friend got the seafood omelette. I ordered the Hennessy lemonade and my friend got a sangria. The drinks had no garnish so it didn't make for a pretty picture at all :( the food was tasty though! I didn't care for the cheese grits though. I think it was too much cheese if that's even possible lol. I ordered a watermelon margarita which was tasty but still no garnish :( all around the experience was good. I tried my friends omelette and that was really good! I'll try it again for lunch and see how that is next