Delicious food always way more than you can eat. We ordered lamb curried stew, beef tibs and kitfo. This is our third trip here in three years and every time I have been impressed with the quality and quantity of food you get served here. I will continue to return!We ate at Nile Restaurant for lunch and left full and happy.  Our server, Tesfaye, was friendly and helpful.  We had the injera veggie rolls, the veggie combo platter and ethiopian hot tea. Everything tasted fresh and well spiced. We will definitely eat here again.Well.... one: no utensils, Not even sticks like Japanese.  Wtf Mate! Two, the wait was longer then the DMV. The food entered my mouth and my stomach was "WTF! Mate!" So it was a waste of time and it's over priced.I'll be the first to admit that this was a TOTAL experiment on my part. This was my first time ever trying Ethiopian food and I had no idea what to expect.
The menu has a little bit of everything from poultry to fish and lamb. We decided to order the lamb and whole fish. Everything is served at once on one plate with a side of soft bread and you are meant to pick up the food with it. All of the food was really good. The whole fish came with all of the bones intact, so eating it was a bit of a challenge, but after a few bites I got the hang of it. The lamb had a lot of flavor and the bread was porous and picked up a lot of flavor of whatever was wrapped in it, In addition to the meal, we had a yummy hot tea that was a perfect end to the experience.
I'll be totally honest- this food is going to take some getting used to, but I can appreciate that this is good food. Does that make sense? In other words- it's not up my *immediate* alley, but everything was perfectly cooked and had a lot of flavor. Out waiter was extremely nice, and although the restaurant was full, we were seated and served in a timely manner.
I definitely want to go back and try some more dishes. I know that if I try Ethiopian food a few more times it is something I will definitely love, so I'm excited to try more.Extremely friendly staff, fast service, great location, and incredible food. I've never had Ethiopian food and the person working there suggested a vegetable dish... It was incredible! Definitely going to be back :)Woa this place mm mm hit the SpOt!**!*!** I've had Ethiopian food for the first time in New York over the summer and have been dying to eat it again ever since. I took my girl friend here because she's never had it and I was in the mood to eat with my hands, eat a lot and eat good:p We walked in at 7pm on a Friday and were the only people in besides a man that looked as if he'd been there all day. We were greeted and told to sit where we pleased. We ordered the veggie combo and he recommended the curry lamb dish to us. Only waiting about 10-15 minutes for the food, it came out and wow-ee my mouth is watering thinking about it! 
We didn't get much lamb meat at all and when our waiter came to check on us my friend mentioned it to him so he came back with a bowl of lamb and sauce that he poured on his plate. It was very considerate of him and we were very happy because the lamb was phenomenal. 
The only thing missing for me was that no hot towels or wipes were brought to us. That's one thing about the restaurant in New York I was impressed by and I think it's kind of crucial for eating food with your hands. 
But overall we had a great time and left extremely happy and extremelyyy fullI really do wish half stars existed, but I guess that's the beauty of averages...
Overall, good. If you've never experienced Ethiopian food, Nile is a decent place to get a first impression. It's only been opening for a hot minute, so that might explain some of their wavering pieces such as their menu and decor being a little limited (no sambussa?!). I'm hoping some of the kinks get worked out soon, because I'd like to see them on par or better than the only other Ethopian place in town! Who doesn't love a little healthy- and delicious- competition? Especially when it involves eating with your hands!This is a decent Ethiopian restaurant with a nice ambiance inside.  They have a small courtyard in the back that still seems to be in the process of getting finished.  The food here seems less flavorful than you would expect and the portion sizes are less than I've had at other Ethiopian places. The flavor and portion sizes are both superior a bit further down Magazine at Café Abyssinia.  They will actually give you silverware here if you want it.  Overall its really about a 2.5 star experience.Perfect.  The service was extremely nice.  The food was very good.  I loved it and would go again next time I'm in town.  Wish they had Ethiopian coffee but they did have the spiced tea always a must with me every time I have Ethiopian.The food we ordered at Nile was like a flavor explosion in your mouth. Awaze tibs and doro wat were both delicious. Given New Orleans' limited selection of Ethiopian food; you can't go wrong coming here. Service/attentiveness were on the slower side but everything that came out of the kitchen was full of flavor and went down the hatch. Would like to see better service but other than that everything was satisfactory!Really enjoyed the Nile.  I first sampled their food at the Offbeat Awards, and it was one of the best sampling of food at the party.  Finally made it out to the restaurant and really enjoyed.  
We split two platters of food b/t 3 people which was plenty.  They can bring out the food on large plates so you can share with everyone at the table.  The veggie platter was wonderful since you get to try all the veggie offerings - really enjoyed the lentils.  We also got the Doro Wot one of the chicken dishes.  It was amazingly good, in a tomato sauce with a boiled egg.  Really reminded me almost of an Italian dish, and then I remembered that Italy occupied Ethiopia - guessing this could be the influence.  
Also, get excited about the injera bread they bring out to scoop up the food (technically, no forks - but no worries they have utensils).  The bread is like an unleavened sourdough - good stuff!  Can't wait to go back.Always nice to find a good Ethiopian place. Good messy food (may not be suitable for 1st dates). We tried a bit of everything and I was all around impressed with the spread. The long and short of it:
1. Lega Tibs. My favorite thing on the menu. The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned. It went great with a little of the feta cheese that came with the kitfa.
2. Service. My 1 negative comment. We were there with a larger party (6 total) but it was a Monday night and the place was nearly empty. They had 1 waiter running the whole show which I understand is hard but it was like pulling teeth trying to get him to give us any service, even when we were 1 of 2 tables there. It lead to us being there 45 minutes to an hour longer than we wanted to. He may have made up for some of it with some awesome recommendations.
3. Bread. As with all Ethiopian food, your utensils is bread. Theirs is fluffy and not overpowering in taste. It really let you taste your food, not your utensil.
Everything we ate was really good (2nd favorite was the doro wot). We may have got an off service night, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and head back for more!
Overall Grade: B-Excellent atmosphere. Great tasting vegetarian food. (Though there were only three options.)
Taking a star off due to lack of desserts and appetizers and few drink options. Went for date nite and it is an excellent and affordable choice. Hospitable waitress. Would definitely go back again.Good experience. Clean establishment. Not a fan of the large tv playing cartoons but it wasn't a deal killer. I wanted to try Ethiopian food and glad I made it over since they've been open for a few years now. The veggie combo was well prepared, fresh tasting and decent portion. The "bread" that was served with the meal didn't impress me. Didn't add anything to the flavors and seemed like it was strictly a delivery system-empty calories. Lunch was in the $16 range so not a deal. I was the only table in there for the duration of my meal. Considering other neighborhood powerhouses Juan's and Commander's it'll probably be awhile before I find my way there again. The server was nice,Real delicious Ethiopian food on Magazine Street. I had the vegetarian sampler and my husband had the Key Wot. Both were fresh and delicious. The tea was good and the service was friendly. The restaurant is in a nice, clean, airy space and had a nice ambience. Will definitely return.The decor is pretty simple but the food is AWESOME! The owner/waiter was friendly and we had a great experience.This place is delicious! I had tried Ethiopian food twice before and was disappointed both times, but this place put Ethiopian back on the map for me. We had two lamb dishes (one was wot, the other started with an A) and a steak dish and all were flavorful, saucy, and tender! I was surprised at how quiet it was for lunch on a weekend. Definitely recommend!!Small welcoming space with attentive service. Delicious food that anyone can enjoy as leave feeling satisfied and healthyThis is an excellent Ethiopian restaurant! And we used to live in Washington, DC, Ethiopian food central, so we know good Ethiopian food. If you haven't had it before, give it a try; it is a ton of fun - you get to eat with your hands - and delicious! Great veggie options, and plenty of tasty meat too. 
Very reasonable prices, and super friendly service. Highly recommended!I love Ethiopian and this place is one of the best i have tasted. I had the Kitfo prepared rare and the veggie sampler. The red lentils and the potatoes in particular were fantastic, and they have shakers of the berber seasoning on the tables so you can spice things up to your delight! The gentleman who waited on us was so kind and helpful. I highly recommend coming here, especially if you're sick of the same old creole roster. Yummy!!
Super bonus: it's BYOB.I've only been here once but the food was excellent; I had the Veggie Combo.  With such big portions, this would be a place where I would like to have a long meal, but the ambiance is more fast casual.  It is BYOB with a $5 cork fee.  This place has been open since 2012 so I don't know why they wouldn't try to get SOME type of liquor license.  Anyway, probably will get takeout next time.Great food, great prices and the woman that works there couldn't be sweeter. I love coming here. 
Great for vegetarians/vegans as well.Nice friendly place... not fancy, not expensive... good food. Good experience. Don't be scared of Ethiopian food, it's super good!the food is amazing! great for everyone delicious meat options as well as vegetarian. there are fish dishes too. Great combo options! the tea is delicious also. the service used to be great before they were really well known...its seems like they put less love into their food now :/Wow! Flavors are great but, what a rip off. $13.95 for one chicken drumstick and a hard boiled egg..... Oh and we had 2 small cups of tea each, 3 people, 2 pots of tea and we were charged $12 for 6 individual teas, REALLY!! Don't waste your money at this over priced Magazine spot unless you absolutely need some different food and have money to burn.Went to Nile a while back, as it is in the neighborhood, and saves a trek uptown for Ethiopian food.
Overall our experience was decent.  With two of us, we ordered three dishes, as we we're curious as to how they compare.  Two of the dishes were delicious - our favorite was a spicy beef dish that melted in your mouth.  The vegetarian dish was also excellent.
Now for the reason they are not getting four stars - the lamb and greens dish was destined to be delicious - if the lamb was not full of bone chips, and the greens were literally sandy.  Aside was the extra "texture" is was really good.  I could overlook the bone chips - maybe, but unwashed greens are somewhat of a cardinal sin in a restaurant.
Judging from the other reviews, the sandy greens appear to be unique, but the bones chips seem to be an issue.
The prices/portions are not as good as the joint further uptown.
That being said, we will go back someday and give it another shot, with hopes that it was someone new in the kitchen - and just a random fluke.  I would still recommend it to friends, with qualifiers.I had only been to Cafe Abyssinia for Ethiopian food until the bf told me about this place. It is a simple restaurant but the food was delicious. Having found our previous Ethiopian meals a bit bland, the bf was anxious about the food at Nile striking that delicate balance between not too spicy and way too smokin' spicy. He had no cause to worry as he found the food to be extremely flavorful and he enjoyed the entire experience from eating with our hands to the extra injera that was offered to us as we depleted our supply. I would have opted for some extra spice but I am the one between us who likes extra spicy food. Our waitress was the only one serving the three tables - we went in on a Saturday evening - one table was a couple, the other was a large group of about 15 and then there was our table. It took a while for her to get our order but once she did, the food came out pretty quickly. The hot tea was AWESOME - reminded me of home (East Africa) with it's subtly flavored cardamom-clove deliciousness. I think they do free refills too because I had to have a second cup. We had the Yebeg Tibs (lamb - dry stewed) and the Doro Wot (chicken - wet stewed) and both were really good. The Doro Wot was so delightfully seasoned, I am thinking of going back solo for lunch today to get that if they are open!beautifully prepared and tasty ethiopian food. LOVE the spices and flavors of each vegan dish. my bf always enjoys the meat or fish he orders. my fav ethiopian place in new orleans (the one other is also very good), and one of the best ethiopian places i've been to (one of my fav cuisines!)Called in an order and when I arrived to pick it up they denied it having been called in. I then stated the number I called and they said it was the right number, only to come back later and tell me that I had somehow contacted the owner on his personal cell. I should have left then, but I also work in the service industry and know that these kinds of things sometimes happen. When my order was finally done (the veggie platter and a side of collards) it came out to be $29, so I assumed that both to-go boxes were filled with food, didn't question the price, and left a nice tip. However, once I got home I saw that my side was actually a tiny portion of collards that was added to my platter and that the other box was full of bread. They charged me an extra $12 for this. The side was almost the same price as my entire platter, bread included. I will not be ordering from here again.I am a big fan of Ethiopian food for both its deliciousness and fun interactivity (the child in all of us lights up when we find out that there are no utensils, save for the spongy, almost neoprene like injera bread). Nile is up there as one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've had the pleasure to sample (my fave is still the modern, re-inventive Abbay in Pittsburgh). The space is open, airy, and maybe a little too spare but  my gal and I have been greeted with a sunny smile both times we have visited and even got to watch the (unintentionally hilarious Taylor Swift Storytellers on TV the last time there...."I wrote this next song when I was seeing/just broke up with/getting back together with this guy..."). There are no starters, which is normally disappointing but since I know I am getting the enormous vegetarian sampler and will indeed finish it, who cares?
    That sampler is gorgeous, with saffron yellow lentils, deep greens, rust red lentils (spicier), lovely orange carrots and creamy potatoes along with purple beets and potatoes (did I mention this is the kind of stick to your ribs, multi-starch cuisine any New Orleanian could love?) and perfunctory but still tasty and refreshing salad. Each more delicious than the last and they don't stint on the injera either-you will leave full!
    My sweetheart has tried both lamb and beef dishes (both with greens) and given two thumbs up, if not for a few too many "small bones" in the beef.
    The young lady who seems to manage and perform all front of house operations could be a descendant of Selassie, such is her princess like beauty and bearing along with her attentiveness and friendly manner.
     Thus far, I have not seen tons of people here, so I implore all of my fellow lovers of this great cuisine to try Nile-you won't be sorry.The vegetarian sampler was delicious!  Perfect injera and wonderfully spiced on all of the dishes-- even the basic tossed-vinaigrette salad was just perfect.  I only wish they had a lunch special, as it is too expensive for lunch.  However, the dish I got ($13) was plenty for two people, so it would be reasonable to go with a friend for lunch by splitting a single entree.Went here for date night, the food was delicious.  The portions were perfect.  We got a lamb dish and the veggie combo.  Great menu, no apps or desserts, just entrees averaging around $12 a dish.  Its' BYOB, $5 corkage fee for a bottle of wine.  Was great for date night, but would be even better with a big group of friends so you can try many different kinds of things, will definitley be going back!Fantastic food. I had the lamb tips and potatoes. The place was dead but the food was the best thing I ate in Nola all week. Highly recommended.I ordered the vegetarian sampler platter, which should absolutely be ready immediately.
I waited for over two hours with utter indifference as the response to my repeated inquiries about the timing of my meal.
I then suffered the insult of watching everyone who came after me get served first with zero concern for my meal. I ended up leaving. 
Terribly disappointing.I love Ethiopian food and I like Nile a lot. Before Nile, I used to go to Cafe Abyssinia, and while I enjoy the food at both restaurants, I always used to come out of Cafe Abyssinia smelling like Ethiopian food, which is great if I'm just going home afterwards, but if I have a post-dinner thing to go to, I don't necessarily want to walk in smelling like food. I have been to Nile twice now and I haven't had that problem here.
The food is delicious and the servers always offer more injera when my friends and I scarf down what is initially provided. It's definitely great to have this option for Ethiopian food in the city.So good! We were looking for Ethiopian food since we don't have any restaurants where we live,  and this helped cure our craving. Definitely recommend!I missed Ethiopian after leaving D.C./Baltimore Area (Korean too).  Nile is the 2nd Ethiopian restaurant here and the closest to what I'm used to in D.C. Love it!  Veggie Combo is excellent as are all the meat dishes but anywhere that makes me want to order just veggies is great!We gathered at Nile Ethiopian Restaurant with 3 generations. My wife's family lived in Ethiopia when Dad was in the US Army, and we still have family friends they made in those days.  The food here is delicious and the service was accomodating. Our hostess/server was a gentle soul who answered questions and made us feel at home.   We had a sampling of different foods. Favorites were the duro wot and the lamb tibs.  Food was plentiful with robust flavors.  The wot was spicy without being over powering. Next time we are in NOLA we will definitely be back.Every time I come to New Orleans on business, I always like to stop here and pick up Ethiopian food to bring home! There are only two places in New Orleans, and I find this one to be the better one. Some of the dishes have been hit or miss, but overall we have been very happy with it. Good selection of food, and prices are on the high-end of reasonable. I don't have an extensive knowledge of Ethiopian food, but what I have had, this definitely stands up to it!Just went to Nile last night and LOVED it!  The restaurant is really well done and attractive, and the food was delicious.  Their back patio is so cute and would be really fun for a big group.  Got the vegetable sampler and beef tips - both were delicious and reasonably priced.  They don't serve alcohol but you can BYOB!Ug! I'm so sad to see they've closed! This place was the best. Their vegetarian combo was spot on with perfectly perfected potatoes, golden lentils, spicy red lentils, greens to die for, and a little bit of comically awkward fresh salad on the side. I will miss it!Great, friendly service . The food is amazing! The doro wat just melted in my mouth! A must!This place was delicious, and Ethiopian food was a fun experience. The veggie combo was good. The Doro Wat was great! The Doro wat was flavorful and full of spices , so much so that my hands still smelled like it when I got home lol. The injera (spelling?) -bread like part that you use to eat - was a bit sour but the texture was good. It took a while for a server to come out and come to our table but he was helpful. The bathroom really needs some work.I was pretty disappointed with our experience here. The waitress was particularly nice and cute but didn't make up for the food and ambiance at the restaurant. We went on a Thursday night to which we were only one of two tables dining. The staff was playing the E! Channel on the main tv above the bar with full audio. We weren't planning on inviting The Kardashians out to dinner with us, despite their lovey banter and shenanigans. We assume that the wait staff had been anticipating this episode for weeks as we were barely paid attention to. The meal was just decent, I've had much better Ethiopian accompanied by much better overall dinner experience elsewhere.They do know a bit about service, even for people as inept as me in dealing with certain customs, i.e. eating with your hands. Prepare yourself first for the experience. The food will be brought out all together on a large platter. They can be asked, and may even offer if you look a bit apprehensive. to bring forks and plates for each. They will bring a very spongy like bread to be used as a vessel for carrying the food to your mouth. The chicken, and beef dishes are delicious. The lamb may well be considered that way too by fans of lamb. I ate a good bit of lamb growing up and am not a huge fan. However, it's as well prepared as a lamb dish can be. There was a delicious dressing on the salad. I must have been having a huge craving for salad, even with the other tasty dishes, I really couldn't get enough if it. Even being another femme - this is meant to be french, not slang, Caleb did a good job of describing our server. I think one would have to be a fan of the bread. I may have liked it better being served warm.The crew with me were deeply impressed and said they would definitely be going back.  Eating with the hands and the bread being cool were things I would've changed. Aside from that, the dishes were well seasoned and interesting. Like Kelsey, I would prefer half stars, so I gave the full and this will even out.This place is wonderful! My wife and I absolutely love Ethiopian food and this place certainly caters to our cravings! Every time we are in New Orleans, we come here and have yet to be disappointed. The kitfo is delicious and the tibs are delicious whether you are getting lamb or beef! Their veggie sanmbusa is OK but the sauce they serve with it is like a liquid berbere/ mitmita and very addictive. I would recommend this place over the Cafe Abyssinian to anyone that wants delicious Ethiopian cuisine!I think the food is terrific.  I had the vegetarian combo and loved the spicy lentils and the beets.  And it's always fun eating with my hands....
If you are strict vegetarian dining with non-vegetarians, you should ask for your dish to be plated separately, otherwise it comes on the same platter with the meat dishes.
The atmosphere is comfortable and clean, if a little bit sterile.
I'm glad Nile is in my neighborhood!!Deep wot; an amazing chicken dish with the injera bread was simply put; fabulous! And the chef, Mr. Mengesha's lovely wife Wosenie. 
Family owned and operated, I was made to feel welcome and appreciated.
Great value, super accommodating staff and even if you come by yourself and have never ate this type of food, you're in the very best of hands!First time I ate here, and it was so good!  There weren't many people in the restaurant, so I worry that they might not make it.  But give it a try.  It really is excellent!Vegetarian items were ok, even good.  Meat was really bad, tough, inedible.  I assume there are other options in NO. Really funny bit was when my table let the waiter know the meat was tough, he reached down and grabbed a piece with his hand, right off the plate, and ate it to test it out -- declaring it ok by him.  Based on other reviews, I'm going to assume this place just had a bad night, but I'll go elsewhere next time.
BTW, no liquor license, so bring your own.My old neighbors used to make me home cooked Ethiopian food, and I miss it so much, and when I crave it, I come here. The doro wat here is excellent.Just returned from a delicious dinner at Nile Ethiopian Restaurant and I am definitely a fan. The food came out pretty quickly and it was *delicious*. Three of us shared the vegetarian sampler plus the steak tibs and lamb, and asked for a little extra injera. Everything was very fresh and truly delicious. It felt like a home-cooked meal, especially because friends and families of the owners seemed to be at a couple of other tables, which was nice. We brought a bottle of wine and the corkage fee was $7. We thought the total tab was more than worth the delicious food and very friendly service. This place is only three blocks from my house so I'm a little worried about how much I may eat there! :)Was very skeptical about trying this place after being in love with Cafe Abyssinia for years. But with that place not being consistent and it not being clean like EVER. I decided to try here and boy oh boy am i so glad that I did!!! I feel like this place is way more authentic. Came with a group of 5 and shared a stewed lamb dish,veggie combo, the doro, whole fish and shiro. And was taken away from it all! Nothing tasted or was similar to what I'm used to at cafe Abyssinia. Even the injera was real and not "bread like". It's clean the waitress is a real sweetheart as well. It was empty when we came on a Monday evening. Not sure as too why because its truly Houston/ atlanta quality ethiopian food!Food and service are amazing!!! I would recommend to get the veggie platter with a meat platter to share and have the chance to try as much as possible.Was craving Ethiopian food and thus decided to stop by since I had business to attend in New Orleans. PROS: The place was clean , plenty of parking and friendly service. CONS: Rest room was out of service. The veggie platter I ordered should NOT be served to anyone. Now I can't say anything about the rest of the menu, but judging from the veggi platter one has better chances winning the power-ball lottery. I am Ethiopian, our food is much better than this. This place shouldn't be in the business of serving ETHIOPIAN FOOD. Finally, I was never asked "how was the food?" I assume the answer was obvious.Damn good. Veggie combo all day. It's a quiet humble place but don't let that deter you. It's great having a place like this in the city.Great addition to the Lower Garden District!  Food was great, reasonably priced and service was wonderful.  There is a great patio out back - nothing fancy, but quaint.  And it's BYOB - $5 for beer and $7 for wine.  Will definitely go back.Wow! and Yum!! this place is great! my hubby and I have certain expectations for our Ethiopian based on our experiences in San Francisco, Washington DC and Paris France. Nile Ethiopian meets those expectations perfectly. food is delicious and service is great - friendly, fast, attentive. décor is rather bland, but I'd rather the food be excellent than the décor exciting. 
don't wait - dine here immediately!!!one of my favorite restaurants in new orleans, the food is always delicious, the service is friendly and fast, and two people can get a delicious dinner for $30. sometimes wished they had dessert but it seems thats not a concept in Ethiopian cuisine.
side note: its strange to me that many peoples biggest complaint is that the restaurant has a tv.   lots of restaurants have them and im sure the waitress would change the channel or turn it off if you ask.I had lunch here today and it was delicious. My boyfriend and I had the same dish and I can't for the life of me remember the name- it was not in English. It was one of the vegetarian entrees- a combo plate. It came with several different mashed vegetables and salads that we scooped up with thin, spongy pancakes. The platter was presented beautifully, with many different colored foods on the plate. The flavors of the "dips" were varied and rich without being too heavy. I was nervous to eat here because I am a picky eater feeling safest ordering grilled cheese at a diner but this platter was totally good for me- when it arrived it looked appetizing and like I said, the flavors were full but nothing was too spicy or hot for me.
We were the only people dining in the restaurant, it was 3pm on a Sunday. The waiter was very nice and offered us more pancakes when we were running low. The ceiling is high and the room is clean and airy with a peaceful mural of a waterfall and mountains on one wall. Music was playing noticeably but not too loud and I liked it. I assume it was Ethiopian pop but nothing came up on Shazaam when I tried to identitify the songs.
The reason for 4 rather than 5 stars- my boyfriend ordered a diet coke and was given a can with no straw and no glass of ice. I ordered a coke and was given a glass of ice but no straw. We both asked for water, my boyfriend received it, I did not...maybe they only let each customer have one glass.  
Anyway, the food was really delicious. I can only vouch for this one platter but it was great.I was highly impressed with the food here. We ordered the Injera Veggie Roll for an appetizer (they were out of the Sambusa). Let me tell you, it was DELICIOUS!!! For the entree, we ordered the Kitfo (cooked medium) and the Lamb Wot. The Kitfo had a great flavor. The collard greens that came with it really paired well with its flavors and made it a hearty meal. The Lamb Wot was incredible. My favorite of the two dishes. The meat was so tender it was literally falling of the bone. The portions were quite large. Next time, we'll definitely split an entree and try the Sambusa. Oh, and you must order the hot tea! It is such a complimentary aspect to the meal. 
**NOTE: The atmosphere here is very relaxed. Yes, it took a while to get our food, but that's because we're Americans and we want everything instant. This is a great place to sit and chill with friends. Don't expect to leave in 45min. Take time to enjoy one another's company and sip on some hot tea while you wait for your food. TIA.We love Ethiopian food and were really looking forward to eating Ethiopian food in New Orleans.  We ordered the veggie sampler and it was amazing!  The service was great and the ambience was quiet and great for families.  I highly recommend this place.My husband and I had an amazing meal at Nile last night. We went pretty early, before 6pm, but we still weren't the only table eating already, which was nice. We ordered the curried lamb and vegetarian platter, which came with the most perfectly made injera we've ever had. The lamb was deliciously tender and the servings of actual meat were really generous. We brought a bottle of wine with us and so with the corkage fee we paid $35, which is perfectly acceptable. The food gets 5*, the only reason i'm giving the restauarant 4* overall is the plain decor - we used to frequent Ethiopian restaurants in Boston with more of an interesting set up and atmosphere. But we had a great meal and will definitely be going back and ordering the lamb again soon. Give it a try!I have gotten sick twice from eating at this place. The second time I just wanted to make sure this place wasn't as bad as I had concluded it to be. But a very disappointing experience, every single time. I can't believe in New Orleans, this is the quality of Ethiopian food people have to experience. Please, if you eat here, forgive the owners and don't judge Ethiopian food by this experience. Go to LA, NY, DC, ATL, and experience good Ethiopian food.I ordered the vegetarian selection...a bit of each dish. I don't have a lot of experience with many Ethiopian places. There is an excellent one in Amsterdam. The place was clean, service friendly, the dish was freshly prepared, I asked for extra bread (Americans usually need to do this). The only bad part, no alcohol. That is ok, plenty of other places to get a drink around. And cute shops everywhere too.The veggie combo was very good. I loved the beet salad, but thought that the lentils and dal were a little bland. The lamb curry was amazing! slightly sweet, succulent and very flavorful! Nice service.Injera is good but the dishes we ordered weren't fantastic. Disclaimer: don't eat beef or lamb so that limited us to about 4 options. The chicken leg is Delish and comes with a boiled egg.
BYOB with corkage fee.
Decor is minimal. Place is often empty but really shouldn't be.Always like this place.  The food is very good.  I always get the vegi platter which is a great variety of very tasty items and filling enough for 2 people.We had the veggie combo and it was great. The bread was different than anything I've tried before, but yummy. It was a neat experience. Will definitely go back and try more from the menu.Came with boyfriend and his friend for dinner on a Friday night. We ordered the veggie combo, lamb, and beef dishes and enjoyed the food! Everyone's favorite was the beef! The only downside was how oily the lamb dish was because the sauce soaked the ingera and made it too soggy/oily to eat. Delicious, nevertheless!I went there for a lunch with my colleague and we had a wonderful time!
The food was very tasty and fresh and made on the spot (we had to wait around 20-25 minutes which we gladly did - at least it was not microwaved). We asked to have both dishes on the same plate so that we could share and eat it with our hands and little crêpes.
The lamb dishes are delicious!
What I also particularly enjoyed was that we stayed for almost 2 hours and did not feel rushed at all. The owner let us talk and laugh and drink iced tea and came to clean up the table only when we decided to ask for the check.
Very great service!Delicious food. Friendly, handsome server. Not too expensive. I've been hungry for some good Ethiopian food for a while. This hit the spot.Three stars for the food, two stars for ambiance/cleanliness, and four stars for employee friendliness. We went for lunch today after a swamp tour, arriving for a late lunch. There were two other tables with guests but overall very quiet. 
The restaurant is light on decor and lacking in ambiance, but the food I ate was good (doro wat, the spicy chicken dish). The food is served on a communal plate for sharing with others in your party, and extra sponge bread is provided pro bono in a separate basket. 
The bathroom is huge but unkempt. No toilet paper and discarded paper towels were strewn everywhere. This was not one person's doing. The bathroom felt neglected.
The chicken was spicy, tasty, and fresh. The egg that always come with this dish was overcooked, so I ate only the albumin and skipped the yolk.
Overall, standard fare.We got everything that didn't have meat in it. I loved the meal, I loved the presentation, I love the teff bread (think cold crêpes), I love eating with my hands (forks optional).
I've got to say some of the food was a bit "baby foodish", by that I mean it's got no spice and its sort of soggy. Not sure if all Ethiopian food is like that but this was. I PERSONALLY like my food to have texture and spice. Not to say I won't return, because I will; but I won't go here if "something with some kick" what I'm seeking.
The price was acceptable. The service was good.
I will return. I have no complaints about this place.I don't like giving this place 2 stars because our food tasted really good. However, both my boyfriend and I got super sick that night and the next day. They only thing that we both shared was my veggie combo so it had to be from that. 
It's unfortunate because we enjoy the cuisine. I guess we'll stick to the other Ethiopian place form now on. :(My visiting friends asked if there were any Ethiopian places that we could have lunch, of course, I said "Let's check Yelp!" We ended up here by default (the other place is closed on Mondays) and had a great lunch. There were several tables waiting for food when we arrived, so I feared we would have to wait too long, but once we ordered the food came out pretty quickly and it was all very flavorful.
We tried the veggie combo, the one chicken dish and lamb tibs. It was plenty of food for three to share with a great variety of flavors that were all new to me, but I really liked it all. The stand out favorite for me were the lamb tibs and my friend raved about the quality of the injera and  the collard greens. I would happily try this place again!Delicious food, excellent overall experience! I was dying to try Ethiopian food for a while and i'm so glad we came to this place. 
I'm giving it 4 stars because the place is a little dull, could use a little remodeling to make it more welcoming, but the service was good and i really enjoyed eating with my hands.
My recommendation for two: Get the veggie combo and the Lega tibs.. Enough for two and provides a variety of textures and flavors, not too spicy.GREAT Food.  We had a wonderful date night at Nile Ethiopian Restaurant.  I highly recommend the veggie combo to share.
The presentation of the food was spectacular and only surpassed by the amazing flavors in the food.  The veggie sampler was diverse in flavors but complemented each other well.  The salad brought out the sour in the injera beautifully.  The salad was a very pleasant surprise because many other Ethiopian restaurants will just make something akin to a pico de gallo.  The lamb was FULL OF FLAVOR.
Our server, Girma, was friendly and welcoming.Saturday night, 7:30, only 2 other tables had guests at that time. We had the pick of tables, but most hadn't been cleared and wiped down (maybe they had a rush?). There was only one young guy working and he was running the show, so I understand. Having never dined here before we asked our server what he suggested, he did so, and we ordered the Veggie Combo as well as the Doro Wot, a stewed chicken dish, also known as the National Dish.
The Doro Wot was delicious. Stewed with a lot of flavor and spice. You scoop this up with bread. Don't know what this bread is called, but it is like a thin pancake rolled up...you unroll it, tear off a piece, and scoop up your food. I feel like I have to describe this because I had never had Ethiopian food before and this was all new to me. The Veggie Combo had collard greens, lentils, beats, split peas, and a salad. Once again, all scooped up with the bread. 
Note: Bring you own alcoholic beverages...we didn't know that. Also be open to the experience...because you won't be using utensils.I was really hungry after work and the girly wanted something new. So I stopped by this place, hoping it would be a savior for Ethiopian food lovers that Cafe Absolutelynot wasn't.
Walking in, I noticed two things right off. It was sparsely decorated with a giant TV to keep people interested in something...and it was empty except for one guy sitting and watching tv and the girl at the counter.
I placed my to-go order and the guy sitting got up and cooked it...Well, cooked is probably too strong a word. He reheated (or in some cases, failed to reheat) some food.
My food came out in less than 4 minutes and I paid and left.
I got the beef, potato, lentils and greens and the injera. 
On to the tasting..
The beef (which was about 2 tablespoonfuls at most) was ok. Bland but ok.
The potatoes and lentils were both stone cold.
The injera was more the texture of that thin wrapping foam than injera. No real flavor at all and since they put it right on top of the greens, it was soaked through and gritty.
Gritty? Yeah.
The greens were, just as someone else mentioned, gritty. I mean it was like eating a mouthful of sand with the greens. One bite and that was it. 
Pro-tip Nile people...WASH Yo SHIT!
Now I work nearby and notice they have very short lunch hours and when they are open, it's never busy. Maybe they do a good dinner crowd. I hope they have someone who cooks at night that doesn't make sand castles in the greens.