BEST ROLL: SURF & TURF (its a special but they usually have it). It has delicious tender rare steak charred on top with shrimp tempura inside and topped with fried sweet potato strings. Its by far one of the best rolls I have had! Apps are all great, udon is delicious too!
Staff is always friendly and remember me when I go in!Update: Sad to say that Ninja is just not the same. Ownership changed a while back and it seems that the quality has suffered. A sad day for all...Raw chicken! Ive never had this happen in the US before. I ordered chicken teriyaki with ubereats for the first time. Definitely won't be frequenting this restaurant.The service I had here was horrible, it took about an hour to get my food.  The food was decent, but not worth the price tag. If you plan on getting miso soup or rice prepare to pay extra. I really felt this place tried rip every dollar out of you, having to pay $2.50 for white rice when ordering over $25 of sushi per person is more annoying than anything. Heavily disappointed by how frugal Ninja is. Would definitely recommend looking elsewhere if you want  sushi in New Orleans.Since I have been eating sushi in NO I have been a loyal patron of Mikimoto which is good and fairly priced. I feel a little guilty to say that Ninja tops them even despite Mikimoto's drive through window.  
I can't speak for any of the specialty appetizers because I was eating on a budget, but they all sound delicious. I stuck with some classic-type rolls and took a chance on the fried oyster roll. It's great that the best fried oyster I've had in the city was on a sushi roll, go figure. The breading was light and well seasoned and insides were juicy, not overcooked. I wanted to test my audacity and try the wasabi roll. I generally do not heed a menu that warns against something for the sake of its heat, but I had a feeling about this one. Perhaps someone more adventurous than I can share their experience. For dessert we had my girlfriend's favorite thing in the world, tempura ginger ice cream. It was tasty but the portion a little small and the ice cream was rock hard. She is really discerning about her deep friend confections.  
The price didn't break the bank. We got plenty of food for the money, and the service was friendly. The only criticism is the rolls fell apart a little, but it could have been my ineptitude with the chopstick. Also, don't come looking for a drive through.I did Uber Eats for the first time, and what a disappointment. 20 Minutes was added to my ETA. The soy and ginger tofu was not pan fried or baked. It seemed silkened, and without the dip, it had absolutely no flavor. I do like that this item was marked as vegan friendly on the Uber Eats website. I appreciate the options, but the execution was bland.On a typical Friday morning I would be at work, but it was New Years Eve and I had the day off. All morning, I was craving for sushi so my boyfriend and I decided to go to Ninja's since it was close by and I've never tried their lunch before. 
When we walked in, there was this strange sense of abandonment as the entrance to the building was not actually the entrance to the dining room, but was instead a ground floor with random pieces of furniture scattered about and an empty bar. We quickly ventured past the emptiness toward the stairwell that led to the second floor dining room. Once reaching the second floor of the restaurant, the ambience was vastly different from the dark gloomy downstairs.  The room was lit with brightness and liveliness from the customers. With most of the restaurant filled, we decided to sit at the sushi bar. 
After reviewing the whole menu, we decided to order a Gyoza Lunch, Tiger Eye, Crawfish Roll, Atlanta Roll, and Ninja Roll. At first we only wanted a Gyoza appetizer, but the Gyoza Lunch was only about $2 more and came with amenities such as miso soup and green salad, so we figured why not? The starters came first. Opposed to getting just one soup based on the Gyoza Lunch order, I also got a soup. The miso soup had the standard tofu, seaweed, and scallions. Not only was it free, but it was a very well-balanced soup. Most places find it difficult to create the right balance of miso, but this miso soup was the exception. The miso was well pronounced in the broth. The second free starter we received was the cucumber salad from the sushi chef. It was basically a variation of the "noodle salad" found in other sushi restaurants: thinly sliced cucumbers and carrot strings mixed with a spicy mayonnaise dressing. The salad was very light and refreshing. It was a great starter to a meal. 
Our orders came at a very steady pace. The Gyoza Lunch was presented first and then the different orders of sushi came afterwards. We slowly enjoyed our meal as we were watching college football on their flat screen. When we were finished, we said thank you and ventured once more down to the dreary first floor. When I was exiting, I couldn't help but notice a dark tunnel wrapped in black tarp with a sign signaling customers to view the Christmas decorations inside. It was so random, strange, and out of place. 
Overall, my meal was enjoyable as always. The only thing I could not get over was the contrast of desolateness found when entering the restaurant downstairs compared to the cozy friendliness found upstairs. 
Gyoza Lunch- This bento box was larger than I expected. It came with a side salad, seaweed and bean curd salad, bowl of fried rice, and 2 pieces of fruit. The gyoza tasted like any store bought dumpling found in the freezer isle, but the presentation and other amenities were why I enjoyed it.  
Tiger Eye- Usually a roll with salmon and veggies wrapped with squid on the outside. This roll fell into the norm compared to other variations of this dish. The dish was slightly overpriced for the quality and quantity. Overall, the dish was alright, but I probably would not order it again.  
Crawfish Roll- This is one basic roll I must order every time I get sushi. This roll was made of spicy crawfish and asparagus. Although the menu stated that this roll was not spicy, it had a little kick to it. I was not impressed, but the roll was well presented and I enjoyed the roll. 
Atlanta Roll- White tuna with cucumber, avocado, green onions, and smelt roe. The roll was well proportioned and not too heavy. White tuna is considered to be one of the fattier tunas, but this roll was very refreshing and light. 
Ninja Roll- This roll consisted of tuna, yellowtail, salmon, shrimp, crab stick, eel, snow crab, smelt roe, and vegetables. Every sushi restaurant has their "signature" roll, but they are all pretty much the same. I ordered this roll for the quantity and it was spot on. It was hearty and filling.I've given this place several opportunities to prove themselves worthy since they changed hands some years ago. However it seems to have only suffered since then. The rolls are serviceable for carryout or delivery. In good faith I cannot come back and expect the quality of food or warmth of service I had received in the past.We ordered for pick-up in February and the food was inedible - the mayonnaise in the ninja salad was spoiled; the rice on all of the sushi was undercooked and hard; and the entire meal was inedible. We have dined at Ninja for a long time, but this is the 3rd time in the last 6 months that we have ordered a meal which is completely inedible. 
Today we called to talk to the manager, Ricky, who told us he would rectify the problem by replacing the order. He denied ever speaking with us and refused to replace the order as he had told us he would. This is consistent with our past experiences with Ricky. 
The only thing worse than the quality of food at Ninja is the customer service.
We will no longer dine at Ninja. I would recommend dining at any of the many nearby sushi restaurants that will offer a more pleasant experience - Chiba, Origami, Kyoto, Little Tokyo.Im marking this one as my favorite sushi restaurant. Being a vegetarian this place has a huge selection of rolls (make sure you ask for the VEGETARIAN MENU). The Bugs Bunny and Sweet Potato are the best.Easily one of the best sushi places in New Orleans.  A longtime resident purveyor of fresh cuts, Ninja rarely falters in it's delivery of tried and true sushi classics.Fantastic food and service.   We sat at the sushi bar and watched our rolls being prepared.  All fresh ingredients. I even watched as they peeled the avocado and cucumber for our rolls. We started with shrimp tempura and then we had miso soup (also very good).  We then ordered three different rolls (with soybean paper b/c I'm not a big nori fan). We had left overs that we had for breakfast the next day.  My hubby ordered hot sake filtered (he usually likes the unfiltered but that was a little too pricey) and I had a gin and tonic (they have a full bar downstairs).  Don't let the outside fool you it is very nice inside once you make your way up the stairs.  The staff was very attentive and checked on us asking if everything was good at least three times. Prices were very reasonable too.   While there explore the block.  It was very interesting neighborhood.  All and all it was an enjoyable experience.Phenomenal food, service is great, and staff is very quick to correct any mistakes that occur.Sushi is well priced but the place really needs a good cleaning. Lots of good stuck between the seats.took almost an hour to get my sushi, despite going to the earliest dinner I can remember, 5:45pm.  I saw numerous take out orders being filled before the DINE in Crowd was served.  Does not seem like the best way to treat customers who take the time to eat in the restaurant.  
Great sushi however the wait is too much for me to go back anytime soon.This was the first Japanese restaurant I tried in NOLA after moving from Socal.  It is surprisingly good.  I never thought I would be able to find good sushi here.  It's also great for families.  My kids love it and my wife doesn't mind even though she is not a big sushi fan.  The kids love the kids meals served in airplane or train dishes and supplied with rubber band loaded chopsticks.  They also like the Ramune soft drinks which have a marble instead of a cap that seals the bottle.  The service is always good and starts with hot towels.  My favorite is the rainbow roll but I also like the box sushi.  The tempura is crispy and light.  The teriyaki sauce has a nice strong flavor which I like.  I would give it five stars, but you enter through a downstairs bar area that is dark, musty, and unfinished.  It seems like it would be fairly easy to make this into a nicer entrance.The changes to the menu and original recipes are not for the better. They changed the Ninja Salad. I can't believe it. I used to dream about that little salad and now it's gone. The salad I had today wasn't even close. What a disappointment. I will not be back.We went in for drinks and karaoke.  They were completely out of tequila which is crazy.. we ordered 3 vodka drinks and the total was $32 before tip. Way over priced for Tito's vodka.I am a loyal customer since they opened on Jeannette street.  I have to say that the place is in serious decline right now.  Rolls are getting really small (they fit FIVE rolls in one container last night!) and whenever I order something to take out, it is invariably wrong, and usually takes close to an hour...... I used to love this place and either go and pick up at least 3-4 times a week.  Now, I'm down to once a month to see if they can get their act together.My favorite sushi place in town. Easily stacks up to the best in San Francisco or NYC as far as creativity and freshness. 
Strongly recommend!!We are from Chicago and frequent sushi restaurants.  This was some of the best sushi we have ever had. The food was exquisite and the owners are so very nice. This is a must if your in the New Orleans area.Sushi: 4 stars
Service: 0-1 star
Ambiance: 1 star
Mardi Gras roll ($12.95) and the other roll we ordered were both fantastic.  The ramen with tempura ($7.95) was tasteless. 
Unfortunately, the outrageously poor service is what ruined this experience.  The restaurant's 3 waiters were totally overwhelmed.  There were people walking up to them with their check books eager to pay after being abandoned at the table.  One harried waiter spilled a glass of water on his customers and hardly apologized.  
We were not greeted at the door, despite having a reservation, for at least 5 minutes.  Someone finally noticed us and beaconed us to sit down.  Our waiter them seemed incensed and commented that we'd "seated ourselves".  We were not provided menus, nor drinks for 10 minutes.  
We got our sushi in relatively short order, but waited about 40 minutes for the ramen.  The waiter continuously visited our table making promises that it would "be right out," until, finally, I told them that we would prefer to just leave and cancel the order.  A few moments later, the ramen arrived.  The waiter did not take it off the bill, nor offer any discount or alternative while we waited.
The ambiance is also awful.  Dirty bathrooms and the dining room has bad TVs showing muted local TV.  You have to walk through a bar with a bare concrete floor to get upstairs.
The sushi was great, but this place has such bad service, and is so devoid of personality, that unless we're ordering pick-up for a meal we plan to eat at home two hours away, we'll never patronize them again.Soo underwhelmed. I ordered yellowtail box sushi, something I have ordered time and time again from various sushi places. The portion was sooo small, about half of what I usually get from any other restaurant. On top of that, the yellowtail tasted too fishy to be good quality, I almost threw it out for fear of getting food poisoning. The crab looked like it came out of a can, was super dry and just plain bad.
I was so looking forward to this place, so many of my friends have raved about it. But, small portions, moderate-high prices and less than ok tasting food leads me to cross this off my list of future restaurants to go to.Ninja is by far the best Japanese restaurant in New Orleans - a bit off the beaten path and known and loved  by locals. The sushi is fresh and the rolls are original. Another huge plus is that the snow crab used as filler is absolutely amazing - none of that mayonnaisey junk everywhere else uses. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Ninja may be my favorite New Orleans restaurant!Yummm. I've eaten sushi here and there, this though. Melt in my mouth yummy. So good I virtually was sick eyes bulging! Not really though. Absolutley loviely rainbow roll. The delivery was timely. A Tuesday evening priced as expecting and so worth the 25 dollar min. Thank You.This is my local Sushi restaurant, they are consistant and have great sushi chefs at he bar where we always sit.  I am very happy with the quality and value and you can't go wrong here for a family sushi restaurant.Returned on a Friday night - My friend and I were the only table not with children.  Seriously.  This restaurant was the sushi equivalent of Chuck E. Cheese.  The kids have it great though - little airplane plates with good stuff.  Will not return though.  The baby crying during my warm sake was a total turn-off...Great sushi and even better service!! The sushi chef Steve was so nice and really got to know us. Made me feel like they care about their customers and making people feel like/become regulars. Ricky the owner was really sweet too. Talked to us at the end and gave us free dessert! We had the soft shell crab which was delicious a spicy one (can't remember the name) that was really good topped with seared tuna. Must try!Food is so delicious. Sashimi is extremely fresh. Service is great. By far, my favorite sushi restaurant in nola.I heart Ninja. I can't believe that in all the years I lived Uptown I never went to this sushi place, but now that I have discovered it, I have a hard time going back to my old favorites, Kyoto and Mikimoto. Enough has been said about the strange restaurant layout, but I do have to say that it is a huge plus that there is a parking lot because Oak St. can be "difficult."  I have always had prompt, friendly service here, especially the day we ran in from a thundering downpour and the hostess offered to turn down the AC so we wouldn't get the chills. The sushi and rolls are the freshest and the cold noodle salad (Chinese Salad) is divine. Add a little hot sake to the mix and call it a night! Beware the smoking Volcano Roll, however, lest you think you woke up in some crazy Las Vegas tiki bar.Don't waste your money.   We ordered from UberEats on a Monday night,  and after waiting an hour,  the food ranged from okay to inedible.   The miso ginger topped spicy crab roll was the highlight - good flavor and nice and spicy,  but it wasn't well rolled,  and the pieces fell apart when picked up.  The other roll had tuna and eel, but they hadn't placed them properly,  and each piece only had one type of fish in it instead of both.   The lettuce wraps looked like leftover chicken bits with some soy sauce dumped on top - no flavor at all.   The worst was the pork belly bao.  Completely inedible.   The pork was tough,  gristle-y and undercooked - we couldn't even bite through it.   It was like greasy shoe leather.  For almost $50 that is disgraceful.   I should have checked the other reviews first - how is this place still open?!Ninja is a great uptown sushi spot. The service is great and so is the sushi. If you sit at the sushi bar you get the ninja salad. Its really delicious! You cannot go wrong with the Special Crunchy Roll or the Rainbow Roll. The firefighter and the oak street rolls a great, too. Avoid the sea urchin and the lemon roll. I sent both back!
And if anyone ever gets their hands on a ninja headband like the sushi chefs wear, let me know! I have been trying to get one for months now, with no luck!Terrible. We ordered a rainbow roll, crunchy dynamite roll, ninja house special roll, and udon for dinner for delivery. The udon was bland except for the overwhelming taste of salt, it was missing the chicken we paid for. The rolls were tasteless, small, and few pieces for the price we paid. Incredibly disappointed and surprised.I like Ninja.  I don't love Ninja.  It doesn't excite me, and I think the "Best Sushi in New Orleans" title is thrown around pretty loosely where they are concerned, but I do find myself going back on a pretty regular basis.  For takeout, mind you - the fishy odor and lukewarm overly casual service upstairs are not something I see myself eating in to experience again anytime soon.  
Ninja has a strong separate vegetarian menu, with some pretty interesting rolls.  They have a gluten free menu as well, which is a nice touch, though I am not sure how often one really runs into gluten issues at a sushi bar.  Consistency is not their strong suit, though (perhaps sadly) they do a better job in that regard than any other sushi spot I have been to in NOLA (I still have high hopes for Chiba taking that spot as they continue to distance themselves from the rocky opening).  
Ninja is the comfort food of sushi in my book.  I don't go when I want a night out, or when I am in the mood to savor every bite of a beautifully constructed dish presented by a warm and attentive server - but when I want to pick up some solid nice-sized rolls with a nice array of veggies and (usually) fresh fish for a relaxing night in, they remain my go-to spot.
Try the Firefighter roll sometime (don't worry, it isn't that spicy), and thank me later.New management-  was not sure for the last couple of visits but tonight's meal was really good.  I had had my doubts recently but am converted.  The special Nemo roll was amazing.  The green wave roll was sooo good.  The appetizer - calamari was omg good.uh... no... Its cheap, though. That explains it. If you normally go to a sushi restaurant and order rolls, then you'd like this place.  I read some of the previous reviews here and then agreed to check out this place thinking its ' the best place' ...'I heart this place'...etc. If you want real-sushi, then I'd go to Horinoya. 
A party of four on a Friday night. The wait was 45 minutes. Service was not even worth mentioning. My friends ordered rolls. Tasted it, boring as usual. The sashimi/sushi and roe was ok like grocery store sushi. 
Party of four, drinks and the long wait for $90 dollars. We left $120; I think we didn't care to do the math bc seriously, it was a $5 service. Parking is dark, dingy and when you enter, the guys at the bar are just hanging out like its their living room.  I don't hate this place but certainly never hiking from CBD to Ninja's to wait for grocery-store quality sushi.Great food and friendly staff.  Try the roasted shishito peppers and they have some of the best hot 'n sour soup in the city.  Very affordable.Omg!, I had stopped going there over the last couple of years but heard they were under new ownership. What a delightful surprise! Service was fast and efficient,  and quality of the sushi was incredible!  What a huge improvement. .. Ninja is once again my favorite sushi restaurant in new Orleans!Absolutely horrible. I've never had a manager of a restaurant be so rude. Our order was so wrong he wanted us to send him a photo of what we received because he didn't believe us-- to HIS personal cellphone. We will not be ordering from this establishment ever again. So disappointing.Handmade sushi is fresh and artistically prepared.  Very tasty.  The atmosphere is casual.  You walk off the street into what looks like a dodgy old pool hall, but then go upstairs to what I thin is a typically austere, clean Japanese decor.  It has a serenity to it that makes this one of my favorite lunch spots.  I could just sit hear and meditate, but the sushi is too good to ignore.  Ninja doesn't have that hustle-bustle service that I have found in other sushi places, it is a pleasant place to be.  It is way off the tourist path, even during big festivals.  Come and get centered, slow down, relax.My husband and I LOVE this place.  We've moved around in the past few years, and we haven't been able to find anything comparable to it in Houston or Miami.  They just can't compete with the service and fresh quality that Ninja offers.I used to like this place bc their crunchy rolls were the best damn thing on the menu. They were different in that the tempura flakes were seasoned different and it contained green onions in it. Now, the crunchy roll is just as basic as all the other crunchy rolls from a sushi restaurant. Very disappointed and saddened.We waited an hour from the time we ordered to the time our food came.  When it came it was decent at best.  If you like a sushi roll that falls apart in your hand well this is the place.  BE ADVISED also that the Ninja roll has eel sauce slathered all over it but it makes no mention of this on the menu.  So if you don't like eel sauce do not order this roll.  I learned that one the hard way.  
Did I mention it was 95 degrees outside and Ninja had AC issues.  It was on but it was still hotter than comfortable and to have to wait an hour on sushi rolls in that heat was a bit ridiculous.
They never offered us anything as an apology for the heat or the wait either. No discount, no dessert, no manager came to apologize, even if they'd have offered to pack the order up "to go" for us it would have been something but instead we got nothing at all.  The server said, "sorry for the wait" but that's all we got.  I don't think they cared much about our wait or the heat and I also don't I think we'll be back anytime soon.
BLEH!!!!!!!!!Once upon a time, this place was on Jeannette Street and it was called Shigure. My dad and I lived around the corner and used to come here for a treat. 
We thought it was odd that the ladies who ran it had a boss, as they ran it just fine. And they taught us how to eat sushi.
Then, one day, it turned to Ninja sushi. The ladies had bought the place out. The food got a little better. The ladies kept talking to us (my dad had a distinctive beard).
We brought friends in, and they raved about it. We brought friends in who'd lived and worked in Japan, and they raved about it. I didn't know how good I had it, really. New Orleans is known for its seafood, but not so much for its raw fish.
Somewhere in there, they decided that they had to fit into a larger place. So they moved around to Oak street, down almost at Leonidas. This was about '97, now, and no Oak street resurrection had happened. It was a little scary-- sometimes the place was only half open now.
The ladies that ran the place were still there, 10+ hours a day, and it seemed like 6 days a week. And they kept churning out fabulous food, though employing the occasional student or local, and training up more sushi chefs.
I always thought it was a little  expensive, but, then, if you're gonna eat raw food you damn well want it to be the best.
Then I moved away, to San Francisco, where there's loads of sushi. Often at much higher prices. Only some of it was as good as Ninja. Every time I came to visit, the ladies were more New Orleanian (Who dat!) and more full.
They were one of the first places open after the storm, with the same high quality food. I ate here in Jan or Feb afterwards. There wasn't ever a question that they wouldn't.
I see some reviews that sometimes the service isn't up to much, or that the food's only OK. I don't get to NOLA enough, but I stop in every time I do, and eat far too much, and I have yet to be disappointed-- whether it's top-quality Otoro or their own local-style concoction-- specially spiced for the local palate. This place makes me happy. It could be all the associations and over 20 years of history with it, but they are fabulous.
And they remember me. I've gone from 15 to almost 40, had short, then long, then short hair, turned up in ripped jeans and suited and booted, and the ladies greet me like I'm home.
Which I was, last Tuesday. Unfortunately not anymore.I heard this place used to be good, but it isn't anymore and hasn't been for a long time, so there is no sense in hanging on to all of this sushi baggage. It is time to move on and explore the plenty of other fabulous sushi joints the city has to offer (Asuka and Sushi Brothers... to name a couple). 
I don't expect sushi places to have the best ambiance, but at Ninja you enter through a sort of cave or dungeon-like entrance and are greeted by an empty bar. Self-serve? I wish. That would be the one redeeming quality of this place. Keep going up the stairs to the equally lackluster restaurant. There you can order sushi rolls filled with entirely too much sticky rice, and if you're lucky it will be doused with a bucket of sauce because that will cover up the fishy taste. 
The service there is so dreadful it is borderline entertaining. You may really get a laugh if the creepy owner decides to hover around with his looming presence making the staff on edge inadvertently making service even worse. 
It is rare for me to give a restaurant only one star, but I can't even count on one hand how many times I have been to this place and finally gave up. I'm trying to save you from the heartbreak and wasting your money.We had such a warm welcome in Ninja today. It was our first visit and everyone from the barman downstairs to our lovely waitress happily answered all our questions. 
We munched on some very tasty endamame beans while reading the hugely diverse veggie menu. The selection and range were astounding! 
When our dinners arrived they were even better than we had anticipated. The tofu steak dinner was superb, with more accompaniments than I could even begin to describe. It has to be ordered to be believed. The udon noodles in the soup were cooked to perfection. It truly was a taste sensation.Ninja is my husband and I's favorite place to go for sushi. Don't expect for your socks to be blown off, its just good sushi for a good price. Highly recommend the special crunchy roll and the gomamiso roll.love Steve and the rolls he comes up with.  My favorite is the Rainbow Box and add crunchy.  WinnerMy heart weights heavy on this matter. I don't even like to talk about it when brought up by other locals and usually say it's like a bad breakup. I grew up in the riverbend area and have had a love affair with ninjas since it opened its doors at their first location on Jeannette street. I have loved it so much I HAD to go at least once a week for my fix. BUTTT unfortunately ever since the new ownership, it's declined. The place is ALWAYS empty even on a Saturday night when it used to be packed, so that's the first clue it's declined. Ever since the new ownership, some of my favorite rolls/ recipes have changed. Now I am all about the raw fish, as long as it's fresh it's hard to mess that up, but honestly one of my favs was just their crunchy  roll/special crunchy. I LOVED it, and I loved it wasn't the same old generic over mayo snow crab with crap tempura flakes pushed to the side instead of mixed together. . It used to be shredded imitation crab mixed all together with tempura flakes, smelt roe, and their awesome egg sauce, again, MXED ALL TOGETHER with asparagus! Perfection! No more . Also their snow crab and spicy snow crab WAS amazing not mayo filled, and had black sesame seeds mixed in. But they changed that too, and now it's mayo filled generic that you can get at every other sushi place. So needless to say since most rolls have crunchy filling or snow crab in them, they have ruined all my favorite rolls. I also used to love the ninjas salad, but last 2 times I ordered it, the mayo was rancid. I have started making my own version at home for my fix. The Cajun tuna tataki, and miso soup are still the same and very good. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE go back to the original recipes by the original owner, they even have the old owner making the original crunchy roll filling video on YOUTUBE! I want to love you guys again and would hate to see you close, but you have let me as a customer (and I came A LOT) unless you go back to original recipes.I like Ninja a lot! The food is spectacular. It gets 1 star because I ordered online and when the food arrived and I checked my order I was missing a dish. I called to let them know and "Nia" or at least that is what she said her name was basically accused me of lying.  Then became very aggressive. I'm sitting here looking at 4 containers when there should have been 5 and she's telling me no. Just assuming that someone is a liar is bad business. I'll be there tomorrow in person. Deeply offended. Again, the food is amazing but check your food orders at the door or be called a liar and taken for the $$$The price increased and the quality decreased since the ownership change. Servers are nice but not professional. Even the music choice became more disturbing and annoying. It was one of my favorite restaurant with its unique amibance and delious food with the personal touches. Now the food tastes mediocre and mass produced. It wasn't the Japanese restaurant I remembered it to be anymore. Will not come back.Great service, great food, great experience! The soft shell crab was my favorite, but jalepeno poppers, special sushi pizza, and ninja salad were hits as well!We went mid-week at prime dinner time and were immediately ushered from the weird dark shack like bar downstairs, to the very well-lit upstairs and immediately seated at the bar, but many tables were open, too.
I thought the food was very good and very well-priced - I walked out totally stuffed w/ a slight sake buzz for less than $30. In fact, we had ordered too much and were sad to leave it behind but just couldn't force in another bite. The music selection of Oldies is a little odd - but tolerable as the sushi chefs make fun of it, too. They were very friendly, as was our waitress. I would definitely recommend this place.Shockingly bad service.  You can literally wave your hand back and forth and not get noticed here.  I had a single California roll arrive so late that it went straight into a to go box.  It was taking so long that I repeatedly tried to get the waitresses attention.  From what I hear, the owners deduct credit card fees from the servers tips and other deductions as well.  If I worked here I'd be miserable too.
It's time for a major renovation.  The deserted ground floor bar looks haunted and the bathrooms are filthy and old, never a good sign in a restaurant.Hubby and I ate here during our vacation in September and we are not disappointed !! 
We are from a city where sushi restaurants are at every corner but this spot was definitely memorable !! 
The place is not crowded and tables close together like most sushi restaurants. We came on a night that seem pretty busy but even then, our food came out in a decent amount of time and our servers were attentive. Even when the servers were busy with other customers, the owners came to check on us to make sure that everything was going well.
Their rolls were delicious, I dont remember the names to it all because my husband decided to order several different rolls. My son is not a sushi eater but they had a chicken katsu dish that he absolutely loved ! We had to order more to go for him to have at the hotel.
Anytime our friends ask for recommendations in New Orleans, we recommend for them to try this place.Such an awful experience.  We had a large party of 15, but they said they could accommodate us.  After waiting an hour and a half for a table (without complaining), we were taken upstairs but then split into two groups and unable to sit together.  We took this in stride and split up.  Then, as we looked at our menus, water began to drip from the ceiling onto one of the people at our table.  We went to the manager (an old man who looked like he was straight out of the big lebowski) and told him what was happening and he just stood there silent.  He then told us to just do whatever we were gonna do, whatever that meant.  So we decided to try to move our table over.  He then came over and screamed at us in front of the entire restaurant "Just leave!  You can't just move tables!" and kicked both of our tables out of the restaurant.  The entire place went quite, with most of the patrons shocked at what had happened to us. 
I will never, ever go back to Ninja, and highly recommend you avoid it as well.Ninja is one of my all time favorites! I was introduced by a friend during my Tulane days. It used to be in this tiny house on Jeanette St, at time it was only a few blocks from my house. I really miss it and go every time I am in Nola.
Why I return:
Sushi is fresh and tastes great
Service is attentive 
Prices are good
I heart Ninja!biggest and best Uni i have ever eaten
sushi chef guided me through the many selections honestly
contender for best sushi in NOLAIf there was less than 1 star, I would give it. Wow ninja sushi, where to begin? How about the 10 minute wait for WATER. Now let's move to the 30-40 minute wait for food. Entree first? Duh. Why would anyone want an appetizer first?! Food was actually good upon arrival but really? That long? I've been here for almost an hour at this point and am just getting my meal. Drinks? $20 for 1 vodka soda and 1 beer. Now the finale- AUTO GRATUITY FOR A 4 TOP! Are you kidding? Worst service I've had in probably 1-2 years. And you guys auto gratuity-ed? That is truly comical. No idea how they have survived this long. Family probably owns the building. Don't waste your time going here, really.Went to eat there a couple months ago and we ran into a couple problems. One of us ordered something that was never brought to the table, and it was the only thing she ordered but it never showed up. Secondly, the waters we ordered had what looked to be described as "rat poop" in them. I used to go to Ninja all the time, but this experience has opened my eyes to other places. I recommend that if you want sushi/Japanese head a couple blocks over to Hanna. Much better quality food for just about the same price.Great sushi selection, but they are working on cutting back on how many menus you have to sift through. Great 80's music playing through the sound system. I wonder if it's only on Saturday nights because they played the station the last Saturday I was here. Nice bar downstairs if you just want drinks. Great way they call from downstairs and tell host how many people to seat. Sushi is great, btw.Terrible service and a "we don't care" attitude. Not only were we not served for a half an hour while others after us got their food, our server gave us attitude and asked if we were done and wanted the check when we complained to him. 
We got another server, she was nice, but when we asked her to let us speak to a a manager, she said to leave a phone number because the manager was too busy.
I counted 10 people in the restaurant at that time, 5 of which had already gotten their food.
We used to order pretty often, their quality had been lagging lately, but out of loyalty we continued.
Don't waste your money on this place. It's not worth the time or effort. Treat them like they would treat you, go somewhere else.Ninja was my favorite place to get sushi until the new ownership ruined it. All of my peers agree that the quality has decreased significantly. Now a days I'll go anywhere but ninja for sushi. Truly disappointed.Out of all the sushi places in New Orleans, my friend and I agree that this is the best place. We always come back here because the price, the quantity, and the quality is always good compared to other Japanese restaurants in town.First time in 5 years. I was reluctant to try it since they changed ownership in 2012/13? But I saw a Groupon so I decided to give it a try. It is just okay. Nothing horrible but nothing amazing! And it is waaaay overpriced! The rolls are much smaller than they used to be, the eechi roll is no longer there. I honestly didn't go there to compare,I walked in with an open mind. It's definitely not worth going back.I thought the food was really overpriced and the rolls were very small. I paid 15 dollars for a roll that I could have easily paid 10 dollars for. I got the Raging Cajun and it had 8 small pieces of sushi. Pretty average tasting. 
The waiters are were very efficient which I appreciated. 
Overall, probably would not go here often for sushi just because it was overpriced.The food was good, I had the crunch salad and honestly it was delish and fresh and light, I'd recommend. Also had a miso soup and glass of house white. My server was also good and friendly. 3/5 because overpriced ($26 for my lil lunch) wine pour was weaakk and environment is a bit odd.The food is above average, but the service is bad. It took forever for 3 rolls.  We sat at the sushi bar. I got 1 roll at a time in the span of one hour and a half.  Squid salad came out fast. It was excellent. Try the Atlanta roll. 
We tried to get our server's attention several times.  He looked right at me and ignored us. I would just get take out from now on.This USED to be our absolute favorite sushi restaurant, but since they changed ownership it's not good. I'm absolutely heartbroken! I don't want to blame the guys making the sushi...it's not their fault. The fish just didn't taste fresh. We may give it another shot, but it looks like we'll be having to find another sushi spot. I knew something was off the minute I sat down. I feel sickI didn't eat here, but probably had the best time I've ever had singing karaoke. Great time had by all.I absolutely love Ninja!! Everything is top-notch from the ambiance and service to the food. The upstairs dining area is really relaxing as the lighting is nice and the seating is comfertable. That being said, the downstairs environment needs a little improvement, but I don't really mind it because you are only downstairs for a couple of minutes while you wait to be seated upstairs. Every server that I have ever had here was friendly and accomadating. Lastly, the food is the bomb...so fresh and tasty!!! The cajun tuna tataki appetizer is a must if you like tuna!! All in all, Ninja is a very enjoyable dining out experience! Just as a side note: their hours are kind of weird; they close at some point in the middle of the day and then reopen at night.It's been a favorite for more than 20 years! The wasabi shumai and the box sushi are my go tos.Ninja is my favorite place in New Orleans to have sushi. I have been a customer here for 15 years. The rolls are larger than most sushi bars. It's a laid back place and prices are reasonable try the Goma miso roll its excellent. Their fish is always the freshest.Ate here last night and it was delicious once again. Started with the jalapeno poppers which are amazing. Then, had a delicious cup of hot and sour soup. For rolls, the Green Wave Roll is always my favorite....so Fresh! We, also had the Volcano Roll and my husband has the Shrimp Pad Tha which was some of the best pad thai I've had in the Nola area. Service is always great.. Jeremy and Chef Ricky are the best!!I'm conflicted slightly. Everyone LOVES Ninja and lists it as their favorite sushi place. But really, I'm not super impressed. 
First there's always a long wait to get a table. Even when we made a reservation for our large party we still had to wait. Why get a reservation for a specific time if you can't honor it?
The sushi itself isn't super special. The vast majority is the same rolls I get everywhere else. Yes, there are some great appetizers and house special rolls, but they aren't enough for me to make a trip just for them.
But here's the real kicker, the price. I can get the same sushi that I like to eat at other places for much, much less. I feel like i'm paying a premium for the Ninja name or the ability to tell people "I had dinner at Ninja".
But even with those complaints I've had some great times there, but that was because of the company. Ok, last time I had a chirashi dinner and it was overflowing with cuts of fish and for once worth the $20+ for it, but it's kind of the exception and not the rule.
I still wind up visiting Ninja about once a year because someone wants to eat there. It's long enough for me to forget the things I don't like, but that means a bit of disappointment all over again. At least the food is tasty.I was so impressed! I had been to Ninja's when it was the little house down the street and when it moved to this larger location, but it had been about 2/3 years since our last visit. I never did understand the big deal raves about Ninja until we just popped in again recently. Seriously excellent sushi. Their "Ninja" salad amouse bouche is one of my favorite things in the city now. We had the Liger Roll which was salmon, red snapper, and avocado topped with Japanese mayo, spicy mayo, eel sauce, and scallions - it was wrapped in soy and crispy rice. It was delicious. Also tried another roll that had lemon and jalapeno, also very tasty. Two thumbs up on Ninja's - its back on our sushi rotation.I am from the West Coast and I have been having trouble finding a decent sushi place that is comparable to back home. I have only done a couple takeout orders from Ninja and both times the sushi has been amazing. I do not know how it is as a dine-in experience as I have only seen it in the day time but it does seem to be a bit of an odd setup. Other then that, I highly recommend Ninja. The staff was friendly and the sushi was awesome. So I say, go for it.I had a great lunch with my wife and teenager on a Saturday.
We were the only people in the restaruant.
The service was very good and the food was fresh and delicious.
I enjoyed the green tea and my wife and teen said the lemonade was great.  
The sushi was very good and the tempura crunchy and delicious.Since I last went to Ninja, they've changed the menu entirely, and not for the better in my opinion. It makes me really sad to say that the fish tasted slightly off. And the emphasis is on rolls with *lots* of sauce to hide the flavors. I ordered takeout and sat at the bar.
I really wanted the okra tempura which is no longer on the menu, but they did offer to make my veggie tempura all okra, if they could. And they did and it was yummy...although a bit greasy.  The blue crab sushi which was another former favorite ended up in the trash since it tasted awful.  My other items were just blah. Nothing special about them.
I remember eating at their Jeannette location about a million years ago and being amazed by the taste and the presentation. I'm not sure what's going on now.In a time where even the most well-meaning restaurants might fall prey to pretention or worse, irony (glad those prefab trailer trash restaurants don't exist here), Ninja is full of great intentions. There's the oak tag signs that sincerely greet you on the way in with specials and operating hours, not to mention the guileless and well-meaning waitstaff (not a hipster in sight). I applaud their eagerness to please: yay for wheat-free and vegetarian menus.
I've written two five star reviews for Chiba and now it's at the point where I actually crave their tempura and vegetable rolls with soy paper, so yesterday, I wanted Chiba like whoa, so up, Uptown we go!... only to find that it was closed. WAH!!!!!!! No, seriously, I was crestfallen (I like this word and need to use it more often). But hey, there's Ninja right down the block and I'd been meaning to try it after I read so many great things about their vegetarian rolls. 
I kind of like the whole walking in to that weird bar area with the giant beckoning blow-up Maneki Neko that's at odds with the kinda dour decor. The dude with the headset makes the entire operation seem kinda... well, secret Ninja-like! I am not sure that's intentional, which makes it all even funnier. And yes, I got a chuckle out of all the oak tag signs, including the one on the closed door that said something to the effect of "Hello, please come, this door is only closed to keep out the heat. Happy Summer!" I mean, the closed door doesn't have a window on it and it seems like you're coming up from a basement speakeasy. Anyway, you open the door and are greeted by the aforementioned bright and shiny waitstaff.
Similarly the entire dining room: wayyyyy too bright and shiny! Wayyyyyyyyyyyyy. Dim those lights please. It would do wonders for the ambiance, as the chairs seem like 1980s kitchen chairs and the overall vibe is just so dated. When you consider the prices are about the same as the ultra chic Chiba down the block, well, that alone would make Ninja a distant second choice. I think ambiance is pretty important and all I could think about was: WWGRD (What Would Gordon Ramsey Do), especially after I went to the bathroom and saw half of the dropped ceiling was missing and exposed what was going on up there. I didn't wanna know!!!
On to the food. You do have to ask for the special menu. No big deal, really, but normally I never ask for a special menu in Japanese restaurants, so it would be a great idea to indicate that they have special menus on their regular menu. Similarly, it would be really *really* awesome if on the special menu, they'd describe what the specialty rolls are about, rather than giving them obscure names, like "The Richard Roll" or the "Tear Drop Roll." Our waitress had to go ask. I only asked about those two, and then felt bad, so I gave up and ordered a spicy vegetable roll to start (not good. I was told there was avocado in it, which it did not and desperate needed to balance the sourness of whatever is in there) and the tofu steak dinner. This was quite good, and a terrific value at 10.50 for basically a bento box that includes yasai (delicious chopped/sauteed vegetables), oshinko, a vegetable roll and tofu. She forgot the rice, but I didn't want it anyway, so it's all good.
On that note, service, while *extremely nice* and attentive was equally awkward. I just liked her so much that it wasn't a big deal. But... well, she committed my biggest pet peeves: serving an app after serving the entree and, worse yet, clearing plates while we're still eating and asking if we want dessert. The final insult, she dropped the check off while we were still eating, too. All unacceptable no-nos unless I'm eating breakfast in a truck stop (which, by the way, never ever happens:)
I'll give Ninja another shot, most likely for lunch, when I care less about ambiance. For dinner, it'll be Chiba forever when I need my sushi fix. Just a final note: I think that this restaurant could be awesome if they did some renovations and trained the staff to catch up with the standards of excellent service that are prevalent in this fine city of ours.