Nola Beans is a cute little coffee shop in the heart of Lakeview. The staff is friendly and courteous and the space is a good place to have a conversation or clack out some work on your laptop using their Wifi. I had a very tasty croissant and an average turtle cookie. They offer baked goods, sandwiches, salads, numerous coffee drinks, and sodas. My favorite thing about Nola Beans is the variety of flavors that they offer in iced coffee. Most coffee shops just offer standard iced coffee, but they had close to ten different flavors to choose from! This is a great little shop to relax and waste some time in on a beautiful day in Lakeview.This place is adorable. Nola Beans is in a great location on Harrison Ave. in the old dry cleaner building. The renovation is very well done and the design concept is attractive. The staff is friendly and the ladies restroom is always very clean with a nice little changing table available.  ...And that's the extent of the good news from Nola Beans.   
Naturally the mainstay of every coffee shop is the coffee. Unfortunately the coffee at Nola Beans is severely lacking. I'm not sure why they have a problem with taste, but the coffee is never hot enough either. I always order a medium or a dark roast and at most shops run by locals you can always expect a flavorful cup. Not at Nola Beans. The coffee is weak at best. 
Now about the food, the menu sounds great. I want the food to be good. The menu is appropriate for this size and location of the shop. With a few tweaks the food could be great. I live nearby and I have ordered food at least 8 times within the last year. The food is inconsistent. Maybe the preparers need additional training? I'm not sure. But you would think that at least the chips served alongside the wraps would be fresh. All they have to do is open a bag, right?!?  Sadly, you would be wrong. Lately not even the chips are good.Just down the street from our house. I like the sausage, egg biscuit. I get the egg over easy. My mom loves to stroll my son here for coffee. Strollers can enter through the back door. The club sandwich is decent but pricey. Some staff members could be a little more friendly, but most are great. Closes early like everything else on Harrison.Coffee is not great, but very well priced.  The baristas are friendly and get you your coffee fast.  Also, provide free water.  food looks great even though I have never eaten there.  Over all it's better atmosphere than Starbucks across the street, and they are WAY more cheap.  There internet is fast....that's important.I have given Nola Beans several chances and am disappointed every time. I am an avid coffee drinker and would love to make this one of my regular spots; however, I am DONE with Nola Beans. I went to get coffee twice this week. I ordered a hot mocha, (both times) which tasted like it was all milk with a few squirts of chocolate. There was no coffee taste at all; not even a hint of coffee. When I lifted the lid to look at the mocha, it was a light tan, which is not how mocha looks at all. The first time my coffee was warm, not nearly as hot as it should have been. The second time, my drink was lukewarm, border-lining cold! I was too fed up to turn around and dropped the coffee into the trash can immediately. This seems to be a common occurrence of coffee-drinkers who go to Nola Beans. It appears as if the "baristas" know absolutely nothing about coffee! (Can you really call young high schoolers, who probably don't drink coffee and give horrible service, baristas? I don't think so.) And if there is a recipe guide to help them make the beverages on the menu, they clearly cannot follow a recipe! Or maybe it's not the "baristas;" maybe it's the owners' fault. It appears as if the owners have opened up a shop that sells coffee and know absolutely nothing about coffee; they haven't even crafted their drinks to where they are even tolerable! And I'm not just complaining about the coffee. You order a regular coffee and a syrup flavor and cannot even get through one sip without cringing because they have pumped way too much syrup into the drink! The ice in the frozen lemonade is grainy and way too chunky. Their frappes taste like milk blended with ice and a few squirts of whatever. I can make a better frappe at home! Any beverage from there is a flop! You cannot even get a decent pastry or muffin. It is obvious many of the snacks are store-bought and not made from scratch. Their snacks also look incredibly stale and unappetizing. Also, it shouldn't take 10 minutes to get acknowledged by someone who works there when you walk through the door. It also doesn't take another 10-15 minutes to make a hot mocha! Waiting 20 minutes or more for sucky coffee is not worth it. So sorry Nola Beans, while your location is convenient, I will not set foot through your doors again. Ever again.I went here for lunch last week and it was delightful. Very charming and with wonderful service. I had half a sandwich and tomato soup (YUM) while my friend had a sort of a avocado salad, which she said was great. I'll definitely be back.Bright, open space with lots of seating. Love the quick, easy, cafe vibe. Believe it or not, its been hard to find around here. Places either just serve coffee and stale muffins, or its a sit down restaurant experience. 
I love places like this. Good coffee and food in a quick, casual way. I had the biscuit bacon egg and cheese sandwich. The biscuit was perfectly moist and crumbly. Everything a biscuit should be. The bacon was thick applewood smoked.  Although I do wish it were cooked more.
Can't wait to try some of the lunch items.When I think of this place, I think of delicious, smooth coffee. However, the food here is also worth a try. Good bagel sandwiches!!I loove this place for eggs ... the breakfast wrap is delicious, but they are sooooooooooooooooooo slooooow. Even when I've only gotten a coffee it seems that they can't get it together. Nola Beans, please figure it out because you're deterring me from delicious breakfast!I've been to NOLA Beans before, I feel like every time I go I expect more than what actually comes to my table. I have gotten salads a few times and I feel like they need to up their selection on the quality of the greens. They are obviously right out of a bag and I have always had to pick out some wilted or even slimy pieces.  How hard is it for a place to have fresh greens?  I can keep fresh lettuce in my fridge that I buy from the farmer's market for a good week washed and torn in to pieces and in a zip-lock. I can give lessons if need be! Now I know a place like this is serving lots of salads and they would have no need to worry about fresh greens going bad. This time in particular that I went I got a chicken salad with the Pontchartrain chicken salad. I though since it was a dollar more than the regular it would be something I could write about in a good way, but man was I disappointed. It was merely the regular chicken salad, just add grapes.  So I paid an extra dollar for a few grapes in my chicken salad, they could at least throw some pecans and some poppy seeds in there. Once again, there was wilted lettuce on my sandwich and since I added avocado to it, they in turn forgot to put the tomatoes, so I had to get up from my plate and ask for tomatoes at the counter. I hate that when I ask to add something to a sandwich and they forget something that is supposed to be on it, or if you ask to subtract something from a sandwich and they put way too much of something else in its place. There is a proper proportion and order to sandwiches in my opinion. Once again maybe I need to give some lessons. 
I'm sorry uptown for venturing out that day in search of something I should have known I wouldn't find where I went.Love NOLA Beans! Went here yesterday for a meeting. The iced coffee is good, fresh out of the oven king cake is delicious, and the customer service is top notch! 
Wifi password is "nolabeans" for anyone who needs it. 
My only gripe is that parking is so limited. The Rite Aid next door actually has an employee watch their parking lot to be sure anyone parking in the lot comes into Rite Aid and doesn't go elsewhere. Be careful - they will tow you! I've seen it happen.I love coming here mid-morning during the week. It's never crowded at 9AM. The staff are very friendly. The atmosphere is relaxing and bright. I love the school coasters they sell at the register.
The biscuits are so yummy!
Much better experience than the starbucks down the street.love this place for a cheap breakfast! so cute and the food is delicious. I've only been for breakfast - which is cheap ($2-6) and better than i was expecting for that price! Their coffee is pretty good, nothing special though. 
Update: Went to lunch.......not impressed. Also, I've never had a good pastry from there.  I'll stick to my iced coffee and egg biscuit sandwich!Lets just say that first off if I'm on Harrison I would rather go to Starbucks, but Nola Beans does offer a wider selection of food than the bucks but the coffee let me say eh it's ok.
I love the look of this place it has nice seating inside and the baristas are quite nice.  
The coffee, not horrible, not great, just so so.
I love trying new places and this is a fun place to go, but the food is a little over priced.
If you're in the area, it's a decent place to stop for a quick lunch and a coffee, but keep in mind they close fairly early.
Note: I've only had cold espresso drinks here.This is a fine little coffee shop! They do have pastry and it seems fresher than the Starbucks, down the street, but the selection is limited. I have not tried their breakfast menu yet but it looks really diverse. I just had the Club Sandwich which was very good with all the typical club sandwich ingredients, each giving me the feeling that it was fresh and that the assembly was thoughtfully done. Nothing fancy just a really good club. In past lunch visits I have tried the Ruben, chicken salad and egg salad sandwiches, I found all were delicious and nicely presented. I want to try more.
As an espresso freak, I think NOLA Bean makes a good cup (7/10), and nearby, again better than Starbucks unless you like flavored coffee and toppings.
PS You might get one of those iced cookies with your espresso!I'm a fan of NOLA Beans mostly for it's vibe and location. It's in a great area of Lakeview, and the place is very open and airy. The coffee is okay. I tend to get the flavored iced coffees. There's a wide variety of flavors to choose from! 
Typically, I come early AM during the weekdays. They're not too crowded, and I pick up a coffee and breakfast sandwich. Quick and reasonably priced. They also serve lunch which I've only had once. They're closed for dinner. 
Free wi-fi, just ask for the password. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. A couple of tables are outside if you want to sit out on the sidewalk. 
If you're looking for somewhere not-Starbucks with some food and caffeine options, give it a try! Note, on Sundays the get a large after-church crowd so keep that in mind.I stopped by for lunch while in town for business...such a wonderful find!  There were a few vegetarian choices (difficult to find in this city), and my wrap was *delicious*.  All of the staff people I interacted with were great, but since the restaurant is small things did get a bit crowded around lunch time.Cute neighborhood cafe in Lakeview. Super cheap yummy breakfast sandwiches (I bought a bacon and egg on 15 grain bread that was 3.85)
Friendly staff, definitely Sysco supplied but they offer raw sugar, honey, and stevia.
It's not craft coffee. Come with basic expectations and leave happy.
The actual rating is 3.4 stars.
YOU CANT BOX ME IN YELP!Nola Beans is a wonderful coffeeshop/cafe. I have had breakfast there many times and the egg and cheese biscuit is yummy. The coffee is strong and good, both in hot and iced varities. I would like to try their lunch menu sometime. 
Oh, I had cupcakes there a couple of times and those were good, too. The staff is very friendly. I don't understand why anyone would go to the nearby Starbucks. I try to go to Nola Beans whenever I am in Lakeview. As with anyplace that is small and good, it can get crowded.This place is totes adorbs. 
I'm on a special diet and was having some trouble deciding what I could eat and the barista was really patient with helping me figure it out and then promptly reset the wifi when I said it wasn't working for me. 
Nice atmosphere to crank out work...I'm sitting here now all zenned out and what not. 
The prices are good, too. I got a double cappuccino and a scoop of chicken salad for 5 bucks and some change.I stopped in today for the first time, waitress was nice. They seemed pretty busy. I ordered the Vanilla bean frappe. It tasted good, but they ice chunks were not blended nearly enough. Literally half of my cup was still full with dime size chunks of ice. I ordered it around 1 o' clock and there is still large chunks of ice in the cup. I just wish I could have actually drank the drink. For a $5 Frappe, I would like a full cup, not 1/2 ice.Cute little coffee/lunch spot on Harrison Avenue. There was a good selection of menu items and my service was pretty speedy and the place was pretty jammed.  
My only disappointment was that my egg salad sandwich did not include pickles...but this is a pretty universal lack.  I mean what is an egg salad sammie without pickles. Also, hot sauce is not a good substitute, but really I just tried that in the interest of science.
I cannot comment on the coffee, but did enjoy my free ice tea refills.  
Parking is across the street in the neutral ground lot.This place was really quiet and quaint! Harrison is such a quiet street and their coffee was acceptable.  I'll probably be back for the atmosphere and to try more of their menu!Perfect Lakeview spot to grab a quick bite ! Nola Beans now offers a juice bar and a few organic items for my family. Love the atmosphere and conveniently across from St. Dominic's church for a Sunday brunch. Also, a perfect place to stop for a snack with kids after school. Great way to support a local family owned business!!I am a usual at this coffee shop and lately the food has been terrible. I always order the half and half, Grilled Roast Beef Sandwich with no tomoatoes and half of their soup of the day. Keep in mind the word GRILLED...my sandwich was as FLAT and SOGGY as can be. The Zapp's potato chips were extremely stale. The lettuce was soggy and the Roast Beef was cold.. I had the Baked Potato Soup, it was the worst soup I have ever had. Clumpy and Cold..I will say their frozen lemonade is pretty good as well as the free wi-fi and free tea refills as well. The service is horrible also. The lady screams on the telephone and is so rude when taking your order down whether it is on the phone or in person. She will immediately start talking in Spanish directly after if you complain about something regarding your order. That is not professional. Cute ambiance, but is definetly not worth 5 stars.Horrible coffee. I've came here multiple times and today was last straw. The service was rude and the coffee was again horrible. I got a white chocolate late and all the syrup was at the bottom of there drink.... not sure how the food is but for coffee your better off going to starbucks. Or if u have time to sit down another broken egg that's down the street.This cafe is a local gem. Debbie does doberge full cakes in the case, a substantial and reasonably priced breakfast and lunch menu, cozy seating, colorful local art on the walls, and clean.  Friendly, professional. My poached eggs and bacon were cooked to temperature and proper texture and everyone's breakfast came out quickly. 
The only issue: Their iced coffee is cold brew but tastes incredibly bitter, as if it were hot brewed. Confusing. I will update once I try their espresso. Also, not a very wide selection of pastries.  But the environment is so sweet and the food so quality that it makes up for even second-rate coffee and pastries! A real neighborhood place to study and relax.Not a bad coffee shop, as far as I can tell, though it's more of a daytime (open till 6 p.m.) place than a late night study joint. Perhaps it's because they serve a lot of food... Thus NOLA Beans is as much a breakfast/lunch destination as it is a purveyor of caffeinated beverages. 
Long, long ago I did have breakfast here, but memory is unreliable (especially mine) so I'll hold off on food observations until I've had a chance to conduct further research. Updated review to follow. Stay tuned!Got a latte and a mocha and both tasted terrible. The milk wasn't steamed properly and the espresso was bitter and burnt. Neither were bearable so we went across the street to starbucks.Perfect Lakeview spot to grab a quick bite ! Nola Beans now offers a juice bar and a few organic items for my family. Love the atmosphere and conveniently across from St. Dominic's church for a Sunday brunch. Also, a perfect place to stop for a snack with kids after school. Great way to support a local family owned business!!Great for lunch.  The food is quaility and servered fairly quick.  I think they could improve the coffee.  I still love it.So, I'll admit it: I end up here for breakfast when another place is too crowded. But today we realized this place is too good to just be a back up. Staff is friendly, coffee is great, and the breakfast sandwiches are great. 
Others seem to be figuring this out also--each time it's a little more crowded than the previous time.
Very nice breakfast place and coffee shop. Real NOLA neighborhood feel. 
Oh...and I see they serve lunch, too. I'm looking forward to trying that soon.Forty-four years ago, I went to New Orleans to start nursing school
at Charity as a freshman student from Columbus, GA.  For the last
33 years, I've lived in San Francisco but I've traveled throughout the world and consumed thousands of cups of coffee in all sorts of places, elegant spots in five star hotels and tiny hovels in remote parts of the world.
In January, I was back in New Orleans, visiting Charity classmates and one of them took us for a mini class reunion to Nola Beans, owned in part by her daughter, Kristi.  What a joyous time we had there, catching up on forty four years of memories, hugging and laughing, shedding a few tears, looking at year books and trying to remember who a few of our classmates were.  
All the while, we sipped wonderful coffee from Nola Beans and feasted on their excellent salads and sandwiches.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  My only regret was that I was too full to try any of the tempting desserts beckoning from the display case. 
Move over Starbuck's and Peet's, you've got real competition from this delightful spot in the Lakeview district of New Orleans.  Too bad we don't have a Nola Beans in San Francisco.  I love it!Considering there's a Starbucks a block away, this place must do pretty well for itself. Our two visits here came with some pros and some cons.
The atmosphere and staff have a very down-to-earth, friendly vibe. They had no qualms about us bringing Starbucks drinks, which I figured would be greatly frowned upon. But nope! They were super cool about it. They even gave us some great pointers since it was our first time in NOLA.
Mkay, so, now for the downsides. The first time we visited, my friend ordered a sandwich with vegetables. This $4 sandwich took a legit 30 minutes to come out. Luckily we weren't on any time constraints, but not sure what could've happened since we were pretty much the only customers in there at the moment. 
The second visit was the following day, the same cashier we talked to before smiled as he said "Oh no! We're out of vegetables today!" We laughed, and proceeded to order their veggie wrap. "No, I'm serious, we're out of vegetables." Lol, go figure. Since the only viable vegetarian option at that point was a baked potato, we went ahead and ordered that. At least this time it came out fast.
Altogether, not a bad place. I just wish I could've tried one of their beverages, but we had a Sbux gift card we were trying to get rid of. But you gotta give love to the mom and pop coffee shops! Would visit again next time I'm in NOLA.It's hot. I don't have to tell you that. You can tell it's hot by the sweat that renders any white shirt transparent and any shower futile. And when it's hot you need special beverages, beverages that Nola Beans promises to provide. Like "frozen lemonade." Oh wait, that's not ready yet. Or maybe frozen mocha? Oh, not ready either. Fine then--an iced coffee. Ew in one of those mushy styrofoam cups? Ok. And a piece of strawberry bread please. Oh. From a mix? Fine I'll take it. But now I'm too disappointed to do anything but lie on my couch and sweat some more.I have been going to Nola Beans for years and years because it's within walking distance and it pains me to say this, but I was forced to confront its absolute mediocrity on my last visit there.  The service was painfully slow.  I waited something like 20 minutes for a cold egg and cheese sandwich that also tasted incredibly dry.  Convenience is one thing, but sadly, there are better options in the area and this place just doesn't seem worth it to me anymore.With Starbuck's closed for renovations I expected to see a line out the door at NolaBeans. Within seconds of my interaction with the young man behind the counter I quickly realized why the place was empty. After repeating my order no less than 3 times (Iced Vanilla Latte and breakfast sandwich)... the young man asked another employee for assistance multiple times, and approximately 5 minutes later I received a cup of ice with what appeared to be a shot of espresso at the bottom. I returned my cup to the counter and said this is missing milk and vanilla. He asked me again what my order was and after repeating it again he went and poured vanilla flavor syrup and milk in my cup. Needless to say this beverage was undrinkable. The employees need training in multiple areas--teamwork, order taking and accuracy and quality of work. 
I give two stars because my son said this was the best breakfast sandwich he ever had. It appeared that there were two other competent employees in the coffee shop (the kitchen staff and another employee "Shelby" helping stock items), but neither were really willing to stop what they were doing  to help the young man in charge of taking orders and making coffee who clearly had no idea what he was doing.Food is always good.  Sometimes the staff is a little lost.  Today I watched as three separate customers become aggravated with the service and the wait for help.  The food just sat on the counter for a long time.  Finally guests had to get up and go grab it themselves.  One guest tried relentlessly to get an extra salad dressing. Only to end up sitting and staring at his food. Luckily it was a salad so it didn't get cold.  Maybe they are just short staffed today.  Whatever you do. Don't order the burger.This is easily one of my fave recommendations.  My sister turned me on to this place last year and I probably stop in at least once a week.  It's a comfortable and relaxing environment whenever I go.  It's the perfect place for a quick, delicious bite to eat with little to no hassle. My fave is the Argonne wrap.  It's YUMMY!  This place is definitely worth stopping by.Not worth the wait or the coffee.  Took 30 minutes for food.  Grocery store bagels and sub par food.
It's 30 minutes later and I had to edit this review. I just tasted my wife's coffee and its just horrible. I've had better coffee from used 3 day old beans from a drip machine.Coffee was great as well as the warm and open atmosphere but can get a little loud in there. Service was a bit slow and chairs not the most comfortable but quite a cute little place with decent coffee. They are right next to a Starbucks and still seem to do great business so they are doing something right. Muffins were also very tasty and prices were reasonable. I'll def be back....I have been going to Nola Bean for years. The food is good but the service today was terrible. I was in a group of 6 and the first to order never got her lunch. The staff made no attempt to satisfy the customer. The customer eventually asked for her money back which they gave her and then did finally give her her lunch. There are too many restaurants in this neighborhood.I really really wanted to like this place but this is my third trip but it's just not panning out. I try to support local coffee shops and especially with a Starbucks down the street I root for them! During my first visit I was overcharged for me coffee and the cashier was very awkward about it after I paid, suggesting it was tax, even after looking at the receipt. To make it easier I just requested a bigger size instead but overall just very awkward customer service. During this visit I got a frozen coffee and should have known something was up when the girl pouring it out of the machine noted it was really thick. It tastes like frozen foam with some chunky ice pieces. Do not recommend. 
Overall I've just been repeatedly disappointed in Nola Beans.It was just ok. I had a salad, lettuce were not fresh. I would hesitate to go there again.Great neighborhood cafe where you can click away on your device and enjoy a quick meal. I had the omelette with gluten-free toast and it just totally hit the spot.  Service is delightful, the barista at the bar was precious!
My only complaint is styrofoam cups are bad for our environment. PLEASE switch to glassware or something more sustainable.excellent service and great coffee. 10/10! great for college kids to dine and do work in. open til 6! i always leave a great tip for the baristasAs a kid who grew up at Coffee and Company on Harrison Avenue, none of the present-day coffeehouses are anything close to the mighty Coffee and Company. Their coffee is okay and their pastries and the like are overpriced and not so good. They should've copied Coffee and Co.'s successful model for that area.A cute coffee spot/restaurant in Lakeside. They had a wide variety of food options including all different kinds of salads. I will definitely come back to try lunch since the avocado half salad that comes with either egg or chicken salad sounds amazing. This visit I only grabbed an iced coffee and Chobani Greek Yogurt which happened to be a few days expired. I still ended up eating it and it was perfectly fine, I could tell they were keeping it well refrigerated. There was plenty of seating but unfortunately not many conveniently located outlets.This coffee shop has a nice location close to City Park. It was busy when I went on a Sunday morning and for good reason. I especially liked my breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, and sausage on an english muffin). It was warm and delicious. The drinks and food are priced perfectly. Even with the rush, the staff was hardworking and getting orders out as soon as they could. 
There were tables to sit inside and outside. They had many pieces of local art for sale and viewing around the store. I believe they also had goods from other local folks which is always good to see. 
Definitely try this place out!Came in for lunch today and the service was awful. Girl at counter acted like you were bothering her by ordering. Ordered a sandwich and after 15 minutes when it hadn't arrived I had to check on it. They had forgotten about it. No apology. Food was OK, almost 10 bucks for a sandwich with a small handful of chips and NO pickle is a little rough. The issue with this place is the service though, not the food. (As it seems is the theme with the reviews before me.)I had been hearing so much about their sliced white chocolate almond cake. I stopped in after work 10/26  and ordered two slices.  My total was $13 and change.  I opened the box with my 2 pieces of cake and asked the price and the clerk said $6.  I felt even if the cake is heavenly, the price is way high.  I payed the bill.  As I walked out the door, there was a sign on the counter with sliced cake at $4.50, when I brought this to the clerk's attention he shrugged and said, "I guess we need to change that" with a sacastic smirk! I walked out quite agitated!!  
I am home now and got a closer look at the cake!  MOLD is starting to form on the bottom!  
Ok, I am tired of poor customer service and sub-standard product when spending my hard-earned $$$.  Not only will I NOT visit this establishment, I WILL begin to share socially my experience.  Getting a refund will not have the IMPACT that a honest post about the business will!Love this place! We always come here for weekend coffee runs. Employees are very attentive and friendly!I'm so glad I decided to stop in here! While driving around lake view, I wanted to eat at some kind of cafe or coffee shop! I stumbled upon Nola beans and it was so good! I'm not into salads with all kinds of stuff on it....and they offered simple salads that are also healthy! This Spanish fort salad hit the spot! Since it was later in the afternoon when I went, I didn't get coffee, but I'll be in again to get some soon! It wasn't very crowded or loud, so it's a great place to go somewhere to study or work! Especially during this pandemic, I want to support local as much as I can!Great environment, caring staff, and delicious food! Breakfast is served all day on Sundays. Free refills on coffee, too. You won't find that at anywhere else!I got the bayou bacon spinach salad with grilled chicken. I liked it so much I've gone back a few times to get in the past month! My only complaint would be the price. 10 dollars for a salad is a little to much for me but they still have me coming back for more.A little overpriced but they are around the corner. If you get a syrup flavor in your coffee and you just want a tiny bit make sure you tell them. They over pour on the syrups. We ordered 2 omelette  and 2 coffee's and it was $27.Very cute business set in the heart of Lakeview.... I've had better coffee other places... i ordered the mocha frozen coffee and it was not very good. The chocolate syrup was stuck in the bottom of the cup and not mixed well at all. I couldn't mix it up with my straw so it kept getting stuck in the straw, which made me drink only syrup.. I wasn't very happy with my visit here. Not sure if I'll give it another chance.A friend picked this place and I was quite excited to try it. They have some outdoor seating and parking is ok. They don't have a private lot but there is side street parking. 
The menu is looooooooooong. I think I stood looking at the menu for like 10 minutes before I just asked the waitress at the counter what is good there. She recommended The turkey sandwich. I said ok and ordered that. They have many types of bread to choose from which is quite nice. 
I couldn't decided on a cold drink and the waitress offered to let me try a tester of my choice before committing. That was quite nice of her. I tried some an eventually settled on a green ice tea. 
The food came out pretty quickly and the turkey sandwich tasted nice. It wasn't mind blowing but nice. The ingredients tasted fresh and the bread was good. It was huge though. I ate half and took the rest home. 
The green ice tea was nice and also huge. 
The inside of the place looks pretty run down and there were quite a few fruit flies flying around. Makes me wonder. It's a nice casual spot. 
The people that work there are super friendly and helpful, which I appreciate it considering I'm quite indecisive when presented with a considerably large menu.I usually like ordering take out from here, however, it's inconsistent at best. Today my grilled chicken wrap had almost no meat or lettuce. It was falling out when I opened it because there wasn't even enough to keep it inside the wrap. Taste isn't the problem-that's there. As previously stated, I like their food but I was very disappointed in the value today.It pains me to not offer greater praise to Nola Beans.  I have tried it out on at least five occasions and I'm just so disappointed every time.
On some level Nola Beans is great.  It has a cozy type atmosphere.  It's cute.  And it has cute graphic art around the store, the menus, etc.  Basically, it has great branding.
But what it doesn't have is atmosphere and good food.  The restaurant is marginal at best.  The food is usually dry, feels cheaper than the prices you pay, and I just cannot recommend it.  I have ordered a wrap sandwich on one occasion only to receive what amounted to rouses pre-made chicken salad on a wrap with nothing else.  No tomato.  No lettuce.  No nothing.  I was so disappointed but there was a child working at the counter and I just felt bad complaining to him.  
And that's the main problem with Nola Beans: the workers are terrible.  They are friendly but they have no idea how to make good food.  They just get the job done.  Need scrambled eggs?  They can do it...but they will overcook the eggs every time.  There is just no love for food or atmosphere in the place.  The workers yell constantly.  The atmosphere is that of a noisy cafeteria.
And this brings me to the coffee, which I assume is what the place is named after. The coffee is just not tasty.  Worse is if you order a specialty coffee.  Get ready for a pile of foam on top of your burnt espresso.  
Overall, the restaurant features an uninspired menu that is actually the same thing repeated numerous times.  Simple is good.  The same thing 10,000 times is pointless.
I want to love Nola Beans.  I may never like their crappy wicker furniture but the big windows are so inviting that I can overlook some things.  But the owners either need to get better workers, implement better management, or take on some of this harsh criticism and make some changes.Good food in a cozy coffee shop.  Great selections for breakfast and lunch. Friendly staff and a neighborhood feel.Ventured here looking for a quick spot before going to the city park. Honestly, I like to give each and every place the benefit of the doubt. But this place was very atrocious. The service was abysmal with the workers being highly depressing. I would strongly not encourage this place if you were looking to have a good time at City Park after. Coming to the food (in which the orders were messed up a couple of times), the French Onion soup had cheese that tasted like cardboard while pancakes were very grainy. The sandwiches were decent and nothing to write home about. Overall I will not be coming back here again and would not recommend it to others unless you are interested in overpaying for food that you could make better at home.  Honestly, as one of my friend stated "The free water was the best thing here"Very inconsistent. I order frequently and the portions are always different. The wrap I ordered today barely had any meat and a lot of chips, whereas other days the wrap has been a decent size and only a small handful of chips. They also very often leave things off orders. I've ordered salads for specific ingredients and they were not in the salad when I got it back to work or home. I've gotten to the point where I stop ordering for a while and then give it another chance, but after my very sad wrap, and overpriced counter items I will not be ordering from there again.Is it wrong to say when starbucks is too crowded this is a great option. Really this is a great option if you need to camp out with wifi for a bit but you want to eat.  The grilled cheese that I had there was sooooooo yummy.  Bread & cheese perfection.  The only thing I would suggest is that they use Lighthouse Lousiana cups.I frequent this coffee shop quite often. I try to stay non corporate and local as I possibly can, in my endeavors . I'd have to say they have some of the BEST iced coffee. I'm big on cold drip coffees, and theirs is strong, flavorful and bold. I also appreciate all the local lagniappe and items they sell. If you're looking for a quaint, enjoyable, and neighborhood vibe this establishment won't disappoint! The baristas have always been kind as well.NOLA Beans is a great neighborhood spot to get together with friends. I've been here many times for breakfast, lunch and sometimes I just pop in for a coffee to go.  I've always had great service and love everything I've ever had there.  The French Onion soup is delicious, and if you want something sweet there's a desert case filled with rich, decadent sweets.
Currently they're offering curbside pickup, which we've taken advantage of more than once. My daughter can't get enough of the grilled chicken wrap on spinach tortilla.  Not only does she love it - it's also healthy. Which brings me to my last point.  There are so many healthy options here that you don't have to feel like you're depriving yourself if you're trying to eat clean.This place is very cute, and has a decent selection of coffee drinks, pastries, and breakfast/lunch.
However, it is for some reason very noisy - I guess from the high ceilings and concrete floors - even when it's not crowded.  We had a meeting there this morning and it was hard to hear each other.Alright! King cake is not my favourite! Having said that, what a nice cafe this is! I also applaud that they have a printer in the corner of the room that anyone can send documents and such to, to do print outs! 
Love the seating, the ambience, the fact that they had oat milk for my hot chocolate, and it was made deliciously!Came here while staying nearby on vacation. Great coffee and service was very impressive--
fast and extremely friendly. I urge all locals and tourists to stop by, they are really nice people. Instead of giving money to the corporation down the block support a local business!This little place in Lake View is a really good coffee shop! The dining room is comfortable and well appointed and the coffee and pastries are fresh and delicious. They also have a nice selection of lunch items that I have yet to try, but look good. It is a welcome alternative in the area to the Starbucks down the street. 
BOTTOM LINE: Best coffee shop on Harrison!I'm a student and this is my regular stop for coffee before class. Everyone here is amazing and works really hard to make sure everything is done efficiently and correctly in the middle of chaos. 
One blonde girl in particular was working a morning in late November where an older man was making a scene about his coffee (because he clearly didn't understand what he ordered) and yanked it out of her hand TWICE. She handled it like an absolute champ and tried her very best to be helpful before he finally stormed out. As a service industry worker, I was completely blown away at how calm and collected she was. I didn't get her name, but she's the real MVP.I work from home two days a week, and for the past seven months have been posting up at the Starbucks on Harrison for the first half of those workdays. I started going there because I have their Gold Card and can get free refills and free drink rewards. A couple weeks ago, on a whim, I decided to try Nola Beans instead of Starbucks. I woke up that morning wanting a more quiet environment - and figured staying local with my money was a good idea, too. 
I'm not sure when I'll be back to Starbucks. This place is so great! Let me break it down.
1. THE STAFF - The employees here are WAY nicer. I saw the same Starbucks employees every week, twice a week, for seven months - and they NEVER asked anything other than "how can I help you" at the register. Even when I would try and make small talk - since we're seeing each other so much and it's actually a little awkward to NOT make small talk - they wouldn't participate. Maybe they just hate their jobs...I don't know...but the employees here are way more hospitable. 
2. THE ENVIRONMENT - Larger tables, better lighting, warmer feel, less crowded, less noisy. Overall just way more conducive for a productive space for those who bring their laptops to study/work.
3. THE COFFEE - Their cold brew coffee beats Starbucks any day, in my opinion. No, I can't get free refills or free drinks, but who cares? 
4. THE FOOD - I thought this was JUST a coffee shop - it's also a full service lunch spot. At lunch, this place is poppin'! Their menu is PHENOM. Salads, sandwiches, etc. 
5. MISC. - They sell a ton of local art and other local goodies. Not to mention right now they have Randazzo's king cakes. Oh....and Mimosas and Bloody MarysI'm so glad to have this gem so nearby.  I love their selection of coffees, teas, and healthy eats.  The service is always speedy and the staff is friendly and welcoming.
Keep up the good work! 
#ThankyouThursday