I only gave it 3 stars because the service wasn't great and took a little long. My friend ordered the same sandwich right before me and he had already finished his before I received mine. Other than that the pulled pork poboy I had was awesome. They really pack it on there too.Ordered the 12 inch specialty (Gumbo added on top) Shrimp po boy for $19. 
The 12 inch is huge and is big enough for two people the try.
The shrimp was perfectly fried and had a nice season to it. 
I would avoid the gumbo on top as it made the bread soggy and difficult to eat. In addition, the bread was very tough to eat, I would reccomend slightly baking or toasting the bread.Spicy fried shrimp dressed with gumbo...yum bo.  The yadat was top notch.  So was their beef dressed with tender pink juicy beef.  We left ickin' our fingers and smackin' our lips.Extremely slow service and halfway decent jambalaya. Sounded really greasy and not enough meat in it. But hey when you're drunk it's right there and they're openYummy yummy yummy! Best PoBoy in the quarter!   
That soft shell crab is the best. But don't sleep on that crawfish PoBoy. This spot is a gem on Bourbon.This review is strictly for the "Grilled Chicken PoBoy". 
As optimistic as I like to usually be, not that much can be said about my particular sandwich. It was my first time going and I have to say I was a bit disappointed. The meat was so bland and tasteless that it seemed like it was missing a lot of seasoning. Perhaps if I choose to come back next time, I will grab something else. But if you had eyes set for this particular poboy, I'd definitely tell you to consider something else. Not worth the money. Honest opinion.So happy right now!! Spicy and amazing fried shrimp. They aren't kidding that their food is SPICY. I love and eat a ton of spicy food regularly. It was perfect and delicious but if you're not sure about spice, get the yankee mild.This place is the best I had in NOLA.  Don't waste your time and money at the "fancy" spots. This place is the real deal, especially after a few drinks on Bourbon Street.Was looking for a good po boys spot in French quarter that didn't fall into the tourist trap. Was suggested to check out this spot and so glad we did. Had a shrimp po boy which was so yummy! The shrimp was cooked perfectly with a perfect amount of spice. I decided to share the po boy with my companion but after the first bite I wished I had my own! Great spot.For what it cost, it was poor to average.  Food was freshly made and our fried shrimp po-boy was decent sized.  But I have had way better... in a authentic Cajun place in Connecticut.  You would definitely expect a whole lot more from a place that only sells Po Boy in New Orleans.  
2 Po Boys, 2 sides, water and $45 cheaper.  Worst meal in New Orleans so far.Went here for lunch today. Cute clean place, friendly woman behind the counter. I ordered the fried catfish po boy and my husband ordered the fried shrimp po boy and a crawfish pie. All of it came out in about 10 minutes. Delicious. There was a huge amount of meat on my catfish sub and a decent amount on the shrimp one. Subs were spicy but not set your mouth on fire and leave you sweating spicy. Perfect. The crawfish pie was AWESOME. Wish we had ordered more of those!Went for a grilled shrimp po-boy on last Fat Monday.  Short line to put in the order, but took 30 minutes to get the sandwich.   The girl bringing out the sandwiches from the kitchen seemed to be ticked off at the counter staff.  Can't get a half Po-boy for this sandwich during Mardi Gras  so had to take the 'bun' version.  Sandwich was 5 star.  Loaded, hot, dressed, and very tasty.  More seating in the back through the narrow doorway.  There was a line to use the can - but it was Mardi Gras.  Can't wait to go back !!!!Small hole in the wall feel. Boyfriend had the fried crawfish poboy and he loved the spice level and flavor of it! I had the grilled shrimp poboy (I can't handle spice, and it has none grilled) and it was delicious!Ask some locals and everyone will give you their favorite poboy destination.  Some crave traditional, some get a little crazy and go with fusion but just give me a good one and I am in heaven. 
On a recommendation from a local we tried the Da Yat (shrimp poboy with gumbo) first and our next trip we taste tested the Who Dat (shrimp with bisque).  Both were incredibly good but I have to say that the Da Yat slightly edged out the other sandwich.
The bread is exceptionally crisp and flaky and the sandwiches can come fully dressed.  You can opt for no spice or extra spice on your sandwich.  We stayed the course with the one they typically make which had just the right amount of heat. 
The Da Yat edged out the other because of the flavor contrast.  The gravy-consistency worked better than the bisque.  Trust me that you need a complete bib to imbibe this sandwich because it is SLOPPY!
I think it was brilliant to add the gumbo or bisque to the poboy because standing alone it can tend to be a little dry.  Next time you are in NOLA go way up Bourbon and treat yourself to a little slice of heaven!  Yes....we liked it enough to eat there twice.This restaurant po'boy has the best po'boys in the city. It's rich, delicious, savory & every bite is awesome. The black panther is po'boys. Mane sure this is what you eat before you leave to go back home. I love every minute & the staff is super friendlyDisgusting. The worst place in New Orleans that we ate at. Please don't waste your time. Terrible customer service and the food was GROSS.Last night in town, and I just couldn't leave New Orleans without some fried okra, boudin balls, and red bean & rice. Got a huge order to go, and the delightful staff gave me a free crawfish pie. Well, if that ain't the best damn send-off, I don't know what is. Thank you for making my bon voyage so special. I will definitely be back!You know it was a good night when you wake up and find half a NOLA po boy in your purse.... this was our favorite thing we ate while on our trip that we went back late night to get another. The fried oyster one was amazing!! I could eat it again today before we leave.I ordered a catfish poboy on Thursday and while I can't claim I won't ever order from them again the fish was soggy and obviously made from frozen catfish. So in my search for new Orleans best catfish poboy we do NOT have a winner and I'm out $15We were hungry upon arrival in NOLA, we tried to stop at a few places and didn't have a lot of time to wait so this looked perfect, seating and quick service. They didn't have a fryer for some reason, so they didn't have any Po-Boys, but you could get subs. My husband got a BBQ shrimp and I got a salad, yes a salad was a bad call at a sandwich shop. Our friends really enjoyed their sandwich but for my husband and I were both thought it was just okay. I think obviously what you order will make a difference but either way the place was overpriced. Add in a bottle of water and our bill was almost $35.Cashiers were very rude and did not offer any knowledge on items. Soft shell crab was raw and the roast beef was messy and cafeteria quality. Bread was excellent so if you like slimy seafood head over.Some of the greasiest food I'd ever had in my life. Fried things are obviously going to be oily but the tater tots were soaked through with grease. The food was so oily that it gave me and my niece a headache. I think this places location has more to do with their reviews than actually having great food. We did come at night so maybe the late shift cooking isn't as great. $3 for a bottle of soda seemed overbearing. 
They also over charged me but I didn't realize this until we were leaving.
Good news is that although we ate only a few bites of the platter we shared a very sweet Vietnam vet needed some help and was eager for some hot alligator so it fed three people that night.Food was okay, wait was terrible. When we got here there were two people ahead of us in line. The food for our party of 3 took 45 minutes to come out...nothing special, just a small po'boy, the fried shrimp, and a bowl of jambalaya. Jambalaya was spicy but very flavorful! The salad was a joke- just a bowl of sandwich toppings.Best food in the French Quarter hands down. If you miss eating here then you've missed one of the best hidden secrets in New Orleans..... Make sure & say hi to Ryan, the cook.... He's the magic behind your Po'boy!This is always my first go-to when I come to New Orleans. I will admit I've never had a poboy here because I never make it past the grilled and fried shrimp! It is seriously the best shrimp I've ever had and I'm Cajun! Always cooked perfectly, not breaded to much, and spicy. I also had a sample of their catfish yesterday and it was amazing! This is a hidden treasure on Bourbon.Okay so I'm here on vacation, I'm from Philly. I'm here for a week and so far we've come here 3 times,  it's that good. We love the fried shrimp, they taste amazing. The catfish po boy is good too. We ordered the shrimp accidentally, and it's become or favorite thing here. It's seasoned so well. I have no complaints.A must place to eat at while staying near bourbon st! Food was spicy and good. The shrimp and crawfish bisque was amazing!!! The chief/ general manager offered great customer service. Def was a fave among our group of 15, several went back a few times while in townWalked by this place a million times over the years and never stopped in but did so after a recommendation.
Boy was the soft shell crab po'boy good! Nice and spicy (they have yankee variations available if you can't handle spicy).
The only minor complaint was that the tasty soft shell was a bit dwarfed by the french bread but, still, was very good.
They have plenty of seating, lots of other menu choices and nice clean bathrooms (for customers) so check it out next time you're on Bourbon!Great poboys! Definitely recommend anyone to come here if they are visiting NOLA. A little on the dirtier side, but can't expect much from a restaurant out in this district.The food was not great.  This one you could definitely skip.  We ordered fried shrimp, shrimp PoBoy and a gumbo.  
The gumbo was fine, not great.  The shrimp, was just shrimp with absolutely no flavor to them and the Po Boy sandwich took about 30 minutes to make and when we got it, it literally consisted of the same flavorless shrimp with little condiments just dry bread.  
We had to get up a couple of times to tell them that we had not received our sandwich to which the guy in the back seemed bothered that we even mentioned it.  All he kept was that they were working on it.  For 30 minutes?!
You could skip this place.My favorite po boys in NOLA! I came here towards the end of my trip and ended up coming here about 3 or 4 times in the last two days. We also bought sandwiches to go to eat at the airport! 
I recommend the shrimp po boy extra hot, which is perfect.... Plus some crystal's hot sauce. I love this place.Fun little place. Got some decent seating, but not a ton. He food was pretty good, not quit 5 stars tho. Doors open, nice breeze and a hot poyboy- what more could I ask for?!The food was delicious.  Super big fan of the gumbo.  Inexpensive and delicious.  Great find!Nola was suggested by our tour guide. He was right; it's probably the best po'boy ever.  I ordered the shrimp po'boy. I did not read the menu thoroughly.  It stated that all fried foods are SPICY. Even tough, it was burning my taste buds off,  I was enjoying it. 
The portions are stupid large and the prices are commensurate. The staff is warm and welcoming.  I can't wait to go back.A year and a half ago I moved into an apartment above this place so it became very convenient to eat here. But not only is it convenient but its delicious! Even after all this time I am still discovering menu items that i haven't had that are great. Today was the grilled shrimp salad. The Big Easy po boy is one of my favorites but I also enjoy any of the fried seafood options as well as the burger, the surf and turf, the boudin balls, and I love that they offer a wide variety of drink options that are not limited to what just one distributor offers. They have many different sports drinks, different bottled waters, and a large array of soft drinks in cans, plastic, and glass bottles. No fountain drinks! I love that! It also helps that Murray, the owner is usually on hand to answer any questions and make sure everything is on point. All in all they deserve 4 1/2 stars and should be visited by tourists and locals alike.These sandwiches made us so happy. Fried shrimp Poboy and fried shrimp Poboy with bisque. I was a coward and didn't get soup on mine. Ben had read reviews and got the bisque on his sandwich. His sandwich beat my sandwich... even though mine was a great sandwich. Moral: get soup on your sandwich.
Warning: don't come here if you want to have a deep philosophical discussion about the state of your relationship. You can't both eat and talk when your sandwich is this good. It may, however be good for your relationship--be it business or romantic--because everyone will leave happy, thus creating positive associations. 
Advice: Don't plan to pop the question while your beloved is eating a 12" pot roast Poboy. The sandwich will win. Don't try to compete.
That is all.One of the best po-boys I have had in NO. The alligator was awesome. The staff was very good and would come back.Great little market restaurant with all the different poboys. Had the shrimp and oysters poboy with bisque. Absolutely fantastic couldn't stop eating although I was full. The bread pudding dessert was also delicious. All we needed was a bottle of wine. They should consider carrying it for the diners to have with their meal. Gotta try it when in Nola...This was our first introduction to NOLA food, and we came here on the recommendation of our Hotel Clerk. We wound up having several po-boys during our stay but these were by far the best. 
My wife got an 8" fried oyster po-boy, and I got a 12" Da Yat, which was fried oysters or shrimp (I went with oysters) with gumbo. We also got Boudin Balls, which were exceptional. Both of our sandwiches were delicious, albeit spicy, but in the best and most flavorful way possible. 
I should have gone with the 8" myself, because the sandwiches are very large. My wife loved hers and I really enjoyed mine too but there was a bit of a structural problem to mine. I kinda thought the gumbo would be a sauce for the oysters, but in reality there is just as much gumbo as oysters in the sandwich. Extremely delicious, but the wetness of the gumbo removed all crispiness from the oysters and then disintegrated my bread slowly but surely. By the end there was a small pile of mush that had previously been an inch or two of my sandwich, that were now essentially inedible. 
Lastly, I felt the pricing was a bit high. 2 sandwiches, boudin balls, and bottled water came out to about $50. That's a bit much in my book. Nevertheless, I would return without hesitation.
I definitely recommend this place for po-boys, but if you want traditional oyster, go with that and if you want gumbo, I'd recommend it on the side.Kinda of an odd place and when you walk in it is a bit scary considering your food is coming from there. But it turned out to be darn good. In the evening expect to wait because there will be a line. 
We got the smothered fried shrimp which is very spicy but awesome. And the roast beef which was also very good. Honestly probably cheaper than most of what we ate on the trip but worth a stop after the bar.Today was the worst dining experience I've ever had!!! We ordered two shrimp poboys, fries and a shrimp basket. While not busy at all, the food took over an hour to come out. After asking several times and receiving "10 mins" each time, we finally got frustrated when guest who came after us were served first. The staff was unapologetic and rude about their terrible service. After finally coming out, the food was wrong!! In addition, the bread was hard and the shrimp weren't breaded well. 
Save yourself the headache and money.Great po-boys and other cajun bites. 
Our table had a few po-boys we all shared a bite or two of plus fried okra and chili cheese fries. All were fantastic. Great bread on the po-boys and everything fried had perfect breading. 
Service is counter order then wait for your name. Food came quick with little grumbles. Price is in line with po-boys in the quarter and well worth the quality. 
Interior is a simple layout of bench seats and tables as well as a back room with more seating options. AC was out when we ate there but there were enough fans to make it tolerable. 
If you find yourself walking back from Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop/end of the quarter back towards Canal, and you're starving, stop here!Got there with no line...ordered....was excited.....and waited....and waited...people came in after me.....I waited....they got their food.........I waited and got mine.....had EVERYTHING I ASKED FOR IT NOT TO HAVE ON IT......I HATE MAYO..........did not want lettuce or tomato on a hot beef sandwich.....the server was very nice and took it back to remake....(truthfully I was nervous) 
 I don't understand how if the meat was a slow cooked roast (shouldn't it be cooked already) took another 20 minutes to get my sandwich cause I didn't need anything else on it......while I waited for the new sandwich I remembered that is was suppose to come with Au Jus so I asked the cashier if I was going to get the au jus that comes with it and she said "oh yeah it's in the back...." as if, I shouldn't expect it to come out with my first order or I guess it wasn't coming with unless I asked for it.....????
When I finally got my food it was horrible.  no taste whatsoever....I rolled it back up in my bag and left.........threw it in the trash can across the street and just chalked it up to "it's just not my kind of place"!!!
The server was nice about everything but I could not in good conscience recommend this place to ANYONE!!!Surf and turf poboy was filled with roast beef, fried shrimp, and dressing.  It was dang good but as others have mentioned, the prices are a bit inflated because of the location.  Open late too which is really nice.Everyone in my family who ate your po'boy got the runs. Served ~9pm Jan 1st, not sure if it was the sandwich or the mayonnaise that looked like you leave it out all day. Great going in, not comin' out.Unfortunately had a bad time here today. I had the Pattons hot sausage and fries. Took a little too long to get our food for what it was. We were also rushed out of the restaurant by someone telling us the room was for tours and we were in the way, but there was no signage and literally nowhere else to sit. I threw up my sandwich.Every time I come to New Orleans this is my to-go spot! I even bring my friends there! And thank God for Leroy for his hospitality. So when y'all get there make sure you ask for Leroy! He's the bestABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! The people who have given low-scores to Nola Poboys are all tourists who wouldn't know a good poboy if it slapped them in the face. Ive lived in New Orleans for over eight years and this is one of the best poboys I have ever had. Their fried shrimp are battered in a savory, spicy blend that is just hot enough to pucker your lips, but not so hot that you go diving for the closest glass of water. Their debris fries are a gooey dream of cakey-fries smothered in roast beef drippings and cheese. The staff is ALWAYS cheerful and friendly and service is quick and made to order. If you dont like this place, something is seriously wrong with you.Absolutely the best Poboy's! Hubby had the oyster and I had the shrimp. Lots of fried food to choose from. Great service but the joint was a lil on the dirty side. I mean it is on Bourbon Street and it's a hole in the wall, so don't be picky! We would definitely go back!!I love the spicy shrimp poboy here, so much so that I often recommend NOLA to friends who come into town. After my visit last night, I am not sure that I will ever go back. When we got to the counter, we were told that there was a 30 minute wait. We were fine with that. However we wound up waiting for an hour for our food. There were only three other tables there! I asked for the manager and was informed that "Murray" was not there (he was at the game). I planned to go back today to complain to him, however we were treated to a drunk "Murray" showing up and getting into a screaming match with another customer who complained. We were given a partial refund by the lady at the counter and as we left, we watched drunk "Murray" weaving down the street. I am so disappointed in the service...no matter how good the food is, when the experience is this bad it is hard to imagine going back.Wonderful. Great service, friendly staff. Awesome BBQ beef po boy which was flavorful with out being to overpowering and the fried shrimp was good. Hopefully we'll eat here again before we leave.Shrimp poboy was awesome!!!!! While eating I saw the rest of the menu. So many delicious sounding different poboysMy friends and I knew po'boys would be one of the first orders of business during our recent New Orleans stay. We asked around and NOLA Po-boys was the top contender based on where we were staying and where we wanted to go (duh, Bourbon Street). 
I ordered a crawfish po'boy but the person taking my order thought I said "catfish." No worries, because I really, really liked the catfish! It was fried perfectly and was delicious. One of my friends discovered his love for fried oyster po'boys and seemed to get one almost every day during our trip - all thanks to NOLA Po-boys! I'd definitely recommend it, especially if you're looking to fill your tummy with some substance (these things are ginormous) before a night of drinking and debauchery.Ordered the plater of crawfish and oysters. Plate is defined as with a "salad". If a salad is 2 pickle slices, a slice of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce then yes it comes with a salad. Also if plate means double the fries then yes i had the plate. If your looking for fried seafood with too much breading and a ton of cheap fries for 20 dollars you have found your place to eat.We went here earlier today and both had Shirmp Poboys. They were great, especially after we put their homemade pepper sauce on top of them. I accidentally knocked over one half of my sandwich to the ground, and they were very kind and made a new sandwich for me, they certainly didn't have to. They also had a really nice red beans and rice as well.
Again, we really enjoyed the sandwiches and service, and we will be back next time we're in New OrleansVery pricey! Why do they call them PO BOYS they should be called Rich Boys. The food is ok not bad at all but unless you really like sitting in a hot room with no AC and paying $5 for a scoop of ice cream, $15 or more for a skimpy sandwich go next door to Clover and get your money's worth.Ordered two poboys (one Fried Shrimp and one Grilled Chicken) on a short stay in New Orleans.  It was absolutely disgusting, I cannot believe people actually eat this, they must be drunk.
The shrimp were dirty/uncleaned (shrimp poop), the bread sucked, and the chicken tasted like 2 day old chicken.  To add insult to injury it's overpriced. We regretted not getting Macdonalds.Awesome !!!! But so spicyyyyy
My mouth is on fire !!!! 
So good I'm probably gonna die here tonightDelicious fried crawfish Poboy! Got the regular level of spicy and it had the perfect amount of heat to it! Also would suggest the boudim balls that come with a delicious sauce and the jambalaya! Very satisfied with all of it!!Only reason they get 3 stars is bc the food is actually good. 
Terrible customer service! The staff clearly didn't care whatsoever that they messed up several of our orders. They were rude and very vocal on how they hated their job and couldn't wait for customers to leave. Not friendly nor helpful.I had the Grilled Shrimp poyboy and my husband had the DatYat- gumbo smothered poyboy that included fried shrimp. We love spicy Cajun food but their Cajun spicy food is on another level. If you are sensitive to spicy food, don't go there ! They have posted signs that say "Everything is Spicy" and it's true!!This place is a MUST if you are in the French Quarter! The food is amazing, fast service, friendly staff and great location!
We stopped in for lunch and asked the young lady at the cash register for her recommendations...she was so sweet and friendly! We took her advice and ordered the fried shrimp po boy and the crawfish kickers. The food was spicy and delicious! The crawfish kickers were one of my favorite dishes our entire trip to New Orleans!At the recommendation of another local food counter operator in the French Market, we hauled down to NOLA Po-Boy & had "Da Yat Shrimp Po-Boy with Bisque".  The combination of white creamy crawfish-shrimp-&-okra bisque over lightly breaded shrimp - Ooh - I'll be drooling about that sandwich memory for awhile.  Husband had "Da-Bris Pot Roast Po-Boy" - the da-bris broth was loaded with shredded beef, fantastically flavorful to spoon over each bite.    Fried okra was a huge helping of freshly fried crunch, you could tell oil was new.  Excellent experience. Located towards the quieter end of Bourbon St. near the Jean Lafitte corner bar.The food was delicious. The service was just okay and should have been better since the restaurant wasn't busy. This was our second restaurant so far and it was just okay. I guess the service may be better at night. This place will be last on my list on my next visit. The only reason I scored them with a 3-star is because my husband enjoyed the food.Conveniently located in the middle of Bourbon street however food was not good at all! Shrimp po boy was okay and jambalaya was horrible! I took a bite and couldn't eat it. There were mysterious meat in jambalaya and the texture of rice was just off! To top it off when I was walking out of restaurant there were dead roaches in front of the restaurant :( service was okay. Not friendly but not meanThis place gets a lot of things right. But there is one real problem with the food they serve. It's way too spicy. I am a Cajun and I love spicy food! But to make something spicy just for the sake of it being spicy is not good cuisine. My shrimp poboy was so spicy I could not taste the shrimp. The french bread used for the poboy was excellent. Everything else was really good.After a 9 hour day of unpaid training, no lunch, a salty breakfast, and a couple of snacks all I wanted was something good to eat. However, Murphy's law was in full effect and though the day wasn't terrible, lots of little annoying things made the day more noticeable. We finally get to a place to meet some family for drinks. The drinks are strong! Mind you, I was pretty much consuming these bad boys on a close to empty stomach. I started to feel tipsy after half of the first drink. So I sat there, scouting for places in the area on Yelp as it neared 11:00. Everything was closing. I called the hibachi place across the street at 17 til and they hung up on me. We drove across the street and they were closed at 10 til. I think I need to write a review about that as well.....
Anyway, long story short, I find this place and call in to place the order so I don't have to wait. I didn't pay attention to the fact that it was on Bourbon St because I would have avoided it at all costs considering they are tourists traps. My fiancée is from New Orleans and we usually get poboys from an ambiguous corner store. Anywhoo....like I said, it's been a long day and I was tired, I wasn't feeling well and I was negligent. I call to place an order for an 8 inch shrimp poboy and an order of tater tots and she tells me that my order is 17.6x cents. I literally exclaimed "shit. Okay" and ended the call. I seriously had to reconsider my life for a moment. Do I really want to pay $18 for this food? No, no I don't. I could get an entire meal with a soda for $11 at the corner store. So we pulled over and looked for other options so that we could ditch this one and found nothing. We reluctantly paid the $18 ....boy am I disappointed. 
Ya'll I was so excited about this food. I even remembered to get some hot sauce to put on the sandwich. Now, I am light weight OCD and my friends used to tell me that I should be a health inspector because my standards are high. Silly me, had the audacity to look at my sandwich before biting into it. And it is NOT deveined. I was shocked. Taken aback. Appalled to say the least. I just paid $12 for a sandwich and the shrimp still have poo in them? Oh hell naw. I was then outraged and wanted to take it back but I was too exhausted to put up a fight so I let it go. And I didn't eat the sandwich. Not one bite. Except a piece of the bread which I tried and it wasn't good either. 
The $4 tater tots were good though. 
NOLA PoBoys!!!!' Get your act together guys. You can't charge $12 for a sandwich simply because you're on Bourbon and then disrespect your customers even further by not even cleaning the food before serving it to them. 
My fiancée says "babe, you can't even taste it." I responded "you also can't taste when someone pisses and doesn't wash their hands and then makes your food, doesn't make it good." 
I generally tip, even when picking up an order. I briefly contemplated adding a tip as I was signing the check but for $18, I just couldn't justify spending another dime. 
Tip: DO BETTER 
Yelpers: avoid this tourist trap or at the very least, don't order the shrimp. 
Last thing: my great grandmother used to say "we all gone eat a little shit befo' we die." Maybe she'd has a shrimp poboy from NolA.Good but we've been waiting over 30 minutes for sandwiches. No apology no anything. For a Friday night we thought we would just pop in. Whoops.Food was good but the service was the worst! They messed up our order and and wouldn't even take responsibility for it!Great lunch stop while in the quarters. It's at the quiet end of bourbon. Large selection of poboys. I had the shrimp and my wife had the fried oysters. Both were good. But if you're coming during summer, be advised that it may be a little hot especially if you sit in the back area of the place.Wow. Mutherf#!$@# wow one of the best po boys i ever...ever had and the craw fish pie damn!!! This will be my poboy hang out when i come back to newolreansFried food was definitely spicy but super good. Recommend the fried shrimp with gumbo and the surf and turf.Haven't tried it yet, but they packed it up nicely for my plane trip back to Cali. Will update review later.Hole in the wall with no booze, but amazing delectable po boys. So good! Get them dry or with gumbo slathered on. AmazingFirst and foremost, I want to say the food was amazing, however the young lady, with numerous amounts of tattoos, who worked the front register had given my fiancé and I a horrible attitude to where my fiancé didn't want to order. I assumed it was because we arrived 30 mins prior to closing time to order take out. Her attitude was so recognizable to where a customer standing behind me acknowledged how much she didn't care to take the orders. This restaurant should look into hiring more friendly individuals with better customer service.Giving this place 2 stars feels a bit of a stretch, but I think our biggest disappointment was seeing it so highly rated and having an overall lackluster experience ourselves. 
1) we arrived and the place was relatively quiet, only two small groups were already seated and waiting. A handpoorlywritten sign in the window advertised an oyster bar, however the customer ahead of us asked for oysters and the lady at the counter boredly responded that they didn't have oysters, like he was crazy for asking. 
2) we ordered a "WhoDat" on a bun, and a hotlink po'boy. At that time we were told there was no hot links (despite it being listed as the special). Seeing as it's a chalk sign. Why not erase it or throw a handpoorlywritten sign over it saying you don't have it? 
3) we waited for a really long time (20+ minutes) for our food, despite not having many people ahead of us. 
4) the "WhoDat" was on a roll, which was fine but....  the wrong order. It tasted good, but not really remarkable. 
All in all, I'd absolutely encourage people to go elsewhere.I've ordered here twice. So far it has been consistently good, fresh and large portioned. The management is great. The order takers are o.k. 
I appreciate and respect this business for serving Treme.This has one of the best alligator sandwiches I've ever had... It is a very friendly joint. The fillets are super delicious. The bbq shrimp is not too bad. Overall the experience at this restaurant was pretty good.Totally obsessed! I was NOLA 2 weeks ago and I haven't stopped talking about or thinking about their 'Who Dat' poboy. A definite must have at the suggestion of a bartender, he said that's the only place he goes and now I see why! I was oyster obsessed on this trip so I had the oyster poboy topped with seafood bisque. Definitely messy and no where near healthy(but who goes to New Orleans for salad!) and worth every single bite! There was no sharing at my table! I even insisted on going back before the airport for one last foodgasm. Be for warned its super cheesy so if that not your thing maybe opt for something else.This was my first experience with the over so popular poboys of the South. I had the crayfish poboy and man was it spicy. I absolutely adored it. The first bite was a bit intense but after that it was smooth sailing. I looked forward to every bite. Not sure when I'll be back to NO, but I definitely wouldn't mind going out of my way to come back here.