Love this place! Affordable food, homemade gelato, and friendly staff. The owner is straight outta Naples, a seasoned New Yorker, and now - thankfully - down here sharing his talents with our NOLA neighborhood. I think I'm bout to go buy another pint of stracciatella right now...Excellent, authentic, delicious! This place is the real deal, folks. Owner is from Naples (and is super friendly) and imports all the good stuff straight from Italy. And the bagels are legit NY bagels. 
Sampled a couple of sandwiches (a special I'd seen on Facebook - prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted red pepper, olive oil and Rosemary on an everything bagel - and the Tuscan - grilled chicken, red pepper, mozzarella on French), a bagel straight up with butter, the sfogliatelle, cannoli (cream made in house!), and gelato (frutti di bosca, chocolate, mango, and blood orange sorbet), and it was all outstanding! Go now, you won't regret it!This quaint ice cream/sandwich shop was sooooo good. I love sweets and so it was natural for me to try this. The gelato is made fresh daily by the owner. He spoke with us and told us he does everything and loves to change it up so he will rotate flavors like people change clothes. Although I found a flavor I am in love with I look forward to coming back again to try something different and the highly recommended Cuban sandwich.
As for gelato I opted for the caramel and butterscotch pecan in a vanilla cone. The gelato was smooth and tasted exactly like the flavors i asked for. The cone was by far the best ice cream cone I had and it was so fresh. The cones even come with a little waffle chip on top. He got the s'mores shake. It tasted just like a smore but a little bit more graham cracker pieces in it that he would have liked.
It was super clean. The owner and his staff were so friendly and helpful. I tried a few different gelatos, ice, and sorbets. If you like sweets definitely come on down here.What a wonderful surprise to FINALLY find a place that makes cannoli like my Nana! They also have my favorite gelato stracciatella! The decor is lovely and comfortable.  The owner a joy!  My first of MANY visits I'm sure!A new gelato place in a neighborhood that could use one, walkable from St. Roch Market among other places. The gelato selection is very much fruit and nut flavors trending towards the traditional Italian; none of the crazier trendy flavors that one sees, and notably no mint. Nonetheless I found intriguing things to try. What they described as chocolate Nutella frankly tasted like it had more hazelnut in it than actual Nutella. The cherry flavor was strong and sweet and definitely one of the fruitier gelatos I've had. Oddly, the consistency of these two flavors was different; I think that the ones towards the open back of the display were much closer to melting than the ones in front, which were very cold. A thick waffle piece finished things off.
I have a favorite gelato place in New Orleans and this hasn't replaced it, but the neighborhood here has plenty of food and not a ton of dessert and I think this place may do alright.Love the place! Incredible food and service with lovely people attending. The decorations are great and everyone is just so kind. There is a really big menu so you'll be sure to find something you like. We spilled two glasses of water and everyone was really nice about it. We hope Nola Mía is here to stay. :)After lunch in the French Quarter, we went looking for dessert when I remembered this place opened a couple months ago. It's owned by a nice Italian couple who recently moved to New Orleans, I believe. The space is super cute and bright, perfect for if you want to take instagram pictures! Their biscotti gelato is very good, sort of reminds me of birthday cake. They also sell other desserts as well as bagels (they say it's shipped in from New York!) and paninis, so I'd love to come back and try those next time.Fresh gelato!!! I like the ambience it's lively the colors pop at you the lighting is perfect. It's quiet. It's a good place to have a little meeting. I like it because when I need something sweet late at night I just tend to make a late night run for a little snacky snack. The only thing that could be better is when it comes to gelato flavors they have the Italian name and you have no idea what it means in English. Of course but some of them you can guess what it is but for the most part if they want to have the Italian name they should also have the English name on the same tab/sticker. Ask the lady at the cash register if she could explain some of the flavors or tell me what the names were and she wasn't able to. Description would have been nice of the flavors/ingredients.It's a small intimate cafe. They have diverse flavors of gelato and sorbet. They also have paninis that are really good.  Overall,  I recommend everyone check the place out.I stopped in here on a whim after a bike ride and I'm glad I did! I just got some chocolate gelato which was delicious. It wasn't over sweet and the texture was smooth and creamy. I'll definitely be back with friends during this hot summer!I came here and got 2 scoops and a dipped waffle cone. I didn't eat the cone because it was super stale. I assume it's been there for 5 days or so. I got 2 flavors, coconut and peanut butter. They were ok, nothing out of the ordinary or above average. The dipped cone hardly had any chocolate on it. It kind of sucks when establishments don't roll their cone tightly and leaks all over the table and my clothes.New place right next to Allways Lounge offers tasty treats from coffees to pastries to gelatos and more and open fairly late to feed the night owls as well as local families. Fare seems to be constantly evolving in a good way and owner and staff are very nice and pleasant.Nice variety on the menu - a full case of gelato in many yummy flavors, wonderful coffee service (one of the best lattes I've had) and great lunch specials. Very warm service from the owners. A wonderful new addition to the Bywater neighborhood.Great find! Very tasty and authentic sandwiches/paninis! I had the Tuscan, which was filled with juicy grilled chicken, roasted tomatoes, melted Parmesan, and a great sauce. Comes with a bag of chips too! The homemade Gelato looks incredible, but I unfortunately didn't have any room. Very fresh and cute atmosphere, you can tell this place is finished and cared for with a touch of love by the very friendly and passionate owner.Nice variety of gelatos and my wife sampled the banana pudding milkshake. I opted for the peanut butter gelato which had streaks of strawberry jam running throughout. 
Atmosphere was nice, inviting and surprising clean considering we came towards the end of the day. I liked how the tables had little center pieces as well. 
Only complaints we had were that there were no cups for the complimentary water and the milkshake was perhaps ice-based and so there were chunks of unground ice here and there.This place is super cute and the owner is really friendly. The gelato is delicious! I recommend the mascarpone.Decided to explore my neighborhood and wandered in here and was glad I did! Very cute place run by an older Italian couple so you know their food is good!! Everything was fresh and made in house and DE-LIC-IOUS!! Tried some of the gelato and was equally impressed with that too! Lots of fresh fruit in the gelato so you can tell yourself it's healthy! .  Very cute place with food you can taste the love in run by a sweet couple. Give them a visit!All around great place to go! Great atmosphere and the gelato is amazing... I have been to many gelato places and this is my all time favorite.  The owner is a great person to chat with, really nice guy. Consistent in everything they do, I have been quite a few times and they remained consistent in quality.NOLA mia!!! Advertised as NY pizza and fitting the description.  I got excited from the get, when I saw the older Italian looking gentlemen serving me my slice.  I got a pain cheese, bc that's how one truly evaluates how hood da slice is.  Finally I place to get  slice of NY in the big easy.  I'll be back, and 5 bucks for 2 slices, come on meng!!The cafe had the super tasty New York style pizza I've been missing since moving from the East Coast. The inside of the shop, though, was really warm and melted my gelato instantly.Dont know how this place has so many good reviews. The gelato here is ridiculously overpriced and the service was quite rood. The quality is way better at Bracato's which is the gold standard. I guess this is the hipster gelato place.The owner is so nice and the gelato is delicious! The flavor selection was great and included ices and sorbets for non-dairy needs. We got banana gelato and peanut butter gelato. The banana was so creamy and my husband loved the peanut butter!This is just for their gelato, cause we didn't try their pizza- but their gelato was below mediocre. It was the only ice cream shop open at night so we decided to drive down and try it out. For $6.50 for two scoops, the price is high, but that's fine. However, the gelato tasted stale and the texture was way too smooth. I hate giving small businesses less than 3 stars but we ended up throwing away 2/3 of the gelato cause it tasted so bad.Sooooooo good!! Must come back soon!!! I had the smallest cup but honestly I can go for the the medium one. LolOrdered a calzone it was...Okay. it had been sitting there and they grab it and reheat it. Ummm not my favorite. How about you make it fresh, we weren't in a rush.  The gelato was mediocre as well. Maybe we went on an off day but it was bland flavors, cotton candy , chocolate all sub par. The prices are WAY to high. A small calzone $7. Small gelato?? $4.50!!Best pizza in town!!! The nicest people, clean and pleasant atmosphere. I'll be back again and again!!!Great slice ! Excellent nyc style slices that are affordable and in the Marigny. I'm usually a pizza d dude but I'll support this place!! Plus coffee and gelatoThe gelato here brought me right back to my trip to Rome many years ago. I ran into this cute cafe to avoid the sudden, torrential rain and despite the wetness outside it felt like the sun was shining inside this super cute place. If you've got to wait out the rain, why not eat gelato?
I knew I had to get a scoop of the the Hazelnut, and ended up with Caramel and Passion Fruit as well. The three flavors went really well with each other. The Hazelnut gelato took me immediately back to a hot, Roman plaza in the summertime. It was delicious! The Passion Fruit wasn't tart like I thought it might be, very fruity, but not overly tropical in taste. I didn't think the Caramel was going to be anything special, but I was so wrong. You must try it! Little bits of chewy, slightly salty caramel pieces were dappled in the gelato! A dream combination.
The shop is super cute, covered in pastel painted picture frames. All the colors go together to create a unique feeling, Italian cafe. The Italian owner was there and was extremely friendly. It's all very simple, but also very well executed.Been hearing lots of buzz about this joint and finally decided to check it out with my wife. Pizza is, of course, my favorite food so this was a no-brainer. I liked the pepperoni slices a lot, but it's not anything groundbreaking. The real benefit I see here is the price - $5 for two NY-style slices is pretty ridiculous. Wife got the chicken parm panini, which was fine, but definitely cold so that was a bummer for a made-to-order sandwich. Will be back for the Sicilian pie and gelato.Great vegan pizza! The cheese is made locally and has better consistency that many of the National brands.As October is Italian American Heritage Month, I will dedicate my reviews this month to the local Italian American businesses that make New Orleans so great and enrich her culture. 
Nola Mia Gelato Cafe is the best NY style pizza we have in town, hands down. I was a devotee during their food truck days, and adored their salad with the most delicious house made dressing. 
Come for the pizza, stay for the gelato. Luckily, they sell by the slice-did I mention two slices of cheese or pepperoni for only 5$!
One quibble-the mushrooms on my veggie slice were canned. No thank you!I pass this place almost every day as part of my commute.  When I saw the large ice cream cone outside, I realized I had to stop one day to try it.  One downside though is the neighborhood, which is borderline not-good, so I wasn't going to go after work in the dark.  I finally made it for lunch on a weekend.
Along with gelato they have pizza, paninis, coffee, and Italian soda.  I got the pastrami panini and then some gelato.  The sandwich came with chips, which were probably Lays chips, but I'm not docking them for that because I don't expect homemade chips at this sort of place.  One thing I noticed is that there was only one person working - presumably the owner - while I was there.  He'd probably benefit from getting a bell for the counter.
Anyway, the panini was good, and the I got dessert.  I had marcapone and stracciatella gelato, which were good.  The stracciatella was vanilla with chocolate flakes, and the marcapone was... not-quite-vanilla.  Hard to describe.
It's inevitable that locals will want to know how this place compares to Angelo Brocato's.  That's unfair, as this place is less than a year old, has less patronage, less money, and less staff.  I can't even just compare gelato because I only get the fruit ices at Brocato's.  I will make a return trip to try the ices and then update my review.He makes the best vegan pizza , in my opinion !Initial review. More to come as I will be visiting this gelateria more often. So far love the coco, cherry, biscotti are fantastic.Good.  Nice people.  Ice cream was a little long on sweet and a little short on flavor.  But god enough if you're close.Happy to have this spot in the neighborhood. I got the chicken parm panini. Perfect size for lunch. Very tasty. $8. The gelatos are handmade and the chocolate was to die for.Raphael and his staff make this place wonderful to step into every time. The food is tasty and fairly priced and the gelato leaves me satisfied always. Looking forward to seeing what specials and new flavors they add over time.Ordered the pizza and it was great! The price of a whole cheese pie is $15, they made it in 15 minutes and it was piping hot! Definitely good authentic New York pizza which held up cold the next day too. We're pretty loyal to pizza D and needed our weekly pizza fix and this was definitely a solid option but won't replace pizza D.Got a slice of supreme, was told I could get a slice of this other pizza that lacked onions and peppers but was otherwise "the same", it was not the same. Floppy. Friend got a veggie pizza slice and was also displeased. I tossed the remainder of my slice.
The gelato is ok.Picked up a pepperoni pizza from here, the first taste of pizza since March. Everything I'd dreamed of! So satisfying.Had pizza from here at my friends birthday this week and had to immediately order the next night. Easily the best pizza in Nola. We also ordered a panini and a quart of gelato. Everything was beyond excellent. They even gave us a little bonus cup of gelato in our order which was so sweet. Highly highly recommend. I didn't take pictures as we devoured everything so quickly.This place is a gem. 
I moved to the city and neighborhood recently and have been on a desperate hunt for edible pizza. This place has coffee, pastries, bagels, paninis, a wide assortment of gelato, and ... Pizza! 
The owner is from New York and understands the need for legitimate pizza. New Orleans is a desert when it comes to respectable pizza.
Though this pizza does fall into the NY slice category that's prevalent here, the slices are tastier. They're very thin, a bit greasy but not over the top, and crispy crust on the edge.
Slices are 2 for $5. They only have cheese and pepperoni, but they added delicious peppers and onions to mine.
There is no other good pizza in Marigny that you can just pick up like this. It's right next to Roberts if you want salad with your pizza. 
I will go back to try the paninis and gelato.One of the best pizzas I've found in the New Orleans area. I'm originally from the northeast, and I was recently lawyered about two new places: Nola Mia, and Zee's. I did a blind taste test to see which one I preferred, and it was Nola Mia. Looking forward to returning and trying the Grandma and Sicilian.I've been wanting to try pizza for awhile after reading so many favorable reviews & comparisons to Pizza D.  It did not disappoint!  NY style ... perfect cheese, sauce and crust (& foldable, the only way to eat it IMO)! The paninis were great, too... fresh ingredients and perfectly pressed.  Pistachio gelato was delicious... more nutty than sweet & velvety smooth!Great slice and good people. They are New Yorkers! If you want authentic New York pizza while in NOLA, go here!Tasty pizza, great gelato and quality sandwiches make Nola Mia a superior choice when looking for great opportunities to eat in NOLA.Hands down best Sicilian pizza in NOLA, don't know about regular pies but the Sicilian I just ate was amazingGreat pizza for New Orleans ! Had the Sicilian- would order again. We have tried a few different pizzas and it's been amazing.BEST. PIZZA. IN. NOLA.  I'm from the East coast which In my opinion has the best pizza overall.  NOLA Mia is the closest to East coast pizza I've had and I've spent almost 2 decades here.  I ordered a plain cheese pizza and it did not disappoint!  The crust was perfect, the sauce and cheese were so flavorful, I ate 3 giant slices alone.  I think I've found my new go to for pizza! I highly recommend everyone try it!  Let's do our best to keep this yummy place in business during these hard times.If you haven't ordered a Sicilian Pizza you are totally missing out. This is my second this week :) 
My friend let me try a slice a few weeks ago at his place and I've been hooked since then! Seriously guys this is THE PIZZA you've been waiting for.This is a great, great spot for some authentic gelato // cannoli. The cannoli are to die for and Rafael makes the best gelato this side of the Atlantic. The place is cute and also they have big, flavorful and cheap lunch sandwiches! Definitely don't miss it when you're walking around St. Claude :)This was the SMOOTHEST gelato I have ever had! I got the lime and it was tart but not too much and not too sweet either. Definitely tasted homemade! I also got the vegan parm? i believe. All i remember is it being pretty good! Vegan choices aren't very common outside of trendy spots in nola so it was nice, especially in such an authentic looking spot. The tomato sauce was awesome and definitely helped with the weird taste vegan sausage can have. Overall a lovely spot, man running it seemed very happy to be doing what he's doing!!The Sicilian Pizza was amazing,  having lived in the Northeast for some years and experienced this type of special crusted pizza in Connecticut and the piece of art at Caserta's in Providence, R.I . , I'm excited about this place. Really good pizza.7The pizza here is some of the best in the city. Though the crust is a little too soft for my liking the toppings and cheese are superb. The slices could be a bit larger but overall its on par with some of the best pizza in Nola. The Pepperoni is a bit too oily so stay away the rest is delicious.Great authentic New York City pizza made here by a gifted, authentic New York City pizza maker! You can also find great gelato and Italian sodas but I celebrate the great pizza of my former hometown and say Amen! every chance I get to stop by.Real, authentic, NYC pizza done right. Always right, always on time, and is almost better reheated. Queens has landed in New Orleans. Everything I've eaten there is just as good as the pie. Nothing too fancy, but should a real pizzeria be fancy at all? The gelato is also very very good. I've been able to do one stop to get both pizza and gelato as opposed to getting a pie on Piety and gelato on Carrollton. Not over the top expensive either. I'll be a repeat customer for as long as their door is open.Ordered the pizza and it was great! The price of a whole cheese pie is $15, they made it in 15 minutes and it was piping hot! Definitely good authentic New York pizza which held up cold the next day too. We're pretty loyal to pizza D and needed our weekly pizza fix and this was definitely a solid option but won't replace pizza D inJust got a whole pie n blood orange gelato here , n omg .. I didn't hav time to take a pic , it was so good .. I will def b back againConsistently good food, I often get delivery. Their sandwiches are great, and their gelato is obviously amazing, and their tiramisu. Trying their pizza tonight!Sweet baby Jesus, get their pizza! It's OUTSTANDING! 
We usually only go for the gelato, but tonight we picked up some pizza based off a rec from our neighbor who was a safe social distance away, and it HIT THE SPOT!!!
Arrivaderci.. 
I'm Uruguayan so I can kinda say that..Nola Mia makes EXCELLENT NY style pizza. Regular slice is great but the Nonna pie is especially delicious! It's got pecorino romano, red onion, roasted garlic, and basil. Perfect sauce to cheese ratio and fresh ingredients. Also fairly affordable.Best pizza and gelato in New Orleans. Hands down... marghertita pizza is my fav but everything in here is yummyI had heard so much about the food at Nola Mia, I was excited to try it for lunch. My husband and I shared: a slice of pep pizza, a slice of supreme pizza, the capish sandwich, and then we each got gelato. Everything was good. My favorite thing was the pepperoni pizza- the crust was so light and crispy. The chocolate gelato is also really good!This gelato cafe was listed an article introducing the top 10 ice cream shops. As it's being listed, it was very nice and inexpensive ice cream. I've ordered small cups which serves two scoops and chose berry cheesecake and stacciatella that is vanilla flavor and chocolate chips. Both of them were so delicious.This pizza is the BOMB. I am from the Northeast Rhode Island/Pennsylvania I have been searching for pizza by the slice for years. Pizza I grew up with that you fold in half and eat. This crust is PERFECT the sauce is PERFECT the cheese the doneness of the crust.   
If you are from the Northeast and have been jonesing for sliced pizza look no further. 
Eating here today made me so happy and I will be back 
We also had a small gelato one scoop of cherry and one scoop of lemon --YUMGreat pizza, fantastic milk shake. A little expensive but well worth it. The gelato shakes are fantastic!! Service was also rather quick, which is always appreciated.Oh man. The blueberry sorbet is the most heavenly flavor ever!  The waffle cones are fresh and crispy and the employees are great and it's right on a bus route.  How perfect can it get?