Great food and relaxing space. I had the Cuban Sandwich and it is one of the best I've ever had. The service was superb our waitress Mary was so friendly and took good care of us. When we had an issue with one of our items she took it off our bill without us asking. That's the type of service I appreciate. We will definitely be back.Didn't get any alcohol but everything was delicious. Ordered the pork, shrimp and steak tacos. The pork was my favorite with the mango salsa.We had a puppy with us, so we were looking for a place with outdoor seating. It's primarily an indoor restaurant, but there are a couple of tables on the sidewalk, and the staff was very attentive, even bringing out treats to offer to the dog. The food is a solid fusion of Caribbean and New Orleans. I had their house salad with chicken, and it was fantastic, served with a spicy pineapple vinaigrette. My girlfriend had fish tacos that were equally delicious, and came with these irresistible long fried plantain chips. An excellent experience overall; they didn't miss a note. We'll definitely be back.Excellent food and service. Popped in for lunch on x mas eve. Everything was tasty. And the place is very cool and a great option to the standard nola fare.This is an excellent new restaurant offering in New Orleans.  Caribbean flavors are fresh and exciting.  The drink menu is unique.  We tried the Pain Killer, the Bloody Jerk, and the Climate Change which is served with a pepper infused ice ball.
We loved the Mahi Mahi entree with a chimichurri sauce and black bean salsa.  The filet with enchilada was excellent, as was the Pork Chop and the Ginger Salmon.  
For desert, don't miss the iron skillet cookie.
The menu is loaded with excellent choices.
The ambiance is very pleasant and comfortable.  Prices are reasonable.  Service was excellent.   We will be back.We visited New Orleans for 5 days and this was by far the best place we ate.  The food is delicious. The atmosphere is relaxing.  The place is clean. The food is healthy.  The staff is friendly.  The prices are very reasonable.Lots of options and everything we ordered was delicious. Staff attentive and helpful. I would say this is a hidden secret just outside the busy city. Highly recommendFabulous food in an amazing atmosphere served by great staff members! Can not recommend the food enough - tacos were fabulous, fried chicken sandwich was delightful & the desserts are out of this world. The manager/chef visited our table and was extremely personable. Please visit this establishment - you will not be disappointed!We loved our experience and look forward to going back.  They were so kind and welcoming to our family.  The chairs were comfortable and the service was amazing.Yes, try this place out. We are tourists but we were treated like locals. We walked here from the WWII Museum on the way back to our hotel. The food and the service are the best. Check it out!Loved this place!  We went for brunch.  Service was kind of slow, especially when others came that were all sharing our one waitress. 
Was kind of annoyed about having to go to the CBD for brunch and for it being so expensive but it was totally worth it.  My $25 duck and eggs was one of the best meals I had ever had! 
Inside is nice and the tables are beautiful.   It's a little awkward having your party split up by greenery but the plants are beautiful.   Can't wait until we can come back!Nice little spot, I came for the bottomless mimosas $19 and so happened to eat as well. I was intrigued by the ceviche oysters, it's an inquired taste but very good. The chicken and waffle comes with a spicy sauce that just made the meal. The atmosphere of the place is great and the service felt like home. If you're in the area and need a last minute Sunday reservation, check them out!Amazing atmosphere cocktails very tasty 
and service was fast  
I'm living around the corner and have business here too 
Really I'm happy to have this concept restaurant in this neighborhood 
Definitely you must get soup when you get here it's yummy 
All apps very delicious I ordered couple different ones all of them were amazingI really enjoyed this restaurant. We started with the ceviche and the dip duo (guacamole and a chilled jalapeno queso) and they were both a great start to our visit. The flavors were awesome. Then my friend and I split the the ginger salmon and the mahi mahi which were both delicious. I can't choose which I preferred because they both had great flavor profiles. We were stuffed and couldn't finish our entrees but still found room for dessert and glad we did because the skillet cookie was so good. I left stuffed and satisfied. We also tried multiple cocktails and they were good too and definitely not watered down. I definitely plan to returnWent for happy hour, stayed for dinner. Service was good. Food was very delicious. The restaurant is so gorgeous!!!  We had the Crispy wings- mango-pineapple hot sauce, Mango mojito, Watermelon  freeze, Jalapeño-queso dip (served cold), and Tres LechesThis place is genuinely not good. First thing is the service is very subpar - we waited a while for our order to be taken, food to be served, and even our water glasses to be filled. Worse than that, the food is honestly kinda bad. The tacos were absolutely flavorless, with most of the flavor from my food ultimately coming from hot sauce, and the appetizer pimento dish was wholly unappealing. Not great, unfortunately.Wonderful place and excellent food! Tacos were amazing  and the deserts were all great. Highly recommend!Wonderful, welcome addition to the downtown dining scene!  I recently tried it for the first time for lunch and it was fantastic.  I had the two tacos and two sides entree - shrimp and beef tacos and cucumber and black bean sides.  Everything was fresh, perfectly seasoned delicious.  The shrimp were lightly pan fried with a chili glaze and the beef was very tender and full of flavor.  The cucumber was marinated with a light tangy sauce and included black olives and feta. Very refreshing.  The black beans were your typical black bean dish for a Caribbean restaurant but did taste fresh too which is always a huge plus.  This place is definitely worth the walk from the Quarter or would be a quick, cheap Uber/Lyft/Cab ride.  I will most definitely be back ASAP!This place is AMAZING!!!  We had the ahi tuna tacos for an appetizer and would highly recommend. It was incredibly fresh and the sauce was perfect. For my main course I had the fried chicken sandwich and added French fries...the batter and slaw on the sandwich will have me coming back for more.  My husband had the shrimp street tacos and left nothing behind. My six year old had, according to him, the best grilled cheese and French fries that he's ever had...even came with chocolate ice cream for dessert!
I had the mojito for my cocktail and had them add sugar to it because they make it the traditional Caribbean way (not sweet) and it hit the spot!
Waitress, Nuru, was fabulous!!!  Would definitely recommend and will come again. Food is so fresh!!!The Island burger with plantains, wow what a meal. Wish I lived in NOLA.This new place might just be my new favorite place in Nola. Best part is that it's right around the corner from home so that makes it that much better. The space is very open with a modern touch. The bar is in the center staffed with what could be the two of the most friendliest bartenders in the city. You have to try the climate change cocktail. It's their twist on a margarita.  It only does it look amazing but it tastes great too. The ice ball they use is chili infused so the longer the drink sits, the spicier it gets. Simply put, amazing, especially for all you spice lovers. We also tried their ahi tuna tacos with the Szechuan sauce and they just melted in our mouths. Welcome to the neighborhood Nola Caye! We will be back soon and will bring friends!!!The food and drinks are great, and the staff is always extremely friendly! The location is gorgeous!Tasty treat. Avoids busy traffic of french quarters. Would recommend and will go back.Everything about this spot was wonderful! From the hostess, who has the best bubbly personality, to the beautiful decor (and social distancing measures), to our server who was literally the best and sweetest. The food was amazing (I had the coconut shrimp app and ahi tuna salad), the climate change cocktail was delicious, and everything was presented beautifully.
I wish all the success to Nola caye because y'all deserve it!Nola Caye never lets us down with the food selection and to top it off also has bottomless mimosas.I finally came to nola caye after walking by multiple times and admiring it through the windows. The food did not disappoint but was a bit expensive for what it is (which is why I gave it 4 stars) 
We ordered apps only - the guacamole and ahi tuna ceviche. Both were fantastic. I especially loved how chunky the guac was. The flavors here were great and the chips were super fresh
I would definitely recommend this place!I ordered delivery this evening through UberEats.  Two orders each of 3 tacos and a side, no guacamole, and an order of queso.  What arrived?  ONE order of 3 tacos and a side, and every taco was slathered in guac.  DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS RESTAURANT.  I hope they go out of business!!!!!NOLA Caye opened a few weeks ago in my neighborhood so I thought I would give it a try. 
The space Is modern and very comfortable. The food is Carabian inspired . I had the jerk chicken with black beans and fried green plantains. The jerk chicken portion was good sized and very flavorful with a pinaple mango salsa. Although this location is a little bit off the beaten path of the quarter and CBD, NOLA Caye is definately worth a try.I went to the Nola Caye today for a late lunch, early dinner meal. They offer inside and outside seating. I chose to sit outside today because it was a beautiful day. 
To start, I ordered the Crab and Conch Fritters with garlic-lime mayo. The portion was plentiful for an appetizer and very delicious. Definitely something that can be shared amongst the table or would make a great leftover snack if your eyes are too big. Six pieces of big, plump, soft, flavorful fritters filled with chunks of meat. 
I also ordered the Caribbean Pork tacos braised in mojo with pineapple salsa. My two sides were black beans and crispy plantains. The plantains were sliced long, lightly fried and served in a basket like fries. A very unique and different idea. They weren't sliced too thin to be crispy like potato chips, which I was expecting. The black beans were served refried style and the flavor knocked me over! Honestly, they were the best part of the entrée. The pork in the tacos were tender but lacked flavor. The pineapple salsa was heavy in pineapples and a good combination with the pork but together the flavor was just "a'ight" for me. And it was only served on one taco shell, which any taco aficionado knows if you're using soft shells, you need two shells.  The tacos fell apart after one bite, but that didn't prevent me from finishing them. The black beans on top added just the right amount of flavor for the tacos. 
The food is served on heavy, stone type plates. Different and I like it. 
The service was outstanding. Halfway through the meal, a woman came outside and checked on me, asking if my meal was good and if I needed anything. She didn't introduce herself, but I appreciated the attention.  
I will definitely go back again.This is one of the best happy hours New Orleans has to offer. I've been to this place two times within the past 2 weeks. Happy Hour is Monday through Friday from 3pm-6pm. This Happy Hour is too good to pass up. The drinks and wines are only $6, beer $4. I recommend the pain killer and mojito. They offer a variety of small bites, all for under $10. I recommend the crispy chicken wings and jalapeño-queso dip, both are only $5. 
They have indoor and outdoor seating. The weather was so nice both times I went, I opted for outdoor seating. However inside has a nice ambiance, plenty of plants and woodwork. The service at Nola Caye is top notch. Both times the mangers came to check on us to see if we were pleased with the food and service. We had Sereniti for a waitress and she was awesome. So nice and very knowledgeable about the menu. The entire staff was nice. We will definitely be back. 
The location is perfect, located in the CBD. Tip: Be prepared to pay for parkingHad a delicious lunch here.  The crispy oyster taco, the crispy shrimp taco and the seared tuna street taco were fabulous.  We also had the island stack salad which was excellent.  The jalapeno cheddar grits and the roasted corn were also excellent.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  The outside dining is covered with a tent and very comfortable.Lovely atmosphere, fresh, delicious cuisine, cocktails were spot on, and service was impeccable!nolacaye  quietly opened up on the corner of Baronne and Howard at the end of last year (2019) but the food speaks volumes. Caribbean inspired and full of flavor. There were so many things we wanted to try but we stuck with the traditional jerk chicken which was tender and had just the right amount of spice. I had the Cuban, the bread  was perfect, toasted on the outside but soft on the inside, full of meat and not skimpy on the pickles. We had the popular chilled queso and guacamole which was unique and filling. We went on a Monday evening and the spacious restaurant only had one other guest so we felt comfortable to dine in.  (LGBQ+ friendly)This has easily become one of my favorite spots for brunch. The staff is awesome and super accommodating, the food and drinks are good, and the atmosphere is chill while still being fun. 
I first came for brunch for my birthday last year and have come back several times. We've always had great service and the general manager always made us feel so welcomed. The owner is also sometimes onsite greeting customers and making sure everyone is comfortable and taken care of. 
While I've only been for brunch, NOLA Caye's space is great for all types of occasions, date night, lunch with friends, just grabbing drinks, dinner with the family, you name it. 
The bottomless mimosas and food are great reasons to stop by for sure, but the hospitality will definitely keep you coming back!Second time visiting in a week. The food is fabulous!!!!
I highly recommend the lobster roll and fries.The space looks fairly new and appears to be very clean, however the food is quite terrible. What wasn't bland, was just horribly off. It's pretty hard to mess up tacos, but they do. It seems very confused. It's supposed to be Caribbean, but has more food that you would see on a Mexican Menu. What adds insult to injury is that it's expensive and the portions are meager on top of being totally terrible.Nola Caye is definitely on my list for a revisit. The space was so beautiful and the music choice of soulful R&B was a huge check off on my list. It wasn't too loud just right. During my visit you had an option of indoor seating or outside which I really liked. Now on to the food. Y'all !! The crispy shrimp and chicken wings were the BOMB !! The sauce was sooo delicious and a must when you visit. The only down fall about my meal was the rice. It was on the harder side and not at flavorful as I had hoped, but it wasn't terrible and maybe that's how it was suppose to be made. I would get the roasted corn instead next time which was really good. The service was great and everyone was very nice and welcoming so I definitely would recommend visiting. I would love to visit during dinner next time.We happened upon this spot in route to the WWII Museum. Everything about it was fantastic. Great, friendly, and efficient service. Perfect food. Very clean. 
Order assorted tacos, black beans, yellow rice, crispy plantains, and house sangria -- all of it very delicious.Very clean location, great food but the waitress Ariel stood out more than anything! She was happy, bubbly and knowledgeable!From start to finish EVERYTHING was perfect! Lobster cold and full of flavor with the added warm butter garlic they also have a Brunch menu didnt know had a breakfast burrito which the wife loved! Drinks speak for themselves. LYNN the manager its wonderful from the moment you walk in she makes you feel welcome checks up on you and you fee like friends once you leave!Really nice new restaurant. They opened December 2019. It's a fun Caribbean inspired restaurant with great food and music. I really liked the guacamole, jerk chicken,  veggie burger, skillet cookie and climate
Change drink. Customer service is really good and it is in a good location on Baronne Street. 
I highly recommend this restaurant! Oh, and happy hour is Monday - Friday 1/2 off drinks.Do yourself a favor and put this place at the top of your must-do New Orleans bucket list. If you're lucky enough to live and work in New Orleans, this place is perfect for a work lunch where you can actually hear each other talk, even though you won't be  conversing much once the amazing food shows up. Grab happy hour or have an intimate supper with your sweetie. The ambiance is awesome for any occasion. 
I met friends there and we shared many bottles of wine, the pimento cheese/guacamole appetizer, chicken tortilla soup, taco samplers, the red curry shrimp, and tres leches. The presentation and taste were incredible. The most surprising dish was the fried oyster tacos! It was the unique taco I never knew I needed in my life! Our server, Roz, was so nice and attentive without being one of those hovering servers tha always seems to check on your table in the middle of a conversation. The food all came out quick and hot. 
This place will soon become a New Orleans staple for sure. Great addition to this food city so many gravitate to!!!I cannot describe the flavors! I ate the food before I could take pics. I have eaten many places here in Nola but this was exceptional! I had the crispy wings, the house salad full of mangoes pineapples avacado tomatoes!!! I had the crab and conch fritters and the flan! This was all on ubereats! Packaged perfectly!! I will definitely be going here once the pandemic lightens up more!!! Thank you Nola Caye!Only been open 5-6 weeks, but already fantastic food and service!  The best coconut shrimp I've ever had, and the chef was generous enough to add a couple as he thought the originals were too small - nobody does that!  The Island Stack was awesome - great seafood and great sauce/dressing - the best (if I can pick just one) was the ginger salmon entree - kind of a lacquer soy/ginger sauce on the outside, perfectly cooked, and a generous portion.  topped off with fried plantains and black beans, and even though we split everything, no room for dessert.  Just one more reason to go back!My family and I went during the College National Championship weekend it was a very layed back atmosphere.  Very nice place with high ceilings, Great service, clean bathrooms.  We ordered several different tacos,  Lobster Roll,  and Ginger Salmon.  Everything was Great although Ginger Salmon was the best!  Can't wait to go back!I wish I could give a fraction of a star, because this place really doesn't deserve a 3-star rating, but it was definitely not a 4-star experience either. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't anything special. The tacos were fine, the drinks were fine, the service was ok. The staff were very friendly, but it was weird how empty the place was on a Friday night - my date and I were literally the only two customers in the place. It's a tough corner on which to succeed in any kind of business, so I feel for them, but they really need to step up their game if they want to make it. I have a really long list of restaurants in the city that I want to try, and this one was on it but now that I've been I'm gonna check it off the list and not return.Adorable little gem at the corner of Baronne and St. Joseph. The food was absolutely wonderful, from preparation to presentation, very pleasing. We especially enjoyed the fantastic staff (shoutout Craig) and unique spin on their Bloody Mary made with a  jerk seasoning. They offer a weekend brunch with bottomless mimosas. Chicken and waffles and Cuban sandwich are to die for. They were extremely welcoming and gave us amazing suggestions to navigate the city. Amazing taste of southern hospitality. Would 10/10 recommend stopping by for a great start for your New Orleans day adventure.Amazing food!!!! Everything we had was incredible and my husband and I fought over each bite! The ahi tuna, plantain chips, taco trio, and trace leches were all perfect. Full bar too. Would give this more stars if I could. Try the mango ketchup!Phenomenal Caribbean food! Oxtail and ginger soy salmon were my favorite. Solid happy hour tooWow! We stopped in with a group of family and had the best experience. It's a beautifully designed space with high ceilings, tons of windows, and original architectural finishes in this old New Orleans building that has been completely transformed. The menu was great with a nice range of options from salads to tacos to full entrees without being overwhelming. Favorites in our group were the island stack salad, the mahi-mahi, the tacos, and the coconut shrimp. Desserts were amazing especially the tree leches cake, the white chocolate chip cookie served in a cast iron skillet and the key lime pie. Kids had lots of choices too. And don't forget the drinks! The Paloma and Sangria were our two faves but lots of choices here and the bar is great. Would be fun even to stop in for drinks and appetizers. Can't wait to come back!GREAT ATMOSPHERE,  AWESOME SERVICE,  IMPRESSIVE HOUSE DRINKS, NOW THE FOOD . . . . IS STELLAR  ! ! ! ! We were totally blown away by how inviting and welcoming the atmosphere here is. One of the owners even took time to come around and ensure that we were okay and satisfied, THAT MAKES A BIG DIFFERENCE. Those dam lamb chops are the devils advocate,  stack salad was soooo fresh, but that dam chicken tortilla soup makes you wanna slap somebody. NOWWWWW, that cookie dessert almost had me catching the holy ghost  ! ! ! I'm supper excited and looking forward to returning, so I can work my way through this menu. I think I've just found a lil piece of heaven in the CBD.We tried Nola Caye for the first time this evening, and we LOVED it! The atmosphere was great, and our service was top-notch. The drink menu was extensive, and each drink was delicious. Plus, the food was so well-seasoned and authentic. We will 100% be back because there were so many things on the menu that we wanted to try. Try this restaurant! You won't be disappointed!Nola Caye brunch is amazing and my experience was great due to my server Roslyn. She was so helpful and her servers was impeccable. I definitely would recommend coming to Nola Caye!!!I was on the hunt for conch fritters in NOLA and thank you to Nola Caye for making this happen. The restaurant's location is fabulous! Outside seating is always appreciated to enjoy the sights and sounds of the city. The conch fritters is a great appetizer option. They are a generous size and served with a dipping sauce. My entree was the Red Shrimp Curry which was is delicious. Our server was Paisley and she was attentive and accommodating. Can't forget about the Tres Leches cake. It was the first time I tried Tres Leches and it was amazing. This was a great find thanks to Yelp. I plan to re-visit for sure. I would suggest making a reservation in advance.I went to New Orleans to visit for a few days and came across Nola Caye, a very freshly open restaurant in business for a little under a year. I must say soon as I approached the outside exterior and how it's decorated i already knew as soon as I got in I could tell I was going be in for a quite the experience. I started off with a few apps to begin my flavorful adventure; I ordered their wings, dip duo, coconut shrimp, fish tacos and conch fritters!!!! All were very delightful but I have to see the conch fritters my favorite (and suggested by my lovely server) and I'd highly recommend sharing East bite with the provided dipping sauce! The wings each bite with the sauce it comes with; full of flavor, crispy and just right amount of crunch. I went with some company for a graduation occasion and we were immediately comfortable with our server and even the manager came out personally to assure us we'd have nothing to worry about. Next on the menu I ordered a few entrées, I had the ox tail,  pork chops, oysters and roasted chicken. In my life I've never had a more finer well portion size pork chop. So fresh mouthwatering and delectable glazed with with a sweet sauce that will explode in mouth with satisfaction. The ox tail was made over a fresh bed of grits which I've never had as a combination but was so tempting I couldn't resist, especially being in New Orleans which their known for flavor!!! Safe to say they know 100% what they're doing in the kitchen; Ive never tried to oysters before but I'm always one to step out of my comfort zone and I can't seem to find any reason why I never had them before, very different texture but I understand the appreciation people have behind them, i'd recommend sprinkling a slight amount of lemon on top them to give it a nice citrusy flavor. You can't go wrong ordering the roasted chicken, classic and the portion size is enough to share if you'd like, served with a side of fresh vegetables I think it's an equal smooth balance, I'd recomend to anyone who is searching for an exceptional meal. My server was very attentive and always went above and beyond for my guest and made sure my first experience would not be my last. Towards the end of my evening here I was stuffed, satisfied and when I thought everything was over we were amazed with complementary drinks courtesy of the company for the whole table!!! Is there anything they can't do here, I was so happy to come here and will always visit anytime I'm in New Orleans. What I love most about Nola Caye is that you get a five-star experience, 100% worth every dollar, it's not super expensive, and not to mention their above and beyond customer service. Excellent for dates, celebrations or just a single evening dinner.Great atmosphere, great service and even better food! We ordered a lobster roll which was damn good! We also ordered the oysters which were good as well. We went during happy hour and their happy hour menu was great! Along with our meal we had a Casa Migos tequila flight and it was the perfect addition to our meal: Eat here and you won't be disappointed!Beyond impressed!!! I've ordered lunch and dinner from Nola Caye four times in the past two weeks and each time it seems better than the last. As some of the best food I've had in a while, everything comes hot, packaged very well, and items are exactly as I request. The guacamole and queso is a fav as well as the chicken sandwich.
I can't wait to actually dine in at the restaurant and try a few of their cocktails that I've heard so much about.
Great job Nola Caye!!!Service was good welcoming and entertaining. Food was fast hot and delicious. Prices are a little far fetched for carribean food they have steak house prices on the entrees.Drove by one night and seen their bar area lit up, and I decided to stop in the following day. I'm glad I did. My partner and I arrived around noon and were the sole patrons for about half an hour. We ate at the bar; the bartender was lovely. The mojitos he made were a little strong, but I prefer it that way. We ordered the conch fritters, which were great. We also ordered the shrimp and oyster tacos, red shrimp curry, and strip steak. Everything was delicious and fresh. These nice eateries pop up around the city frequently but the only thing will get me coming back; the service. 10/10 service here. Definitely going back. A really nice date night/lunch option. I wish them all the success.Great food, service and atmosphere. Very clean and unique establishment. The pork chop was the most tender I have ever had, it was mind blowing. The jalapeño cheddar grits and the chicken tortilla soup were also amazingEverything was great! The braised oxtail and chicken and waffle were sensational! Can't forget the bottomless mimosas that kept on coming.Cute CBD spot with brunch on the weekends BUT they also serve their regular menu too! So while one of us was craving their yummy benedict, I went tacos and another friend tried one of their salads.
Service was great and they do have some outdoor seating. But it was noon and  OMG hot so we sat inside. We split the ahi tuna app and it was delicious. I had the 2 tacos, 2 sides plate with  one fish taco, one shrimp taco, cucumber salad and grits. The fish was great but the shrimp was a little sweet for me. The salad was perfect but the grits were a little solid. My friends enjoyed their food. We opted out of drinking on this particular afternoon but the groups around us were enjoying mimosas (maybe bottomless).
Which brings me to my main complaint. It was LOUD. I know I've spent a year indoors but the volume was a problem for me. Maybe it was the area I was sitting in? Will definitely give them another shot.This has easily become one of my favorite spots for brunch. The staff is awesome and super accommodating, the food and drinks are good, and the atmosphere is chill while still being fun. 
I first came for brunch for my birthday last year and have come back several times. We've always had great service and the general manager always made us feel so welcomed. The owner is also sometimes onsite greeting customers and making sure everyone is comfortable and taken care of. 
While I've only been for brunch, NOLA Caye's space is great for all types of occasions, date night, lunch with friends, just grabbing drinks, dinner with the family, you name it. 
The bottomless mimosas and food are great reasons to stop by for sure, but the hospitality will definitely keep you coming back!Dining During Covid... DDC. You ALREADY KNOW!!!!
Score one for THE NOLA BABY. Yet another dining establishment for the records. 
Located on the corner of Baronne and Saint Joseph this little eatery is a doll. And when I say DOLL, I mean cute as it wants to be and elegant at the same time.
The air inside is so fresh and vibrant. I love the decor, I love the seating, I love the vibe, I love that there are windows so I can feed my HABIT of 'being a Lookie-Lue';  you know for entertainment purposes ONLY... I also love that the kitchen is WIDE open so you can see what is going on inside. Not only am I a Lookie Lue but I'm also a nosy Rosie.
The wait staff is very helpful and accommodating, sometimes they get a little swamped, as this place is quite popular as of late & can't get back to you to refill your champagne; did I tell you they have bottomless mimosas/champagne on Sundays? OK, I'll get it in a minute but sometimes the wait staff can't get right back to you to fill your glass and since don't leave the champagne bottle on the table, you just have to wait.
The food is scrumptiously delicious. We had two tacos and two sides, the oysters were very plump and juicy, the fried portion on the outside was perfect. I had a brunch burrito, it was tasty through and through, everything  was perfect, three sauces on top each had a different taste to it, ummmmm, ummmmm good. 
Love that there's also a brunch menu, if you don't wanna necessarily eat what's on the regular menu.  The regular menu has salads, soups, burgers, fish, oxtails, baby back ribs, tacos you name it it's all there. I also love that this restaurant is Caribbean inspired which fits in perfectly here in THE NOLA BABY, because lots of our restaurants have cuisine that is inspired from other cultures.
So now, I want to talk about the bottomless mimosas on Sundays. I don't know the start time, but I know it's over at 4 o'clock, so get there before then. You can get bottomless champagne or bottomless mimosas, pick your poison; they refill the champagne glasses as they pass, the orange juice is left on the table for you to pour as you desire. This is a fair way to do it because I understand they may not want you sharing YOUR order of bottomless mimosas/champagne with your dining companions. Heck, that's how they make their money because who's going to drink a whole bottle of champagne (meeeeeeee....lol). No but seriously, one can drink maybe three and that's it, and even 3 is pushing it. So they've made their money. I'm at not gonna knock it, it's great marketing.
Street parking is the call for the day. 
I plan to return to partake some of the other items on the menu. Hip hip hooray for Nola Caye. (See how that rhymed... lol)We sat outside and had the stacked salad, red curry shrimp and fried plantains. The food was delicious, I am giving 4 instead of 5 stars because the server brought everything out at the same time. I just assumed they would bring the salad first and then the entree, as is typical. The server also didn't check back to see if we wanted a second drink. We easily would have ordered another glass of sangria, but were never asked (it seemed like maybe they wanted to get us in and out?) We had a 7 pm reservation and were done eating at 7:30! We were hoping for a more leisurely dining experience, but we did stretch it out a bit more by deciding to add a key lime pie, which was AMAZING.Always a winner!! Romantic atmosphere, carefully designed and friendly staff.  We never had to ask for service, even the manger stopped by to say hello.  The Food is good.  Maybe a bit salty... but good.  This spot, located on a busy corner,  is fun with friends or a date.  
It is also COVID safe and sanitized after every table is turned.This is a new restaurant located at the bottom of Hotel Domio. As you walk in, you get that modern/classy/open concept vibe which is the latest trend - truly beautiful. They have so many booths, tables and sufficient seats by the bar so I do not think reservation is a must. We sat by the bar at the end. We got the drink and food menu as soon as we sat. We ordered climate change, paloma and ahi tuna tacos. Both of our drinks were amazing - climate change was something I have never had... the ice ball is made of chili water so it gets spicier the longer you wait. As for Paloma, we asked the bartender to make it more tart than sweet and he definitely accommodated us as it came out perfect. 
Food came out super promptly and overall service at Nola Caye from the bartender and the servers was top notch. I honestly do not have not a single bad to say about this place. I look forward to come back here again and dine as we only came here for a bite and few drinks.My wife and I stopped in here for happy hour. It is a short walk from the French Quarter, but as we found well worth it. We ordered a few rounds of oysters and how could you not at these prices. Fun and friendly bartenders, we had Ben who was excellent for both service and conversation.I can't say enough about how good this restaurant was. Ambiance, service, food and value, thanks to Coolinary. Although the regular menu looked enticing and reasonable as well. Salmon and roasted corn were amazing. Jerk chicken and plantains were, too. Highly highly recommend trying this place.Two words: Saturday brunch
Four words: Saturday brunch, a MUST!
I have been hearing non-stop about how great the brunch is at NOLA Caye, so I decided to go and see for myself because let's be honest: people have acquired tasted and sometimes poor judgment and being the brunch aficionado that I am, I had to go see for myself what all the hype was about this brunch here. 
Pros:
- Reservations: They take them. If you haven't noticed by now, I live for a reservation because who likes to wait for awesome food?? No one. Exactly.
- Service: The service was A1. Beatrice was the server and she was the absolute best. Super attentive, knew the menu and offered honest suggestions. 
- Atmosphere: It's cute. Very fresh decor and they weren't crowded, so I could truly take in the ambiance. I would honestly come here just to hang at the bar. It's very inviting. Huge widows which is a plus if you're like me and like to "people watch!"
- Food: I had the Chicken & Waffles with jerk butter & bacon and as you can see, the only photos that made it to this review were the mimosas, which were BOTTOMLESS by the way (SCORE!). Which leads me to my next point: drinks.
- Drinks: Two words: BOTTOMLESS mimosas (or champagne, if that's your thing). The champagne that they use for the mimosa wasn't my favorite, but they give you a variety of juices to add to it and that made a world of difference. We opted for pineapple, orange, cranberry, mango puree and strawberry puree. There was an option for grapefruit juice, but it was hard no for me. Extra points because Beatrice truly lived up to the BOTTOMLESS part of the mimosas. She kept them flowing and I never saw the bottom of my glass. Shoutout to you Beartrice, you killed it! 
Cons:
You would think after the awesome pros I listed that I wouldn't have any cons, but alas, here we are...
- Parking: that's it. Parking was a pain, but that's to be expected since this cute little spot sits smack dab on the corner of Baronne & Howard Ave. Come early or be read to walk. That's it. That's my only con!
Was it worth it? Yes. 
Will I be back? Absolutely.I stopped by for a quick dessert, Tres Leches is one of my fav desserts and I wasn't a huge fan of this one. The cake was too dry even with the milks. The berries and bananas were super fresh though.Love it here! Cool vibe and a lot of options for good eats! Also, nice happy hour can't wait to try brunch !Love the decor and ambiance, but the food wasn't the best especially in a foodie city like NOLA. Fun little place to feel like you're almost in the Bahamas, but wouldn't be upset if we never ate there again.Amazing food and great service. I was there tonight with my friend and Kelsey was the most helpful and pleasant server I have encountered since I've lived in New Orleans. She was so friendly and kept checking how we were doing. Top class service. She also gave great recommendations on the menu. The Mahi Mahi was amazing and the Nachos with the cheese and guacamole dip were amazing. This place really is a hidden gem. I love what they have done with the outside seating to accommodate the city mandated restrictions. The place is very clean and all the staff had masks which I appreciate. 
Also we had multiple members of staff come and check on us. I will be back to try more of the amazing menu. There is so much on there. It's like a Caribbean, South American & Mexican blend. Very unique and so good. Thanks again Kelsey and the rest of the super nice staff.Delightful Caribbean food !! I am becoming 
 a regular .. and manage to sit outside ..rain or shine ! Happy hour menu is full of tasty nibbles ..from 1.00 oysters to fabulous pepper jelly chicken wings.. then you can tackle the scrumptious tacos..or a jerk chicken salad .. then on to a desert menu .. but ya got to try the key lime pie !!!  Go try it out !!! Plenty of room inside and out ! CocoWe stumbled upon this place after finding two bbq places we wanted to visit were both closed. So happy I found this place on Yelp because we loved it! I started with a climate change cocktail and it was delicious! For food I ordered the ahi tuna starter tacos as my main along with one vegetarian taco. Everything was absolutely delicious, the ahi was prepared perfectly and they put just the right amount of salsa and sauces on the tacos so they aren't too gooey. Not only was the food great, but the place is decorated beautifully and the servers were so nice and attentive.
We live in DC so we won't be back ago anytime soon, but I highly recommend it to any locals or tourists looking for good food and drinks!Omgggg. I love this place so much for brunch. I love the fact that you can make reservations which allt of brunch places don't do reservations. I also love that they serve brunch EVERYDAY. I had the chicken and waffle that came im with bacon that was soooo good as well as bottomless mimosas. The waiter was so nice and never left my mimosa glass empty. I'm actually going back Saturday.  Bottomless mimosa me please ayyyyyyeCute fun, fresh place that Nola needs!!! I hope this place can stay around through covid because it's a great new Caribbean style with so many options to chose from. I got the 3 tacos+ one side, the oyster taco was my fave and I highly recommend the jalapeno cheese grits as well!!WOW. First off, our server Mike was SO helpful and friendly. Every dish our table ordered was 10/10. I got the lobster roll with cheddar grits and the Paloma. The grits weren't the most incredible I've had but they were still great. The lobster roll was seriously out of this world. We also got the ribs, the Cuban, and the burger. The atmosphere was cute and chill. Will definitely come back here when returning to New Orleans.Nice spacious restaurant with big bar and open kitchen  The food is delicious! Everything is so flavorful. MUST order the coconut shrimp, tuna taco app, mahi mahi, red curry shrimp and the lobster roll. The black beans (side dish) are also bomb. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.