Went here for dinner and ordered:
Garlic Crusted Gulf Drum (4 stars)
-fish itself was very fresh and light
-the garlic crust was just right
-it is served with potatoes and green beans--if you're hungry it probably won't fill you up
Shrimp and Grits (3 stars)
-first bite was excellent but then it tapered off real quick. If I wasn't splitting the meal with my partner, it would've gotten old real quick
-I saw a lot of people order the bbq shrimp which seemed like a better option
Broccolini (5 stars)
-sauteed with garlic chunks
-flavorful and light; this dish was the perfect compliment to our meal
We sat at one of the high top tables right by where the cooks were making the food.  That was a cool experience but the service was a little slow and when it got busy I kept getting bumped.It took a while to get their attention that I wanted to sit down and eat lunch, but once they noticed me, they treated me like a king.  
I got a seat at the cooking station, my favorite spot, and enjoyed the Gumbo and Pork Cheek po-boy.  
Good place to go.This was our first dinner in the French quarter.  The food was good.  We had a party of 14, and had a great time.  The service was excellent.  The MAC & Cheese was great.  I don't remember what I had for the main course, but it was delicious.  I left content after we finished our dinner.Ah, a tale of two experiences.  Unfortunately it was the weekend of LSU v. Florida and town was overrun with Gators fans.  We were seated very late and the restaurant looked like a drunken good ol' boy fraternity reunion.  By this i mean it was loud!!!!  I asked my waiter if it was always this loud or were most of the other tables in fact screaming.  He said it was the latter, but didn't do a damn thing about it.  Oh well, i chose not to leave so . . .
On to the food.  For two we ordered Wood Roasted Oysters, Duck Confit Pizza with Fried Egg, Mussels in Chardonnay Broth, Goat Cheese-strawberry salad, and side of Cheddar Grits.  The waiter and I spoke about how to bring the food out and then to my surprise it all arrived at once.  Yikes.  The problem was rectified quickly though and apologies all around.
Oysters were good as two or three were included in each hole of the cast iron serving dish.  Nice that the broth was not overpoweringly garlic/butter flavor (ala Acme).  So we could taste the oysters and the liquid retained a briny flavor.
Mussels were good too as the broth was also redolent of the sea and the wine, while not being too garlicky and buttery.  Nice and light.
Pizza disappointed a bit as the dough was delicious but the fried egg was pretty well done and there was no yolk to ooze over the duck and crust.  Truffle oil was a nice touch though my wife didn't care for the flavor.
The salad was very good and stood out for its unique dressing, which we inquired about.  The waiter claimed it was a strawberry balsamic.  Didn't taste like it and upon leaving checked the specials board to find out it was a Cane Syrup-Brown butter vinaigrette.  Very tasty, sweet and nutty.  the grits were darn good but i would bet that was due to copious amounts of butter (and maybe cream too).  Not the kind you'd make at home but I guess thats the point.
For dessert we had the banana pudding cake, with drunken monkey ice cream.  Ice cream was very good, cake about what you'd expect.  
Would return for the food but the atmosphere was not conducive to a couples night out . . . unless you showed up rip roaring drunk and enjoy screaming to heard.NOLA's namesake is certainly a staple in the city. The staff provides attentive service with a smile. The noise level for brunch was moderate. We had reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival. The bi-level dining room is bright and open, but the second level has more ambiance. I was blown away by the Duck Confit Pizza my first time at Nola so this time I decided to try the Shrimp and Grits. I'm sad to say I wasn't really blown away. I love creamy grits, but these were a bit too creamy with not a lot of texture. The shrimp were small and nothing to write home about. My friend had the fried chicken. The flavor was great and the chicken was delicate and juicy the only downside was the chicken's crust. When cutting into the chicken the crust fell off...not  quite the perfect bite you'd expect. If you're a fan of Maryland style lump crab cakes I'd suggest by passing the crab cake app. The Boudin Balls were great and would certainly recommend those. Overall it was a good dining experience.I went here for during my birthday trip this past weekend and it was the best food on the trip.  We had the stuffed chicken wings as an appetizer and they were the best things ever!  I had the fried chicken and my friend had the shrimp and grits.  The chicken was good but the shrimp and grits were better!  I wanted to trade meals!  I had never had grits before and tried them at a few other places but they were the best here.  Don't get me wrong the chicken was good too.  For dessert we had the ooey gooey cake.  Awww sooo good.  They even put a candle in it for my birthday.  
Overall delicious.  The best meal I had on the entire trip.  It was a tad on the expensive side but worth it.I like to tell people how I'm sure Emeril put an entire stick of butter in my shrimp and grits (and bacon) entree, and how it gave me heartburn for the rest of the night. But I will tell you, my friends, that it didn't stop me from going back and ordering the same thing because it was so damn delicious the first time.
NOLA is a fun place for groups. It's not a place I would suggest for an intimate and romantical dinner, as it's quite loud and there are usually large parties of people seated throughout. It's definitely a fun atmosphere- the elevator ride to the second and third floors is cool (ask to go all the way up and see the wine rooms and they'll definitely show you). 
Bonus for the waiters who lead the ladies to the restroom on their arms. Lovely!  Bonus for the great service, as a team of several people attend to your needs at all times.
And besides that, the food is solidly good. The onion rolls! They also have some sort of stuffed chicken wings that I think about fondly from time to time when I am doing nothing at all related to chicken wings or food.I went here for an early lunch last Sunday while down in New Orleans for a bachelor party. Me and my buddy sat at the small bar so we could watch the Saints game on the only TV in the place. We were dressed in plain old shorts and T-shirts and my friend had sandals on. They didn't care and said we were dressed perfectly fine. It was nice and cool inside too.
I had a twist on a Tom Collins which they call a Saint Collins, it was damn good too. The bartender was very friendly and shared a good bit of detail about the area to us.
For an appetizer we shared the wood oven roasted pocket bread which reminded me of naan, very good and you could taste every ingredient to it. I had a cup of the gumbo of the day which happened to be cochon au lait and andouille, it was so good, especially the cochon.
My friend ordered a personal pizza for lunch, he's a picky eater and did not like the sound of the toppings for the veggie pizza but still wanted something. The chef came out the bar and told him what was available, he was very friendly. He wound up with a simple pie with just mozzarella with garlic and roma tomatoes I believe, so boring but it's what he wanted. He said it was good and since he's a pizza connoisseur that's high praise.
I had the shrimp and grits which were among the best I've ever had (nothing beats Charleston for them) my sole complaint was they were too thin and could not easily be eaten with a fork. But there were plenty of tasty fresh shrimp and great bacon.
Since we were starving we ordered creme brulee trio and I had a Costa Rican coffee latte. Every single creme brulee was very very good but the vanilla bean was the best creme brulee I've ever had. The coffee was good too.My co-worker & friend and I were down in NOLA for a conference in September and we made reservations WEEKS before because we HAD to have it.
I am so glad we did.  The waitstaff was awesome, the wine was fantastic & the food was amazing.  The atmosphere was so fun & the architecture, simply breathtaking.
I wasn't disappointed and even the price was fair.
Highly recommend!
Dinner w/Drinks: Chicken Sandwich, Shrimp, New Orleans Favorites, Creme Brulee' with house red & white wines.Great dinner with my wife and business partner.  Wonderful New Orleans flair, great service and wine ... can't really beat that.I struggled between two and three stars, so let me break it down simply.
Pros:
- our waitstaff was attentive and friendly
- dinner was good, dessert was better
Cons:
- wasn't the experience we expected. For the price we were paying, loud, completely drunk, middle aged men in cargo shorts screaming at the next table was disappointing, to say the least. The atmosphere was more loud and casual than I expected.
- seating. We made our reservation a couple of months in advance, and yet we were seated at a cramped table halfway in the walkway, right by the elevator. Wasn't very pleasant.
- when I hadn't eaten for a few minutes, but with three quarters of my meal left, a member of the staff came over and took our plates away. We had to stop him and clarify that we wanted takeout containers.
I just feel that for the money, the experience was a disappointment. I won't be back.Impeccable service, nice atmosphere, and my entree was outstanding - southern fried chicken and sweet potatoes.   Ordered a Sazerac which is apparently the oldest known American cocktail - sort of a cognac or mixed whiskey drink - interesting flavor and quite good.  Expensive place to dine, but worth every penny.Really loved this restaurant.  The food was great and the bread just keeps on coming to soak up the sauces.  The service staff was very friendly and attentive.  Would highly recommend.  First time at an Emeril restaurant and was not disapointed!My husband wanted to take me here for dinner while we were visiting New Orleans.
The service was very good.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  
The food was just okay.  We had the crab cake appetizer and it was tasty.  I had the Smoked and my husband had the recommended Pecan-Encrusted Trout.  The first few bites of my duck was good, but the remainder was dry and overcooked, My husband's trout was overtaken by the pecan crust.  The manager came by to ask how everything was, and I advised that the duck was dry.  He just scurried away and never responded or offered an explanation, apology or anything. 
Our waiter recommended a nice bottle of Cabernet from the Frank Family vineyards in Napa.  Loved it and worth every penny.
Would not return here on our next visit.  Too many other places with better food and more attentive managers.We went here on two recommendations and we were very disappointed. The place is nice, well designed and attractive. The service was ok, not near what I expected from a relatively high-end restaurant. My app (oyster boudin toast) was boring. I ordered the crispy pork shoulder, which again was just ok. The popover it came with was terrific but the flavors in the pork were lacking. Overall, not a great experienceI regret that I passed up a free show at the Louisiana Music Factory for this overpriced and overrated restaurant.  The service was perfect and friendly.  The restaurant itself was cozy, inviting.  It was the food......The stuffed chicken wings were tasty but stood out more because they are so unique than for their flavor.  I didn't mind so much that I paid $10 for them as they were filling and require a little more effort to prepare.  It was the shrimp and grits dish that left me feeling ripped off.  I paid $19.00 for a lunch serving of THREE previously frozen medium sized shrimp (they were NOT fresh at all) on about a half cup of gummy super market grits (really Emeril???  You think those were grits?).  The bbq sauce (with a int of Asian flavor) was tasty but didn't make up for the paltry grits and overcooked frozen shrimp.  At that point I knew better than to say yes to the dessert.  My neighbors at the next take shared the profiterole and barely touched it saying it was sickening sweet.   I see no reason to visit any other Emeril restaurants at this point.  As far as I am concerned he can back to where he came from, Fall River, MA and go suck an egg.Excellent food, Service, and Atmosphere targeted to the tourist market.
I had Shrimp and Grits with mussels as an appetizer.  The preparations were much heavier than what most other restaurants in town do.  The mussels had a heavy sauce with roated beef tips.  The Shrimp and Grits had a heavy sauce, and the largest pieces of tasso I've ever had before.  I make
rhese menu chouces out of a desire to eat lite, and my efforts were thwarted.
The service was attentive, knowledgeable without being overbearing.  I suggest that the service staff ask if their patrons have later events so they can help time awareness.  NOLA is convenient to several music and theater venues, but NOLA staff is
unaware that their patrons may be elsewhere fast and cut a pleasant dining experience short.
The convivial atmosphere includes a beautifull restored French Quarter three story building with street views.  Given the large crowd, NOLA was quiet enough for conversation.Great atmosphere,excellent food and service. I had the gumbo then shrimp and grits for lunch. The creme brulee and it was amazing : ) Definitely check it outThis was my last stop for my New Orleans trip. Kinda of regretted that I wasn't hungry enough to order more. Service was great, everyone we talked to was nice.
My buttermilk fried chicken was terrific. Crab cake was the best I ever had. Definitely will go back if ever I visit again.Spicy BBQ shrimp, great location for action packed music n NOLA sounds. I'M FULL!! Everyone's plate had more than enough.Once again, noise and lack of care take over a New Orleans restaurant.
The first thing we noticed was the huge amount of diners; there's not much a kitchen can do to ensure quality when it's hosting more people than can comfortably fit into a building. It resembled an upscale college cafeteria, complete with people who wandered in apparently from fixing their brakes.
Our table on the second floor gave us a great view of the entrance and of the massive accumulation of dust and...stuff on the railing running next to us; I wrote my partner's name in the dust, thus affording us the only romantic part of the meal.
A table of what the cast of 'Jersey Shore' would be like in 20 years was the source of a great deal of noise; the frat party was fueled by drinks, of course. I expected to hear chants of "Toga! Toga!" at any minute.
I gave up scraping some foreign matter off my knife and asked for a new one, which was much cleaner.
The food was cooked with all the care one would expect of an assembly line and all the culinary expertise of Denny's trainees. The crabcake was bready and utterly flavorless, although the maque choux it sat on was quite good, a bit hot and full of depth.
The shrimp and grits paired horribly overcooked shrimp with decent grits, and the sauce that clung to the shrimp was cloyingly sweet, not reminiscent of New Orleans, the Gulf Coast, or anywhere else.
Having gone this far, we rolled the dice and got dessert, cinnamon bread pudding with Mexican chocolate ice cream and crème fraîche. Hmmm. The dish sat so long before being served that the ice cream was melting. And do not serve me sour cream and call it crème fraîche. We had a bite and left it.
The bill had a surprise: a glass of riesling we did not order. It was fixed promptly.
Our waiter was good, although his job was not made easier by having to inform us that the special was already unavailable at 7:15. We found this out after we ordered it.
Although I specifically noted when I made the reservation that it was my partner's birthday, no one remembered this. That's a first in New Orleans.
Amusing incident: The manager approached us and asked how everything was at one point. I replied, "Uh...okay." He smiled, said, "Great," and moved on. Bad, that.
Anyway, I emailed the restaurant and am awaiting a gift certificate as compensation. I wonder if I can use it at Camellia Grill.
Too many guests, too much of a churn-it-out attitude, and too much dust. Not a happy meal at all.NOLA was my first food stop with the fiancee for our first visit to New Orleans and we enjoyed the experience!  We came here for lunch without a reservation on a Sunday and we were seated within 5 minutes.  Everyone who served us was attentive and polite, and they were attentive with serving our dishes simultaneously, folding our napkins when we went to the bathroom, and checking in with us to see how our meal was.  The ambience is modern american with red brick and metal air ducts.   The bread was delicious and served in separate plates to each person, with each plate having a small round butter roll and a pepper (? jalapeno) cornbread mini muffin, both of which tasted great with butter (of course).  We ordered the duck, parmesan, arugula, truffle oil pizza and the pork cheek po'boy with fries, both of which were delicious.  The pizza was flavorful but felt light at the same time, and the po'boy was full of well-seasoned juicy pork cheek along with pickled peppers and onions that added a nice contrast to the savory pork.  The baguette used on the sandwich was fresh and delicious.  The fries were seasoned well with parmesan and cilantro, though I wish the fries were a bit crispier as they came out a bit on the softer side likely from being infused with truffle oil.  Overall, the food and service were a great welcome to our New Orleans vacation!Ate here on a Monday night with my husband and some of his business associates.  This was our third time here, and this was the standout meal of our short trip.  I had the gumbo and the shrimp and grits, and both were excellent.  Service was good if a bit slow.Unimpressed with lunch menu.  Underwhelmed with pork cheek po boy.  Below average bloody mary.  With all the hype, admittedly disappointed.If you think Olive Garden is awesome this is the place for you. The food was bland and tasteless. We were a group of ten and not one of us enjoyed our meal. 
The service was slow and confused. The food runners hovered behind our table for 5 min before serving us. And the fire alarm went off. 
The only thing good was the warm gooey cake and the creme brûlée.
There are sooo many better restaurants in New Orleans there's no point in wasting time here.This was our favorite restaurant in New Orleans. We quickly tired of Cajun cuisine and stumbled upon this place. The service is unlike any other we've ever experienced. The waiters are very attentive, even walking me to the bathroom. We were never rushed and the waiter knew all the ingredients of each meal.  The food was delicious and desserts really good.  They also have some great wine. Don't miss this gem!!I made reservations for opening time for dinner as I don't like to wait. Terrence and Travis were our waiters and they were exceptional.  Try the Cosmo; 2 went down like water. Fried chicken was great. Duck was great. Mushroom pizza made vegetarian is a good option for those with dietary restrictions. The monkey ice cream option for dessertCame to Nola for Lunch.  Hubby came to Nola 20 years ago and rave about the food.  We tried to avoid the crowd and came right when they opened for lunch at 11:30am and  got seated right away. Service was great, never had to ask for refills on our ice tea or water.  I ordered the duck, confit with fried egg pizza and my husband ordered the shrimp and grit.  Verdict??  It was okay, definitely not the best meals we have had in new Orleans. Having so many choices here within 1 square mile, I think I will be satisfied with saying "I've been to NOLA." 
By the way,  by the time we left around 12:45pm, the restaurant is only 1/2 full, so come here for lunch if dinner is impossible.  Very similar menu for less $$ :)Let me just get to the point:
 I thought my celeriac lobster salad was not done right. Too much mayo and the celeriac didn't have the right texture.
The shrimp and grits were only ok. I kept thinking that it was a little pre-fab. A little Applebees. They slap that stuff together and throw it down the line. I had a bad feeling after the waiter said he loved the stuff. HEAVY. 
The dessert was disastrous. Crème fraîche, cinnamon ice cream, and bread pudding. It had sat out and ice cream was melting, the crème fraîche tasted like sour cream, the bread pud. was a muffin of, once again, impersonal, almost Applebee-like, carbs.
My dining partner liked his maque-choux and crab cake. Let me rephrase, he liked his maque-choux, and ate his crab cake. He complained of breading being the major ingredient in said cake. The maque-choux had some nice heat and flavor.
We both ordered the shrimp and grits. My partner brought up Applebees, and I sadly conceded.  Partner was especially disappointed because the evening's special, Amberjack, was no longer available. He was informed of this approximately five minutes after having placed the order.
Another problem was the service. It took 15 to 20 minutes to bring out the different courses that were clearly not cooked to order. We really never saw our waiter after the initial screw-up with the Amberjack. NOLA is impersonal. It feels like an upscale cafeteria with servers. There were under-dressed and overly-loud tourists and  perhaps locals yucking it up à la Animal House. 
The dishes, flatware, and the architectural detail (a fence?) were not exactly clean. I'm not a stickler for hygiene, but when I am paying $150.00 for two people, I want impeccable service and no gunk on my knife. 
It was my birthday, and yes, I wanted the damn candle, which I didn't get. Can I mention that Stella sent me home with artisanal chocolates for my birthday last year?  No acknowledgement of my birthday. Nada.
And finally, the straw that broke the camel's back:  confusion on drinks and a Reisling listed on our bill that neither my partner nor I ordered. Very irritating.  Not to mention that the Proseco runs $15 a pop. But the mistake on the bill was so irritating that we complained to Emeril's HQ. We got a form letter and invitation to call a customer service (I'll make it better) manager. 
I asked for reimbursement. They don't do that. I've been told that I should receive a gift certificate for another Emerial restaurant. I was also informed that NOLA is not the quietest of restaurants. So, perhaps we didn't pick the right place for us, as we do prefer a subdued ambiance. I am glad that they offered something to make up for a less than satisfactory experience. 
Then again, we did plunk down more than $150.00.Lunched here on February 9th. It's been 2 years since we were last here and the luster has worn off some. Enjoyed more shrimp & grits; can't seem to get enough. Über sweet smokey BBQ sauce overpowers but still a good dish (would've been 4 stars if it weren't so freakin sweet). Server was great, helpful, funny & quite the salesman because he did a bang up job of selling the s'more chocolate cake which was fine but not all that.Great service and great food!  Had a reservation for two, but showed up with four, and were immediately accommodated. Helpful and friendly staff. We all shared the boudin balls, stuffed wings, pork belly, BBQ shrimp, duck, drum fish, and shrimp and grits. All the food was spot on, but the coconut Creme brûlée was off the hook!Must get the stuffed chicken wings! Then the shrimp and grits! Skip dessert. Service was outstanding.Had to call for reservations and I asked about the dress code and they said it wasn't quite dressy, but you know, don't look like a slob. They were fast when we got there. Atmosphere was fine, busy but not crazy. Noise was average. Comfortable inside. 
Service was fine. Not amazing not bad.
Food was really great. Yes, expensive. But really tasty. Again, we got 4 things to split. 
Duck special - really fantastic though it was topped with duck liver, which D does not like so much. It's a mild liver but still liver. Still the overall duck dish was really fantastic. 
Beet salad - very good, nice combination of tastes. We had gotten 1 other salad in NOLA before this which was dreadful. This was not dreadful, it was good. 
Chicken wings - stuffed with things, really tasty things. This was incredibly good!
Crab cake - D did not love them in Baltimore so was hesitant but agreed to try. We both liked this. Sauce was spicy and tasty. Very good. 
Dessert was some pear special which was decent. We also tried the banana something-or-other which was also decent. 
We did try the oysters that our friend had, which were sort of like buffalo-style and were good.
Was tempted to get the gumbo or grits, but it's hard to come to this place and order that kind of food. Was hoping they had jambalaya on the menu but no luck.
Overall a fantastic meal. Yes it's expensive but the food is worth it. The bottle of wine raises the price but in the end, it was a nice experience and the food was really fantastic. Worth the trip.Impressive and smoothly run for a "star chef" brand restaurant.   Kudos to the staff from the front door to the floor to the kitchen.   I wish the food matched the employees!   Began with the roasted beet salad...best thing about my meal.   Clever use of ingredients, well-balanced, I thought it was going to be overkill, but it worked.  Dressing was perfect, the Tabasco pecans a nice surprise, and the homemade cheese not overwhelming.   
Then came the entree.   Wood oven roasted drum with a garlic/breadcrumb topping, over string beans, potatoes, cremini mushrooms, bacon, with a red wine beurre blanc.   Typical of what places do to make fish for people who think they don't like fish.  Basically smother it with other flavors.   At first I was intrigued, then halfway thru I scraped all the topping off and could find some really nice fish.  Everything was too overwhelming, and it left me with an odd taste in my mouth for the rest of the evening.   I guess I like my seafood more pure...just a great filet of fish and don't gussy it up with all sort of toppings and sauces.   And cook it perfectly.
Partner had the duck, thought it wonderful but way too much food on the plate.
Dessert was terrific, however:  strawberry clafoutis, excellently done, just the right amount of sweetness, egginess, and puffiness, even when cold.
The list of wines by the glass was decent, and it was nice to find a great uber dry Languedoc rose (the only one) on the list.   Come on, rest of the country....discover already what we on the west coast know about...a great rose.
In short, I'm glad we came, but for the price (expensive) not quite executed with the same flair and detail as I've had at other equivalent establishments around the country.   And this is trivial, but $5.50 for a sourced bean espresso or coffee?Amazing meal. The garlic crusted drum was honestly the best fish that I've ever had in my life. I fulfilled a childhood dream to finally eat at one of Emeril's restaurants. It so lived up to my expectations!Everything we ate was delicious here. We started with the stuffed chicken wings then had the crab cakes and the shrimp n grits, simply delish! I also have some food allergies and the waiter was very thorough in helping with that, great find!Disappointing. Great area..dated decor. Average service. Inconsistent food. Way overpriced. Had the bbq shrimp app which was good. Tiny shrimp about 4. Then stuffed wings. Those were really good. Got the fried chicken and cut it open to find it was completely RAW. Unbelievable for a restaurant with these prices. 6 cooks in the kitchen sitting around and chatting. They really dropped the ball. Sent it back and got a new one. Got the check because we were creeped out at that point. Also, we started worrying about food poisoning. We asked for the check and they charged us for the CHICKEN!!!!! Do not go here. There is so many better choices.This dining experience was as charming as it was satisfying..From the elevator ride to our table, to the knowledgeable and attentive staff. Michelle was our lead server, she had the right answers with the appropriate amount of confidence and compassion! The shrimp and grits with hints of bacon and meaty mushrooms was amazing, fried oysters were tasty with the right amount of batter...We arrived at first seating and enjoyed a little bit of low level noise however the restaurant does get busy and acoustics are not the best for the faint of hearing...this often happens in historic buildings.  Reservations highly recommended.A bit too pricey for the quality and the crowds but the desserts are extra-fab.Just fantastic! Magnificently authentic vibe. Second time better than first. 
Duck pizza with fried egg, great!
Pork chop, huge!Great atmosphere, amazing food and very quick service!  Our friends recommended we visit this restaurant on our trip to New Orleans and it was by far the best meal we had all week.
I love the open kitchen concept and their wine list was a book!  We asked the waiter what his favorite dishes were and pretty much ordered everything he recommended.  The Stuffed Chicken Wings and Duck Pizza were great for apps.  I had a the Blue Fin Tuna with a Celery puree and was pretty much licking the plate it was so good.
This will definitely be a stop on our next trip there.Incredible place, incredible meal!  It's restaurant week, apparently, and they had a special which included three items, allowing some choices. I started with the avocado crab soup (a cold soup), moved on to the shrimp and grits (mouth watering perfection, seriously) and ended with the banana cake and a latte. 
My friends meals should get some sort of honorable mention here. Two ordered the fried chicken and it did NOT disappoint. The others ordered the Drum fish and it was literally mouthwatering amazingness!
Life on the road can be grueling and stumbling onto a place like this (with the help of yelp) makes it worth it!  Finding out it's one of Emeril's restaurants once we read the fine print on the menu, even better!
The staff, amazing (we called our primary waiter Mr. T), operated and assisted like a well oiled machine. Seriously. Everyone had their station, knew their role and performed perfectly (so to speak)...  They even went our of their way when the coffee diva requested raw sugar and bent over backward to make our dining experience unforgettable.
Oh, and we can't forget the most important, getting us in the door, moment. We arrived without a reservation and instead of turning is away or making us feel "less than", the maître d (warmly) asked us if we would mind waiting 10 minutes,  rearranging in order to accommodate our party of 5.  We gladly sidled on over to the bar and ordered a cold beverage while we waited and, when ready, our hostess gathered us up and showed us to our table.So remember in Fight Club where Pitt asks Norton which celebrity they would fight? I have always said I would either fight Emeril or Carrot Top. Seeing that Carrot Top now resembles a roided out speed freak, I've decided to only say I would fight Emeril.
I was skeptical of going to dinner at a place where the owner seemed to end each sentence with "Bam"!!! But after dining at Nola, I have to say his restaurant does prepare very good food. We came as a group of 10 guys for a BroTrip and the consensus was very positive. They sat us at a large round and the restaurant had a modern decor. The service was excellent and the meal well paced. I was a little surprised that at 11:00 PM we were the only ones left in the restaurant though. 
You must get the shrimp stuffed chicken wings. I don't know how they did it but it was boneless and it was awesome. Order two of these. That is all.
The BBQ shrimp while tasty, were a little on the small side. Think 30 count shrimp small (roughly 30 in a pound) and the biscuit that came with the dish was smaller than a ritz cracker. 
The duck and mushroom boudin were also very good.
I decided to play it safe with a very satisfying rib eye but it had a tangy chimichurri that mixed well with the richness from the nice sized rib eye. I also tried some the duck and the pork shank. The duck was done right and if you don't have regular access to good duck ( e.g. chinatown nyc) I would suggest it here. The whiskey caramel glaze and the candied pecans worked really well the saltiness of the duck. The pork shank was tender and had tasty sides.
So after having this nice meal I've decided that I would still choose to battle Emeril but it would not be out of annoyance/dislike, it would be more for the challenge (he's not a small dude). And because his restaurant chose to serve me a mint julep in a tall collins instead of a proper metal cup with crushed ice.Service has been excellent along with a great cheese tray. The drum fish was unbelievable!!!! Do not leave here and not order this. Overall there are a lot of choices in New Orleans but this restaurant from great service to excellent food is worth going to. Convenient to Bourbon street as well!Located in the heart of French Quarter this is considered a must go to.  Emeril Lagasse opened this place and it's always packed.  We had 9:15 reservations on a Friday night and when we arrived the place was packed.  The place has a great New Orleans ambiance with brick walls and an open kitchen. You are served by a team with the dramatic all plates at same time dinner presentation. It was fun.  I had the seafood corn bisque which was nice and chunky with local seafood. Tasted great with my cocktail - pomegranate martini.  Dinner was the garlic crusted drum.  Also fantastic.  The potato bits, bacon, bean side was to die for. My wife had the shrimp and grits which she loved. The rest of our group all liked their food too.  We finished with dessert, a bread pudding that was not what I expected.  Everyone has their version and this one was less bread and more stuff. Very tasty.  My son has the banana cake which I really liked. Overall the dinner was over the top special.  Great way to start a weekend in NOLA!Hit this place when we arrived in New Orleans for lunch.  Food was rock solid and the cocktails were very good.  This really falls between a 3 and 4 star rating for me.
Did the pork cheek boudin balls... recommend them
Shrimp and grits... these were good but I wasn't blown away which is was what I was expecting from Emeril's place
Braised Pork cheek Po Boy... should have gone with the Vietnamese one as again this was good but didn't blow me away.
Also the fried chicken breast looked incredible and I felt sudden food envy as it went by.
Cocktails were solid, wife had an aviation which was a fine example of an aviation... maybe a touch too much creme de violet
I had the Pretty Ricky which was very good.  Recommended
Overall I enjoyed myself but I had very high expectations.  Dinner may perform better than lunch so I would not dismiss this place and would try it again.The service here was impeccable!
The stuffed chicken wings, recommended by our awesome server, was definitely the highlight of the meal. We ordered the steak for the entree and it was fair, nothing spectacular. 
For dessert, we had the banana cream cake, which was so moist and delicious. 
Wish we could've met Emeril on our visit!My husband and I were so disapointed.  This is our first time to New Orleans and first time to Nola.  The girl that took us to our seat was very sweet and friendly but our waiter was cold and not friendly.  It took for ever to get out dinner, have our drinks refilled and to get our check.  It would have been nice for him to check in to let us know what was going on- but didn't.  My steak was very good but my husbands Shrimp was not.   Just so disapointed :(Honestly very disappointed with this restaurant. This is supposedly one of the must-eat-at restaurants in New Orleans but my experience was not as expected. For starters, the wait staff is incredibly unfriendly. Second, the food is underwhelming at best. In theory, on the menu the flavor combinations are delicious but most of the dishes we received were mediocre and some were not even remotely similar to what was described or even hot. In addition, our table was shoved in the utility corner with the step latter and extra silverware. Overall, not a good experience.Terrible service ruined good food.  Went last night with my partner to celebrate his birthday, and we were excited about NOLA based on reviews on here and friends' recommendations. We planned on having the Taste of Summer prix-fixe menu but when we told our server this, he wrinkled his nose and said, "Are you sure you want to do that?"  We wouldn't have been put off if he had said something like, "Before you order, may I point out some of my favorites" Or, "Let me tell you what our specialties are tonight," but, as it was, the way he said it, we felt kind of shamed and wondered if he was trying to upsell us. And we also wondered about a server who would  disparage part of his restaurant's menu.
Thinking that maybe he really was trying to steer us to better options and just had an odd way of doing it, we asked him what he'd recommend instead.   He recommended the chicken wings, boudin balls, gumbo,  shrimp and grits, and the drum.  We decided to go with his recommendations (reluctantly, as there were several items on the prix fixe menu that appealed to both of us), substituting the fried chicken for the drum and nixing the gumbo.  A few minutes after we ordered, the server returned and verbally confirmed our order, but instead of our actual order, he repeated all his recommendations!  I corrected him, and off he went. 
When he returned a few minutes later, my partner asked him about the Summer Heat, the specialty cocktail, and again, the server wrinkled his nose and said, "That's too busy for me.  Can I get you some wine instead?"  We said no, and asked for a cocktail menu.  Several minutes later, when our appetizers arrived, we still hadn't received the cocktail menu, so we asked for one again.  Once we got one, my partner ordered a Moscow Mule (while I ordered nothing, not wanting to drive this guy's tip up).  
Several more minutes passed and our entrees appeared, but the cocktail hadn't arrived yet.  My partner asked about it, and the server said, "Oh," and from where I was sitting, I saw him  walk over to the bar and order it.  Long story short, halfway through our entrees, he brought the cocktail over, and my partner tasted it, and said it didn't taste like a Moscow Mule.  So when the server reappeared, my partner asked which cocktail it was, and the server said it was the specialty cocktail, at which point my partner reminded him that he ordered the Moscow Mule.  Again, another "Oh" and off the server went to the bar, returning a few minutes later (by now, we were done with our entrees) with the Moscow Mule.
At this point, we were done and ready to go, so we asked for the check.  When the server returned with it after running our credit card, he must have overheard us discussing how much tip to leave.  As he handed me the credit card receipt, he said, "A big tip, huh?"  I would have laughed except for the glare he was giving me.  I was concerned enough that I actually snapped a pic of the credit card receipt in case he tried to alter it (probably overly paranoid on my part, but that was the atmosphere). 
Even when we left the table, he didn't say "Thank you" or "Good night,"  or anything, just stared at us.  This was in marked contrast to another server (not even our own!) who passed us as we were walking out and said, "Have a good night, thank you for coming."  
 Normally, most of this wouldn't bother us - we're not prissy or that fussy - and we've even had worse service at lots of places and not cared at all.  But at a restaurant of this caliber, at this price point,  and with an otherwise high level of service (evinced by the reviews on here and by the very polite treatment we got from the other staff),  the repeated instances of negligence and upselling really stood out.  It made for a very uncomfortable evening, and we definitely wondered if it's because we are a same-sex couple.  But maybe not, as while we were sitting there, another table seated near us left without ordering. 
Overall, it's a shame, as the food was quite good (excellent boudin balls and fried chicken), but we didn't enjoy it due to our server.  We considered asking for a manager, and we probably should have, but we just wanted to get out of there.   
With good service, this easily would have been four or five stars (good food, nice atmosphere), but two stars only.This was our first time to this restaurant at the recommendation of a friend. The staff was very friendly & attentive. The space is open w/ great lighting & many seating options. We sat upstairs by a window at a table for 2. We ordered the fried chicken and the shrimp & grits. The fried chicken came with a side of sweet potato topped with a pecan gravy. The SP side was very good but not anything no new. The chicken was tender but the batter lacked flavor. The shrimp and grits was full of flavor but slightly unusual. The grits were slightly pasty however the gravy had a deep smoky flavor mixed with a hint of kick due to what looked like hot sauce. The shrimp Was very flavorful and perfectly cooked. It was a nice experience in the food overall was good but I don't know if it was enough to go back again.We went here our last day in New Orleans and it was my sister's birthday.  It was amazing.  Great cocktails, amazing food (shrimp & grits!), and really sincere service from the staff.  Eric is tops!  Oh yea, get the key lime bread pudding!We had very high expectations for NOLA. We had reservations for 2 around 9 pm. Service was ok but we didn't hear much from our waiter after we ordered. Service did not feel exceptional. When the food arrived it was warm but not hot, the appetizers even bordering on dry. We had the impression it sat under the heating lamp too long before it was served. I found this very disappointing since we came here specifically to avoid having a sub standard dining experience. Considering prices are set above many other places, I'm not sure I would go back based on the experience I had.We went to this restaurant on my father in laws recommendation so I was expecting to be wowed. Nola's did not disappoint! 
I ordered the crab cake and the barbecue shrimp with a side a veggies as my meal and Chris got the jambalaya. We absolutely loved everything! 
The shrimp was amazing. Aside from having to peel it yourself which I know is a souther thing but where we come from its a lazy chef thing. The sauce was delicious and the crust French bread was an excellent compliment.
Chris loved his jambalaya so much I only got one bite in before it was gone. It was wonderful. The meat was great and of course the seafood was fresh.
The vegetables in true  southern fashion were covered in butter and deliciously unhealthy. Something i imagine Paula Dean would be proud to serve at her table. The side was a little skimpy but I did enjoy my attempt at health food for the vacation. 
The service was very good. We enjoyed what I think was the best seat in the house. Right in front of the window looking out on to the street with the sun shining in on us.  If we ever find ourselves in New Orleans again we will definitely make it a point to stop back in.Nice place with great food and service. The double barrel cocktail was stroooong. I got the pork chop which was a big as my head and came with a big helping of sweet potatoes. Also helps that you can park at the Omni and the restaurant will validate it, so you dont have to drive around to find something.Too Expensive, Poor Service, hair in my soup, Awful food (served cold and took 30 minutes to come out).  Terrible, terrible, terrible.  If you think you need to go to NOLA there are SO many better choices.  In a word, YUCKMeh, It was ok. We went here for dinner on our wedding anniversary trip to New Orleans. Though we made them aware it was our anniversary when making our reservations, it was overlooked.
As for the food....
We ordered the Shrimp Bisque which was fantastic, the fried chicken was sub-par, the pork chop was tasty and the banana pudding cake was good. The cheddar jalapeno rolls were bland. I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately it really wasn't as wonderful as anticipated. I would have much rather eaten at K-Paul's twice. 
Sorry Emeril.We normally make it a point to stop here on our visits to New Orleans. Tonight was a miss. We had reservations and were seated at a table on the third floor. I don't know if this floor is seldom used but the service was not as good as we've had in the past. It took quite a while to get our first cocktails. Once we placed our order, the food took FOREVER to arrive. We finished our crabcake (which was delicious) but then waited so long for our entree that I worried I would lose my appetite by the time it came. Our main course, the fried chicken and swordfish finally arrived and again, it was delicious but it shouldn't have taken so long. We then ordered dessert with coffee. Our banana cake arrived before our coffee. Things were just a bit off this night. Our team of wait staff didn't seem to be working together. So it was somewhat disappointing but the saving grace was that the food was delicious. I think next time we visit we will head over to K-Pauls. We've never had a bad experience there.Best NOLA cuisine, hands down. My girlfriends and I ordered a different dish and they were all delicious. The ambiance, the service was all geeat.Wow! I cannot say enough about our dinner here. We loved everything from start to finish including the amazing service. It was obvious they have a system in place and they work like a well oiled machine-they are also incredibly friendly and accommodating. I noticed that everytime you get up from your seat, someone promptly comes over and folds your napkin properly so it is waiting for you when you return. I also love that they time the food just perfectly so you get one thing at a time and your food is always hot. We started with the smoked blue crab cheesecake boulettes were amazing! Must try. Also the 'stuffed' artichoke pasta was amazinggg! The pasta is actually stuffed inside the artichoke, and every layer of the artichoke had the perfect amount of flavor-I did not want that meal to end! The presentation was almost as good as the taste. I also ordered the drunken monkey ice cream cake which was delicious. Loved every part of this meal from beginning to end. It was our best dinner during our visit in New Orleans. Must try for sure.Wonderful dinner.  Casual, and elegant, atmosphere.  Very interesting menu.  I esp. enjoyed the MISO COBIA BUNDLES and the OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER PIZZA.  Yum!! Our servers were Peyton and Lisa and the service was superb.  Thank you, Emeril.  BAM!Soooooo amazing. The flavor, the seasoning, the staff.... everything was ABOVE STANDARD. FOOD was so delicious. Ambience was amazing. Staff was above average. Would definitely recommend this place!!!!!I first heard about NOLA through an associate who frequently visits the area. After speaking with her I decided it would be an ideal place for our 2 year anniversary dinner on our last night of visiting New Orleans.  I made reservations ahead of time to prevent any extended wait times since I heard that the restaurant was quite popular. I also made sure to note that it was our anniversary. When we arrived we were immediately greeted and seated right away. One of the service desk members even wished us a happy anniversary, which took me by surprise because they actually paid attention to my reservation note unlike other places we have visited in the past. The warm welcome was just the beginning. 
     The service was outstanding!!! We were even given a complementary sample as we waited for our meal courtesy of the chef, which was an added bonus.  Our main waiter was Terrance but everyone else who briefly assisted us also did an amazing job. Words cannot even begin to describe how great of a service Terrance provided. Terrance was very knowledgeable and offered his personal recommendations and tips to enhance our dinning experience. His recommendations were spot on and made our visit even more satisfying. Although we weren't Terrence's only patrons of the evening, he made us feel welcome and treated us like we were the only table there.
     The food was absolutely amazing! In addition to the sample pork dish, we had the Emeril's BBQ Gulf Shrimp appetizer, shrimp and girts, and the buttermilk fried chicken. The various, seasonings, sauces, and flavors combined were delightful. Each and every dish we had during our visit was remarkable and set the standard for future restaurant ventures. The cocktails were also a great addition to our experience and tasted exactly as our waiter described. We ended the night with the banana toffee bread budding. Our dessert was even delivered with a lit candle to help commemorate our occasion. Overall, our experience was one to remember. All the staff combined helped make our very first visit a special one and we will be sure to return again.Not unexpected, considering who owns the place, but this was a fantastic meal in a great environment.  We ate at the bar, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier and more helpful.  The crawfish-stuffed pork loin special was out of this world.  There are lots of places to choose from in New Orleans, but this is a must.I LOVE this place!! The biscuits are great and the oysters are even better (and I don't even like oysters)! Every dish I've had here has been awesome. It's a very popular restaurant so I would suggest reservations, especially during restaurant week.Final stop in N.O. before we headed back and I have to say it was delicious.
When we arrived we were immediately greeted by the manager and he was so friendly and funny. We were taken to our table on the second floor. The place is very clean and nice. 
We ordered Miss Hay's stuffed Chicken Wings. I have to say this was amazing. It was my favorite. 
I decided to order the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast this came with sweet potatoes and gravy. The peas were delicious and I rarely like peas. My meal was good but when I tried the BBQ shrimp and grit... OMG that was even better. 
For Dessert we had the Crème Brûlée Trio. My favorite was the Coconut one but the others were tasty as well. Vanilla Bean with Fresh Berries & Mocha with Chocolate-Almond Biscotti. We also added a cappuccino. I had the Costa Rican one and it was good. 
Service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and helped us choose our entrées. This place is definitely worth to check out.Went to New Orleans for a vacation last week. We wanted to go to Nola for a long time, so we went mid week. My wife and I got there as soon as it opened. Were seated right away, so no wait. We loved the food! Cant say anything bad except it didnt last long enough. We eat too fast. Will go back for sure when we go back to New Orleans!!We came here with high expectations and unfortunately, the experience was mediocre at best. The food was barely a 3, ambiance/service a 4 and sanitation/safe food handling a 1. We sat at the bar and noticed mutiple line chefs consistently using their personal cell phones and go back to final food prep/handling which caused us to opt out for dessert. This is a major health violation and was being done blatantly in full view of staff. I also saw a fruit fly land in the pizza toppings station.....
We ordered a total of 5 dishes including bbq shrimp, stuffed chicken wing, corn bread with collared greens, fried chicken, and crab cake. The shrimp they used were not fresh or had died prior to being frozen as they had the mushy texture. The crab cake was very salty and I typically eat asian so I'm not adverse to sodium. Sadly, the best dish was the corn bread.We made reservations for 6pm on Sunday and were surprised that the place was packed with people.  Appears they didn't seat anyone yet and were not ready for dinner service so everyone was just standing around.  
After being seated, in around 10min or so, we ordered 2 appetizers: Arugula salad with pistachio and brie cheese and Gumbo Soup of the day.  They were both fantastically prepared.  We were also provided some bread.  I was surprised regarding the corn bread it wasn't anything special and usually in these restaurants they have very good bread.  Other than that...
For the entrees I ordered the seasonal fish dish but was told by the waiter that the grilled drum was better with potatoes and string beans so I ordered that.  My date ordered the shrimp and grits.  Both were just fabulous and melted in my mouth.  
This is when the service went downhill because they got busy.  I think they still need some work regarding their service.  Is it because of the younger servers?  I do not know since this was my first time there.  We sat there for quite a while after our meal and then they offer us the desert menu.  We then continued to sit for a long time and finally they take our order.  Then we wait around 15-20min before they bring us our desert.  I honestly was fed up and wanted to leave without the desert.  No apologies either that there was a long wait.  So that is why I'm giving it 4 stars.  The food isn't the problem it's the service.  We spent $122 at this place in total with 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 desert and 1 cup of wine.Food, was good but they totally scammed us on the bill, we left cash and a card and then they came and some of the cash we had left was missing. Was only like $20 bucks so probably not worth a lot of arguing but would return and recommend that others avoid.For our first meal in New Orleans, this was a great choice. The building is beautiful inside, with preserved brick walls, white linen tablecloths and warm lighting. It is an upscale restaurant that still manages to keep the rich local flavors of New Orleans authentic to the core. It's nice, not stuffy.
I ordered the specialty vodka martini cocktail and it was refreshing and light with the right amount of sweetness. We shared the BBQ Shrimp appetizer which was also tasty. For an entree I ordered the Shrimp & Grits, which was SO delicious! The cheddar grits were cheesy, comforting and everything that awesome grits should be. The shrimp were plump and tender and paired with smoky, thick-cut bacon bits and an amazing sauce drizzle in the middle. Whatever it was, was just perfect. 
I also want to acknowledge the great service we had from two young men who gave us a proper welcome to the South. When I asked where the restrooms were, he escorted me by the arm - what a gentleman! 
Since my sister was the bachelorette (I mentioned this in the reservation), they comp'd a layered banana pudding cake for her and put a candle in it and we all took a bite. It was surprisingly light and fluffy with a yummy fudge sauce and whipped cream. I would definitely recommend NOLA for a special evening in New Orleans!Everyone in the restaurant was attentive and definitely provided 5 star service. The stuffed chicken wings were flavorful and a great Asian dish....which was pleasantly surprising at this restaurant. Shrimp and grits were tasty and the fried chicken with mac & cheese were also good. The fried chicken was crispy and not overly salty. The bbq shrimp was also good but I need a lot more shrimp to be more satisfied for the price. This is another restaurant I will definitely return to.Wow! This was my first experience at one of Emeril's restaurants. The complementary jalapeño bread was a little dry but the bleu cheese bread was awesome. 
For appetizers, we had the veggie pizza and the NOLA salad. Both had great flavor. For entrees, we went with the cedar plank drum and the smoked rabbit and andouille étouffée. I highly recommend both. One minor criticism on the rabbit: it had kind of a peppery finish and it was served with a black pepper biscuit. I would have preferred more of a sweeter bread to offset the peppery finish of the rabbit. 
Overall, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the prices were reasonable. Dinner for two with a bottle of wine came to $130.
This is probably the most casual of Emeril's 3 restaurants in New Orleans so I would go here if you're looking for a relaxed environment and not looking to spend a ton of money.Fantastic dining experience! Michelle provided exceptional service and each of the recommendations from the artichoke to the whole fish and last the bread pudding all were really perfect! I usually stay away from celebrity chef restaurants but Emril runs a tight ship. You can see it shows because it's an open kitchen. Job well done!!!Well, the food is good and it looks very pretty. Also you feel very welcome when you get there. However, I am a big fan of meat and consider myself a bit of a connoisseur. Consequently, because it is a good restaurant, supposedly, I ordered the Filet Mignon, rare. When it came it was not only half as big as my companions, but it was also very well done. Of course I returned it, but by the time I received a replacement, my party was done eating and I ate by myself. Furthermore, I hardly received an apology, and I admit I would have expected a free dessert, or drink, or something, but it did not happen. As I said, when it was cooked right, it was good, not spectacular, but good. Still, the experience was not too pleasant, and I am sure one can find a better restaurant for less money and with more accommodating service :-/Shrimp and grits are one of their staples on the menu. Apparently their menu changes because a lot of the pictures shared on yelp were not on the menu - except for the shrimp and grits. My friend ordered it and it was just "alright". I ordered the artichoke stuffed with pasta and tomato sauce. Sadly, I had to bust out the salt and pepper shakers - very bland. Maybe we ordered the wrong things on the menu, but being Emerill's restaurant, I may have came in with high exOne of my top 5 culinary experiences.  I thought the ambiance was very cool and the look of the restaurant was different in a good way.  
As for the food, the best Emeril restaurant I ever went too.  Started off with stuffed chicken wings; I have no idea what they were stuffed with but it was very tastey.  For entrees we had shrimp & grits and the duck.  If I was on that Food Network show called the Best Thing I Ever Ate, I would talk about the duck; simply amazing.Always good and consistent.  Very much an Emeril's restaurant. Had a quick lunch at the bar and glad I stopped. They always have an interesting selection of wines by the glass which went great with a deep rich gumbo and a crab imperial with flat bread.I'm not a food snob by any means, but I have had some great filets and experiences to provide a pseudo-coinneuseur's point of view. I share the opinion with most of the others as I'm not too big of a fan of CelebriChefs (although Iron Chef Morimoto could probably put a peanut on top off a grain of rice and i'd pay $50 for it), so if not for the great reviews you yelpsters put out on the place, I wouldn't have taken my mom here for her birthday while visiting Nawlins. First off, they kept the reservation I made from open table and my request for a table on the second floor. The second floor is less hectic and who wants loud cocktail chatter ringing in your ears while you're trying to enjoy BAM! KICKED IT UP A NOTCH type food.
       Secondly, the waiters were surprisingly superb! The Big Easy is NO's nickname for a reason. At most of the places we visited, there were no quick refills. Hell, you're lucky if you even get one! Ahh the French influence is still felt here =). Anyways, our server was the greatest guy and was built like a New Orleans Saint. The coolest thing was they kept your waters filled to the brim and when you went to bathroom and took off your napkin, you'd get back, BAM! There's the same napkin, all origami'd up  on the table! They KICKED IT UP A NOTCH!
            Thirdly and most importantly, the food. My mom ordered the special crab salad, crabcakes, and the seafood gumbo. I ordered the filet w/ mashed potatoes and portabello mushrooms..more like mushroom. Again, the yelpsters hit it on the money with the review. A lot of ooohs..and aaah.. and "you have to try this..". The filet was BAM! tenderjuicylicious much due to the worcester sauce that would of made worcester him/herself proud. My mom's meal was excellent as well. We ordered the sorbet (I'm allergic to dairy so no partaking in the other delicious desserts) and the tarazzo espresso. The combination was insanity and BAM-like. They also topped it off with a free happy birthday scoop of vanilla ice cream with a chocolate syrup that could and should bankrupt Hershey's monopolistic a$$. 
All in all, it was well worth the money and I give it a metrosexual 4 snaps in a z-formation. More importantly, I have a newfound respect for Emeril. He could have put a peanut on top of a grain of rice and people would still pay $50 for it. But I'm glad he didn't. I wouldn't want to call him a Morimoto ripoff (that's Bobby Flay...ooh...Who Dat?).  I only wish the rest of my New Orleans experience was as hospitable and tenderjuicylicious as NOLA!Had a reservation during Jazzfest. Walked in at 8PM and was seated immediately. Prompt service for a cocktail as the place was not yet full. Received a wine list but apparently didn't choose quick enough. Waitress took the wine list back and gave it to the next table! When asking for it back she disappeared and never brought it. Finally asked a different waitress who provided the new list and then took our wine order. As for the food, the Duck entree is amazing! I seem to order it every time I visit NOLA. It never disappoints. The wine list incident is what kept this review from being 5 star. We will return.