I had the corned beef hash I liked the fact that it was made with real corned beef but it wasn't quite right it was more like chunks of corned beef thrown into chopped up red potatoes with a few onions and green peppers it was tasty just not cohesive the grits were good not to thick and creamy.  My bf enjoyed his hashbrowns really they were the same potatoes he also had sausage and eggsSuperb little hole-in-the-wall spot for breakfast or lunch. It was our best breakfast find during a one-week stay, and I'm missing their homemade corned beef hash already. We also couldn't resist ordering those cheapie "slider" hamburgers that just hit the spot. Our waitress/server Katherine (or Catherine?) with a Brit accent was really personable and fun. She was helpful advising us with our Groupon coupon. We will be back.I have been eating breakfast in the Quarter recently due to having to get to work earlier then usual with the heat in the afternoon. Generally I pop in a chain for something fast. Today I stopped in  NOSH as I walk past it after I got my coffee and biscuit and remembered I wanted to try it. I got just a few pancakes and sausage. The cook there does a great job. The pancakes are very light and sausage links cooked properly, not burned or dry. It cost more then my usual quick bite but was pleasant  to sit look out the big front window and have fast efficient service. I'll stop in for lunch one day too but with Deanie's across the street I may have to really want to pass up my usual shrimp po-boy there..This place is not worth going to. So many great places to eat in New Orleans go elsewhere. The place is a dump and food was not good. Not even worth it with a groupon they always offer. One word sums this place up. YUCK!My friends and I walked by this place about a million times as it was near our hotel.  One morning we just wanted a non-hotel, real breakfast and decided to drop in.  One of my friends had the biscuits and gravy and it was so good!  I had the corned beef hash and eggs. YUM!  The waiter was very funny and nice and helped us plan out our trip to the New Orleans Saints game that evening.   If you want a good, home cooked breakfast at very reasonable prices, this is a great place!The food is ok. The price is cheap. But in my case, it took them half hour to cook my plate of corn beef harsh. And i was the third person in the restaurant.This place is terrible. It needs a makeover from 'restaurant impossible'... That show on food network. Service was terrible and the food was terrible. We had a Groupon voucher for 4 and it was just 2 of us so they would not honor it, they just gave us a discount for what we paid on the Groupon itself. Anyway, don't know how much longer they will be able to stay afloat. They need better ambiance, better,  more friendly and interactive waiters and better food. Maybe just stick with the sliders and fries. The breakfast was worthless.I don't care what anyone else has to say about this place, they are damn GOOD.  I'm a fat guy and I know a good restaurant when I eat at one!  The food was reasonable priced, and the staff was super friendly.  I was in New Orleans during the Mardi Gras season and ended up eating at this cafe 4 times in the 2 days that I was there!.  I highly recommend this place!!!On our way back to our hotel,  we were hungry. Nosh was on the way so we stopped on in. The guys were some of the friendliest, funniest people we met while visiting. They were also about ready to close up but were so kind as to welcome us anyway! We enjoyed the food and friendly chit chat so much that we returned a few more times during our Mardi Gras visit this year. I would have written this review sooner but just discovered yelp today.  This is a wonderful little diner that I will gladly eat at every time I'm in New Orleans!!great little diner/restaurant with excellent food and really friendly servers.  open all day - great breakfast, excellent po'boys, lasagna is delicious and chocolate brownie is sinfully good.  definitely a hidden gem.We had a late lunch - probably 2:30 ish so this place was empty when we walked in....we weren't sure if it was closed and almost walked right back out. I'm glad we stayed around to find out.  I didn't ask to see one but I didn't notice any menu's, other than the chalkboard menu above the grill. 
We ordered the special....Redfish Po-Boy and its actually the first Po-Boy I had since moving to Mississippi 6 months ago.  The fish was great, and the portion size was huge.  But at around 1$1 each, I'm glad it was so large or I would of complained. 
We stopped back in later that night to get something sweet. They had these cute mini pies! I got the peanut butter and hubby got the pecan.  They were nice enough to give us some creamer so when we made coffee in the hotel room, we didn't have to use the powder.  The deserts were perfect and just the right size!!   
I think they are still new and trying to figure out what they are, but I'd go back. It was convenient that they were so close to our hotel, and it was nice to get away from the crowd and the noise to have a bite to eat at a casual place.Great little off-the-beaten-path neighborhood gem, with some decent biscuits & gravy. Actually, the sausage gravy is awesome, but the biscuits are just so-so. Going for the boudin breakfast sandwich next time!This was one of the worst breakfasts I have ever eaten. The grits tasted like slurry. Veggie omelet was subpar. (I could have gone around the corner to IHOP for a better one.) The place is dirty and they are seriously understaffed. Do not go here.What a cozy cute informal cafe nestled in the French Quarter.  A very unassuming place for breakfast and lunch only. Our hotel suggested Nosh.  Said the best breakfast in town.
The four of us popped in for breakfast.  There's a couple of specials posted on a black sandwich board as you enter.  Tables are very basic.  Oxidized copper table tops soldered together.  
I got the sweet potato pancakes with two eggs and bacon.  Easy on the maple syrup.  The pancakes are naturally sweet.  Hubby got the corned beef hash with diced potatoes with two eggs and choice of toast.  If undecided on what to order - get this dish.  The corned beef has a Louisiana kick to it.  Very very good.
There was just one server.  She did her best to take orders, clear off the tables, refill the coffee, bring you the check, etc.
We thought of returning during our visit but we wanted to continue trying different places to eat.Curb appeal was a little underwhelming, but breakfast was perfect.  Our waiter was charming and attentive and we had a wonderful start to our day!The perfect cheap breakfast spot you've always wanted in the French Quarter. I didn't believe a place like that existed until I went there.  I have been back multiple times and the food is always made to order and delicious. The Groupon is also great to use if you go with four people. Only once (during Superbowl weekend) did I have to wait for a table. Otherwise you will normally be seated pretty quickly.Nosh is a charming little diner that's perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch.  Don't get me wrong- this is not on the foodie tour.  It's off the beaten path, about half a block from the Ritz.  My big breakfast included perfectly cooked over-medium eggs and tasty "old school" sausage patties.  The hash browns were delicious with just the right amount of onions and green peppers mixed in.  My date had the better than standard club sandwich that spiced things up with roast beef.  Had to tip 35% since our waitress was such a doll...  They have a great selection of sliders- will have to try that next time.My experience was similar to jay n's.  Flustered, incompetent waiter, long wait for drink and food, food lukewarm when it arrived, the non-hash brown potatoes were bland and some potatoes were even not quite done, I asked for no toast, toast arrived, etc.  I wasn't in a hurry, so it wasn't that big a deal.  It was even a little entertaining to see how many things could go wrong.  The waiter forgot what I wanted to drink (maybe because it had been about 15 minutes since he took my order) and had to ask me again, he put down the plates in front of the wrong people almost every time (I exchanged some knowing looks with a few other tables), and he half-heartedly apologized at the end for the "confused service."
It's a shame, because this could be a nice breakfast spot.  It's pleasant and sunny and has a nice atmosphere.  But from the waiter who's obviouisly in the wrong profession to the slow-moving, headphone-wearing, long-order cook to the fair-to-middlin' food to the door that not only doesn't close automatically, but requires a pretty good shove to get closed (which caused the door to just get left open a lot of the time), there are just too many things wrong with this place.
Oh, well.I'd rather go to Ihop. The service was terrible, the breakfast good took more than a half an hour to get while it wasn't busy and everyone was very unsatisfied, even a little disgusted with the good they brought to us. 3 people got the 3 different types of pancake platters and 1 got the boudin sandwich. The eggs weren't very edible, the bacon was fatty and cold, and the biscuit was the worst biscuit every (it was dry and I don't think it was cooked all the way). Won't go ever again. If I could give it 0 stars I would.Breakfast and lunch only.    The food is very inexpensive.  I went there for lunch.
The restaurant itself is a bit of a dive but appeared to mostly clean.  The staff was friendly and unintrusive.   I had a side salad--very basic but the ingredients were clearly not from a bag.  The salad dressing was served on the side a most likely was not homemade.  I also ordered the pulled pork and angus beef sliders.  Pulled pork was homemade and delicious but came with a BBQ sauce that probably came from a bottle.  The angus patty was a bit dry but still flavorful.  They were $3 each and at that price was worth it.
Beer and wine were on the low-quality scale (Bud light, opened bottles of 1 liter wines) and are not recommended.
Three stars because the quality:price ratio was good.Like other reveiwers have stated on here, I went because I bought the Groupon and it expires soon. The appearance certainly leaves much to be desired. It looks dirty and unappetizing but we decided to give it a try despite our premonition that we should just leave. Sometimes you can be surprised and a hole in the wall turns out to have amazing food. Let me be clear that this is NOT the case here! The best thing about this place is the website and the menu that lures you into thinking you'll recieve something even remotely decent. Instead, you receive lifeless food that is lukewarm and not at all anything you would want to swallow. I ordered the fish slider (which was a rubbery piece of fish-- type of fish unnoted--and had zero flavor except for had dill sprinkled on top that somehow did not permeate through the fish. This lead me to believe the fish was precooked and just had dill sprinkled on top at the last minute) and the portobello mushroom slider (which were three small bland button portobellos). The buns were on the stale side and much larger than what was inside. They were dressed with a tomato slice and spring mix lettuce that was past its prime. My fiance ordered the Country breakfast plate and the hashbrowns looked delicious but were actually completely bland and were hardly helped by adding salt, pepper, and hot sauce. My friend ordered the pancake breakfast and they wouldn't allow her to substitute her eggs for hashbrowns (which she ended up better off) even though a side of two eggs or hashbrowns is the same cost on the menu. The eggs were edible, sausage patties were cold, and the pancakes were overly dry. The server was pleasant and made sure we had everything we needed. As others have stated, there was one server for the restaurant, which only had one table when we arrived. Over the course of our meal, others passing by came in to eat and I felt almost inclined to save them and tell them to eat anywhere else. Needless to say, we were very disappointed and will not return.4 stars for taste! Bacon was thick and crispy - perfect combination when it comes to bacon. The Boudin sandwich is a must. It was superb! I loved the sweet potato pancake - great taste and would have been improved with powdered sugar. Coffee was good as well - good enough for me to drink black and that's pretty amazing for any restaurant. Hubs blueberry pancakes were good. 
*Definitely be prepared to wait because it is just one waitress and one cook - which is the reason for the missing star. But the sandwich was worth the wait!I would give this place 1,5 stars but wouldn't round up to 2.
The girly and I ended up in the Quarter for the first time during breakfast since I ate at Anita's before Katrina.
Nosh is in Anita's old space. Looks-wise, it's not bad. The waiter was ok. The coffee was horrible. We both ordered the Hash brown plate. I love hash browns..You know the kind...shredded potatoes grilled up with crispy edges...yeah, they don't have that. 
What they had was home fried potatoes that were mushy and bland. I was seriously disappointed by that.
 As soon as I ordered it, my fat-man brain started mentally eating lovely crispy hash browns...My fat-man brain was saddened.
 Even the girly had to use salt and hot sauce to give them some kind of flavor.
Both our egg orders were close to correct but under-cooked a bit. The toast was toast and the bacon dripped grease. Really cheap bacon they use there.
When I asked if we had gotten the correct plates because we ordered hash-browns, the waiter said, "We don't use that FROZEN stuff"...I hadn't mentioned frozen stuff so that was a little confusing. Those are HOME fries, not hash browns. Hash browns are shredded and have some flavor to them.
I did like the little Tabasco bowl they brought condiments in though.Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had. Great food!Have to agree with the service complaints. With two servers and few tables, we never got our food order in before finishing our coffee. Other tables seemed like they were waiting: for food, to pay, etc. 
Apparently the boudin breakfast sandwich would have been good. Go to Somethin' Else cafe by the courthouse instead.We had a groupon and had the Chipotle cheddar burger, large and tasty on chibatta bread. I had chili cheese slider and the Tater tots were prefect and crispy. Can't say we would go back without a groupon.Seriously? This place was exactly what I needed right before my flight. Grabbed a Ruben sandwich and an awesome chat with the guy behind the counter. 
I wasn't expecting mind blowing taste, but I did get a delicious Ruben and some great fried chips! The corned beef was absolutely lovely! They make it themselves and I really did enjoy my meal.
Ruben's don't travel well, I had half in the cab and the other half in the plane) but I had to try it since it was what he recommended. 
I'd come back here if I was ever stuck in the FQ again. Great people and good food!We went because the reviews sounded good.  The waiter was a space case, the pancakes were cold, they refused to substitute grits for hash browns (which were really home fries), and the service was slow.  Go to Daisy Dukes--the food and service are less expensive and are far superior!I wouldn't know if good or bad because even though their website says they are open until about 11 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays they were closed up tight at 7:00 p.m.
Oh well, from the looks of many other reviews we didn't miss too much--maybe an upset stomach or bacterial infection??  If you have a Groupon better get there fast as I don't think they will be around too long.Finding breakfast on our first morning in NO was not a fun experience.  We finally came accross Nosh, and when we arrived, there was an open table with dishes on it, and the waitress told us it would be 10 minutes before she would be able to get us a clean table. Not having found another breakfast place at 8 am, and since we were really hungry, we decided to stay.  Bad decision.  There was one waitress who was flustered, full tables, and once we sat down and looked around, a lot of unhappy people.  We waited for a LONG time for everything - service, drinks, food, bill.  When my fiance asked to change an omelet a little bit, she was visibly irritated, and, of course, charged us for every change.  We both ordered omelets, which once we finally got them, were prettly good, but they came with little pieces of toast and that was it.  
Since breakfast seems a little bit hard to come by, one would think that on a Sunday morning a restaurant would have more than just a waitress and a cook.  Could be a great little place, and maybe on a different day with different service it might be nice in a divey sort of way - but we are not going to waste our time finding out.    We watched people come to the restaurant and wanted to tell them to keep walking - that would be my advice to you if you are planning on stopping in.Affordable homemade food in the French Quarter. We've enjoyed a couple of late night dinners here, including fresh vegetables that are a break from all of the fried food elsewhere. Great low key atmosphere, friendly service.Went for late breakfast. Love the feel of the place. Cool decor and art on walls. Wife and I had the boudin sandwich they were awesome! Our waiter was very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Will be back.Fabulous food....wonderful service.....NOSH is a must while in New Orleans!never again. to go order for eggs and bacon took 45 min. hasbrowns arent hashbrowns at all. they need help and a real line cook. food bland.We went here because our friends from Louisiana are die hard fans of this place. So I know we will be back next time we are in town. We went for Brunch during the weekday, so the place was only mildly busy. Still had customers but not packed, great for us! 
The place is a small hole in the wall. So for fans of that, this would be a great place for you.
It's not fancy, just simple tables and chairs. The cook can see you from behind a bar and you can order from the cook or waiter. This day the cook was our waiter as well. So service was a little slow. But understandable since he was the only one on deck. 
The food was ok, my potatoes were bland, but salt and ketchup dress that up quickly. We sat next to a very lively couple who kept talking to our group, so tables are close quarters and other people get in your conversations. Nothing wrong with being nice, as long as I am not hungry or starving. :P
The cook/waiter was very funny and nice.Friendly service, coffee was much better than expected, but pancakes were borderline inedible.  Very crumbly and tasted like raw flour.  For the engineers: pancakes were structurally unsound.  The OJ seemed like something made from a powdered mix, but drinkable.
On the plus side, they weren't busy at all when other places were packed, and the music in the background was great blues.We frequent NOLA regularly, and part of the joy of roaming the city is finding great, new restaurants to enjoy. All of us work in the service industry  We tried Nosh today before debarking back home. Unfortunately, this one was NOT a keeper. 
We came in and placed our order of 7 sliders, 4 beef, 2 turkey, and 1 buffalo, a side of mashed potatoes, and some tater tots, with 3 drinks, Total of 30$. Sliders shouldn't take terribly long to prepare. 
It took FIFTY minutes to get our order. The restaurant had one 8-top, and one 2-top besides ourselves in there.
The food was sub par, meat was fairly dry. The "mashed potatoes" were dry, unbuttered, and unseasoned. The best thing we had were the tater tots - which are pretty hard to mess up!
Do yourselves a favor - "Nosh" some food elsewhere!I've been doing some meetings with the crew next door and pop in here for a meal either before or after.
I love these guys! They're freindly and give good service. The food's been tasty and quick.Absolutely filthy. They advertise mimosas and Bloody Mary, but do not have a liquor license. The food was okay, but nothing to write home about . The server was nice, but had only been there a few days and didn't seem to have much control over the anything.'Very Good' ... not great, but very good. The boudin sandwich lacked flavor. I'd recommend that they could really kick it up a notch by using a better boudin. The sweet potato pancakes were OUTSTANDING. I'll return just to have them again!
The service was also good, but not great. By the time I got my orange juice, I had just one bite left.After I ordered the boudin hash breakfast platter our cheerful hostess became very serious. "Do not add anything to this before you taste it first." Great advice for a great breakfast.Sorry Nosh, but there really isn't much positive we can say after our experience there today.  We picked this place for breakfast on an early Sunday morning, because most other places in the area didn't open until 8:00, and we had to get to the airport.  Long story short, we arrived at 7:45am, got our food at 8:37am.  We should have just gone to one of the good restaurants that opened at 8:00.
Nosh is a little greasy spoon type diner with about 9 tables, and a wooden half wall between the cooking area and the dining area.  When we arrived, there was one guy waiting on about 3 tables, and he was already flustered.  It took about 5 minutes for him to ask us if we wanted anything to drink, another 5 minutes to bring our iced tea.  At 8:30, 35 minutes into the fiasco....we started asking about our food......'it's coming right up'.  Another 10 minutes....'we're just waiting on the tator tots".  Another 10 minutes and the tator tots arrived, followed by the food a few minutes later.  
As far as the service, we didn't once get a refill on the iced tea.  The 'sliders' came without the cheese.  The eggs were cold.  The 'hash brown' were diced red potatoes with onions......that's not HASH BROWNS.
Bottom line, it's Mardi Gras.....you're going to get busy.  Have more than one person working, and don't try to get out a bunch of 'take out' orders when customers are sitting waiting for their food.  When someone asks for their food 25 minutes after ordering, it shouldn't take another 15 minutes to deliver........and then the order was incorrect and BAD.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND.This was the best place to stumble upon while looking for a decent, clean, cheap place to eat with great food.  The breakfast was great, as was the rest of the food; all of which was homemade.  The staff was extremely kind and friendly and helped out of towners, like myself, find awesome places to go.  
What a great find!Could be good food, but we will never know. Would never waste my time going back.  Bought a Groupon to give them a try, walked two mies to get there and found them closed for business on a Friday afternoon at 2PM despite the posted hours.  Too many other good and reliable options to bother giving it a 2nd tryThe food was amazing!!! Especially after a long adventurous day in NOLA stopping by at Nosh for a bite to eat definitely hit the spot! My mum ordered the sweet potato pancakes along with the veggie omelet. I, on the other hand, ordered the Cuban sandwich that came with homemade chips. The entrees were so delish! And for the finishing touch we had the peppermint chocolate brownie for dessert. Reasonably priced for great food. Coming back tomorrow for brunch (:Love love love this place!!! Try the boudin and the sweet potato pancakes!! Fast, friendly, and cooked to order. This is a staple for all my trips to NOLA.Fantastic little spot in the French Quarter!  Great food and even better service!  The Cuban sandwich did not disappoint!  It was a fun place to hang and watch the Saints play.Yummy hole in the wall! We had a cheese burger in between grilled cheese sandwiches! Yum! Definitely not something you can have everyday, but great for a calorie splurge! Great staff too.We ate here while on our honeymoon in New Orleans and had a great experience....we ate at many of the highest rated breakfast places and this one outranked them by far...I had the biscuits and gravy and my husband had some kind of breakfast sandwich with alligator sausage that he fell in love with....if we had one near us we would eat there all the time! Good food and great service!I was impressed with the quality of food and service after just walkin in here without using yelp. In fact, it wasn't even showing up on yelp.  I had corned beef hash and partner had pancakes/eggs, and both were noteworthy. I LOVE homemade corned beef hash, and it was perfect. Ahhhh. The pancake was cupcakey and pillowy and delicious. Service was attentive and nice.  Would definitely go back.Fantastic sweet potato puffs were to die for.  Rest of or our meal was disapponting. Club sandwich had so much garlic we could not finish our meal.I'm giving it a three because it wasn't their fault that I bought a Groupon that clearly stated that you need 4 people to enjoy the benefits of the coupon.   So we didn't get as much food as we were going to but we had the following.   Me: Reuben, no cheese and sweet potato fries.   Friend: House Salad and a Beef Slider.   The Reuben was not like Katz deli in NY.   It was like what is served across New Orleans...grilled rye bread with two slices of meat, sauerkraut and thousand island.   Sweet potato fries were good, but frozen (usually are), fried chips were good and I think cooked fresh.   Salad had way too many croutons.   Really only need 6...there were 20.   Slider burger was cold (probably sit on the rack too long).   Service was very good.   Other folks came in with Groupon and were disappointed.   At least they had three people.   
Prices were the best thing that this place has going for it.   Coffee was great for $1.The prices here would be reasonable anywhere, and they're an absolute heist considering Nosh's location just a smidge off Canal and Bourbon. There's nothing to complain about the food itself, either. Everything I had or sampled from my husband's order (mushroom slider, fish slider, Cuban w/ chips, and tater tots) was solid. The guy behind the counter might be one of the most genuinely nice human beings working anywhere in the French Quarter right now.
However. However, however. Nothing really stood out as awesome either. Considering the neighborhood dining competition that's quite a problem. I can't explain it but there just seemed to be a problem making the extra efforts they obviously made pay off. The hand-cut chips, for instance, looked neat but didn't actually taste any better than a bag of Zapp's would've in their stead. The fish was steamed when I had it (not pan-seared as advertised) but if not for the dill and mayonnaise on top there was nothing to distinguish it taste-wise at all. 
My recommendation is to go for Nosh if you're in the area and looking for something cheap, fast, and not entirely unhealthy. It sure beats a Lucky Dog of self-loathing or a descent into the most gruesome Krystal Burger this side of Hades. BUT if you're willing to spend $10+ per person there are plenty, plenty of exciting options out there.Upon entering the place doesn't look that appetizing... but get past the looks bc we all know appearances aren't everything.  The menu isn't overloaded which is nice bc I really dislike an overwhelming menu.  Do what you know and do it well.  I ordered the buffalo slider with cheese dressed with the basil mayo and the BLT slider with the lime mayo.  There were both outstanding.  The BLT was loaded... and I mean LOADED with bacon for $2.50.  The buffalo slider for $3.00 on the other hand didn't come anywhere near the edge of the bun.  Either make the patties bigger or use smaller buns.  That's really my only negative comment.  My girlfriend ordered the Ruben with a side of the sweet potato fires.  As my grandmother would say, she had a happy plate when she was done.  The nice thing about this place is it's in the quiet corner of the FQ.  It isn't overrun with drunken tourists or local hipsters (surprised it's not just bc of the name).  Also, they serve breakfast all day which I love!!!  I'll be going back to try the sweet potato pancakes fo sho! 
I noticed some of the reviewers here on Yelp! made note of bad service.  We didn't get that at all.  Our server did her job very well.  We too had a Groupon and it made no difference to her.  After paying our bill, we stayed and chatted for another 30mins.  They didn't mind in the least.  
If you're wondering the FQ realize you want a bit to eat with out all the fuss and overpriced menus, come here!!!Friendly staff, breakfast served fast and hot. The sausage patties and the hash browns had a spicy kick to it. Will definitely come again.Great simple home style breakfast, fair prices and excellent service! No line for Sunday brunch. Delicious! Try the omelettes, sweet potato pancakes, and sliders.My husband and I ate here during vacation and had a really positive experience.  The food was delicious (I got the sweet potato pancakes and husband had corned beef hash) and the prices are really reasonable.  The server was very friendly and the environment was overall inviting. We intend to go back before we leave.So what can I say about this place. It has it's charm with the po'boy look. But the food was horrible for its price. It's under $10 dollars. But my pancakes were dry and slightly burnt. Eggs and bacon was good.   It does not deserve 3.5 stars.STOP,STOP,STOP!!!
If you ever read any review please believe this one!
This is a ROACH infested restaurant which was seen by us while we sat there ( ×3)  with BAD coffee,no fresh milk or cream and was told that the pie or desert was so old that it should not be out on display! 
This all happened after a simple order of eggs and toast was ordered. There are so many other places to eat that this one is a walk by and forget. 
Maybe a new owner is needed to turn this place around or may let it CLOSE.Don't buy the Groupon. This place took is nasty and the cook and waitress were both dirty looking.  Ok. I've got a right to change my mind and my review. I was not happy with food or the service. The waitress informed me and my  guests what wasn't available so we ended up getting red beans and rice with some large pork Sausage. Everything was dry and nasty. Do not go here because during events they upgrade the gratuity. Don't buy the Groupon the waitress informed me since I only had a party of three she would on accept part of the groupon.I met the owner of this place this week, and we congratulated him on his new business.  we even joked about the alex baldwin portraits that used to adorn the door.  he seemed very happy, and excited.  So when we were walking through the quarter this am, we decided to give it a try.
great location, and good coffee.  the waitress was really nice, and everyone there friendly.  we arrived just before the rush began.  we split a breakfast, cause we were hungry, but not THAT hungry.   so we got the pancake plate, with three pancakes, two eggs and sausage.  I must say, price wise in the quarter?  this place has potential.  however, when we went to split up the plate, everything on it was cold.  the pancake broke apart because it was so dry.  my boyfriend is a chef, and his comment was that it was made before hand, and reheated, and thats why it broke apart.  we ate, we tipped, we left.   BUT we will be back.  Y'all are just startin out, and just need to work out a few kinks...   everyone who came in after us?  got their breakfast first, so we figured y'all just forgot us in the rush.  other than that?  I'm pretty forgiving, and want to see you successful...
so in about a month?  I'll return, and maybe this time, try a slider.  well wishes to you!$3 sliders, quick service, friendly staff. Wish that I could give a score of 3.5.After a bit of walking, my sister used Yelp and found this place near us.
The place seems like a spot for regulars, really enjoyed the people just having life conversations there and drinking their coffee.
It was just before lunch so we had breakfast!  I have to say they have pretty good prices and their food was really good!  I had a Spinach/Feta Omelette, which I split because I can only eat so much egg!  The omelette was very good, but could have used a bit more feta.  Their hashbrowns are very different, new potatoes with onions and green peppers.  Good but could add some salt and their Crystal's hot sauce helped too!  
My sister loved their pancakes..and she doesn't eat pancackes regularly.  
Great little place and it filled us up for sure.I guess this is rated 3 stars because there's so many good restaurants around New Orleans. I had the biscuits and gravy. My friend had the boudin breakfast sandwich and both were excellent. I would definitely recommend this place to someone else looking for a reasonably priced breakfast.Oh Nosh.  This morning I was all set to write a great review based on yesterday's breakfast experience.  Then I went back for breakfast today.  Dang, people, a little consistency please?  Yesterday I ordered grits with cheese and a side of sausage links. The grits were served in a good-sized bowl, plenty of cheese to melt and swirl (grated cheddar) and two slightly dry but serviceable sausages.
Today?  The grits consisted of a ladle-full plopped onto a plate.  There was about half as much as yesterday, for the same price.  I had bacon today which was very nice, cooked just the way I like it.  
The staff was completely different too.  It was almost like we had walked through the same door but ended up in a different place.  Weird.  And this is the only place where I've not been given a spoon with which to consume my grits.  Just a fork. Really? Weird.My husband and I stopped here to have lunch and about fell over by how great the food is! I must admit that I wasnt disappointed with any of the food i tried in New Orleans but after trying a bite of my husbands reuben I couldnt wait to go back for more.  I love MY homemade corned beef, so I tend to not order it out and after that one bite I couldnt wait to go back the next day to have my own.  So sad to find it closed:( it was our last day in town and i was heart broken. Do not make the same mistake we did. If they are open make sure u stop in. Its a nice little place with friendly people, good prices, air conditioning, and yummy awesome food!We ate breakfast here Saturday 10/15. We had set out for Annette's which is what NOSH used to be. It's been cleaned up quite nicely, fresh paint, original art work on the walls (for sale), new menu & open all day.  Annette's was a true hole-in-the-wall joint with no liquor license.
Well, NOSH is still a simple place but does have a liquor license. My food was only so-so: scrambled eggs w/ 2 sausage links all of which were dry due to being over cooked. Grits were OK but we had to ask for butter and spoons in order to eat them. My coffee was refilled only when I asked. Hubby had shrimp & grits which he liked. One of our friends had the biscuits & gravy which he said was quite good.
It is still fairly new but should be getting up to speed better after being open during Mardi Gras. Our server was running around the room.  Management needs to look at time & numbers to get a better handle on how many servers are needed.
We will go again the next time we are in NOLA.Skip. My boyfriend and Iwent here because out was close to or hotel. They were out of most menu items, food service slow, nothing special about the food and they forgot to bring out all of my boyfriend's meal Country breakfast with no bacon. In all we were pretty disappointed I'm surprised at the good reviews this place hasI was walking past Nosh on the way to my hotel when the dessert menu caught my eye.  I walked in and was welcomed immediately by a guy behind the counter.  I asked him what desserts they were serving that day and he enthusiastically informed me that the brownie of the day was a dense concoction with cream cheese topped with fudge icing.  Sounded good to me!  He pulled out a pan of pre-cut brownies and told me that I could pick the piece I wanted.  I selected a fudge-heavy corner piece.  I also picked up a can of soda.  My total was $3! 
I waited until I got to my room to consume my treat.  It was awesome!  I will stop by Nosh on my next trip to New Orleans.Good spot for breakfast or lunch.  It was very yummy and I would recommend stopping inn!I had the boudin breakfast sandwich and my dad had pancakes.  Everything was good.  If you like to eat at local hole in the wall places then this is the spot!2 hr street parking in front (except thursday) - perfect place for breakfast on Saturday morning in French Quarter. Not sure if it is this slow usually for breakfast around here but if you want open tables fast service and good food then this is it. Convenience is amazing. Breakfast is standard but yummy. $10 + tip seems the average cost pp for breakfast.We were visiting NOLA for the last few days. I had bought the groupon before we left for the trip so we were excited to give it a try. 
We had a great server. It was quite busy when we got there and you could tell she had a lot of tables to take care of. We felt she was very attentive. No complaints about the service at all. 
We were there for breakfast and I have to say the food was just okay. I ordered the ham and cheese omelet and had asked for some extra veggies in it but when it came out it was just ham and cheese. The waitress offered to take it back but I figured before it came back out my partner would be done eating so I just told her it was okay. This was not the servers fault as she showed me the order she had put in. So the kitchen dropped the ball on this one. I had a side order of hash browns and they were just okay too. No onions or any seasoning in them made them just kind of bland. My partner had the pancake platter with blueberry pancakes and said the pancakes were really good. She forgot to tell the waitress that she likes her bacon crispy so when it came out it was really undercooked for her liking. She just asked the waitress if she could have it cooked some more. No problem at all. 
The waitress apologized numerous times for my omelet not being the way I ordered it. 
One other minor thing. The front door does not close all the way. When we got there the only table available was right by the door. It was really cold that morning with a fierce wind blowing so every time some one left the door would be open a bit and we would have to get up and close it. I know normally this probably is not an issue as it is not usually that cold in New Orleans, but just something the owner should take care of. 
I probably wouldn't come back for breakfast but would give them another try for lunch to try out the sliders. 
I think that with all the great food choices in New Orleans that this place just pales in comparison. But like I said I would give them another chance at lunchtime.Anything out of this kitchen is gonna taste like home cookin with a kick....start with biscuits n gravey then a boudin sandwich. Very understated but will not disappoint. Leave that hotel n venture out cause u aint gonna find this back home.Yes, I would agree with all the other reviewers that the service is slow, and it's mainly cause it's a one woman show who was waiting on all the tables in this small place.  
The menu is basic, and nothing really special.  I ordered their egg white veggie omelet & sweet potato pancakes.  The omelet really should have had more vegetables, but it was o.k. though, but it was somewhat disappointing.  The best part was probably the pancake...it was tasty.  
I think that since it's in the French Qtr, and many unknowing tourist visit, it stays in business...but if it was anywhere else, it would probably go out of business.'Very Good' ... not great, but very good. The boudin sandwich lacked flavor. I'd recommend that they could really kick it up a notch by using a better boudin. The sweet potato pancakes were OUTSTANDING. I'll return just to have them again!We stumbled upon Nosh after visiting the Saint Louis Cemetery on the morning of my birthday.  After getting up early to look at tombs, I had worked up an appetite and was craving a big breakfast. 
The place has quite a few tables and looks to be family owned and run, which I love.  We were early enough to catch breakfast, and luckily for me they had everything I was looking for on the menu.  I ordered a breakfast plate with scrambled eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast.  And for good measure (of my waistline) I ordered a pancake on the side.  Everything on the plate was cooked perfectly, and the hash browns were similar to the pan fried potatoes I have grown up with - que nostalgic music (theme song to Small Wonder).  The pancake was probably one of the best pancakes I've ever had - like ever!  It was light fluffy and buttery too.  Just a touch of syrup and I was in fat kid heaven!
I would definitely visit Nosh again on my next trip, as it's affordable, dependable and offers a great amount of food for the dollar!Pretty good food. Casual and clean. Pancakes were fluffy, but too sweet for me.  Looks to be a family-run operation, as I only saw one waitress doing everything. Scrambled eggs were a little heavy, but alright. My friends said the biscuits and gravy were to die for, but as they had meat in them, I couldn't partake.Terrible.  It's hard to find totally crappy food in New Orleans.   But here it is.   Shrimp and Grits "the special" were like Taiwan shrimp on bed of microwave instant grits.   Even my sons French fries were tasteless.  I didn't think a French fry could be made tasteless.Stay away!
Like other recent reviewers on here, we went because we were visiting New Orleans and had a Groupon.  We decided to check out Nosh for breakfast.  Upon entering, we noticed a table filled with small children.  No big deal, kids like breakfast.  So we sat down and the waiter was pretty prompt.  He brought us menus and we both ordered our food.
That is when it went downhill.  The smallest of the group of children were all given spoons and proceeded to BANG BANG BANG on the table.  The mothers did nothing while the kids were banging, they just kept chatting away.  Then the other kids decided they had enough with sitting at the table and thought it would be fun to run around the entire restaurant while screaming at the top of their lungs.  We just figured that they were bad behaved kids and would be leaving the restaurant soon.
Then things got terribly worse.  A man came out of the back of the restaurant, (we figured he was the owner) and picked up one of the children, cuddled him a bit, and brought him to the back to chat with the chefs.  That is when we realized that these monster children were related to the owner or manager.  The kids then continued to scream, and run, and one (around the age of 1) even managed to walk  behind the counter and into the kitchen while chefs were cooking!!
At this point we realized this wasn't the place for us so we flagged the waiter down and asked for our food to go.  He was very nice and apologetic but there was nothing he could do about the children since they appeared to be his bosses kids.
We suffered for about 5 more minutes until our food was brought out to us in plastic containers and we made our way back to our hotel (which was only a block away).
We ate the food in our hotel room and the breakfast was horrible.  Very bland and lacking flavor.  I can quite honestly say it was the worse breakfast I have ever eaten from a restaurant.  I had the scrambled eggs, potatoes, and sausage.  And my dining parnter had the biscuits and gravy.  Blech.