Checkit: another wine bar review! I know I sound like a broken (drunken?) record but, as they say, you write what you know and I know me a good wine bar dangit. Oak fits the bill when way up in the Riverbend.
The space is a departure from the smaller, darker wine bars that populate this city (and that I populate) and it's quite lovely. They somehow maintain this fairy light glow with the lightly-colored walls and furniture illuminated by pretty light fixtures. I'm gonna say it: a more feminine vibe, but that doesn't mean a man couldn't - and shouldn't - feel comfortable here. 
And on that note, the crowd isn't primarily female, so there's that (calling all the single ladies). The crowd is very Uptown -grad student rather than the undergrad ubiquity at places like Monkey Hill and St. Joe's Bar (and Delachaise on weekends). Mature and polite young people for the most part and god, do I sound like my Great Aunt Tillie right now. Very different from the all-ages scene at my beloved Patrick's Bar Vin.
Staff is top notch at Oak! Although the place was bordering on very busy when we arrived, we were greeted and seated, but then opted for the circular bar that is awesomely situated in the middle of the room. Both bartenders were extremely friendly and attentive, even asked us if we wanted food. Sadly, I had just consumed enough Japanese food to feed a small village down the block at Chiba, so all I could do was admire the brief menu that promises tasty bites of exquisite things like frites and cheeses and olives. Oh and you small plate haters be rest-assured they have full entrees, too.
Wine list is as you'd expect: lengthy! I've been on a bubbles kick again and they've got 'em. A good selection of reds by the glass but definitely not as extensive as Delachaise & Patrick's. If vino ain't your thing, they have beer and a full bar. 
One minor thing: not sure about the acoustics of the room. The band playing was just too loud for the otherwise delightfully hushed setting. A sound person would have rectified the situation (I could be wrong but it seems like the band did their own sound and that is never a good thing. Take it from someone who worked in the biz for years).
I'm looking forward to returning to Oak. I should remark that I came here on a Thursday night and it was the final frigid night of the week, yet it was still comfortably busy. Not sure if it's packed on the weekends, but I wouldn't be surprised, after all this is Oak St, quite the happening Uptown corridor. I've been kind of allergic to weekends in most cities these days because I can't deal with crowds. Hey, Monday's the new Friday for cranky types like Yours, Truly!My gf and I met another couple here last Friday at the end of our date night.  It wasn't part of the original plan, but we saw they had checked-in on FB and popped in to say hi.  We ended up staying for a couple glasses of wine.  The bar itself is very nice, and the service was good.  I'd even say I didn't feel like I was overpaying for the wine because it was good and the glasses were big.  But when the band was playing, it simply got TOO loud.  We couldn't hear each other despite sitting at a small table on the opposite side from the band.  If they got some sound-absorbing material to quiet down the place a bit, I definitely enjoy going here more.I live a street over and have been here several times. It is a neat spot and the decor is fitting, given the atmosphere. 
The food is hit or miss, mostly very good. Although the meat pie was terrible and had zero taste. Seriously, the thing tasted like kaka poopoo. The bruschetta is VERY good though, so make sure you get that. Overall the food and drinks were very good and worth getting again.... However the waitresses have attitudes and literally pass by tables with clientele under the age of 30. Yep, they skipped us over both times and paid EXTRA attention to the rich old men. 
Quick tip - stop dressing like a Bohemian festival kid and learn to wait on customers bra.
Quick tip 2 - skip waiting for the service, go grab a damn menu yourself, it's a lot easier. Capiche?  
Cheers,
Tha RiklesGreat wine selection and an awesome spot for a book club meetingNot sure if my first experience was the best. This place is pretty busy on the weekends and the acoustics are horrible. Because of how the place was designed is hard to hear anything in there. 
I have just recently started getting into drinking, thanks to my girlfriend, and wine lists are somewhat overwhelming to me. The bartenders seemed to be is such a hurry to get to the next customer that they could not help with selections. 
I will probably not go back any time soon. But worth a shot for those wineo's out there.Tasty little tapas style meals with okay drinks and overwhelmed servers. Good food, but it took a few reminders to get us our drinks and menus.They don't close at midnight on Saturdays.  Great wine selection, fabulous dessert.  Good overall place to share a glass, sit back, and unwind over a glass.Extremely well decorated place. Spacious and elegant inside. There's live music at night, which may or may not be your thing. I personally found the live singer to be too loud, kind of overpowering the atmosphere inside. But there are tables outside on the sidewalk as well.
I can't say anything about the mixed drinks as I had beer. 
This is not really the type of place I'd go out of my way to go to, but it's a nice place to visit with a group if you're in the area or if you're waiting for a table at Jaques-Imo up the street.Went there early on New Years Eve for a few rounds and liked the service and look of this place.When I heard about a new wine bar opening up on Oak St, this isn't exactly what I pictured.  The pale interior is dimly lit by fancy fixtures including wall sconces, but certainly not to conceal any grime. There's a jazz trio playing in the corner (TOO LOUD! or just poor acoustics?).  And the menu is asking me double-digit prices for any of a number of appetizers that does NOT include cheese fries.
Basically, if I walked in here from any of the neighboring establishments, I would feel underdressed.  But it's a classy addition to the scene.  When I come back in the proper mindset, I'm sure it will be lovely.I really enjoy this place for a nice, swankier night out. The service is good, the fries are superb, and the vibe is nice. I really enjoyed hearing the Tom Leggett Trio while I was there. I'll be back soon!This would be a four star establishment if not for the cacaphony, whether there is music or not. Some serious noise mitigation is needed! That said, the food, cocktails and wine are good and the lovely crowd is extra chic in a white on white atmosphere that would make Halston proud.When in doubt ask Anthony and if he is busy ask Coleman!! These boys made my premier Oak experience. Incredibly friendly staff all around. Such calm and relax space. Perfect to chill out on a Friday after a crappy week of stress. A few fried pickles and two vodka rocks and boom stress gone! Though I didn't try a specialty cocktail they looked delicious. Need a small nibble before dinner this is a great spot to break at for minute to cool off chill out and enjoy the time you have presently. Lol. When you go have Anthony tell you about his experiences in Jersey they are killer. Couldn't stop laughing! Thanks for an awesome time boys. See you soon!I truly love this place!  It is owned & operated by a few brilliant girls from my high school alma mater, so of course we originally went to support them.  And what we got was well above our expectations!
The bar is gorgeous!  clean, crisp, warm lighting.  Perfect for dates, girls night out, groups, ...
Yes, I agree the acoustics make it quite loud when it's busy & the live music is cooking.  But since the music is usually jazz or latin combo trios, it's a pleasant loud (if you can imagine that!).  And generally the music is pretty eclectic, it's a nice change and great to showcase such a variety of local artists.
The wine selection is fantastic, and the staff is very helpful & knowledgeable.  I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means, but I do know what I like.  The bartenders always offer samples of wines to make sure you're getting the flavor that you want.  It's a nice touch, people can be intimidated when selecting, this helps you feel a little more in touch.
They've recently expanded the menu.  I've never gotten an entree (not yet anyway!), but they do have a delightful cheese plate that features local fruit compotes.  It's just enough food to keep your wine level in check.  Or at least that's the idea, it hasn't stopped me yet!
Anyway, I believe Oak is exactly what NO needs.  A great alternative to the area college bars or to having to travel to the CBD for a bit of an elegant ambiance.
And if nothing else, it's a great place to wile away the hour long wait for Jacques-Imo's!
Well done, ladies!Had a wine night with the girls... They hired new help. Our waiter was nice but too many mistakes. Being what the place is and for the pricing, please hire staff that know something about wine. The guy seems like he never had a glass of wine in his life. He didn't know how to cork open a bottle. Really? 
Wine is always great. The small plates are all delicious. But for what I'm paying I would like better service.Although I frequent Oak Wine Bar on a weekly basis, I am only comfortable giving it 3 stars because here's the deal: Oak is a beautiful wine bar, with a classy atmosphere, a decent selection of wine, a solid offering of specialty cocktails, a couple notable dishes, and oftentimes live music BUT the service is consistently sub-par. 
I was immediately drawn by the bar's visual appeal. The sleek, white marble U-shaped bar; the honeycomb wall pattern; the modern art hung on expansive white walls; the soft white lighting; even the square pattern in the ceiling caught my attention. It's city chic with great aesthetic appeal. This is not a New Orlean's looking bar.
The first time I went was on a double date. I was immediately impressed, just based on the visual appeal of the place. The music was a tad bit too loud, but not too much of an inconvenience. I would not recommend going with a large group, unless you don't mind splitting up, because many of their tables only seat 4.
I highly recommend ordering the gnocchi or parmesan fries, the former of which could almost compete with the gnocchi at Patois. If you've had the green curry shrimp from Delachaise, don't bother ordering it here; you will be disappointed. My date complained that the hanger steak was a little too salty. Stick with the gnocchi, it's consistently very good. 
The wine flights are always popular, though I've never tried the sake one. I usually just order a glass of the Picpoul blanc. I'd recommend finding Patrick at the bar if you have any questions. He is always pleasant and willing to help.
About the service- if you begin at the bar and migrate to a table (which is often the case, since tables fill up fast), your new waiter will inform you that your tab needs to be moved. I've experienced issues with this on several occasions, both technical (billing issues) and attitude related (waitress completely ignoring us and giving us attitude when some of us told her we weren't going to order any more food/wine and had already closed our tabs.  I ended up changing my mind, but by the time I got her attention it was 20 min later and she was neither apologetic nor friendly. We were all quite surprised and a little put off by her overwhelmingly indifferent attitude). Oak really needs to find a better solution to this logistical problem regarding the tabs. Other poor service incidents include waiting 15+ min for a glass of wine, forgotten orders, inability to find/get waiter's attention, but in many of these cases there have been apologies. I would prefer better service and fewer apologies.
Regardless, I am a returning customer for 1) the ambiance 2) the wine and 3) the gnocchi even despite the hefty bill thats always inevitable.To make it short, Oak is fine.  To make it long, well...
The wine selection was good, and the cocktail list looked interesting, though I didn't try any of the cocktails.  The food menu also looked interesting, but again, I didn't try anything.  I had a glass of sparkling, and that was that for me. 
It is a very modern-looking space, and the bartenders were friendly.  The place was very loud though, and this was before the band started playing.  Once the music started, we were out of there. Bad acoustics. Street parking doesn't really bother me.  All in all, I think I might go back, but only on a night with no live music.Shrimp tacos, Seafood bowl, Duck confit and Pork tamales. All delicious!Perfect place for a late night bite to eat and catch up with friends over a glass of Pinot Noir.Slow Wednesday night at Oak last night. The place was about 25% full. Wine and drinks were fine as usual. We got some appetizers that were outstanding. I would recommend anyone eat at Oak.To make this short and sweet....
Oak is pretty and modern, but not much personality.  
The service was...okay.  The bartender didn't seem that interested in taking our order for drinks or food until we asked for menus 20 minutes later.
The food was bleh.  We ordered fried calamari (one of the bartender's favorites) and shrimp tacos.  Both were disappointing.  
I would try them again just to be fair, but I would go in already being critical.Kinda swanky, but nice spot for an after dinner beverage. I thought the all white decor would have been dry, but the jazz livened the place up.
We ordered a cocktail with vodka, watermelon, and a little lemon juice that was refreshing for a hot New Orleans evening.  Quality drinks indeed.It's a cool spot.  Its kinda foo-foo, which means the ladies probably love it.  The lights are muted and everything is white or cream colored, so its right up the ladies alley.  Everyone seemed to be dressed up, there was even a group of people where some the guys had either ties and bow ties on.  I, of course, was in shorts, but they were a fancy pair and I had nice shoes on.  Not a place the fellas would go...unless they are looking for ladies...the highfalutin kind, that is.  
Good wine selection and they have some specialty drinks.  The specialty drinks are all priced around $8-10, so its not a place to go and pound drinks but rather a place to sip...slowly...I got a delicious one with strawberry and vodka.  It was very good and I could have had about 8 more.  
They had live music but it was alittle too load.  Its not set up for live music but loud live is better than none at all, I guess.
It's a great date place, I took the wife there recently and she loved it.  The drink prices overall are on the higher end but nothing too crazy.  It wasn't too packed so not the best people watching, but she definitely would go back and I am game.   
All in all its a cool place, and not typical for Oak, so its worth a try.  You will be glad you did!I want to like Oak... I really do.  A self-proclaimed wine and small plates lover, I find that Oak is simply inconsistent in their service and food quality.  I've been here on too many nights where you grab a table (that in and of itself is rare, depending on the night of the week you stop in) and are basically overlooked and/or given attitude.  Sure, I get that I'm in the under 30 range which, in a lot of upscale places in NOLA, translates to "this group of kids won't tip."  But that's sort of a self-perpetuating cycle, right?  
Your best bet is to go up to the bar, order a glass, and... fight to find a spot.  With Ale open now, there is a lot more seating which is a really good thing.  It was sorely needed given the bar's popularity.  I love the wine!  The food is a little inconsistent and a little overpriced but overall just fine.  I like coming in here if I'm in the neighborhood and want a nice glass of wine.Went for happy hour on Friday with another couple. The discounted wine selections by the glass were excellent. The discounted food items were limited to French fries and hummus. The fries were superb. We tried a number of other small plates and they were excellent. Service was very prompt. The distraction  was the decor. A number of chairs were peeling imitation leather and the tables were bare, without covering. The decor was meant to be simple modern, but it does not work. The bar is attractive.Yeah!  There's no longer an empty storefront on Oak.
Boo!  It has no parking and terrible acoustics.
Next!This place is really cute.  It can get pretty loud (and not many people were in there) so we actually grabbed one of the tables off to the side.  They had 1/2 price bottles so ordered a bottle and cheese tray.  Everything was perfect.  No complaints.  The waitress was super attentive and always coming back to check on us (which I was happy about since we were ducked off in the corner).  She even dressed sheek to fit the building (weird thing to say I know) but it was just the perfect fit.  The ambiance and decor of this place is really nice.  
There was a scent in the menus that smelled kind of "old"....I can't really explain it.  It wasn't repulsive or anything but it was noticeable.  One of my friends noticed it first..trust me we don't go around sniffing menus. lol Just wanted to bring it to someone's attention in case that wasn't intentional...maybe something from the ink or sitting on a shelf...not sure.  
There's an outside area but it was wayyyy to cold to sit outside so definitely a reason to go back.I've been back to Oak a few times since my previous review and I think it's only appropriate that I bump them up a star.
Maybe when I first came here, I came on an "off" night, but the times I have been here since have been delightful.  The venue wasn't packed at all and not everyone was dressed up (dressing up isn't bad, mind you, the last time I think I had caught the place when they were having an after party for a Christmas thing).  
This actually is a great place to see live jazz and I love that a place like this exists uptown.  I love seeing live shows, but don't always want to deal with the hassle of driving to and parking somewhere on Frenchmen.  Oak is in a really nice and safe area and street parking is plentiful close to the venue.  
The staff is extremely nice and helpful and attentive.  I will definitely be going back a few times over and keeping my eye on their music calendar.I've been wanting to go here since it first opened...Loved it! Just what this city needs, more wine bars like this!
Their wine menu is extensive and a full bar! The decor is nice and very elegant. They even have signature cocktails. Live band also plays. I agree about the acoustics being off, but that didn't really bother me. It's such a nice space and atmosphere to meet up friends. 
My friend and I both got the wine flight, $8 for three glasses of wine. All three were good! As for their food menu, not too bad.  We ordered the cheese plate, fries, puspapas, goat curds, praline dessert. All were very unique. Wish they had a pate plate, that would have been great!
Service was great.  The waitress was very helpful. The only thing I had a problem with was they didn't know what time they actually closed. I guess it depends on if they are busy or not. This is a good way to lose service in this industry. Unconsisitant business hours lost a star. If they get this settled, I'm sure it will be busy. 
Overall, I will be returning. Great location for drinks after hitting dinner up at Jacques-Imos!Great wine list. Really. But the service was abysmal. The only attempt at eye contact came as she left the check. Our small plates arrived at vastly different times. The place is kind of noisy. The menu options certainly did not honor the rich culinary traditions of New Orleans. We couldn't wait to leave.No other words but awesome. 
Fantastic wine list!
small plates.....ricotta gnocchi, hanger steak, shrimp tacos.....fantastic!Beautiful modern chic place. Definitely a great date place and a spot where you can unwind with friends in style. They had a nice wine selection and I found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable. Did not try the food but will be back to do so. Its great to have such a trendy spot Uptown.Did not know at the time but on Wednesday half off bottles of wine. Great atmosphere to bring a date for a drink and/or dinner.There was a two hour wait at Jacques-Imo's so we popped in here  for a drink and were very pleasantly surprised by a slice of NY/Miami in a historic New Orleans neighborhood.
Food/Drinks - With a two hour wait and sober/hungry people we ordered multiple drinks and tried several of the tappas style apps here.  The duck was great, the fries very good and everything in general tasted well seasoned, fresh and was priced well. 
Service - Our waiter knew the menu inside and out and was very prompt despite Oak being very busy. 
Atmosphere - First and foremost.... there are a TON of hot chicks in this place... which is awesome. Other than that I would say the crowd was average mid-30s and less casual than most places we'd been. I really liked the decor and everything felt modern and clean. 
Overall - If you want to go to a place that feels like old school New Orleans this isn't your spot. It's modern and very updated and could be in any cosmopolitan city in America. I'm sure I'll stop in next time I come to New Orleans.What!?! What did you say?! I'm sorry, I can't hear you!! That was my night at Oak. Well, that and being looked at with the most critical stares I think I've ever gotten in New Orleans. Maybe this is where the beautiful people hang out? They didn't look that beautiful. Maybe they don't need to hear each other because they have nothing to say? Possibly. I met some friends at Oak on a Friday night after we had all had dinner at other venues. I walked in and the place was packed and really loud! I was dressed pretty casual and some of the patrons did not approve. Whatever. I ordered an Old Fashioned from the bar and went to find my friends. The bartender, although slammed, was very friendly, efficient, and made a solid cocktail. I found my friends in a set of seats near the back window and heard maybe ten sentences in the hour I was there. It's kind of a shame really. The space is very pretty, albeit not very warm or New Orleans. The staff was decent and the wine and the food list looked good. Mia Borders plays there on some Saturday nights. I would love to go back, relax with a drink, and listen to her play all night. Alas, I feel I cannot. I worry that I won't be able to hear her set over someone complaining about their tough graduate level underwater basket weaving class.  Maybe I'll try again on a school night. I would give them one star but there was a dude rocking an ascot and blazer (and not as some kind of costume or joke) so they get a bonus star.stopped here after tapas for a drink.
super crowded last night. not really *my* crowd, but was nice to see.When Oak opened I was ecstatic.  Finally, a bar close in my neighborhood where I don't need to pay cover.  The place is stunning.  All white everything.  It's like a bar you'd find in a CBD hotel.  It's very nice, but not necessarily the kind of place I'd feel at home at hanging out at on an everyday basis.  I didn't feel nearly dressed up enough in a t-shirt and jeans.  They have a huge wine cellar, and a solid drink menu.  Prices aren't expensive, but they for sure aren't Snake and Jake's.  CBD prices and style on Oak St.  I'm sure I'll be back, it's just not really my scene.Have been and enjoyed my service at the bar. But after tonight we will not be back to Oak. Service was too slow, and first server seemed annoyed to have to wait on us. There was only maybe 2 other tables there, and we have simple orders/requests. Once he was bored we had a different server. without notice, which is fine but I typically tip both servers when there's a shift change that I'm in the middle of. She was polite, and tried to smile but I'm sure we were the awkward ones because our intial server was so bad. I had a long late day at work and would have stayed for a couple glasses of wine but I did not feel welcome. I've read other reviews stating casually dress patrons add not be treated with the respect tourists or overdressed folks receive, I'm sad to think that was the case for us.DRINKS ONLY - 
Walking into the space you are bathed in dim lighting, and surprised by the formality of the room: salmon walls, luxe white chairs, marble u-shaped bar and tabletops. That's where the formality ends. A garish ATM against the wall, and casually dressed staffers, looking bored or watching a meaningless college bowl game on big-screen TV. 
Their menu is ambitious, with multifaceted cocktails and intricate small plates. Imagine my surprise when my Pimm's Cup is really just Pimm's with Sprite. As if I'd ordered a rum and coke or Crown and 7. And not much Pimm's either. I passed on ordering food, simply because the menu is too physically difficult to read. All that Thomas Jefferson font on the menu is irritating when it's already dim inside and the ink is light. 
In the corner, there's written on the chalkboard about a $1 up-charge Friday/Saturday night for the local music. Really? I'd rather not know. It's too easy to offer different menus for weekends. Or, since the space is so small, no live music at all. It's right there with auto-gratuity in terms of personal irritation.This place has its ups and downs. I was really excited to see a wine bar open up in this neighborhood - they have a great location that is chic in decor with modern whites and off-whites, with some lighting play. Uber-trendy, but manages to pull it off. 
On the up:
Their wine menu is fantastic. If you aren't up on the wine knowledge, don't fret! A server or bartender can definitely steer you in the right direction.
Unfortunately, the other night was a down:
After 30 minutes of waiting for something, ANYTHING to happen, our party of 20+ just got up and left. Not a drop of Malbec graced my taste buds. Not REALLY sure why, either. It just never came. I wanted it, asked for it, showed my ID for it, and waited. And waited. And saw our waiter standing and waiting too. Not sure what the problem was. Perhaps my wine was not at its aging peak? We moved on. 
It was such a shame, because this place actually does so many things right! 
The wine: I am not a huge wino, but I do enjoy exploring, and I love the selection they have available here. At first, the menu was intimidating and too sophisticated for me, but my friends guided me. 
Cocktails: They keep it simple, unique but pretty tasty. I really enjoyed the Jean Lafitte, which seems to stay on the menu. They've made a couple of adjustments, but all-in-all, it's diverse enough that almost anyone find one they can agree with. 
The food: Unfortunately, I was planning on trying some the other night at the party which fell through. But I've heard amazing things? Eh... not good enough. I shall return!
The service: Sometimes I feels it's lacking. Like the other night - poor guy had tables on top of a 20+ top? Ouch. Most nights, I feel invisible at the bar, BUT: There is one bartender my friends and I flag down. I can't remember her name for the life of me, but she's sweet and very knowledgeable and can manage my smartass friends. Also, very attentive. Huge bonus points for keeping this one around!
The ambiance: Tres chic, but somehow not out of place on Oak Street. It's a refreshing spot. 
Despite this past weekend's wine FAIL, I still have hope for Oak. Maybe not the best for events. Date nights and girls-nights are a yes here, but not a party of that size. (20+)This place has an incredible atmosphere and is dog friendly! Great eats and drinks. Happy hour is a win. Hands down my new favorite place. Excellent service.We were staying in a home just around the corner from Oak and wandered in a couple of times.  Each time was an excellent experience.  Drinks were skillfully prepared and service was fantastic.  The decor alone make coming here worth it.  It's a well done mix of old and new French style.  We came back another night for the wine tasting and that was fabulous as well.  They do a $5 cocktail of the day and you really can't go wrong.  We consistently saw the same bartender who remembered us each time.  We never ate here but the food looked quite fabulous.Love the idea. Hate that it looks like a sterile department store and has the worst cocktails I've ever had. 
Granted I've only been here twice, once during their soft opening and once on opening night but man, those were some very bad drinks. Tasted mostly like soda water which is pretty uncool in this city. 
Also, the sheer disorganization on opening night was enough to keep me from coming back. The bar is HUGE and only 2 bartenders means a lot of ignoring. Didn't help that their computer system kept crashing.
Hope they've made some improvements over the last month and half or however long it's been open!Awesome vegan drinks with Goat wrenching sound waves that cause intense pain to the Goats highly sensitive ears.  The Goat loves happy hour in this establishment as all the pretty ladies make themselves so well dressed and apply the wholesome looking makeup to improve their faces.  The live music does not seem so popular here as the acoustics of the inside of this building make everyone run for the outside tables or leave.  The Goat usually leaves when the noise hurts his head.Ok it is getting to be a real painful pattern that Oak is ALWAYS running out of beer.  Last night they were out of Abita Amber by 9pm.  It is just a bad repeating incident that they keep selling out of beer nearly every time I go.  How much trouble is it to keep some extra in stock?  It has gotten incredibly frustrating and really has led me to skip many happy hours with friends that frequent this place at this point.Loved this place for  after dinner drinks (had dinner at Jaque-imo's down the street).  Try the Dicki-Dicki cocktail...if you like pink grapefruit flavors.  I love the cream colored decor, bar staff is friendly and prices are reasonable.  Across the outdoor patio is Ale, where they have tons of great beers on tap.  I'll definitely be back! :)Since I was traveling - I asked Chef Stew what is/ar the best items on menu?  This young talented guy - Stew (great name for a chef by the way) recommended the Grilled Broccoli and the Chickpea Cavatelli (fancy name for pasta). The balance of sweet and sour with the Sesame dressing on the Broccoli was delicious- portion was perfect too. Then came the Cavatelli. Oh my stars. The lamb & mushroom was amazing- the basil used to accent the dish was ideal- fresh, delicate, not overdone - WELL DONE STEWART FREEMAN!   
The evening was complimented by the house red and not one, but two desserts that again, Chef Stew and co- worker recommended. The chocolate mousse was creamy, dark chocolate flavor- that was worth every calorie consumed.  But then came the fruit tart. Splendid! Loaded with blueberries and a great crumb- this is comfort food and fine dining wrapped up in a wine bar. Well done Oak!  Cool patio you all share with Ale too!This place is great for a ladies night out.  Some girlfriends and I went here last Tuesday for wine, champagne and small plates.  It is open and spacious: sort of industrial, modern and feminine all at the same time, classy yet casual as well.  The color scheme is limited, most everything from the walls to the furniture is white (or at least that is how I remember it after sharing two bottles of wine with my friends, drinking a wine flight and a port within a couple of hours.)  There is a light, airy feminine allure to the place.  And I love that it is on Oak Street.  It has that nice river bend Carrolton-uptown-neighborhood feel to the place.  Loved it!  The menus are rose pink and gold:  very pretty and lovely to hold.  The best small plate I remember was  3 fried plantain chips topped with avocado and duck confit.  Delicious and memorable.  It is a wonderful place to make a night out of.  Hang out with the girls for food and wine, then walk down the street to The Maple Leaf for some Rebirth Brass Band on a Tuesday night.  That's what we did.  Best night in a while....Oak is tasty 
I'd like to start off by saying I live just six blocks away. So the fact that I can walk to Oak for happy hour is fantastic. Our neighborhood needed a good wine list and craft cocktail option. Happy hour is my favorite time to go but we also go late night. They have small plates which I love. I really like the seasonal fruit and cheese board. Anything they do with potatoes is divine. I'd describe the decor as "Feminine Miami Chic" and not the place to go if you want a beer on tap. They have a great half off wine night and a fabulous selection. I always see the same faces behind the bar when we go. Everyone is polite and attentive as well as knowledgeable. At Oak you'll find a fine balance between upscale and comfortable.I liked the Oak because one of the bartenders kicked out a guy begging us for money when we were outside just hanging around before we even entered.  Clean, swanky, young people, and they play throwback (to me) music.Came here for cocktails with the girls so this review is only based on drinks and ambience. Loved the upscale hotel loungy feel. Cocktails were fantastic... My favorite was the tequila/jalapeño cocktail (can't remember the name).Just had Oak at the recommendation of our AirBNB host. The atmosphere is cool. It's hooked on to the sister Ale house via a cool shared patio. The wine list is extensive, and the live music was good, albeit a bit loud. We opted for the eggplant bruschetta (amazing, especially if you like goat cheese), shrimp tacos (delightful with a slight kick), brussel sprouts (likely the best I've had, and shockingly, my boyfriend's favorite part of the meal) and the lamb poutine (interesting combination but the taste wasn't my favorite). We ate around 9pm and by the time we were finishing, it was getting fairly crowded with what seemed like a college crowd. Not sure it would be our scene at night, but the service was good, wine was delicious and the food was tasty. Plus it was just a short walk from where we are staying.Life is too short for bad drinks, indifferent waitstaff and so so foodThis place is gorgeous. I stumbled upon it on my way to (of all places) Snake 'n Jakes with a friend who was in from out of town, and I must say, I was pretty proud of the extreme contrast between Oak and Snake 'n Jakes. It couldn't have worked out more perfectly. 
Oak is gorgeous and HUGE on the inside (I can't believe I didn't know this place was there previously--it used to be a rug store or something?) and the bar is pretty solid. I'm definitely a fan. 
The staff was friendly, the wine was, of course, good, and though I didn't get a chance to check out the food I definitely intend to, and will report back with an update. :)Noisy, first off its noisy when it's crowded, which fortunately is rare. That's probably because it's overpriced and the portions are tiny. It wants to be some pretentious chic Manhattan bar but it's just not. So while the bar tenders are great guys, the waitress is literally a nightmare. My recommendation would be sit at the bar, or to just go to one of the several bars in the area (Maple St.?) that cost half as much and are twice as nice. 
In sum: good for the bar, but don't bother.Really good service and super happy hour. The food and liquor prices are super low on the happy hour menu which is big enough to make a meal of it.   It was a great stop to cool down for a while.First let me say that I really loved the decor- mostly the bar chairs, art, and colors- somewhat washed out and relaxing; It was love at first sight. I was told it's usually not quiet as noisy. I believe there was some sort of Christmas thing going on. Given that, I think the wait was more than reasonable. We took seats at the bar. We were served somewhat swiftly, running amuck through a few well prepared items- a delicious salad (loved the cheese, pecans, dressing), well cooked tacos and some fries, while moving through an array of tasty libations. The Moscow mule tastes better than it sounds.We'd hoped to spend a mellow and relaxing moment with a few drinks at this new wine bar, something the university area sorely needed. Instead we were, well, sorely disappointed. Although the interior is softly stylish (think upmarket hotel lounge) the acoustics hadn't been designed for the mellow and relaxing comfort we sought. It was especially so as the evening's crowd of mostly Yuptowners reliving their not-too-distant fraternity and sorority pasts began to swell. Nothing intrinsically wrong with that, it's just not our style, but more to the point the loud watering hole aspect was not at all what we were expecting based on the early publicity about this place.  
So now we know. Yet despite our disappointment, this is a place that shines. Our party, which included some wine bar aficionados from New York, unanimously agreed we would happily visit again. The menu and wine selection were truly top-notch, and the service was friendly and competent. Someone really paid a lot of attention, and New Orleans is better for it. Plus the owners did SUCH a nice job of fixing up what had long been a sad and dilapidated but historically significant building on Oak St. that to fault them for a few fixable flaws in the ambiance this early in their venture would be unfair.Solid spot for a glass of wine or small bite either before or after dinner. They also play live music on the weekend which is a nice touch.Great service, swanky vibes, classy ambiance, insane music, and superb drinks. My fiancé had an old fashion to which still stands as the best old fashion he's ever put in his mouth. I had the El Sancho and let me tell you it was nothing short of B-O-M-B.This is the place where you go to have your conversation while you wait the 150 minutes it takes to get a seat at JacquesImos down the street. If you get there before the band, you're going to have a sophisticated good time. 
Thank you New Orleans for having at least one class joint where the bartender listens to your explicit instructions for the making of a martini. Even if they don't have all the ingredients you want (almost nobody has pearl onions any longer), the man behind the counter will draw you out. 
I have had the subtle misfortune of being the old guy, and often suffer the fate of being in the same vicinity of kids in prom dresses and drinks called 'hand grenades'. Saints preserve us. So the Oak Wine Bar and Bistro was a breath of fresh air to those of us who enjoy wearing jackets and hard shoes.I'm a sucker for beautiful decor and I felt comfy and relaxed here. This is a perfect place for a date, after work drink or girls night out. I was pleasantly surprised by the live music and they have staff that will wait on you even if you aren't eating.  I can't wait to return.Some friends and I checked Oak out for a bite to eat at a place that's a little different.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't terrible either.
First, I definitely have to agree with people who say that this place is loud.  It's really loud, and although they have live music, I don't think that this place was built for that kind of thing.  If you want to see a band here, don't expect to have any kind of conversation.  Also, Oak is really brightly lit and I wish that there were more places to sit.  It was pretty packed and seats were at a premium.
Heads up: if you go here, dress up, because everyone does.  My friends and I were in jeans and we felt a bit out of place.  Not a bad place to start your night, but once it gets packed, it's no fun.We popped in for cocktails and small plates.  The cocktails were pretty good, as were the shrimp tacos(the best thing we had that night.)  The charcuteri platter was OK; mainly because the choice of mustard wasn't the best.  We had a cheese platter that was average, and the portion was ridiculously small.  The service was not that good also.  There slow and lacked knowledge about the cheese platter.  The only reason I'll go back is because from time to time they supposedly have live music.GORGEOUS interior, but great furniture isn't what's going to make me come back to a wine bar.
Happy hour: wines are well priced at $5 a glass. My friends and I had 4 of the wines listed on the hh menu.
two reds: the pinot was light and uninspiring, and the other was downright terrible.
chardonnay: meh
a fruity red sparkling wine: tasted like juice, definitely for your friend who doesn't like wine.
Moral of the story: you get what you pay for
Other notes:
Charcuterie ($15) sparse and forgettableThey saved my night. After having an awful experience at "The Tasting Room" on Magazine, we went here. Our first time, but will not be our last. The ambiance, the food, and the drinks were all great and the staff was all very attentive. This is how a wine bar should be run. Other restaurants take note at the superior management. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.Great Atmosphere! Great food! Knowledgeable Staff. They love their locals here too. Dont pass up a chance to get familar with this Gem on Oak Street!4 Stars for Happy Hour and for this bar having a lot of young professionals with most people dressing appropriately (I'm an old school preppy fellow and can enjoy the occasional sloppy night out but I think we need more preppy spots!!!).  They have a good beer, wine, and liquor selection.  The service can get pretty good when they recognize you here after several visits.  There are also usually some of the best looking women of most of the area bars that will pass through here at some point in the night.
3 Stars (generally) for later in the night when it gets more crowded and when they have music as the acoustics in the bar are HORRIBLE!  I even brought an acoustics specialist I know to offer his services and they said they were having someone "work" on it but obviously that hasn't happened yet.  You can't hear what someone right next to you is saying it gets so loud in here!!!  It also is a big negative that they add a $1 surcharge on all drinks when any live music is playing as the music usually isn't worth that amount and I would prefer to just pay a cover as that really adds up on the final tab (so I usually just don't go or leave when they have live music as the music quality, along with the bad acoustics, just isn't worth more than $3-$5).  Other than the acoustics the other big negatives are they also frequently run out of beer and the service can be ridiculously slow sometimes.  The food is "ok" but way overpriced for the very small portions (I'm not a fan of this small plate concept ya know!).  They also offer some good cheese plates which you would expect at a "wine bar."  The men's bathroom was obviously designed by women and needs some tweaking to be a MEN's bathroom as the stupid two way swinging doors and no urinals are a major pain.  During the weekends it also seems to sometimes become majority old people or cheesy people and that runs out the younger professional crowd elsewhere but when it is good it is VERY good in here.
When this bar is firing on all cylinders it is hard to beat but it definitely has some inconsistent qualities about it.  Happy hour and most weekends are usually the best times but those range from well attended to very sparse.  Thursday and Friday seem to draw the best Happy Hour crowds.  If music is playing or it is very crowded just don't expect to hear anything or better yet sit outside at one of the tables.Okay. So you walk in. The place appears to be nice. Then you start to look around. Deflated balloons on the ceiling chairs scattered all over the place and not tucked in. Oh well. You sit down. Ask for a cocktail recommendation. The server has none. Out of the hummus you want. Order the cheese plate. Get drinks. Drinks are decent. Fresh. Good. Server drops cheese plate. Gives no description on the cheese or accompaniments. Doesn't refill water. Mediocre vibe. Mediocre food. Shit service. Drinks decent.3.5 
Bartender was great accommodating a food allergy and suggested a cocktail she could alter for me...it turned out fantastic and was greatly appreciated.  We had the fried oyster appetizer, it was just ok...more breading than oyster but they can't all be winnersI am a huge fan of Oak after only one visit.
It wasn't too long ago that I wouldn't have been caught dead in a place like this. Luckily for me, I have embraced my inner fancy pants, and now get to enjoy places I would never have tried pre-Yelp.
Oak is very white inside. When I first walked in I was taken aback by the bright clean look. I am not sure why, but it works well to make the place feel even more fancy. The large bar was well staffed with extremely friendly bartenders. They didn't mind explaining types of wine, or constantly refilling water glasses.
There was a very good selection of wines by the bottle and glass. While not cheap, prices were very reasonable for the by the glass selections. I tried a couple of different glasses, but particularly enjoyed the Riebeek Cellars Cabernet. If I remember correctly, it was $7 or 8 a glass.
On the night I visited, there was a live band. My only complaint is that they were a bit loud, making conversation difficult. This is a great venue to watch a band because it is far away from the touristy areas of New Orleans. I would much rather watch a show here than at a downtown club.
I like Oak, a lot. I could see where it would be far less fun if it were packed with people, but when I visited, it was nearly perfect.My first instinct for this place was a total "meh"...but now (some time after patrolling there) I feel it's probably more apt to give it 3 stars. Not sure why, but there you have it. 
This place is trying to do something, but I feel like it's kind of missing the mark. At first glance, it appears hip, sleek, modern, etc., but I felt like the details were a little rough around the edges. As others said, the acoustics are rough, likely due to the concrete floors and sparse modern decor. Not much to absorb the sound so bring your hearing aids. ;)  We were seated in a little nook which was nice. They have wine flights and decent priced cocktails--although none of the cocktails were too exciting to me, and I would love to see more bourbon concoctions. Our service was fine, but our server seemed a little disinterested in the process. 
All in all, not bad, not great. Meh to A-ok.If you're looking for a place where you can meet friends over some good wine or cocktails, and you just want to nosh on some delicious small plates, and maybe catch some live music, then this is the place to go! I am a huge fan of their hand-cut pasta with san marzano tomatoes, chilies (yes!), fresh basil with parmigiano-reggiano cheese, which, by the way, I wish they offered as a full-size entree! And the chilled beet salad with pistachio pesto is a must for anyone who appreciates beets. The service is great and the atmosphere equally attractive.Great ambiance. Fresh, cool, has a great clean feeling. Live jazz. Can be casual or dressy. Extensive wine selection. Small Dinner menu which I would like to try but I have yet to try anything other than the French fries. An Amazing heaping plate of thinly cut French fries!!!! Served with a garlic butter aioli that is absolutely stupendous.  4 stars! Yay! I am a fan.Agreed. This place is lovely inside. There are huge oil canvases on the walls and everything is white, from the patterned tile behind the bar to the coral light fixture hanging from the ceiling to the furniture and the wood on the stage. 
I actually liked how loud it was. While waiting for my girl to meet me, I tucked myself into a corner and pulled out my sketchbook and some reference materials to work. There was live music and a large crowd of after work blonde ladies but somehow... it all kind of melted together into this hazy cloud of sound. Also, I like the vintage fabric on the couch I was sitting on. I stared at it for a long time. 
Met a friend last night for a drink and ended up having four. The prices are pretty moderate, $8 for a 3-glass flight?  I started with the Edith Piaf, which is pisco, white wine, and muddled grapes. It was good, the ice on top looked like broken glass (is that weird? I think so. I like Cure's cube ice).  My friend got the Sparkling flight (2 glasses of sparkling wine and, strangely, one regular white) and a shot of St. Germain. I got the Red, White, and Rose flight. They do have a nice wine list and a good selection of liquor.
Foodwise: 
1. Fries with Parmesan and Roasted Garlic Butter - I really enjoyed the fact that I was dipping my FRIED POTATOES into BUTTER. They were crispy, shoestring, the Parmesan seemed a little stale though but whatever. GARLIC. BUTTER. Nom. 
2. Goat cheese curds - Okay, can any dairy experts explain this: whey is what floats to the top, so what are curds? Isn't it just cheese? These were just okay. The chorizo slices were very hard and not very spicy (it kinda tasted like Taiwanese sausages), and they skimped on pimiento in the sauce. Basically... breaded and deep fried cheese. Just okay.
Looking at Susan W's review I'm wondering if some things have changed. I thought there was a good amount of seating and a good variety; at the bar, assorted sized tables, and a few larger private tables for bigger parties. I'd like to come back. With women or gay men only.This is a great upper class wine bar with a nice atmosphere. Great for young professionals! Drinks are a little pricy but the atmosphere is so nice and has music most nights. Great location on a great street!I've been to Oak Wine bar a few times, but I'm finally getting around to writing a review.  That is fortunate for Oak because my review for this visit is the most favorable!
Oak is a nice wine bar on the ever growing scene on Oak Street.
I really love the atmosphere at Oak.  There are tables outside, which I always love at bars.  The inside is warm and classy with pretty lighting and fixtures and comfortable seating.  
One thing that really stands out for me there is the service.  They offer waiter service at the tables and not only is it friendly, but I NEVER have to wait to order.  They are always right on it as soon as I'm ready for another drink.  
As far as food goes, I've only had the French fries with garlic aioli.  They are huge, cooked perfectly, delicious and plenty enough for two or even three people to share. 
The craft cocktails are of normal price at $9-$12 each and they are tasty.  The beer is a little pricey at $5. The wine selection is impressive.
All 3 times I've been to Oak, there has been live music.  I saw Kristen Diable (I highly recommend her), and I've seen Mia Borders (also HIGHLY recommend), and one other person that I can't remember.
The reason this trip to Oak gets a higher rating than my other trips?  The acoustics!  For the other two shows that I saw, the acoustics were TERRIBLE!  It just sounded bad and you could barely carry on a conversation with the person sitting right next to you.  Plenty of Yelp reviews complain about this very thing, and apparently they finally did something about it.  On this visit, the acoustics were fine.  Both me and the person I was with commented on how much better it sounded than on previous visits.  I don't know what they did, and I don't care...I'm just glad.
With that being said, I can now not only recommend Oak as a great place to go with the girls for some wine, or for a date, or a stopping ground while waiting for a table at the restaurants close by...but also a solid place to hear some good live music in a classy setting.I've been doing a different happy hour every single night since I arrived 2 months ago or close to it . Best shrimp taco ever!!!  Eggplant bruschetta equally as Good!  The Happy hour is amazing and half off wines on Wednesday. This should be a staple for all lower Audubon residents.  First class!!!Ehh - I'm not a fan of this place. It feels like one of those soulless California celebrity hangouts. There is nothing New Orleans about it. Even my sister, who likes everything sparkly, doesn't like the ambiance. Every surface is ivory, frankly, to match the majority of the patrons, myself included. Not much New Orleans-y about that.
I find everything to be overpriced. The appetizers we had were fine, nothing special. The wine list is extensive, so that is the one reason to go to Oak.
This is a place to meet a business contact from out of town, so they'll be comfortable. Don't go with natives. We aren't at home at Oak.Been here a few times for happy hour. Friendly staff. Buffalo cauliflower is amazing and good drink specials. Lovely decor.