I have friends that have eaten here & were pleased w/the sushi. I decided to bring my two boys for lunch today. We usually go to Fuji Hana on Lapalco & love it, but wanted to try something new. We were really disappointed that they don't offer a lunch menu! My son always gets shrimp hibachi at Fuji Hana for $10 and here it was $16.95!! I understand u get a lot more food w/a regular menu, but honestly no one NEEDS that much food. Plus, I wld never pay that for a lunch. We ended up leaving and coming to Fuji Hana!Had the bento box with sushi and teriyaki beef. Comes with choice of miso or clear soup. Includes house salad (house thousand island dressing), 1 each of salmon, tuna, yellowtail and crab stick sushi.
Beef very tender. Wasabi was soft and tasty. Teriyaki was a little thick (almost like barbecue) and flavorful with sesame seeds. 
Service was spectacular! Rapidly brought our drinks. Could have been in and out in under 30 min if we wanted to.
Price was very reasonable for all the food.Decided to try this place based on reviews. Excellent choice! Enjoyed the jalapeño popper appetizer, then had the Tri Color sashimi special, rainbow, Cajun and whodat rolls. Everything was delicious and fresh. Nice portions of sashimi. Will definitely be back soon.This is our go to sushi spot. We love the college rolls. We order from them at least once a month it's such a short drive from where we live and the employees there are very friendly.Thank goodness!! Sushi close to home and its DELICIOUS!!  Nice place, ample parking, professional and kind staff.First visit and we will be back. Go with chef choice, tasty! Why do they insist I write more? It's good ok? Try it!Reviewing a sushi restaurant is relatively straightforward.  Do they use fresh quality ingredients?  Is the preparation and assembly interesting and appropriate?  Is the service prompt and pleasant?  Are the prices reasonable?  Oishii gets top ratings across the board. Highly recommended.  A hidden gem on the Westbank.Went in with the wife and kids, ordered in just a few minutes and our table was filled with miso soup, and sushi!  WOW mouth watering and fresh. Sushi restaurants   can be hit or miss but not only was this a grand slam but will be a weekly favorite. Very friendly staff and a fast chef. Order was 100% with an added cucumber roll that was massive! Children friendly (they loved the hibachi chicken and rice) easy parking  - in and out experience - Accept to go orders and walk in orders!I am so happy I found this little gem in Algiers!! Driving all the way to Manhattan was a drag so I decided to try this place on a whim. I'm so glad I did! The fish is always fresh, everything is just delicious! The staff has always been polite and very accommodating to special requests. My favorite rolls are the Algiers Special and Rainbow Roll.We meant to visit this place a while back but The Girly decided she was too hungry to wait to get here...So we went to ANOTHER sushi place close by, which, in all honesty, was horrible in every way.
But for some reason, she decided she wanted sushi on this cold evening so there we went.
Small place. Almost no decorations. Simple and basic.
App: We got the squid salad. It was great but was not house made. I learned this after asking the waitress about it. She asked one of the owners, but we wittnessed the male owner being rude to our amazing waitress about her being behind the bar to ask my questuion (Seriously, dude...don't be an a-hole to your amazing employees)..
The girly ordered the Tornado, a shrimp and avocado roll covered with potato strings and deep fried. She also got the california roll. Both were really good. I tried one bite and the textures are so odd but also so good. She loved them. 
I got the crunchy roll) (amazing) and the crunchy spicy roll (A roll I ordered from the OTHER sushi place that came out totally disgusting). It was awesome this time. Seriously, awesome. You would not taste the two different versions and think it was the same thing. 
THIS IS THE BEST WEST BANK SUSHI. Seriously. At least it's the best we've had. If owner man is not the baddie he seemed, then it will be a 5 star place.Love this place!!!  The fish is fresh!!!  The Seafood and Tropical rolls are amazing!!!!  Everyone is very friendly!!!!  I'll definitely be coming back and it's worth driving across the CC!!!Amazing food. It is worth the drive to the wank.
The people that own it are local. The staff was nice. 
Food: chefs special, squid stake, it was just great all around.It's amazing how I've passed this place daily going to/from work.  My family and I had a taste for Hibachi after church, and my husband found this place on Yelp!  We are very happy we went!  The customer service and food were outstanding!  We each had a Hibachi (shrimp, chicken & beef) dish.  I look forward to trying the Yakisoba!Algiers One held its August 2018 Meet and Eat event there last night and it was awesome, we had about 25 folks show up and the restaurant handled it like any other night for them, they also had their usual walk in customers at the same time, they totally handled all that business like professionals
Everyone enjoyed their food and our waiter and waitress did an great job keeping everyone's drinks refilled 
Just want to say Thank You Oishii for another awesome nightI really wasn't going to do it. I wasn't going to be "that person" who gives a place 5 stars on the first visit, even though every one else who has reviewed it has given it 5 stars. I'm really picky about my sushi and there's no way this place deserves 5 stars already...except that it does.
I stopped in for a late lunch and I was immediately greeted and told to sit anywhere. The man who greeted me came right over and took my drink order. My usual M.O.is to order a couple of special rolls, that way I get a good taste of what the restaurant has to offer.
I decided to get the Okinawa roll and the DeGaulle roll. With spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, tuna, salmon, avocado and mango, the Okinawa has a little bit of everything, so I knew it was a "must". The DeGaulle had salmon, spicy tuna, snowcrab, topped with their house sauce.
The first thing I noticed about these rolls- they are HUGE. At $13 each, they are well worth the money, especially if you are dining with a friend. Of the two rolls that I ordered, I would say that I preferred the DeGaulle. Both of the rolls were delicious, but the DeGaulle roll was a little lighter. The Okianwa was tasty but had A LOT going on. That's not a complaint; it was really good and I would order it again. I was pleased because I had plenty of leftovers, so I finished the rest of my order for dinner.
The service here is really impeccable. The waiter was extremely attentive and checked on me regularly and was quick to refill my iced tea. He even brought me an iced tea "to go", after I paid my check, and I thought that was a really nice gesture.
I would absolutely return to Oishii. I will have to go back and get some of their sashimi, so that I can compare it to my other favorite Westbank sushi place: Tennou. I am sure if you give this place a try, you won't leave disappointed.Always an excellent experience! Sushi is so fresh, service is prompt and friendly !! Top of my list for go to sushi restaurants!! I recommend getting the Tempura salmon appetizer! Any roll you try here will not let you down and they have hibachi!Good sushi along with great service. Nice quiet atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone wanting good sushi.I'm so grateful this place exists that I cab walk to it and that they have no rice rolls!My wife and I were planning to go to another restaurant but we ended up driving around and found this little restaurant in the corner of a tiny strip mall. It's not in plain sight, that's for sure! We walked inside and lo and behold, there's a quaint little restaurant inside!
You can sit wherever you like which is a little awkward but cool because the staff are super friendly. I'm not the biggest on sushi places so I usually order hibachi or other cooked meats. The waiter persuaded me to try their Tornado Roll and although I was doubtful, it was crispy and tasteful! It had crispy potato around it! Weirdest sushi I've ever had. I also ordered the Baked Salmon and the wife had Teriyaki Chicken (she's not a fish eater).
Overall it was really good and the staff was the friendliest I've seen in the westbank. I'd probably go back just to see what other weird sushi rolls they have!Thee best sushi in New Orleans.  Saki Cafe and Rock n Saki have long been my favorite, but this place is better.  Do yourself a favor and try the spicy edamame.  It's a treat!  Really really good sushi.  So fresh everytime.I am a sushi lover, so when I saw a place open so close to home I was excited. I tried this place because of the great reviews. 
I ordered my food to go and was told 10 minutes. When I got there 15 min later it wasn't crowded, however my food wasn't ready because the chef forgot to make it. I ordered 3 rolls, fried rice and a salad. I waited for my fried rice and realized later that they did not give me my salad. The waitress they have three needs some training. I will say the sushi was good but not the fries rice. Maybe because he made it in a rush after he forgot. 
I'll try them again since they just opened. Maybe I'll dine in.Really good food. First visit got off to a slow start but once I figured out their process we sailed on through.Had sushi  rolls and they were all fresh and tasty. Tried the California,  Spicy Tuna, Avocado  Tuna and Spicy Salmon rolls. They were all great, but best of all is the location. It's  really  nice to have good sushi  so close to home.I got the two roll special which comes with a salad and miso soup. I ordered my meal to go and I go inside to pick up my food and and they give my my bag with sushi and salad inside and hand me a    cup that is saran wrapped will soup that's is filled not nearly half way. I got in my car and was thinking this wasn't right. Why would they give me a cup that isn't full? So as I drive away and I decided to call them and ask if they normally don't fill the cup up all the way with the soup and the man on the phone was like no we fill the cup up, So I told him that my cup of soup had like a 1/4 cup of soup in it. Well the man apologized and told me to return it and they would give me a full cup. So I turn all the way around and drive back in and enter the restaurant and hand the man my cup and asked if this was normally the way they give their soups away. He proceeded to tell me that that was the way the filled it up. I asked if I could pay for a full cup lol. He took my cup and was speaking to the owner about my issue. The woman by him just hands me another cup 1/4 way full of soup! I walk out just shaking my head. If you're going to use drinking cups to put your soups in, at least fill the cup all the way, that ways your customer doesn't feel cheated out of a meal they are paying for. Otherwise if they are going to get stingy with their miso soup have the proper styrofoam to go cups that is small enough to fill the soup all the way up!I want to update my thoughts of this place! Since my friends & I love sushi we visited a few times since my first review. The sushi is awesome and always fresh & service is good too. They may have seen my review about the hibachi lunches, b/c they have added a more reasonable hibachi lunch!! This place is a must try!Finally, something to eat besides Italian or fast food in Algiers. My mom turned me onto this place when she let me try her snow crab Naruto roll and a special no rice roll. Both were very tasty. 
The no rice rolls are really standouts here. Dining in is fine. Many of the customers seem to know the staff so there is a pleasant community vibe. 
What really compelled me to write a review was the first time I ordered here. It was takeout. I know, not a great way to try a place. There were many rolls and equally as many sauces and the servers were kind enough to label everything. It was so helpful and a great introduction to their restaurant. As a result, our family dines here whenever we can.This has to be the best kept sushi secret in NOLA. This is the best sushi I have ever had in New Orleans. That says a lot considering how many amazing sushi restaurants we have here. The "Pac-Man" roll is a must try and so far my personal favorite. Most importantly the chef here nails the perfect Escolar sushi presentation.Great sushi! Reasonably priced. Small but super cute. My server was wonderful. A little off the beaten path, but worth it if you're in the area. Chef's special roll was so good. The calimari was super fresh, not frozen out of bag. Pleasant surprise!Great local sushi, have gone back 3 times since as it is the only good sushi option by my house.My fiancé and I went here twice and everytime, this place is always so friendly and so warm.  You can taste the love and the food from this place. You have made my top 5 favorite sushi restaurants!We get sushi here often...it's very good and the staff are very nice!!  Thank you for great sushi and great customer service!It is hard for me to believe that I have not reviewed this place yet... It is one of our most loved places. The variety, the freshness, the prices, the wonderful service is all tucked away in a tiny strip mall at the end of de Gaulle.  I honestly think it is one of the best sushi places in the city.  I have even brought out of town friends and family there and they love it, too!  Try the Yummy Roll.  It's my favorite!Only had takeout from this place. Philadelphia roll and it was pretty good.The food tasted good, but finding a large piece of plastic in the sushi turned me off. I brought it to the attention of the waitress and she did manage a cursory apology. I won't be returning to Oishii nor would I recommend the restaurant.Great attention to detail ! Always serving the freshest fish, with great portions ! Great service , Staff always very personable .Fabulous off the Beaten path of the French QTR.  I went for a late lunch and I had the whole place to myself. Great menu options. Sashimi and sushi rolls were Awesome. Service was nice.Love this little spot. Always great service and nice staff. Eventually I'll have my own special roll here.Great neighborhood spot. I passed everyday for 3 years and now I am adding them to my favorites list.Great Sushi! I haven't tried Daiwa yet so Oishii is the best on the Westbank for me.Food was great. I ordered a baked avocado and some shrimp hibachi rice. The rice was somewhat gummy but still good. The avocado was delicious. It had a little surprise in the center, a spicy crawfish!Thank god. Sushi in Orleans Parish on the WB!
The price:Qty ratio was amazing. We had 4 rolls and a squid salad for $40! Three of the rolls were specialty rolls. 
Delicious!
This will be a weekly stop for me.The sushi was delicious. The place doesn't look like much and the service is top notch, but I enjoyed my food.I love this small Sushi restaurant in Algiers. I stumbled upon it, and I'm glad I did. There are not many options close. This is a family run place. Very kid friendly. I had my 4 year old with me the first time I stopped for a to-go order. They gave him some salmon and a noodle salad to keep him occupied while we waited. He loved the beginner chopsticks also. The sushi is good, and they have a wide assortment of cooked, and raw rolls. They also have a hibachi menu.It may not look like much from the outside but once the food hits the table you will be impressed. Our service was impeccable. We had the tootsie roll and  I must say it's the best I've ever had. Hibachi was good but the sushi is top notch and we will be back. I've been craving another roll since we left. Our new favorite spot when we visit New Orleans.I really like this no frills West Bank gem. They always deliver and do so at a reasonable price point. Their two roll lunch special is one of the best sushi deals around.
Sometimes the top 40 musical entertainment takes away from the dining experience, but I'm happy to bop along while sipping a Kirin and chowing down on their salmon sashimi.We are new to the area and was looking for a new Japanese restaurant. We went here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with how good this place was. It's just a little restaurant in a strip mall but it was very good. I ordered the lunch chicken hibatchi special. It came with miso soup. It was so flavorful. The vegetables just the right crispness. My son got the Okinawa sushi roll. The roll was huge. This was the first time my son couldn't finish a sushi roll. I had a bite of his, it was very fresh. I would highly recommend this place!Just finished eating and OMG it was so delicious. The jalapeno peppers were the best I have ever ate. We also ordered the Hawaii roll the cajun roll and the pac man....it was all so fresh and tasty. The service was above great This is my new place for sushi and it's only 2 miles from my house....yeahDefinitely one of favorite sushi joints on the WestBank and the only other one is Daiwa. But this cute little Mom and Pop place is absolutely delicious!! Their Okinawa roll is absolutely to die for and I love their Takoyaki (fried balls filled with chopped up octopus). And the prices are very wallet friendly and the rolls are HUGE! I try to come here whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
If you're ever in the area do not hesitate to try this place. It doesn't look like much on the outside and they could decorate a bit more inside but when it comes down to the food it's great. Makes me sad I don't see more people in here or any people at all. Check them out!Came here for lunch one day and got the hibachi special... Definitely a good choice! If your in Algiers craving sushi or hibachi I'd recommend you stopping by. Not to mention the service is great and I didn't wait for my food hardly at all... Great spot for Algiers! I'm giving them 4-5 stars only because I've had a lot of hibachi and they don't have "the best" however it is good and for a 12 dollar lunch special... Nothing compares! CHEERS!I came here on a Sunday afternoon and it was fairly empty. There were two other tables there but they ended up leaving as we got our sushi. So we ended up being the only table in the restaurant. 
We got the salmon cream cheese tempura. The cream cheese was a bit over powering.I felt like the sauce didn't go well with this item.
Now on to rolls: 
Okinawa Roll, Chef Special Roll, and Tropical Roll. Delicious!!
Okinawa roll was my favorite. The fish and sauces went well together! Portions here are quite generous.
I do have to say that service was slow. Our waitress was constantly looking down, I'm assuming she was on her phone. We were the only table left and it took awhile for my water to be refilled and bill to come out.
I'd still come back!Only my second time here, but the staff remembered me!  Very nice people, but more importantly, good food!  Was recommended to try the Oishi House Roll and the Geisha Roll by the staff.  Both were really good.  Previous visit was the Rock and Roll.  Can't offer a price comparison, as I am new to sushi and just trying to remember the names of the ones I like, but great experience overall!!This place is hard to spot but I can tell you that it's one of those really good hole in the wall places (although it's not really a hole in the wall). The fish here is really fresh and the service is great. They give you a complimentary miso or clear soup for dine-in customers.  The food is very flavorful and they have different rolls than your generic sushi place. I will definitely be coming here again.Came here for a weeknight dinner and was really impressed with the quality of the sushi, and the variety on the menu is crazy. Easily 50 different choices for sushi rolls. We had the volcano roll which tastes as good as it looks and is LOADED with snow crab and salmon, the Cajun roll which was deep-fried and stuffed with cream cheese so obviously fantastic, and the tempura  jalapeno poppers- a perfect marriage of asian and cajun flavors. They also have hibachi; we only tried the noodles, but they were great. Best part was the pricing- I was so pleased with the price of our meal after overpaying for sushi across the river for so long. Only thing missing is the atmosphere, the place could definitely use a face-lift. Otherwise, it's great!Going to school across the street, I've been just CRAVING for a closer sushi spot. Fuji Hana and Daiwa are such a far drive. This is definitely a really good new sushi restaurant that just sprouted up. 
Very friendly workers and very prompt service. I feel like family hereDidn't love the California roll and the crunchy roll was not crunchy, but the goyza was fantastic. Tempura shrimp was decent, and other sushi was great!Went here with my family one day and cruel not have been more surprised. Great atmosphere and. the people were very friendly and accommodating. We tried the jalapeño poppers and the tornado roll, which the tornado roll is wrapped in these potatoes strings that give the roll such a unique texture that you won't find elsewhere.The sushi was delicious! I had the LSU roll and the Ahi Tuna Tower both where delicious.Taking another star off. Not just because the last time we ate there I got some really bad salmon roe in my sushi, but because once again the owner snapped at a worker who was doing absolutely nothing wrong. Last time he did it because the waitress was asking a question I wanted the answer for. 
While the sushi is better than other places close by, I really can't stand a business owner who is rude and aggressive to their employees. It's really bad form and turns me off from their food.Best Hibachi by far in the city!!!! Sushi is so good you can't go wrong with any of their rolls, especially the Who Dat roll. My personal favorite roll is the southern roll!!! Also, best spicy mayo you will ever taste..... if you go there for the 1st time, ask for their jalapeño poppers to start with and the cucumber seafood salad!!!!!!!The hidden sushi gem of the Westbank!  This little place has great food.  The fish is very fresh, tasty, and affordable.  The employees are very friendly and service is great. The decor is simple, but who cares because when it comes to sashimi, my focus is the quality and freshness of the fish.I've been meaning to try out this sushi joint for quite some time and I'm so glad that I did!  It took me way too long to get here seeing as it is right by my house, but it was well worth the wait.  My sister and I were famished and came here for dinner one night and left full of delicious food.  We looked at the menu and knew we came to the right place because there were soooo many options.  There's something here for everyone from their hibachi noodles/rice to their sushi rolls.  We ordered edamame, clear soup, hibachi noodles, a specialty roll, and two regular rolls.  No way did we finish it all, but we were glad to have some leftovers to take home.  Everything was fresh and great, especially the Okinawa roll, which was to die for.  I will definitely be back to Oishii in the near future!3 stars only because it was just about as hot inside as it was outside. 
Food - 4.5 out of 5
Price - 3 out of 5
Service - 4.5 out of 5
Comfort - 1. - It was almost as hot inside as it was outside. They had some fans going and MAYBE that helped but, a good place should be comfortable. If I want to sweat and eat, I'll go to Cafe Dumonde in the middle of the day and order a hot coffee! 
This was a good place to eat, chow was pretty good overall. Vibe and decor were simple but nice. Decor isn't a big deal, if the place is clean and the food is awesome, I don't care if you give me a darn paper plate! But of course, we are Yelpers, so we hold our pinky's out a bit when we drink whether you want to admit that or not! 
But if it's hot inside and hot outside, that just ruins a meal. 
When my mother in law mentioned the heat, the waitress who was handling about 6 tables already agreed and said she gets hot. I had asked my mom to ask her if it's always so hot because I went out to the van where my nursing wife was taking care of baby because it was just too miserable to nurse in the restaurant with a cover on. 
Tornado roll was delicious. Jalapeño poppers were delightful. 
Baked green mussells were plain Jane - just had the sauce on top and nothing else, but not bad.
TURN ON THE AC Oishii!!!Love this place! Sushi is great. Staff is extremely friendly. Awesome neighborhood placeLocated in a strip mall on General Degaulle, Oishii sushi is pretty good. Service has always been fast and efficient, and the prices are reasonable.  They have the usual types of rolls and sashimi available at most sushi places , and Oishii's are always fresh and good. This is our go to sushi restaurant in Algiers and have never been disappointed. They also have hibachi and tempura offerings, but we always have the sushi. I don't think you'll be disappointed if you eat here.Sushi is sooo good, highly recommended. One of the best tasting sushi around, be it fully cooked or raw, it's a hidden gem in NOLA.Friendly chefs! The fun part about a Japanese restaurant is talking with the chef at the sushi bar. I always order chiraishi or sashimi whenever checking out a new Japanese restaurant and it was great! Small but cozy place.The sushi was delicious. The spicy tuna roll was so good and the spicy mayonnaise was perfect. The service was good too. It was really hot in the restaurant, so we ate quickly and left.The speciality rolls were delicious! The order was quickly made and the staff members were accommodating! We were visiting but would definitely return when in NOLA again.Staff was very friendly and attentive. The sushi here is so amazing. I had the one with the crawfish in it and it tasted really fresh.It's OK. Not the greatest, but also not the worst.
Disclaimer:
Keep in mind that I am a very hard grader. 
I have traveled & tasted many different foods to street food, formal dining, mom pop shops, you name it. I understood after some time the culture of food. 
Indeed I am a cultured man.( not tooting my own horn) the reason I say this, there are those out there that do not understand food but only to criticize based on the food not tasting to their own tastes.
Establishments & cooks have an idea of how their food should taste & to be enjoyed. Then there are foods that should be enjoyed as from their origins, not to he recreated and blaspheme to bits mixing it with odds & ends. 
If you are like this then please do not read any further as my reviews are objective (true facts and data) & not subjective (personal emotions). There are already too many opinions in the world, do not add & trash it further with anymore nonsense.
I don't eat out a lot and usually able to create what establishments make right at home. BUT I am willing to support local businesses & give them a shot. No discriminating against anything PERIOD. I come there for the food, service, and hospitality.
Covid disclaimer:
Covid or not, goods & services should be at optimal performance or if not, better due to the increase of attention to detail. 
"Covid charges" are a huge ripoff and BS. Stop using excuses to charge people more for no reason. It's pandemic, everybody is hurting & hiring.
Location:
Place was very hard to get to... end of Gen de Gaulle. Tucked at the end of the shopping strip. ORLEANS PARISH..  nothing more to say there,  just be careful of driving as there's no law in Orleans parish with speeding or crime. 
Other than that,  if you live near there then it's absolutely great instead of going far,  but not good for those seeking out newer places to try. 
Dine-in:
Quiet atmosphere, dim lit, ambient type of setting. Place was CLEAN & did not have an odor. Waiter was friendly, quick to take orders. If there were questions they were quick to have an answer.
Prices:
Prices were FAIR. Eveything I studied on the menus were fairly priced vs food ratio. Too many times there are instances where the establishment take advantage & gouge the prices. Here they are fair. If there are changes they let you know IN ADVANCE before you order & get a surprise to the check you were not anticipating.
ROLLS:
The rolls were wrapped tightly, and fillings were of adequate amount. Nothing was falling out. No thing out of the ordinary, just typical rolls. (And yes, you can fuck it up. I have seen the horror & it wasn't pretty).
Each individual roll had its own flavor. If you have been to many other different places, some of them will make everything taste the same.. with same toppings same ponzu or mayo sauce.. ridiculous. If I wanted that I would go to a buffet and have it there. Here, they did a proper job of making them have their own individual taste.
Taste-wise :
I would have to say it's ok. (Each person has an idea of how it would taste..) Not terrible nor did I achieve a breakthrough epiphany and saw nirvana. When done eating, you will get a feeling of fullness but not satisfying. In a sense, there was a sweetspot that was left to be desired.
Texture:
The rolls were soft. Fillings were indeed fresh and not pre prepped. (Absolute no-no for sushi restaurants, only some items that need refrigeration and serious prep times). Some places overcook or undercooked the sushi rice or wet the seaweed wrap to the point of disintegration.
Enough "binding" (lookup if you need to know when making sushi) was used when wrapping rolls. 
Sashimi was soft & firm holding its natural characteristics, but of lower quality than other places that source out higher tier ingredients = hence the fair pricing. Flavor overall from sashimi was adequate.
Overall:
If you wanted to get lunch and needed this fix. No problem it's the right place for you.
Final disclaimer:
This review was accurate to first-hand factual data & all honesty. No emotions were used or abused when creating this review. 
I hope this review helps those that may be eyeing this place but have their second thoughts. 
Also, I hope this helps when reviewers are writing their reviews to accurately and honestly describe their experiences in future visits.
This review was supposed to be longer but was restricted to word cap.
I hate reading GARBAGE. 
(i.e., esp. the ones who write in a manner of their speech. "You write like how you talk!")This Sushi spot is a hidden gem in Algiers. We have frequented here for both take out and eat in and have NEVER been disappointed. The sushi is always fresh and tasty, the other food is seasoned well and served hot. The staff is attentive and friendly, and always able to give some assistance. If you live on the West Bank this should become a staple for Sushi lovers!I would have never found this place if it wasn't for Yelp! And my fellow reviewers, you have not disappointed me once again. 
This place has so much on their menu and everything we ordered was SO different (you know how it goes, just like Mexican food is all the same ingredients prepared differently, they say it's the same with sushi places, but not here!)! Prices were pretty bomb too for the portion size! Every item was fresh! How have we missed this place all these years?! 
Dishes: 
1. Hamachi Kama --- probably the largest portion and most reasonably priced in the whole surrounding New Orleans area. Juicy, hot, and not over cooked. I'd come here over and over just for this. 
2. 6 brothers --- neat little "riceless" roll with crabmeat topped with different types of roe (fish eggs). Total flavor burst in your mouth!!!!
3. Okinawa --- reminds me of tennou's sexiest man roll. A gumbo of raw and cooked fish with shrimp tempura, topped with all kinds of stuff including mango and a plethora of sauces. The roll is HUGE. This is probably equivalent to two rolls anywhere else 
4. The raw sushi dish - white fish was DELISH* but all were pretty dang cold and good 
I am very impressed by this place and will be back for sure!Quick service and good healthy option. I love their Geisha Roll it's good for those looking for sushi with no rice.Followed my fellow Yelpers and they didn't steer me wrong. You can see from the pics that i tried a few things, and everything was delicious! This is my new go to spot for sushi. The people here addres extremely nice and you can tell they care about the quality of their food. 
Stop on in and show some love!This is a place that is tucked away and almost hidden from sight. The few times that we have been, they have not been crowded. The service is great and the food is very good. Last night, we started with the Tuna Tataki which was pretty good. The portion was small and it was relatively flavor free. I then had a seaweed salad which was so tasty. I ordered a few rolls including the LSU roll which was very good. The portion was huge. My husband ordered the chicken teriyaki plate that came with a sushi roll. He said it was very good. We could not eat everything we had ordered and we should have ordered less. We will definitely go back.Wonderful hidden sushi restaurant. My family have lived here in the area for 34+ years and never knew it was here. Really great food and extremely affordable. Was pleasantly surprised. Will return. A+We stopped by for lunch to give the new place a try. The decorations are fairly bare-bones but the place was clean and tidy. Getting to the main event... Sushi.
We had some raw fish as well as sushi rolls. The Escolar was very tasty with maybe a little bit too much seasoning on it. The role I had could have been a meal all to itself.
I did not have a 'out of body'... 'Oh my god this is amazing' sushi experience, however for a great place to stop by on the West Bank it is a five star.We recently moved from Uptown New Orleans to the West Bank and have been searching for our new sushi spot here. We found it. This place is fantastic. Get the LSU roll. Phenomenal.I decided to try Oishii Sushi House on a whim when I was searching for sushi spots near my house. I've gotten takeout from here twice. I have to admit it's not my favorite sushi on the Westbank, but I do like it and would order from here again to try different menu items. The prices are fair and the rolls are large, so I do think you get your money's worth. The Okinawa roll is my favorite that I've tried so far and their Hamachi Kama is great for sharing!My go to sushi spot when I'm craving sushi super close on the Westbank. The service is great, and owners are very nice. On the outside, this place may seem a little sketchy, but it's definitely a hole in the wall for me. I usually order the baked green muscles, LSU roll/Okinawa roll, some small basic rolls, and the poppers. I've dined in very few times, it's usually less than half full, so take out is my go to. The fish is great, sauces are paired very well with their rolls and they have never gotten my order wrong. Support your local businesses!