This and every other Olive Branch that may or may not exist is worth your time and your credit card.  Everything on the menu is worth trying, and they have the best pizza on the Westbank.Best pizza around, I am so glad we finally tried this place.  Food is always very good and staff always friendly.  The pesto bites are amazing!Food is amazing and service was great. It is also not as expensive as other places. They make you feel at home.Not much else in Algiers except for DiMartino's (yuck) or chain restaurants, so this is definitely the best choice for a bite. 
It's a small restaurant located in front of a strip mall, so the decor is nothing special or fancy, but its very comfortable and the staff was quick and friendly. Great lunch specials - you can get an individual pizza and a big salad for $10 and its absolutely delicious.Love this place!!! Pasta here is to die for.
 Nice and hot, very well seasoned. Ask for Ashely she is super nice.  Make sure u try the eggplant pasta..Ok food. Have had better. Not worth the price compared to others. Probably won't go back.The delivery service is terrible. I made an order and only part of it showed up.  And when I called to try and get the rest of my order I was treated incredibly rudely. The customer service is incredibly sub par. Don't order delivery from here. Ever.Not a fan. Pizza is ok.  Atmosphere a bit dreary. Prices are good.The shrimp and artichoke pasta was very tasty along with the citrus salad. I like the choice when ordering on line to have light sauce as a selection. Great value on Monday thru Wednesday buy one get one half off!I adore this location.  Its smaller and out of the way and rarely ever super busy.  The wait staff are fast and friendly.  The atmosphere is just like the others have said, homey and cozy.  Good place for a conversation.
The quality is like the rest of the locations, very good!  I love their pizza and the soup of the days...can never go wrong with them.
I havent been in the evenings on a cooler night yet but would like to eat in the outside patio part one time.First off, they DELIVER! This is a big deal in Algiers, where you are basically limited to Papa John's, Domino's, or a Chinese place in Gretna if you don't feel like getting out of your pjs and into the car. Also, they are FAST...they usually estimate 45 minutes but it typically ends up being closer to 30. And the food is always piping hot, not "this is going straight to the microwave" lukewarm. 
I love their pasta dishes! When I am having a carb attack, the Becky's Pasta and Shrimp Carnival hit the spot. Add the cheesy breadsticks too, so worth it. The pizza is also delicious. It feels good to support a local, quality, business...thanks, Olive Branch for being my savior on my couch potato nights!!Whenever I'm craving pasta, this restaurant is the first place that comes to mind. I absolutely love their pasta, especially the Cajun Trio Pasta! The portions are pretty large with good amounts of meat and pasta noodles, making the price really worth it. The flavors are dynamic with one another and balanced. It's not too light and it's not too heavy. The garlic bread added along with the pasta just takes it to a whole another level. I highly recommend ordering that side item. The services are so positive and friendly like I never had such a good service when it comes to ordering on the phone until I ordered from them. This restaurant will always be the best pasta restaurant in New Orleans to me.This place is always a go-to spot for me. Just about everything is delicious and I haven't had a bad experience yet regarding the food, the service, or the  restaurant itself. My top favorites are the chicken Alfredo pizza and the spinach dip is one of the best I've tried (and I've had my fair share of spinach dips). It's a small, quaint location and usually doesn't have a wait time to sit down and eat. Service is always friendly. I don't mind coming in to eat or ordering to go because they're pretty quick for carry out orders too. It's definitely a small hidden jewel, I would miss it if I ever left.Prompt & friendly service. Although the side salad costs a bit extra, it's worth the added expense; you get your choice of any specialty salad.
Wheat pasta is available upon request.
They don't serve alcohol, bring your own without a corkage fee.This place is excellent! I've always had a great dish, and I've always left the place stuffed to the gills. 
The spinach cannoli is awesome- I get it with red sauce instead of Alfredo and it's perfect with a salad for lunch. 
This cafe has THE BEST Caesar salad; I really want the recipe (actual anchovies used). Get a large with extra dressing and share it with 4 people!!!
Pizzas are always mouthwatering, but I must say. Pepperoni pizza is boring everywhere except here! It's cheesy and full of pepperoni underneath the cheese! Our other fave is the Chicken Alfredo pizza- we always add garlic (they are very friendly when it comes to little changes). Get it with jalapeños on the side! So delish!
Friendly staff, awesome food- I never waited long for our lunch or dinner, even when they were busy. What more can you ask for? The jewel of Algiers!Great food, friendly staff! Dining room fills up at lunchtime so get there early!My go to in Algiers for great food..Always fresh and delivery is fast and food always hot...Great Job..If you can't find something you like here there is something wrong with you. I go for the pastas some go for the pizzas. Soups are great. Also good take out place if you are in the area.Food is amazing and I definitely recommend the cheeseburger canoli listed on the specials board it is absolutely mouth watering and can't wait to get another one. My Shrimp carnival pasta was perfectly cooked and seasoned. My favorite items and recommend for sure.This is a tiny little restaurant on General Degaulle.   I went in at 11:08 on a Thursday, and was not sure what to make of the restaurant.  It's clean, but a bit run down.  I was the only person in the restaurant.  I was greeted by a super nice guy and asked for the takeout menu, and how long it would take.  His answer was an acceptable 5 to 12 minutes, so I figured "Why not?"
I ordered a citrus chicken wrap and pasta salad. He brought me some tea in a to- go cup and there was a fresh slice of lemon in it. The tea was fresh and yummy.   I watched the server and he stayed busy straightening up and I didn't see him play on his phone even one time. Within minutes, my order was ready. He brought it to me at my table and I was out the door, thinking that I was glad that I had tipped him on the check.  
I couldn't resist sneaking a peek when I got in my car. Despite being momentarily distracted by the group of well-dressed firemen who were exiting the credit union that shares the parking lot, I was redirected to the dish in my lap by the delicious smell.  If you have ever ordered a meal because of the picture on the menu, you know how it feels to be disappointed when the actual order looks like a pile of food a 5th grader threw together. 
I was NOT disappointed.  The wrap was beautiful, even prettier than the picture.  They even took the time to put the pasta salad in a Styrofoam container with a lid, to keep the contents from spilling and to keep it cool. (Personally I despise when side items slosh all over the other parts of a meal.)
So I took a bite. And I was shocked by how well the flavors came together.  I actually took 3 bites before I left the lot. (like the little pig I am) As I drove to work I couldn't stop thinking about it, and ended eating half of the wrap on my way to work! The second half was as good as the first, and I can't wait to try more things on the menu.Just tried a wonderful selection of pizza options using their half and half capabilities.  The Hawaiian,  the spinach and artichoke,  Cajun trio,  and chicken alfredo pizzas are excellent!  The Alfredo is great as a sauce base or for dipping your bread sticks into, and the crust is just the perfect texture for delivering the generous toppings to your mouth.  Definitely going to make this our go to pizza provider :) 
Also our server Jena was an absolute pleasure,  super warm,  friendly,  and prompt with her service :)The food at Olive Branch is good.  I like their soup and pizza.  They did change their meatballs and I do not like the new ones.  I don't know why they changed the meatballs, they used to taste homemade and very meaty.  The new ones are small and are obviously frozen.  Prices aren't bad for the portion except for the pizza which can be quite high.We are visiting Algiers Point and have no vehicle. We found out Olive Branch Cafe delivers to where we are. We ordered a large pizza and a bottle of water.
The driver handed us the pizza and was taking off. I asked about the water and he had forgotten. Like I mentioned we have no vehicle, are staying in Algiers point where there are no stores, and have nothing left to drink. He acted like it would be a big deal to go back and get our water, so I told him never mind.
The sauce, cheese, and toppings were good, but the dough tasted too much like bread. Because of that, and the water, the best I can give is 3 stars.Our favorite go-to spot for takeout. this place is local in Algiers, it looks decent on the outside & inside but it's definite the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow! Good service & friendly staff. Whenever my sister & i can't decide on what to eat, we always go for pasta.  Our favorite is the shrimp carnival pasta & cajun trio & chicken alfredo. since most pasta spots are way too far, Olive Branch is the place to go. they have the 2 entrees for $22 and ours came w/ a mini cheese pizza or cheese bread, as they call it. 5 stars for us!!!This place was a joke. We arrived with three small children and 5 adults. After getting down and walking in we were informed that they only have one high chair and no booster seat. So we had to leave. I mean seriously, get your s**t together.I love this place! They are consistently good...seriously delicious every time. Never skimp on the toppings of of their pizzas and the Pasta Jambalaya is the bomb.This was my fourth visit & I finally decided to post a review. Each visit has been just as good as this one. Our food was delicious, service was great & loved the no-rush atmosphere! Our server was Sebastian, he was very knowledgable & attentive. They don't serve alcohol, but allow you to bring your own wine w/out charging a corkage fee!! This has become one of my favorites places! :)It was Mother's Day and we needed a find meal and by George we got one at the Oliver branch first off I got the spaghetti and meatballs we got three salads one being the Greek one a house salad and a Cobb salad. Everything was delicious also got a lasagna again extremely good plus the spinach and artichoke cannoli and plus the Olive Branch cannoli which consisted of pepperoni and red onions. I love this place and it was one of the best pizza I've eaten in a long time tooVisiting from NASHVILLE, had stopped here last visit as we were staying in Algiers. HAD to come back for the Bread Pudding! The best Ever! The pizza is also excellent. We will always come here when in NOLA.I really love the food and the staff is always super friendly. Salads are always very fresh. They have the best Corn and Crab Bisque, definitely would suggest it. They also deliver, which is something we do alot. Would definitely recommend to try it out.First time trying this place out with my sister. Great food and service, staff are very kind. Would definitely return.This restaurant is right by my house so we order from here every once in a while.  A few months ago I would have given them 4 stars because they had the best meatballs & spaghetti I've ever had.  The last time I went here they changed the meatballs.  Not a wise choice in my opinion.  They do have great pizza!nice place to eat. not a huge fancy place but great food & service and pretty good prices.The pizza and salad at the Olive Branch Cafe is delicious! We brought a group of 86 people in from Dallas and needed to be flexible on our pick time. Service was wonderful, flexible and even with a time change. Our pizza was hot and fresh! The vegetables were fresh and crisp. We even had a special request due to allergies and they were very happy to accommodate! I would highly recommend using the Olive Branch Cafe for a large group order!All I have to say is GIVE IT A TRY! It may not look to appealing on the outside, but once you shovel one of their creamy pastas or the chicken quesadillas in your mouth, you'll crave Olive Branch Cafe for eternity! I've tried the jambalaya pasta, chicken alfredo, shrimp carnival, and two more that I can not remember at the moment and they all are soooo delicious! Please, give Olive Branch a try. A pasta lover's oasis!!!!!Starters: Savory Cannoli - super good! Entree: I got the Classic Lasagna. :)  The red sauce is sweet but not overly so. Everything tasted so fresh. Can't wait to come back!Went in today with my Boyfriend to celebrate his Birthday and too see our good friend that works there Jen. We received exceptional service and the quality and amount of food we received was exceptional as well. Overall we both enjoyed our experience there and can't wait to go back again. Thank you Jen:)Food is always hot and the delivery service is ultra convenient when you work alot.  I recommend the chicken parm!So good!  I'm disappointed we never it before!  Small place with great food and great service!  Lasagna is delicious!!This place is great!!!  Pizza was wonderful.   Paste dishes was great.  We will be coming back.  Make our trip to new Orleans great.  Also, our service and the young lady who took care of use was great.  Had a wonderful dinner!!!!We've been here a handful of times, usually when we have a deal from Living Social or we just don't feel like cooking.
The atmosphere is not very exciting, but it's a clean local restaurant and we like keeping our money as local as possible. The service is spot on, no complaints there, always a friendly staff!  
The food is fine, we usually order a pasta dish that gives us enough food for leftovers - always nice.  The spinach artichoke dip is yummy and I would go back just for that!
I think one of the other reviews mentioned that there are not many local places in Algiers, mostly chain restaurants.  Olive Branch is decent, not fine dining, but for a quick meal, it's not bad and it looks to be kid friendly (we have not brought any children here)I have tried several things on the menu and i haven't been disappointed yet... All of the pastas are excellent, seriously.. The staff is always pleasant, even this one time, I called a few minutes before closing time to make a to-go order amd they were still polite and helpful. So, if you like good Italian food and good service you should check this place out..The only place in Algiers to get a pizza that's not frozen or from a chain, so I give them props for that and the selection of toppings that are fresh.  Pasta dishes are good, but not great, with fairly large portions that come with a small garlic bread pizza as a side.  Friendly staff, small dining room, quick pickup of take out orders.
We used to eat here much more often when they provided delivery service - wish they would bring that back.
EDIT:  Delivery service has now returned!!My friend was craving pizza. I was already at a business in the same parking lot and it was lunch time. It was convenient to where I was at the time and served what he was looking for.  I decided to get the pizza as well. I thought nearly $20 for a personal 8" and a small 10" was a little expensive.  Especially since it wasn't that great. The sauce is really good. Not enough cheese. I should've gotten extra I suppose. Given that I am a transplant from the north, I haven't found any place in New Orleans that has been able to satisfy me where pizza is concerned.  You should take that into consideration when you order. We may not share the same standards in pizza.  I would go back but wouldn't get the pizza.A quaint local Italian restaurant with varied menu and New Orleans hospitality.  Some of the dishes, such as the Shrimp Carnival pasta, even has a little Cajun flair.  Service can be kinda slow, so expect to wait awhile for your dishes.  Also, most of the food that we've tried from here is good, but nothing mind-blowing.Always good pizza, but chicken Caesar salad was AMAZING. Fresh taste from scratch right in the neighborhoodLove me some Olive Branch. Their lunch special is amazing for the price and I'd pay more for it.  Pizza is hands down better than the chains and I'm so in love with the meatball sub. Over the top. I get them to deliver when the spirit moves me and have never been disappointed.Really love the spinach and artichoke Calzones, and the soups, made fresh and in-house.  Great ingredients make the difference. One of the gems of the Westbank.  Come here not just for Pizza, but if you are in the mood for pizza, you won't be disappointed.I've been here for over three years and I've never been to this joint. Last night my buddy and I decided to try it out and let me tell you, they exceeded our expectations!
It's a chill environment and it's got this mellow 'don't worry be happy' vibe to it. The staff were nothing short of professional and the food. The food was delish!  
My buddy had the meaty pizza (I think that's what it was called) and I had the carnival shrimp (TO DIE FOR!!). Highly recommended and I am definitely coming here a thousand times before I leave.Surprisingly Fantastic Pizza! I didn't know what to expect from it's humble atmosphere and location but I ordered a regular pepperoni and a margarita for a group and they were both a huge hit. The pepperoni had such a great amount of cheese on there without asking for extra cheese :) the sauce on both pizzas were full of flavor.We ordered pizza and a pasta dish. The food was amazing. My wife made me tip extra because how impressed she was. 
The cafe is cute and wish it had some interior design work. I would have given 5 star. The waitress was very nice and was knowledgeable on the menu.I've been to both the location in Algiers on General DeGaulle and the location in Marrero on Barataria Blvd on multiple occasions.  I prefer the Algiers location cause it's smaller and cozier, but that's the only difference.  There's no difference in the quality of the food or in the service from one location to the other.  They're both quality restaurants.
Very good pizzas, salads and calzones.   I've only had one of their wraps, but it was good.  I was looking for something on the lighter side, and it did it's job without being bland and tasteless.  The appetizers are all good.  Nothing spectacular.  Standard appetizers for this type of restaurant, but they do the job of tiding you over until your entree comes out.  I have always found everything to be well made and tasty.  Service is usually pretty good.
We kept trying to go for lunch on Sunday forgetting that they're not open on Sunday.  This is a little pet peeve of mine as far as restaurants go.  I just think places should be open on Sunday for people like us who work Monday - Friday at a 9-5.  I'd rather you be closed on Monday since I'm at work anyway.  Call me selfish. 
You can give them your email address and they will send you a coupon once a month, on your anniversary (if you've got one) and on your birthday.  They're usually pretty good coupons.
We've brought friends to Olive Branch on several occasions and they always agree - it's a great little place.The Girly NEEDED Italian one night and she remembered passing by this place. We thought it was a second location for the one in the American Can company so figured we would give it a try.
The interior looks like it hasn't been updated since the 50s. The food looks about the same.
The Girly got the pizza and I got wings (Cus I does not like de red sauces stuff).
Neither of us liked the food. The pizza was tiny and the wings were dry enough to grind down into a shiv.
Would recommend to convicts who need a fast weapon.
Would not recommend to anyone else.The other night I was having a pasta craving and after enjoying the spicy cajun trio pasta at the Marrero location, I decided to get the same thing here in "take out" form.
First of all, it was really convenient to be able to place my order online. My food was ready in about 15 minutes and I was able to pick it up as soon as I got there. When I got the food home and started to eat it, something was off. It wasn't spicy AT ALL. Did they forget to add "spice" to the spicy cajun trio? Also, there wasn't nearly as much cheese as there was on the previous version I had, which was disappointing. Other than that, the dish was pretty good and there was plenty enough for two people (not that I was sharing. ha).
I'll probably go back here and just chalk up the lack of spice and cheese to some kind of fluke.This is one of my favorite lunch spots when in he area. It's probably a little more than most people want to pay, but the servings are large. I usually take the left overs for lunch the next day at work. The garlic cheese bread is worth he $1.99 to complete my "two lunches". Place is clean, staff friendly, and great deals every day, like BOGO half off pizza, dine in or take out.The pizza at Olive Branch Cafe is consistently amazing. We order from them weekly and I have never been disappointed.  Their lasagna and caesar salads are amazing too.  They have a crab and corn bisque that is also fantastic. The pizzas are amazing as well, it's the best in algiers (Moe's is the best one the west bank though!) 
Sign up for their email list and you will get regular coupons and discounts.  I got $5 off a $20 order for my birthday and a 2 for 1 entree for our anniversary.  
Not open on Sundays, my only complaint!The shrimp and corn bisque was very good! My friend and I also shared the spinach and artichoke pizza. It was pretty good but I feel like it could use a little more flavor.. I ordered a side caesar salad based on reviews and that they make their own dressing. I didn't care for it, didn't taste like caesar at all to me.. Would still try againHad an awesome lunch. Terrific gumbo with just the right kick of spicy deliciousness. Staff was super friendly & gave me a little sample of the shrimp & corn chowder & it was stinking fantastic. I know what I'll have next time & there will be a next time.Ordered some carry out. The spinach and artichoke pizza was pretty good. They used some good sized artichokes. The choice to do a small kids pizza size was a very nice selling point. Ordered the jambalaya pasta. That was a great flavor of NOLA but still Italian. The meats weren't overlooked which was my worry. The service over the phone was a little worry some because I had a question at the end of my order and they hung up.Sorry to say this was only the first visit to this restaurant- so many wasted years on the Westbank not going!  It was clean (including the bathrooms), service was quick and with a smile, the food was bangin', and the price for what we got was more than a deal.  You won't regret choosing this place.Have now eaten here twice and gotten sick twice. Both times I order soup and salad. I don't know if it's the salad not being washed/stored properly or if it's the seafood being rotten or not stored cooked properly. Either way I will not waste another dime in this establishment. My girlfriend ate their last night and has been up for hours now throwing up. She had seafood bisque and shrimp salad. Will be complaining to the health board. Numerous friends I know have also gotten sick there for the same reasons. I don't usually do this but I'm trying to get them to understand that improper storage or heating of foods is unsafe and harmful to their customers.Great little pizza place. Very good. Best part was the service. There was a slight mess up on our order, nothing major, and when we casually mentioned it they insisted on making us free pizzas with the correct topping. This is how you treat your customers!The catering is excellent, the staff are friendly, the management has integrity.  Tons of "garlic bread" (really cheese pizza on garlic bread); the crawfish Alfredo is amazing.  Love it.A Gem in Algiers! It's a smaller restaurant but it has a cozy, home-like feel to it. We entered the restaurant and was greeted happily by the host who told us to sit anywhere. My brother and I decided on the cannoli's for an appetizer. We were surprised that the cannoli appetizer that we ordered was one singular cannoli cut in half. It was great so we weren't worried about the size. Afterwards we received "garlic bread" which looked very similar to a pizza but nobody was complaining about that lol. I really do love the uniqueness of the "garlic bread" I haven't seen a place do something like that before. 
My brother ordered a rigatoni dish and I ordered crawfish, chicken, and sausage pasta. Let me tell you that my pasta was HUGE! I had to bring most of it home and it was thebomb.com. I was very jealous of my brother's rigatoni however, it was creamy, melty, "fluffy" (as my brother described it), and crunchy (the burnt cheese edges added so much more texture to the dish). But we couldn't let it all end there!
Dessert, Oh how I look forward to eating you before the appetizer! We perused the dessert menu and noticed that they had bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream for 5.95 (WHAT A STEAL!!). We both decided to get bread pudding. The servings are BIG like I had to scarf the rest of mine down (while enjoying every minute of it nonetheless) and my brother took the other slice of bread pudding home with us. 
All in all I WILL be going back there now that I know the quality of food that they serve. They also deliver if nobody wants to leave the house lol.My horsey NEEDED Italian one night, luckily, I knew about this little shin-dig on the outskirts of town. So I saddle up and we ride on down to the ole olive branch.
now, they didn't let my horsey inside, but they were more'n helpful when it came to serving us in the parking lot. as i've said before " i don't go anywheres that my pony can't also go". I had the the bbq chicken pizza, since i'm an ol' cowpoke and i get down like that, and the horsey had the caesar salad since she don't like de red sauces stuff. as for my pizza, it was one of the best examples of the dish that i have ever encountered and believe-you-fuckin-me i have had plenty. as far as the salad is concerned: I should have tried it before i fed it all to this fuckin' horse. not a problem, though, cause i'm sure to be back to this place a few more times.
The End.Delivery is always fast and the food is always super hot and delicious. Huge portions and very friendly staffI always get delivery to my work. I wasn't too impressed with the sandwiches, very small with hardly anything thing on it. Everything I've had is amazing though.I love olive branch! Their food is always fresh and I appreciate that they deliver. However their prices on extras are starting to get a little crazy. Just ordered a side of ranch that cost $3 and got 2oz....that seems a little extreme to me. Will I go back....if course....will order extras....no way!This place hits the spot for pizza and pasta in the Wank. 
I remember going one Sunday and there's a special of some sort. Maybe BOGO pizza or BOGO 1/2off. That's a definite steal either way. They let you do half and half pizzas here and it doesn't have to be the same sauce. I really like that because I prefer white sauce while the significant other enjoys marinara. 
The pastas are good too! I've had the jambalaya inspired one and it was on point. I've also had the Cajun (?) one. The pastas have more meat than pasta and the mister wonders how they make a living that way. 
I've had meh service but this isn't fine dining so I don't expect to be waited on hand and foot. Just make sure my drink isn't empty and I'm satisfied.Best pizza on the West Bank, by far and THEY DELIVER! Anyone who lives in my neck of the woods knows that our pizza choices are limited. When it comes to delivery, we are limited to Dominoes and Papa Johns. I have tried at least 3 different pizzas here and they were all good. 
I also highly recommend the pasta. The Cajun Trio, Becky's Pasta and Meatballs and Spaghetti to name just a few. My review would not be complete without talking about the perfectly prepared and baked calzones - probably one of the best I have ever had. The service is always Excellent!!
This place is a true gem. Enjoy and bonne appetite!!This was my fourth visit & I finally decided to post a review. Each visit has been just as good as this one. Our food was delicious, service was great & loved the no-rush atmosphere! Our server was Sebastian, he was very knowledgable & attentive. They don't serve alcohol, but allow you to bring your own wine w/out charging a corkage fee!! This has become one of my favorite places! :)If I'm craving for pizza or Alfredo this is where I go for the westbank area. On Wednesday, their pastas are buy one get one half off. I'm usually ordering take out from here and staff are always so friendly when taking my order. The portion of food is a pretty good size. The pasta dishes can be overly sauce sometimes so I usually order lite sauce but other than that they are always seasoned perfectly. Pastas aren't over or undercooked. Easy place to find with their own parking area.It's a nice place to get some quick good food. I had the mancotti crawfish pasta. Which came with a little pizza. I'm eating it right now..and it's amazing. It's so good, I didn't think it would be this good. Quantity could have been more. I think the pasta containers are small... :( but it's really good and the staff is really sweet :)I think this is the best place to get pizza in Algiers. The national chains are ok in a pinch but they just can't measure up. On top of that, they don't sell anything but pizza. OK they do but who really wants that? The Olive Branch serves really good pizza, calzone's (my favorite) and many pasta dishes. They also have a good kids menu and their chicken nuggets are grilled, not fried!!! I love that (and my kids do too.) The portions are a good size, the pizza toppings taste fresh, they bring my kids crayons and paper....it works for us.I like finding good small local cafés and this is one of them! I guess my husband found it first, but I trusted him and found a gem! I had the Mediterranean wrap and I loved it! Warm and even homemade hummus, with a kick...yummy!
I think we may come again and try
Something else!A perfectly delicious but inexpensive Italian meal should not be hard to find in New Orleans and it's not if you find yourself on the West Bank.  What the Olive Branch Cafe lacks in coziness, it more than makes in fresh preparation.  The test of any Italian restaurant has to begin with its red gravy, and the Olive Branch gets a practically perfect score.  The next test is pasta and the Olive Branch gets solid scores there.  Follow that with execution on pizza and other dishes and you have a reliable choice on any night of the week.  Be sure to order the salads and cheese bread; they're worth the modest add-on-price.  All-in-all, you have an affordable choice to add into your regular rotation of restaurant choices.  But what if you're on the East Bank - is it worth the trip across the bridge?  I say yes, without hesitation, provided that you manage expectations about the humble decor.Was on the Westbank around lunch, checked Yelp, and this place popped up so thought I would give it a try. I ordered the classic lasagna, friend ordered pizza with pepperoni and jalapeño peppers. Ordered bread sticks - huge serving of them, not amazing, but solidly good,  seasoned well with generous Parmesan but without being over the top. Marinara dipping sauce was steaming hot. Classic lasagna was very good, good balance of cheese, beef, pasta etc. A little longer under the broiler to brown the cheese a bit more wouldn't hurt, but only a minor complaint. Friends pizza got a good report. Generous portions. Solid B. Would definitely go back.Tonight we had our Algiers One Meet and Eat at this Olive Branch Cafe 
It was awesome, the restaurant did a fantastic job, we must of had 45-50 people show up on top of their regular walk in customers here are some of the pics from tonight's event
 Ou can also see and read about it on Nextdoor Algiers 
Algiers One is all about showing support to our local restaurants, we want them to stay in business and one way is to give them our businessMy fiance and I just moved to Louisiana a couple of months ago. We love to try new places, but the Olive Branch has quickly become our GO-TO for date nights! We love to go on Wednesdays for their pasta deal (buy one get one half off) and to share the Spinach Dip appetizer. Y'all.. This dip is so. dang. good. 
That is also to say that since we've started coming here, we have not ordered one single thing that we haven't liked. Our all time favorites have been the Pasta Jambalaya, Chicken Parmigiana, Combination pizza and their Chicken Caesar wrap! 
Also, the customer service is amazing every time we come. That's always a huge plus!This is my first review ever. The Becky's Pasta and Pesto Bites are on point tonight. DELICIOUS! Love their pizza too.