Came here with a friend. We ordered the crawfish bruschetta, the hibiscus drink, a dirty martini, the flounder and a steak. All of it was wonderful. We took advantage of the nice weather and sat out on the patio. It was lovely with their little heat lamps. Our waiter was great too. It was a $110 for the two of us with all of that but it was worth it.We were staying in the French Quarter, it was pouring rain and the hotel restaurant menu didn't look so great. Using Google maps, we found this place right across the street and it was like a gift from heaven. It's a small wine bistro type place, great service, great food and great atmosphere. Our one regret is that we don't live here to come more often.Highlight of our visit! The crab cakes and lamb chops were our favorite. Also, get the champagne with the edible hibiscus flower. It's delectable. If there's room, eat at the bar with Charlotte. She's a peach!!Great lol wine bar find. Good wine selection. Catch it after a nice dinner in the quarter.Dinner was near perfection. Awesome pepper crusted prime filet mignon, cooked perfectly, with blue cheese melting on top. Wine suggestion was awesome. Bread was fresh out of oven with homemade butter. Had a bowl of seafood gumbo to start, nice dark base to it... And after a bit of their homemade hot sauce was added, was one of my favorite gumbos to date. Small place with great energy. I'll definitely be back.My favorite restaurant in the city!  The filet with the buerre blanc sauce is UNREAL!  The lamb is to die for!  The baked brie app is just awesome!  The wine list is really good too.  It is one of the few restaurants with a really good Pinot Noir selection.  The ambiance is intimate and romantic and the service is wonderful as well!  I could go on and on.Service needs work. DO NOT SIT NEXT TO THE KITCHEN WINDOW. my dini g partner was bobbing and weaving all night because waiters were constantly darting around him. The layout is a lot to be desired. What started out was pleasant enough became. horrifying when flatware from a bus person flew across his table with hardly an apology. 
Food has gone down compared to past visit and the good was overdone. Not on my return list. Too many other choices to waste anyorr time hereGreat as always! Bacon Happy Hour, Pinor Noir and chesse board ( peppadew with honey goat.cheese)A plus. Service superb. Tebecca took really good care of us.  Food was seasoned to perfection. Scallips. Spinach salad  gazpecho.   Cant beat it.  Lovely.Fantastic service, even better wine and cheese. They have freshly baked bread that is to die for. Offer a chocolate cheddar cheese which tastes like chocolate. It is so delicious.My husband and I spent 7 days in New Orleans recently and ate here twice so needless to say we truly enjoyed this charming little spot.  The service and attention to detail were some of the best and the food outstanding, not to mention free BACON during happy hour, no seriously free BACON.  Now I know free bacon sounds weird, quirky and maybe even gross but hey it works!We stopped in for happy hour and shared a bottle of the happy hour white and a bread and cheese board.  Everything was great.  The bar also has an inviting and fun atmosphere that is also not rushed or noisy.  If you like wine, I'd definitely recommend the happy hour here.Top drawer service. Romantic setting in the courtyard and amazingly peaceful that close to Bourbon Street. We had all but given up hope for a decent meal that late on a Sunday evening in the slow season but then..low and behold!!
Gumbo, Medallions of beef where excellent foils for a late evening bite. Wines by the glass selection matched the menu items intelligently. A real stand out was the Oregon Rose from A to Z vineyard.
The server gave great tips on where to go and where to eat in Cajun Country. A real ambassador to New Orleans and Louisiana. We will visit New Orleans again and make sure Orleans Grapevine is a part of the deal.Ron was the best server! After providing great service he did multiple card tricks to our group. Great wine, great service, great happy hour, great atmosphere! Overall, great place to be!!Love their courtyard.  Great wine selection and a fantastic happy hour.Went here for our last night in New Orleans. We sat on the patio. The atmosphere was just right for an intimate dinner. The greenery and fountains made us relaxed and comfortable. 
We had baked Brie as an appetizer with honey and it was absolutely perfect. We ate all of it! For dinner, I ordered the lamb with mashed potatoes and green beans. The lamb was delicious and the mashed potatoes were very good. The green beans were just ok but I didn't have much room for them anyway. I chose the suggested wine pairing for this meal and I think it was a great pairing. 
Our server was very attentive and provided us with great suggestions. Overall, we had a wonderful experience!Went here during my sisters bachelorette party and we all loved it. Adorable decor and many choices for wine. We did not eat here but the food looked great!We were pleasantly surprised to find this spot. We waited a short time to dine in the courtyard, which was lovely & secluded from the crowds on the street. Lights under the table umbrellas and a pretty fountain were a nice touch. We enjoyed the rosemary bacon wrapped scallops and the crab cakes. Both were excellent. Gumbo was pretty good, but not tops. 
The wait staff was excellent. Efficient and friendly, and paid attention to details. We were treated well, though we dined only on appetizers.Came in for a late night bite and had a bunch of lovely small plates. The Brie was delicious as were the BBQ shrimp. The red wine flight was decent but I've had better ones at Whole Foods (of all places).  It's right around the corner from Bourbon street but you wouldn't know it because it was quiet and low-key. Nice little patio out back would be great for when the weather is good.My husband and I stopped here while waiting for a dinner reservation. You never know what to expect just walking into places, but our server was very cheerful, attentive and made sure we were content. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was welcoming. It wasn't a stuffy kind of wine bar. It was laid back.
The courtyard is pretty romantic. It was a bit of a cold and drizzly night, but the umbrellas were large and I didn't feel a drop. There were also heaters to keep us warm. 
The baked brie with garlic sauce was great. I wish I could remember what wines we selected. They were the cheaper varieties, but still fantastic. 
We would definitely visit again.Super cute place.  Went for the bread pudding, drank some non-wine drinks.  Definitely a calm location to escape the crazy that is the French Quarter.So I ate here tonight after not being able to find a different place.  Yelp, once again, did not let me down.
I was able to choose a few wines which they let me taste.  My meal began with a fine salad followed with a fantastic entree - the lamb!
While sitting at the bar, I discovered that most of the people that eat here are from the North (or at least tonight).  The mussels came highly recommended and seemed to be the crowd favorite.  I am glad I ordered the lamb.
This place was surprisingly good and the service was good as well.  Thank you Kaitlin!Excellent service. We had a group of nine and they sat us right away and our food was fast and very good. The cheese boards were beautiful. I split some crab cakes and scallops which were very tasty. The house wines were just ok.Was so excited to spend our last night in a beautiful courtyard in the Quarter. Our server barely came to check in with us. The ambiance was lovely and my friend's dinner was yummy, the beef medallions and Caesar. My amberjack amandine was incredibly dry and the veggies were cold. It was so disappointing. Our server never came to ask us how are meal was, and spent all her time with a bunch of business men sitting behind us. She never asked me if I wanted another glass of wine, and if we wanted dessert. Incredibly disappointing and sad that was our last supper in Nola.Rack of lamb all the way! 
We ordered the BBQ shrimp - amaze balls
Mussels - awesome presentation and broth flavor - we definitely had to ask for more bread for dippingGreat food and atmosphere. Accommodating and friendly staff. Happy to have wandered in here on a cold night- very cozy.This place is awesome.  The staff was very nice.  The chef came out to meet us.  I had the lamb and it was real lamb and not mutton like most places try to pass off as lamb because they are being cheap and it was cooked absolutely perfect.  We also had the cheese board appetizer which was filled with interesting and tasty selections made by the chef as well.  I will be going back as soon as possible.This place is one of our favorite memories in NOLA. We were looking for a cozy more romantic place away from Bourbon Street. This place delivered. Our waitress had a fantastic personality (I wish I could remember her name) Her recommendations where spot on. We started with a bottle of wine off their $25 list it was perfection! We then shared the chef's cheese plate, it was just the right amount of variety.  Our entrees were great as well.
This turned into a special date night just off of bourbon street. 
I can' wait to eat hear again! When your in NOLA, if you enjoy a nice wine bar/bistro, this place will not disappoint!We had an amazing time here during happy hour. We relaxed in the pretty courtyard, enjoying flights of wine, sharing appetizers, and the cheese board. Everything was delicious, the ambiance was chill and classy but not pretentious. Good service, too. Great little place.Great food, great service and warm, inviting ambiance.  Shout out to Carrie Anne for making our dining experience special.Yes as good as it gets!!! great food great service great ambientThey are now measuring wine by the glass with a little carafe  thing, so disappointing. A little stuffy compared to the past. Still a cool place with great service just could not believe they turned so cheap on the pours of wine.We travel to NOLA every year. This wine bar is cozy and the food is very good. But the best part is Gerald (new manager). We used to visit Gerald every year at Margaritaville but were thrilled to find him at Grapevine. He is conscientious and knowledgeable and treats customers great. Being from the Finger Lakes (wine) region of New York State, we'd love to see some of our wines on the menu (hint, hint)! We look forward to visiting again next year. When you go, ask Ron to play the piano!We stopped in for dinner around 8pm. We missed a happy hour and flights of wine but that's ok. We ordered a pretty fairly priced bottle of merlot and sat in the courtyard. Our waiter, Jason, took our order for a cheese plate as the appetizer. The food runner brought it out without an explanation of the cheeses... the plate looked nice but it was lacking cheese labels. Both of these would've been very helpful for me since I have a tree nut allergy. I tried a dark brown cheese which could've passed for pate(?). LUCKILY, I didn't experience anaphylaxis as I have before with the most minute tree nut ingredients. So I asked Jason about the cheeses, told him about my allergy and he said he couldn't believe the food runner neglected to explain the plate and he asked what he should expect with my potential reaction. I explained that I seemed ok. And I was which was a relief! I stayed away from that cheese...
We continued to enjoy ourselves in the courtyard minus the nut incident until I saw what another table confirmed, was a rat. Yep, it ran like Ratatouille across the courtyard under our table towards the kitchen. Umm, is that normal for your business? 
I put my feet up on the empty chair next to me. We ordered dinner and it was good! I had steak medallions and goat cheese salad. Hubs had a crab cakes and liked them too! Dinner progressed and I saw several roaches. Ok, now I'm pretty grossed out.
I've been to a lot of places but I've yet to see a live rat and cockroaches in a restaurant. So I asked Jason about the dining environment in the French Quarter. He played it off like it was an expected and normal occurrence for the whole FQ to have rats and roaches... I'm only visiting so I don't know if he was pulling our leg or telling us the truth. We are close to the river and the area is old so maybe these rodents are common? 
Jason felt badly about our experience and offered to buy us dessert and coffee. We thanked him and said no thanks since we were ready to leave the courtyard and rodents. I told him I'd be Yelping the experience. He said ok, others would understand about the rodents. Do they? 
The food was good. The ambience was nice. Well, if you read this far, I'm sure you can make an educated decision about whether or not to eat here and in the courtyard.We love love love the Grapevine. First of all, they have an awesome patio. In the midst of busy New Orleans, this is such a respite. Secondly, their wine list is great. Extremely extensive yet it fits every budget. Then, to top it off, their service is awesome. The waitresses make you feel like you have all the time in the world to sit and relax. This has and continues to be one of our go-to stops when we visit the city. Can't wait to back...Great meal, even with the kids in tow. Kitchen made a special kid friendly meal for them. Amazing wine selection..AMAZING!!!! 
My husband and I had stumbled on this gem when we were here in April. At that time we were just looking for a quick bite and saw the little bistro tables outside and gave it a try. Boy were we not disappointed! So when we went back to NOLA this past week we thought we would give it another try! Imagine our surprise to find out they have a BACON yes BACON happy hour and a quaint courtyard! We chose to sit in the courtyard because it was a beautiful night. Our waitress Hannah was amazing! Very knowledgable and friendly without being intrusive! We opted to have 3 appetizers and a dessert instead of dinner. We each also had a flight of wine. What a fantastic way to try different wines! Hannah listened to our preferences and made her suggestions! She was spot on! We chose the boudin which was served with an apple jelly sauce and a grainy mustard for dipping. The boudin was seasoned well and paired well with the accompaniments. The crab cakes were moist and had a delicate crab flavor....not too fishy but the best of the best was the bacon wrapped scallops served over wild rice with a wine reduction....talk about heaven on a fork! I'm not a big fan of scallops but I would eat these EVERY night! You must try them when you go! We closed out our evening with the white chocolate bread budding and french pressed coffee. The bread pudding was decadent! The perfect end to our meal! I can't say enough about this place except we will be back! If you are looking for a relaxed dining experience with fabulous food then this is the place for you!In a week-long vacation, this restaurant was the best out of a long list of staple New Orleans' restaurants (Tujaque's, Napoleon House, Felix's, Galatoire's, Red Fish Grill and Antoine's). The courtyard ambiance, balance and flavor of every dish tried, service and value was extraordinary! Best bread pudding in Nola!  A true gem in the heart of the French Quarter!We visited this place a few years ago and I fell in love with the location and atmosphere but this time we got there too late and couldn't enjoy the food or the drinks. All they offered was bacon and drinks. The staff was not that attentive or friendly. I guess it had a lot to do with them closing soon.I will be back!  Our food, service and atmosphere was great.  Thought we were popping in for  a small bite to eat and a glass of wine but ended up staying a lot longer.  First visit there  and had no complaints.  This will be one of my regular stops when I visit.AM...BI...ANCE!
This place has what it takes to create a chill/romantic atmosphere with some delicious food. A piano player will serenade you as you dine/drink. They make an enticing Moscow Mule! Try it!We were down there for French Quarter Festival and decided to roll in and grab a couple orders of their Steamed Mussels.  BOOM? BAM?  Whatever it was that Emeril used to say deserves to be repeated for this dish.  If you like Mussels, steamed and doused in crab meat, then this dish is for you.  The dish is $15 and is the best value in the Quarter for what you get.  Add a wine flight to that during happy hour, and you have a phenomenal meal that can compete with anyone in the Quarter in quality and outshines everyone with value.
The French Bread is amazing, they serve it with some type of honey butter and absorbs the Mussel broth perfectly.  
Also, they have Bacon Happy Hour....Yes. Bacon.  
This place is a gem in the Quarter and deserves more attention.  Molly has been our server three times and she is a great person and always makes sure that you are having a great experience.  I highly recommend this place and know that you will not be disappointed in the dish recommended or the service.Each year when we visit this beautiful city we pretty much eat our way through it.  We always save one night for dinner here!  You walk through the doors and you forget that you are only a few steps away from Bourbon St.  Feels like a bistro and puts out some very fine sauces accompanying well prepared and great quality food.  The bread the wine and the staff are all fantastic!  Can't wait for our visit in September!No complaints but pricier than expected and probably not worth the overall value.  Friendly service at the bar and an interesting group of patrons (as with most places in the Quarter) including a magician who was doing tricks at the bar.This is a true gem in the French Quarter! It boasts an awesome Happy Hour with FREE bacon...yes I said FREE BACON! The staff is friendly and attentive (we love Stephanie) and the intimate courtyard is amazing! There are lots of local favorites on the menu including Barbecue Shrimp but by far the star for me is the cheese board with rotating selections that are always delicious. I'm also in love with the daily "butters" that accompany complimentary fresh warm French loaves. Half price bottles of house wines during Happy Hour is the icing on the cake!Great atmosphere!  Very friendly waiters!  Loved gumbo of the day but would ask for rice on the side.  Mussels were ok!  Rather them more cooked.  Hub had pork chop and just a little tough.  Would go back!!Delicious food. They had a menu of "small fares" which was perfect for a group of women who want dessert!  Top notch wine and dessert.Everything was EXCELLENT.  The service was amazing.  Ron, our server suggested a wonderful wine which worked with each of our meals.  The trout with crab was perfectly cooked, as was the lamb.  We will return here every time I am I New Orleans.This place is more than wine! Best Lemon Drop in the city ask for sunshine promise you won't be disappointedWe visited this restaurant while walking down Bourbon Street looking for somewhere quiet with a clean restroom to sit down and rest for dinner. It was a truly welcome surprise to happen upon this cozy patio bar to enjoy a steak and a glass of wine. I enjoyed the Brie cheese as an appetizer and a well seasoned filet for my meal with the chocolate mousse for desert. The food was to die for and the service was excellent. I can only give four stars because the server could not split our bill for us. I realize some establishments simply will not do that but the server said it was because of the POS system they had in the restaurant. This created an interesting situation as we were all their on business with separate expense accounts to reconcile. We all had to calculate our own bill down to the tax and obtain extra copies of the detail in order to satisfy our reporting requirements.  All of us were sitting there after a delicious meal with our phone calculators out asking the server what the local restaurant tax was in order to properly calculate our share of the bill. It really left a puzzled and irritated feeling with me.  There has to be a better way to do this, either ring the orders separately somehow, have a manager split the bill afterwards or teach the servers how to do the math themselves for their customers. I'm sad that this is the "finishing touch" on such a wonderful experience. Do better!This restaurant was recommended by my hotel across the street. It may be in the middle of bourbon street but it's miles away in atmosphere. What a wonderful meal enjoyed in the quiet oasis of a terrace. Great food, great Service, great wine list and topped off by wonderful French press coffee. This is one of my new favorite spots when visiting the Crescent city.I love this place. Quaint yet fancy looking.  Great friendly staff, nice courtyard. Excellent drink menu. Piano music and fireplace... the toddy and hot buttered rum were perfect to warm me up!We were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading to one of those ghost tours and stumbled upon Orleans Grapevine Wine Bar & Bistro.  We asked to sit in the courtyard and had the whole place all to ourselves, at least for a little bit!  It was really charming - twinkling lights and a fountain set the scene.  Plus our waiter was very attentive and genuinely seemed happy to have people to wait on!  Since we were in a hurry, we shared a cheese plate and an appetizer of scallops.  Everything was delicious and they brought us out some fresh bread with herbed butter.  Love me some herbed butter - and our waiter didn't mind bringing us out more!Loved, loved, loved this delightful little restaurant!  The patio atmosphere is oh so charming, and the food and service were the best we experienced in Nola.  Our server, Bennet, described each dish perfectly and was super helpful with our wine selection.  I know it's close to Bourbon Street, but trust me, it's miles away in spirit.  We had the mussels (don't miss these!!!) as well as the fried green tomato appetizer and the crab cakes.  Three little plates and a shared salad were perfect for two.  Hope this helps...and be sure to GO!!!I came here a few nights ago with two friends. We were in town visiting for the weekend and were looking for a nearby place to dine. We did a quick google search and picked this lovely spot. Our server, Mary Callie, was excellent! She had great suggestions and we all ended up loving our dishes. I am so glad we found this restaurant during our stay!5 words. Wine and bacon happy hour! I stayed across the street from this place and decided to stop in with friends for a quick bottle or two of wine and cheese board. That's when we found out about the bacon happy hour. They do it twice daily from 4-6 and 10-12. Needless to say we came back for the second happy hour! Our waitress recommended the barbecue shrimp (which is a New Orleans style barbecue which is buttery). It was so delicious that we ended up asking for more bread to soak up the amazing sauce!The best meal we had in New Orleans. Not pretentious at all. Quality preparations, fresh ingredients, friendly service. Avoid the tourist traps, and over priced nonsense. Come hereGreat little place off Bourbon street, the court yard was nice and relaxing. Had the Angus Steak with crawfish demy sauce. Loved it.Everything about our dinner here was excellent.  We went during happy hour to have a drink or two before dinner.  They have several drink specials plus free bacon.  It was a gorgeous night so we took advantage of sidewalk seating and enjoyed some people watching with our dinner.  Our server, William, provided great service.  He made great recommendations that we went with and were delighted.  My fiance had the filet, and it may have been the best cut of beef that either of us ever tasted; you barely needed to chew because it was so tender.  I opted for the fish almandine and it was delicious.  The portions are large and we were not able to finish our meals.  They reheated well for lunch the following day.  The price of the meals are reasonable for the quality of the food and the serving size.
Would highly recommend Orleans Grapevine!i love the seafood and creole in new orleans but the boy is quite picky.  this restaurant was a great oasis to the new orleanian food everywhere.  i started with the tomato bisque with feta which was great but really small, only about 1/2 a cup for $8. for dinner we both didn't talk at all, we were too into our food!  i had the filet with the blue cheese sauce - uh, yum, it was so good.  seasoned perfectly and the potatoes and veggies really complemented the meat.  he had the new york steak which he said was excellent.  for dessert i got the peach cobbler as the goat cheese cheesecake had chocolate (boo, no chocolate for me) and the boy had the chocolate hazelnut thing (i think!)  he liked his but the cobbler was just ok.  the service was great, our waitress was super sweet and the owner even came by to wish us a happy new year with her cute dog.  and the malbec i got was fantastic.  definitely would visit here again.Sweet intimate restaurant with amazing food! We had the baked Brie, lamb and crab cakes. Great service! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!This bar is part of the Tropical Isle & Funky Pirate family.
Tropical Isle Bourbon at 721 Bourbon St.
Tropical Isle Original at 600 Bourbon St.
Tropical Isle Bayou Club & Music Bar at 610 Bourbon St.
Little Tropical Isle 435 Bourbon St.
Funky Pirate at 727 Bourbon St.
New Orleans Grapevine at 720 Orleans Ave.I shall call this place Grapevine the Destroyer!  This is our second visit within five years.  The courtyard is awesome.  The food is stellar.  Get the steak with Pepper rub with the Crawfish sauce on the side.  The mussels are da bomb.  Don't forget there is a baked clove of garlic in there.  Highly recommended!
Buy the baked brie with garlic cream sauce and honey butter!  End of story.This place is across the street from the hotel we were staying at so decided to stop in for a late afternoon snack and a couple glasses of wine.  Beautiful restaurant on the inside and in the courtyard.  Really impressive.  Our waitress was very friendly and knew the wine list well. Her recommendations were fantastic.  We also got the cheese plate which was full of goodies and a bowl of mussels which were not only tasty but were presented beautifully.  Really glad we stopped in and will go again if we ever return to NOLA.Went as part of a party of six.  Our waitress was very friendly and our food arrived pretty quickly once we ordered.  I got the Gulf Fish Amandine, which came with veggies and rice.  The fish was a bit light/dry in flavor, but it was good paired with the crab topping.  The veggies were good too.  The rice was my sticking point though, because it was served plain.  Was I supposed to mix it with my veggies, or scrape the topping off my fish to eat with it?  I think it would've been better with gravy, Spanish rice, or furikake.
The restaurant has some courtyard seating, which would probably be pleasant at night or in cooler temperatures.  Also, bacon happy hour?  Genius!  Overall a pretty good spot, just some nitpicking on the food due to the price.This place must be a hidden gem as it wasn't crowded,but it was fabulous.  In fact we will probably return before we leave.  During happy hour they have a cool dice game to pay for the drinks.  We had salads and appetizers and both were very good.  They have an impressive wine list.  Our waiter was very pleasant.  Sitting in the courtyard was a nice way to have a relaxing and delicious dinner.I went there for dinner with a friend. The decor is dark and nothing really all that special. The tables are a bit crowded and definitely not that comfy.  The drink I got was a little heavy handed...It wasn't my favorite drink ever and I was bummed because i really wanted a cocktail.
We got crab cakes for an appetizer. They were ok. The orange slice on the bottom helped the flavor. 
The main entre was unbelievable. I got the stuffed flounder.  The dish had nice presentation and I ate every bite. So good.
That being said, I think the meal was overpriced. For $30 meals.
Two people had: 2 drinks, 1 appetizer 2 meals total = $120 = ridiculous and so not worth it.Just an awesome, cozy little hangout. Perfect for date night or a couples night out. You have to drop in from 4-6 or after 10 for Bacon Happy Hour! Free bacon with your drinks. What a concept!What a great little find... they have bottomless bacon happy hours and the most amazing "goat cheesecake" ... wine flights as well!In a week-long vacation, this restaurant was the best out of a long list of staple New Orleans' restaurants (Tujaque's, Napoleon House, Felix's, Gatoire's, Red Fish Grill and Antoine's). The courtyard ambiance, balance and flavor of every dish tried, service and value was extraordinary! Best bread pudding in Nola!  A true gem in the heart of the French Quarter!Great cocktails, great wine (we had a Frenchman's 75 and a wine mix called "the other" on happy hour that was $5/glass). Our waiter Ron was excellent. We enjoyed sitting in the courtyard. At 6 or 7 it wasn't very busy which was cool, it felt like a nice respite from the walking and crowds of French Quarter.
One warning: the New Orleans barbecue shrimp aren't good. They are shrimps with their heads and tails (extra hard to eat) swimming in a TON of butter with rosemary and sage. Not our idea of a good meal. We loved our crabcakes, though, and we had a really excellent warm brownie tower dessert with strawberries and vanilla ice cream. I would go back here- it's nice to have good service and great booze. It runs a little pricey but it was a nice place with good service and a relaxing experience.Great value for both wine and apps. Service was great... The staff will let you try the wine when stuck in the extensive wine list.  Scallops and Chef's cheese board are highly recommended.I can only speak to the service, great wine and whiskey. My fiancé and I did not eat but enjoyed a great wine and whiskey. The service was exceptional and wish I could remember the waiters name. He was awesome. He have us some great tips for other restaurants which he was spot on and helped pick wines. He was knowledgable and seemed to really enjoy his job which was very refreshing. I have no doubt that the food would be great there, but couldn't make it on our trip. I highly recommend this place when craving some wine and a break from the French Quarter madness.Fantastic courtyard and beautiful food. The Penfolds RWT is way underpriced so go for it! New Orleans shrimp also fantastic!Great servers,  wonderful atmosphere and delicious meals..saffron mussels were amazing!I'm so in love with this lovely establishment. Wonderful service, the best filet and crab cakes and yes please try the chocolate cheeseThis place had so much potential when we saw the inside and decided to sit at the bar! Then we met our bartender...she wasn't friendly and seemed preoccupied with cleaning up for the night. The Brie appetizer was ok, but I wished it had been melted more it was lukewarm at best. We never got to do much more than wait for our bartender to come back before we were ready to go. The $5 happy hour wine helped soften the let down of this place.This is a little gem across from the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. Walked out the door and crossed the street, far enough off Bourbon St to be out of the craziness. Didn't get there in time for the 4-6 or 10-midnight happy hours...wine flights and apple cured bacon. 
They have a very nice wine list and good food. Went in for some small bits ended up overeating. Could have been one of  the best bottles of Pinot Grigio that we drank! I'm blaming it on the alcohol and sticking with that. Food: Hubby had the gumbo, this will be a repeat this vacation. Charred oysters were OK. I've had better in NOLA but these were still good. We split the fish special which was sheepshead( never heard of before) breaded and fried over lump crab. Just for some perspective fish and chips is the only fried fish I eat and maybe once a year. This fish was nicely crispy but the breading overpowered, not a meal I'd repeat. The steaks at the next table look fabulous and left me wanting to switch with them. Dessert: had the ice cream. Small batch, local and Italian. LOVED IT. Gelato meets Haagen dazs. Creamy enough with a great taste!
All said I will return to this little gem. Which we did the next day for drinks and the cheese plate. Some of the best cheese I ever had. The chocolate cheese....happy belly, happy face.Wonderful get-a-way from the craziness on Bourbon Street.  Perfect for a nice dinner where everyone can enjoy each other's company.   Cheese boards and small bites perfect for a lighter meal.  Great wine selection and service.Great opportunity to get off Bourbon St. And enjoy a good glass of wine with a friendly staff. In the interest of full disclosure, will say we went on a mMonday evening at 5 PM, before 'food' is served but cocktails are available as is a cheese platter. Smewhat pricy, one of the cheeses - mango infused, was not a big hit with wifey, but the others were enjoyable. We stayed for nearly 2hrs and never felt pressed to exit, granted the joint was not overflowed, but during our time, an additional 5-7 tables were seated and none seemed to be lacking for attention. Our waiter was not hovering nor was he aloof, a very balanced blend of in between. Total for 2 wine flights (nice sized pours), three generous glasses of a beautiful French pinot, a cheese plate - not huge portion, saffron mussels - wasn't sure of what to expect here but the dish worked, baked Brie with roasted garlic sauce - really tasty combo which could use just a bit more bread with the serving, angus medallions in a marsalla mushroom cream sauce with asiago grit cake and a French mousse with gran marnier cream, $143.