Charles the narrator really made this a great experience. His NOLA history was on point and funny, as we headed to the battlefield. The story of Hurricane Katrina on the return trip was gripping.
The onboard food buffet was good as well.Super nice cruise, very informative and fun, great way to learn some history of America.We did not eat, but we did have a drink at the bar.  The food was standard buffet fare.  Their was a jazz band playing but the evening was so nice that we hung out on the deck all night.  We really had a great time.  We had a groupon for the cruise so that made the price good, otherwise tickets were pretty pricey for the cruise.Such a good trip, the battle field visit was interesting and historical. Charles was awesome!We loved our cruise! I remember taking these cruises as a kid and now I'm taking my own children. Charles was our narrator and he was fantastic. We really loved stopping at the Battlefield and getting a run through on Katrina. The food was pretty good and all of the staff was very friendly.Charles was the narrator and he was fantastic! He told a moving recount of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina and did an excellent job in articulating the history of city with all of its cultural influences. I would recommend this tour to anyone coming to New Orleans for the first time. Thanks again Charles!Charles is an expert at explaining the history of the battle of New Orleans and also the details of the storm. He definitely made the boat ride very unique and memorable.The tour and guide were incredible! Our guide painted a picture of where the Battle of New Orleans took place, and did a heart wrenching and intense recollection of the timeline with Katrina. A beautiful activity the whole family cab enjoy!Charles was an excellent tour guide and story teller. I thoroughly enjoyed the ride to the battlefield and the short tour of it.Went back "home" for my monthly trip to New Orleans to see my handsome BF. Booked a cruise for Sunday, 10/18/15 and it was such a gorgeous day on the Mississippi River. New Orleans has really great weather in the fall and spring...like Cali weather! 
Had reservations for 10am. We arrived 15 min earlier but we should have gotten there at 9:30am which would have prevented us from missing getting our preboarding picture taken. Boo! I love taking pics with my BF...I cherish all the memories. I'm sentimental like that!
So anyways, it was a 2 1/2 hour cruise. We had the pleasure of being able to listen to our Narrator/Guide, Christopher Tidwell, who had lots of energy and awesome stories to tell us about the history of New Orleans. We had even asked him if he could sit in the back seat of our car and take a tour so we can listen to all his storytelling. Very fun and informative man! He's got a great voice. Make sure you get him if you book a cruise on the Creole Queen. 
We were able to eat the brunch Buffett that they offer at 10:30am downstairs on the boat. For $14 each person, they had all you can eat Caesar salad, pasta, gumbo, jambalaya, and bread pudding and it comes with a drink. Not bad at all! The bread pudding was good and they serve it hot too! We went for seconds, thirds...fourth servings. 
A little windy during the boat ride so take a jacket. 
Half way through the trip we stopped at Chalmette Battlefield and we were able to explore for 30 minutes. Wasn't expecting to get off the boat but that made it even more exciting! Love the history of New Orleans. This old city has a lot of character. This is one cruise that you don't want to miss. What a steal on Groupon! Glad I was able to take advantage! Of course, it always matters who you're with also...it made it such a romantic cruise! LMLWent on the Chalmette battlefield tour. Charles our historian was top notch and knowledgeable.  Ask for tours when he's working - you want to be in his group!Wow! This tour was everything I could've hoped for and more. The boat is nice and clean. The tour guide, Charles, was amazing. His humor and tempo of his delivery was perfect. 
Our weather was perfect. Not windy and not too hot. 
The tour guide shared a bunch of information you won't learn in history books and gave some great tips on places to visit.
We didn't partake in the buffet on the boat since it costs extra but it did look and smell great.
I will definitely recommend this to anyone and do it again.We booked this cruise at our hotel and were given emailled tickets. We go to the boat a little early and waited in line with a lot of other people for about 20 minutes (because we lined up early). When we the line started to move and we went to check in we were told that they needed a ticket witj a bar code and we needed to leave the line and go get our barcode tickets at the ticket booth. 
So now we waited on line once again along with some people who were just purchasing tickets for the first time and others like us who had emailled tickets, but didn't convert them because we had no idea we needed to do that. It really would have been a great idea if someone from the cruise company would have told all of the people on line that if they didnt have a barcode they needed to go get one. This way we wouldn't have to wait in libe twice and lose our place in line. 
Once we got on the boat it was very nice. It was an enjoyable ride up the river. We really enjoyed the tour guide who was VERY knowledgeable. His name was Wendle and he was a wealth of information. 
The boat stopped at Chalmette where a battle took place. There wasn't much to see there. I would have rathered stay on the boat. 
Overall we liked the trip, especially Wendle's presentation.Charles was amazing historic narrator he gave us so much informations specially of Katrina. He made it fun and interesting we will recommend to all our friend thank you Charles!Booked the dinner/jazz cruise as we were first timers in NOLA. It is a buffet dinner with a band of 3 playing some live jazz music. The cost was $77/pp for a 2 1/2 hour dinner cruise. The food was Ok nothing to rave about and the entertainment was OK. I was just looking for a much more lively atmosphere and it felt blah and boring. I believe this dinner cruise is more tailored to the 60+ crowd.first off I was curious about this before so just to answer for anyone else no outside food or drinks, security checks purses lol. not sure if they will make you trow away a sandwhich but I did have to toss my starbucks before boarding..still didn't negatively affect my day just an FYI.
-was debating between the natchez and creole queen, but was beyond happy with my choice and experience on the queen. You get a live historic narrative tour of new orleans history and a chance to ask the historian any remaining questions you have at the end, Wendel is awesome!! love the storyville history. They have a full bar and endless bloody Mary's and a buffet for purchase as well as bathrooms and plenti of indoor and Covered seating in case of rain. Also one of best parts is you get to stop and tour the battle field of the battle of new orleans included it's like a 2 for 1 bonus as opposed to just getting the boat ride. You get  narrative of the battle from a park ranger and it's a short but detailed account which leaves you time to explore the battlefield on your own. A+++The wife and I took the 2pm cruise.  The cruise was very informative about the battle of New Orleans, and the history of the French Quarter and surrounding areas. The price was very reasonable and only a short walk from the French Quarters and a lot of hotels.  The walk on the battlefield was also a nice break and provided history on the battle.  Well worth the 2.5 hoursWe had such a great time on this tour! Wendel was our guide and we thoroughly enjoyed all the great information and history he shared. He is a wonderful storyteller and made the trip really fun and interesting. We did a lot of things in New Orleans, but this was one of the highlights. Thing to note: even though the email that sends you your tickets says you don't need a hard copy, you still do. Go to the ticket counter when you get there, show them your email tickets and they will print you off hard copy tickets.We had a wonderful time on this tour. Wendell the historian was knowledgeable and entertaining.We had an excellent riverboat ride. Historian, Charles, was smart and witty. He made history fun. His details about Katrina moved me to tears. I grew up in South Louisiana and this was my first riverboat cruise. I highly recommend it.All in all...the tour guide (Dr. Wendell!) was the person who made the tour. He was well informed on the history of the city and the history of the Battle of New Orleans. He welcomed questions about any and everything about New Orleans. He also added some stories from the aftermath of Katrina. He recommended that we go to Frenchmen Street for some good live music and it was the best recommendation me and my friend have gotten since we came to the city! We really enjoyed ourselves all thanks to Wendell!I visited New Orleans for the first time in January and this cruise provided the perfect introduction to the city.   Our tour guide, Charles, was the highlight, but the lunch buffet and bottomless mimosas were pretty good too.  His delivery style is similar to that of Ben Bailey and he knew how to keep everyone engaged with his phenomenal storytelling.  Definitely stick around for the optional account of Katrina at the end.Great history lesson while cruising the Mississippi.  Our guide Charles Tidmore was fantastic.  The fact that he is a direct descendent of a New Orleans founding family makes the information he shares even more interesting. Learned lots of fun facts about New Orleans culture and customs along with details of Battle of New Orleans.  Wish we would have had more time at Battlefield.   Great way to spend an afternoon!Charles was great! History stories very informative. The food was ok they had a buffet 20 plate it's self 7. Recommendation: Buy the power pass $200 and make reservations here free.Great cruise down the Ole Miss, buffet has plenty of options. Great stories regarding NOLA history. Even offer Military discounts. Just pour better drinks...The historical cruise is an absolute blast. The guide, Charles, spoke engagingly about both the Battle of New Orleans and - very movingly - about Hurricane Katrina.
The bar staff were very attentive and pleasant, and the food and drink prices were very reasonable (although the portions were on the smaller side).Awesome trip and amazing history story telling by Charles, especially the story of Katrina. Thx for the history lesson of this wonderful city Charles!The tour is a must when visiting in New Orleans. The Chalmette Battlefield is interesting and Charles was great!This was a fantastic addition to our New Orleans trip! We learned much about the history of the city as well as the immediate and long term impact of Katrina on New Orleans. Charles was an amazing narrator, story teller, and historian. He made the beautiful trip even better.We went on the cruise today. Charles was the narrator. He is very dynamic, intelligent and wore a very cool hat. He taught about New Orleans, it's history, wars, and really helped us understand what happened to the land and people the days and weeks after Katrina.The paddle boat creole queen is about what you'd expect, but the tour guide is phenomenal. On the way out to the site of the battle of New Orleans Charles, our guide, gave a history of the US, France, Canada and New Orleans and how the parts fit together that I had never learned before. We had about 25 minutes at the battlefield with a visitors center, again with a great guide. On the way back Charles' account of hurricane Katrina was informative and moving. Overall a really special part of our visit to New Orleans.Rude Staff, Poor service
My family and friends (group of 11 in total including impressionable teenagers) went on the 10 AM Creole Queen Historic Cruise on Sunday, December 31, 2017.
The good - Tour guide Charles was outstanding. He was passionate, dedicated and made this an interesting experience.
The bad - After visiting the battle field, we proceeded to the lower level (creole room) and chose the port side seating for our ride back. No sooner than we settled down a lady staff told us that we can't have those seats, as they were 'restaurant seats' and we'll have to move to another table across the boat to the starboard side. We complied with the request. This new table accommodated 8 of us and the rest had to stand. Then the bartender (from the level above - Queen room) came down to tell us that we cant sit in that table either. and told us to move to another table, which was already occupied!!!! He then proceeded to pompously tell us that "as a courtesy" he will accommodate us in that table, but all eleven have to squeeze in. I asked this person why we cant sit on any of the other tables. He said that the boat has open seating and we can only sit where he has designated us to sit and have to manage. I asked him why we are not considered part of the 'open seating' as we are paid customers. He just got angry and said " I am telling you for the last time" and repeated that he has as a courtesy he is allowing us to be seated in that table. I mentioned to the bartender that I understand what he is communicating, but just that I find it unreasonable. He just walked away. As this discussion is going on, we found other people sitting on those tables in the port side. The bar tender did not give those customers the same treatment. He allowed them to sit there even if they were not eating on those tables.
Our group felt belittled with the experience, and felt disgusted with this bartender's attitude, and treatment of customers.
Our group debated what could have been the reason, and some of them felt that it could have been racial. The lady who originally asked us to move out eventually came and said 'sorry'. Tour guide Charles, who probably witnessed some part of the incident came to us and apologized - which was not required from him at all. He did not have to do it. What a gentleman.
To whoever is in-charge of this Creole Queen Historic Cruise, we are not looking for your courtesy. We want to be treated like how paid customers should be treated.
My advise to anyone else who encounter such an incident - stand your ground. If you are still harassed, call the police.Great tour. The narrative of the battle of General Andrews was terrific. And the description of Katrina and the city's efforts to come back and be great again are educational and emotional to say the least.I would recommend this to any first timers to NOLA. Great short overview of the city, a battle, and the events of hurricane Katrina. The narrator was Charles and he was absolutely lovely and riveting.Great music, great food, and great people. What more can a girl ask for? Thank you Jasmine for serving my drinks. You are the epitome of excellent customer service and I am so happy to have had you as our bartender!We brought our 3 and 4 year olds for the first time, they loved it.  The staff was so friendly and accommodating.  The boys loved the music and while the dinner food is not necessarily set up for kids; mine loved it and ate a little bit of everything.  I love being able to go inside and outside and all over the boat.  It's just about the perfect length of time.  It could even be 15-20 minutes shorter.  The boat itself is very cool with the huge paddle in the back.  They sell pictures so if you go make sure you find the photographer to see the pictures you take before boarding.  We stayed at the Hilton and it is absolutely the perfect location, you literally walk out the back of the hotel, through the shops and you are right at the dock.  While there were not many kids on the cruise, I would say it is a fun experience for kids.The ride down the Might Mississippi was delightful. Beautiful weather on an early Spring day. I would suggest you wear sunscreen as I returned burned to a crisp! My mistake. What made this cruise most memorable was the guide, Charles. His melodic baritone voice and entertaining and educational narration was outstanding. His very personal recount of the events during and following Katrina had me in tears. It was so emotional and vivid, I felt like I was experiencing this tragedy myself. I think we owe it to the people of New Orleans to listen to and appreciate their history.What an amazing historian on board this very nice cruise! Charles was outstanding and made me feel as if I was there during oral history of Katrina. One awesome storyteller! A must do in NO!I thoroughly enjoyed this historical cruise. The boat was amazing and the crew was so friendly. My family and I were relaxed and enjoying the scenery. What made the tour exceptionally memorable was the guide Charles. He was audible and enjoyable. He made the subject matter interesting and effectively tied it to the scenery. What was really touching was when he spoke about Hurricane Katrina. It is one thing to hear the story from the news and politicians of the time. It is a completely different thing to hear the story of what happened from the perspective of someone who experienced it. My family and I highly recommend this tour and would do it again. 
~From the San Francisco Bay AreaY'all, this is so much more than a boat ride. I live in NOLA and with the constant flow of friends and family coming to visit, I do a lot of touristy activities. This by far is the best.
The narrator Charles Chesnutt is beyond AMAZING!  On the way to Chalmette Battlefield, he gives a passionate and funny account of New Orleans history, folklore and commonly believed inaccuracies of the city's history. Then, on the way home, his first person account and incredibly moving tale of Katrina, the aftermath, and the rebuilding process makes you feel as if you were there. If you don't shed at least one tear ... you're dead inside!  I've always known how much I love this city and now I know what a treasure Charles is too!  #charleswillyoumarryme #nolalivingAbsolutely a highlight of the New Orleans visit is this historical river boat tour with Wendell as the guide and a live historical actor showing the battlefields. Wendell covers early American History and Louisiana's place in it. Fantastic!!! One of the best guides we've ever had in vacation!!This was an enjoyable tour. Charlie, who narrates the tour, is not only knowledgeable but also funny. He provided lots of historical information that I had forgotten about with respect to Louisiana. The ride was relaxed and comfortable even with the misting rain from time to time as there are plenty of coverage options. The time at the battlefield was short, but enough to see the mini museum and walk up inside of the monument.  There is a bar and food on the boat. I cannot speak to the food as we didn't eat, but the bar was reasonably priced and had a good selection of beverages, including the famous hurricane.Could not be more pleased with our experience on the morning battlefield tour today.  The guide, Christopher, was extremely well informed and provided a wealth of New Orleans history from its founding and early settlers through the Battle of New Orleans -- rounded out with some more recent history and cultural anecdotes likely to be of wide interest.  He was entertaining and high-energy without being overbearing.  The boat ride itself was exactly as billed: on time and well organized; no complaints.  Views along the ride provided nice scenery and a sense of New Orleans geography.  Did not try food or drink so can't comment on that.  Overall, a terrific value that I would highly recommend.This was such a fun excursion and definitely a highlight from our recent vacation in New Orleans! The cruise took us to Chalmette, where we got to walk around and listen to a park ranger talk about the Battle of New Orleans.
What truly made this experience special was our tour guide, Charles. Charles has an amazing speaking ability and probably one of the most engaging people I've ever listened to (and this is coming from someone who gets bored easily). His account of New Orleans' history and Katrina was so captivating and impressive . . . I would recommend him in a heartbeat. Overall, great excursion in New Orleans, and if Charles is the tour guide, you are in for a real treat!The cruise was nice and the weather was perfect for a tour on the Mississippi River.  Before boarding, a photographer takes a picture of you and gives it to you (purchase) before you leave.  
The paddlewheeler takes you through the Port of New Orleans by some of the NOLA landmarks.  The captain gives you a little history about the different places.  We stop off at the Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve where you can tour the Chalmette Battlefield, the Malus-Beauregard House and the Chalmette Monument.  Great landscapes, took lots of pictures.  They sound the horn to call us back but you can't hear it so make sure to keep track of the time.  There is a guide that wants 10 mins of your time to tell you about the history but you have a limited about of time for the tour so i suggest bypassing this.  He talks to much.  Is that mean?  Sorry.
It's about a two and a half hour tour and it was enjoyable.  We did both the paddleboat tour and the land tour and loved them both.  We got a $5 discount each for doing both tours.Awesome relaxing tour to a historic landmark of American history. The narrator (whose name I have regretfully forgotten) passionately entertained us with a most interesting narrative during the entire tour. Well done and thank you.The paddleboat itself is a decent experience but the tour historian   charles was very much over the top with time spent on the storm damage to the area.  We all were hurt by the storms along the coast and not an experience to forget but mention it and move on. A real downer is what he created. Not a way to end a tourist excursion.Wendell the resident historian did a great job talking about NOLA history on our way to the Chalmette Battlefield.  A very nice way to spend a few hours!After you read this - if you still want to go:
1. Find the $5 coupon online and print it out. Have a hardcopy with you when you pay or pickup tickets at the booth. Its $5 a person which can save you some decent money if you have a group. 
2. Parking is at the Riverfront mall parking garage; Get your parking ticket validated for $7 off. Its easy and worth it. 
Regarding the Cruise:   
The trip down to Chalmette was fine. The narration on the way seemed factual and was interesting.
The Park Ranger and info at the Battlefield was also very interesting. Hustle back to the boat when the Ranger is finished talking. The Captain isn't playing around and keeps a tight schedule. 
The ride back...If Charles is your "tour guide" than this is then a 100% TALKING TOUR.  On the return trip, you will not have very much "free time" to sit around, relax and chat with your family or friends as you would expect to enjoy a paddle boat cruise. 
Charles acts like he is taking a "survey" of who wants to hear his Katrina story, but by his own admission he just goes by past experiences of being requested to tell it. So if he states over the loud speaker the word "survey" - rest assured you are going to get his dramatic Katrina recount like it or not, and "free time" is about over. 
He will tell you prior to the story telling that if you don't want to hear the "intense" (his word) story, your other choice is to go sit inside and sit in the dining area. 
What follows is a dramatic, opinionated, semi-factual Katrina "recap" story as told by a Texan who moved here a few years ago (read his bio on their website).  He will try to authenticate it however by mention of his Aunt and Uncle and their experiences. 
http://www.creolequeen.com/news/blog/charles-chestnutt-creole-queen
What we observed was that it was not enjoyed by the locals who were seated around us (they eventually retreated to inside to get away.)
Note - If you are seated outside as he strolls the deck with microphone in hand, you better listen up and not talk to anyone around you. This guy will come by and dismiss you to the inside dining area because the ride back is clearly "his" time to shine on a script that although very rehearsed is also speculative at times. (By the way Holy Cross DID rebuild a new state of the art facility, just in a different part of town.)
We enjoyed the first half of the trip; it was just as we expected. The second half of the trip makes me wonder if the management of the Creole Queen really knows whats going on with the day to day operations.
The bartenders and the other staff members on the boat were all very friendly.We had the cruise-only, and it was great!  The rest of our party had the dinner as well, and they didn't seem overly impressed.  My son is a vegetarian, and it certainly wasn't worth the fee.  Beautiful ride, though.  Could have done without the million kids running around and running around and running around, but such is life.  Good experience.  Great pictures.New Orleans is such a beautiful historic town and the best way to learn some history with a pleasent view is to take this cruise! CHARLES was one of the best tour guides and story tellers I have ever heard. His energetic poetic energy made the trip!! Thanks again for a nice boat ride.This was fun!  We did the dinner and Jazz ride.  Someone had advised us to not do this, but we wanted to experience the whole "paddle boat" thing, so we ignored them...  And I'm glad we did!
The food was VERY good!  Not like Michelin Star worthy, but in my opinion it was better than Emeril's Delmonico.
Next time I visit NOLA I'd like to take the historical tour.  I love early US history and, from what I've heard of the historical tour,  I think I'd really enjoy it!The battlefield trip was perfect length and exquisite! Charles was our narrator, and while his historical tales were lucid and entertaining, his recounting of the Katrina disaster was downright passionate - NOT your typical tour guide. Love that the paddle wheel DOES drive the boat which makes the trip that much more authentic. Enjoyed the light on the water, the fresh breeze, changing scenery, and the walk through history. Not to be missed!Wonderful and very informative cruise. Charles knew his history and kept us laughing.Very educational, beautiful boat. Kind of boring but that's more my struggle with history not the way they told it! Full bar and it was a nice break to walk around the battle field.Our narrator Charles was the best. We took the cruise to the battlefield and it was truly the best!  You will learn and enjoy this!!Gosh, this was so damn fun! Maceo Parker was booked to sing on this evening cruise, backed by the Head Hunters (Herbie Hancock's band.) We were scheduled for a 10p departure but actually left 30 minutes late. The band played downstairs in hold. There was A/C and full bar but you could barely tell we were cruising the mighty Mississippi. There was no boat and river ambiance. The top deck was really the place to be-- the evening breeze, views and river life were magical. Thankfully the promoter had an excellent DJ up there and people were dancing away. I sat in the back bench, watch life roll by and no sooner than we started did the ship pull up to the dock and we disembarked. Quick two hours. I remember thinking "I want to do this again tomorrow night." Sadly, there was nothing scheduled. Next year please?It was a great leaning and entertaining experience. The guide, Charles, is such a tremendous storyteller. From his narrative my friends and I learned a lot which otherwise would not have been known to us.My Wife, Myself and another couple had intended on taking a Steamboat tour up the Mississippi for a dinner buffet but upon arriving to New Orleans we discovered that the company operating that tour was temporarily closed. My friend who was there with his Wife is a travel agent so he looked over his discount book and found the Creole Queen was one of the things he received a discount on. We had heard of this tour before hand and were considering it, $5 off sealed the deal making the tour $22 per person. 
Upon boarding we sat in doors because of the weather and felt it was decent in doors, had the weather been better then we would have enjoyed it more outside but that is not there fault. They had a small menu with food items for sale along with a bar so we grabbed a sampling of Gumbo and some drinks and enjoyed the guided tour as we went up the Mississippi. It was very informative and enjoyable.
We arrive at the sight of one of the Battles of 1812 and we were informed over the PA system that we might have a guided tour by a park ranger but they cannot guarantee this seeing how they are Government employees. We were far behind the group so we just guided ourselves taking pictures. The Plantation was beautiful and the grounds were breath taking, we took great pictures and boarded the boat again.
The ride back had just music playing and made the trip back feel twice as long, I would have loved if they would have had some type of second part to the tour so we could be occupied on the ride back.I am rating this experience 5 stars because Charles, the tour guide, was amazing. He was totally pumped to take us to the Chalmette Battlefield. He pieced the story together with wit and an obvious care for detail. For someone who knows only a little about American history, it really shed new light on New Orleans. Thank you for making the trip so much fun.This was a complete spur of the moment trip.  We saw the paddle wheel and jumped on.  Alittle to our surprise it was right up our alley as a history cruise.  Our tour guide was Charles and by far the best tour I've ever taken.  He was very passionate about the tour and kept everyone entertained.  Fortunately the government was shut down today and allowed Charles to tell a great recap of the Battle of New Orleans.  We would do this tour again and recommend it to anyone.Loved it 
Charles was the storyteller and he was fantastic.  His story of about Katrina brought tears to my eyes 
Would recommend this excursion highlyMothers Day, upon arrival at the ticket office they told me the boat was broken and would not sail for the Mothers Day Brunch. 
They only offered a 20 credit for my prepaid $68 ticket. Not a full refund.. Then. Stood in the rain waiting to get on a boat that was not sailing while the security looked at the crowd getting wet.   So for $48 I got the worst food Ive ever had. The salad seem like it was sitting out all night, eggs were over cooked, bread pudding was burnt on the bottom, I had 3 fruit flys in my coffee, and a band making fun of the fact the boat was broken..Wonderful experience! Exceeded expectations. One never knows what to expect with a buffet but the food was excellent. Beautiful and romantic views and the staff was wonderful. Loved the jazz band. Obviously we took the evening Jazz dinner cruise and it was totally worth $79! We did this on our last evening in NOLA and it was the perfect way to end a wonderful trip. Will be back! Thanks crew!Infomative cruise,  learn history you may not know.  Friendly crew and very welcoming.This review is for the Creole Queen Jazz Dinner Cruise.  Where to start?  On a positive note, I can say that the food wasn't horrible.  Very average buffet food, not the worst I've ever had.  And the alcoholic drinks actually had some liquor in them.  Now here is everything else, chronologically:
1)  Advertised as a "3 Hour Cruise" - NOT!   It's a 2 (TWO) hour cruise (7-9pm).  NEWSFLASH:  Early boarding does not turn a 2-hour cruise into a 3-hour cruise.  
2)  Our party of 6 booked WAAAY in advance for Thanksgiving Day 2015.  Got a phone call 7 days in advance letting us know that they were cancelling the cruise for that day, and we'd have to switch to another day.  It was a ton of work switching our itinerary around so that we could take our Thanksgiving dinner cruise on the day before Thanksgiving, which is what they were offering.  Most tourists don't have a lot of flexibility, and we didn't appreciate the late cancellation.
3)  Parking - what a NIGHTMARE!!!  No parking, no adequate instructions to prepare you in advance for the lack of parking options, not even any SIGNAGE when you arrive!  WTH?  Navigation got us to the address, but there is no SIGNAGE for the Creole Queen or entrance so I finally called from the car after we drove around for 15 minutes trying to figure out where the heck the entrance was.  ME:  "Hi, can you help us?  We can't find the entrance or where to park?"  RESPONSE:  "We're not responsible for parking."  ME:  "I understand, but we have reservations - could you let us know what the parking options are, and where the entrance is?"  RESPONSE:  "You better hurry because we leave in 15 minutes."  Really?  How tough would it be to send parking options with your email confirmation, and to put up a SIGN pointing the way to the dock?
4)  There is no explanation for the strange, rude lady in the dockside ticket booth.  She was angry, annoyed and miserable - and she conveyed all this to us with her less-than-charming demeanor.  There was some printing glitch on their end, and as we waited endlessly (and breathlessly having run 5 blocks in the dark from the parking we eventually found at the other side of town) for her to give us our reserved tix, I said "could you kindly let the boat know we're coming so they don't leave?"  Her response was a clipped "I OWN the boat and they do what I tell them."  So when we got on the boat, we later mentioned in passing to a staff member that we had talked to the "owner" in the ticket booth, and he just laughed and said it was corporately owned and no one ever saw the men who owned it.  
4)  It was a sad, morose, depressing little "cruise."  Granted, there were only about 50 people AT MOST on the cruise - I'm guessing 5% of their capacity.  Instead of seating us in one of the smaller, nice dining areas on the middle or upper decks, they closed those and opened the cavernous, dark, low-ceiling water level dining room which probably seats 500.  We were at water level, really couldn't see anything, and the few people on board were scattered around an empty dining area.  The "maître d'" inexplicably seated us at a table where we couldn't see the little musician combo playing to an EMPTY room.  When we asked to change to one of the 100 empty tables, he got upset.  Then he switched us to a table in the back, with no windows and next to the bar.  WEIRD.  It's a Mississippi dinner cruise!  You're supposed to look at the MISSISSIPPI River!! 
The boat took off with no fanfare and nary a whistle-blow.  Would it have killed them to toot the ole' Riverboat horn?  We just kinda noticed we were moving.  So then we sat there waiting to be told when the buffet dinner would be served.  As 7:30 rolled around and no one was eating, we finally figured out that everyone (all 40-50 people on board) had boarded early and already eaten!  What?  We couldn't see that the buffet was laid out, because it was way at the other end of the cavernous empty dining room.  We raced over to the buffet then before they closed it up - and the food wasn't horrible, although I dare anyone to have found more than a single piece of sausage in the jambalaya, or more than a shrimp in the gumbo.
We left depressing lower deck after eating, and went upstairs - why on earth didnt they open those dining rooms???   We got some more drinks, stayed upstairs on the outside deck with the other miserable guests all trying to make the best of the $80 per ticket cruise.  And we had to watch and listen to the Natchez Jazz Dinner Cruise boat go by gaily tooting their horn on a boat filled with guests.  The Creole Queen never blew her horn, or did much of anything for that matter.  Now I haven't tried the Natchez, but after spending time in New Orleans on this trip I can say that paintings and photos abound with pix of the Natchez Riverboat.  I can't say it was any better, but watching the Natchez from the sad, empty dining room on the Creole Queen I was sure wishing I was on the Natchez that night...My friends and I enjoyed the historical cruise tour. Cruise narrator, Charles, was very knowledgeable of the area and was entertaining.Wendell did a great job with naration along the way.  The stop at Chalmette was very interesting.   There is a nice museum there.  My only wish would have been to have a little more time there.  Great cruise....great price!Wow. This was a fantastic afternoon made absoflippinglutely AMAZING by the extraordinary narration of the onboard historian, Charles. Seriously. The battlefield is cool, but go for the narration. BRILLIANT. (Also, a solid hurricane... Both the beverage and history of Katrina...) We purchased our tickets through the New Orleans Sightseeing Pass. A great value and definitely worth your time while in NOLA.Good time! Informative and beautiful boat. Wendall the guide was interesting! Would recommend if you are a history buff in NOLA wanting to know more about the war in new orleans. Takes you to battlefield and along the Mississippi.Excellent tour - excellent guide . One of the highlight oft trip to New Orleans . Highly recommend this tour . your guide Chris was knowledgeable and excited to share his stories.Charles absolutely made the trip! I especially enjoyed his narration about Katrina!  Very moving.Such a fun time on the dinner cruise.  The music was entertaining.  The food was plentiful (we boarded at 6 pm).  The staff was very attentive.  Would go again!Beautiful tour of the Mississippi. $14 buffet is worth it (the seafood pasta is great) and the top deck is a nice place to sit. Charles is an incredible guide with a very moving bit about Katrina. Highly recommend this experience!Lovely tour. Wendell is an awesome guide. Very knowledgeable and friendly. 
Great views and the tour of the battleground is fascinating. 
We highly recommend.Charles was a great story teller and the information he provided checked out on Google. It was humbling to hear about the Katrina events and also shed some light on my thoughts of "why didn't they leave in time".  
I really enjoyed the cruise down the Mississippi River on the Creole Queen. The food was delicious. I especially liked the corn bread muffins and red beans with rice. I haven't found red beans thick like theirs anywhere else in the Big Easy. 
The battlefield portion was okay, it would've been nice to have more time there to explore and visit the grave sites. 
Overall it was a good tour and I am glad I went on it.Very enjoyable riverboat cruise on a pleasant afternoon.  Very knowledgeable historian, Charles, on board who kept us captivated the entire trip.  Nice little bar onboard.   Didn't eat but the food looked and smelled wonderful.We took the boat ride to Chalmette Battlefield and listened to excellent lectures about the history of the city and Hurricane Katrina given by Charles. The park ranger who described the Battle of New Orleans was excellent as well. Highly recommend for history buffs, and the meal was surprisingly good, too.My husband and I enjoyed this dinner cruise very much. We were both tired from travel, needing dinner and also the outdoors. This cruise and dinner fit the bill. We tasted the food New Orleans is famous for (best bread pudding ever), listened to a live band and watched as the shore line passed.  The moon was setting and the air was perfect. Very peaceful evening.The history tour is a blast for history buffs! A brief history of the town told by a genuinely intelligent and interesting man in Charles that is humorous and informative. After a brief time at the battle site, the orator gives a stirring account of the aftermath of Katrina.