Fancy Fare....
We passed this place at least twice a day. Finally on our last day we decided to give it a try.
WHAT A GEM!....at first glance the portions seem small....but we were STUFFED when done. 
The waiters were great the food was great!
I recommend this "palace" to anyone!
PHorrible...they don't care about their customers.  Our waiter spilled a tray of drinks on our table not once, but twice.  the manager never even came over to apologize.  We had to ask to be moved to a dry table that didn't have broken glass all over it.  When we finally got our food, it was mediocre at best.  I'm giving it one star because you can't give it less. I wish i had an extra set of hands so I could give the place four thumbs down!Dinner last night at the Palace Café was excellent.  The food, the service, pretty much everything about our experience was wonderful.  The décor was rich and old-worldish, and our team of waiters was attentive but not overly so.  
The food was amazing.  We started with a bottle of Californian Pinot Noir (though I can't remember the vintage, it was a pure black bottle with two thin gold lines) that was very nice if a bit minerally.  The crab cheesecake appetizer was delicious, almost like a disassembled Crab Rangoon with an insane amount of crab meat.  Side note: we did tease the back waiter about how small the crab claws were that decorated the crust, because coming from Miami and being used to the very high standard of Joe's Stone Crabs, these little half inch lump claws seemed comically miniature!  We both ended up ordering the Andouille-crusted fish, which for the night was Sheepshead, and which was served over perfectly steamed broccoli and well-seasoned roasted red potatoes and onions in a Crystal sauce that was the perfect blend of savory and spicy.  The fish itself was exceptional, both in the taste of the sausage-breadcrumb crust, the delicate flavor of the fish itself, and the texture of a perfectly cooked filet.
All in all, the meal was wonderful and the experience was great.  The only reason I removed a star was because we arrived about 5 minutes before our reservation and didn't get seated for a total of about 15 minutes.  I wouldn't even have been too bothered by this except that the hostess expressly told us that we would be seated right away, and when we asked if we had time to order a drink from the bar, she said that our table was ready and they would be seating us in just a moment.  Then, ten minutes later, well, you get the point.  Under-promise and over-deliver, not the other way around!This place is as beyond amazing!
My fiancé and I  actually came here to celebrate our engagement and the staff could not have been more wonderful. Our waiter, Randy, was fantastic- he gave us great food recommendations, and after asking about my taste preferences, even made me a custom drink with rosemary... one of the best drinks I've ever had. 
This was our favorite meal in New Orleans- really great seafood (try the crab cheesecake!) awesome drinks, and a great atmosphere. 
We will definitely be back!Great ambiance, beautiful room with elegant architecture and amazing center staircase. It took a long time to be seated but food portion and quality were great. We went hoping to hear some nice jazz music played while we ate but the 3 gentleman playing did it sporadically for only a few minutes at a time which was disappointing. However the reception and waitstaff were very friendly.Service was good but my iced tea could have been refilled faster. The gumbo and entree was good but shrimp had an old but not spoiled taste. Didn't have the distinct spices and flavor like other local restaurants. Good atmosphere though.We needed to do take out. How can food eaten out of cardboard boxes taste so good. Service was very fast. Crab cheesecake was delicious. White chocolate bread pudding. So good.The service, style and sophistication are always top notch at this restaurant. They have a different waiter for your main food and then a separate one for your dessert and drinks, very classy.Has the bananas foster, it was terrible, came out completely melted, service was not much better!4 STARS. Great food and service. The white chocolate bread pudding was fresh and interesting. Glad to have stopped in here.The Palace Café is a great place to get breakfast. Sure, there are a lot of things that are hard to pronounce on the menu, but there is plenty to like here. I recommend the French toast, which comes with praline syrup and lots of berries. Coffee is also pretty good too, and contains chicory.
Make sure to get a reservation though - this place fills up fast.We went at 9:45, right before the place closed. Food and service were excellent. Loved the crab cheesecake, andouille crusted fish, and bananas foster. I'm not a fish person, but they may have converted me!I needed a place for an easy lunch. Palace fit the bill. I was in heaven sitting on the sidewalk and the petite campagne returned me to France. Waiters are attentive and food excellent. These Waiters are far nicer than any i had in France.I came here for a quick business lunch and the service, attitude and speed with which we were served was top-notch.  The food was good, not amazing, but seems like a very reliable kind of place.  Nice decor as well on the inside...lively without being too loud of overbearing.An upscale restaurant with a very limited menu.  Service is excellent and ambiance is definitely upscale.  Found the server to be very accommodating when it came to switching out potatoes and veggies on the dinner, which was greatly appreciated.  The drink menu was good and desserts looked amazing, but we were too full to eat any.  RETURNED again and had a bad experience with Vicky C. as server; she was cold, unfriendly and slow.  Her badge said that she was a Captain, which was probably of the Titanic!  If you go, do not have her as your server.With all of the great restaurants in New Orleans, I never would have picked this spot, but it was part of a conference dinner, so I didn't have a choice.
The BBQ Shrimp app was tiny 2 prawns and 1 small shrimp (kinda strange to include just 1).
I finally had a hurricane here. It was pretty sweet. I'll take sazerac as a signature NOLA drink over this.
One interesting thing about this place is you can make your dish "creole style." This means they add crawfish and creole spices to your dish. My husband opted for this to go with his fish, and it elevated the dish.
I ordered the signature pepper-crusted duck dish. I asked for med rare, but this was more like medium. It was still pretty good. The accompanying foie gras was mediocre though.
The staff made it very easy to go with a large group: everyone got their own separate check.
It was fine, but I would have much preferred to go to Jacques Imo, Gatreau's, or Dante's Kitchen for more inventive cuisine on my last night in NOLA. Sigh. I guess they'll have to wait for my next trip!Went here w my gf and her bff and her bf. what the f!?!?  So this is old school kind of giant restaurant like Arnaouds. Lots of pomp and circumstance but kinda lacking in the food dept. Full disclosure...our 2 servers jessika and joi were prob 2 of the best ever. Very knowledgeable, prompt, friendly...just awesome. We had a decent charcuterie, decent cocktails. Main courses were the house special shrimp, the duck, a roasted pork tenderloin and andouille crusted drum fish.  I tried them all and kinda just blah. And everything was Luke warm. And the portions were small. My
Shrimp had flavor but it's was borderline cold and I think there might have been 5/6 shrimp on the small size. My gf had a really bland duck, her bff had the pork. Eh. And the drum fish described as a light flakey white fish you had to cut w a knife and just had a bad taste. Oh and my side of fried oysters came to the table after I finished eating. We had a bananas foster table side and I'm kinda biased but it was slightly better than ok. $300 all in. 2 3/4 stars, not 3.We walked in off of Canal Street and were seated immediately upstairs by the window. After perusing the menu and asking our waitress a few questions, we both decided upon the Shrimp Tchefuncte (Gulf shrimp, Creole meunière, roasted mushrooms, popcorn rice, green onions). The flavors were exquisite! The service was excellent! But the portion sizes for a $19 entrée left us both hungry. See picture below. (5 medium sized shrimp, a scoop of rice and a bit of sauce) 
Really? Did I get the adult sized meal or just the kiddie sized meal? This is a nice place for a tasty light snack, but WE WALKED OUT OF THE RESTAURANT STILL HUNGRY. I wasn't interested in spending another $40 at this overpriced, overhyped bistro to feel like I had eaten a real meal. They do bring you lots of bread and butter, but who goes to a restaurant to fill up on bread and butter? If you want to get filled up for a lot less money, go to the Popeye's Fried Chicken just down the street.Aside from feeling like we were banished from the main seating area and put in a far far back corner...ok, we were lookin' a bit rough (frizzy hair, tired eyes) and may not have been in business suits like the rest of the diners, but we were dressed appropriately... we had great food. and crappy service.  One of our servers probably should have kept her grumpy self in bed that day, she never even cracked a smile or anything, it became quite a joke really... we were either twiddling our thumbs waiting for a tea refill or we were practically wrestling our glass out of the tea-masters hands so we could drink it.  Appetizer came way too early, we sat for quite some time waiting for our entree.  The best service was during dessert.
Our food was really really excellent and I was surprised.  I shouldn't have been.  I had the Andouille Crusted Fish and my sister had a fabulous shrimp dish, the Shrimp Trifuncte.  We started with the eggplant and crab seasonal appetizer.  It was our last meal in New Orleans for while so we shared the bananas foster for dessert.  Yum!  Our banana foster show-man was quite personable and sweet.  
I was just so disturbed by the service I can't possibly give this place more than 3 stars.  I'd give it a 4.5 on food and a star on service, maybe.  I'd go back and hope for better treatment by the staff because I need to have that fish dish again.Basically a group of us from the conference I was at went here because it was right across the street from out hotel, but we were definitely satisfied. 
I don't really like fish or spicy (I know, why was I in New Orleans?), but I  do like shrimp. So, I had the Shrimp Trifuncte -- a lot of other reviews mention this too.  I asked the nice waitress if it was spicy and she promised me it wasn't--but that it was flavorful. I had also never heard of popcorn rice. I came to find out that it was rice cooked with popcorn kernels or something like that. 
The food was delicious, slightly salty, but the mushroom/shrimp combination was great.  The service was wonderful. Other people in  group were also satisfied with their food. I tried a bite of the espresso creme brulee someone ordered for desert and was impressed by the bananas foster that was made tableside. The restaurant itself was very accommodating of our group of 7 and was decorated beautifully for Christmas.  Apparently this restaurant is one of several owned by the Brennan family.It's a beautiful atmosphere and the waiters/chef are quick with everything but I did not enjoy the food at all. The only thing I liked were the mashed potatoes... WHICH WERE AMAZING. But other than that... I would have to say I am without a doubt disappointed.The food and service were great! Nikita was fabulous! She made great recommendations and her feed back was honest. This was my first time colong and it lived up to the reviews!The best of the best! We have been coming here every Valentines day since 2007. Our favorite is the crabmeat cheese cake,  andouille crusted fish and seafood gumbo. Finish with the Bananas foster!!
Top notch service and food always amazing! They have lots of seating but make a reservation to ensure a table. The brunch is also tasty.Turtle soup was excellent as was the seafood Gumbo.  The service was also great.  Although the atmosphere depends heavily on where you sit, we had a great table on the second floor.Great hangout on Canal if you do t want to be in the crowds of the Quarter. Walked in at 7pm on a busy Friday and found welcoming service at the Black Duck Bar upstairs.Atmosphere was really good. The wait staff were really helpful and personable. 
My group shared a couple bottles of wine and some appetizers and we didn't end up paying as much as I expected. The shrimp beignets and the oyster loaf were both buttery and delicious. Fish was super fresh and well cooked. The alligator sausage (not sure if that's what it is called) was also great.
The description says business casual but we dressed up because it was our first dinner down here. Some people were wearing shorts and t-shirts so it's not a strict dress code but I would dress up a little bit, but nothing too fancy!I almost didn't go here because the reviews were less than 4 stars. But thankfully I didn't trust yelp.
The Palace Cafe was so good that we cancelled our reservations for Commander's Palace.
What could make it this good? 
-Succulent fall off the bone pork shank.
-Tender, juicy duck. 
-Crawfish cheesecake that is so smooth, flavorful, and easily the best one I've ever had (and I've had quite a few). 
-The waiter telling us the story of Banana's foster while he made a perfect banana's foster that was completely gluten-free. 
-Having a gluten-free menuI would recommend to seat inside, as the interior is beautiful including the bar upstairs! Their specialty is schrimp tsuchefunte* (sp) was delicious... I licked the sauce with the rice! The cream brûlée was spectacular & their hot tea was exceptional as well. The service didn't match the food. We had a large group, so the beverage waiter did not ck back & we run out of tea three times... Waited too long for dessert!! I Jessika give me an attitude when I asked for our dessert status!Nice little restaurant, had the creole egg skillet. Portion sizes are a tad small but are tasty. Highly recommend!I would have rated four stars but could not based on the service we received.  However I do think it was due to our server.  We sat outside and tables served by the other person seemed to be getting better service.  We asked for water 3 times and never received any.  We had to ask to order our main course.
The food was very good.  We shared an oyster appetizer which was delicious.  The andouille crusted Gulf fish was cooked perfectly.  We would have ordered dessert but figured we had little chance of actually getting it!Great food and deserts, but service could be better! Convenient location from Marriott!Peter's Planters Punch is fabulous! Very Citrus-y & refreshing with a nice rum kick! The spinach salad with egg and candied bacon was good but not great. The bacon was a bit hard to chew and not very flavorful. The Crab Cheesecake was shaped like a slice of quiche. Oh yeah, they also provide a warm and crusty baguette too. Good to go!
By the way, Chuck and Lloyd both serviced my table...both HOT! They were so attentive and had great senses of humor. They made the dining experience even more enjoyable because of their jovial attitiudes.we were a group of 10 people. We ordered a dish 
Shrimp Tchefuncte that the server told us would go really well with the Andouille Crusted Fish of the day. This was his recommendation!
So when the server made that recommendation, we thought it meant, all of that is one entree.But it wasn't. He ordered both the meals for each person and we got charged for two entrees. A Total of $40 bucks with tax. Thats a very expensive entree.
NOT OKPam is the best server in the Palace.  Great atmosphere. Good prices.  We had the desserts. One of each and it was definitely worth it.Excellent fast service. Had soup of the day-spicy tomato bisque. It was outstanding. Had the filet with shrimp. Both done just right for me. Blueberry cheesecake cobbler for desert.  I'd recommend it any time.We went on a Thursday night...no problems getting a table.   Nice ambiance but very casual and relaxed.  The service was excellent.  Dan the Man and everyone else...5 stars!  The bread was a great start.  4 stars.  We started with pan roasted oysters, which were cooked just right, but the dish was kinda bland, 3 stars. We had the Weismann salad, it was very tasty, but very much like a Cesar salad. 4 stars.  Our entree was the Diver Oyster special... It was outstanding!  5 stars.  We had the signature bread pudding for desert.  It was tasty but not amazing...3.5 stars.Went here over the weekend bc the bf wanted the bourbon milk punch. Not an alcohol fan but I would have this again! Sweet and delicate, perfect for brunch! We got the crab cheesecake and it was okay very interesting and unique. I would definitely recommend food lovers/darers to try! For desert white chocolate bread pudding, perfect amount of sweetness and not too sweet.Andouille encrusted fish was OK. A bit soggy and not what I was expecting but the sauce helped a lot. White chocolate bread pudding for dessert was moist and delicious. Good selection of Louisiana beers on tap and my two bartenders were fantastic.Great service! The Palace Cafe was recommended by the doorman and he was right. Delightful! The crab cheesecake was amazing. Loving NOLA!!This place right here was de-lish. I can't wait to go back to new orleans to try something different. The employees were wonderful and I got my 1st bloody Mary and now in love with it!! The establishment had a trio walking around the music was wonderful I hate they never made it to our table. The atmosphere was fantasticThe fried oyster appetizer and the crab cheese cake should have been the dinner. Followed by banana foster desert. These were the highlight of the dinner. Service was great and they kindly accommodated three late arrivals.Had a fabulous time tonight. Everything was perfect and dessert was beyond delicious !!!Shrimp roll was pitiful. Imported farm raised nasty shrimp.  Butter on bun was rancid.  Don't eat at this typical New Orleans tourist "never going to see you again" service and less than fresh food place. 
Seafood gumbo was old.  Rotten oyster, 1 only, over cooked, falling apart sausage, 1 rubber shrimp in a bowl.  Rice was hard, leftover.  NASTY. 
Server appeared to work at a carnival in his off hours.  Dirty uniform, rude, and just didn't give a hoot about delivering good service.  
DO NOT EAT HERE.  There are too many truly good restaurants outside of the tourist zone.I LOVE THE POTATO CHIPS!  The french onion soups was not a traditional one, it contains sausages that give a nice flavor.  The salads are nice and crispy which fresh greens.  I am from California and expect that all salads should have nice crispy fresh greens.  
The first time we sat downstairs for lunch.  We had at least three people helping us.  My mother ordered the burger and enjoyed the caramelized onions.  She thought it was amazing.  I thought it was alright, I mean you pay the price.  
The bread is fresh and the ice tea and lemonade taste homemade.  
The second time we brought my father.  He loves the potato chips too!  They are crispy and have a criss cross style.  They are not to thick or taste greasy at all. 
 This time we sat upstairs which did not have as good as services at all.  However the view was nice and relaxing.  My dad's pot pie which was a fancy version was a let down.  It was way to dry and looked a lot better then it did taste.   It was not so bad that we could not eat it , but it was not good.  I do not know if it is because we expected to much.
It is pricey but it is because of the spot and the environment.Way better breakfast than Ruby Slipper! 
The shrimp and grits dish at the palace cafe is to die for ! The environment and service was great! Definitely coming back !I come to New Orleans regularly for work and this is a staple restaurant. Always delicious food, good service, and nice ambiance. My most recent visit I had the best Gumbo I have had. Very good food. You can't miss here!The Palace Cafe was wonderful.  Had the crabmeat cheesecake and the St. Charles Pasta.  Both were outstanding.  Service was wonderful.  Sat outside but after going inside to the restroom would have loved to sit inside with the hexagon tile floor, high ceilings, etc.  This is a place not to be missed.  Right on Canal Street at the edge of the French Quarter.Ran in for a quick solo dinner on a work trip. Shrimp Tschefuncte were amazing, and the Bananas Foster was the perfect capper. Service from the guys at the bar was great too.So I was concerned coming to the Palace Café due to its hype and facade of bright lights on Canal Street.
After arriving too early for lunch and not wanting to have their breakfast buffet, I'm very happy that they were willing to sit us to enjoy a meal.
To put it simply, we LOVED Palace Café including its food, staff, and the atmosphere.
We were drawn to the restaurant because of their signature "Crab Cheesecake" which - no offense to the restaurant - should be called a "Crab Quiche." But was it delicious - oh yes, definitely!
Aside from the delicious entrees we got, the Godiva Cappuccino and Sailor's Coffee sweeten our taste buds on a great morning.
Nevertheless, their customer service was beyond excellent. Having Nikki as our server brighten our mood with her loveable hospitality. Jackson handled our alcohol and made sure it was brought out elegancy. Mike was our busboy who quickly helped Nikki while checking in on our table whenever something is empty. Nevertheless, having the managers of Shannon and Dashan blew us away because they were willing to get their hands dirty and made sure everyone was comfortable.
Overall, this place is a must for anyone wanting to enjoy great food. Thank you!I enjoyed a delicious early lunch at this classic gateway to the French Quarter. The crab cheesecake did not disappoint. Also recommended: the Bananas Foster, which is prepared table side and goes down easily with some of their chicory-infused coffee.Can't help but yelp. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants, 20 years ago. The food last night was mediocre at best and the service was terrible. The staff looked like they were all sharing the same batch of meth, but they had no sense of urgency. We paid a whopping $286.00 for four of us plus 20% tip but we will NEVER go back. The rat faced bartender was pissed off when we ordered drinks before we went to our table and there was no one else at the bar. Service was rude and ugly. In every sense of the word.We decided to spend New Years in New Orleans for my sister and her husband's 30th birthday.  What better way to spend your dirty thirty than to be eating and drinking your heart out in the dirty south.
We started off with some coffees and Bloody Mary's.  The crabmeat cheesecake came highly recommended so we ordered one to share.  I was a bit skeptical at first, CRAB MEAT CHEESECAKE?! But it's only called a cheesecake because it resembles one.  It's more like a quiche in my opinion.  The creole meuniere sauce with the mushrooms was my favorite part.  (I'm not going to pretend I didn't just google what meuniere sauce was either.)
And then came the entrees.  My sister ordered the Shrimp Tchefuncte.  Apparently they have a brunch version and a lunch version of this dish.  Since it was New Years Day I guess the jazz brunch version was not available.  Nonetheless the dish was still delicious.  I ended up ordering the Pasta St. Charles.  Creamy deliciuos pasta with shrimp.  Yum.
The service was on point and the whole place is very cute, but honestly I wasn't blown away.  I've been to New Orleans so many times and I really may have just ordered the wrong items but the food just didn't give me that wow factor.  If there was one item on this menu that I would definitely come back for, it would be the crab meat cheesecake.Best andouille crusted fish ever. I topped it with fried oysters that were divine. Creamy inside and crispy on the outside. It came with a bed of cauliflower, zucchini and onions that blended perfectly with the dish. The sazeracs here are better than Waldorf Astoria sazerac bar. Overall delicious meal with decent prices and great tasting drinks. Will def come here again if I'm in New Orleans.Ate here almost everyday while in NO, you would have thought since it's on the main strip it wouldn't have been all that great and why go here when there are so many other places to choose from. I was hooked on the crab claws, yummmmmm.  I also tried the ribeye which was great! I can't remember everything else, but everyone that I know went enjoyed their food. I can't wait to go back to New Orleans...first stop Palace Cafe!If you get there early you can here live music going table to table very smooth songs. Try the fish/seafood and banana foster for your dessert it's delicious!! the server makes it in front of you and there's fire involved very funn. Servers were great though the girl that sat us down was not having a good day and the bread was hard. My girl tried the rotisserie chicken and did not like it too much.Staff is very friendly. We had a drink server and food server. Food was good, crab cheesecake is like a quiche. Andouille Golf Fish was very tasty cooked excellent. Banana fosters presentation was cool- they will cook it over flame right in front of you! 
Check out the appetizers at the bar- great happy hour- half price appetizersLoved it! Outstanding service and the entrees were great! My wife has a food allergy and they took special care of her. A little pricey but the food was very good. Would have given 5 stars but bread in a bag unsliced? Hmmm! Not what you get in a five-star place.Excellent service, crab claws and bananas foster! 
Come here for appetizers or dessert. Enjoy a good meal elsewhere.The service was terrible. We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated with having made a Reservation. When seated we waited 1 hour for our food to be served. The reason as the man in the Blue Suit stated " We did not put your order in, soooo sorry." We were too.Crabmeat cheesecake reminded me of a quiche ... It was definitely different . if you're looking for something sweet I would not suggest this cheese cakeThe management did not charge us for the and duck part of our revellion dinner.Duck dried out and flavorless. Good thing I was not putting all my birthday cheer just on this place. Had the most wonderful lunch at the Blind Pelican their duck sandwich WAS WONDERFUL.Amazing creme broule as well as the cochon au lait!
Ambiance is very french like and everything is very cute.A couple of friends recommended this restaurant so thought we had to check it out. Started out with the Crab Claws Bordelaise in a butter and garlic sauce. Then I ordered the Shrimp Tchefuncte and for dessert the Bananas Foster. Everything was so delicious and had a lot of flavor.Went here for dessert. Really liked the upstairs bar. Daiquiris and colada's were horrible and a waste of $$$.     Shortcake is #1 and Bananas Foster was #2 (small portion).Since the first time I ate at this wonderful Brennan's family establishment five years ago, I have always wanted to keep coming back for the stellar service, beautiful atmosphere and delicious food. I chose to eat here on my birthday and I could not have been happier with my Ribeye and the always much anticipated and heavenly Bananas Foster for dessert. I also really enjoyed the voodoo cocktail of the month.  I can't recommend this place enough.Can't tell you how much I love this place!  I highly recommend the Sunday Jazz Brunch.  The service was great and very efficient.Stopped in for an early lunch as this was right by our hotel. The outdoor patio was very nice and it was fun to people watch but the servers outside seemed like they were annoyed with everyone. The waitress and waiter were both working the outside area and even with 2 servers, the service was slow and very impersonal. The food we had was really good but the service really disappointed.I'm a fan. After trying to find a place open at 3 pm I stumbled upon this place. It was open, I looked at the menu and I could afford the burger.
I got sat immediately. Being at this place really made you feel like royalty. It was pretty nice and they weren't overbearing. I had the burger which was good and I enjoyed the fries though I thought they could use a little less salt. Over all. Good food, but EXCELLENT service.I came here last night with a big group - my fiancé and his colleagues were in New Orleans for a conference, and I tagged along.
Our group of 15 sat down at 8:30 (we had made a reservation) and were given warm bread and butter. I appreciated this, because it took the waiters almost 45 minutes just to take our dinner order. By the time our appetizers arrived, it was 10:00 pm. When we asked what was taking so long, the waiter replied, "you know, it's not like we purposefully are taking a long time, it just takes a long time." Finally at around 10:45 our entrees showed up. I'm giving 3 stars because the food itself was delicious. I had the duckling with foie gras and it was amazing. At 11:15 the waiter clears our entrees and asks if anyone would like to order dessert. At this point I would have thought they would have just brought us a few desserts on the house, considering as a table we ordered at least 5 bottles of wine, and two course dinners for everyone. Instead, we joked about having to wait another hour for dessert and asked for the check instead.
This place could be great, but if they can't accommodate large parties they shouldn't take large reservations.Wonderful ambiance nice bar, food is great, a bit pricey. Plenty of wine selections to choose from around the world.Service was impeccable!! Dria is SO personable and is one of the best waitresses I've had in a while! 
Food was delicious!  Had the bananas foster prepared tableside. Classic Brennan's atmosphere!! Bravo as always!!I enjoyed the Café Eggs Benedict here, my go-to breakfast dish. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the pork was delicious. The only critique here was that the cheddar biscuits were a little hard, which can be easily corrected.
I sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while I did some people watching! Service was great, my waiters were very attentive. Overall, a decent meal, but I'm not sure I would go back based on the value. You can easily go over $20 a person from one plate and one small juice.
I may have to come back for the Turtle Soup, Lunch or Dinner for a better experience because breakfast was just okay.I always hear local hipster's dogging on the Brennan's but you know something they have great menus with superb execution and phenomenal customer service(at least at the Dickie Brennan restaurants). Say what you will, Dickie Brennan and his family and partner, Steve Pettus create a wonderful dining experience.  The renovation of the old Werlein building is exquisite with all the Parisian fixtures, the open windows into the kitchen so you can see your creme brulee being torched and the spectacle of a Banana's Fosters flambeed table-side without the loss of life or limb.  If you have problems with anything you bring up to management or one of the Brennan's family members who are inevitably wandering the floors of their business, I have never had an issue that wasn't remedied promptly and to the betterment of my meal.I ordered the cheeseburger which was to be medium well. It was severely over cooked and dried out. My friend's salad was iceberg lettuce which was unimpressive. The bathroom had one toilet that was filled with toilet paper and unusable. The stall we used had no paper on the dispenser, you had to unroll it yourself. For a place that appeared to be classy on the outside, once we were inside, the classy became trashy.Really amazing place and food. Locally sourced food, homemade dishes, and excellent staff. I had the chicken breast with gnocchi and the goat cheesecake, they were amazing, particularly the cheesecakes, it is the best I ever had. This is my first day in New Orleans ever and coming here was Definitely worth it (and set the tone for the rest of the trip!!)We ate at Palace Cafe for breakfast and were surprised that there was only 1 item on the menu (eggs, with the option of grits and sausage on the side), but we assumed if they only did one thing, they must be good at it.  We could not have been more wrong.
First, our server was a special combination of slow and confused, so it took a half hour to even get him to take our order.  Another half hour goes by before our food comes, at which point one of the four meals is missing.  It turns out that part of the order was never put in.  Their solution was to quickly half cook some eggs, so we ended up with raw egg soup.  A fitting finish to an already terrible eating experience.Good food.  We went in for dinner and I had the rotisserie chicken with the truffle mashed potatoes.  It was very good.  The only downside is that the service was awful. Our waitress was rude and was more interested in her table of 6 than us.  We saw her when she took our order and gave us her check.The worst salty food ever! Taste like pure salt!
Our waitress did not care, just shrugged her shoulder. Run...... Waste of hard earned money!We were in NO on our trip and visited this place twice., and both times the food was excellent. We sat outside and ordered appetizers because it was late. Spinach salad came with tasty dressing which I enjoyed. I wanted to try gumbo in NO, and theirs was no disappointment. Crabmeat cheesecake was good, too. It may have been pricy if we had full dinner, though.Gotta love a restaurant that lets you add a side of pre-picked crab to whatever you order. Next time I will sit at the bar in front of the kitchen window - looked like a lot of fun.