Wow! Definitely tops the short list of good Latin American food in New Orleans. I had the mole the first night, had to come bak within 24 hours for another go and chose the chilequiles with steak and eggs. Both choices were equally as delicious. Great ambiance, prices and food!Dining at Panchita's is an uplifting and casual affair where you can expect extremely fresh ingredients and house made everything. I tried the queso fiesta w/chips and the Jarocha (I think it was called) that was delicious and filling. Portion size was great and the queso fresco was fantastic. 
I tried their mango juice and it was thick and sweet, I haven't mango juice like that since I was in Ecuador. If you have traveled in Mexico and enjoyed the food, you will not be disappointed with the national dishes and truly authentic ingredients.Best authentic Mexican food we have had in New Orleans! Homemade everything and very fresh! Free chips and delicious housemade salsa and salsa verde.I LOVE this place. Deliciously authentic food and their margaritas are BOMB! Don't miss this place.We visited here on Cinco de Mayo.  It was packed, but we quickly got a table.  The restaurant was not clean.  The service was quick and attentive.  I had a chicken quesadilla and my girlfriend had the shrimp tacos.  I've had many better quesadillas in New Orleans.  The shrimp in the tacos were so small; they looked they came out of a can.  The food was mediocre at best.  There are much, much better mexican restaurants in New Orleans. Don't waste your time here; you're not missing anything.Sloppy, soggy, fried "food". And we tried the complete sampler. Not a single item reminds me anything whatever remotely Mexican.Food Poisoning!! Came here with my fiancé on our first night of vacation in NOLA. This place was located near the AirBnB we stayed at and overall, Yelp reviews looked decent so we decided to stop by. The fiancé had a dish with shrimp and the very next day he started to feel low grade food poisoning symptoms, until they progressively escalated day by day. Doing a deeper dive of Yelp reviews, this isn't the first time someone's had food poisoning from this joint. I will say that the customer service was wonderful, the chips and salsa were especially tasty, and the mojito I had was strong and delicious.Our favorite place to go on Tuesdays!! $2 tacos and $4 margaritas! Service is always prompt, the wait staff is very friendly :) don't forget to order the black beans!!Cool littler diner style Mexican with hand carved wood seats. I got a steak platter and only received 2 tortillas, was not asked if I wanted corn or flour but received flour which seemed to be made in house and authentic which I was fine with and the Steak seemed to be of satisfactory quality. They serve alcohol and mixed drinks, I ordered Horchata which was delicious and a staple for me at Mexican spots. Will be back to try another dish.Nice little Mexican place just off of Carrollton. They have a wide selection of dishes ranging from simple tamales to carne asada as well as seafood dishes.
I had the tamales which were a little underdone to my taste, but still quite good, served in their banana leaf wrapper. In the past I had the tacos which were excellent with corn tortillas and slow cooked meat. 
The beer is all bottled with a variety of Mexican beers and the local staple of Abita amber. The place was quiet when we got there so we seated ourselves; the waitress was very friendly and did a great job of taking care of our order.
In all it's pretty solid Mexican food. It's not the best I've had, but it's cheap and good. We managed two beers and two entrees for about 21 dollars plus tip, not bad at all.Meh. Really was hoping for better. Live around the corner, went once, was underwhelmed and don't plan to return.Every time I go to a new (and sometimes when I am a repeat customer) Mexican restaurant I get tacos. I think you can always judge a joint based on how they make their tacos. And their tacos were good. Plus it was served as a lunch meal, including rice and beans. I went with a friend so we ordered the fiesta queso as well. If I have one recommendation for any/all people going here...get the fiesta queso. It was so very yummy. Although be careful, because after all that food I was stuffed!
The service was also really good. We opted to sit outside and not once did I feel like we were being neglected. Because let me tell you, my water glass was never empty (except when we left). And that is always a win in my book.My girlfriends and I stopped by while visiting from California and we absolutely loved the authentic flavor of the food. They have decent prices and a mom & pop feel. I ordered the chicken flautas with rice, black beans and side salad. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Best Mexican food I have found in New Orleans in quite some time. I had the shrimp fajitas which were plentiful and couldn't even finish. The corn tortillas were so soft and melted in your mouth. I'm really picky about refried beans, but these were delicious! Th margarita was average but I'd definitely order it again. The server was so friendly and everything came out at just the right time! This is definitely my new go to, for Mexican food. It's also a plus that it is in within walking distance from my house!Best Mexican food in New Orleans. Great location, too.Wow I was really surprised to read all the bad reviews about Panchita's!
I love this place!! Best Mexican food in New Orleans. After eating here I never want to go back to the other mexi-american restaurants in New Orleans like Felipe's, Nacho Mammas, or Tacqueria Corona, they don't even compare. I think the other people writing these reviews should actually go to Latin America and eat because they obviously have no idea what REAL Mexican food tastes like. 
Yes the tortilla chips are a bit greasy, and thats because they fry them in house with real tortillas! Also another review said the salsa was watery, well yes it seems watery because it is made in house from real vegetables which mainly consist of water! (Like tomatoes!) They have some of the best salsa verde I have ever had in Louisiana, and you can always guarantee that the salsa was made either that day or the night before! Another review also said the Burrito was the worst they ever had. I would like to say that their burritos are some of the best I have ever had, and no the burritos here taste nothing like the burritos you will get at Felipe's because they are real and authentic and apparently some people don't know what a real burrito tastes like!!! 
Ok enough venting about other people. Panchita's is some of the best AUTHENTIC Mexican food in New Orleans, if you want highly processed mexi-american food then this is not the place for you! Also I have never had a problem with the service at Panchita's except for maybe a slight lost in translation incident. 
So when you go to Pnchita's I suggest you try the 3 Tostadas, 3 Roll Fried Tacos, Burritos, and defiantly the salsa verde! They also have great Margaritas and fresh watermelon and pineapple juices that are awesome!The worst Mexican food In NOLA. Tasteless, bland cheese and dry tamales. Avoid this place.Excellent, well priced Mexican-Puerto Rico food. We had an excellent waiter, Frank, but he was terminated. Not going to eat there anymore, they fired my favorite waiter!I was in need of comfort food on Friday, and my two categories of comfort food are "Mexican" and "Breakfast."  Panchita's has both.  I got huevos a la mexicanas, which is eggs scrambled with pico de gallo, plus beans, rice, and corn tortillas.  For a vegetarian, the refried beans are the test of every Mexican or Tex-Mex place. The refritos were totally acceptable, and I like that they gave me a little bowl of beans with a same-sized scoop of rice.  They also added a little cup of crumbled queso fresco.  I get tired of Tex-Mex places glopping rice and beans all over the whole plate, and this was a much nicer way to serve it.   The pico de gallo in the eggs tasted fresh and homemade, and the server was on time and helpful and kept our drinks filled.  
My lunch partner had a taco salad (minus the fried taco shell, which the staff readily agreed to) with steak.  It looked like a good fresh big salad, and she said it was really good.  
The joint is pretty small, the chairs are kind of bulky and weird, and the bathroom is not dirty but not particularly picturesque, and very small.  The prices are totally reasonable, and I would definitely return.Your average American Mexican Restaurant to a tee.  Our server was very sweet and was sure to keep us filled up on drinks and chips.  Otherwise, the meal was pretty unremarkable.  Very safe bet if you're in the mood for Tex-Mex.  No complaints from anyone in our family.  Enjoy the sidewalk seating if the weather is nice!First of all, disclosure here:  I am a vegetarian, so a lot of the menu items were off limits to me.  Let's begin with the positive:  love the location, right on Carrollton so I could watch the streetcars roll by.  Other than that not much else positive, except the complimentary chips and salsa, neither of which were a hit with me but it was nice to have them.  I ended up going with the veggie burrito, no beans as they were cooked with lard.  It had about a tablespoon of guacamole, fajita bell peppers and onions, shredded cheese and white rice.  Yes, plain white rice.  This to me was the biggest disappointment.  The veggies were nice but the burrito overall lacked flavor.  I dumped  the remaining salsas into it but it only helped a little bit.  If I go back again it would sadly be only for the location.  It looked like a nice mix of tourists and locals so the non-veg menu items must be good.The chips and double salsa was a great start. The chicken nachos were also delicious, with a generous portion of chicken. We ordered a lot of different fishes, including the specials. Everything was well seasoned and the meats were tender and cooked perfectly. My favorite was the trio of tacos. So, when in doubt, you can't go wrong with the tacos. There was a spicy habanero house sauce that topped it off, but it's not for you if you can't handle spice. 
As for drinks, Micheladas were delicious and paired best with the Bohemia beer as oppose to Corona. 
Service was good. The waitress was very knowledgeable and friendly. 
I would highly recommend this place and will return.This is my favorite Mexican Restaurant in New Orleans.  It's about a 6-block walk from my house and I probably average being there about once per week  -- some weeks it seems like 2 or 3 times.
I don't eat meat and Panchita's has some excellent choices for that palette.  The vegetarian burrito is the bomb diggety -- big and flavorful.  The fish is my favorite taco, although the shrimp is good, too.  The fish seems to have a more intense flavor.  They always have great fresh ingredients -- pico de gallo and either guacamole or just a slice of avocado.  The shrimp fajitas were OK, but would not be my first choice.
One of the things that I like is that the food preparation is always slightly different on each visit.  You don't know if you will start off with one, two, or even four different salsas with the chips.  I don't know f'r sure, but my guess it that they are all house made.  The tacos might come with guacamole or just with fresh avocado -- always a little surprise.
Sometimes I will just go over for the Fiesta Queso and margaritas.  I really like the margaritas -- probably my second favorite in the city after Santa Fe.  It's odd, because I know that they are made from a mix, which I don't like.  Usually I prefer margaritas with no extra anything.  Panchita showed me the secret.  The mix directions calls for a 1-to-1 combination of tequila and the mix.  Panchita does 2-to-1!  More tequila -- is good!This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in New Orleans...I have passed by so many times, and never managed to go in.  Well, I'm glad I did.  
First, the free chips and salsa are amazing (why doesn't everyone do that??)  There is a homemade green and red..So fresh and yummy, lots of cilantro - love it!  
If it's your first time heading over - try the sampler platter, it's big enough for two and you get to try a little bit of everything.  After going back several times - I have fallen head over heels for their empanadas.  I like to try out their different homemade sauces too, and last time they brought out the chipotle sauce for a topper.  Delish!
Be sure to order a big old Mexican Coke to compliment your meal.  Not sure why they taste better than the American version, but they do.
Hats off to Panchita's!This place is great.  Never had a bad meal.  The portions are right and the food is fresh and flavorful.  Would recommend to anyone.  Nice to site outside when the weather is cool enough.Stay away from the quesadilla!
I  had a shrimp one and it was four tiny shrimp in a sea of microwaved cheese between an uncooked tortilla. 
My boyfriend had the burrito which was large and tasty (but he'll eat anything). I had the fried tacos which was a pleasant surprise.
I didn't care for the queso/cheese dip. It was melted, lumpy cheese in a bowl. I've had much better but I'd go back with friends.I came here several times this summer. The food was simple, delicious and inexpensive. This is a great little neighborhood Taqueria.Great for a casual dinner with friends. They first served us free chips with a red and green salsa. We ordered house margaritas which were big and so delicious! Pretty cheap too! I got the chicken tamales for only $6.50. Everyone really enjoyed their food and the atmosphere was great especially since they had a man singing and playing guitar in a  corner. I recommend it if you're on a budget and want a fun and not crowded place to eat.I walked past this place during Po-Boy fest and decided to come back for dinner.
It was delicious!  The prices were probably on par with Juan's (but so much better).  You can tell that everything is made to order and on site.  We had this amazing corn tortilla with bean sauce and vegetables on top.
You can tell that they just open since not a lot of people know about it yet.  So, give it a shot!
I would most certainly return!Ate outside watching street car run up and down Carrollton, all in my party was raving about how good all the dishes were. Can tell that the food was all authentic and prepared fresh. Try the margaritas they were great. Service was also good, this will be my New Mexican restaurant when in the area.One of my fav Mexican restaurants!  Friendly service and the food is always great.  I love the authenticity!Never again.  Planned on dinner at Cafe Granada but they were closed. Figured we would give panchitas a try. It's Mexican. How bad could it be? Bad! Really bad! I think I've had been Mexican food at Taco Bell.  Had the enchiladas that were in a deep pool of flavorless green sauce.  Gross! Both salsas were watery and the chips were stale. There are much better Mexican places around. Skip panchitas.This was seriously one of the worst food experiences I've had in a while. Almost everything we ordered was not good. We started with salsa and chips, which were complimentary but the salsa was almost the consistency of water. We also wanted to try the queso dip to start, which was also very watery with small chunks of cheese like it didn't melt down all the way. I ordered empanadas which came with beans and rice, the beans had no flavor at all, the rice was bland as well. The meat in the empanadas was just okay, very greasy. One thing that was really bad was that there was cilantro in EVERYTHING! Every dish we had had a ton of cilantro in it, which wouldn't be a bad thing for people who like cilantro, but both my boyfriend and I can't stand cilantro. We also ordered a chicken quesadilla, which was one of the worse things we ordered. The chicken in the inside tasted like gristle, like all the bad parts of the chicken that you wouldn't normally eat. Service was nice and it was a small, cozy atmosphere. The food came put quickly, but other than that. I will absolutely not be going back to this place.This is a pretty authentic Mexican restaurant that offers a few things that aren't generally offered at most of the other Mexican and Tex-Mex places in the NOLA area.  The margaritas are not that great but the food definitely offers a good value and some very good flavors that are bit more distinctive than most of the other Mexican joints.  If you're bored with the typical Mexican restaurant selection this place can introduce you to some new dishes and they have a nice sampler plate to eat alone or share.It is a nice-looking and decently decorated Mexican restaurant. There is pleasant outside seating, right on the sidewalk. The appetizer chips had two delicious sauces with it. My entree ($9.00) was the Jalapenos Chili Relleno (beef), with sides of rice, refried beans, and a bit of salad. The main problem was not the flavor, which was delicious all around, but the tiny portions. One just doesn't get much, here. So, if you love delicious food and am satisfied with just a little bit of it, this is a place for you. RJTReally good margaritas!! I always take them to go for mardi gras parades! Their food is okay. Not my favorite though.Stopped here with a friend for a quick lunch.  I had a grilled chicken burrito which was ok- nothing spectacular at all.  He had soft tacos with shrimp- the shrimp were tiny (think bait shrimp) and not at all plentiful.
With so many great mexican restaurants in New Orleans, I won't be going back.  I think El Gato Negro in particular has spoiled me.Panchitas is the love of my life. Not only because it is 2 blocks from my house. I spent many a summer of my childhood in central Mexico and falling in love with Mexican cuisine, which varies just as much from city to city in Mexico as pizza does in the USA. So that being said, finding a Mexican restaurant in New Orleans that cooks Mexican food the way I love it, is a challenge. But Panchitas is great! 
Order the jarocha with chicken! The base of it is always freshly made so it takes a wee bit longer than the  tacos or burritos, but i still get my food only like 2 minutes after my friends get their tacos. The margaritas are magical! The green salsa is the best! You cannot go wrong with a burrito either... 
I will tell you that their mole sauce is very distinctive. I actually really don't care for it, so I will warn you to order it only if you're up for a taste adventure, hey maybe you'll love it! My only other disappoint is the horchata. I always find it to be too watery. 
Panchitas is cheap, delicious, fast and always great! Don't come here if you want some kind of Tex-Mex crap covered in cheese, that's what Nacho Mama's is for. Come here if you want authentic food that is inexpensive and yummy.This is the most authentic Mexican food I've found in New Orleans. Absolutely delicious, fresh, home cooked, and cheap! Excellent salsas. Fresh, excellent juices and horchatas.I'm always on the search for good, semi-authentic and inexpensive Mexican food.  This place came close on 2 out of three of those points.
The atmosphere is very "bare bones".  It's basically just a little Mexican diner with "family" style seating in one large, brightly lit room.
They have a wide variety of breakfast, lunch, and dinner choices, which include your basic Mexican faire of burritos, tacos, flautas, etc.
The chips and salsa are complimentary, but the chips aren't served warm (I don't know why they couldn't pop them in a hot oven for 3 or 4 minutes) and the salsas were really watery.
I decided to get a burrito with pork.  It was really big, but it was also really greasy.  I don't know if that's just because the pork was greasy, but the tortilla was so soaked with grease, that it was falling apart.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best I've ever had, either and honestly, I didn't finish it because it was so greasy.  The person I was with had three tacos with black beans and rice.  That looked really good, and if I go back, I think I'll try that.
I would probably go back for lunch or something, but I doubt I would make this a dinner destination, again.This was by far...the WORST Mexican food I have every had and I've had Mexican food all over the U.S, Mexico, and England. I had the Caritas de Puerco and It looked disgusting and tasted exactly the same. The price was expensive for lunch, under seasoned, and flat out bland. Apparently, people in Nola don't know a thing about Mexican food because if you did you would never give this place, more than one star. This restaurant has Mexican cooks  and mexican servers; one would think that they would know good, authentic, more appealing looking Mexican food. However, Nola isn't Los Angeles or Mexico were the food is consistently amazing. I am VERY disappointed!  The only reason why I gave this restaurant a one star is because I had to give them something in order to write this review and the Verde salsa was ok.  I will never come back here again!Great authentic Mexican food option in New Orleans! Cosy atmosphere, excellent service.It was an ok experience. I was craving Mexican food on Easter Sunday and the Velvet Cactus was closed. It looks like a family ran spot, so that's cool, and the servers were professional.The two salsas were great, but the entrees varied between okay and not good. The issue was with the pork, it tasted really old, and we decided not to eat it after a couple of bites. Shame really, as it could be a very good local mexican, but as La Mansion is only a couple of blocks away,  it's up against a really great competitor.This place isn't bad, yet not really good either. I come just to order their plantains and tostadas. The meats are marinated perfectly. You do have to be familiar with traditional mexican restaurant menus to really order. I just wish this city would get a place that serves up REAL MEXICAN FOOD. I'm talking like menudo and authentic tortas.I'm from Denver, where there's halfway decent Mexican food on every corner. Upon moving to NOLA, my hopes weren't high that I would find a good Mexican joint. Behold Panchitas!!  Very respectable authentic Mexican food, just like myexivan father-in-law makes. Terrific salsas and guacamole, good homemade chips. I had the Camarones Diabla, where were very tasty. The margaritas are a bit weak, but the food more than makes up for that.there is not one positive thing I can say about this place. the food was dry and had no flavor. the salsa was terrible.Had been once before and enjoyed it, However...  Took a friend to try Authentic Mexican, but never had the chance...  Was a friday night granted, but there were several empty tables inside and at least 4 servers that I could count.  Btw, the place isn't that big.  So, we sat down, one server brought menus and disappeared, then all of them proceeded to walk all around us for 20 minutes or so never acknowledging that we were there... We decided to leave when we glanced over and saw that  the couple that had sat down at least 10 minutes after us were enjoying drinks, chips & salsa...Panchita's just recently opened bringing Mexican Criolla cuisine to the carrollton area.  We showed up on what turned out to be their first day open.  As such, things there were still very hectic.  The food took over an hour to arrive and about half of it was cold (the restaurant was freezing though, it said 58 degrees).  Ignoring the temp, the food we ordered was good, I think we enjoyed the chicken rolled tacos the most.  They also mixed up our order and several other patrons had their food switched.
I think I will return after they have had a chance to get on their feet and work out all of the kinks.  They ran out of tortillas and offered us anything on the house, you could tell they felt really bad about how the first day was going.  They do seem promising, I think they just need a little time.
The prices were cheap ($6-9/plate), but I do wish they gave you more food.  Even with the extra food they gave, four of us left still a little hungry.Food soooo good and soooo authentic. Waitress was very nice. I will return for breakfast soon! I don't think I've ever had Mexican food for breakfast.This place was amazing! My friends and I were looking for a Mexican place to eat.  I've probably passed this place many times and never stopped.  I am so glad we finally stopped and went in to eat.  It was wonderful.
I ordered the chicken tostadas and they were amazing.  Everyone should go to this place!!! It is sooooooo yummy.Panchita's is amazing! Five stars for the friendly service & atmosphere, and for the chicken enchiladas with green sauce!! I have recently become addicted and think I will start making weekly visits here. This place is a steal - the good is great, the wait is short, and the top shelf margaritas are a great bang for your buck. Definitely one of New Orleans best Mexican spots!For what this is, a small neighborhood café, it's wonderful. The prices are great. The service is good. The food is good. It's not fancy, but it's a great place to go after work and get some good food.We brought the boys and my mother-in-law to Panchita's for dinner. I had the combination platter with a carnitas Mexican tamal, a chicken mole enchilda, and a little entomatada.  I am not a huge mole fan but the tamale and entomatada were outstanding. Full of flavor and perfectly textured.  
My son and mother-in-law had very tasty quesadillas. The chicken tasted flame-grilled and the shrimp were large and perfectly cooked. 
My wife enjoyed a full order of the chicken mole enchiladas. 
And Isaiah was well pleased with his chicken nuggets and fresh cut fries. 
The staff were attentive but not overbearing and our bill with beers and mango juice was $63. We'll definitely be back.As a person from New Mexico my review is a bit biased. It's the best Mexican place I've found in New Orleans, but still meh.I'd heard good things about this place, and was disappointed. It wasn't bad, just not anything special.  
The nachos had a yellow Velveeta-y cheese sauce, which I did not expect. I don't really have a problem with Velveeta cheese sauce, but I certainly did not expect it here.  The whole plate was as big as my head, way too much for one to eat.I just moved to New Orleans from San Francisco and live about three blocks from this place, so I decided to give it a shot - as I love Mexican food and it was rather prevalent where I just came from. The cheap aspect caught my eye. I keep hearing how San Francisco is one of the most expensive cities in the country, so low prices sounded like just what the doctor ordered.
Long story short, I ordered an al pastor burrito and a Pacifico. It cost over $13! That is unbelievable. Even in California, Mexican food is massively cheaper than that, and enough food for two meals. And hey, it wasn't even that good - not horrible, just boring, bland, and the burrito was pretty small.
Service was friendly and quick, and the place was clean. But do not be deceived, it's neither cheap nor amazing.Got three tacos--two steak, one carne asada. Bland flour tortillas, skimpy on the meat, and even skimpier on the cilantro and onions. In short, you'll be disappointed if you're from somewhere with a large Mexican population. Most of the crappy taquerias in Chicago or CA would run circles around this joint at half the price. Curt service to boot. Props to them for gratis chips and salsa. Boo for no free refills on soda fountain drinks.I always pass this place but have never gone inside. I had a bit of time before my next meeting and stopped in. I am so glad I did. The service was fast and friendly. They immediately brought out perfectly salted chips with two delicious house made salsas. The menu is a bit overwhelming but I knew I wanted a Sandia (watermelon) juice and it was so refreshing with the perfect amount of sweet! I decided on the chicken tacos and they came with a good sized portion of beans and rice- I shouldn't have eaten the whole thing but I did. I saved my salsa and added it to the meal and then used the chips to scoop up the tacos filling that had fallen. Delicious! Great artwork as well!Autentica comida criolla 
Lo mejor de lo mejor que he probado.
I liked the Chilaquiles  and that mango juice was delicious.
I will come back soonMy absolute favorite Mexican food restaurant! Best food. best drinks. Best service. I absolutely recommend this place to anyone who loves authentic Mexican food.If I could give no stars I would. Such bad Mexican food. Margaritas came from a box and queso was so bad we sent back. Do not judge New Orleans Mexican off this, it's HORRIBLE. Only good thing is location. HORRIBLE FOOD.Dinner with 2 friends was a success.   I'm surprised by the yelp reviews.  
They have a very large menu and prices are reasonable. The waiter was friendly and made (what turned out to be good) suggestions.  He suggested the fish veracruz I believe it is.  Pan seared talapia thats topped with an olive salsa. It was extremly good. Perfectly seasoned and cooked.  My friends had the chimichangas and the chili relleno. They both loved their meals, although there was no cheese in the chili relleno and it wasnt topped with a sauce which I thought was odd. The chips and salsa were very good. Its nice that they give you 2 salsa options. That green salsa was SO good! 
We shared a pitcher of Sangria that I didn't find particularly great.  Other than that dinner was great. Its the best Mexican food I've had around.  I will definetly return.Food was fantastic and the service was amazing. Best place I've ever eaten traditional Mexican food.La comida estubo bien chida...osea bien hecha y rica el ambiente bien sensacional buena ubicasion atienden bien con rapides amables es la mejor comida veracruzana mexicana.The best authentic Mexican restaurant in town. Good drinks great food, much better than when it first opened , which was good but now it's fantastic.It was just okay. With one exception the shrimp soft taco and the tilapia tacos was good but the tortilla tasted store bought and un flavorful. The chips and salsa were okay, again nothing special....I absolutely love this place! It's the only authentic Mexican restaurant that I have found in New Orleans. No tex-mex here! The owner and chef is from Veracruz, Mexico. The guacamole, chips and salsa are awesome too. They also have taco Tuesday! $2 Tacos and $4 margaritas. The service is great, especially the server with the dreadlocks :)Good, traditional mexican.  I liked the street seating.  The staff was really nice.  I could see this being a regular stop if I lived in the neighborhood.The place is a hole in the wall. We ordered sangria and it had rotten fruit in it. Food was flavorless and it tasted like out of a can. I'm surprised they are still open.I will keep this review small and sweet,  I would have given them 4 stars but the chips were not good at all, hard and bland maybe even a little stale but hey they are FREE right!?!?  I told my friend I sure hope the rest of the food is not like this.  I will say that the salsa that comes with the chips is VERY GOOD; they give you the basic red one and the green tomatillo one, which is the one I prefer.  Now let's get to the food... I ordered the sampler and my friend ordered the fajitas which I found a bit pricey for a lunch item.  For my sampler, I chose a tostada, tamale and a fried jalapeño pepper stuffed with beef, this plate also comes with white rice and black beans.  All I can say is thank God that the food did not taste like the chips.  The tamale cornmeal on the tamale was perfect and the tostada was delicious and the fried stuffed pepper well let's just say that I was wanted to order another one.  I was very happy with the food.  My friend enjoyed her fajitas, very tasty but just a lil pricey for a lunch portion and just let you know they charge $2.00 for refills which I thought was a bit too much.   If I could suggest something to the PANCHITA crew it would be to get fresh made chips!!!Came here for Cinco de Mayo and had a great experience. I wanted to bring my dog and was thankful that they have an outside patio (sidewalk) seating and they were cool with me having my dog there. The margaritas were really good  and strong! I ordered the chicken enchiladas with red sauce. They were delicious, and I could tell that everything was homemade, especially the sauce. The salsa that they served with the chips was also great and authentic. And you know you're getting authentic Mexican food when your enchiladas come with sliced onion and a hard boiled egg on top! YUM!!! 
To top it all off, the prices were very reasonable and the service was great, even on a very busy night! 
Great job guys, keep it up. I will be back!I read some of the other reviews and I will say my experience was quite different from some. My roomate and I both work crazy hours and get home after midnight so this past Tuesday around 10:45am we were having trouble finding a breakfast place and he really wanted a breakfast burrito. We looked up Panchitas on yelp and saw it had a patio as we had the dog with us so decided to give it a try and am I glad we did. The owner personally served us on the patio and said she could turn anything in the menu into a breakfast dish for us. We ended up ordering steak burritos with egg and salsa. She was very attentive and everything was extremely fresh. Like some of the other reviews said if you are looking for Tex Mex this is not your place. If you want home made fresh food
from a friendly talented cook from Mexico you'll find it here.My sister and I ate here the Sunday evening before Mardi Gras. Not all the restaurants in that street corner cluster of restaurants are open on Sundays. Really enjoyed the accoustic guitar player. A surprise for a relatively small place. There are tables outside along sidewalk if you enjoy dining outdoors. I love that they had two kinds of salsa, red and green. The tostado was great and I would get that again. Multiple flavors tasted. It was prepared with more than usual basic taco ingredients. The empanadas were good. So was the  flauta and tamale I tasted. The food is not the typical take on Mexican food you find most places. It was delicious and I will eat here again. You should check it out, too.Very generous portions. Friendly staff. Fun Telemundo shows on tv. Good drinks.Not great.  And you would think with the authentic crew you'd get great food. The complementary salsa was too spicy... and coming from me that means the devil himself picked the peppers. It was a family outing, we got the torta plate, 1 mole enchilada, 3 tacos, and steak nachos. To drink we got the fresh mango and tamarind drinks.  The drinks were at best pretty good.  The food while edible was in no way, shape  or form good. Our meal was 55 bucks.  Take your money and eat some where else.  Juan's Flying Burrito is a good choice.I've been here several times, mostly when I have a craving for Mexican food within walking distance from my house. I have had mostly positive experiences. 
I love their green salsa. I usually steal the little bowl of it all for myself. The chips and salsa are complimentary, a rare commodity in New Orleans (Why is that, by the way? Free chips abound in Houston.). Everything is fresh and tastes pretty good. I've had their quesadilla with guacamole, burrito (which was huge!), and something I had never had before - the jarocha, which is a thick tortilla topped with beans, onions, meat, etc. Very different and very tasty. They're a little less than generous with their beans and rice.
I would not recommend their "queso." It's lumpy and not too tasty. I'm thinking queso  may not be a traditional Mexican food, and this place is very traditional.
Tips: If it's nice out, sit outside -- Carrollton is great for people watching. 
If you want a special non-alcoholic drink, get a Mexican Coke!I'm trying to get more in the habit of giving reviews. Especially since moving to NOLA. This is one of the few Mexican food places I've tried since moving from Arizona. I can't say it was the best Mexican food I've had but it definitely was one of the better in NOLA that I've had so far. I had the steak burrito. Over all I thought it was a little on the bland side but once hot sauce was added it was more tasty. Serve was very friendly but a little on the slow side. 
After the meal the girlfriend and I had Flan for dessert which was covered in whipped cream and scribbled with Hershey's chocolate syrup. It was tasty but the Flan was a little on the dry side. I think if you caught them with freshly made flan it would be on my highly recommend desserts.I have gone to this restaurant several times....not so much because I want to keep coming back but because I have friends who are big fans of their free chips and salsa. The food here is average in my opinion. There are definitely better mexican restaurants in NOLA. 
The atmosphere is pretty fun though. You have TV playing mexican soaps, which like Indian soaps are rather melodramatic and have pretty bad cinematography but highly entertaining nonetheless, even if you don't speak spanish. The dishes the food are served in are pretty native-looking too, which adds to the ambiance of the place. Fun place to hang out with your friends but if want good mexican food too, then I'd say keep looking....I personally think better tacos are to be had at Taqueria Corona on Magazine street.After eating at this place sober... I gotta bump it down a bit
I got the same plate.. Tilapia Veracruz. This time, the dish was a little overcooked leaving my fish a bit dry and brown and the plantains a sticky ball with crunchy edges. 
The enchiladas were not good. The sauce was very plain tomato sauce. The homemade tortillas didnt hold up well to the sauce. 
I'd probably eat here again, but it wouldnt be my first choice.