There was nothing at all wrong with the experience: The lunch time line was moved along quickly by 4 different cashiers, the man who took my order was very polite and efficient, I ordered to go and my food was ready in a reasonable amount of time, I left, and thoroughly enjoyed my bacon turkey bravo. I'm not sure what some people expect! I interviewed at a different Panera location some years ago and did not get a call back... I tried my best but they decided I wasn't "spunky" enough or something. They went on and on during the interview about how it's a "team" environment and used a bunch of other meaningless corporate buzzwords such as "dynamic", "fast-paced"...you get the idea. It's my personal opinion that bad reviews given because somebody had a normal experience (as opposed to "outstanding" or "amazing") selfishly and ignorantly fuels the imposition of unnecessary standards that have their greatest impact on the lowest paid workers. It's just a place to eat-not a damn circus.Very rude manager, and almost every time I have ate here they have made my sandwich wrong. The employees don't know what the different types of bread are. I am often given the wrong bread with my sandwich. When I ask for the correct bread they tell me I am wrong. Tip: asiago cheese Focaccia means there should be cheese on top of the bread. A Focaccia bread would have nothing on it.
Worst manager ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Everything about it is good. Except its a chain in NOLA. I hope i dont come here much, i should support my local shopsI really like Panera, and this is the one closest to our house. The staff is friendly and always knows what ingredients are in what I'm looking for. Panera is probably the only really healthy fast casual place in New Orleans that won't break the bank. I like that when I go, I can work or do some internet browsing in peace without a ton of people making noise like at Starbucks.Came here Thursday afternoon on my lunch break. Holy wow was it packed for a Thursday at almost 2pm. As soon as I walked up to order, I was told it would be a 20 minute wait for food, even if it was to go. What else could I do but wait. I ordered my regular chicken caesar sandwich and sat down to wait. It didn't take 20 minutes, it was about 10. Even though I'd ordered to go, I sat down and ate it there because there was a ton of seating. It seems to go on for miles in the back. If the front seems full, don't worry there is plenty of room in the back. Overall, a similar experience to the one in Metairie. I appreciate the fact it's a lot closer to work, although the parking situation is a pain, having to circle until you see someone about to leave and you stalk them for a spot. But what are you gonna do? It's New Orleans.My daughter and I were on our way home from a long day of volunteering and decided to stop here. This was my first time at Panera. I ordered the creamy tomato soup in a sourdough bread bowl. It was just what I wanted on a cold day. My daughter ordered a half sandwich with chips. You order at the counter, get your own drink and seat yourself. They give you a pager that alerts you when your order is ready. Someone also called my name out as the pager began to go off. The food was good, restaurant was clean, plenty of seating and prices were ok. Parking is free and easy in their lot. I could see myself eating there again.This was my first time here and the menu takes a minute to navigate, but worth it. The food choices look amazing and you'll most definitely find something you'll like.  I had the Bacon Turkey Bravo with broccoli soup and it was...oh my. I will be back again,Soup in a bread bowl. I could eat it every day for the rest of my life (and very well may). Great place to a get a healthy(ish) lunch. The employees are friendly and during the lunch hour they're moving at lightning speed. Just be prepared to answer a lot of questions when you make your order (here? to go? name? 99 cent pastry? panera card?).I think their food deserves a three star rating BUT I gave them 4 stars for what another poster stated that Pamera donates their bread, etc.  I love that!!!!!! 
This place is good for something quick and I guess decent.  
The food is sub-par.  This might be a teeny weeny step above fast food.  Actually it is fast food that they try to make look better by the store design and layout. 
I only really enjoy their breakfast.  I love the Mediterranean sandwich, that is Delish! 
I really don't care for their lunch items.  The quality of ingredients are pretty bad to me.  
Yesterday I had their grilled cheese sandwich, which come on NO ONE can mess up a damn grilled cheese sandwich aka perfection.  Butter, cheese, bread= EASY!  No Panera MESSED up a grilled cheese sandwich ( so this is the scale of "CHEFism we are dealing with, okay people).  Bread: just bad, Cheese: tasteless I mean less flavor then mild cheddar, really???? BLAND ass grilled cheese!!!  
Chicken Caesar salad: you know that type of lettuce that looks almost wilted, dry-ish, and tastes like fake lettuce.  Basically something I think a gas station or McDonalds would sell.
Bagel: good, cream cheese: good. 
So I went with my mom and sister.  Our bill was $50.00 expensive for a sandwich fast food place!  
3 mediocre sandwiches that are SMALL, 
3 bags of chips, 
3 waters, 
one half salad, 
and a bagel with cream cheese.Don't expect your order to be right ever. Steak sandwich with one piece of steak? Never againTbh, Panera Bread has never done me wrong besides the time when they ran out of sweet tea & I had to wait for another batch.Same great food panera always has but the service here is the best. Ginny at the cash register is great, very friendly and professional service.Have gotten a bagel here often lately but tried dinner tonight. The French onion soup barely had any cheese. The baguette was listed on the receipt (I ordered online) but there was none in the bag. Friend's sandwich barely had any filling. Guess I'll stick to just breakfast here :(Check your order before you leave. REPEAT check your bag before you leave. Every time I get something to go they mess it up.
Updated...some things never change. Don't understand how grabbing one bagel can take so long and require multiple people. Wish I hag another option in area bc I hate coming here every time.Gotta love the 1/2 soup/salad/sandwich deals.  Never steered me wrong.The different choices of fresh foods was amazing, I really enjoy my Salad it was fresh and Delicious, the only problem I had was the 25mins I waited for my salad, but the Lady apologize for my long wait, which I appreciated !!!!I enjoy a nice blueberry scone and a pippin hot cup of coffee. Panera hits the spot and that is were the praise ceases. 
As a former retail victim I always like to be extra polite and kind to anyone working behind a counter. This Panera employees are indifferent. They don't genuinely greet you and they don't smile. Not one smile. Nothing. It makes me feel awkward like my presence causes them profound pain that only years of therapy will eradicate.
I also feel like I'm on a terrible first date every time I am here. Like I'm pulling teeth asking them how they are doing today. 
Their customer service desperately needs to be revamped.I like panera a lot, this location not so much. It is a freaking Dump. The carpet smells of mold and mildew. The staff is unfriendly, and not helpful at all. Poorly Lit, will never go back to this location.I'm giving this location a 3 star review because although I like food from Panera, this location is hit or miss.  I think the employees aren't paying attention, only half way know what they are doing, and they're sloppy.
I went in last week and ordered a Mediterranean breakfast sandwich which comes with egg white, cheese, spinach, tomato, and pesto.  I took my order to work, and started eating... then I realized, my sandwich was just egg and cheese.  NO FLAVOR!  Anyway, I was pretty angry about this, and since I had ordered the item to go, I didn't have any way to fix the mistake.
Today I went in, ordered my sandwich, and it was fine.  Yes, I did double check it before I left.
So, I would say, double check your take-out orders.  Don't expect too much.I really love the fresh choices, but this place is always so crowded that the wait is really long. They really should be fully staffed at lunch time Monday through Friday. So, they lose one star. The bread is fresh. This fare is much healthier than the usual fast lunch place.This place sucks. Literally the reason I signed up for yelp was to say that. Pretty sure the moto is 'pay us more to feed you less' oh and the food sucksGreat spot for soup and sandwich the employees are informed and friendly,usually very crowded for lunch so either come before or after the rush.Try the delicious pastries and goodies you will be happy you did!This Panera is friendly and there is a nice staff. Only downside is that the bathroom is like a gas station. Seems never mopped, stinks, floor is slime, or sticky like the mops are over used and just "passed" over the floor. Been coming here for 2 years, hope they correct it, but by now it's safe to say they don't care. When they do, I'll let you know.Man, I thought this place was gonna WOW me with awesome food! 
Took me a while to find parking, so that set me off early on. I walked in to a line full of people and I am thinking WOW again.. this food MUST be SLAMMIN! ahhhhhh... Mouth watering.. and it is HOT outside. I ordered and the cashier was not understandable. She was not appropriately trained, which threw me off from my order. I can say the menu is very organized and makes it easy to decide on a meal. I ordered a SOUP & SALAD.  I thought WOW,  I am getting a PANERA soup and salad this should be worth the calories... The potato soup tasted like NOTHING. No flavor! The thai salad, well, it looked like something that I wouldn't even make for myself. I posted a few pics on Yelp of the desserts. I will go back again to give them a try, however, I must say - they are not cheap. I spent a little under $10 for this meal and was disappointed after lunch.Panera Bread has always been a favorite of my mom and mine. I honestly don't eat much else other than the broccoli and cheddar soup, which is fantastic! I've yet to find better so I shamelessly get it every time! This location is large for a Panera but the parking in limited. I had to park across the street in the winndixie parking lot. But this place is worth a visit with some friends to sit down and chat with good food!Don't fucking trust these fucking liars. Don't ask them for a tuna melt, don't ask them to give you a baguette with your soup like a normal person. Don't trust these damn fools.Waiting until the workers finish their conversations is getting a bit old. Especially when I'm paying 10+ dollars for this. Just ghettoI've been a fan of Panera Bread ever since my days of living in Los Angeles.  And when I moved back to New Orleans in 2009, there was none to be found.  But patience is a virtue and I was eventually rewarded with a location in Metairie and then one on N. Carrollton Avenue.
As soon as you walk through the door you are literally punched in the face with the smell of fresh artisan breads and pastries.  They are proudly displayed front and center so you cannot walk in without seeing them, and it takes a lot of willpower to not eat them if you are trying to eat healthy.
I know that Panera serves breakfast sandwiches & soufflés, but I have never tried them yet, as I usually only eat here for lunch and dinner.  This place has beaucoup soups, some of which are actually pretty good.  They have a huge selection of sandwiches, flatbread sandwiches and Paninis.   If you are not counting calories, I highly recommend the 1,040 calorie steak & white cheddar Panini, as you won't be disappointed.  
There's also a huge selection of hand tossed salads to choose from.  Kudos to Panera for offering a "You Pick Two" menu.  When you order the "You Pick Two", you get to pick any two half portions of salads, sandwiches, soups, mac & cheese, or flatbreads.  This is a great way to explore the menu, as you get to try 2 different items at a time.
Panera has a kids menu and is very kid friendly; and when you have a 4 year old boy with as much energy as mine, you'll appreciate the atmosphere.  Speaking of atmosphere, Panera has somewhat morphed into a student hangout, as there are always kids working on their school projects with their laptops and/or tablets out.  However, there are never too many and you'd never mistake the dining room for a coffee shop chock full of students.
Over the past several years, Panera's prices have crept up; no doubt to keep up with inflation. And their salad portions seem to have gotten a little smaller.  Therefore, Panera is not quite the bargain they used to be.  However, they are still a decent choice among fast food offerings.I am panera's biggest fan. Comfy place to work or study, big tables, reliable WiFi and good food. Only downside is that outlets are scarce but if you can find one you will are set. I usually come to this place to work or study.Making a salad shouldn't take this long. I'm all about people enjoying their work, but please quit joking around and prepare my order. I'm about to get hangry up in here.What's going on at this location?  I placed an online order today at 10:58 AM and it was not ready until 11:30.  There were very few customers and this is supposed to be a 'Rapid Pick-Up' order.   How is it possible that it took 32 minutes for a to-go order of 2 wraps, 1 cup of soup, a plain kid's sandwich  a loaf of bread and 2 treats? 
 I actually dined there earlier this week and noticed it took forever to get a simple order to go.  During that visit it was busier with guests and they were breaking down from breakfast to lunch service.  There is something wrong with this store - either they are not scheduling enough staff or someone is not watching what is going on behind the line.  The food is straight up Panera - decent food, reasonably priced but it's not going to be on my list much longer.Other than my interaction at the Register with Kristen, there was nothing redeeming about this visit to Panera.  First, my Modern Caprese Sandwich was cooked so long it had become one with the Cardboard they put it on.  When I went to get a Knife and Fork so I could try and pry it apart, the Employees were all leaning up against the Counter on their phones, talking about Halloween Plans (it's July 29th).  Nothing worse than bad food served with a side of attitude.I usually wouldn't take the time to review a Panera bread, but it's close to my apt and I would be an avid customer if they weren't constantly out of everything. Behind the counter is a bunch of hyenas doing nothing but playing around. Disappointed, this place use to be better.Being from and living in New Orleans, I feel like this place is too franchise-y for me. Although the food is good (and you can't beat the 1/2 soup/ 1/2 sandwich deal), there is just something missing from this place.
I feel like customer service could improve. I've never been here and was overwhelmed by the menu. I like taking my time to read it and figure out what I want, but when you're standing in line with 10 people behind you, it's hard to do that (or maybe it's just me, haha).
All in all, I will definitely come back here when I want something quick, inexpensive, and tasty, especially considering that it isn't too far from my house. It's just that the atmosphere is a little more corporate, and a little less New Orleans.Clean place. Cashiers had a little bit of an attitude like as if they didn't want to be there. But food was good and location is convenient. Plan to come back when around this town!Parking is still terrible here. I parked a block away and ordered food at 12:35pm and finally got out of there about 1:00pm. Waited 25 minutes for a half sandwich, which was soggy, and a bowl of soup, and cost me around $9.50. One manager was doing nothing but emptying the baskets of the order buzzers, instead of trying to help with the backlog. There were probably 20 people waiting for food at one point. I also saw that they got a few orders wrong because people were bringing their orders back to the counter. Save yourself a hassle and go to the Winn-Dixie or Rouse's and get a lunch there. Cheaper, faster and the food's just as good, if not better.I had the extreme displeasure of eating at Panera Bread recently.  While the service was fine, the food was a total disappointment and an utter fail!
I decided to give the grilled cheese a shot.  I LOVE grilled cheese, and it's something that is pretty hard to screw up...I thought.
Honestly, this was single handedly the worst grilled cheese I've ever had in my life.  This is no exaggeration.  There was no butter used at all.  It was just two pieces of bread stuck into a Panini press type thing and made slightly warm.  Now let's talk about the cheese...and I use the word cheese very loosely here.  It was completely tasteless.  Zero taste.  I don't know what it was, but it definitely wasn't cheese.  I guess it was a processed cheese type food maybe?  But then again, so is Velveeta, and I love that stuff.  This stuff reminded me of government "cheese."  My friend tasted it and thought it was equally terrible.  I couldn't even finish it and had to exclaim, "This doesn't even taste like cheese."  To which she replied, "Because it's not cheese."  
I also got a side Caesar salad.  Again, it was completely tasteless.  
My friend got a turkey and avocado sandwich.  It looked just thrown together.  The avocado wasn't even sliced.  Just a chunk of it lying on the sandwich.
We both left there feeling like we had been robbed of our valuable stomach space that could have been used somewhere with good food, and with real cheese.
There is no way I would ever go back to Panera Bread.  There are just way too many other options (that don't use fake cheese) near by.Nice little spot for me to catch breakfast. It's not crowded at 7 am at all. It's a new building so everything is super clean and the staff is super nice and fun. Also internet! 
The breakfast portions are a good size. Not the normal huge portions other New Orleans restaurants offer, but it makes me watch what I eat. Also, don't forget to pick up a rewards card if you see yourself becoming a regular. You get all sorts if freebies. My brother scored an extra pastry the other morning. C:Today I went here with my mom and they said since I wanted a water with my meal (no caffeine or sugar) that I could not get the 99 cent treat that comes with the meal. I used to go here everyday and i will never go back again. They were very rude.A lil snack omg it's amazing. It sucks when u walk into an establishment and everyone(staff) looks but don't speakJust don't order the Thai salad. Or Steak and White Cheddar, can't speak for anything else but those two ain't cuttin' itCheck your order before you leave. REPEAT check your bag before you leave. Every time I get something to go they mess it up. Even with receipt manager tried to tell me I was wrong!I love panera, but this is by far the worst one I've ever been to. The staff is extremely rude and not helpful at all. The employees give you an attitude like you are bothering them. Do yourself a favor and go to another one.While Panera may have "bread" in their name, I have never tried any of the baked goods. What keeps me coming back to Panera for breakfast is their iced coffee and their power menu.
The moment you walk in to Panera your olfactory system will be overwhelmed with the smells of baking bread. If you are a human, this sensation will be quite pleasurable. If you're not a human, I can't help you. Despite that overwhelming desire to purchase an entire loaf of something, my trips to Panera are pretty routine at this point. I order a giant iced coffee and a steak and egg power bowl.
The iced coffee is very good with just the right amount of bitterness and coffee flavor one would expect in a cold drip coffee, It is also serve yourself, so the ratio of ice to coffee is always perfect. The large size is in the 32 oz. range so if you're in need of a massive dose of caffeine, this is the size you need.
The bowl consists of two eggs, steak, tomatoes, fresh avocado and a few other things I can't remember. That bowl is not only tasty, it is also pretty darn healthy, particularly if you have some aversion to carbs. This a'int your typical fast food breakfast.
The staff at Panera is very friendly and helpful. The ladies who make the breakfast are particularly friendly and will even remember you if you are even an occasional visitor.
If you want something different for breakfast, I encourage you to give this Panera a try.This is an embarrassment to the Panera Bread franchise.    The first time I went there it was a "take away" and the food was not good at all.   My husband decided we should give it another chance, so we were in that neighborhood and decided to pop in for lunch. Big Mistake.   The place smelled like an old dirty mop.  I got a salad and my man got a sandwich.  We both ordered a flavored tea. We tried every choice and they all tasted yucky.  I decided to switch over to coke, but had to take Pepsi.  OK, the dispenser was out and put clear white syrup in my cup,  I just gave up.  The place was dirty, we had to wipe off our own table.  The workers there are unfriendly and lazy.   Food tasted blah.  YUCK 
Not good.This place is to go for organic food. The price is reasonable and foods are delicious. Highly recommended!First visit pretty good food wise.   Before next visit set up account online for rewards card.  Done all that was asked and printed the temporary card to turn in at store.   Went to the 309 N Carrollton Ave store 9/15/2016 at 10:15am.   Both cashiers said Hi , good start but that's all.   I gave the girl the print out , temporary card asking to get a permanent , as to instructions online.  Cashier looked confused so the other cashier came over and also looked at the print out of the temporary card.   Again instructions online said store will give a permanent card.  Both girls stood close looking at the same time then looked at each other and just started to laugh !   You made this... No I printed it off panera bread web site.  The  girls had no clue !   Once more stated I signed up online for rewards card , instructions to bring to store for permanent card...  Neither knew what to do !   Manager not around , not sure about that ?  That's another  issue...    At this point I  walked out.   I went somewhere else to eat.   At home I called customer service...only to get the company line  (B/S)   Just go back and all will be OK.   Already bad luck with first girl then second cashier now go back.  NO !  If I was playing baseball  that would be strike one then two and going back would be  three , you are out and my time for that.   I asked that my account be deleted email removed and did not want anyone calling me to come back.  I am retired and can / will  eat at another place.  NO panera for me and no sale to panera bread.  Looks like they spend more time on  TV commercials   then the training of workers.    Bewildered... ill-prepared...untrained...not on the same page as company...management not around...  Just wonder what goes on in back ???   This location will not be around for long with that kind of people.   Bottom line 101 training starting with management that is if you can find them.Great spot for soup and sandwich the employees are informed and friendly,usually very crowded for lunch so either come before or after the rush.Try the delicious pastries and goodies you will be happy you did!I've always had exceptionally slow service here. One time I waited 30 minutes for a "grab and go" order I'd placed online an hour earlier. Would've been faster to order in person and wait.They are swamped during weekday lunches.  So even though I waited 17 minutes for my take out order I'll definitely be back once they have time to figure everything out.  So glad there is this location rather than having to drive all the way to Metairie.Had a great breakfast experience today here.
The service was courteous and the food quality was great.
I had the Asiago bacon and egg sandwich, cup of coffee and cherry danish.
I do believe that Panera has one of the best cherry danish I can find out there.
I can't get enough of them!Classic Panera Bread location. Every time I've been in here all of the staff were extremely nice. I get their sausage egg and cheese sandwich on a plain bagel. Will continue to go to this location. Also, there's a lot of parking for Panera Bread- the same can't be said for the shops in the plaza next to it. Do recommend this location :)So apparently the fullness of your smoothie cup depends on the "amount of ingredients". Employee made a mistake and couldn't just fix it but rather made excuses. Pathetic!! Only gave 2 stars because I love the food and smoothies!Very dissapointed , I ordered my over priced and super salty "pick 2" combo a soggy salad and soup, which surprisingly let me choose a "third item" (gogurt) as a "side" and charged me a dollar extra  for it before even asking me, service is good, but the food reeksParking lot that is usually pretty full.  The place is clean and pretty big.  They have a place you can pick up call in orders and get out faster.  My Sierra Turkey was better than many Panera.  My baked potato soup was awful.  As soon as I saw it, it looked like thin watery white stuff.  I gave it a chance, a couple of bites, it was totally off of texture and flavor.  I took it back and exchanged for French Onion, it was good.  My husband wouldn't take his Potato soup back, he suffered with it.  They replaced mine, no questions asked.  I was very disappointed they would even serve something that looked like the Potato Soup.What I love the most about this place is the ability to order ahead! Known for its salads, sandwiches and delicious pastries,  Panera is a favorite place for freshly made food. That is apparently hard to come by in most areas. You order at the front and pay for your meal; you can also order from the app. This convenience is the reason this place is still thriving. Whether you're craving a snack that is low in calories or a healthier choice over the average cheeseburger, you'll have no problem dining here. Did I mention how group friendly this place is? Bring your coworkers, closest friends, or family for an outing. It's worth trying at least once.My first time visiting was for a quick lunch and I seem to have a lot of work to do to better navigate the menu.  The ladies at the register were no help in assisting me to decipher the menu.  I had a Greek Salad and a bowl of Turkey Chili for lunch.  The Greek Salad was rather skimpy, so much so that I didn't have time to determine how many stars it deserved.  The Turkey Chili was nutritious and included Garbanzo beans, Kidney beans, green peas, and  carrots, but was just not enough to satisfy my hunger pains.  I was so hungry when I left there that I ate two slices of Pecan Praline King Cake when I got back to the office.Got the corn chowder and Caesar salad.  Both were oh so yummy.  Love PaneraHad Panera bread with a friend a week back, I must say it was really good. My first time there I had the 2 pick menu choice, 1/2 turkey and chicken flatbread and 1/2 size Caesar Salad. Food was made quickly even though they had a lunch rush.This is an OK Panera. I hate to sound so blase', but that's exactly how I feel.
The staff isn't ever particularly friendly or helpful, but they're not nasty.  The parking is usually a pain because the lot is almost always full, but sometimes I end up with a rock star spot.  It isn't spotless, but it isn't filthy either.
I really feel so wishy washy about this place.  
The bottom line is that I know I'll be back again and again. I love that there are so many tasty, HEALTHY, menu choices, and the prices aren't crazy-high.I love Panera as a general rule. I have regular cravings for their french onion soup in a bread bowl. The salads and sandwiches are always a treat, and the you pick two gives you a lot of options. 
This location is always SUPER BUSY. Be ready to wait. The parking lot is a bit of a nightmare. They definitely did not plan that properly. If you go in the back behind the Panera or on the side near the pet/garden (random?) shop you can usually find something. 
Once there was a man presumably on drugs harassing customers at the tables outside. Another patron complained to the employees inside but they didn't seem to care. I was very disappointed because it was a lovely day and wanted to eat out there.
The employees here seem to hate their lives. Not very helpful or friendly. Like I said, I love Panera but this location leaves me with a "meh" feeling.I love a classic grilled cheese and broccoli cheddar you pick two! Couldn't eat much because of dental work but the soup is always so good.This is a great Panera Location.  I use the Panera Catering Service In about 20 states and this is the most efficient operation I have dealt with.  When I arrived early morning for a pickup they must have had another 10 catering orders going out the door.  No confusion here...I was in and out within 5 minutes.  Superior service with super cool professional people working here too!I swear you could order just a side baguette and they would get the order wrong. I love Panera bread but this location is a pure joke. They don't get regular orders right, god forbid you special order anything. They constantly are forgetting to put toppings on salads, whether you special order anything or not. On top of that, they do not even fill up the dressing cups the entire way. I'm not one who has to have the most dressed salad but come on, you have to meet me at least half way! Sometimes the cups are only filled a quarter of the way full! I don't know if it's laziness or cutting corners, but when I order a $10+ salad I expect more. I'm annoyed that every time I have to check my order, and a quarter of the time it's wrong. Needs new management and employees that care about reading the orders properly.After visiting a few times, various times, I feel confident about my stance. 
Pros
-friendly, bubbly staff greetings upon entrance
-fair pricing
-reward program connected to my phone number
-mobile ordering
-shelf for mobile order pick up
-great tasting bagels and pastries
-free internet
-lunch items; non pastries
Cons
-need a drive thru
-limited shared parking
-pricing confusion (extra shot of espresso vs an expresso) 
-drink making seems problematic
All in all; when I want a Cinnamon Crunch Bagel (my fav); I plan to NOW call ahead & order. The mobile order pick up shelf is GREAT in facilitation of my "stick & move" capers. 
I'll return & do mobile ordering for my dirty chai as well.Worst Panera's I have been to ever. Very slow and the man who assisted me was rude. I would avoid this Panera's.The food is mostly soups, sandwiches, salads, bagels, rolls, muffins, cookies, and bread. Everything is usually fresh. My favorite are the tuna sandwich, French onion soup, bravo bacon club. They miss a star because the portions are small, have inaccurate orders a d the price is a little high. Also,  the drinks Re are tasty.Always double and triple check your orders. I am here a few times a week and things are always missing from my pick up and dine in orders. If I had a choice o wouldn't frequent this location as much. 
Food and service are fine but the inconvenience of reminding them to provide what you ordered sucks.Went in for lunch at this location yesterday. First the place was filthy. Everyone around us was cleaning their own table My first trip to a Panera, pretty sure it was my last. Had the 10 vegetable soup and a turkey, bacon, avocado sandwich. I wouldn't order either again. The staff was friendly and that's the ONLY reason for three stars.Cold ham, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. Second time in three weeks. Only came back because I needed to be at Jefferson Feed when they opened. Couldn't imagine a Panera would be bad twice in a row. Kitchen staff has some great movie reviews, though.This used to be my favorite restaurant but recently their customer service has been terrible and they constantly run out of baguettes 2-2.5 hours before closing (which is ridiculous).
I tried to ask why it has been an issue and the cashiers responded with attitudes and sarcasm. Very unprofessional environment, sadly I won't be back.Service was not so good at the Santee location, the food was not as advertised and major ingredients were missing.  I contacted the company and they didn't even bother to call back.  So sadFor fast food that is healthy, the food itself is a solid 5 stars. The restaurant is in a busy strip mall with a small parking lot, and limited street parking, which is a major issue. Walking in, you go to the counter (or stand in line if there is one), and order. The semi-unhappy clerk will give you a buzzer for when the food is ready and a cup for your drink. You get your drink, pick a seat. As soon as you sit down is usually when the buzzer goes off notifying you that your order is ready. Go to the very high counter to deposit your buzzer and get your food. Seriously. The counter is high. I am 5' tall, and the counter is at my eye level. And you may have to reach as they probably don't know your short and will not push the food forward. The food is really good. There is plenty of room in the dining area, and plenty of tables. Most of them might not be clean, there may be food on the floor.
I have been a fan of Panera from when I lived in Portland, OR and they were abundant in locations there. I will be back to this location for the food.When it first opened I was excited. It was a regular lunch spot for my daughter and I. Quality and customer service has declined rapidly. The food is haphazardly made and disappointing. The drink bar changed and did away with sweet tea, leaving the simple syrup in its place that just falls to the bottom despite mixing it vigorously. The counter people are often rude and distracted and could care less about your order. But today was the last day. The entire place smells like fresh excrement. It literally smells like someone crapped all over the place. My daughter held her nose the whole time we waited for our order and it was hard for me not to cancel it and get a refund. Never again.In a city full of incredible restaurants, it's difficult to choose a chain. I've been here about 10 times tho. It's my go-to lunch place when I'm eating my myself because EVERYone here is friendly and kind and smiling and the food is consistently perfectly delicious. You don't feel alone here, you feel like you are eating around family you just haven't met yet. Plus, their reward program is actually a great deal.I fell in love with Panera because of their Thai chicken salad and chicken salad sandwich. However, at this Panera, they did not accomplish that satisfaction of either. I barely had any chicken salad on my croissant and my Thai chicken salad didn't have ANY chicken. How does one forget the chicken in a Thai chicken salad?Disappointment is an understatement. One of the managers Natalie is disgusting in displaying customer service. She lied over the phone about being busy, because when I showed up she was standing there in the total opposite. She's just lazy and not into solving issues brought to her. Whoever the GM is was very professional over the phone, not sure how Natalie makes it. I spend over $40 per visit but will never be back.Enjoyed my Baja Mac and Cheese, Turkey Chili. Although I was not fond of the brownie but they let me swap it out for a kitchen sink cookie that was amazing!So sad to write this review. Third time I ordered a salad (and this time I asked in the notes to please check the salad for wilty or old produce) and the salad was worse this time  my coworkers have had the same experience with their freshness. We're working the frontlines in healthcare and it's hard enough to step away to get lunch, let alone for me to go back and return the salad :(It would be a lot more pleasant if the person who took my order was not texting the whole time. I came in 25 minutes before closing and it looked like they were already closed. It seemed like I inconvenienced the employee by wanting to place my order. They were also out of bread. Thank god the soup is good.