Food of the Gods!  Food of the Poor Boys!  Geez, go over here and go get you some fried shrimp poorboys dressed--come on Mondays and get fried oysters too!  If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be 500 pounds because I'd be here so often eating this deliciousness!Perfection on so many levels. The place has a simple service structure- you order and pay at a window, they call your name when it is done, you take your seat. All the po'boys were delicious and enjoyable down to the last bite. I got roast beef, the fiancé got surf and turf, and our friends got Reuben's and sausage. All of us were extremely happy with our choices and were raving about each bite! One of our friends had a problem with their order (they didn't make it until he asked about it) and about 10 minutes later the owner came out with a plate of fries and roast beef, apologizing for the hold up. We weren't even upset about the hold up but it just shows the level of attention and service they give. My fiancé recognized the owner from Chopped (on food network) and he spoke with is a while. Super nice and humble guy, and his dog (yes we met his dog) was awesome! A great experience that we hope to repeat every time we go to New Orleans!This is one of the best spots in Nola to grab a poy boy at. It's located about 10 minutes outside the French Quarters so I recommend taking an uber to get there. The food is fresh and the service is great. I highly recommend checking this spot out.Solid gravy fries and there fried shrimp and roast beer poboy is amazing 10/10 recommend also it's a bit of a sporty place on game day so order ahead or wait a hour for a sandwichWhat a great way to experience a Po' Boy in New Orleans! Solid food, great ambience and atmosphere, and a rich, unique history made this the perfect lunch for us before heading back to Atlanta. Highly recommend!This was the best po boy ever! I had the shrimp and it was BURSTING with shrimp! The food was hot and delicious. Take the time and the drive. You won't be disappointed!!!On y mange des Fried oyster po'boys. Et Obama aussi.One of the best Po Boy places in town. But be prepared for a wait. When you are this popular you have to expect this. The french fry po-boy is killer. It is by far the best in town. Hell all of their sandwiches are excellent. This is old time New Orleans eating .... nothing fancy just good home cooking in a relaxed, laid back atmosphere.This place is off the beaten path, but well worth the venture there. From the French Quarter it is a short trolley ride and walk from Canal St. This is a must stop for the Po Boy sandwiches. Definitely consider splitting the sandwich unless you're very hungry. Julianna and I split the fried shrimp and brisket. It was excellent.The best Shrimp Po Boy I have ever eaten...the staff was very friendly especially Ashton and Harold...it was my first time visiting from L.A. they made sure I placed my order quickly and provided options based upon their favorite Po Boy...I plan on going each time I'm in New Orleans!!!Love Parkway, however, I think they can be too busy and cannot always produce the highest quality food under such rush conditions. The fried shrimp were a bit over breaded today, which surprised the heck out of me. Still love the crap out of Parkway, and will go back again and again.It's a damn shame that I'm from New Orleans and never been here. But my sister and I saw it on travel channel and decided to try it out. We both had shrimp PO-Boys, prolly the best one I've ever hadGreat po-boy at a very unique place. They line was long  but it moved quickly. There is a good assortment of po-boys to get, I got a shrimp po-boy and french fries with  cheese and roast beef debris and gravy. There was a funeral service going on there for a guinea pig, RIP Ralphie A. Mclvor. It is a really good po-boy at a decent price and there is a bar there and lots of interesting things to look at on the wall.A regular shrimp poor boy will fill you up without even getting fries. It's soooooo good. I can't even. I ordered one to-go.
Best to avoid the line by coming here early when they open. But if you sleep in and see a line as you walk in the door, do not be intimidated: the line moves fast and you're welcomed with friendly service.A friend and I stopped in here on our first night in New Orleans. Enjoyed the shrimp po boy, but really liked the bread pudding! We ate inside, but there's plenty of outdoor seating too. It was a fun first stop after the hotel!Every time I have been here it is fantastic. Get the debris or oyster poboy. It's worth the wait.Best shrimp Po'boy hands down and big enough to share with someone!!! Try the fries with Tracey and pepper jack!! Yum!!quite possibly my fave spot in NOLA. good happy hour prices and you can order food at the bar. tried most all the poboys here and none have disappointed. by far fave is the oyster baby maker, but also the fried shrimp. Yum!Everytime I come to NOLA i try my best to make it over here to have a shrimp po boy. we learned about this place the the app urban spoon. I like this place because its away from the touristy attractions, and the prices aren't inflated. I came here with my family we all ordered different po boys, oyster, shrimp, catfish and debris and nibbled off each others. Quite good! We mingled with the workers and had a nice meal. I really liked the vintage Woolworth sign that had in there.
Overall: Nice experience, will returnThis review is long overdue but There Po' Boy is LEGIT!  My boyfriend told  me about this place when I went new Orleans for the first time so I held from eating po boys from anywhere else! The bread was soo soft and shrimps were so good! I bought 2 more po' boys to take with me on the plane ride back home. Glad I did bc my fly was delayed and missed my connecting flight. I can't wait to go back!One of the best poboys I've ever had.  Go early, e.g. 11:00 am, and sit in the bar, they will wait on you.  Pleasant surprise was thay had the new Dixie beer on tap, very good.  Also unexpected was the potato salad, awesome.  Wish I lived closer, I'd be there twice a week. This is New Orleans like it ought to be, enjoy it.The best poor boys (not po boys) we had on our recent trip to NOLA. The fried shrimp and roast beef are excellent. Be sure to grab extra mayo, a side of remoulade, a handful of lemon wedges, some hot sauce and EXTRA napkins. You're going to need them!The chicken breast po boy was rich in flavor and the staff were down to earth kind of people. In fact, I liked Parkway so much I brought my wife there just a few hours after I was there so she could give them a try while we were in New Orleans for the weekend. One of the guys at the food counter noticed I was there twice in one day and gave me a free side of french fries. That was rare and very much appreciated. I'd also like to comment that the french bread I had my po boy on was fresh and very tasty too!
If you are looking for a tasty lunch this is a great place to do just that.Found this gem after a google search of "sandwiches New Orleans" and oh what a find! This po'boy made me feel like a rich girl.
I usually order catfish po'boys wherever I go, but the hot roast beef and gravy that was fittingly placed at the top of the menu enticed me and really hit the mark. The bread was crispy and crusty but tender on the inside and held up nicely to the gravy and 25 abused napkins later, I was more than satisfied. I snuck a bit of my friend's catfish, an equal success. 
The staff was friendly and attentive, always a plus! Parkway Bakery and Tavern should make a sampler platter because I want to try them all, all the time.The surf and turf is Ok . Wish we only got the shrimp po boy. The shrimp were juicy and had a great resistance.  Fresh and perfectly cooked. The beef was good but overshadowed the shrimp.  It was a bit too soft and watery.
But the star of the meal was the catfish sandwich.  The fish was super clean and creamy.
Very low key casual ambiance.  Outside seating available.This was our first time at Parkway, we were a little unsure of the ordering process but a very friendly/awesome employee, Ronica, approached us and helped us. Service was 5 stars. We ordered the surf and turf and the Reuben and they were great! Definitely coming back for more.We found out this is the place The Obamas like to have poboys while visiting New Orleans so we decided it was worth a try. It's a small hole in the wall type place but those are typically the best! You order and pay for your food, they take your name and call it out for you to pick it up from the counter when it's ready. I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and my husband ordered the catfish po boy with fries and fried pickles. The shrimp in my po boy was plentiful and overflowing just how I like it! The shrimp tasted fresh and was flavorful and seasoned just right. The only thing that was disappointing about the  po boy was that the bread was a little tough and difficult to bite at times. My husband really liked his catfish po boy but it didn't seem to have as much fish as mine had shrimp. The fries were piping hot and good and the fried pickles were delicious! Our meal was around $28, we also ordered one drink. The owner came out and chatted with us and recommended a place nearby that had a great frozen margarita (Juans Flying Tacos). He was very friendly and hospitable. All in all it was a good experience, but they should def look into getting better bread.I hunted these guys down on a couple 'best of' sites because I wanted my first shrimp PoBoy ever to be a pure expression of the local classic. It did not disappoint. You can dress your sandwich up left right and sideways and the whole menu looks delicious. 
The shrimp was lightly fried... Golden crispy perfection, on equally impressive bread. Dressed with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayo I really think I hit the jackpot here. Not rushed, nice and cool, with options to eat inside at a table, at the bar, or on the patio, love the options.
Happy hour from 3-7 is Wild, and local Abita beers are $3, so I'm on cloud nine.
Located north of the touristy stuff it's a pleasant reprieve from the smells and sounds of stumbly bumbly crowds on bourbon street - and easy enough to dive back in when you're full and ready for round 2.Was recommended to visit here by my Uber driver and what made it even better is that it's a place filled with history, in a residential area and has amazing food and drinks. Arrived and stood in a line for maybe 10-15 mins, ordered my food then waited patiently in the bar area sipping a hurricane waiting for my order. I chose to get the shrimp Po boy and it did not disappoint. I got the large size which I split with my boyfriend. It had sooooo much shrimp and the right proportion of lettuce, tomato and mayo! The fries were okay, but the po boy was obviously the star and boy did it shine through. The hurricane was also a great price and was probably one of the best I had while in Nola. I will def visit here again and again!I was in a quest to find the most authentic po boy and my conclusion is this place, not the ones in the French Quarter. Once I stepped foot into this place, I was intrigued on what it had to offer. I got the roasted beef with gravy because apparently the restaurant got an award for this one, and it was delicious and oh so succulent. Could barely finish the regular sized one. I also got the banana pudding with the Manila crackers..and it was very heavenly..but probably not a good idea if you are on a diet..also there is plenty of seating area.Totally worth the wait. After about 30 minutes in line a friend and I ordered the large surf n turf poorboy and the gumbo.
Oh boy - the large is freaking huge. We could have split the regular sandwich between the two of us. The meat on the sandwich was tender and cooked to perfection with a generous ladle of the gravy on the sandwich. The shrimp had a great crunchy coating on it. The bread held everything together without falling apart. Would happily eat this sandwich every day if I lived close by.
The gumbo was also amazing. Huge portions of turkey and alligator sausage were in the gumbo and it was full of flavor. Again a HUGE win! 
Our group left in a food coma and it held us over for about 12 hours. Delicious and highly recommend.Food was awesome. My friends and I were lucky to get some seats at the bar, which has a better vibe than the dining area in my opinion. That also meant we didn't have to stand in the ridiculously long line to order!I really didn't understand the hype of these po' boys. I had the fried shrimp one with chili fries on the side. Neither blew me away. I'm still stumped on why it's the "best po' boy" in Louisiana. Try to avoid going during peak lunch hours as it gets crazy packed.After hearing how wonderful Parkway is, I couldn't wait to go there. Was very disappointed with the Roast Beef Poor Boy! It was like a sloppy joe/gravy mess, hardly any beef at all in it. It was later in the day, so I was guessing they just ran out (?). Insult to injury-the bread was stale. Want to give it another try, but there are so many other shops in the city, it's hard to think about going back. Meh.Don't think about it, just go...... right now!!!! Historic, friendly, delicious, close to city park, a true new Orleans gem. And there is plenty of parking. The gumbo was the best I have eaten in the city. The shrimp poorboy is perfect.In town for the holiday and everyone from our taxi driver to the locals in the city recommended this place. And now I know why. Best po boys in the city! The line gets long but service is prompt. Very friendly staff and great food. Large portions too!My favorite poboy place in town. They also make fresh banana pudding that is to die for.First time eating a poboy and I was pretty satisfied. Great service and prices. Portion size was great!Dude, eat here. 
The bread is perfectly chewy with great flavor and made in house. 
The shrimp po-boy is excellent. I felt sad when eating it since I didn't want it to go away. 
Sweet potato fries with ketchup are a perfect pair, and for a light lunch, split a large with a fry with someone. If you have time for an afternoon nap, eat a full-sized one for a coma-inducing meal. 
Counter service is pretty damn surly, so just ignore and be on your merry way. For faster service, sit at the bar. Someone noted that you can order at the bar but sit outside still- if you do so, make sure to tip the bar and its waitress still! 
Plenty of parking in the lot and on the street. 
Eat here. We didn't say a word to each other during the meal once we picked our food up. Come here to enjoy one of NOLA's incredible po boy gems!It's a Parkway po Boy, fully dressed!  Yes M'aam!Amazing poboy....  Lines are always long but it is possible to call in and pick up.  French fry poboy is amazing!  The gravy and roast beef has an awesome flavor that's out of this world.Delicious po'boy! The wait was 1 hour, but well worth it. Got the roast beef po'boy and my husband got the Reuben and loved it. Yummy!Definitely a must for a trip to New Orleans - their roast beef poboy is a delicious messy lunch. That being said, if you're a local, this place ranks pretty far down the list. It's over priced, always crowded, and they constantly screw up orders (probably because of they're overwhelmed with orders). Not terrible, just not as good as everyone thinks.Lots of hype about this place. The roast beef po boy is a hot mess.  Can't be picked up, required more than the plastic fork and knife provided. Good assortment of beers. The MUST TRY item is their fried pickles. If their computer goes down like most places, everything shuts down all together. The service is very friendly. All in all I say, been there, done that.I've heard of place from friends and the t.v but every time I come to NO I'm never able to make It, but this time I finally was able to sneak away and try this place for myself. It was a quick and easy drive from downtown and they also have this huge parking lot which was great since street parking is a nightmare out here. Besides the food, they do have a full bar on the other side of the restaurant which is nice.
Now the line was pretty long since It was Friday and there were a lot of people in town for the Clemson and Bama game. I waited about 30 minutes before I was able to order and maybe another 10 for the food. The wait was long but they did have water and heaters around to make It a little more comfortable.
Now for food.. for $25 I ordered a large shrimp po boy with sweet potato fries. The po boy is a foot long filled high with fried shrimp and the order of fries were plentiful. Now even with the po boy fully dressed (tomato, pickles, lettuce, & mayo) It was really dry so I had to get up and get a side of tartar sauce. Now after I sauced It up, no boost, this was the best po boy I've had. The breading on the shrimp was flavorful, the bread had a perfect crispy-ness to It but was still soft, and that tartar sauce was amazing. The sweet potato fries were ehhh bc I was wanting them to be sweeter (you live and learn).
Overall I would definitely come back here, I would probably come on a weekday when It isn't so busy but the food was worth the wait.Do it! Make the trek out here from the French quarter and have some po boys!! We had the shrimp, catfish, and roast beef po boys. All were delicious but my favorites were probably the seafood. Also, don't forget to pick up a piece of rum cake for an alcoholic bite of dessert.Holy smokes, y'all. THE SURF AND TURF PO BOY??? now that's about as good as it gets. Freshly battered and fried shrimp, thick, juicy roast beef on soft, delicious french bread?? I am salvating just thinking about it.
The service is fantastic, quick and friendly. I even got loads of compliments on how nice I looked (i tend to over dress haha) and was asked to do a 'twirl' for the bar. Fun times and deLISH chow.We went to Parkway during Final Four weekend so needless to say, there was a bit of a line. We got through the line and to the order counter where we both had to with the Surf N Turf Po Boy. This was my first Po Boy and Wow! The Surf N Turf is homemade roast beef and gravy with fried shrimp and let me tell you, the gravy shrimp combo. Great! Came back the next day and got the same thing. Plus we added the french fries WITH THE GRAVY! Great place and will be stopping back in our next time to NOLA.Since my first bite, Parkway has implanted itself upon my appetite, and taken over like a ravenous vine.  I have what some would call, The Hunger.  Once you get a bite of that delicious, delicious Parkway Poboy, you can never get it out of your head.  Nothing can satisfy the hunger except for more Parkway.  
You'll find yourself sitting in your favorite Fine Dining establishment, and the service will be good and the food will be good, but in the back of your mind, you'll be thinking, I could have gotten a parkway poboy for every day of the week for what I just spent; and I would have been much more happy with it, too.
Here's the bottom line: Parkway is as good as everyone says, maybe better because they have so many different poboys.  There is, without a doubt in my mind, a poboy for everybody.  The value of a regular poboy is great, and the large poboys, undeniable.  They know how good their food is, and yet they're completely unpretentious and laid back.  Get a drink if you want, sit outside if you want, take the poboy to go and eat it at your leisure.  It's just a darn good product without any baggage and rules like what you find in a Restaurant.  In fact, eating at Parkway is more like eating at a friend's house.
New Orleans needs it's high-brow, fine dining restaurants, don't get me wrong.  But it also needs its low-brow, no BS, just-good-food places, to keep everyone in check, and Parkway is the epitome of that.  The best food, and lots of it, for cheap!  Be warned, if you go, you will begin to measure all other restaurants against what you could have gotten at Parkway.  
God rests on Tuesdays.I decided to walk to The Parkway Tavern for lunch, and as far as their food is concerned-- I was definitely impressed. The Parkway Bakery was founded in 1911, so they've had plenty of time to invent the perfect recipe for the Po-boy. They bake their own bread here and serve your Po-boy in a fresh loaf. Even the vegetarian Po-boys are good, but there are too many good choices here to be wasting time with vegetarian stuff. I'm definitely going to return for the Alligator Sausage Link Po-boy. 
The bar is probably the best feature of the tavern, and as long as you sit at the bar, you're going to have extremely quick service. The outside patio kind of reminds me of a homeless food shelter for some reason, but maybe that's just me. The bartender girl was a sweetheart here. I hear they have a no facial hair policy here as far as employees go, and in all honestly-- it's incredibly lame! What are they... The New York Yankees? So I sort of boycott this place, but at the same time, it's difficult not to pop in every now and then for a good Po-boy with fresh French bread made at the in-house bakery.Very good Po Boy. Had the half and half, catfish and shrimp. It was great, both halves.  On par with Domicile's which is the best Po Boy I've ever had.  Like the sauce better at Domicile's but the bread here was the best.Perfection!! 
I may be a little biased since I live in the neighborhood, but I'm going to put my "best po'boy" vote in for Parkway.  I actually have to limit how many times a month I visit... Whether you like fried shrimp, roast beef, or both (the surf n turf), this place consistently turns out the best in the city.  Sit at the bar, have a cold Abita, and prepare to be amazed!  I've heard a couple people say they don't like the bread, but I honestly can't figure out why.  Seriously good food and a place I take anyone who visits from out of town...It wouldn't be fair to say they're the best po boy in town without trying every other place in town, BUT honestly I don't want to take a chance. We were in town for a weekend and ate here TWICE. We also happened to sit in the same spot inside the bar area! Both times, the two of us split a large. 
Surf and turf (roast beef + shrimp) is the way to go, but if you happen to swing by on a Monday or Wednesday, oyster is IT.
Happy hour isn't a terrible time to swing by and sit at the bar and enjoy a po boy. Discounted drinks, delicious food. I'm sold.So, after trying both Parkway and Domilise, the winner of best poor boy is Domilise's, hands down! I'm not sure what all the Parkway hype is about, but Domilise has better seafood, bread, sauce and selection. 
The wife and I had the Surf N' Turf and Shrimp Po-Boys at parkway. Flavor was good but not much better than any other Po-Boy in NOLA. 
At Domilise we split a Shrimp & Oyster Po-Boy because their Po-Boys are twice the size of Parkway's. It was AMAZING. Best Po-Boy, no, BEST SANDWICH EVER! My wife described the oysters best when saying that they melt-in-your-mouth. The slightly spicy sauce compliments them very well. The bread is also great and perfectly toasted. Be sure to order your Po-Boy fully dressed for extra flavor.Amazing!!!! Roast beef poboy an hotdog poboy!! Get the Bree's fries!!! We sat at the bar and they were so helpful!! Can't wait to return!We had quite a lot of poboys during our trip. My husband insisted to try oyster poboys at nearly every restaurant we dined at. By the time we made it to Parkway, I was up to my neck in oyster poboys. But nonetheless, he was on a mission and I can't turn down fried anything to save my life. 
This was place tied for 1st place. Their large poboy is big enough to feed 3 people for sure! I ate all that I could and I only got through half of my half. It was STUFFED to the rim with fried oysters. Heaven...The surf and turf poboy is the best thing on the menu! Tender roast beef and succulent shrimp of fresh toasty French bread.I'm sure I just got the wrong thing (roast beef and gravy po' boy) but I wasn't a huge fan of this. Probably if you already love po' boys this will be great for you. If you've never had a po' boy, this is apparently the best place in town to get one, but I personally wasn't converted.Been there twice only, first time I sat at the bar and had a PO boy which was awesome. Second time I was craving for a PO Boy got there I sat on a table close enough to the bar but I just sat there for twenty minutes the waiters saw me but nobody helped me. I know it was kind of late I got there around 9:30pm but nobody was kind enough to even tell me if the kitchen was closed which would of been comprehensible, so I just left.Every time I come in town which is like every month to see the BFF...I have to stop by here to get my favorite shrimp Po'Boy. 
It gets crazy busy here during lunch and dinner but it is definitely worth it! Most of the time it comes over flowing with fried shrimp! So so good! By far the best fried shrimp Po'Boy I've ever had!Greattttttt place!
I'm a Nola native.
Superb food, cold beer, but you'll have to put up with lost looking tourists here.
Bartender Mike is great help!
We'll be back.
We had the Ruben Po boy, oyster Po boy, debris fries, cold Stella beer.I asked some locals where to eat in New Orleans. I was told that Parkway Bakery and Tavern was the place to go. I was confused at first because I clearly asked where I could get some delicious poor boys, and here I was being directed to a bakery. I was assured that they served poor boys, and a quick look at the website confirmed that. 
After sitting in nearly an hour of traffic coming from Marrero (normally a 17 minute drive, ouch), I came across a huge sign that proclaimed I had arrived at Parkway Bakery and Tavern. There was ample parking in the back. I walked around the building and the vacant house next door to get to the front, and entered through the patio as that seemed to be the main entrance. 
I was unsure whether I should seat myself or order at the counter first. The menu states "tavern full service" and "dining room self service," so I proceeded to the counter. I ordered the golden fried shrimp po' boy. $8.10 for the regular, $11.65 for the large. At 12 inches, the large is twice the size of the regular, so I obviously ordered the large (I'm big on price and stuff... Yeah). I asked for it dressed (lettuce, tomato, pickles, and mayo) but light on the mayo. 
My poor boy came out very quickly, and it was nice and warm. I took a few bites, thinking it was kind of dry, and then I realized there was a small condiment stand where I could douse my poor boy with sauce. I took little cups of creole mustard, honey mustard, horseradish, mayo, and tartar sauce. Ketchup and hot sauce were available on the tables. I liked the mayo and honey mustard on the poor boy. The others were just ok, with the exception of the hot sauce, which I didn't try. 
The shrimp was fried to perfection, and there was a perfect amount of lettuce, tomato, and pickles. The mayo was sparse, but that was my own fault for not knowing better. I ended up eating probably the recommended amount of mayo (or more) anyway. I couldn't finish the entire thing, so now I have a few bites left for a late night snack. 
The decor here is casual and laid back. Paintings, pictures, t-shirts, and assorted knickknacks adorn the walls. The employees are friendly, occasionally coming by to check if everything is alright. There are tables indoors, on the patio, and in the tavern area. Happy hour is from 3-7pm, which I would partake in if not for my 30 minute drive back to Avondale. 
The only complaint I had was that the bread was a little bit tough, so it was hard for me to bite off completely. It got a little messy with me wrestling with the sandwich, causing me to get poor boy on my arm, on the table, etc. I also licked my fingers a lot on account of the sauces. Be sure to keep the napkins close by!Unique New Orleans with charm and good food. Fish poboy was lacking on fish, but the shrimp was spot on. Lots of shrimp.great improvements to exterior seating area - poboys are always the same -some folks swear by them - reliable place to send out of towners for a true Nawlins experience.Oh my gosh. Best Po Boys I've ever had. At a restaurant that has been around since 1911, they offer a variety of Po Boys that have, turkey, roast beef and shrimp. I recommend the shrimp. The portion is more than generous and you should only get the half-size, unless you are ESPECIALLY hungry.Amazing. I had the beef po-boy and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Seriously GO HERE!Two recent trips to Parkway, and they didn't let me down. When I go to Parkway solo, I sit at the bar. On the first trip, I sat directly at the bar, ordered a BBQ-beef po-boy (regular size) and an order of potato salad. The BBQ beef is not as sloppy as the brown-gravy-roast-beef sandwich, but it's just as good. Great change of pace.
The second trip, the bar seating was full, so I grabbed one of the high-top tables around the wall. Service at the side tables is iffy, because the bartenders have to come out from their regular stations to wait on you. Get the wrong bartender, things won't move very quickly. 
My regular roast beef was the sloppy goodness that Parkway delivers. Good sandwich!Whoa! Unbelievable sandwich with the staff to boot! Shrimp poor boy was delicious. Zapp's chips. And a beer. The atmosphere was a delight, bustling on a Sunday with the Saints game on the tv. Worth the drive from Portland, OR.5 stars for service!! Lady knew I couldn't eat two sandwiches if I wanted to continue on my Nola food crawl, so she let me try a sample of roast beef while I ordered the shrimp po boy. So nice and unexpected!! Thank you!!!
The highlight of my groups meal were the sauce bar (tartar sauce (light and delicious!!), remoulade sauce, cocktail sauce, ketchup, creole mustard, etc), the fried pickles (Nola's pickles seem to be much sweeter than everywhere else), and the fried catfish poboy. We are split on the shrimp po boy and the surf and turf. On one hand we realize that the traditional po boy style originated from New Orleans, but the batter is less seasoned, roast beef was not as flavorful, and the bread is harder than what we usually would like in any sandwich. What puts this place over others is their service and the fact that Obama prefers his po boys from here. Happy travels!!Great consistent poboys! Hot sausage is my favorite, but everything is good. Can't go wrong with Parkway.Stumble to this place on 4th of July. Glad they were open. I had large shrimp poor boy and share it with my husband. We also got a home made bread pudding with rum. That's a must get.Best place in the city to sit down at the bar for a beer and a huge poboy. My boyfriend and I frequent Parkway and will go out of our way just to eat here.i really wanted to love this place. I really did. But the po boy didn't hit home for me. The flavors didnt pop. The shrimp was ok. the bread was a bit chewy. Overall, a decent but forgettable experience. I know my other friends loved theirs, but I cant say I love this place.Great po-boys and gumbo. Roast beef, shrimp, sausage, Italian sausage, reuben, oyster(seasonal and special days) just to name a few. The atmosphere is very New Orleans and the people working here are helpful and friendly. Can get crowded but they do have outdoor seating. When there is a crowd, the order line can get long and the wait for food can be extended as well. The order/pickup areas are self-serve, a line for buying food and then a line for pick-up (name called over intercom). If you have a small party of three or less and a bar table is open you can order and get served by the bar waitress. Also note that the order of fries is enough for three or four people. Enjoy!Best po-boys in town.  My favorite is the roast beef.  The burger on french bread is also fantastic.  There is outside dining and full service at the bar.This place was busy, busy on a Sunday afternoon, yet we were able to order within about 10 minutes. There is also a huge parking lot, so no need to worry about that if you are driving.  You order, give your name, pick up your food and seat yourself.  I had the roast beef po-boy and my husband had the alligator sausage link po-boy. They were both outstanding!  The fresh bread was out of this world good!! I really loved looking at all of the pieces of nostalgia on the walls.  Overall, this place gives me the warm and fuzzies and I can't wait to go back next time we come down to NOLA.Hands down the best shrimp and catfish po-boys in the city. You don't have to wait forever (like at Mahony's) and they always come out hot and tasty.
The sweet potato fries are delicious as a side item.
You can order at the bar or go to the back. The line is worth it and moves very quickly. If you're going to get a po-boy in this city, it should come from Parkway.Proud to give the 500th review... This apparently is where the locals get their poboys.. Ordered their staple roast beef... An oyster and a turkey for the flight back to NY... They were kind enough to put the "dress" on the side so not to get all soggy...
I scarfed down the oyster PoBoy immediately.. Fresh oysters fried crispy outside and plump and juicy inside... Fan-freaking tactic!
TheBEST PO' BOY !!!!!! Really researched where to get my po' boy and this place was everything it said it was times a million. Atmosphere was bomb. Food was beyond bomb. People there were so helpful and let me try 3 different kinds. Roast beef was juicy and yummy !!! Everyone NEEDS TO GO HERE ! Came here the last weekend in January. Best time ! So quiet and peaceful.Holy fried shrimp!! Sandwich was huge and over flowing with shrimp! I will eat here every trip I take to NOLA.