Not like the old days. Food was still good but the ambiance has lost its luster. We will still eat there. Restaurant was empty on a Friday night.The entrees are better elsewhere.  The oysters are fabulous here.  Cash only at the bar (really annoying) and drink prices go up once you're seated.  BBQ shrimp is famous, but I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.  Scallops and crabmeat was good if you want a cream based pasta dish with very little seasoning (read bland).  Dining room gets noisy.  Still you get good service from nice people.Pascal's is a New Orleans version of a Metairie restaurant doing New Orleans and Italian food.  They created the barbeque shrimp, here.  And that's not shrimp on the barby if that's what you think.  Oysters Rockefeller and Bienville or raw make a great appetizer, and my personal favorite dish is their Seafood and Crab Bake, which is a mixture of scallions, breadcrumbs, crab, oysters and trinity, baked in a small casserole.  Toss on some Parmesano and a little Tabasco or Crystal, and you've got Heaven in your mouth.  The chocolate mousse is excellent, as is the bread pudding.  Can be busy on big dinner nights, but Pascal's is great for lunch!I've eaten at Pascal's Manale a few times and know what to expect when I get there. The place is old-school and the menu is solid. Our party of ten had a reservation and were seated immediately. Drinks and oysters were brought out quickly and to a person, everyone had a great meal. I had the BBQ shrimp (as should everyone....but wear a bib) and was able to sample many other meals, including the beef tournedos atop fried eggplant and the shrimp & scallops. No..there is no cutting-edge cuisine here....and the meals may even be a bit clunky...but it is why you go to a place like this. No complaints, ever.4 stars for ambiance, history, food, service. The last 2 times we went however, the world famous BBQ Shrimp was rather lacking, not sure what's up with that.Just FYI yelp says they close at 10 - but not the case. Walked in a few min before 9 and the manager said "who said we're open till 10?!" yelp- this one's on you sugar.Couldn't wait to check it out, ordered a $24 veal parm that I could have got at any Italian place for $8. was over cooked, no salad or side. very little attention from our waiter. I hear a different waiter telling people specials that sounded much better than what I ordered, but our waiter never seemed to care enough to even bother to tell us they were available. Now we can say we tried it but for locals, there are a lot of better places in town, many for less $. Eh. we went somewhere else to have dessert and coffee.After reading some of the reviews we were expecting bad service & a mediocre experience but it was quiet the opposite. Our waiter was attentive and the food was incredible. The bbq shrimp are amazing, lots of work to clean them and get them ready to eat but well worth the work.Amazing restaurant.  Was there with a large group and asked the waiter to serve us family style with a variety of dishes.  Every dish was delicious, and our waiter had countless stories about New Orleans and places to visit in the city.  Highly recommend!Come here for the best stuffed shrimp in the world, and the cleanest raw oysters. This place serves deliciously prepared seafood that fuses Italian and Creole traditions, with a down-home yet classy Louisiana atmosphere. Get ready for the garlic! The flavors are rich and complex... while not necessarily heavy on every dish. I had the Fish New Orleans last night, which came with very lean Mahi. Also the waiters are knowledgable and personable- very friendly. This place offers something for all generations of New Orleans food lovers to enjoy. Bring your family or out of town guests when you visit because you'll want to taste everything on the menu.Best Bar-b-que shrimp ever! Oysters were amazing too!  Traditional in appearance and menu, but unique and delicious at the same time. Local's swear by the food and ambiance, and we weren't disappointed.  It was a little pricey, but worth it.  We loved the location and local charm.  Can't go wrong with a place sworn by as fabulous by native New Orleanians.The best. The people are the Best, but the BBQ shrimp was so good!!!
We Love it here, I don't care what you order it's going to be Fantastic! One of the Best meals you will have in this town!!!great turtle soup and bbq shrimp oh man was that turtle soup great. i will be back to eat here many more times. cant wait to go backNothing like getting denied because one person in the party was wearing shorts! Guess they think they are Galatoire's! Would have liked to have shown the out of town visitors this place, but they have lost our business!This was my Mom & Pop's favorite place to go back in the 50's.  My dad is eighty now, and I look forward to taking him here again someday.  I made it in as far as the bar and ended up spending the entire evening with the son of the man who served my ma and pa back in the 50's.  I ate oysters and drank famous grouse Scotch the whole night, then hung out with the servers after the place closed.  If you can only go to eat in one place in NOLA, this is the one, FO SHO...The food and atmosphere are good, but not great, and it is all severely overpriced.
I had heard good things about the BBQ Shrimp Sandwich, so I dropped by for lunch the other day to try it out. It was good but certainly not worth the $14 price. When you add tax and tip, that's a pricey po boy.I'm sorry this place is OVERHYPED
 The BBQ shrimp was gross. It was swimming in old oil and spices. The shrimp was tough rubbery and chewy. What the hell are people talking about here? We also had the eggplant dish which I don't even know what it was supposed to be..tasted like hot baby food. We had Oysters Bienville which were just baked oysters covered with a puree that was okay but nothing to rave about. Their overpriced salads are not worth even mentioning, bread was airy and dry.  Our waitress was wonderful and very good to our large party. They kept the water glasses filled and iced tea refilled which was appreciated. But honestly their house special the BBQ shrimp? Seriously people...this wasn't buttery...it is oil it's only oil and it's gross..
So here's how you do it, take the old family recipe and change it up a bit instead of serving the shrimp in old oil and spices why not do stock-based broth with butter and spices. I think that would keep the shrimp from being tough and chewy. Oh and also don't serve 2 Gulf size shrimp and fill the bowl with  21 - 25 count shrimp. It makes a difference. 
I knew I should have gone to Commander's PalaceNow that i am back from New Orleans i must admit that this was one of my least memorable meals.
I thought the BBQ shrimp really didn't have any flavor and were covered with grease.
My entree with the fish Orleans.  It was covered with shrimp and over pasta.  It was tasty but nothing special.
It doesn't help that my friend after having oysters went straight to the bathroom and vomited.  
All and all... do not feel the need to go back
The service would go though.  They allowed us to expand our reservation from 4 to 5 people without any hassle.I'll dream about the BBQ shrimp - so good, and unlike anything I've ever had  before. We took the trolley uptown, then walked up to Pascals. For two they don't take reservations. We arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night and only had to wait 30 minutes. Enjoyed a great Hendrick's & tonic - the bartender knows how to pour a good drink. Their markup on wines is not ridiculous either. We ordered their recommended bottle of Joel Gott Sav Blanc. We started with wedge salads - classic and above average. Chilled, crispy iceberg & great blue cheese. I had the BBQ shrimp, my hubby ordered a drum special.  Both were great. The French bread was excellent - perfect for sopping up all that incredible sauce on the shrimp.  Our server was attentive, friendly & pleasant.  Next time I'm in NO I'll definitely return here.To repeat what everyone is saying, eat the BBQ shrimp!  If you are a vegetarian or do not eat shrimp, muahahaha, you will never understand how good this is.  Get messy and eat up.  A great place to eat if you are going to Tip's for a show.  Service was pretty good and the drinks were great.  The bartenders also have a good idea what's going on at the clubs on any given night.  It might be a little on the pricey side, but worth it.great southern character, great southern food. most interesting, in a good way, server ive ever had.We returned to this restaurant after 4 years because of the excellent bbq shrimp sandwich and chicken and andouille gumbo. It was just as good as we remembered. Prompt, efficient service at the table. What could be improved is the "host's" somewhat lackluster greeting and goodbye. Let me rephrase. There was no goodbye and thanks as we passed directly behind him. That type of attitude makes me not want to take a long trolley ride when there are so many other good restaurants downtown.MAYBE you can find a little better meal at a few other places, but definitely not for the prices here. I highly recommend choosing one of the daily specials, done this my last three visits & been great each time. Ofcourse someone at the table should try the BBQ shrimp if theyve never had it, but the rest of the menu deserves your attention. My wife is from NJ & highly particular about egg plant dishes, she recommends them here. Good raw oysters too.This was described on numerous websites as a kid-friendly New Orleans classic.  The food was good but this is not in any way a kid friendly restaurant.  The service was rude and obvious not interested in having kids there.  Lesson learned.Best place to have raw oysters during happy hour! So fresh n clean!! Thomas is the best oyster shucker n friend!!Amazing! Came here last weekend with my uncle and aunt and it was fabulous. Of course I got the BBQ shrimp which was absolutely delicious especially the bread dipped into the sauce trust me, try it! I normally don't even eat bread or butter or shellfish it the whole meal including the lemon drop martinis were just fantastic! Our waiter was great too and even had some cool stories about Louisiana seafoodFor my 100th review, I thought it should be special. What's more special than my favorite meal, at my favorite restaurant, in one of my top 3 favorite cities.
Manale's is famous for their BBQ shrimp. Are you thinking shrimp slathered with BBQ sauce? Well, you're wrong. 
BBQ shrimp are shrimp baked with the heads and shells on in a mix of butter, Worcestershire and a host of other spices. I guarantee you've never tasted anything this good (although Drago's char-broiled oysters run a close second) in your life. Served with perfect New Orleans French bread (paper thin, light crust, soft, airy bread on the inside) for sopping up the sauce, this is a New Orleans staple that was originated at Manale's.
In addition to the BBQ shrimp, there are other reasons to visit this New Orleans establishment as well, like the oyster bar where I once challenged a 10 year old kid to eat a very large raw oyster. He did it so I had to as well, and I hate a large raw oyster (yet tiny ones are a gift to the world). Good stiff drinks in the bar as well as oysters to die for and shuckers who win contests. Seriously.
When you go to the dining room, it's like stepping into another decade. It's got that old school Italian feeling. I expect to see Carlos Marcello surrounded by his people at a back table. OK, not really since I wouldn't know Carlos Marcello from Tony Soprano...but you get the idea. 
The waitresses are all of that older, steak house variety. You know the kind, weathered, hardened and not about to take any crap, but still wonderful, attentive and knowledgeable because they've been there since the joint opened.
The Italian-inspired menu ranges across everything you can think of and all the New Orleans classics as well, but you know, in the end, it's all about the BBQ shrimp. And that might just be the best meal on earth.The end all be all of Barbecue Shrimp.  I have eaten at this place 50 times and it never disappoints.  This last visit was the best, probably due to the company I had.  Take the french bread and start the shoveling process.  Really the french bread is just a vehicle to get the liquid gold into your mouth(or you could use a straw).  Enjoy the jumbo shrimp in the process, but don't skimp with the bread.  Stop at the oyster bar on the way in for a little warm up prior to the main course if you want to.
Side note:  My family has been coming here since the 70's, so I am a little biased to this place.  As long as I am around, I will always be going back to eat at Pascal's.  Their Barbecue Shrimp is on my top 5 foods of all time!Happy Hour not very happy!  First: a throwback, no credit cards. O, they have an ATM. I am not in high school. This is an expensive tourist trap, not an off the books dive bar. The cheaper oysters (which are good and cold) must be paid for in cash at the bar.... And then you take your plastic token to the eight foot long oyster bar because you must eat your bargain priced oysters standing up crowded in with the "crowd."  Now the fun part:  the oyster shucker who is playing for tips(did I mention the bartender whom you already paid weaseled a tip out of you -- delivers oysters randomly to all of the standing customers based on some secret formula: one for you, three for the young lady, two to the guy with the British accent - you get it?  Don't bother. Very unpleasant. O, the main menu: over priced tourist trap fare. The place needs a major make over.Pascal's is an institution, or rather a NEW ORLEANS institution.  The atmosphere is circa 1957 and the memorabilia dates back farther than that.  Oyster bar on the right as you enter, bar on the left.  The place will be packed with an even balance of regulars (motley assortment to say the least) and out of town tourists.  Nothing about ambiance suggests anything exciting, but the food is outstanding.  Go ahead and order the BBQ shrimp, but don't refuse the cheesy paper bib (it's part of the schtick).  And when you're done be sure to order the bread pudding; it's probably one of the best in the city.Extremely disappointing. Walked in with an assumption that this would be a nice meal. 
Ordered the Grilled Fish Orleans. The Mahi was so overcooked it might as well been Starkist out of a can .... so the chef offered to buy me a desert.   ... Yay me.  
Paid for a meal I didn't eat ..
But the bread was ok ..Completely in love with this place!
When you walk in you are immediately greeted by the bar staff and in full view of the oyster bar. If it were up to me I would have eaten oysters and BBQ shrimp at the bar all night, but they don't serve food aside from oysters in the bar. 
The staff was helpful and friendly and even engaged in a little local celeb bashing. I'll leave much of the banter to be figured out when you go as they have a hefty Wall of Fame, but I will say "The father is the only decent one."
I can't say enough about how much I love this place. The oysters were huge and as fresh as they come. The shrimp were perfect from every aspect including seasoning and texture. 
If you come to NOLA and don't eat Pascal's, you might as well not come to NOLA. Chumps!Random thoughts about Pascal's Manale's BBQ shrimp:
Wowza--that's what they should call the butter sauce my BBQ shrimps were a-swimmin in.
I wonder if Bubba knew about this BBQ shrimp because he could have stopped right there. Forest would have understood.
These shrimp are heads and tails above any shrimp I've had before.
So worth the $25. I would have paid $26.
Awww, shucks, they were perfect after the oysters I sucked down at PM's oyster bar. 
Thank you, I'll be here all week. Try the shrimp.Absolutely amazing meal.
We started with an egg plant dish that was covered in shrimp and some sort of heavenly red sauce. 
We also had a soft shell crab covered in BBQ shrimp and sauce. The crab was the best soft shell I have had very full of flavor and perfect texture. I don't think anything more needs to be said about the shrimp, it has the reputation for a reason. 
We also had the blackened tuna covered in  crawfish étouffée. My mouth waters just remembering the meal. 
For desert we had their bread pudding. 
It was not the best I have had but it was still a solid performer. 
The only thing that could improve this  meal was the server. Louie was one of the best waiters I have had, he is Italian and knows his food. 
This was recommended to me by a friend who lives here and I can't wait to return.This place had come highly recommended, and we were very excited to try their food. Our waitress was extremely pushy, making us feel like we couldn't take our time considering our order (and later, our meal).  
As for the food... the oysters from the fresh oyster bar WERE excellent, but the main course - the New Orleans "BBQ Shrimp" (for which they drape a paper bib around your neck, actually the highlight of the evening) - was incredibly mediocre.  A few of the shrimp (which are served whole) even had a septic taste to them, which was unpleasant.  Also - why are they called BBQ shrimp when they clearly have not been near a BBQ?  Additionally, the Insalata Manale was nearly inedible (terrible green olives). The wine list was surprisingly lackluster, and we ended up enjoying Ketel One and soda instead (which were fine). 
Ultimately, we felt very rushed, and the food was mediocre. Considering the prices and reputation, we were very disappointed.If I could issue a zero star rating I would.  The famous barbecue shrimp were a frozen product not fresh and very difficult to peel. The bread pudding as it cooled down was like licking a stick of greasy butter. But the worst part was the service. The waiter approached our table with a very casual attitude as if he had know us for years. Not professional at all. The drinks were served with his hand over the top of the glass and one of the cocktails served wasn't  even ordered. I asked a young lady for some more sprite and she told me she would have to tell the waiter, really you just filled my water glass. 12 minutes later the sprite arrived. I could go on but what's  the point. Not even remotely worth the priceBeing chinese and from the bay area we are familiar with consuming shrimp in its best form, head and body and all!  The flavor is all in the sucking out the juices from the head.  The BBQ shrimp was fresh and good but was not as good as we thought.  It was disappointing and gross that the shrimp veins (bowel movement) were not removed from a pricey signature dish ($24 for 10 shrimps no sides).  The shrimp we get from koi palace in Daly City, CA is better. 
We also got the three course summer meal which was a good deal. We got the gumbo and the stuffed eggplant.  The gumbo was tasty and the stuffed eggplant was ok but was basically just a dish of eggplant, shrimp, and crab mashed together as opposed to an actually stuffed eggplant. i got the crab cake alfredo and the crab cakes were good but the alfredo was a little too rich and creamy for me. for dessert, we got the bread pudding and that was ok.
All in all, not worth the hype but a great excuse to take the Street Car for $1.25!Pascal's Manale is our favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  As tourists, we researched our meals, and all of our NOLA inside friends told us this was THE PLACE to dine.  We are so glad we made reservations and dined here.  The food is all that is advertised.  Here are two more positives:  (1) our waiter was extraordinary. By the time we left, we felt like we had a new friend in New Orleans.  He took great care of us. and (2) the people watching was a blast.  Seems like everyone in the place was a regular/local.  The whole feel of the place (especially the food) gave us a true New Orleans experience.Went here with some friends while in NOLA on business.  I had been here before ( before Katrina).  I was hoping it was as good as I remember.  It was better.  The BBQ shrimp dish is absolutely AMAZING.  The service was impeccable as well.  I did order the wrong dessert.  I ordered the bread pudding.  It was just ok.  I forgot bread pudding had raisins in it...Quintessential NOLA. 100+ years in business. While I'm sure everything on their menu is great. I've been eating here for 38 years. When I visit NOLA this is a must dinner. Couple dozen rate oysters at the oyster bar with local beer. Then main dining room for BBQ Shrimp with Bread Pudding and coffee to finish. Simply divine.This is a very special place. Old style elegance and fantastic food. I had the classic BBQ Shrimp as letters on the half shell with a glass of Californian Savignon Blanc. Doesn't get much better than that.I very seldom give 5 stars..only because for most places there is always room for improvement. However, when it comes to this place hands down 5 all the way. We had the Oyster Rockefeller and Oyster Bienville...awesome! Barbecue Shrimp succulent..The bread pudding made you want to put your face in the bowl!!! And the Service was great. Definitely a best kept secret in New Orleans..maybe, maybe not for some! #bonappetiteThis was a last ditch resort for a dinner on Friday night.  We were seated as a group of 8, which was great, since it was next to impossible to make reservations at the last minute.  
After a horrendous ride from the French Quarter, we wound up here.  The raw oyster bar was a sight to behold upon entering the restaurant.
We had a brief wait and were seated.  The menu isn't that long and to me, its odd to have seafood juxtaposed to several veal options.  Service was very slow and our waiter was super subdued.
We ordered the fried mozzarella, which was suprisingly delicious and not greasy.  I'd recommend it!
Our BBQ shrimp was a disappointment, to the point we complained about it as it was so chewy and hard to peel that it just made you feel gross.  We were rewarded with much better shrimp, but by the time we got it, we were already full.  I really didn't think the shrimp were that great - I've had much better elsewhere, even in the jambalaya I enjoyed throughout NOLA.
I give them kudos for singing to me for my birthday - nice!
The food here is RICH.  I'm not so sure that its really that flavorful - itw as just kind of meh.  Not bad, but really not that great.
We all felt so full and gross after eating the rich food here that we couldn't bring ourselves to go out in the French Quarter after.  Pretty sad.  For that reason, I'd recommend this place for lunch, so you can go for a long walk after!!!My wife and I returned after 17 years and found the oysters and shrimp to be just as we remembered - FANTASTIC.  Great owner, great food, great service,  great heritage, great restaurant.  Need to come back soon!!Beware!  This restaurant says it is wheelchair accessible but that is only by entering through the kitchen.  Very disagreeable.  To make matters worse, there is no handicap accessible bathroom.  
The food was pretty good, but the staff was far overstretched even though a group of 30+ had made reservations weeks in advance.  It took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get the entrees.  
The food was not worth the rest of the experience.I am seriously so disappointed. This restaurant was recommended to us, so when my boyfriends parents came to visit us we took them here. Immediately we were looked up and down and we could tell what they were thinking. They didn't like the way some of us were dressed. Excuse us, we just came from a tour and were starving. Next we were sat down and waited about 5 minutes to receive a menu. The server had absolutely NO hospitality. I mean none whatsoever. We felt like we were being looked at as lower class people and like he really did not want to be bothered with us. Probably figuring he was going to be given a bad tip, so why put the effort in? He never bothered to tell us the soup of the day or any of the specials, which we knew they had from overhearing a different server at another table. Well we ordered the famous BBQ shrimp. My boyfriends father was the only one who ordered the fried oysters. Impressed? Not in the slightest!!! The shrimp was way over cooked and fishy. The sauce was basically just oil,butter, and pepper. It didn't come with any sides either for the price of $26. Every single one of us just could not believe that these shrimp were so popular.  With the first bite I immediately regretted my decision. A single glance at my boyfriend and I could tell he wasn't happy. He offered his shrimp to anyone that would take it, which says a lot because he never lets anyone touch his food! It is safe to say that we were less than thrilled with our experience here. Perhaps if it wasn't for the awful service we wouldn't feel so strongly against this place and maybe would've came back to try something different, but it's safe to say we will never be back here again.Great Bar-b-que shrimp.  Second to only Dante's kitchen.  Dante's only has it as a appetizer.  Good varied menu.Always a favorite spot for lunch or dinner.  I had the Mediterranean shrimp pasta from the special of the day menu.  It was fantastic.  Of course, anything I have ever had there has been fantastic.  This is definitely one of those reliable places where you can always take out-of-town guests too even with a variety of palates involved.  The service is always top notch as well.Came across this place one night before heading to a show with the wife and thought we would give it a try. Upon walking in we both felt at home. Cash only bar in the front with fresh oysters being shucked across the way. Great atmosphere and that family type feeling from the front staff. Home to the famous BBQ shrimp which I can say I didn't try but looked amazing. Great specials offered and we had the crab cakes over pasta and drum fish with sauteed shrimp in a reduced bbq sauce. The gumbo was also very good. I am looking forward to getting back there for another great meal.The food here was really great. I enjoyed the seafood casserole. I cannot wait to eat here again. It was a very nice quiet neighborhood spot.Expensive lunch but soooooo worth it.  GREAT staff.  Amazing food, service and bar.  We didn't feel bad not being dressed up as the wait staff made us feel right at home.  BBQ was to die for and very large shrimp.  It is a must do in NOLA.It doesn't look like much. The staff is quirky. They only take cash (maybe just at the bar). But if there's a better lunch than turtle soup followed by the bbq shrimp sandwich, I haven't experienced it. Be sure to dip the sandwich in the sauce, and ask for a bib.Love their bread pudding! It is amazing.   Not a fan of their BBQ shrimp, which is what they are famous for.  You spend most of your time de-veining rather than enjoying.  Their table bread is super delcious and if you do the oyster bar, it is a fun atmosphere! great gem in a great city!I had a lovely time here this evening. It had been the kind of day that calls for grain alcohol and oysters, so Mom and I went to Pascal's. The bar tender made us excellent Sazeracs and was really nice. They  had that wonderful fragrance to them that a Sazerac is supposed to have. You get a little token for your oysters and take them to the oyster bar. The oyster guy was very friendly and personable and the oysters were ice cold, sweet, and salty. 
The ambiance was really great, too. I can't believe I've never been to Pascal's. I take it as a sign of the deprivation of a North shore childhood. Mom told me how she ate her first raw oyster at Pascal's when she was 13. It was Carnival season and she and my grandfather were in the city for some reason. He wanted oysters and took her to Pascal's. I need to go again for the shrimp and of course I want to go back for Sazeracs and oysters.Very good old (104 years old) in the garden district. The oysters $8 per half dozen and very very fresh. I had soft shell crab with BBQ shrimp. Shrimp was over cooked but the crab was good. All comes with French bread to dip in the delicious buyer sauces. Entrees are $20-$30. Nice evening with friends or a romantic dinner.I have been coming to Manale's on every visit to New Orleans since the late 1980s.  The oysters are the best I have ever eaten.
The Bar B Q Shrimp dish is unique.  The fresh bread for dipping is overlooked and is just fantastic.
This place is a must when visiting New Orleans.
What is not surprising is that my waiter informed me half of the business is returning tourists.  People that go there once return the next time they are in town.  Pascal's Manale is certainly NOT a one and done restaurant.Staying 3 doors down at Beau Sejour, this restaurant came highly recommended. It was about a 20 minute wait on a Friday Night (which is not too bad). We took the hostess' suggestion and had a drink at the bar and ordered a dozen oysters to split between 3 of us. That was in itself a highlight. They were huge and tasty and I don't think they can come fresher if we had them straight from the bed. 
We were seated in the tiny dining room which accounted for the wait. Our waiter was a little weird, but very nice. Since the restaurant is famous for thier BBQ shrimp, we went for it and split one between two of us. The shrimp are ginourmous and the "secret" bbq sauce was so good we dipped our French Bread and allowed for no waste. One of our party ordered the Veal and he liked it. I recommend you come for the Oysters and the Shrimp. It's enough!Wow, this was truly an amazing meal!  Our group shared the Sampler Roast and the Eggplant Stuffing before the meal.  Both were phenomenal.  I could have made a meal out of them alone.  
For my entree I chose their signature dish - the  barbecued shrimp and I was not disappointed.  The shrimp were large, sweet and prepared perfectly.  I am definitely a fan of Pascal's Manale.Never expected a white cloth restaurant in the middle of the neighborhood.  We really enjoyed it.  Highly recommend the shrimp and grits.So disappointed with this restaurant....My fiance and I heard nothing but good things about this place and it fell way short. He ordered the BBQ Shrimp...horrible...watered down sauce, not seasoned at all, and stingy with the serving. He said the serving was snack size. I had the chicken dish, and it was flavorless. The only thing that was good was the fried cheese. Sad. Never again.Our experience at pascal's manale was very brief, but incredibly unpleasant. Around 9pm we arrived at the restaurant after making sure to check their closing time online, which said 10pm. We walked through the doors which listed their closing time as "till" and there were people dining when we walked in. We headed towards the hosts stand where a man, presumably the host, was standing and completely ignored us... about 2 minutes later we were greeted with a sarcastic "can I help you"? And when we asked if they were still seating, he curtly replied that they were not. I am sure their food is fantastic, but I will not be going back... there are far too many great restaurants in new orleans that take care to give good service to all customers... even a group of young adults who walk in when they would rather be closed.I'm a local and was quite disappointed!  This very well known city restaurant offered ridiculously poor customer service and food no one enjoyed.  Maybe if you dine there as a tourist and you don't know any better you'll be satisfied but the nine of us that dined there and had a variety of their dishes we not pleased with the bland food.  Did I mention the poor customer service.... I can't tell you our waiters name...b/c he did not provide it. We were told only one check per table but that we could pay with as many cards as we needed so we did....it seemed to be a problem. We had to find the waiter to pay, then we had to track down the receipts to sign so we could leave. Once we did, we were not told thank you for coming or any sign of appreciation for our patronage.  Perhaps it's b/c we were a table of nine black local ladies. Maybe your experience will prove to be a better one if you are a white tourist.  They seemed to be getting the required service from their wait staff. Thanks to our bus boys for taking care of us. Needless to say the nine of us and anyone we can get word to....won't be dining here again!
Good luck with this one folks!Came in close to closing and terribly underdressed after a long day with rain. They were gracious and food was really good- old fashioned/ iconic food!I've been here many times and will always return. Classic neighborhood restaurant in Uptown New Orleans. Famous for their BBQ shrimp, but I gave up wearing bibs years ago. Their oysters, fish and veal are always spot on. Friendly, efficient staff does a great job as the tables are always full of eager and hungry customers. A must eat for every visitor to the Big Easy!Best, biggest raw oysters in the city. The wait is worth it if you stand at the oyster bar. Several good Italian dishes are also on the menu.Loved the history behind this place, as well as the atmosphere. When you first walk in, there is a group of gentleman shucking oysters in front of you and they are so entertaining. To the left is the bar area, and you're completely surrounded by pictures of celebrities with their compliments and autographs. The staff was very warm and friendly that we almost didn't want to leave for the dining room. We were taken back to our table where we had exceptional service accompanied with great food, to say the least. We would recommend this to anyone staying in New Orleans, and we will be back for more.Just not impressed. Their specialty of barbecue shrimp was s huge disappointment. Ordered a side of spaghetti and asparagus and born were extremely bland. Very loud and service was nothing special. Unfortunately I would not return for a second try.the BBQ shrimp really is as heavenly as everyone says - they serve it with a giant loaf of crusty bread to sop up all the delicious sauces, and paired with a glass of wine, it's basically the perfect meal.This place is a must-go if you are visiting New Orleans. If staying in the French Quarter, take the old car to maximize your New Orleans experience.
Their signature dish, the BBQ shrimp will add on 5lbs but is to die for. Be ready for the waiter to tie on a huge bib before enjoying this dish. Every appetizer we ordered was delicious, you can't go wrong.
The bread pudding is REAL southern bread pudding. They even give you the recipe to this tasty treat. 
If feeling guilty after all this fatty consumption, take a 3 mile walk back to the French quarter and enjoy viewing the beautiful mansions (while trying to avoid getting mugged).A lot of hype about this place and I was told I must go.  They are the inventors of BBQ shrimp.  I'm a big fan of the BBQ shrimp at a restaurant in the Quarter, so I thought I should try it by comparison.   I was extremely disappointed.  It had almost no flavor.  It seemed almost like the sauce was just butter and pepper.  Luckily, I had a friend with me that had eaten here before and I asked him to try it.  He agreed.  This is not the BBQ shrimp he had grown up on and loved.  At first, I thought it might be a bad day, but I've noticed other reviewers also complaining that the sauce had been altered or was missing ingredients.  With that being said, the Chicken Orleans was phenomenal, the wait staff professional, courteous and attentive.  The restaurant itself charming and clean.  If you go, don't bite into the hype of the BBQ shrimp unless you're know they are back to normal.  Perhaps they will let you taste the sauce before you order, otherwise, you're just in for a big disappointment.The oyster bar and Thomas are World class. and the barbecued shrimp is really good. In fact, it may be the only reason to eat here. Unfortunately the attitude of the staff from the bartender to the waiter is pretty dismal. They are rude and appear to have much better things to do than be bothered waiting on you and heaven forbid you should have any questions about the menu. In a city that is full of extraordinary restaurants and really nice people, take a hard pass on this one.This place is fantastic, love the story behind it, the history and the awesome food, one word wowThe restaurant had a historic feeling to it, with all the pictures of famous people and sort of the ambiance of being a place where the mafia frequented. I had the barbecue shrimp po-boy, which was not what I expected and thought was really good. I would not go for dinner where they give you a bib and make you peel all the shells, but I would definitely go for lunch again for it. Service was really good too, but I might be biased since my boss's daughter's boyfriend works there :P.Carpeted. Also overpriced and unoriginal. And carpeted. What's up with New Orleans and the carpeted restaurants made out of converted houses?I found this restaurant overrated.
Pros: Nice atmosphere at the raw bar...lots of room to wait...nice drinks area...friendly folks...
Cons: Extremely loud in the dining area...had to speak with raised voice to be heard...dishes were nothing extraordinary...the house special BBQ shrimp dish was simply a dozen or so steamed shrimp in a sort of piquant brown sauce and that was it. For $26, this didn't seem like value for money. Two in our party ordered the dinner special drum which while tasty was a smallish portion with no sides...also overpriced.
I don't recommend P's M and don't plan to return.Excellent BBQ shrimp. Wonderful service. Easy to book. We had a party of 5 and was well served. We had not been there for nearly 25 years as we're from out of town, however, it was the same as we remembered it, nearly 25 years later. It will not be that long before we come back again.So we had a big group initially on RSVP, but our group of 15+ went down to 10...So the area we had reserved, the maitre'd or whatever was a bit rude to us. We didn't know and plans change. We offered to let the extra table which fit 5 people come into the room and we even scoped out people to join us (company dinner). But the guy was still being rude and said it was too late and wasn't going to sit that table of 5. 
So the barbecue shrimp was super yummy! A bit pricey (although I wasn't paying) but yummy! I also ordered the crabmeat and scallops pasta which wasn't too exciting or great. Oysters were awesome!! Very meaty and perfectly salty but not too much.I was somewhat disappointed with my experience here. I had heard huge things about the BBQ shrimp, but was left questioning what the hype was about. Yes this shrimp are huge and it is a neat to have experience a historic restaurant of New Orleans, but I will probably not be going back. 
Just to give a point of plus to the restaurant, the staff was really helpful, nice, and knowledgeable.The chicken was so good, until it was coming back up 4 hours later. I have never thrown up so violently in my life. I continued to feel bad the next day. Needless to say I won't be going back.Recommendations: Oyster Bienville and Crab Cake Alfredo.
Oyster Bienville - baked oysters with bacon, shrimp, and mushroom. It was creamy and very flavorful. It is served with a lemon so add as much juice as you want to it. I highly recommend this appetizer.
Crab Cake Alfredo - special - creamy Alfredo with prices of crab meat mixed in and 2 crab cakes. Very flavorful. I would order this again
BBQ shrimp - I am not a big shrimp eater. The presentation was nice, the waiter comes and puts a bib on you. The shrimp is cooked in butter and black pepper. I personally would not order this again. 
Bread pudding - I ordered this because a lot of people praised it on yelp. I quite enjoyed it. Although, I am not the biggest fan of raisins.
Service 5/5: the waiters seemed very attentive to all the tables. My waiter was very quick to show up whenever we needed something. He checked in with us multiple times and as I said they bring you a bib and tie it for you! After we finished with the shrimp he brought out hot towels for us to clean our hands.