So, originally, we had dinner reservations for five for Dec 27th, but a) something else came up for that night, and b) our girls went off with our friend's boys to the Spurs v. Pelicans NBA game which let us parental-types enjoy a dinner "sans les enfants" -- and thus, a quick call to Patois, and we were able to shift our meal to this evening at 9:00. Good omen, number one.
Good omen, number two: I didn't have to tell the cabbie how to get there! (Seriously, I have had to do this on several previous occasions.)
Good omen, number three: Chef Aaron Burgau came walking to of the kitchen while we were at the bar (the cab driver was faster than I had anticipated), and said, "What are you guys doing here?" Hugs and holiday wishes all around, while we caught up on the goings-on of families, business, and Life. Then Leon Touzet appeared from the back, and more greetings all 'round. Dinner was superb! It always feels like family here, and not just because Lynn and I have come to know Aaron (and Leon) a bit over the years. Everyone on the staff is always warm, welcoming and accommodating -- and the food is as delicious as always!
The Mississippi Rabbit stuffed with boudin is always amazing. The short ribs were "killer," and the NY Strip was perfectly delicious . . . and the Sandhi 2012 Pinot Noir from the Santa Rita Hills of California was a perfect compliment to all three entrées.
As annual visitors from California, we are faced with a "difficult" dilemma when it comes to dining choices. We love trying new places, but we also love our "favorites." That oddly makes our meal options more complicated than were we first-time visitors or residents of our favorite city to visit. But one place we never miss is Patois . . .Do yourself a favor and book a table here.  It's a cool little restaurant with exceptional food and service. Their home made pastries and biscuits are some of the best we had.  And their Bloody Mary - wow!!  The restaurant is a way away from the French quarter where we were staying - about 30 minutes on the bus. Walking up to Patois, my wife said "this place better be good.  It took forever to get here!"  One bite of food, one sip of the bloody mary and we were sold. You will be too.Yet another update . . . 
Patois is as wonderful as ever, and Aaron Burgau remains as generous, kind, and warm-hearted a person as his food is delicious and satisfying.  Thank heavens I don't live in New Orleans -- let alone in the neighborhood!  I might never leave . . .
The food is truly wonderful; the service attentive without begin smothering; and the atmosphere is casual and relaxed -- if "comfort food" evokes a certain warm feeling in your heart, translate that feeling to the atmosphere:  I walk in and it feels like home, even though I've only eaten here five times in my life.
Truly, Patois IS "as good as it gets."
(Now, if only I didn't have to pull out my iPhone and tell the cab drivers how to get there . . . )Loved my shrimp and grits! Savory and creamy with the seafood cooked to perfection. The food is very fresh. Reservations recommended.Made a same-day reservation on the advice of a friend, and she did not disappoint. Creative, flavorful dishes and a super friendly, inviting staff. Highly recommend if you are visiting NOLA.We had brunch here during our latest visit and it did not disappoint. Our party shared several appetizers (lamb ribs and fried green tomatoes were my favorites). The shrimp and grits were incredibly fresh and the had a perfect texture. The brunch isn't too pricey but has been outstanding every time I've visited New Orleans. It will be one of our first reservations during our next trip.Excellent restaurant, which we only used for brunch today. Pleasant, attentive waitstaff, diverse menu choices, all of which were judged superb by our table of 4--rabbit with poached egg on a biscuit, pulled pork with 2 poached eggs and hollandaise on wonderful biscuits, shrimp and grits, rabbit and sausage gumbo. We would have loved to dine here for an evening meal, but that will have to come later.This restaurant was great! The waitress I had was very nice and articulate. I got the potato gnocchi which was good, but I preferred the osso buco, which my dad ordered, it was so delicious! My brother says this is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans.Four of us ate here for brunch on Sunday.  This was my first time at Patois so I have no dinner to compare it to, but this brunch was amazing.  I must say that I almost agree with the waitress - that in her opinion they have one of the best brunches in the city.  I've had some great brunches, and this one ranks right up there with the greats.  First of all, the bread brought to the table is an assortment of muffins - freshly baked out of their oven.  One should also get the Bloody Mary.  Now I can say this was the best Bloody Mary I've ever had.  The ingredients tasted so fresh (they pickle their own vegetables/garnishes) and the "mix" wasn't even mix - it was homemade and tasted so great.  My husband and I split the shrimp salad - perfect for summer - huge shrimp, sauce and cantaloupe (I know, right?!). I had the special brunch entree - it was pork belly with eggs over easy on pinto beans and some grit-cake thing (there's a name for it that I can't quite remember).  This entree was AWESOME.  Cooked to perfection.  My husband had the pulled pork biscuits - his was wonderful too. Another person we were with had the shrimp and grits (wonderful as well), and another had the basic breakfast - which also looked amazing.  I can't wait to come back here for dinner - and if they're Bloody Mary is any indication of the overall quality of the drinks, I'll need a taxi home.Patois, you intimate, elusive minx. So small and so hard to get into. Thank god for the wonderful host and hostesses who are so great about calling back when there's an opening! All of the servers are wonderful and knowledgeable. Sometimes, servers can be totally too cool for school, but never at Patois. 
I've always loved Patois. It's upscale but very relaxed. No pretentious a-holes, no stuffy air. And they serve brioche, so that's all that matters. 
The gnocchi is always fabulous. It's a heavy dish, but I love it. The mussels are a MUST. It's a very spicy, saffron-y, almost barbecue-y broth, but it's SO GOOD (and I'm a traditionalist here). The shrimp appetizer with the pimento cheese grit fries are amazing. Fried blocks of pimento cheese grits. How could it not be? My one complaint is that they leave the heads of. I just really dislike this for some reason. Yes, I get it, more flavor, but I just hate it.
I had the almond crusted fish of the day, which was a flounder filet. My favorite part of this dish was the perfectly cooked uncooked green beans it was served with. I don't know how to make this sound not bad. They were cooked slightly, and the crispiness was SO GOOD. I really don't know how to make it sound good. But it works perfectly with the soft fish. I didn't know uncooked green beans could be so perfect.Went for drinks. Nice bar with a very attentive and competent bartender. My issue is the rest of the staff. I tend to observe alot and I was taken back by the aloof, disinterested, rolling of the eyes when they thought no one was watching attitude of most of the staff from the door hostess to waiters and even kitchen staff that came busting out into the restaurant several times during the hour plus we were there.
Back to the bartender.....friendly, informative, and attentive. Made a great hot toddy for my wife....the bartender won the 3 stars for the place.I may be writing this from heaven. Because after my meal here, I'm pretty sure I died and went there.  I would literally give my first-born for a restaurant of this atmosphere and quality in Washington, DC.  We simply don't have anything that quite compares.  
This is another New Orleans neighborhood gem, just a few blocks from one of my all-time favorites, Clancy's.  The restaurant occupies a corner spot with simple, yet elegant, decor and large windows along the front.  Service was attentive, with a lot of helpful suggestions, and great energy.  
My meal started with a champagne cocktail, that wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and complemented the intrinsic lightness of champagne without dipping into the treacly.  I began with the potato gnocchi with jumbo lump crab, chanterelle mushrooms, & parmigiano-reggiano.  This absolutely transported me.  The sauce was rich without being heavy and the gnocchi melted in my mouth.  I could not stop raving about it to my dining companion.  
I then went with the seared scallops for my entree.  This was prepared  with green onion and ginger jasmine rice, baby bok choy, and a black garlic butter sauce.  Sigh.  My mouth is watering again as I type this.  
There was dessert, too.  But, honestly, at that point, after the meal of that quality, it was almost an afterthought.  There was ice cream.  A doberge, I think.  Don't fault me for my lack of description, I was having an out-of-body experience by that time.Was taken here for my graduation and our waiter could not have been nicer. A soup and and an entree were really filling and lavender cookies for a treat. Wow! Just a wonderful time. I went on a weekday but I'm told it's crazy on the weekends.Went in May, 2011  to Patois for dinner.  After having a big lunch decided to only try the appetizers and drinks.  
Patois has excellent service, water was filled quickly throughout the meal.
Tried the Charcuterie plate, pork belly & scallop, terrine, moules, cheese plate, and lamb ribs.  All were very good, but the hogshead cheese on the Charcuterie plate was amazing.  It melted in your mouth and had a lot of flavor.  Definitely recommend it.
Cheese plate came with rye bread which was odd.
The atmosphere was great.  Cute little off the beaten path restaurant.  
Cocktails were excellent!
Would definitely love to go back and have a full meal.I very much appreciate these kind of restaurants: smallish places with local character, serving creative locally inspired food. staff was very friendly and attentive (almost too attentive, i felt like i couldn't take a sip of water without someone wanting to top it off ;-)
went for brunch. the bread basket was nice, with a sweet sort of muffin thing that i loved. started with appetizer of Mussels and Fries, which were delish. Smokey tomato broth and saffron aioli were both amazing. i was fine with the mussels themselves, but my companion had one that "taste like cow'stuff' smells" - but otherwise i think she enjoyed it.
i had the pulled pork on poached eggs, and i liked it. not blown away though. i felt like the pork itself lacked flavor or pizzaz. but overall it was a nice dish. my friend had the omelet of the day which was very simple and nicely done.
we shared the olive oil cake and coffee, and both were very very nice, and i'm both a dessert and coffee snob.
it was slightly pricey, at $110 excluding tip for two people. i suppose the 4 mimosas had something to do with that ;-) but still!Pour some sugar on me cause it smells like teen spirit.
A fantastic brunch (delicious biscuits with the pulled pork) with a unique bloody mary was slightly marred by the soundtrack provided. Metallica and Bon Jovi both played twice, joined by the likes of AC/DC, Nirvana/ and everybody's favorite strip club song. What gives? This establishment has a classy feel (at least visually) and the food was really really good. I know jazz/Zydeco/easy listening are somewhat cliche choices for background but it's background, not supposed to dominate the conversation.
The food was very good, and reasonably priced in my opinion for the quality and location. The drinks were expensive, $11-12 for a cocktail outside of an antique bar in the French Quarter is really pushing it, especially for brunch.
All in all, a solid dining experience and the wait staff did a great job as well. Hope they turn the tunes down though.Patois is an amazing place. Its not that the food is crazy fancy or anything like that. Its just that this place does their food well, its simple and done just right. The wine selection is good and the scallops are to die for. Although I have to admit, the duck was done very well. I'm used to having really dry duck, but this place keeps it succulent. I would definitely recommend and revisit this place.Damn, the food here is delicious. It's not cheap, but it sure is good!
I've been twice now and haven't had anything that wasn't excellent. On my most recent visit, I started with the seafood gumbo. The roux was dark and rich and the small cup was loaded up with oysters, shrimp, and crawfish.
For my entree, I had the wild boar. Pretty sure this was the first time I ever ate wild board (WILD BOAR!). It rocked. And it came with the best piece of cornbread that I've ever had in my life. So moist, so fluffy. 
We shared a few desserts, including the "Snickers," which was peanut-y, chocolate-y, and rich. The lemon tart was also damn good.
Be prepared to drop some coin, but it's worth it.When I visited NOLA a few years ago, I went to Patois and it became one of my favorite restaurants ever. I was excited to go back this week, however I left very disappointed. It was by far the most expensive meal of our trip and exceedingly mediocre. 
I got the salad special as my appetizer and the egg on top was badly and obviously overcooked. The rest of the salad was pretty bleh as well. I got the fish and it was ok, but nothing to write home about and kind of on the salty side. My friends said the gnocchi was amazing, but the rest of their meals were similarly just ok. The service was similarly sub par. The waitress really couldn't care less and just sort of went through the motions. 
The following night we went to Shaya and had an amazing meal for half the price. This restaurant used to be great, but is clearly just riding the wave of its former success and overcharging for mediocre food in the process.Had a fantastic brunch with starters and entrees that we're difficult to choose between. The service and atmosphere are good and the prices very reasonable.
The breakfast burrito is Texas sized, you have been warned.
Enjoy!This was the best meal of our entire trip. Excellent service. Incredible food. There was nothing negative to say about it. I had the rabbit, which was meaty and filling. We started with tamales, a bit deconstructed and super moist. Also had some gumbo. I don't even remember what hubby got, but we ate every.dang.thing and my jeans split later ;)I cant say enough good things about Patois.  This was my second visit, and my expectations from the first visit were very high.  I felt like it would let me down this second time, not meet my sky high expectations, but it delivered in every way.
I ordered the Sweetbreads, and Moules Frites for the table.  The sweetbreads have a taste that just blows the mind - how they get such intense flavors into that dish I do not know.  The 2nd was a beet salad, which delivered, and the main, Duck, was prepared perfectly and had such beautiful flavors in the meat, the sweet sauce, the corn mash it all sat on.  We asked for a red recommendation from the Sommelier and she gave us a French Red that went down like liquid gold.  The expressions of joy on my colleagues faces as we experienced these tastes was wonderful.
To me this is a restaurant that doesnt try too hard - it is just a simple, perfect expression of fine food in a suburb of Nola.  I leave feeling like every penny was well spent, and the food doesnt sit heavy in my stomach, but light and perfect in every way.  I will count the days until I can experience this place to spent time with colleagues and friends again, and it will always be on my itinerary for this wonderful city.
Go - just go.The food was for the most part delicious, a bit pricey. Our octopus was over cooked but the gnocchi were amazing like all the rest. 
Very friendly staff. Beautiful decoration.
A must try in NOLA.The food was spectacular, and the flounder in particular was amazing.
  So why the two stars?  
1 star for the flounder
1 more star for the lavender and truffle yum yum 
minus 1 for the non-welcome
minus  1 for the bad seat next to the stairs
minus one for the butt-crack hostess and hot and sweaty chef????/cook boozing it up at the bar.
I don't pay $160.00 a meal for a pub experience.Went with a group of friends to this restaurant for lunch. The atmosphere is great, the space used for seating was well planned out (there is no bad seat) and the designer did a great job with making it a creative space. All the staff is friendly and as a customer you will be greeted often and asked by different servers how you are enjoying your food. While there are so many positives, there are a few negatives. My friend who ordered a burger was not asked how she liked it cooked. It came out over cooked and dry. The servers were not knowledgable of ingredients concerning food allergies. Lastly, service was very slow. We were there for about three hours where most of the wait was to get a server for ordering and waiting for food to come out. Overall, if you don't mind the wait, being specific with your order, and being careful and patient to learn some of the ingredients, it can be a good experience.  I suggest you try this place at least once, but in my humble opinion for the price there are better options.Let me start by saying that Patois is serving some of the best food in New Orleans; so why only three stars from your usually gushing reviewer? Two things:
      While Patois is easily one of my favorite spots for an haute brunch (more on that later), dinner has been disappointing on both pricing and ambience. If the prices were 20% lower, I'd be giving a four going on five star review; but the rusticity of the food, the casualness and almost incomplete nature of the space and decor along with the ear jarring noise level undermine the excellent work of the kitchen.Additionally, I'd rather get smaller portions for lower prices (my hearty eating girlfriend barely ate half of her delicious entree)...I know there are many "heavy forks" out there, but fine dining need not be their refuge-there are more humble environs that specialize in providing bulk quantities of tasty food in this town and I'd rather not be grossed out by the kitchen's profligacy at a nicer restaurant.
      Back to what Patois does so well: brunch is especially good because the simple space is exalted by the copious natural light pouring in the many large plate glass windows (sans any treatment). Also, my gal deems their grits a heavenly bequest from the gods of grinding cornmeal...they are truly amazing! I love the gnocchi starter, with jumbo lump crab, chanterelle mushrooms & parmigiano-reggiano. I also love the almond crusted gulf fish...simple, fresh, and always delightful.Finally, the brunch menu is more wide ranging than most and can easily satisfy a diverse table without your burger lover sulking or your oysterphile pouting.
       I will continue to brunch at Patois, but future dinner visits are unlikely-for the same price, I can have perfection at Gautreau's and still hear the next day.The wait staff was attentive and helpful in selecting a wine  (I don't know french wine well).  Our food was delicious; everything we ate was tender and very tasteful.  We did not try dessert, but I imagine it's delicious as well.  I've been here once before for brunch and it was also a great experience.
Notables: Crispy Duck Confit Salad, Mississippi RabbitVery solid good food!  Lots of neighborhood color and fun cocktails.  Food was good, the place is just a little crowded, tight seating and  a small bar so don't get there too early.Patois is in an elegant corner storefront building tucked into a residential neighborhood.  The décor is vintage white with wood floors and high ceilings.  Our weeknight group ordered multiple appetizers in place of entrées.  The staff had a bit of a problem with timing.  Some people received food quickly while others waited with nothing in front of them. The bread basket emptied and no more was offered.  That was really the only issue and it didn't detract from a memorable evening.  The fresh tomato salad was a nice seasonal offering although the tomatoes lacked the burst of vine-ripened flavor I wanted. The lamb ribs had a slightly sweet smoky tang. The flavor was great but the meat was slightly tough and difficult to remove from the bone. The green tomato relish was delicious. I tried the yellow squash, vidalia and basil soup which also was very good.  Of the several desserts we tried the bread pudding was my personal favorite--sweet and not overly doughy, with large fresh berries and ice cream.Sensational!!!! Rich, authentic fllavors in everything we had.  Mussels and fries about the best I've ever had. Duck confit salad perfectly done.  All the fish preparations marvelously cooked, never dry.
Great staff, really causual but profession, and a top notch, inventive wine list. On my top 3 in NEw Orleans! Don't miss itSpent the evening with Dustin, and were pleasantly impressed with the service.  There are some real gems on the wine list and even a modest wine BTG menu.  Patois was recommended by a friend who had been a few weeks earlier while a business trip to NO.  We had 5 appetizers 2-Superb Stuffed Squash blossoms (vegetarian and out of this world) and  Hot-House Tomato salad with hearts of palm, apples, and Manchengo; 2 great, Softshell crab and Braised Pork Belly and an average, Gumbo.  Great presentation and composition of flavors.  Staff accommodating and attentive.I had the fish special which was perfectly prepared. Great cozy atmosphere and service. I'll be back to this place.
I think I liked it more than Clancy's.Yummy. Moules Frites is awesome and it's done a pretty fascinating way which was a great surprise for me to find out... smoked tomatoes! Yes you must order this dish for a very different version of the french tradition. Great cocktail list - I had a gin sort of pimm's cup and it was quite tasty. I wish I lived around the corner from this place! Also...pretty hopping for a neighborhood joint! The two brothers that own the place are carrying on their father's tradition in restaurants - and they are hot looking eye candy during dinner if you ask me!Marvelous dinner! Very unique blend of local styles with a French flare. For the appetizer we had the pork belly and scallop accompanied with shrimp and grits. Winner Scallops! For our entrees we had the pheasant and the grilled fish, edge to the pheasant but we were drinking a Pinot which I think gave it to the bird over the fish! Skipped dessert till later. Staff was welcoming and fun. *Note Patoise was the setting for Janette Desautel (Kim Dickens)restaurant Desautel's in Season 1 of Treme.Holly Molly, this place is excellent! The Cuban breakfast sandwich is a must! Cheese in the inside and outside, and yummy meats. The veggie breakfast burrito was also great. Yummy coffee. Yummy juice.
The gumbo, though, was just ok.We are visiting from Chicago and found this as a recommendation in the Lonely Planet guide. The service was awesome even though we arrived near kitchen close (woops) we were never rushed. We ordered the charcuterie plate and the lamb ribs topped with green tomatoes to start which were both incredible. We then had the fried oyster salad with charred romain and caesar dressing which was unreal and very unique. We also tried the seasonal gumbo with polenta which was pretty good, but the oyster salad was definitely the favorite.My favorite place in New Orleans, and one of the best restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining in overall.  Great service, fabulous duck confit, rabbit, drinks, atmosphere and so forth.  Three of us closed the place, and were treated to a list of hotspots from the chef/owners, one of whom stopped us on the street four days later to check in.  Patois made the trip...
Thank you!We had a first at this restaurant, but it wasn't a good first.  After a relatively nice meal and good wine and ok service, we were told we needed to leave because there were other people waiting for the table.  I can see rushing people out when it's a diner, but when you're spending $200+ on a meal,  I think you can have a second cup of coffee while waiting for the bill.  It kind of ruined the experience.  We got to the restaurant promptly for our reservation, but had to wait for our wine.  The roasted beet salad was delicious, the gnocchi somewhat overrated, the fish of the day bland, and the bread pudding and snickers dessert not worth the calories, but the coffee was good and the ambience of the restaurant fun and upbeat.Excpetional dishes artistically presented.  Sauces are less creamy and lighter, as is typical of most Updown restaurants.  Some dishes are creative, especially the use of fruits.  Both meat and seafood dishes prepared to perfection.The atmosphere is a bistro, on the casual side of dressy, with a mainly local clientele.  Staff is welcoming, attentive, and knowledgeable without being fussy or hovering.  This is our go-to place for out-of-town guests.  Off the beaten tourist path, but walking distance to the zoo and river parks.  This should be at the top of your list if visiting Loyola or Tulane Universities and are looking for a nearby place for cocktails and dinner.This place is outstanding! From the bread bowl to the well crafted cocktails. My friends and I came here for a nice Sunday brunch. I started with the Black & Ginger cocktail which is cathead vodka perfectly muddled and blended with ginger beer and blueberries. It was excellent. My sister had the Vieux Carre, which was a little strong for my liking, but still good.
The banana nut bread could have been a little more flavorful but it is served with an excellent fruit topping.
I had the classic breakfast with over easy eggs, bacon, grits, and wheat toast. It was great, the bacon was the perfect crisp. The eggs where a little greasy, however.
A friend had the Chicken Mole, although small, tasted great. My sister had the Shrimp Salad, which was also small but looked yummy. She ordered the Bacon Grased Greens as a side, they were excellent.
The service is great here. There are numerous people taking care of all tables at once. It's quick and efficient. Your water is always full.
I used to live in Nola and had never tried this place before (why?!). I would highly recommend Patois for anyone looking for a very pleasant brunch spot! It's quaint and clean and the food and service are unloveable.I used to LOVE this place. went last night for my birthday and was SO disappointed. service and atmosphere has changed drastically, and quality of food had even gone down a bit. When your server doesn't do the basics of introducing themselves, offering wine or cocktail lists, or refilling your wine when you purchase a bottle, you just find yourself being less impressed with the overall experience. The menu offerings were also a little underwhelming compared to previous visits. Sad to say this place used to be my favorite but I won't be returning.Place came highly recommended, but the food was below average. Gumbo was pretty bad. Service and atmosphere was great, but the food, I don't know. Maybe it was an off night...New Orleans has a lot of big name restaurants but some of the great dining experiences are to be found at smaller establishments in the neighborhoods. This is one of them.
We started off with charred octopus and a charcuterie plate. The octopus was tender and tasty served on a bed of quiona. The charcuterie had a tasty head cheese, rillettes and a boudin. Home made and delicious.
For an entree I had the ham crusted scallops. Not bad but not out of the ordinary.
Service was great , a casual atmosphere. I'd recommend it.Just recently got back from Nola. We dined at patois on our second night there. I heard a lot of great reviews but unfortunately it didn't meet my expectations. My friend and I both got the fish which was dry and somewhat flavorless. The best dish on the menu was the flat iron steak. The restaurant it's self is small and very cute. The waiters weren't  very friendly either.Loved it. It's a small space, but cute and cozy. Went with a few friends before attending a friend's debutante presentation. 
Started with the crispy pork belly and the seared scallop and had the almond crusted gulf fish as my entrée. I was surprised as to how big the portions were. I even had left overs! Service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and warm.I live in the neighborhood, and have been here a number of times, usually for brunch.  I find the service generally lacking, and sometimes downright bad/nonexistant after ordering.
If I'm spending above average money for albeit generally good food, I don't want it ruined by bad service.  In the past, I have had them fail to place an appetizer order and have issues in general with my order (i.e., not cooking food properly--burger came out medium well two times in a row when medium rare was requested) not to mention the waiter pretty much abandoning the table aside from taking my order and bringing my food, or worse, being snarky and a bit pretentious.
Today was no exception, and was the final straw.  I ordered the rabbit dish (fried rabbit over biscuit with a poached egg and sausage gravy).  I specifically requested that the egg be "hard-poached, not at all runny."  Of course, it came out runny, and the server immediately offered to take care of it.  I told her she could just bring me a new egg and I'd eat the rest of my meal, as it appeared fine.  She insisted on bringing me a fresh order, so I relented.  In the literally 15 minutes (minimum) it took to get a new order, my husband  finished his meal, I ate his leftovers, and we still had time to wait fro my food.
The dish came back, the same rabbit on it (I had taken one bite while waiting for the waitress to stop back by with my husband's refill so I could tell her it was wrong, as I was planning to eat it while waiting for a new egg on the side), and the egg was properly cooked, but she told me it took so long because it took 3 tries to get the egg cooked properly!  
I'm sorry, but if you're going to be cook/chef at a nice restaurant serving brunch, you'd be able to poach an egg any which way, and I can't imagine mine was the first request of this kind.  .
There was no attempt to "make it up" to me, nothing else was said or done about it, and nothing else was offered, quite disappointing.  Add to this that our waiter LITERALLY never returned after taking our order (the person who brought our food followed up until the end), and I have eaten my last meal here.  It's just not worth my time and money for hit or miss service, and a lack of attention to detail when it comes to my food.
Also, I forgot, my husband's soup was warm at best.  Luckily he hates his food piping hot, but said had he been most people, he would have been disappointed.  For him to even mention it, I'm guessing it was lukewarm, and not just a little less than hot.  It's soup people, it comes out of a hot pot.  So clearly, the server let it sit for a while before bothering to bring it out.  That would not be a reason to get up in arms by itself, but it's just another example.
 Guess I'll have to find a new brunch place, because it certainly will not be Patois for me again.Wow. I've driven past Patois a million times and dismissed it as every other standard fancy restaurant in NOLA, but boy was I wrong. Inside, the restaurant is quite intimate, with a beautiful bar and not too many tables separated onto two floors. Warm cornbread is served at the table and a real treat. The soup special, a vegan butternut squash, was perfect. But the dish that knocked me off my feet was the Grilled Marinated Eggplant with crispy haloumi cheese and za'atar on a tahini sweet potato purée. Holy cow this dish was good!! I recently came back from Israel and one taste instantly took me back to the smoky flavors of the Middle East. This dish is truly a game changer and I hope it never comes off the menu. It is not often that NOLA restaurants have such a wonderful and unique vegetarian option. The other diners in my party had the gulf fish almondine, and licked their plates. Although we were stuffed, we had to make room for the "Snickers" a chocolate-y concoction that elevates the tastes of a Snickers bar. I will be back!There may be much to be said about nawlins', but that certainly includes being one of the best "foodie" spots in the country. I've enjoy several great meals there, and Patois was no exception. Excellent food, and great service. The noise level from guest was on the high side for a moderately expensive restaurant, but the food was outstanding. I would love to eat there again, and again, and again!We had; Gnocci, Charcuterie, lamb ribs, frog legs and chanterelle pasta.
Dessert was lemon curd and pound cake with berries.
Gnocci were soft and light, in a delicious mushroom and short rib sauce.
Charcuterie plate was spot on, head cheese, rillette and boudin. Served with house made pickles. 
Lamb ribs could be better. I believe they just rub them and bake them. They had good bark, but the meat had gotten quite dry and stringy. I recommend steaming the ribs the day ahead, chilling, rubbing, then cooking off the bark to order.
Frog legs were in a delicious Vietnamese broth. I don't know what the flavors were, but it was delicious.
Chanterlle pasta was a hit as well. Hand made pasta and mushroom creme sauce, how can you go wrong.
Lemon curd tart was great, nice tart filling.
Pound cake with berries and ice cream is an easy win.
Waitress was good. Water glass did run empty a few times though.
I'll be backThis place is utterly amazing. Definitely worth the drive out of the quarter for a unique brunch experience. Sat at the bar and had a sexy bartender. Heather is also amazing. Duck Confiet is out of this world.This was one of my best meals in NOLA. Wile I would skip the lamb ribs, you cannot pass up the pulled pork and biscuits with the BEST collard greens I think I've ever had. I will dream of those green forever! It's a must go to in NOLAGREAT, funky Uptown residential spot.
Founded 2007. French Bistro.   Open Weds-Sat. 5:30-10:30pm.  Brunch Sundays.  Good brunch - liked the rabbit.  Gridades and grits also good.  Great rolls, coffee.  Mussells and fries (!) appetitizer was great and HUGE.  Nice ambiance, patio. Been several times.Exceptional restaurant. Triple tail was the special that was beyond delicious. Great service and wine list. Will return.This Patois isn't Common at All
Patois means the dialect of the common people of a region.  There is nothing common about this Patois.
Here they've taken some regional favorites from all over, given them a continental refinement and spiced them with a New Orleans edge.  The result is delicious.
We tried a couple of the house cocktails.  Especially good was the Juliet y Romeo.  The wine list is thorough and changing.  So it is nice that they will give you a taste before committing.
For an appetizer we had the sizzling octopus.  We usually get octopus grilled, but this wonderful, served in a crazy-hot iron skillet with lots of tomatoes and peppers.
For a salad we had the crispy duck confit.  The pickled peach vinaigrette dressing was fabulous and the duck leg was crispy so that the fatty parts were gone.
For a soup we had the gumbo.  It was super-rich and very tasty.  While it was very good, it didn't quite reach the heights of the other dishes.
For entrees we had the gulf shrimp on chitarra pasta and the pork shop.  Both were outstanding.
Dessert brought lots of fine choices and we ended up with the "Snickers" and the peanut butter cup.  Both were delicious takes on everyday candies.
The service was friendly and charming and comfortably professional.
I would love this Patois to be my every day diet.  But then I couldn't look forward to a special meal like this.This is probably more of a 3.5 review.  The service was warm and friendly and the atmosphere is cosy and comfortable, if loud.  But the food was totally uneven.  Some of the dishes were amazing but my shrimp and crab pasta was dry and just kind of sad looking.  My husband's crab dip appetizer was also sort of bland and tasteless and our cocktails were unbalanced and hard to drink.  Two of the fish entrees also had to be sent back because they came out cold and raw in the middle.  I really wanted to love this place but for the price, I expect a lot more consistency in the food.I have only been here for brunch, never dinner, but I can't wait to come again. Brunch at Patois is an exercise in whatever is the opposite of restraint. Two of us ordered one started to share and one entree each. All that was preceded by strong, thick coffee and a bowl of so many different delicious muffins and breads that we had to split and taste every single one. We were hardly hungry by then, but the appetizer of what was essentially fried yuca poutine was too good to resist and we finished it off. Our entrees were a fried chicken biscuit and huevos rancheros, each of which we managed to take about two bites of before we packed them up to take home. The only thing I can say is that next time I'll know to order less, which only means it's a surprisingly good value to boot.Got reservations last Saturday and had another great meal..in the top 10 in my long life.  Food, staff and service are the best.  Food is flavorful, fun and portions are huge...something you don't expect at a restaurant of this level.  Better than the well know places uptown or in the quarter.  Hands down a must eat placeWe went out for a special occasion. We were able to be seated prior to our reservation time without hesitation. The explanation of the appetizers and options was detailed and accurate. The service was as expected observant and attentive.
Service between the appetizers and entrées was perfect and not rushed. When it came time for Desert the description and the fact that they were made in house made them even more enjoyable.
The overall atmosphere was inviting and energetic but not overwhelming.
Both the appetizers and entrées were as described and seasoned perfectly.
Very high recommendation.This restaurant is literally across the street from my house, and so I've been there a few times. The people that run it are super nice, and all of the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable. 
The atmosphere is cozy but with a good energetic vibe that's not too crazy. They're open for Friday lunch and Sunday brunch, both of which I highly recommend.  The dinner menu is awesome too.
They take reservations through open table. If the weather's nice you should request the outside table. That way you can look at my house, and if I come out wave to me!I don't know if it was the 75 degree weather in February or being surrounded by the lush gardens and general fantastic-ness that is non-Bourbon Street New Orleans.  
The food was wonderful.  We started with the potato gnocchi and we literally wiped the plate clean.  I'm not one of those people that uses the word literally to mean figuratively.  We wiped the motherf'n plate clean. (Am I allowed to swear on Yelp?)  I had the burger, cooked to perfection, atop great, buttery brioche. One of my friends is vegetarian and while Patois doesn't have a lot of veg friendly options on the menu, they came back with a plate of wonderful veggie options that made the meat eaters at the table a little jealous
Laura, our wonderful waitress, took excellent care of us.  Her cocktails suggestions were spot on, and she could tell that we really did need that second bottle of bubbly, Despite the fact that we were the only table left in the place and they had locked the doors until dinner, Laura let us sit and lounge with our drinks and dessert to our hearts' content. 
It was a lovely experience in a lovely restaurant.Good, small neighborhood eatery.  Can be crowded, no parking.  Eclectic, varied, changing menu; frequently runs-out of favorite menu items. Casual dress & attitudes.  Surely worth a trip "UpTown", especially for tourists seeking real local fare.  Come early !Thanks to Restaurant Patois for making our last meal in New Orleans one of our best. My wife and I were heading back home after a 4 day tidal wave of epicurean adventure and these guys really knocked it out of the park. We called ahead and made reservations for Easter Brunch and they were very accommodating. The laid back atmosphere combined with the attentive service and incredible food were just top notch. I believe Adam was our server and he was very friendly and knowledgeable. The food...Perfect from beginning to end. My wife's Bloody Mary might have been the best we have ever tried (I wanted a side course of the pickled veggies) and the Mimosa was fresh and vibrant. I had the Pulled Pork biscuit with greens and it was out of sight. Nice spice and mixture of textures. Everything came together perfectly. My wife has the "Easter Chicken" rabbit with biscuit and was equally impressed.. We ate at a lot of classic NOLA restaurants (CP, Emeril's, Brennan's etc) on this trip and these guys stood out. I can't wait to come back here for dinner on a future trip.Be on the lookout as you drive by this restaurant - if you drive too fast you could easily pass it. Situated in a residential area of Laurel St. in Uptown New Orleans, Patois is a hidden gem not to be missed. The atmosphere is a mix of rustic and classic. The walls are an off white antique cream shade, contrasted with dark stained wooden chairs and bright clean white tablecloths. It's an intimate feel with a small arrangement of tables on the main floor and another small seating area just up a few stairs. 
I started off dinner with a cocktail from their menu - the "Blue Moon". Not to be confused with the Belgian beer, this cocktail was a mix of rum, blueberry and sparkling wine (with a bit of lime and mint). It was a nice refreshing drink, not overly strong and well accompanied with blueberries. As we ordered our meal some fresh made bread and butter arrived at our table. These were delicious flaky rolls, reminiscent of a crescent roll, and topped with just the right amount of salt. For appetizer we got one of the daily specials; it was a smoked Redfish dip, served with toasted bread, sesame chips, pickled peppers and a honey dijon. The smoked Redfish dip was the highlight of the meal for me. It was the best preparation of Redfish I've had, smoked right outside and seasoned perfectly. The honey dijon sauce was also not to be overlooked. 
For dinner I ordered the Gulf Fish Almondine - the fish of the day being a Drum fillet. It was lightly battered and the Citrus Meuniére Sauce added just enough flavor. It came with the perfect amount of toasted almonds to compliment each bite. The entree was well portioned and just enough food to be eaten after an appetizer or followed by dessert (or both if you're hungry). 
Dinner flowed well between drinks, appetizers and entrees. Wait staff were attentive and our water glasses were always topped off throughout the meal. My one caveat was that cocktails did take a little while to prepare, but they were all very good and worth the wait. Overall this restaurant was one of my favorites in the city. It's authentic with a local feel and the food was memorable.We have dined at Patois multiple times. The food is always delicious, atmosphere is quaint, server always knows his/her wine. We typically start with the potato gnocchi and my latest entree was the gulf fish almondine, which was divine. Can't go wrong with this one.Got off to a shaky start...my girlfriends & I had reservations for my birthday, as we were trying to inform hostess they kept talking over our heads to a regular, possibly someone with a behind that they're used to smooching...so we had to wait, then we tried to get a drink at the bar, bartender was a little overwhelmed, tossed us the wine menu & finally came back to us just as hostess was coming to get us for our table- too bad bartender!!
Of course, I was now officially annoyed, but finally we were going to get to eat.  This is where the magic took over...
Loved our waiter!  He was attentive, informative & friendly.  We each got different appetizers, delicious enough that they had to be passed around the table.  Corn souffle, jumbo crab salad, so yummy!
Entrees: their signature pheasant- awesome!  Scallops, kind of a small portion but very delicious.  Grilled fish with potatoes- amazing!
The restaurant is so charming, I'm so glad that the actual dining experience was so lovely after our poor treatment at first.  Hostess, get it together! We might not be your fancy Uptown regular, but we know great food & we are willing to pay!The last of a series of great meals on our trip to NOLA.  The crispy quail appetizer was amazing. A must stop...Fantastic meal, great atmosphere and impeccable service. My new favorite restaurant. Do yourself a favor and take the short cab ride from the Quarter and discover this wonderful place.I've been very pleased the handful of times I've been to Patois. The first time was for dinner. I ordered the duck confit salad and a fish entree. The salad was delicious and is what sticks in my memory, as was the fish. The two older women I was dining with had a difficult time with the wine and couldn't find a satisfactory white, but our waiter was patient and tried to be accommodating.  I had an overall very positive experience. 
I went for Sunday brunch the second time. We sat at the bar and drank mimosas while we waited for our table. They were excellent, made with fresh squeezed OJ. I ordered the gnocchi appetizer, as recommended, and can still feel my mouth watering. The mushrooms and edamame added the perfect amount of flavor and texture to the creaminess of the dish, which was only heightened by the addition of succulent crabmeat. It had an innovative feel and rich complex taste that makes it one of those dishes I won't easily forget. 
For my entree I took a leap of faith and ordered the pork belly sandwich, something I never had before. Perhaps I didn't read the menu thoroughly enough, but what came out was very different from what I expected. Every part of it was fried. The two slices of bread were fried, and between the fried green tomato, fried egg, and juicy cut of pork, I could already feel my body preparing for a heart attack. If you enjoy fried foods, then I imagine this sandwich would've transported you to heaven in a heartbeat. But for me, I was overwhelmed and could only stomach a bite.Delightful brunch, mimosas and Manhattans, hog's head grits, gumbo, ceviche, and gulf shrimp salad. Everything fresh and local and beautifully prepared. Lovely service in a charming old Garden District house. Very different from the normal tourist experience. Highly recommend getting out of the French quarter (take the St Charles St streetcar) and visiting this local gem.Outstanding brunch spot, and excellent dinner spot!  Food preparation and presentation among the best in New Orleans.  IN a quiet neighborhood close to Audubon Park, but well outside the tourist mayhem of the French Quarter.   Service is consistently attentive and helpful.  One of my wife and I's goto restaurants for dinner with friends and special occasions.  Recommend a taxi unless you plan to walk a ways off the streetcar line.  It looks like they can handle groups of less than a dozen.  The building looks like it has been built to be a small restaurant.  I also believe this plan was used as a movie set in the TV series "Treme", though they do not make anything of it.  IF you are looking for movie stars and paparazzi, then look elsewhere.  This is Uptown New Orleans, laid-bcc, classy dining, and I highly recommend it!Great restaurant.  All the way around one of my faves in New Orleans.  Great service, great food, great people...I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a nice dinner.  They have an extensive menu for all tastes and a good wine and cocktail menu.  It's also in an old New Orleans shotgun, which adds to the charm.
The hanger steak has to be my favorite, but you gotta try the duck as well.
Pricey, but worth it!Amazing.  Small neighborhood restaurant but super fancy.  Gorgeous setting.  
Started with a martini and they made it really well.  Then got a gnocchi/crab/mushroom appetizer.  It was out of this world.  For the main course I got rabbit wrapped in chicken skin.  Sounds satanic but it was great.  Served over greens with a side of sweet potatoes.  Amazing.  Desert was pretty good but not crazy good like everything else had been.  It was something peanut butter chocolate and icecream.  (my date got the fish but I hate fish because it is difficult to eat around all the bones.  I am just not a fan of fish)
I would have given it 5 stars but I do believe it was over priced.  2 drinks, 1 app, 2 mains, 1 dessert and tip for $150.  It was great but I would have priced it about $20-30 lower. 
(service was average at best)dinner was a bit stuffy.  i guess they were trying to match the price point, but the physical vibe of the place just seemed more relaxed than all that.  didn't appreciate the attempted upsells by the staff, either.  
food was ok.  not great.  and didn't always taste like their description would lead one to believe.  especially the carmelized pain perdu with bacon bourbon ice cream and candied pork belly.  if only that had lived up to it's description, this would be a 4-star review.  but nope - couldn't really taste any of those items amongst what was essentially a coffee-infused pot de creme.  hoity toity is fine.  but flavor still counts.I organized a fancy dinner night and chose Patois based on availability and reviews. I liked the atmosphere and friendly service here. If I lived in the area I would probably make regular visits. 
I had the Duck Gumbo (interesting, but too dark and meaty for my preference).
Entree was the Serrano Ham & Rabbit Roulade. I wanted seafood, but everyone else was getting the seafood dishes so I took one for the team. The dish was quite good. It was my first roulade. But after the meaty gumbo, it was a bit overboard on the meat side. I really liked everyone else's dishes though. My favorite was definitely the scallop entree. Great combo of flavors, cooked perfectly, and beautiful presentation. 
Overall, it was a solid 4 stars for me. It's probably not my very favorite place in the city, but it's definitely worthy of it's reputation and worth a visit if you're looking for a quality meal uptown. I would go back.OUTSTANDING!
I have dined at Patois many times because of the stellar food and the crush I have for the ambience.  A small, sophisticated and very local New Orleans place.
For that reason, I hosted a graduation dinner for 20 at the restaurant and my expectations were exceeded.
Michael and Lorenzo and all the professional yet warm staff went beyond the call to provide a very special evening for all of us.  Even after we caused difficulty due to staggered arrival times for our big party, they managed to accommodate all of us, taking special care of the older guests, and giving attention to my daughter, the guest of honor and her young friends.
Lorenzo created a special cocktail for her, and kept our guests happily imbibed.  Michael was a pleasure to work with, and kept the host (me) from worrying about anything.  He made sure the dinner service ran smoothly and everybody was well taken care of.  The food was out of this world, and the service could not have been improved. Everyone in our party had only wonderful things to say.
My wish was to provide a perfect evening to celebrate my daughter's graduation.  I made the right decision by choosing Patois.
wowBeen trying to go to PATOIS for months but their schedule and mine did not jibe. Finally had brunch there on Sunday with three friends.  We are all local New Orleanians and all I can say is ...WOW.  what a great lunch.  Every plate ordered was creatively conceived and beautifully executed.  
Local flavors with a modern touch.  The LAMB RIB appetizer was succulent ,lean and delicious.   All the portions here are very large.   So the Lamb Rib Appetizer had 7 pieces.  
My friend had the FRIED CHICKEN SALAD, simply amazing.  These people really know how to fry.  All the fried food was perfection.  FRIED RABBIT was even better than the chicken f that is possible.
They served delicious home baked breads with apple butter.   I am not an apple butter woman.
The BREAST OF CHICKEN was served with a unique succotash which was divine.  The chicken perfectly cooked.
On and on.  Service was good food was beyond.
PATOIS is a bit of a hike for me ,way uptown, from the FQ but cannot wait to go back.  This place is a winner, giving many more high profile restaurants a run for their money.The wifey didn't love it but I sort of did!  Yes it was very far from the hotel but that's not their fault.
The restaurant is in the middle of a residential neighborhood. It really seems to be in the middle of nowhere.  I loved the look of this place.  It seemed like we were dining in someone's house.  Very nice and relaxing look! 
We ordered a bottle of 2008 Chateau Fonbadet as there were no Napa Cabs on the menu.  I enjoyed the wine very much.  A party of 6, we began with a cheese plate which, in the words of the cheese goddess (the wife), it was "spectacular."
I had the fettuccine which I really liked.  I know the wife didn't care for it.  Overall everyone sort of had a different opinion on what they had. Some loved it.  Some didn't.
I though the service was great and the food I had was solid.
I just think I fell in love with the experience.  The look of the place, the service, just being there.The atmosphere and the food was great, the service was "meh", our server was an African American lady and she didn't smile once, she seemed like she did not want to be there on a Sunday.Overrated, very loud restaurant with mediocre fare. The younger, trendy clientele are more concerned with looking at one another than appreciating good food.Good food. Good people. Patois is one of my new favorite places and will be a must-visit during all future trips to NOLA. What a dining experience!
Friends and I were in town early this month to celebrate my birthday. We showed up at Patois on Saturday for brunch only to learn that they were closed and that their brunch is on Sunday, not Saturday. We were pretty let down because we'd heard such great things about the place from a friend who lives in the neighborhood. While loitering outside and rethinking our brunch plans, Aaron, Patois' owner, came to the door and asked if he could help. Long story short, he books us a spot at an equally good restaurant (Le Petit Grocery) and calls a cab to take us there. What he didn't know was it was my birthday.
We returned later that evening for dinner, even though we weren't hungry after our late lunch at Le Petit Grocery, and I'm so glad we did. The wait staff was super friendly and helpful in making food and drink selections. We sampled a number of plates and cocktails (all delicious). The Pickled Patois is quite possibly the best cocktail I've ever tasted. My friends ditto that statement. Drink up! You can't go wrong with Patois. No question, I'll be back in September.