*this review is based on my experience ordering through Postmates*
My jumbo lump crabcake arrived soggy, shaken up (probably because it was a bike delivery) and in a burnt container. It was a nice size, but it wasn't shaped like a crabcake and the consistency was on the mushy side. It was too salty to finish which is unfortunate because the price is on the higher side. Hopefully this is due to them using fresh crab, which would explain the pieces of crab shell I had to remove from my mouth several times. The 'Asya sweet and tangy sauce' tastes suspiciously like bottled sweet chili sauce. Tasty, but not signature.Pee Wee is a really nice guy but I didn't care for his crab balls. I thought they were mushy, the sauce too sweet and otherwise lacking in flavorThis place is bomb!!!! Seriously. It's a little hard to find. But it is a must visit. The owner Charles "Peewee" was out talking with guests. Loved hearing his story. Very nice guy. We devoured the crab balls and stuffed crab!A friend recommended this place to me..... I'm loving the vibe and the food is awesome...Blake the bartender on Friday is super nice, I would say awesome but I've already used that word once....:-)... If you are looking for a place to eat great food have good drinks and just chill CBD is the spot..... It's a hidden gem....and the best part is it's located in the CBD (hence the name)...Ohhh emmm geeee!! This is the best crab cake stuffed baked potato I have ever eaten! This is now my go to pregnancy craving  and I've been so picky lately! As soon as I saw the picture I had to have it and was praying that it wasn't dry! It was everything I wanted and more! I should have taken a picture but I was just too excited and had to eat it ASAP!Crabcakes are not their specialty.  Everything else is.
I toughed it through my order of crabcakes because I was hungry but the yakamein was AMAZING!  I was so confused but my hunger was gone.  I'm going to try them again because the goodness of the yakamein gave me hope but this first batch of crabcakes was trash.Service is little to none and when you do get it- it's minimal. Ran out of food. The food was good but everything else is HORRIBLE. I root for BOB but this has to get better.Gotta get some more of those stuffed crabs. I've been thinking about them all week  love me some peeweesA cute hole in the wall spot with amazing food... the crabcakes are to die for.. the who dat sauce is worth the $2 charge for extra...This is my new favorite seafood restaurant. The food here is Amazing! Seafood cooked in a different way. The stuffed lobster was my favorite.I was driving through and saw the charming little red building and decided to stop on a whim and I am glad I did. I had the crab cake for 11$. This crab cake was the largest one I have ever seen, definitely not a peewee size. The crab cake had a sauce on it which was like a sweet and sour sauce. It went  surprising very well with the crab cake. The crab cake was a bit salty, but beyond that the flavor  was impeccable. More of a takeout place. Given the size it filled up both myself and my girlfriend with a couple bites still leftover. I will definitely stop in again.Let me start by saying, Peewee is a Great and friendly Chef, and a seafood restaurant is needed in that area ; the taste of the food is good, but the portion for the price is way off, and the atmosphere for the price if also off, to help this business become a great one he has to come down drastically on some of those over charged prices. Me and my boyfriend gave him two stars, and we know this is just the beginning for him, so we look forward to try again with a better price on the menu. Congrats and we wish Peewees great success in the future.My first time ordering and I loved it. There's a lot of great restaurants in NOLA but quite frankly some of the most popular ones really don't season their food much. I knoooooow I know....they say NOLA is a foodie town with some of the best restaurants in the country but I think after living here so long you get used to what the out of towners think is AMAZING and it just becomes "eh.....it was edible and better than Stouffers". Lol 
Well I had Stuffed Chicken, Parm Mash and Broccoli and PeeWee's did not disappoint. I got alllll my seasoning! So tasty! Oh and they didn't forget to show some love to that broccoli! I had nude sides. I have second hand embarrassment for them but this broccoli wasn't overcooked, just right. The potatoes were REAL with REAL BUTTER! Omg! I'm really not much into crab (I swear I really am from NOLA) lol but the crab cake did taste good. Nah these weren't lump crab cakes but I was satisfied with it! (I'll leave you seafood lovers to judge those. I know my lane) and this chicken was delicious! The sauce is something quite special. The real bacon and fresh spinach added a lovely esthetic and definitely upped the ante on the taste. Overall, I was VERY pleased with my food and the very affordable price. I've had food that wasn't nearly as delicious for 5 times the price. So go! Enjoy! Or order in!Takeout only spot. I tried the seafood pasta with fried fish and baked fish. The seafood pasta was very good. The sauce they use is delicious. The shrimp I had that had somehow avoided the sauce was not seasoned. So they apparently only season the sauce. The fried fish wasn't very good. The baked fish was ok. Overall I'd get the pasta again but forego the rest. I did not try a crab cake because I generally don't like crab cakes. It's their bread and butter so they're probably phenomenal. Yall go try them and let me knowWow! Awesome crab cake. The Asian sauce was interesting but still delicious. Next time I'll have it on the side. Crab cake was crispy on outside and hot but softer on the inside. Not doughy but good. Wish the "lump" crab on top was bigger/thicker or it came with lemon butter sauce!These crab cakes are SOOOOO GOOD. I wasn't crazy about the original location and I am really glad that they moved. Trust me, these crab cakes are deliciousI decided to give Peewees a try after reading rave reviews and seeing from pictures and posts how great the food looks. I will say, I was not overly impressed. It was decent food. The menu is overwhelming...a bit too much actually. Service was extremely slow. I will support again because I believe in supporting my local businesses. I hope by the time I return, service is better. Everyone has an off day from time to time.Overall the food is good, rich and tasty. Now I go back to the name peewee's crabcakes and I guest crabcakes to me is lump crabmeat but when it's 90% braiding and you use claw crab meat then I'm not sure we can call it a crabcake... Must use lump or jumbo lump crab meat people. I'd rather pay and get lump. I got my husband with a fish plate and he absolutely loved it he cleaned the plate. I had a stuffed bell pepper plate it was very good and rich. The pasta lacked seasoning salt. I would go back to taste other items.
Added note: all of the crab cakes were refried and not fresh and full of grease.I was on MLK BLVD and decided to stop by! I tried the crab cakes and lobster balls!! Both excellent choices. I heard everything on the menu was good. The service was quick. It's a pickup window. You can't really sit and eat but they do give you numbers and call you while seated!!
Yall support this business...This is 5 star food, in a hidden gem. This is some of the best seafood dishes i have tasted in the U.S. everything on the menu is goodThe food was excellent!!!  The best gumbo I had here in New Orleans. We also had crab cakes, seafood "who dat" pasta, catfish and a po boy. We ate everything!!!  No left overs!  Definitely going back.The Crabcakes were pretty good. I wasn't in the mood for a whole meal, I mainly just wanted to taste the Crabcakes. I ordered two. They came on a bed of spinach with a sauce on top that tasted kind of sweet. The Crabcakes had plenty of crabmeat inside. It was a decent size for the price. One can assume most their food is good given the crowd of people that were inside & outside waiting. I like the fact you can wait in your car & they text you when it's ready. The service was good as well, the lady greeted me & thanked me. I'll return for another soon.I ordered from here using Uber Eats and everything arrived fresh and hot. I ordered the seafood pasta and fried catfish entree. It also come with a crabcake as part of the dish. And I added the bbq shrimp toast as an appetizer. I wasn't as big a fan of the bbq shrimp but I think that's personal preference - I like a lot more worcestshire sauce in my bbq shrimp and this was more peppery.  The entree was delicious. I'm in love with the crabcake. The crabcake was super moist with a crunchy outside. The pasta was rich and creamy and there was flavor bursting throughout the entire dish. I will definitely be eating here again.They fail to deliver on service. They take orders and cancel at last minute with out any type of customer notification. It's sad for a new business to already start failing on service and sadly I'm not the only person. If they close earlier, then listed hours need to change otherwise you are misleading potential customers and I was a return customer that will not return.Really had high hopes, very disappointed. Ordered crab and shrimp boil pan and stuffed lobster and crab cakes pan. The shrimp were mushy and the lobster was tough, hard with no taste. The deviled eggs were good and the service excellent.Peewee's is a small spot, with to-go food, but it has a lot to offer. I had heard this was the spot to get good, home-cooked food, so I had to see for myself.
After hearing all the raves, I was excited to step up to the window and place my order. This is a true take-out spot: there's an order window and a few chairs for your wait. I ordered the stuffed catfish, which is fish stuffed with crabmeat, crawfish and shrimp. On Armstrong's suggestion, I got the seafood rice as my side. Of course, one of Peewee's famous crab cakes was included.
The first thing I tried was the seafood rice, which was delicious! It had shrimp and other seasonings throughout and it was spiced well. I really could have eaten an entire plate of just rice. The catfish was mouth-watering and topped with a creamy thick sauce, with a bit of spice, that was teeming with crawfish. The dish that was rich, but not overpowering. The crab cake was incredibly good. Armstrong wasn't lying when he said that he packs them with 98% crab meat -- it was hearty and almost a meal within itself. I've paid way more for crab cakes that have had way less crab and Peewee's version is the best I've had.
The owner is planning to add a patio, so that you can stay and eat, so I'm going to visit again soon.
*Portions of this review was originally written, by me, for Very Local New Orleans. Read the full story here: https://nola.verylocal.com/dont-let-the-takeout-window-fool-you-peewees-crab-cakes-are-worth-the-wait/120167/Food is A1, best crab cakes I have ever tasted. I would recommend the seafood potato, seafood stuff bell pepper with two sides which included the seafood Mac and cheese and potato salad. The Mac and cheese was a little spicy but really good. Also the stuff crabs came with a seafood rice which was delicious it had a hint of lemon taste to it. By far me and my wife was VERY IMPRESSED. The staff was professional and the establishment was nice and clean. My wife dinner was missing a crab cake that came with her meal but she had no complaints...---Ordered via Uber Eats----
I got the steak cooked medium, grilled asparagus, and jambalaya rice. The steak was well done, dry even with the sauce on it. The sauce was similar to duck sauce. The grilled asparagus was good that is why it received a one star. The rice tasted like it came out of a box. The threw in a crab cake. The crust was nice the filling was bland disappointing since it's in the restaurant name. There was also a strange piece of cloth or paper in between the steak and the foil it was sitting on. I wouldn't recommend and I will not be back.The stuffed fish was excellent! It was stuffed with shrimp and crawfish. We also enjoyed the seafood rice. It may have been cooked in coconut milk. Very interesting combination of flavors.Ordered the call balls and pasta. Crab balls were delicious! Pasta was pretty bland. I would definitely try them again!My God this is one the best seafood restaurants I have been to in a while. They fry everything up perfectly and they smother everything in a rich creamy sauce like Cajuns do out in the South West La. I ordered through the Waitr app, the fried shrimp and fish plate. It comes with a copious amount of shrimp and 3 or 4 pieces of fried fish, a rich and creamy mac n cheese sprinkled with parsley and a side of a potatoe salad with a hint of spice - maybe cayenne. Everything was so very good, I could not stop eating it. Like I said, the amount of food was not skimpy and the flavors were rich. I also ordered a baked potato and guess what the topping was? A fried fish fillet!! And I am talking about a big fillet, again, not skimpy on the amount of food here. In addition, that baked potato was smothered in a crawfish, creamy sauce that I could not finish it all! I love the style of this place - rich, thick, heavy and good! 
I did order the bbq shrimp and I did not love this as much as the other stuff. It was a hennesy sauce that was more like a real bbq sauce than a shrimp bbq sauce which I think is why I did not enjoy it as much. 
But overall this is one my new favorite seafood restaurants in the city and am very glad they deliver. 
You have to order their food now!I waited 1 hour and 30 minutes for takeout . A lot of confusion with the staff and orders were incorrect . The food is good , but the customer service is horrible .First time at PeeWees
Sorry it took so long. Who Dat pasta was on point. Seafood plentiful and pasta tender. Everything well seasoned. Also had the signature Crabcakes plate, tasty,  cooked and seasoned well. Will be back.
Work on the asparagus, well grilled, cut the base.Order ahead for pickup if you can, otherwise you'll most likely be waiting a while. I got the stuffed seafood potato which was the Friday special ($12 on Fridays) It's topped with shrimp, crawfish, fried fish and a crab cake - I was glad because I did want to try the crab cake, but I didn't like the texture, it's much softer than I'm used to. Also the fish is a bit salty, but overall it's pretty good. You have to wear a mask to enter and they don't want more than five people inside at a time, so they'll text and call you when your order is ready. Use ubereats or door dash for pickup to save yourself some time. It took about 20 minutes for my potato. I'd return because there are a few other items on the menu that I want to try.I ordered the seafood potato. It's a baked potato topped with crab cake, catfish, and crawfish. The potato is huge! I couldn't eat all of it for lunch so I ate the rest for dinner. Considering that it is $14 I definitely think it's a great value. I wanna try other menu offerings however I love this potato!Really good food. I discovered them bc they took the place of my favorite (also black owned) donut spot in the city. One of the seafood disaster pans can easily feed 4 people. I mean it's seafood but it counts as soul food. Just can't have it to often bc it is oil laden.Food is amazing and you get a lot of food. The deviled eggs were amazing. I highly recommend you visit them but be sure to call aheadOrdered snow crabs extravaganza via Uber Eats and received dungeness  crabs. They didn't have much sauce on them to add any flavor.
Crab cakes were soggy and pasta lacked flavor. I was super excited to try this restaurant as I heard so many great things but it was just ok.I just finishing eating from the Gentilly location. I loved, loved, loved the food and service. Those crab cakes are THE bomb! Loved how chef greeting the people coming in to show appreciation. It was my pleasure and I'll be back SOON lol...,So glad that I found this local restaurant. They have reasonable prices and a variety to choose from. I would highly suggest trying this place out and definitely order ahead. The only thing I do have a problem with is their health score. Having a health score of 60 out of 100 is concerning.We visited the Peewees in Gentilly. This visits was a while back. So I can't remember the exact names of these dishes. We ordered the "pans" which included the signature crab cakes, fried fish, fried shrimp, French fries, seafood pasta with cream sauce, and steamed vegetables. The wait was loooooooong! We tried to order in advance, but they weren't answering the phone so we had to place our order at the restaurant.  The food is good, but a little pricey in my opinion for it to be so casual, and you can't dine in. These two pans of food was nearly $80! I was happy to support this business... I may return, but only if I'm purchasing for myself and not feeding the family.Hm, I wanted to like this place. I truly did! I love supporting new businesses! 
However, I'm forced to rate it only 3 stars for the very item it is centered upon: crabcakes. I know it's just my taste buds, but the crabcakes were way too mushy, loose, and mayo-tasting for my liking. I prefer a dryer (not 100% dry) crab cake that's simple: real crabmeat, seasoning, and a DAB of something for moisture. These were "wet tasting," which made the experience extremely strange. 
The steak wrap and service were great. It's a small place where you basically grab your food to go. 
The shrimp were pretty good but rather small. The fried fish and potato salad were okay. 
I'm just really disappointed in their signature item. I hope they continue to do well though!This has been one of my favorite places in the city to get this one of a kind seafood potato, however the service has seriously gone to hell. I understand that we're in a pandemic crisis right now but this establishment should take advantage of the opportunity to have the blessing of being open. To say they're only taking take out orders only no one is answering the phone. Then I decided to take a drive over there and the two young ladies that were behind the counter said that they weren't taking any orders until 4:15pm, mind you it was 4:05pm at that time. So I decided to wait.... 30 minutes later still not taking orders. So now you're refusing to take my order knowing that I understand that your kitchen is backed up. I didn't mind waiting 30-45 minutes for my food, but to take my order?! This is unacceptable! I try to support black businesses, but this is the type of things that makes it very hard to.This man can cook. I don't normally do Yelp reviews and this food made me do it. Great guy and great food. Words really can't do it justice. Order some now.I'll start with this: the food is amazing. They do southern/ New Orleans cuisine like no other. The crabcakes are incredibly creamy, the jumbo fried shrimp are crispy, and the seafood who dat pasta is one of my favorites (plus it comes with fried catfish AND a crabcake). Peewee's really hits the spot when I'm craving this kind of food. I love supporting a Black-owned business and I'm very excited to try out their new Gentilly location soon!
The only major downside, however, is that they're incredibly hard to reach. Every time I've seen Peewee's on a food delivery app, it usually doesn't have their whole menu available for delivery. But it's also still hard to order directly from Peewee's themselves, as they generally don't pick up phone calls, which is insanely frustrating. This means I usually have to go there in person to order my food and then wait around for it to be ready. On two separate instances, I've gone there to order, they told me it would be ready in about 30 minutes, I waited around in the parking lot, went back inside multiple times to check if the food was ready, and then ended up waiting for about an hour and half in total. The third time I went, I ordered in-person, went all the way home, then came back and it STILL wasn't ready. I love their food so much but the inconvenience usually makes me less willing to get it. Maybe I'll try going at some time other than a weekend night in the future to see if they're less busy at those times, but for now, this has been my experience.After hearing about this place by word of mouth for months, a discount on Postmates that was too good to pass up urged my mother and I to finally place an order. Just WOW. We ordered the seafood disaster with an extra crab cake. Now I'm not a huge fan of crab cakes being as they're either too dry or bland, but these just became my new seafood obsession. They are unlike any crab cake I've tried before, rich with lump crab meat and flavorful seasonings. These cakes practically fall apart and melt in your mouth, so delicious!! We love pasta, and that was right on as well as the catfish. My mom said the fish was just like she likes them, batter and all.
Unfortunately the kitchen ran out of lobster, so we're going to have to wait till next time to vouch on that one, but if it's anything like what we've tried so far, I'm sure it'll be great! 
I work as a bartender downtown, so in the future I'll be sure to recommend this place to patrons as my top choice of quality seafood. I'm already planning my next visit for the 2 can dine for $30 coming up soon. 
Disregard the poor reviews, and just try this place for yourself. If you disagree with me, just call me crazy. From now on Pee Wee's Crab Cakes will be our new exclusive choice for takeout when getting our seafood fix.Best food value in NOLA! Check out his Mardi Gras menu! Chef peewee made us crab cakes with pasta for $10 and the plate was full with great flavor! We even got to meet him after we ate! Hands down one of the best kept secrets in NOLA!This place blew my mind. Let's start with the ordering, they have three different menus Appetizers, lunch, and dinner. The lunch menu is the same as others but smaller and right to the point. Wait time, I only waited 10 minutes before I received a call to tell me my order was ready. Time to eat, the look alone had my mouth watering. The plate was set up like a 5 star restaurant chef did it. For as the taste of the food AMAZING!! You have to try it.Food was delicious but wait was ridiculous. It's a pandemic so everything is changing and you give everyone grace including yourself.  Best deviled eggs ever!First the good. The food was absolutely top notch. Everything we ordered was amazing and portions were generous. Now the bad. They are pretty much operating like we're not in a pandemic, at least in the front. There's a sign on the door saying no more than 5 people in the lobby. The lobby is tiny. I counted 10 when we were in there at one point. I'm honestly worried but I have my 1st Moderna. A couple of people in the lobby and behind the counter had their noses hanging out of their masks flapping in the breeze which equals not wearing mask #MouthGag. I'll go back but perhaps when the pandemic has simmered down.My family and I visited this place as we had heard so many rave reviews. We reside in Nola. I had the lobster balls and ceaser salad and added blackened fish. My dad had the gumbo, my aunt had the shrimp po boy and fries, and my mother had the infamous crab cakes. My only complaint was the lobster balls were very greasy and my dad hated the gumbo he said it was not file gumbo and had no meat. I did appreciate the sales lady greeting us upon our arrival and sitting with us at the only table located inside to take our order. Our entire food came out in less than 30 minutes and for this I  will return again. We just may have not picked the right day so I will give a second chance. This is a black owned business in our community and the owner gives back, much appreciated!Are you tipping the ladies that are taking your order when you eat here?  I hope so. They seem tired and that's understandable because peewees stays busy. I always leave a big tip in hopes that it'll brighten their days . Food wise here are some of my faves #1 seafood rice ! To die for !! The Hennessy wings so good and spicy! Fried hard , not my thing but if that's the way you like your wings, they're perfect . The sauce was killer though. The Mac and cheese is good but a lil spicy in case you're thinking about giving it to a child. Seafood pasta , bomb! Seafood stuffed potato , worthwhile ! I have a bunch more to try from them but overall, very good. The crab cake is good and the crab stuffed shrimp are good as well.Did not enjoy all the items.  Crab cakes are average and did not have a lot of fresh crab - blue crab etc.  Expensive for no reason.I really wanted to like this place. But the crab cakes have wayyyy too much mayonnaise . Very mushy and with a weird sweet taste to them. If they would tighten up there recipe they could be a huge hit!BEST MEAL IVE HAD. First, the website is clean looking and offers pictures of all of their dishes. The one problem is is all looks delicious! Parking is a little difficult but you can just pull up out front, or around the block, put your order in and then wait in the car.  THIS FOOD IS PHENOMENAL. Every bit of what I had, had me saying "oh man is this real." I've had a lot of catfish is my life, but this has the best thin but crunchy layer on top of a flaky fish. The sauce went well with everything! ALWAYS GET THE SAUCE. Lobster tail was good to buttery goodness, without me having to dip in butter. AND THOSE CRAB CAKES. Just falling apart. I WILL be back. And if you don't make a stop here while visiting, you have missed out on New Orleans finest.My god! I've finally found what I've been looking for! Everything was amazing, best bell pepper I've ever had! I'm in love with this place!I always take a picture of my food but i didn't this time. I was dying to see what the fuss was all about at this place. I ordered the daily special which is 3 stuffed shrimps, 1 crab cake and my sides were parmesan mashed potatoes and broccoli. Since there's 2 location I'm compelled  to say i purchased my food to-go from the MLK location. Let me start with the crab cake, it was a common run of the mill breaded crab cake.. nothing special. The shrimp (stuffed shrimp)  was stuffed with the same breaded crab cake. The shrimp was hard dry and overbooked. I was very disappointed in the stuffed shrimp i ate the stuffing i pulled off the shrimp and tossed the shrimp in the trash. The star of the plate was the parmesan mashed potatoes.. it was tasty. Well i promised my coworker that i would try the other location. I was told it's much better. I will order the same thing just to be consistent. Stay tuneThe best crabcake over a bed of spinach..Fast service. Friendly staff. Will definitely go again.Went to Oder a bunch of food with friends for a YouTube video and they forgot my slice of cheese cake. I reminded them and I saw the worker in the back out my cheese cake in the plate with his bare hands. When I said something one of the workers told them to just put the cheese cake in the bag and they handed it it me... with or without covid going around that's disgusting. Imagine what is done behind closed doors.This food was amazing still dreaming about it. If you're visiting New Orleans make sure you try this spot!! Got it delivered to us and it still tasted so good. S/o to the Uber driver that put me on to this placeI went to the new location in gentilly and i was impressed with the building and the menu. I ordered the crawfish fries and they smelled good and looked good. HOWEVER, once I started eating them, I was disappointed. They lacked flavor and I had to add my own seasoning. My fries were also kind of cold but it was fine because I just warmed it up at home. Also, when I kept eating them.. I ended up getting a sour taste in my mouth, it wasn't the crawfish because that tasted fresh. It was the fries, it was either old or have been sitting there for a while. My mom was eating some too and had the same sour old taste in her mouth. We both spit those certain fries out. I ate the majority but threw the rest away. I appreciate the business and the food. I was just disappointed and didn't really like the fries. Overall, I rate the place a 9/10 but my food 4.9/10. I will order something else but I'll stay away from the fries. I hope someone sees this!OMG ate here on my last day in NOLA and I tell you this was hands down the best meal eva. NOLA I have to depart but Peewee I will be back.Small walk up spot, street parking, great food, HORRIBLE customer service. Will not be returning.Based on their Instagram pics and overall Yelp rating, I had high hopes. I did see the mixed reviews as I read through them, but hoped to be one of the lucky ones. Nope. We ordered the "Seafood Disaster" through Uber Eats, and with all the added fees, this was an almost $70 meal. Perhaps the name of the dish was foretelling.  Didn't get the stuffed lobster tail at all. The fish was NOT catfish which is what their menu says, plus it was soggy so one bite was one too much of whatever it was. The pasta needed seasoning. Crab cakes were soggy and mostly breading. I struggle to process that the crabcakes are their signature dish. I'm generously giving 3 stars because the broccoli was good, the pasta was decent once I added some Tony's, and the stuffed crab (that we received in error) was delicious. Overall, too many misses for such an expensive meal.Second time visiting the MLK location. 1st time was great, but I stop by on 8/10/21 at 2:13pm and the cashier was unprofessional. I was ready to order and started to placed my order and she continue to hold a conversation with another employee while I was standing there, so I let her finished her conversation. She asked me "how can I help you" and took my order. But, the funny part was she had the balls to asks for a "TIP" on the cash machine. SMH
I do have a question, why ask a customer for a cell number and you don't call the customer to let them know there food is ready. Roshanique you're UNPROFESSIONAL attitude will bring down this man company and I am sad that I will never spend my money with Pee Wee's Crabcake to go again  #MLK #MELP my home area. Good help is so hard to find.The food is ridiculously good, better than any upscale seafood restaurant. Call ahead to order for pick up.Definitely not what I thought after seeing social media. Pee Wee is super nice, but the crab cake was not good. The cake has minimal crab meat. The center was mushy and gooey with a lot of mayo. My order was wrong. Crab cake  was accidentally replaced with fried fish. It was hard, dry and on the thin side. The Who dat pasta is not as pictured. Very few small crawfish and shrimp in thick white sauce. The sauce contains some type of oregano or rosemary that ruins the flavor of a cream sauce. Mostly disappointed in the crab cake. I wanted to love this place so bad because the owner seems super motivated. I won't return.Ho. Lee. God. That was one of the best meals I have ever had ever. We ordered the Seafood Potato, and it was delicious. 
From the moment I opened the to-go box, there was an epic struggle between trying to savor every bite and shoveling the perfectly prepared seafood in my face as quickly as possible. 
Here comes the food coma. 
Worth it.This food was absolutely HORRIBLE. I had  the bell pepper plate. The bell pepper was VERY salty, the mac and cheese didn't have a lick of salt, the crab cakes were sweet as hell, and the potato salad had no seasoning and still had the peeling on the potatoes. I was very disappointed. That was a waste of time and money. Also the pasta was very watery.A MUST IN NOLA!! Great food and very inexpensive!!! They are a little busy but that's for a reason which means it is hard to find parking.The location can throw you off but the food is delicious. I ordered the seafood stuffed bell pepper plate. It comes with seafood macaroni and cheese, a crab cake, and potato. I do do not eat potato salad so I substituted it for extra macaroni and cheese. The food is seasoned well and the customer service is great. If possible, place a phone order to avoid the wait.Thank you Pee Wees for lunch today. It hit the spot. Everything was fresh and hot. And the Red Velvet cake was delicious!I wanted to give this place a try because it's in the neighborhood in New Orleans.  Probably won't go there often because it's just okay but you do get a lot of food for your money however the taste has to be there as well. Not my least favorite but definitely not at the top of my list either.  
I got the seafood platter with a soft shell crab. My daughter got salmon. First the breading is falling off whichever that should be CHANGE because you want the breading to stay on right because the seasoning is there, it's fried long enough,  the fish isn't Catfish, it's Talpia or White which I don't care for either one, Also the CRAB CAKES, BALLS, STUFF CRABS ARE ALL MOSTLY BREADING NOT CRABMEAT, UGHH. 
SALMON WAS JUST OKAY, BROCCOLI WAS SALTY. I HOPE THE OWNERS RETHINK THE FRYING AND CHANGE THE FISH. 
GOOD LUCKI enjoyed the food. It'll fill you up. The crab cake was pretty good and so were the crab fries. I'd say call ahead if you can so you don't have to wait outside or in your car for your order. You can just pick it up and then go enjoy all of its deliciousness!We came here for my birthday dinner and this little gem did not disappoint!!  We checked in and received out free Crab ball appetizer.  It was served with an amazing, homemade Sweet chili Thai sauce.  I ordered the Seafood Disaster for my husband and I, which is more like "Seafood Heaven".   The Stuffed lobster was so delicious, even my husband ate some and he does NOT like lobster.  The fried catfish is the best we've had in a long time.  The crawfish pasta is so creamy and Chef Pee Wee is very generous with the amount of crawfish added to the pasta.  My 17 year old son had the seafood stuffed Baked Potato.  I asked how it was and he replies, "it's gone, isn't it?" Typical teenager and he didn't even share.  Chef also brought out a dozen chargrilled oysters. Unfortunately for me I am allergic to oysters but they smelled delicious and my husband and son didn't come up for air.  The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  We will definitely be back!!Firs and last time here at this "to go" joint.  I purchased over $70 worth of food, left a tip and got the worst customer service.  
I came to support this Black Owned Business after hearing a colleague rave about their food. I'm not particularly fond of that area because of parking but that's pretty much all over LOL. 
I bought a colossal crabcake, loaded seafood potato, and 4lbs of crawfish with a side of fish.  All were tasty but the crabcake had something sweet drizzled on top which I didn't like.  All of the food was seasoned very well and cooked perfectly.  HOWEVER....
I was there over 45 minutes waiting for my order after being told it's coming several times.  I kept seeing people after me come and go with their orders.  Then the auntie of the owner came out with the mother of the owner and said, "you still waiting?" I'm like, "yes ma'am." Mind you, she came well after me also and ended up leaving before me.  She even asked the staff, where was my food.  
Come to find out, these geniuses were boiling more crawfish WHILE I WAITED and didn't have the decency to tell me.  Yep, that did it for me.  If you hire folks who have no people skills, business skills or even common sense, you will eventually end up losing business.  Then I get my food with no apology whatsoever.  Good food or not, I won't be back.I tried to get to you while I was visiting but no one ever answered the phone and when I drove there the lady comes out of the door and yells back...are we done cooking?  And looks at us and says we done cooking.   What the what!!!! Oh well!Run, do not walk to this place. This is real New Orleans food, with complex and balanced flavors.  Many New Orleans style restaurants make the mistake of overpowering the dish with butter and Grease. Peewee's manages to give you all the flavor without making you feel heavy.  I would 100% recommended this place to people who want authentic food cooked by local people who know what's up.  The quality will surprise you.Unfortunately I had a horrible experience eating from here. I ordered the southern fried catfish special from the uptown location on Saturday and long story short the potato salad smelled and tasted sour. It was hot so maybe the Mayo or mustard went bad but it was a waste. The pasta was dry like it had been sitting out. The fish, shrimp and crabcake at least was ok. Lastly... the gumbo had fish in it and tasted like it was box gumbo. I NEVER had gumbo with pieces of fried fish in it. The roux was not right at all. It was a total waste of money. I never had this problem at the Gentilly location and I prob should just stick to that location.Peewees is delicious.The menu is diverse and everyone will be satisfied. I had the fried fish baked potato. Hit was delicious. The only drawback is the parking. There are several businesses at the Gentilly location and Peewees is so popular so you can imagine what happens. But go anyway you might get lucky. It's worth the wait