Down here in NOLA for a quick trip - always like eating in neighborhood restaurants. This one was nice for an early breakfast - good egg sandwiches and great coffee. And the people working here are awesome!Great lunch options - a variety of tasty choices for eating in or take out, including salads and sandwiches.  Loved the freshly made juices in particular, and there was an array of tempting desserts to follow-up with.  Service was pleasant and fairly prompt, but I would not recommend if you are in a real hurry; far better to come here and relax over a glass of wine with a friend or loved one, as it is a lovely, cosy place on a quiet street in NOLA.  Definitely recommend it.A quick place to get some great food. I tried the Tomato Bisque which was the soup of the day and split a Tuna Salad Sandwich. The tomato bisque was creamy and savory. It was perfect because the weather was a little gray. The Tuna Salad was good, not too much mayo and loved the egg in it. Definitely, looking forward to eating breakfast here. Be sure to make it before 11am if your trying to have breakfast.Stopped in for a mini doberge petit four and they were out, but grabbed a tasty chocolate cannoli and a coffee instead. $10. It's not a cheap everyday coffee shop by any means but when you want to feel a bit fancy and grab a tasty bite in a casual setting, this place does the trick. I also recommend their sandwiches and soups- never had one I didn't like.Came here since the line was too long at Central Grocery down the street. Just a heads up that on the muffuletta the meats are thickly cut rather than the typical thin sliced and the bread is not sesame. So it's a nice place to grab a bite as long as you're not expecting the original. Lemonade was good.There is only one word to describe this place, delightful. The antique homey vibe you feel as soon as you walk in will immediately fill you with joy. I got the classic chicken salad sandwich and it was delicious. I also enjoyed the Arnold Palmer.The chicken salad on ciabatta is a must during a fun day of drinking & exploring the French Quarters!!! The grilled cheese was also great with smooth cheddar cheese!I had the Roast beef poboy, Chocolate cheesecake, a piece of King cake, and a Hard berry lemonade! Everything that I tried was amazing! There was a lot of variety to choose from that's why I had to try two different deserts! I would highly recommend this place! It has a great atmosphere, excellent workers who will go above and beyond to make sure that you are taken care of, and delicious food! I highly compliment the workers at this establishment, they checked on us several times to make sure everything was great and if we needed anything. I had been hearing great things about this place and decided to give it a try, and I will definitely be making this a routine to stop by this cafe for lunch or dinner! This is definitely not a place to be overlooked!!!Stopped by here twice while in New Orleans, I had their iced hot chocolate both times, very good. And a little dessert item but don't remember what it's called, I'll attach a picture, the dessert was not too sweet so it hit the spot perfect along with the iced hot chocolate. Service was always good, always hello and thank you.Pretty cool small French cafe. Prices are a lil pricey. Sandwiches $11-15, drinks $3-7, and then a side for $3-6. Small single bathroom. Good place the quickly get a bite to eat in between tours.Quiche is not edible!  Tomato bisque was decent.  Service could have been better.  
I returned the rubbery quiche to the order counter and let them know the problem.  They didn't offer to substitute the quiche with something else.  Very disappointing for this cute French Quarter eatery.
Also, value was poor as soup plus a small slice of quiche was $16.95 not including tip (I had tipped $3).  So left after paying $19.95 still hungry!Damn good gumbo!  And the Cubano and Muffletta sandwiches were the bomb!  So glad we stumbled into this place.  Awesome atmosphere too!We made the mistake of going here instead of the restaurant next door. In the end it was ok, food was good although smaller menu. We enjoyed the salads and muffuletta and they had great fresh juice choices.Their gumbo and roast beef sandwich is out of sight! Delicious, fresh and savory. We also shared a slide of creole cheesecake. Wow! All the cheesecake love without feeling as if your arteries will collapse. Other offerings include local sourced milk in glass containers for take away, fresh panchetta, fresh juices and salads. It reminded me a lot of Waters Fine Foods in San Diego.
Service was superb. The person behind the counter was friendly, informative and downright Southern. I only wish I could remember his name!
We were lucky enough to chat with the chef/owner. It was nice to learn how he too has a passion for local source/fresh offerings. There's nothing fried at Amelie (Petit or Cafe).
It's a bit pricey but worth the extra spent because of the quality. I look forward to returning when I come back to NOLA.If you are looking for breakfast pastries, fresh juice, doberge cake, cookies, a sandwich, salad, coffee, and/or tea in the Quarter (FQ), this is your Mecca.  It's a french bistro with a Gulf Coast twist.
After combing through a slew of restaurants offering Eggs Benedicts (we WERE in the FQ), and knowing I had a day full of walking (and not wanting to walk around with a full meal for brunch in my stomach all day), I found Petite Amelie.  Thank your god of choice!  I got a croissant and spinach, apple, and ginger juice.  They also had a few popovers with different combinations of thin-sliced ham, tomatoes, squash, cheese, and a few other items.  Everything was very pretty.  And tasty.  Well, the croissant was a bit doughy for me, but we weren't in Paris or Manhattan, so a small sacrifice.
We sat at our little bistro table by the window, enjoying our light repast,  and wondering why art students were outside sketching and sitting in the middle of the road...on the ground.  I also noticed, back inside and in the glass display counter, a Thin Mint Doberge cake.  It called to both me and my momma like we were (not so) old friends.  So, later in the day - out of friendship - we ingested a slice.This was the perfect lunch spot for a cold and rainy day. The tomato soup is clearly home made. We split the muffuletta sandwich that had the best olive tapenade and warm Italian meats. The tchoup salad also did not disappoint, with delicious chicken, bacon and home made ranch dressing. Perfect lunch spot!We stopped in here for a light snack and were very disappointed. We ordered a tuna salad sandwich to share. The tuna salad was very dry. The lettuce on the sandwich was wilted with some spoiled spots on it. The bread had no dressing of any kind on it. We didn't even finish our halves. Don't waste your time or money on this place.This is a lovely little cafe! The atmosphere is light and friendly just like the food! I had the fresh chicken salad and it was exactly as described - fresh and delicious. Next time I come back to Nola, this will be a must.This is a cozy place to grab lunch. I ordered the cheesy grill and tomato soup. My friend had the huevos rancheros. The ciabatta bread is so fresh and soft and the soup had a nice spicy kick to it. It's a tad overpriced but the food was great so I'd recommend itGreat cafe with friendly service. Their pastries and teas are refreshing. Try this place out!We wanted to go to the Cafe Amelie proper, but apparently you need to wake up at the ass crack of dawn to get a reservation (LOL...but not really).
Petite was good though and I enjoyed my mean. It was definitely not mind blowing, but was pretty good regardless.
My wife ordered some sort of chicken and it looked like it was cooked entirely too long...actually looked like it could have been good if cooked properly, but was drier than jerky.
The juices are on point though, so you gotta try those.
We walked in and right to the counter to order, so you can't really beat that. No sitting around waiting at all..big plus to me, let's you get to the fun stuff quicker but with a nicer start to your day than a fast food type biscuit or some grease bomb garbage.
I recommend for sure!Just happened upon this place as we were walking to a ghost tour. Great selection of sandwiches, salads & juices for a quick lunch or dinner. Great customer service & quite quick regarding getting ur food... I came back twice LOL. First time I had the chicken salad & potato salad, fresh and beyond words delicious! Next day I had the grilled cheese & tomato bisque, oh me oh my, it was on ciabatta bread and it was amazing. The tomato bisque was spicy goodness. I highly recommend stopping here to grab a quick sandwich, or healthy salad / juice, plus they have a great selection of desserts and baked goods. I never made it here in time for breakfast but the menu looked reeeeaaaaal goodDelicious spot for lunch or breakfast. I got the tuna niçoise, my friend got the gruyere and tomato panini. Mine came out pretty fast, the panini got forgotten and finally made it to the table, cold.
The tuna niçoise was really, truly good, with nice big pieces/whole olives in the tuna salad. 
Other than the small issues with the service, this place is a nice little cafe.Great atmosphere and great food! We got the banana nut bread and a frozen hot chocolate-- both of which were amazing! Perfect spot to chat and relax.This was one of our favorite lunch spots on our recent trip to the French Quarter. Great salads, great staff, and great atmosphere. Enjoyed the tarragon chicken salad, which was of ample proportions, as well as the Tchoup salad, while quenching our thirst with cucumber water. The staff was friendly, helpful, and conversational, as well as the clientele. Other items in the deli case looked yummy, but one can only eat so much! We are real glad we found this gem, and will definitely return.Petite Amelie thank you for being open late enough on a Sunday for my salad fix! 
This was the last stop during my NOLA weekend visit and after over indulging in everything the NOLA food scene had to offer I was craving a salad. (I know it sounds weird but too much of a good thing can be bad okay??) 
I had the tarragon chicken salad. It was a sizable salad with very yummy chicken salad piled on top of mixed greens (no dressing as the chicken salad made up for that). Also had crisp green apples lining the salad. I would def recommend. 
When we arrived there were quite a few tables and someone was working on their laptop there. It's a good spot to grab a casual and fast bite to eat or lounge around. They have several options for food (veggie also!) and many drinks and snacks. 
What sealed the deal for me was the offer silverware (less waste!) and cucumber water (my friend said that always makes her feel like she's at a spa.) 
Check this place out when in the French quarter if you're looking for more healthier options!Can I put negative stars?
This spot is incredibly expensive and only has one tiny bathroom. Half of their drink selections aren't posted on their website or board, so we ended up getting a disastrous $7 cucumber "juice thing." I had a few sips and threw it out it was so disgusting. I would have much rather had the ice tea they apparently serve, but don't list anywhere - I only discovered it existed while I waited in the long line to use the loo.
The purchased pasta salad, again overly expensive, was ho hum and essentially what I would get at a grocery store. It didn't taste homemade or of any high quality. 
I have no intention of dropping in again, and found it not worth the price in the least.Petite Amelie is a nice little, fresh respite in the heart of dirty, stinky New Orleans.
They've got cold sandwiches, panini, salads, soups, sweets and more. The prices are a little steep but they really are using fresh, wholesome ingredients. I was miffed at first, but after eating I felt the price was fully justified.
The Tuna Nicoise Sandwich was delicious and HUGE. I never have leftovers and I could only eat half of this sandwich in one sitting. My husband's Turkey and Cranberry sandwich wasn't quite as generously portioned but it was still a filling meal.
The decor is very cute with lots of European details and they even offer complimentary cucumber water!Great easy sit down and lunch. Had good gumbo in fierce air conditioning a friendly sort of funky shabby chic. Plenty of seats for us in the mid-afternoon and straight down the block from the Voodoo Museum. Good fresh green juice and very friendly service.Staff not friendly at all. They seem really bored.
Meals overpriced.
Tips asked for no service.6 bucks for a 12 oz latte? Are you friggen joking? Coming from Seattle I find this utterly ridiculous. We have had better coffee in several places since we arrived in NOLA. This was nothin special.I ordered a Cobb salad.  When I received it looked pretty good until I dug down to the lettuce.  90% of it was rotten .. I tried picking through it but finally gave up as the majority was bad.  The girl did refund my my money w zero apology.  I won't be back.We discovered this delightful cafe towards the end of our French Quarter visit.  After enjoying the festivities of Bourbon Street, it was a nice respite to drink an excellent cup of Illy coffee and have either lunch or a delicious  pastry. The atmosphere is bright, cheerful and quiet!Saved my life in a code rainy day...even though I ordered a machaccino got a latte instead.You have to try one of the cannolis! The chicken and waffle panini was also incredible! Great serviceI got the egg blt and was extremely happy with the meal. The ciabatta bread was great and the bacon was crispy. The chocolate croissant and brownie were both also dope!The cutest! We ended up here on day one in NOLA just because we were hot, hungry, and waiting for our hotel room to be available.
I'm so glad we ended up here! Friendly service, great juices, unique sammies. We loved it so much we even came back for breakfast another day. 
Kind of pricy on the drink-side of things and sorta small portions, but I'll take it in the midst of the French Quarter where things are typically fried, heavy and terrible for you. Hey, you need this place to balance out the delicious crap you'll be eating and drinking the rest of your time here, yeah?Looking for a healthy, tasty, quick bite? Stop by Petite Amelie for a coffee, juice, pastry or small meal. The cafe vibe is clean and welcoming and staff is friendly and helpful. 
Perfect for a coffee date or a mid day snack.The pralines are the best I've ever had.  Loaded with fresh pecans.  They practically melt in your mouth.Super over rated. Ordered a tomato basil Danish which tasted stale. The waiter pointed to smelly microwave when I asked if it could be heated. Unfortunately even airport food tastes better...Petite Amelie is an upscale deli type of place that is long over do in the FQ.  It is really geared towards take away but it is so damn cute you might want to stay.  There are sandwiches fresh pressed juices(hallelujah) pastries and really good coffee.  Fresh iced tea and homemade lemonade to go... It just opened so there are a few kinks.
   There are  cases filled with prepared foods by the pound.  It was all so fresh and delicious.  I love the zuzu juice and the lamb sandwich.  The pastries and pies look so good.  I took home a half chicken and potato salad for dinner during the week what a treat.  My neighborhood just got a lot more delicious.I only stopped in here because I saw someone's dish through the window. So glad I did. The key lime pie is out of this world.We wanted to go to Cafe Amelie but it was raining, so the beautiful patio was a no-go and the dining room had a 40 minute wait.  We settled for Petite Amelie around the corner and were pleasantly surprised.  The food was great and so were the drinks.  The staff was super friendly and threw in 2 free little fruit tarts just because we had to remind them about one of the drinks we ordered.  They have fresh veggie juices AND vodka lemonade on the menu.  What more could you ask for!?  Well, just one thing actually... a vegan option would be nice!  Vegetarian was no prob, but vegan did not exist.God coffee and small homemade Dutch Apple pie. Diabetic in need of good sugar and coffee to bootChicken salad and the pastrami sammy were both delicious. The shandy was awesome on a super hot day. Best of all was the staff who were super friendly and down to earth.As the other reviews have said, a nice, quiet shop with good coffee, delicious, light lunch or breakfast and a staff that understands quiet and peaceful. Lovely.Nice casual spot to eat lunch or a low-key dinner if you are in the quarter and don't want a table service experience. You come order at the counter and its brought to you. They have various items in the deli cases which are already prepared but then if you want them warmed they tell you to microwave them yourself (ummm ok). Sandwiches are good although nothing creative or overly ok flavorful about them. So basically it's a spot you will likely come to out of convenience while in the quarter for a quick bite but over pay for your average experience. But it's the French Quarter so just deal with it.The best dry cappuccino in the quarter.  Great staff and delicious pastries!  They carry doberge from Debbie does Doberge too.Cute spot.  I stopped in here on my way back to rest my eyes for maybe 15 minutes and then get ready to head back out again.  I sat down with my coffee, and enjoyed the chill environment.  It was about 5-6 in the evening, so there were just a few people around.  The barista, a hipster looking guy, added "baby" to everything he said while addressing me.  Surprising, but sweet, so I went with it.  The drip coffee was good, so that's all I can speak it.  And it was unlimited, which was interesting, but could come in handy.Such a yummy place! Cafe Amelie was too busy so we decided to stop here.  We ordered the bbq chicken sandwich, classic chicken salad sandwich, and tomato soup and everything was divine! Just a heads up though the tomato soup has a kick.  We also had the fruit tart which wasn't too bad but didn't taste fresh.  Only downside is it's a small place and you might now find a place to sit!One of the favorite spots for quick but nutritious food when visiting the FQ. There's great local food of course but if you need a little break from it, they have yummy salads, sandwiches and fresh juices. I had a beet salad and fresh grapefruit juice, so good. The ambience is also fitting for a break from all the bars and busy places around. there's an adjacent restaurant, Cafe Amelie . I didn't have a chance to dine but loved the garden and ambience, check it out. Prices are not the cheapest but moderate for the type of shop. Also, great seating by tons of windows to sit and enjoy the FQ streets from inside.I really like the interior of this place; it has a nice feel to it and is in a great location. I've been a long time fan of Cafe Amelie too, so I've been excited about this place. I've been a handful of times now. I like the little touches in decorating and it feels like a step up from a lot of the lunch spots in the area.
 The food is ok; it's definitely quick cafe food. It doesn't have quite the artesian quality you might expect from looking at the place or from what you'd hope for from the prices. The staff is a little hit or miss too; sometimes their conversations get in the way of things like ordering. 
$16 (plus tip) for a sandwich and a bottle of water will make me pause before going back because it's almost sit down prices for essentially take out experience.Lovely staff! I love the shrimp and grits, the gumbo, and the fresh juices. Their cannolis are also good. Their 'fruit tart' is awful, but it is the only thing I've gotten from there that I've disliked. 
It has a nice atmosphere, is always clean, and is a great little cafe in the French Quarter.Had gumbo, mint julep, and cannoli. All excellent. On the pricey side but hey it's French Quarters.Great place for breakfast, lunch or just a fresh orange juice. Their (chocolet) croissant is almost like a French one! Really tastefull. 
You can sit and eat at their shop or take it with you.Smoked salmon BLT for breakfast was fantastic- probably won't be hungry until dinner!  Specialty expresso drinks are small for the price but also very good-  for 10am in NOLA this place needs AC!!!!Awesome place! Great food! All fresh food Sandwhichs,soups, and desserts. They also serve breakfast. We be back!Best potato salad I've ever had... Hands down!
We stopped here while visiting New Orleans, we wanted a casual lunch and this fit the bill. We had the chopped salad and a side of potato salad. 
It's a week later and I'm still craving it!!! The lemonade was way too tangy and strong, we had to throw it away.Overall I really enjoyed this place. Had coffee and iced tea and they were both great. ( seriously really really great iced tea) Also had a magic cookie bar that was TO DIE FOR! Ordered a juice , it was good and fresh just wish they used cold fruit or pre made some and had in the fridge, I dont like room temp juice.Got seated in less than 5 minutes! Waitress was super sweet and recommended the crawfish penne which was AMAZING! Bread was cold but still good! :) Would definitely come again.Beautiful building and friendly service, but $6.00 for a latte!!!  Can't believe I was that desperate for my caffeine fix.  Also got the breakfast parfait (yogurt, fruit, granola), which was fine, but not outstanding.  Also, they're closed the first part of the week.  Might be better for lunch.We stopped in after enjoying ourselves a little too much all day.  We needed food- I'm not sure if that's why we loved this place.  Our server was Joy, and she was nice and sweet and cheerful.  Very happy to have her as our waitress!  I had 1/2 muffuletta, which was huge and delicious.   Like I said, not sure if a buzz made this food really good, or if it was legit great.  Either way, service and atmosphere were awesome and we'll be back!Friendly service, beautiful, tasty, big sandwiches & Danish. Clean, very nice coffee bar and cold case. Poke Stop also!! Stop in for some yummyness!Stopped in here accidentally while looking for Cafe Amelie.  Very cool grab and go.  We ended up just getting two things, a jalapeño cheddar biscuit and some S'mor thing.  That S'mor thing was one of the best things I have ever had.  I'm hoping to go back once more before I leave the city.  Highly recommend!!Cute place that someone probably invested a lot of money in to, but whom was visually absent that day. I purchased two items. I was over charged $1.05 each item. I brought it to the two staffers attention , they apologized and said they charged different prices yesterday. Huh?? Then they told me that they didn't want to open the cash register to refund me the money because it was difficult, and would prefer I just buy another item. Huh?? This is probably the only place in the city where I spent the least amount of money and left with I just got duped feeling. I'm guessing there was no manager or owner on site at this time or things would have been handled differently. Again, my only underwhelming experience in a great city. Better service at Starbucks.This place is fantastic, we did brunch here twice on our vacation and both times were fantastic. The sandwiches are really delightful, there was hardly a line. The staff was super nice and their coffee was great! 
If you are in a bit of a hurry but want somewhat healthy good quality food I would highly recommend stopping in here for a bite. 
Also, the one thing, and I know this is odd, but I felt like most of New Orleans has gross unkempt restrooms that are very small and never have toilet paper. Their restroom was wonderful and clean and you didn't feel like you needed a shower after being in there.No surprise here..... Pastries were excellent. Kind of a fru-fru place, fresh juices, everything made from scratch. Not for people looking for meatloaf and mashed potatoes.Strawberry salad was great and the portion gigantic. Lovely place for a quick lunch. Menu is very diverse and has a lot of salads!I had dinner the night before at Cafe Amelie and wanted more! So I came back to try the quiche in the morning. It was delicious and the staff friendly.This is a must must go. Looks like an Italian cafe / pasta and co. I got a creole cheese cake and it was so creamy and delicious. In the French quarter, serves coffee, "waffle paninis", pastries, and sandwiches. Also heathy juices, wine, and beer. Great atmosphere and awesome food.A must stop for anyone in the area! The gentleman behind the counter was one of the nicest men I have ever encountered when dining out! Super friendly, new our sons name and gave great suggestions.
Chicken salad was tasty, sammy was delish. Stop in, grab a bite and a ginger beer!My favorite juice bar in the French Quarter! This is the cutest little coffee shop too. A great atmosphere to grab a hot latte and read a book.Terrible. Everything we had was terrible.  What else can I say. Terrible. The gumbo was awful. The tomato
Bisque was scorched and had too much pepper. How do you screw up tuna salad!  Granted - maybe asking for a cubano in Nola isn't smart. But - it was awful. They drenched everything in proprietary sauces they are trying to sell. The sauces are awful. Their bread is awful. The meat - alone - was good.Wonderful little cafe. Was nearby my hotel the cornstalk hotel. Wish I would of had more time I would come in here again. We only had a salad as we both were not that hungry, but the menu has a lot of fresh items that look really good. Our salad was good, the place was clean, bathroom was clean, prices reasonable, and the service was good. Make a stop here for some light fresh food.Quick little cafe. Had the cheesy grill and tomato bisque. Tomato bisque was good. The cheesy grill was havarti and white cheddar on a Belgian waffle. Unique, tasty and filling. There were lots of delicious pastries available, fortunately for my waistline, the sandwich filled me up. My taste buds complained about no dessert, but a full tummy over ruled their protests. Next time I start with the pastryLong time nola resident and pass this corner daily. Wanted so much for this to be good but...Lunch stuff looks old. They had nothing available from the breakfast menu at 8:20 am. I left.
Staff seemed very slack. Not making much effort. I will try once more.Should have read the reviews before I go in.  Worst $13 dollar salad I've had in my life.  No dressing. So for $27 (tips included) I had a salad and a juice, which they forgot to make in the first 20 min.  Will not come back.Yelp failed me.
This place was overpriced, which could be tolerable given the location, but the food was mediocre and service unfriendly.Quaint cafe at the lower end of royal. From juices and espresso to panni waffles and BLT - this is a perfect place to grab a cup of coffee, pastry and enjoy a book. 
Stopped in for late lunch headed to a meeting - service was super fast and everyone was extremely friendly. Tuna Salad was delicious and definitely 'homemade'.I used to love this place and would recommend it to anyone looking for a quick bite in the Quarter, but I don't think I'll return after today. 
I ordered some of my favorites for lunch today, the Cubano and Jalapeño Coleslaw. Everything was fantastic except the second or third bite into the slaw I immediately felt like I was eating out of an ashtray. It was disgusting and totally jarring. I have no idea what's gone wrong with the place, but my experience today has ruined the restaurant for me.