I'm glad I went back to Phils because the food really is good. My only complaint this time around was that I got my food to go, and when I arrived home some of the toppings were missing from my tuna burger which was only frustrating because they cost extra. My burger came to over $17 with tax so I wish all the toppings had been there.Great burg. Amazing. Tried the angus on white with pineapple, tiger sauce, egg, bacon, and Monterey Jack cheese. Definitely going to try the bison next time. Steamed veggies just consisted of squash though. Bomb dot comStumbled here with a few friends while in town for the Sugar Bowl and had a great experience. The service was very laid back and fun, with the server calling everyone nicknames.  The birthday boy even got a free beer! 
The menu is more of a "Create Your Own Sandwich" type, selecting the type of meat, bread, toppings, sauce and side dish. The orders came out mostly correct, with a few people missing some toppings and my order of grilled veggies being substituted for steamed (when they brought them out, he said they would be better. And they were excellent. Topping wise, I'm guessing they took some liberty because we selected too many options that would clash). With such a large amount of options, it seems some things are not always in stock, but they will make suggestions to enhance your experience. 
I ordered the Zapp's potato chip crusted chicken on french bread.  It was delicious. The side of steamed veggies with Cajun seasonings was a great complimentary choice, as the sandwich was huge!
The meal was a great value, as our whole party was full and satisfied for under $15 per person. The cost per sandwich is the same and there are only a few toppings/side dishes that required an additional charge.  
This place was very casual and laid back. It's a great place to stop for lunch while exploring NOLA!I went here for the first the other night with my husband and his mother. It was after a Saints game (home game) but there was still a fair number of people eating.  The burgers were amazing - the build-you-own-burger concept is great!  The fried pickles and fried mushrooms were crispy, hot and delicious. We even ordered shakes - I had an Oreo and the hubster got chocolate - both were delicious and difficult to finish (only because we were so full from the meal).  My only complaint (and it's not really a complaint - just something that could have used a little work) was the service.  We had to ask several times for napkins and forks, and then waited a while for our bill. Other than that, everything was great!I LOVE Phils Grill! I'm soo excited to find out there's one on Camp, which is close to where I live! I usually hit up the one on Severn bc it's right by work, but love knowing that I dont have to drive to Metairie on my off days anymore ^_^I own a restaurant around the corner on Julia and when I'm looking for something a little different I eat at Phil's. I absolutely recommend the veggie burger. I'm a meat eater but I ordered one for a friend as a joke and ended falling in love with it.Love the build your own burger. They give you a pen and paper and you get to everything from ur burger to the toppings, sauce and side. They even have alligator or veggie. Gluten free friendly. I love the cheese burger with fried egg and sweet potatoes all for under $10. Friendly customer service. Bartenders never let ur drinks get half empty. Great place for lunch.Excellent place for a burger. You can pick all the toppings you want with little or no cost. You can even add an egg! I prefer no salt options and they will happily prepare the burger, fries, and veggies without salt! For low-carbers they even have a lettuce bun! Ambience is nice. Chairs are a little uncomfortable but the benches are padded and comfy. Drinks are fine. Service is on par. They have great wings too! Give em a shot, especially for the Bison burger!Perfectly cooked burger kid friendly nice wait staff.  Easy stroll over from children's museum. Very cleanI think if I wasn't sitting where I can see directly in to the men's bathroom and actually see men using the urinals, I'd give them more stars. (They seriously need to fix this) 
Good food (portabello burger is messy as hell but still really good), GREAT service. I'm glad I finally got to this location. 
Music is a little too loud but whatever, that won't stop me from coming back.Loved every bite! All the staff was friendly and tentative! I can't wait to go back and try all the different possible combinations of delicious!The best burger joint in town! Hands down.
I went to the CBD location because when designing the place, they commissioned 8 paintings from me, and I wanted to see them displayed in the finished restaurant. They look way nicer on location, than in my studio.
In New Orleans, it's easy to find Cajun and Creole, French, old and new American, but the burger market has folks only attempting success.  I like my food and I like it made well. I just don't have the pocket book for it most of the time.
Sometimes, I just want some meat. Good old cooked animal muscle. Yeah! This city is getting better, but there I still room for improvement.
I've eaten at The Company Burger, no more than a glorified McDonalds with greasy, soggy fries, and way overpriced hamburgers.
Next, I tried Cowbell. They have a hip location and good burgers, but their fries leave more to be desired. You also pay the gourmet burger prices. 
Anyone who has eaten at a Phil's Grill knows that reviews are for the folks who haven't ever eaten there.
I say this because my burger experience was fantastic. I got my burger and couldn't even get my camera out to shoot its glory before I could eat it.
This is a build your own burger place. Start with your meat and its cook. I just did Angus, medium. They have mixed meats, too. They incorporate pork, sausages, and Alligator. They have chicken, veggie, and if you want to pay more, tuna, or filet.
They have a long list of sauces, toppings, additions, extras, and included sides.
My burger was an onion bun, Angus/medium, horseradish honey mustard, romain lettuce, tomato, pineapple round, sautéed mushrooms, Havarti, and I think a couple of other things. I had a side of fries, too. I tried to keep it pretty basic this time. It can get really complicated.
Like I said before. I couldn't get my camera out fast enough. My burger was gone. The meat was thick, the ingredients were fresh, and it tasted great!
Oh, and it just cost $10 and change for the burger and fries.3.5 - Of course Phil Grill has been on my "culinary adventures" list for quite some time. After some shopping, I just happened to pass right by it. Thus, I made the loop, parked on Magazine and made my way there. I walked into the restaurant and the greeter said: "Welcome to Phil's Grill." For me, personally, first impressions are everything. I am sorry, but the vibe just was not an overall: "Hi! Welcome to Phil's Gril!" To me, that really sets the tone of the restaurant. Some have it, and some don't. 
I was dining alone so I spent some time reading Phil's story on the back of the menu, which is pretty freaking awesome. You are an inspiration, Phil. Now, Food: I ordered the lagniappe burger (mixture of beef and hot sausage) with the accompaniments that I wanted. I have to say, it was a really good burger. Like, really good. The loaded baked potato lacked something. You know, I think it just may have been sitting too long or something. My waitress forgot to bring my tea. She did, I must say, offer to make me one to go, but I politely declined.  Once she brought my food, she never visited to make sure all was okay and to conclude that all was to my likening. To me, she missed the mark there. She was pretty sweet, though, in her defense. 
Upon leaving the restaurant, no one said anything. No, "Have a good day," or the traditional and much appreciated (by me, at least) "Thank you for coming." 
The restaurant, in my opinion, lacked the fundamentals that I'd thoroughly enjoyed reading just minutes before. Phil states: "I want you to feel like you are in my backyard eating." Sadly, though, I didn't feel that way, which is a shame because it does seem that, that is surly the atmosphere he is attempting to create.Burger was great. Many different options such as Bison and other wild game burgers, but nothing other than burgers. I tried the meat pies appetizer. They were simple but good. Very friendly staff. $9.99 a person, plus drink.we ordered lunch from them at short notice. we had an order for 11 people , the food was all correct, hot and ready to eat. the young lady on the phone went over my order a number of times to make sure everything was coreect. we will surly order from them againI had the Veggie Burger with grilled veggies on the side a few weeks ago and it was spectacular!  Great beer selection on tap also!What's up with this location? The burgers are great and and it is fun to customize them. Sadly the  apps are not as interesting and some of my favorites are no longer on the menu (zucchini). Also, the biggest issue is that quality of service has deteriorated substantially from when they first opened. Lastly, since when are they not open on a Tuesday or Wednesday Evening? Thursday if you don't want to deal with the trivia mania is unappealing. Seems like they are on their last dying gasp of breath.If you want good burger from Phil's go to MetairieWow! Beer and a burger place. Very well done. Everything is fresh and some great twists on a standard old burger. Buns cooked in house or local daily. Build your own with lots of choices. 
If you have a problem with decisions, or your regular dining companions do, stay away. 8-) That's meant as a compliment to this establishment.My girlfriend and I stayed in NO for a week and made this little trip a culinary one. Phill's burger are most definitely in the top burgers I've eaten. And the best part are the reasonable prices. I've never eaten so much and so well for so cheap. Want a real burger? Stop by phill's grill.Phil's Grill is a burger bar. A nice stop if you're near Camp St. Also nice for lost tourists.I confess that when our daughter and her wife (who live and work in NOLA) said, "Dad!  You have to try Phil's burgers!  They're the best burgers on earth!"; I was taken back to the teenage years when everything was "awesome!".  They are grown women now without hyperbole.  Phil's burgers may be "the best burgers on earth"!
This was family and we came hungry.  Each burger was quartered and shared.  (We're not above taking a bite either.)  One Philet cooked medium rare on a jalapeño bun, romaine lettuce, grilled jalapeño aioli, jalapeño jack cheese (several sauces on the side....my wife went crazy with the choices).  The Philet was lean and juicy.  Not an easy combo.  One Bison cooked medium rare on a whole wheat bun, creole aioli, sautéed onions and Swiss cheese.  The bison burger was my first and was fantastic.  One Lagniappe cooked medium on an onion bun with romaine, blue cheese dressing, blue cheese crumbles.  Again, delicious.  But, the clincher was the Angus burger topped with a red beans and rice served on French bread!  (The B.O.M.?). Remarkable.  Burger genius.  Everyone thinks that should have a permanent spot on the menu.   Everything was cooked to perfection and delicious!  We passed around two orders of fried pickles, one order of sweet potato fries and one order of cheese fries.  The sweet potato fries are the best any of us have had.
Our server was great!  She was attentive without hovering.  She refilled waters and asked if another 'Bita (sic) was needed!  She made suggestions and really made the meal pleasurable.
Mr. Phil,  Your concept and philosophy are spot on.  We ate at your Warehouse location.  We all loved building our own burger.  I've seen the ordering concept before and it works.  Also, having the server review each order is smart.  The choices were over the top!  Ingredients were fresh and flavorful.  Again, our server was friendly, very personable and made great suggestions when asked.  As you know, food aside, they'll make you or break you.  The building is a good size and looks fantastic inside and out.  Very comfortable.  Overall, a job well done.  The girls may be right after all.  See you next visit.Ridiculously good burger that I could not put down. I ordered the angus burger with blue cheese and avocado medium rare and it was irresistible. Phil's also have a great potato salad side that accompanies the burger perfectly. Wash it down with an Abita and you have had a great lunch or dinner. They burgers are a perfect size not to big and not too small, just right. The decor of the place is excellent and classy.  I will definitely be back but not as much as my stomach will want me to.I have a hamburger in every single city I visit, and next time I come back to New Orleans, I'm going straight to Phil's Grill on Camp Street.
They specialize in "build your own" burgers, and their menu system supports that.  You get a menu that you actually circle your choices on, and then hand to the server.
I got a thing called the "Fat City" burger, which is about a half pound burger, stuffed with american cheese, and battered and then deep fried.  I got mine with shredded lettuce and jalapeno aioli, with a white bun so that I could taste everything without clouding things up too much.
I gotta tell ya, this was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. The server said most people can't finish this burger, but I did, and it was perfect.  I ordered mine medium and it was pink in the center, the breading tasted kind of like Brown's chicken breading, which I love,  The aoili was light and not overbearing at all, a perfect complement.
Pop was large and refilled for free, fries were good, shake was creamy and cold.
There cannot be a better burger in New Orleans.
Also, the place was spotless, the staff was courteous and quick.  Utensils were clean, and we were never rushed.  Price was perfectly matched to the meal - good value, too.
Might just go back tomorrow.I'll give 2 stars out of respect for what it use to be. Went in for dinner at around 7 thought wow only 5 tables in here slow night. Should have left then, 20 minutes to get drinks OK I'll give some the owner was having a party at the front bar maybe busy then first thought I'll give some. Another 20 for them to come get our order sheets. 30-35 more minutes to get our food 2 of my toppings are missing waiter no where to be found. Drinks empty waiter no where to be found!! The fact the toppings are missing that it got past 4 people on it's way to me is sad!! Worse my waiter doesn't show up but to hand me the bill with the $4 worth of toppings I didn't get on my now cold half eaten Burger bc for another 30 min he was missing!! Ate my cold wrong food with no drink and wasn't happy about it at all!! Service and food quality has gone down since I first went there in 2007!!  I use to rave about this place, now I'll just stay away and spend my money some place worth $20 hamburger!!Everyone had burgers and they were fantastic.   I ordered the grilled vegetables and they had good flavor and were cooked just right.  The burgers are big (8oz) and you can load up on tons of sauces and condiments.  You'd have to be a big eater to go home hungry.
Service was excellent.  Refills for pops and waters were there when you needed them.
The best part of the evening was how careful the staff was with regards to my son's dairy and peanut allergies.  The cook came out, showed us ingredient labels when he had them and discussed how my son's burger was going to be safely cooked.
Wish we had a location in Ohio.I saw that this burger was picked as one of the favorites in the city by the where y'at magazine and since I'm always on the hunt for a good burger, I decided to give it a try. It's a short mile or so walk from the Quarter, but it was nice to get away from the madness during Mardi Gras. 
Service was pretty decent, but the food is the star of the show. I mean, where else can you get a deep fried, cheesefilled burger with a kingcake milk shake? Seriously, it was pretty awesome.
I like that you can customize your burger to anything and everything that YOU want, it's almost like the Subway of burger places...except the food is actually good. I think if/when I get back to New Orleans, I'll definitely stop at Phil's again for another amazing burger concoction.In New Orleans for training & I felt like just getting a quick bite to eat.  Saw Phil's was close to my hotel & had good ratings.  
Ate at the bar. Bartender was quick & polite.  Ordered a side Caesar (the dressing was a little over done), an Angus burger (delicious & came out exactly the way I ordered it), & a piece of grilled corn (tasted great).  The burgers can be done in a thousand different combinations with everything from gator burgers, french roll b buns, avocado relish, bacon, Crystal wing sauce, etc.  There menu actually has a burger pad built into it.  
The salad kind of was over dressing-ed, but everything was great.  Finished the meal off with a chocolate milk shake.  It was delicious as well. They don't push the culinary envelope in a town known for amazing food, but it was good & quick.  So if you are looking for a burger give it a shot.Went there for a snack after a visit to the WW II museum. Beautiful space and the menu looked great. We only had snacks... Fried pickles, onion strings, wings but they were great. Would definitely go back for more!Awesome burgers! Side of fries you can never go wrong with, potato salad is a hit or miss, have found that the potato can sometimes be undercooked, seasoning is not evenly blended, blah blah blah. So sides aren't always consistent. But you don't go here for the sides, you go here for the burger, made just how you like it!Just a great place to kick back, have a few drinks and enjoy some great sports var food. The beat hamburger I have ever had.Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff. Good food.
Awesome menu to build your own burger, I got the lettuce veggie burger with side of cheese fries and it was great, but difficult to eat. I might try the same ingredients, just get the salad version next time. My friends really liked their regular burgers too.Grilled chicken sandwich was awesome! The Cajun ailoi was yummy and the cheese fries! Our server, Sam, was excellent and all the other servers seemed the same.Stopped in before a wedding next door at the church. Two really good appetizers and some great service started the evening off right.Great menu, friendly service, clean and modern, great music all topped by a fun and creative menu!  My husband had an angus burger and left nothing on the plate. I had a salad with onion strings. The food was very good. Now I wish I had tried the alligator burger! Next time.Killer burger! Paper order sheet let's you have it your way. Bar tender took great care of our group. Thanks Tre!Liked it a lot.  Not sure if it was the usual menu.  Seemed like maybe another person doing the cooking.  Alligator chili was very good.  I had 2 bowls.This restaurant uses a checklist style menu to let you create your own burger. Not only are the burgers top notch, but the staff is friendly and professional. Oh did I mention that the burgers are amazing?!I'm just as happy with this location as I am with the original. The service has always been attentive. The food has always been good except once. I ordered to go & they forgot my pineapple ring. Usually, a no biggie, but that once was when I was craving the pineapple ring the most!
Just some advice, get creative with your burger but if the creation isn't as good as you imagined, the establishment isn't to blame. When taking a chance, you have to know that there's a 50/50 for succeeding and failing.You don't pay extra to eat a side other than fries! Praise the lawd. This is the most versatile burger experience I've ever had. Great selection of meats, sauces, toppings, etc. They play good music too and have a pretty good local beer selection. I'll be back.Picture a filet mignon ground into a burger, then to choose incredible hand-crafted sauces, fresh vegetables and unique and traditional toppings ... You write in your own requests and it is made to order with no mistakes.  Zucchini fries, onion straws, and potatoes skins and more... Plus a full bar.  I forgot to tell you about the homemade shakes!!!  Inexpensive too...Ordered to-go for the first time.  Super friendly staff.  The burger was delicious and not dripping grease, and the seasoned French fries were awesome.  Best part is it only cost $11. Can't wait to come back.So yummy! You could come here every night and still not eat the same thing twice! The build your burger option is fantastic! Thank you for an awesome meal, great service, and a family friendly place to eat! (Party of 7, 3 kids)First of all the service was horrible! I had to get my own menus and pens after sitting for a good 10 minutes( there was 3 people at the bar and 3 tables total in the restaurant) we had two children with us but were not once offered a kids menu, I didn't even realize they had one until I looked it up online after the fact! We were actually just told to write what we wanted for the kids on the back of the paper. We ordered a plain bison patty no bun,no sides for our 4 year old since we didn't even realize there was a kids menu and when the bill came were absolutely blown away that it was 15.99$ just for that ( granted it was bison which is better quality, but still no sides nothing for that price is outrageous). It wasn't until I got online to check if they really just don't offer anything for children that i realized a kids burger is 5$!! I would have gladly paid for a mini burger instead if I had known that was even an option. So disappointed in the whole experience.Perfect experience. We came in at an off hour in between lunch and dinner. Very minimal staff, but still excellent service and food. As always, the alligator burger is delicious. I added a new challenge of making it a lettuce bun only, which the chef prepared perfectly. 
I'm glad there is a Phil's grill closer to NOLA downtown, and I can visit quickly when around.Awesome place.  The hamburgers are great and are prepared rather quickly. I like my burger with sauteed mushrooms and onions.  Also, the bartenders and staff are probably the friendliness and coolest in the city.  Unlike Barcadia, I don't feel uncomfortable even when I am eating alone at the bar.  Rory, Bill and Tre, who work the bar, chat me up and make me very welcome. Very cool guys. Also, even when they are about to close they make sure that they put my order in so I can have dinner.  Or you can call in your order and  it will be ready by the time you get there. Also, the beer they have on tap is pretty cool.  I personally like the Canebreaker beer.  
In New Orleans, it is rare to find a restaurant with friendly staff and good food.  Phil's Grill does it and I highly recommend it. You can't beat their burgers or service.I've eaten a LOT of burgers in my life, and have some pretty high standards. We were vacationing in New Orleans and stopped at Phil's for lunch while touring the nearby WWII museum, and Phil's has moved to the top of my list for burgers. I want to come back to New Orleans again in the future just to get another bison burger here! My wife had the 80% Angus 20% hot sausage burger which also had a great taste (but we both agreed the bison was excellent). Oh, we also got a milkshake which was excellent, though we wish they offered malted versions too!Really good burgers. Convenient location for visitors. I think they are doing a great job and in the top three burger places in the city for sure. Sometimes #1. I ding them for being out of baked potatoes and tater salad just way too often. Staff is top notch!Best burger I have ever had! Had the Fat City burger, a must have. Our server Sam was awesome, a great guy. Make sure you ask for him.AWESOME burger joint! Huge space, would be great for groups. Staff was attentive and professional (not on their phones or talking loudly with each other). Our waiter was energetic and helpful, even bringing us a few dollups of his favorite sauces for us to try. 
I loved the ordering system! It's definitely overwhelming with all the options. I got the lagniappe (2/3 angus +1/3 sausage) on white and my fiance got the alligator on french bread - not a crumb leftover! I especially enjoyed my side of cole slaw - which had a lovely vinaigrette dressing instead of the traditional mayo-based. 
I'm so happy this place is in walking distance of home and we will definitely be coming back.Phil's ROCKS!  Really cool atmosphere and excellent food.  Highly recommend.  The only problem is there are so many interesting choices that I couldn't make up my mind.What a great find!  Awesome customized burgers, a ton of choices, great service.  Portion sizes were gigantic.  If you can dream up a unique burger, this is the spot for you.  Would totally recommend if you're in the warehouse district.Amazing burger. Worth evey penny, trust me, you will not be disappointed.  Bartender Tre is great guy too.Ehhh, I'm really not a big fan of Phil's Grill. However, it should be noted that I'm not really a toppings type o' girl. I prefer to let the meat shine - which I suppose is where it all went downhill...
I love the idea of getting a piece of paper and circling everything you want. It makes ordering so much easier. In addition, the servers are pretty nice. They're helpful, quick on refills, and just nice.
But I really was not a fan of the burger itself. First of all, I couldn't taste either the garlic aioli or the truffle aioli on my burger. I couldn't even taste a mish-mash of the two.
Also, the patties are really big and fat, and while that's nice, it actually makes eating it seriously hard, especially if you get a bunch of toppings. I also got avocado, and it wasn't quite ripe enough to really work on the burger, so they kept falling out and I couldn't smush it down enough. The meat really just didn't have enough flavor for me. They also overcooked mine, even though I circled which option I wanted it cooked too.
And, I was really disappointed in the side of fries. I understand, the side is free with the burger, but... I seriously got like, 11 sweet potato fries. I was planning on sharing a couple with my friend, but I mean, when sweet potato fries are in short order, there's no room for sharing. Also, they weren't cooked right... they were cold and mushy. No bueno. The onion string rings were great, though!
It should be noted that the two people dining with me LOVED it - but they're toppings people. So if you're a topping person, this is your place!! It just isn't mine.What a wonderful experience!!! The build your burger menu is large with a lot of options! I chose the fillet burger which has a mixture of filet mignon and it was delicious!! Definitely recommend! The staff is also very friendly and welcoming.AMAZING!! The build your own burger option is phenomenal. Toppings are unlimited so you can literally stack your burger with whatever you want. The service was kinda slow - probably because it was packed due to Mardi Gras, but the food did not disappoint.I've eaten at all 3 of the Phil's but this one is my least favorite. Service is never the quickest but yesterday 3 of us sat for 45mins before our food came out. If you have a lunch place in the CBD you have to expect people only have an hour lunch. Sadly the two bison burgers were over cooked, one almost burnt.Awesome burger place. You make your burger to order. I had the Philet and cheese fries. Burger tasted really fresh.In a very exciting New Orleans eating development, Phil's Grill opened a downtown location on Camp Street in the CBD. I think Phil's is one of the better burger joints in town (only had Jefferson Parish locations, so adding this one allows me to count it).
As far as food, Phil's has a great variety of burgers. You can choose from angus beef, bison, chicken, mushroom, filet, alligator, etc. You build your own burger by checking off what you want on an order pad and handing to the server. For instance, I'll take the bison, cooked medium, on jalapeno bread with horseradish honey mustard, lettuce, tomato and bacon, as well as jalapeno jack cheese. They have a lot of toppings and sauces and a good selection of sides as well (I really like the grilled vegetables, which is weird for me). I like this place a lot, but I will say, if you just want a regular beef burger, it's probably better to run by Company Burger - better burger, better price. But if you want some fun varieties or if you have a group of people with varying tastes, this is a great place to go. I'm giving it a 40 out of 50 (big score!).
The atmosphere here is very good. It doesn't look like much from outside, but it's a very long, narrow building with extra high ceilings. The building was built in the mid 1800s and once served as a recording studio. The tables are spaced out pretty well, so no need to listen in on everyone else's conversation (unless you want to). I'll give it a 23 out of 30 for atmosphere.
The service was good also; the woman who seated us didn't seem too enthused, but the waiter was great. He knew everything about the menu and rattled off specials (a venison burger....hmm, may have to try that) easily. It wasn't super-fast but decently quick, prefer they cook my burger right rather than fast. I'll give it a 16 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 79 - that's right up at the top for my listings. Well done. (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).Too bad this location closed as it was amazing!  Next time we're in NOLA we'll check out lil' Phil's!While visiting New Orleans for a convention I stumbled upon this place by accident. Bit am I glad We (My Parents were with Me) first of all it's super cute inside and love the concept of building you own burger. Server was named Gail, she was AWESOME! She explained everything We needed to know to get our appetites satisfied. We started with the nachos. Not your typical nachos they use potatoes instead of chips. What a great idea!! 1 word DELICIOUS!!! Then I ordered a turkey burger with about 11 things topping it off n cheese fries. OMG!!! Informally don't eat this way but when I cheating my normal eating I love to enjoy great food and I'm so glad I found this place to make cheating such a experience. My parents shred a grilled chicken sandwich with all the fixings' with sweet potatoes fries along side. We were all Super impressed with our choices of both the this place and the food. That was only the beginning. Service was incredible the place wasn't to busy so when we finished eating, Gail our server too time to chit chat and give us a mental tour n directions they the city plus a little history. All 3 of us loved her!!!  I highly recommend Phil's grill and will definitely stop in when I return to New Orleans!!I have eaten a $60 burger in San Francisco in the restaurant of a very famous tv chef. I can tell you honestly the burgers in Phil's Grill were so much better!!!  Great service. Great space. Great food. We showed up at an odd time and the entire restaurant was almost empty. I always think that's a bad but our food was made hot and fresh.  Perfect restaurant experience.Always excited to have a new lunch spot on the CBD and Phil's did not disappoint. Everything tasted great. I really love that there are healthy options like tuna, veggie, or turkey burger. 
The fries were a great- a thick cut with a little seasoning. So good. I also loved the onion bun the burger came on. 
The server we had- shout out to Ken- was fantastic. From the beginning, he was upbeat and fun. He helped us out by double checking our selections on the menu you fill out, and we noticed we missed a few things. Phew. Then, A food runner brought my boyfriend's burger to the table before my meal was ready (I think they had messed mine up or something and had to redo). Ken was very apologetic (wasn't a big deal to us), and after my food took a bit longer he discounted it without us having to ask...and we probably would have been peeved otherwise at the wait and my bf's food getting cold while he waited on mine. Ken was super nice about it and definitely cared and took initiative, so we were not annoyed at all. Plus, it was worth the wait :)
Best of all, my boyfriend FINALLY enjoyed a turkey burger. He told me he "couldn't tell it was even turkey."  Coming from him, that is major. 
Check out Phil's...you won't be disappointed, and I will definitely be returning!Great place to go with kids. Fun to choose among all the sauces, toppings, and sides. (You can taste as many of the sauces as you want before you choose.) Before 7pm the apps were $1 off; we got a combination of sweet potato fries and the best onion rings ever (the batter was light and didn't add bulk to the rings, and the onion was tender but still a bit firm--not limp--you can tell they started with fresh not frozen onion). I wasn't a fan of the alligator burgers (cooked well as our waiter recommended, the texture was strange to me, too chunky and chewy) but the others in our party thought they were great (sauces: Creole aioli (slightly spicy), and "tiger sauce" which our waiter didn't know the ingredients of). The bison burger (cooked medium, with horseradish honey mustard sauce) was delicious. The only slight ding was the bison was very undercooked initially and had to return to the kitchen. Also recommended: the crunchy coleslaw (no mayo, light & very good). Pleasant warehouse brew pub ambience. Rounded up from 4.5 stars.I'm going to say that for me Phil's is the best burger in New Orleans.  The prices aren't necessarily cheap but they're more reasonable than most of the new burger places in town and for a sit-down restaurant with nice decor, friendly atmosphere,and outstanding burgers $9.75 for a meal (plus drink cost) isn't bad.  When perusing the menu there's a page of appetizers but the main focus here is clearly "make your own" burgers.  Once you're seated you'll take a look at the menu and smartly all the menus have a large pad of order sheets inside so you can fill out your sheet and tear it out for the server.  The options are huge and they claim over a million possible combinations - on my first visit my wife went for a turkey burger with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, havarti, etc. and she said the burger was cooked perfectly and very tasty.  I got a bison burger cooked medium rare with a number of toppings and it was also cooked perfectly and quite good although the Creole aioli didn't add much.  For sides we tried the potato salad (very good, with a little bit of heat) and the fried pickles which were excellent.  Also, every time our sodas were empty someone would quickly refill them which is always nice.
9.75 gets you a regular beef/turkey/veggie/chicken/portabella burger with a ton of different topping options and a side that are all included.  Even a fried egg is included in the base price as are a choice of fries, sweet potato fries, fried pickles, potato salad, coleslaw, veggies, etc.  The burger is a half pound of perfection and while you can pay $13.99 as I did for a burger with "premium" meats such as filet, bison, tuna, or alligator you don't need to.  I've eaten at most of the major burger places around town and I can say that Phil's Grill is head and shoulders above most.  Very nicely done.This burger place was not bad at all. I like how simple it is to write down what kind of burger you want and what you want it. It was great to the last bite. BUT, the service was very sub-par. Our waitress was the hostess as well so we were waiting for quite awhile. She never asked us for refills on our sodas so thankfully we had water as well to wash down our food. We ordered shakes to take with us back to the Hotel which we waited for at least 20 mins because, "the bartender will get to it when he can"...REALLY??  Plus i ordered a CHOCOLATE shake and got Vanilla.  My GF ordered Peanut Butter and got a dob or creamy peanut butter in the bottom of her shake UN-BLENDED.... The bartender was a short guy buzzed head....Go back to school bar tending okay guy?? Cuz you need some better skills. Didn't get names of server or bar slug. Better I don't.Great new place in the Warehouse District.  Phil's is not new to New Orleans, but it is a welcome site to the Warehouse District.  We tried it out last week (1/3/14) and it was fantastic.  The service was excellent (Leslie I think) was very helpful in explaining how the menu works for us first timers.  Everything was so fresh and tasty that I can't wait to go back.  Bar are is very nice too, kind new and still getting in some stock items, but great selection of Draft beers, and wine.  The Burger / Salad and Veggieburger options are endless.  The buns, to include french bread are very fresh, topping were great and best of all, they really know how to build it correctly. They don't just pile everything on top, cold veggies on bottom and hot items, like grilled onions and cheese on top, many sauces to pick from and the fries were hot and crisp. You can even get a fried egg on top, which I will try next time.  Definitely a 5 star burger joint for me. Cant wait to hit it again soon, and waddle all the way home.This is a really great space and you can really just hang out in here like its a bar.  They have decent beer prices here that are far better than many other Warehouse district locations and it doesn't seem to draw the same crowd of douchebags and randos like some other bar locations in the area have.  The Phil's burgers are generally very nice and I like this location a lot more than their original Metairie space.  I never would've guessed it would've been so nice and actually so comfortable a place to just hang out and drink beer so I would suggest giving it a try.A friend of mine recommended Phil's Grill to me and said I had to try this place that it was one of the best burgers he has ever had. So I decided to try it out for myself and I must say he was absolutely correct. I had the philet ground burger and it was amazing. Will definitely go back to this place.I am a chef that was visiting nola for the Halloween weekend and stumbled across this hidden gem. I would rate the food and the people top notch. I had a great time and the juiciest burger I have ever had. And a strawberry shake to die for10 people in the  whole place. Waiter could find his ass with a map. Doesn't matter if the food is good or not now. No silverware. Had to go to the kitchen to get sour cream for the potato skins. Out of every bun I ordered. Finally had wheat on the third try. Don't waste your time or stress level. You will leave pissed.If you like burgers. This is the place to be. From angus to grill chicken to bison and alligator. You can custom your burgers on almost everything and even a lettuce bun for those who want a burger easy on the belly yet oh so delicious. Come here for your burger fix. Everyday! It's gastronomicAbsolutely delish!!! Build your own burger exactly the way you want it, you can't go wrong. Roasted corn with cilantro butter was amazing!I walked over to this place on a Tuesday night at 730 and it was closed, I don't think it's still in business as it looks really empty.
Update: Phil's was nice enough to email me to let me know they weren't open for dinner on Tuesday. Yelp had them listed as open so I'd call ahead before heading over. I'm going to make it there before I leave as the food sounds really good.  3 stars based solely on good customer service.I have eaten at Phil's twice and had two very different experiences.
On my first visit, we had a bubbly and attentive server who took her time to explain to us the menu and give recommendations. I ordered the bison burger which was cooked exactly how I ordered it and the flavors of each topping and their quantity was perfect.
The second visit, our server was much less attentive and a bit strange. He also had no front teeth which very well could be from a recent injury or something, but it was not appetizing to look at. We ordered a shake which never came out. I ordered a salad with Ahi which came out cooked well done the first time, and medium the second, even though I ordered it medium rare and I never send food back. The cook made this right by giving me a voucher for a free burger, so kudos to that. 
I recognize Phil's emphasis is burgers, but with many people who enjoy salads and not many good places to get them here in NOLA I think they're missing an opportunity by not adjusting the toppings to work better on salads. I got tomato, red onion, and bell peppers on my salad, but they were still sliced as if they were going to be toppings on a burger which made it difficult to eat especially in the bowl it was served in. More dressing choices would be a bonus too!
The dixie cup is delicious. I will be back to Phil's I just need a little break.Can we just talk about their Zapp'd chicken? I mean they are taking one of the nation's greatest chips, crushing it up, and breading chicken breasts with it.  Then they deep fry the whole thing. I mean, I don't even need the bread or any of their amazing toppings to go along with it. You could plop that chicken on a dirty napkin and serve it to me, and I'd eat it happily. 
I had my chicken on their jalapeño bun with crystal hot sauce, avocado ranch, tomato, caramelized onions, spinach, and jalapeño jack cheese.  To die for. 
Unfortunately and fortunately for me, I live two states away.  If I didn't, I would probably eat here at least once a week.Great atmosphere. The service and food were also great. We ordered four burgers and customized them with the many choices they offer. The zucchini fries were crisp and crunchy. A perfect pairing with an interesting texture. Phil's does not disappoint.Kommentaren gäller endast burgaren. Fantastisk färska, suveräna tillbehör. Vad mer finns det att säga...Best burger ever!!!! Everything is fresh and the service is excellent. Wings are great too!!Brought my daughter in to visit and really liked the food and staff. As previously stated in other reviews be creative and go for the gusto!!BEST BURGER PRICE/VALUE IN THE AREA: huge at 8ozs w/side, splittable: $9.75!
OVER A MILLION COMBINATIONS, literally, as you build your own burger;
100% WIRED IN! Mobile app, take-out, rewards, 4-7 happy hour, gluten frees, etc.
PREDICTION: locally owned Phil's Grill, if it doesn't waiver from it's efficient & affordable build-your-own format, will be a 50+ year Warehouse Dist. institution. Why?
CHOICES! For just $9.75 you've over 75 burger or salad options (plus a side), such as:
1) Meat: angus, angus/andouille, mushroom, veggie, chicken, stuffed & deep fried, etc
2) Bun: white, whole wheat, onion, jalapeño, French, or fat free hollowed lettuce head 
3) Sauce: Crystal, BBQ, red pepper aioli, ranch, horsey honey, tiger, creole, truffle, etc
4) Cheese: bleu, jack, american, havarti, cheddar, swiss, herb goat, parmesan, etc.
5) 1 Side: tater salad, sweet potato/plain fries, onion strings, slaw, grilled veggies, etc.
AND LAGNIAPPE UNLIMITED TOPPINGS: chives, red onion, pickles, romaine, tomato, pineapple, spinach, fried egg, onion rings, croutons, slaw; sautéed: mushrooms, onions, jalapeños; shredded: lettuce, cabbage; (Aw heck! Get 'em all!)
WHY WOULD ANYONE EVER EAT AT BURGER KING OR MCDONALDS AGAIN?