Ordered through uber eats due to the fact I can't drive at the moment, I got the chicken banh mi, stir fried salmon, and Thai iced tea. The banh mi (sandwich) was ok it was not that good to me. I have had plenty is banh mi's back at home they were delicious but this one seemed more of an actual po' boy than a Banh mi. I don't know if it were the bread which threw me off. But the chicken was very bland...had no flavor. The cilantro was withered wasn't fresh and crunchy, no peppers were in my sandwich and the vegetable that were supposed to be pickled were mediocre. The Thai tea was delicious, and the stir fried salmon was pretty good although the carrots that came with that plate, tasted like they were spoiled and they were super soft. I had to spit it out. I was highly disappointed l lowkey feel like my money was wasted. Next time I'll try this other Vietnamese spot on the West Bank read the reviews they were pretty good. Would I go back? Issa no for me....but if I do I'll just order a Thai tea and keep it pushing. It's a hard pass for me.Delicious chicken pho! My husband had the pork vermicelli and it was also quite tasty! The frozen watermelon bubble tea was artificially over sweetened - probably won't order again.A new pho place popped up on my radar, so you know I had to check it out.
Pho Kang is located in the same building that used to house Pho Orchid. Someone said that they thought it was the same place, with a different name, but I'm not sure. I stopped in for lunch and there was no one else in here. I started with an order of grilled pork spring rolls and Vietnamese coffee and I got a regular bowl of rare beef and brisket pho for my entree.
The spring rolls were excellent- packed with fresh ingredients and the pork didn't have a weird grill after taste that I've noticed that it has elsewhere. The pho was great! The regular bowl was small and the perfect size for lunch and the meat was generous and the broth was flavorful. I really enjoyed it and it's one of the better "new" bowls that I have tried lately.
Service is fast and friendly, making this a great lunch stop.I love this place! We were in town for a bachelor party.  The wings are insane.  Also, try the banh mi!Fell in love with this place after stumbling on it accidentally. Family friendly and delicious food. Highly recommend!!!The food was good and fresh. Very happy they had a veggie Pho option - not common at most Vietnamese restaurants. 
They don't offer any fresh juices which was a bit of a surprise and disappointment.Definitely the best Pho/Banh Mi in New Orleans!  Everything we ate was incredible!  Do yourself a favor and get the Sweet-Heat Korean Chicken wings!This place has been several Vietnamese restaurants in succesion.  This incarnation has an above average amount of chicken in their Pho Ga.  During Mardi Gras they made me happy as they actually allowed table dining during the insanity instead of only offering "to go" like the prior restaurant Pho Orchid had been doing.  Service was friendly and attentive and so far it seems to be running better than the past restaurants.I stopped in during parades yesterday and they were serving their full menu! I picked up a couple of jello shots (don't judge), grilled shrimp banh mi and tofu spring rolls.
The jello shots were tasty. The spring rolls were HUGE...and delicious. And the banh mi was good but a little light on the fillings for me. 
Staff was really nice and the space has not altered since this was Pho Orchid. I liked that the TVs in the bar were showing 2 different food shows while I waited.I'm mad for their Pho! Had it all over the US and Vietnam; this is by far one of my top five favorites!!!  Yummy food, nice, quiet location, near the Hop on/off tour bus so stop in!!!Great Pho! We ordered to go because we love take out! Great food while sitting in the comfort of my home! 
So, we ordered the grilled pork and rice plate, pho with tendons/ beef , stir fried chicken with rice, egg rolls and summer rolls. Excellent  pho with extra tendon. Deep umami flavored broth and delivered piping hot and packaged to go. They are the first to get pho to go right. Also, one of the few pho restaurants that still serve tendon.  The char grilled pork and the stir fried chicken were ok... the summer rolls were tasty and fresh! I would definitely recommend going here for Pho! But don't go this week. They're on vacation! We went back the next day for more Pho only to discover they were closed for a week!Loved the tofu over rice - some of the best I've had in Nola.  Bubble tea was great, too.Found this place after the Mardi Gras. They do have a full boba menu and specials listed at the bar counter. My bf and I ordered Pho, Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and egg rolls. The food was ok. We ended up not using any of the garnishes for the noodle because the bean sprouts were quite brown in color and broken up. 
*Also, this place does offer a full bar and televisions for you right at the bar.I've had a lot of Pho. This was definitely one of the best I've had! The prices are good and the services was also!
Plus, they serve bubble tea! It's has a great location.  I was staying at a near by hotel and it was in easy walking distance.B1 Chargrilled Park was very delicious! The dumplings we're also very good but I've had better. Will def. order from here again.Best Pho in New Orleans!  We had the pho and the grilled pork with vermicelli. The pho was very flavorful and tasty. The grilled pork was also very tasty. Highly recommended.Came here because our AirBnB was across the street and we wanted something good before going out partying for the night. It was everything we wanted and then some! Fast, reliable, delicious! And soooo cheap! It was pho at its best! Could not have been happier with all the options too! And there is a bar if you are there alone and dont want to take a whole table.I love my neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant! I'm picky about my tofu and theirs is one of the best! Their prices are VERY affordable and staff are very amicable even when I run in to grab a pick up order.Last night  was the 5th time I had gone to this PhoKang place.  Twice I went on a Monday and they were closed.  Closed on Mondays is not uncommon, no problem. I obviously didn't check their hours those days.  But when your website, Yelp, & Trip Advisor all say you close st 9 pm, every single night (except mondays & sundays at 8:30) then you should close at that time!  Last night was the 3rd time this has happened to me at Pho Kang on a non-Monday.  Once over the summer, they were closed for a few days because its summer, understandable.  Im in the service industry, I completely get it. It's really quiet in the summers here in New Orleans. 
About 3 weeks ago I tried, they closed early & again last night!  I cannot believe you close early.  I don't just mean 5 or 10 minutes early but a half hour early, at 8:25/8:30, when you should close at 9 pm.....  and the lady working shrugged and said sorry .  I will never go back !  There are soooooo many other great Vietnamese places I can go to in this city.  I want to support my neighborhood spots but this is not a business I want to support. 
I'll be taking all my business elsewhere.My friend and I stopped in on Fat Tuesday to get some food between parades, as this is right on the parade route. They were fairly busy as you had to buy a pass to the restroom if you needed it but not ordering food, which is completely understandable. The guy got pho, and a Vietnamese iced coffee, I got the yakisoba and a Thai iced bubble tea. Everything was so delicious! They have a full bar and were selling jello shots as well. The egg rolls we got were hot and fresh. Everything was neat and clean inside, including the restrooms.
One nasty part of the Carnival season did happen while the guy and I were here. A nasty side affect called a brawl. In the women's restroom, I am not sure who provoked whom, but two grown ladies, and one small child were in there. The lady with the child stayed until the police showed up, but the staff members were all over separation of the two ladies, and one left saying nasty things. The police did quickly show up. I hope all turned out well. But, remember people, just be nice to each other. Being ugly never helps any one.
All in all, I look forward to coming back, if I am in the area again at meal time. The staff were very friendly and service was lightening fast.I'll give this a thumbs up for a nice, simple pho. Appears to be popular with locals - as a number stopped in for take out. Clean spartan seating. Chicken pho was yummy, and small bowl was enough for one.The worst banh mi just bread and shrimp. No taste whatsoever. Spring rolls were average. Do not recommend.Wow! Needed a break from the heavier local food and stumbled across this restaurant. So happy we went! I had to check yelp first to see if they have a vegetarian broth option and they did! It was probably the best pho I've ever had! If it's a little cool in New Orleans and you need a nice, clean(ish) and warm meal, stop by!Great location, a couple feet away from the hotel we were staying at. The vegetable spring rolls and beef pho was good. Nice decor in the restaurant and good customer service.This was the best Pho Kang restaurant I've been to. My favorite dish was the Pho Kang chicken, although they were out of the Pho Kang beef. It was hard to find a Pho Kang parking spot, but once we were seated it was the best Pho Kang meal I've ever had.Being a Vietnamese-American, I wouldn't consider this authentic pho. It is very oily in my opinion, and you don't get much meat with your pho. The service is great though. However, I wouldn't recommend the Vietnamese coffee. It's overly sweet and has a very weird aftertaste.I order from them at least once a week. Their pho broth is delicious and spring rolls are always super fresh!I was visiting NOLA and walking around the garden District and me and my sister decided to grab lunch here. Now I have to give 3 stars for service which wasn't that great . The food was pretty decent and serving sizes were pretty good . Now I live in a area that has a lot of Vietnamese spots so I eat it pretty often. Typically when I order fried egg rolls it usually comes with lettuce, cilantro and fish sauce . I had to actually as for those items because I was only served Thai chili sauce . I ordered the Vermicelli and my sister ordered the Pho which were both pretty good and nice size portions . The broth for the Pho was good and didn't really need any extras in it as far a seasoning.  All In all the food was good .I ordered vermicelli from there. The food tastes very bland and the little bit of fish oil they did give, had a funny smell to it. I do not recommend ordering vermicelli.First time here for Pho. Had a craving and was very satisfied. The service was most excellent and the price was very reasonable, especially for being on St. Charles Ave. The one and only drawback was the rare beef was already cooked when the pho broth was brought to the table...and it wasn't rare. I prefer to add the thinly sliced eye of the round to my bowl, as I eat. Other than that, I recommend 
this place and will definitely return! Oh and also, this place was very clean and quietWorst food ever. I ordered delivery. We ordered raw beef pho. Tastes like salt water with hoisin sauce. Did not receive cilantro and bean sprouts. Also ordered the grilled rice with chicken, pork and shrimp. Chicken was dry, shrimp bland and pork chop burnt. They give you too much rice compared to the main dish. The shrimp rolls were ok.This is the best Vietnamese place I have ever been to! The lady who runs the place is the nicest human ever! When we got there it was pretty empty for lunch and we didn't have to wait long at all! The outside doesn't do the restaurant justice, it is so clean inside with amazing natural light and beautiful artwork along the walls. I ordered the meatball pho which was amazing and an appetizer of spring rolls with grilled shrimp which were also amazing. The food is authentic and at a great price. I also recommend the milk tea bubble tea! Such an amazing find and gem, could not give this place a better review! A must stop place for anyone who likes Vietnamese food!It wasn't bad. Not authentic either. The noodles were a little cold and the Siracha was a little stale. Good hungover food though.We did not eat here but got bubble teas. How awesome is it that you can step out of Igors and grab a bubble tea?  
They are affordable, staff is polite and the place is super clean.   They are in a great location to grab a beverage and take a stroll down the avenue to take in some choice people watching. 
Next time we will try the food. I'll update this then.Their pho is pho-nomenal!!! The aroma hits you right when you enter! It's very flavorful and delicious. Eating their hot bowl of pho especially in this cold weather we've been having it absolutely the best! They also have delicious sliders and spring rolls.Went out on a limb and tried a new place....I shouldn't have! Ordered the veggie pho, added shrimp, since there was no shrimp pho option by itself. The shrimp were tasteless. I've never had cabbage in pho, and hope to never again. The broth is very bland and unfortunately I didn't ask for extra hoisin sauce! Also got the pork fried egg rolls and the meat was pink, I only ate one, don't really trust that it was fully cooked.Visiting nola and taking a break from the southern and seafood.. pho was ok and boba was good, but not as good as the pho in San Jose or Las Vegas.  I would eat here again because it's close to my hotel.  The chicken wings was on point..Came in from Austin for the weekend and had an outstanding experience here. Food was delicious!Ordered to go. Food was horrible. Egg rolls completely burnt. Black. Why would you even serve that?? Chicken bahn mi dry, bland, and lacking substance. Mostly bread.  
Can't wait for covid to be over so I can go back to better options. Never eating here againTried to order from this place twice now. They kept delaying my order for almost TWO HOURS until they finally cancelled with no explanation. Just tried again and they continued to delay again. Finally arrived after over an hour. It was lukewarm and disappointing. This is my "shrimp" pho with four total shrimp. Don't waste your time or money on this place. There are 100s of way better Pho places in the city.Very clean restaurant! The outside does not look the best but again it is light and airy inside the restaurant. The chicken pho was very good and I would come here to get it again. The large size was very big and I had trouble finishing even half of it! I would definitely come here again!Love it! Delicious hot food and friendly, welcoming service. This is only a few blocks from home so it will likely become a regular self care splurge spot when I'm having a hard day. There's nothing like a steaming bowl of pho to warm up one's spirits. 
I tried the small veggie pho with added tofu. The broth was flavorful and there were plenty of vegetables like cabbage, broccoli, and carrots with the usual toppings--basil, bean sprouts, and fresh jalapenos. The tofu was my favorite part. It was cut in larger chunks than that in Lilly's pho (which is my gold standard), and I prefer my tofu thicc like that. 
Prices are reasonable. Only 10.50 for my meal with the tofu added.So glad there's a pho place close to where I work and being on a busy street I was surprised on how well the quality was! Def full of flavor. I got a small and the portion was good and reasonable. I also got a Vietnamese coffee and to my surprise again it came in a nice large cup. Def will be back. The service was also spectacular! Hieu def was in her groove that day :)After a long day of walking around, site seeing, we were excited to find this gem a few doors down from our hotel. The place was immaculate and the service was spectacular- not even exaggerating! We started with steamed shrimp dumplings and shrimp spring roles then enjoyed the very tasty shrimp pho. The broth alone was so tasty- no sauce needed! Finished the meal with a coconut mango bubble tea. Will definitely come back!Sloppy delivery food and not authentic taste!
Visiting New Orleans got in late and this was the only restaraunt available for delivery.I ordered their vermicelli and it was pretty bland! It wasn't bad, but there were small issues that could be fixed. There was too much lettuce in comparison to the other veggies, and the noodles weren't cooked properly as they were super sticky in clumps. Also, their fish sauce tasted super watered down. I haven't tried any of their items, but I was a little disappointed with their vermicelli.This place is delicious!!! The best item that we had (and we ordered from here 3x in our short stay at the hotel next door) was the Pork Banh Mi (sandwich) omg the way the meat is marinated is FIRE!!! So good. My bf and I ate our first one walking on the sidewalk and we're raving about it bite for bite. We also got beef pho and fried egg rolls another time, both of which were authentic and tasty. The Vietnamese ice coffee is also legit! I am Vietnamese and we spent a few weeks there for a trip earlier this year- Pho Kang's pork banh mi took us back for sure. Bell was the woman who took our orders each time; she remembered everything we asked for and is so kind & easy going! Thank you!I ordered to go, and my pho was so salty, i didn't eat it. My bahn mi was not toasted and had no flavor, my pork was very fat and chewy.I live in Louisville Ky, touched down for vacation and as soon as my plane touched down, I got my rental car and drove right over to Pho Kang! Just what I needed is what I received! Great food and great service. Great quality and great service is an A+ in my book. I'd strongly recommend Pho Kang as a great place to bring family and friends to eat.Ordered Uber Eats from this place and it was amazingly good. The rare beef pho was absolutely perfect. They have one of the best tasting pho broths I have had. I also ordered the dumplings which were also great. A great affordable delivery option.After drinking all day and night, this hit the PHO KANG spot! Party of 12 and it all came out quickly! Pho was good, Banh mi was a little dry but over all was good and definitely would eat againFood took forever when I got mine wasn't hot anymore, my girlfriend had gotten shrimp pho with vegan broth that made her want to throw up just by the smell.While visiting New Orleans I randomly stopped in to try this place out. I eat Vietnamese food at least twice a week and this was some of the better viet food I had. Everything was freshly made and delicious. Our server was super sweet and constantly smiling. I really enjoyed this place. I will for sure be back.I was in New Orleans and I was experiencing a persistent cough and it was cold and rainy outside. Time for Pho!!! I ordered thru GrubHub to deliver the Brisket Pho, egg rolls and dumplings. It was OUTSTANDING!!! I always know where to gor Po-Boy sandwiches, fried catfish and shrimp, and a good hamburger...now I can add a great location for Pho to my list of go-tos.Haven't been for a couple years for no reason at all, except being out of town with relatives about a quarter of the time.  The food was so good, the virus has us ordering out much more and doing pickup a lot more.  Here is Easter and they are open!  Yum.Really excellent food. The decor inside is great. The service is amazing. The place was clean. I recommend this place. I would so come back here again.The dining room here is pretty dreary. The food and service was ok. My daughter found a hair on her plate, under her dumplings.Well done Pho Kang! Easily better broth than we could get living in Phoenix. The texture of the noodles were like silk, just perfect. Missing the tendon and tripe I typically order when dining in for Pho but all the flavors were there.This was yummy y'all! I came in here with my bff because we both like Pho and it was just a few steps from where we were staying (Avenue Plaza). 
We sat where we wanted, our order was taken immediately and drinks were brought quickly. We both devoured our food. She had the meatball pho, and I had the vegi pho. We were both pleased. 
I noticed that they also have bubble tea, which I will probably try during Mardi GrasOnce again I sought to appease my Vietnamese comfort food cravings. I had the fried  pork spring rolls. They were fresh, crisp to perfection, and tasty. They were still hot upon arrival. A great opener for my favorite vermicelli noodle with chargrilled pork. I love the veggies and sauce combined with the chargrilled pork that has just a bit of heat on the backend. Just enough to get your attention but not enough to stop you from taking another bite. I'm full and satisfied. I've found a new spot to add to my vermicelli bowl fix list. A great casual take out experience