First off, 2 stars isn't bad; as yelp says, it's "meh. I've experienced better." Maybe it's cause I had high expectations already since apparently one of their menu items was on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" for Emeril?
Anyway, we shared a Bahn Mi, and I asked for no mayo on half the sandwich cause I personally strongly dislike mayo on anything. When we got our sandwich, there was mayo on the whole thing, and when we tried to ask what happened, one of the ladies in the kitchen said it's good with the mayo so that's why she didn't take it off and for me to just eat it with the mayo. Umm... I know I don't like it, and it's not my first viet sandwich, so I wasn't really too happy with eating something that I know wasn't my preference...
So then we got our main dishes. My bf had the pho ga [pho with chicken; the dish that Emeril proclaimed was one of the best things he ever ate], and he was pretty disappointed, but at least his stomach felt better after (he had a stomach ache). I tried the chicken in the pho, and it was, again, meh. I had bun [rice noodle salad] with eggroll and beef, which was pretty good, but I was kinda not too happy already so it wasn't as enjoyable as should have been.
Maybe it was an off day?One of New Orleans greatest hidden gems! Awesome pho! Family owned and operated for years! Excellent !A large place that was very packed but they did seem to have enough waiters to attend the tables in a timely manner.
Food was very bland.  I like my pho to be bold but I find most pho places play it safe and give out very bland broth.  So they are on average with pho but even the lemongrass beef was bland.  Not very flavorful as I'd like it to be.  So I'd have to say the food is so so.  
Cost is about average with other restaurants.I'm not a particular lover of Asian cuisine, but my kiddo used to drag me here all the time.  I loved their veggie soup and the crunchy spring rolls...full order AP5 please.  I knew it was closed, due to driving by and finding sadly it was shuttered and dark :(.
I had heard the rumors too that they had re-opened, however when I just called the telephone number, I was expecting to get an automated response, we've changed our number to .... however that was not the case.  I spoke with a gentlemen, and my guess would be the previous owner and he said the restaurant was closed and did not indicate it would be opening again.
A sad, sad day indeed.I just wish there was an option to give 'half-stars":  I would give this place 4 1/2 stars...
Having said that, I really like this restaurant.  The most important feat is honest, well-cooked, delicious food without pretensions, as good as any  affordable Vietnamese restaurant can be.  The Pho is excellent in its different varieties; most cooked dishes I've ordered work, are well-seasoned and portions are plentiful; and attention tends to be prompt and courteous.  Don't go there expecting flashy decoration... just go hoping for great food, and you will not be disappointed.
They have some restrictions with groups paying with different credit cards (a maximum of four cards, or something like that, per group?  Can't remember).I found myself on the west bank for work and heard Pho Tau Bay was the bees knees for Vietnamese food. It;s located in a strip mall so its a little hard to find for first timers. A server seats you and waits on you but you pay at the register identifying yourself by your table number. They were busy during lunch rush with almost every table occupied. The food tasted very fresh and what you would expect from a Vietnamese place. We were in and out in a flash so its good if you are on a time crunch but still want yummy food.The shrimp spring rolls are to die for and the pho is flawless. I have experienced the chicken and beef tenderloin. The service is great and the relaxing vibe is awesome. Hey if it's good enough for Bordain it's good enough for me. Do yourself a favor and head to the west bank for the best best pho in the city, Minh is good this better.Pho hit the spot.....like the fast serviceThe food is great and the staff is really friendly.  The prices are super reasonable, too.  I get the medium rare beef pho with extra meat and a large limeade.  The lemon grass beef spring rolls are tasty, as is the charbroiled beef bon mi.  I do venture out of these faithful menu items, and have never been disappointed.i ordered the com bo luc lac and it was the WORST I have ever had. Food was only slightly warm and the beef was a gray color with a slight foul taste.Totally worth the drive to the West Bank.
Delicious pho, delicious Vietnamese coffee, delicious tofu rolls, great service.It's not Duong Phong or Tan Dinh but it is on the eastbank. The food is good, but isn't going to ever knock our New Orleans East or Westbank institutions off their No 1 perch.I've been eating here for over a decade now. While I miss the convenience of having a few locations around town, this was always the best one to get a group of friends together and enjoy a hot bowl of Pho.
Over the past few years I've gotten a little more adventurous with my selections, but if I've had a bad day I'll always be drawn to my personal favorite from their menu, the PTB Won Ton. I'm not sure what they do differently from other places, but it's soothes my soul when I sit down to have a bowl. I have a tendency to over order though, so I'll almost always end up taking a bit of food home for a bit more food later in the day.
The Soda Chanh is great, and really hits the spot when the weather is hot and miserable, and the Coffee is great for those few bitter cold days we get each year.Is it odd that  New Orlean's preeminent (or at least most popular )Vietnamese restaurant is owned by an American (and Vietnam vet at that) and his Amerasian children? Not at all, as we all love a gumbo here! Seriously though, while there is no aesthetic charm to the low slung, strip mall inhabiting, linoleum surfaced cafe, the food more than makes up for it.
      I won't even bother listing dishes, other than to say the pho is very good, the bun (in all its permutations ) is great, the spring rolls are mighty fine and the huge menu offers myriad more charms than these warhorses of the cuisine de indochine.
     Chances are, anytime you dine here, you will be surrounded by film workers, and believe me-we know a good lunch when we see it.Really good pho! I'm glad I found this place while in New Orleans. Hope to come back someday.Food was fantastic, first time trying pho and won't be the last. Can't wait to come
Back and eat again :-)Not worth waiting pho. 
Don't get me wrong, the pho here is satisfying. However, I could drive to the West Bank, order, eat, pay, and be back downtown in the hour I would be waiting in line at PTB. If the owners wanted their restaurant model to be like Pei Wei, they should have spent some time there to see how the process is expedited. With the kitchen they have. (~50 unique menu items. I counted TEN different broths the kitchen would have to maintain) I'm surprised they haven't already collapsed under their new system. 
I really don't understand the cult following. I'll be back if/when the opening kinks are cleared up, or only order take-out during off-hours. 
Also, merging the new and old business' Yelp page/reviews is unscrupulous at best.You can see from the other reviews of this place that it is very good. On top of that it is very good consistently. Sure it isn't full of golden idols and pretty wall paper but the Pho can not be beat. The other dishes are also very authentic and leave you with the feeling on your tongue that you just tasted a dream. 
When ever I am in a city for more than a few days I always try to find the local Pho. I have been to many Vietnamese restaurants but I have never found one that was any better than this one as far as the quality of the food goes. 
The staff is just fine and totally acceptable. It is run by a family that is half Vietnamese and half American. The old man puts out the food and his son and his wife run the floor and the register. 
They are a real fixture on the West Bank of New Orleans, since the place has been there for years.I think the Pho is amazing. Really the top. It is not something I grew up eating so I may not be as discriminating or knowledgable as others, but I really look forward to this place.
Always busy at lunch, I would come from uptown to Gretna to eat here. The portions are huge and that Pho will HIT the spot. Hungover? I used to grab burgers and fries, now I also go for Pho to cure me. Love the sprouts, herbs, noodles, jalapenos, sriracha, everything in generous amounts.
This place was recommended to me and definitely met the mark so now I am very happy to recommend it to others. It is a nice family operation there! PS no separate checks! Very old school.Amazing beef pho!! I never want to order anything else every time I come in. Service is always friendly and fast. I wish they delivered, though. The location is goofy but everyone seems to know about Pho Tau Bay.I'm thrilled to have found a place that will pacify my craving when it hits.  I LOVE pho. It's good when you're under the weather.  It's good when you had too many cocktails the night before. It's good when youre starving. It's good when you're not that hungry. It's good the next day, re-heated, when you were over-ambitious and ordered the extra large. And yes, it's even good when it's 100 degrees out.
The Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) is really exceptional here. I've had a lot in my day. I don't like when the chicken is fatty and greasy. Pho Tau Bays' chicken is very lean and white. The broth has a little something special too; it tastes very satisfying without being rich. Pho Ga coupled with some grilled shrimp spring rolls and a jasmine ice tea arrived lickety-split and were devoured just as quickly.
Coming for the first time? Make sure to plan ahead and know where you're going. The strip mall parking lot looks like an Unsloved Mysteries re-enactment where someone got sliced and diced. Also, the kitchen shuts down at 8:30 and they are closed at least two days a week.   Details, details. I can't wait to go back!Delicious! Tasted very fresh. Extensive menu, kid friendly, quick service. So glad we came!This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant! The food is wonderful, fresh and delicious. The restaurant is family owned and they're all such lovely people. We used to live on the Northshore and drive the hour to the westbank just to eat here. It's that good! Excellent food, excellent service, not so wonderful location. Totally worth it! I reccomend the spring rolls, pho and bun.I went for lunch today. The food was outstanding (Goi Ga).Yummy!
 The service fast and friendly, and the prices reasonable. I will definitely go back.I've been back several times from my original review and I have to say that they definitely fixed the service speed issue - all the food comes out fairly quickly now, even during a busy lunch hour. I've also had a chance to try their Goi Ga (a chicken cabbage salad) that is really delicious with the grilled chicken. If you come here for lunch I recommend getting a fountain drink and filling up the cup with their jasmine tea - I can't get enough.I eat lunch here often- it is worth the trip across the bridge.  They are consistent & efficient, even during the lunch rush. Really good food, really friendly people, easy on the wallet.I'm updating again a year later as we decided to give this place another try last night based on the recommendation from my roommate. Going into the place I thought that maybe I missed something last time or maybe the food has improved and I LOVE Pho and Bun so I was eagerly anticipating dinner.
Unfortunately it was exactly the same as last year when we stopped in for the first time. The food here is very, very standard fare with nothing exceptional. There's nothing really wrong with the food, but also nothing cravable. Last night a friend and I had the soup and I was really disappointed because it was filled with loads of noodles and 4 pieces of chicken and nothing else. I'm used to soups with lots of fresh herbs, veggies and flavor and we both ended up eating the broth out and leaving a ton of the noodles because there were just way too many of them for anyone to eat. 
My partner had the fried rice and it just tasted like standard chinese fried rice. He loves the fried rice at Magazin and this was really kind of yucky and greasy and small. 
We also ordered fried egg rolls, and fresh spring rolls with Tofu and the regular pork/shrimp fresh rolls. The fresh rolls were both good but again I forgot that I didn't like the fried ones last time and I also didn't like them this time. They were soggy and really ground up meat heavy.
For simple, fresh Vietnamese food,go to Magazin on Magazine Street. It has much higher quality food and also a much better atmosphere for about the same price (Magazin is cheaper).So good, never disappoints. Owner + wife are quite welcoming. Love this place for lunch but wish they were still on the east bank...So glad to have this place over on the East bank now!  I just had their bahn mi bo kho (beef stew with warm french bread) and it was AMAZING.  Prices are very reasonable, service is quick and friendly, and I appreciate how thorough the menu is.  I'm excited to explore all the different types of Vietnamese food I haven't tried yet.  But for real, it's going to be hard not to order the bo kho every time!Pho Tau Bay is closing in a few weeks, and relocating to somewhere on Tulane Ave.  Does anyone know where on Tulane?Great place, I have been going to Pho Tau Bay since I was a kid. Now that they have moved the place is still great and the new decor is cool.I don't think I have quite the cult-like adoration of Pho Tau Bay that a lot of folks have, but for real, I'm always really happy when one of my friends is like "I'm hungry. Want to meet me at Pho Tau Bay?" Cuz the answer is always YES. Even though I get lost literally every time I drive out there and start cursing once I realize I've missed the exit miles back, get off at Barataria, and then backtrack several miles. 
It had been a minute since I'd been here, but the other night I got spring rolls and pho tai (medium-rare beef). I'm not convinced the beef was cooked medium-rare--probably more like medium-well, but it was still very tasty. I'm no pho expert, and I've heard that their pho is vaguely Americanized, but I'd still give it a thumbs-up. In the past I've usually gotten the bun (noodle bowl with meat), which I've always thoroughly enjoyed.
Driving to the West Bank is sometimes a pain (and I feel like I always have to justify that toll back across the bridge), but Pho Tau Bay makes it totally worth it.This was my first time ordering pick up from this restaurant! I ordered the well done brisket pho. I literally got three pieces of meat for the whole soup...it was definitely overpriced! I mean I can see how they get over on the other people but I've tried quite a few pho places around the city and this one was definitely the worst...and the location on the corner makes picking up a little difficult maybe they had a parking lot in the back or something but the street parking is not ideal at all. It's just really disappointing cause there's so many other better pho places and I went to this one lol I will not be coming backI had the pleasure of enjoying Pho, WOW! The flavors were sublime. In fact my first experience with these most awesome cuisine. I'm hooked and ill take some fried egg rolls to go please. I will return and then some.
......Was not impressed by this place. The food is pretty bland and I think the portions are somewhat small (rice plates). I did not like the Jasmine tea (bitter). I've been there twice and will try other pho places from now on.Its cool for Pho if you're on the WestBank and hard up, but there are most definitely WAAAAYYYYYY better places to have Vietnamese cuisine. If you're looking for something quick and cheap this will do...just don't expect 5 stars.I kept hearing about this place for years and never was able to make it out to the West Bank. However, their new location is very close and I managed to make it over. For all of the customers they were serving during lunch hour rush, we got our food relatively quickly. The service was great. The pho was really good!!!! I will most definitely return!I am adding another star because PTB has opened the second register during lunch rush.  It was definitely faster to order than the first time I was there.  Food was still very good and it seems that the portions were a bit more generous at this last visit.  It did take a little while to get our spring rolls, which seemed odd in comparison to the short amount of time it took for the vermicelli bowl to come out.  Overall, I think PTB is getting close to it's former stride.We came out on emerils recommendation- he named the chicken noodle pho as the best thing he ever ate. Although the chicken noodle pho was refreshing and good it did not make it close to even the top 300 things I've ever eaten. And somehow in the soup, the chicken was dry. I'll never understand. 
Everyone in the restaurant is white. Literally zero Asians. If you want a place that Vietnamese people go to eat pho, go to the restaurant on the left in Hong Kong market. Much better than this place.
Anyway- really great normal pho is here if you want it.amazing service!  called in the order and picked it up shortly after.  The owner came out and greeted us.  I rarely write reviews but I will be back to this palace for the food and excellent service.
Worth the trip to the Westbank!Very efficient cafeteria style restaurant. You go to the counter, place your order and pay. Your food gets served to your table minutes later. Good Spring rolls and tasty pho with light broth. Very fresh ingredients and flavorful meats. Portions are on the smaller side and prices are on the higher end. This place really cater to the professional crowd, working next door in the Tulane Medical center. Good place to go for a light meal, giving yourself a break from heavier southern cuisine.Don't let the seediness of the strip-mall or of the restaurant itself deceive you, very good, fresh, well-seasoned ph. Above average ch giò (a tad greasy, but hey, it's Louisiana) and excellent pork.Good pho here in New Orleans. 
- Decent sized menu.
- Pho has a nice flavor and lighter broth.
- Not a super decorative place, but it works.
- Overall good stop if you want a pho fix.My neighbors took me here for dinner one day. I thought the food was good. I had the rare beef soup. It was quick and the service was good.Let me put it this way:  I get cravings for this food.  I will drive there and pay the dollar to get back.  
The lemongrass noodle bowl, imperial egg rolls, and jasmine iced tea are great.  They are sustaining and light at the same time.  This is the standard in this town for Vietnamese.  I have eaten home cooked Vietnamese since I was a young child and I just love this place.  If you haven't tried it and love Vietnamese, then you gotta try it.  Their menu is huge and the food hasn't disappointed me yet.Been going there for years. Everything is delicious and constant. Highly recommend! There's a fried noodle dish that is amazing, but their pho is the best.Very nice!  A little tough to find, so once you drive into the strip mall off of the Expressway, keep going.  It is hidden behind another building that blocks the entrance.
Worth the drive.  I had the Vermicelli noodles, with chicken and egg roll.  Yumm!
I am a huge iced coffee fan, but had never had the special iced coffee you get there, which comes with condensed milk.  Be sure to try it if you have never had it-- very worth it.
A perfect place to go with a big group, and you can share some appetizers, like the rolls, as you wait for the meal.
Also, each of the menu items has a corresponding alpha-numeric code attached to it.  you can order a "BM" 1 or 2.  They may want to reconsider calling a menu item "BM", but it seems to not really matter, since the place was packed when I was there.I was brought here for the first time last week.
I don't have any experience with Pho, so trying this kind of food is always an adventure for me.  I ended up ordering the pho with glass noodles and wontons in it and it was really good.  We also had spring rolls, which were different, but weren't too bad
The staff was really nice.  I'm giving this place only 3 stars because the place is super small and cramped, and I felt like I was eating in my school cafeteria.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't balk if someone brought me.Looks like some pretty authentic Vietnamese. The Pho was great and the service very friendly. I will be back for sure.I don't know the first thing about Vietnamese food. That being said, I suggest you keep reading. I thought I'd start out with the reality. I can't tell you if the food at Pho Tau Bay is authentic or not, but I can tell you that it is delicious. And the fact is, I would imagine that a number of you reading this are just like me in that regard.
My personal favorite is the Shrimp Wonton Soup.  The broth is tasty and the wontons are stuffed full of shrimp and pork. I always opt to add glass noodles to mine, as well. Love it. My dining companions have enjoyed the Vietnamese poboys, spicy beef soup, and vermicelli noodle bowls. We usually split an order of shrimp spring rolls to start. The spring rolls themselves are nothing spectacular, but the peanut sauce that they come with is absolutely delectable. Overall, Pho Tau Bay offers tasty and affordable food.
Random bit of info: Despite being on the Westbank, I think that this is a great lunch spot for those of us working in the CBD. It doesn't take very long to get there and the food is served so fast, that it is reasonable for you to be there and back in your one hour lunch break. If you're going with a group, try to bring cash because they don't allow separate checks or for you to split the bill on more than two credit/debit cards.
Update: I was just reading The Gambit and it turns out that Pho Tau Bay was voted the best West Bank restaurant AND the best Vietnamese restaurant. Helpful coincidence. FYI.I visited Pho Tau Bay with my boyfriend after reading the prior reviews. 
I ordered the Jasmine tea and it was delicious. We had the tofu spring rolls and they were delish! Perfect amount of cilantro in them! And the peanut sauce for dipping, yum! 
For the main course I had the VG6, pan fried rice noodles, tofu, and veggies. It was the perfect meal, and I was so excited to find pineapple amongst the veggies! 
The boyfriend and Sticky rice with chicken and sausage, this was also very good. 
For dessert we had the taro pudding, I was a little nervous because of the green colour but it was sweet and had a good texture, i would definitely order it again. 
We plan on eating here many more time and have already been back. It looks small and dingy from the outside but is a pleasant surprise once you get inside. If you haven't been here you absolutely must give it a try!My boyfriend has changed his tune. Now only orders the bahn mi because it is so good.Grateful they have returned and are still on top of their game.
VG6 is now VG3 and just as fantastic. I've literally had dreams about it, and it's not just me; over 16 years, I can't tell you how many times I've heard people rave. Someone named their dog VG6. It really is that great!
And the vegetarian pho with rice noodles is like medicine. The lady of my house says the same about their chicken pho. There's nothing like it to make you feel right as rain.
I have often gotten take out for dinner when I get lunch here, so the new hours work for me, too. 
I see some parking comments; I've always found a metered spot on the block or directly across the street.I'd been waiting for what felt like forever to eat here- finally! I would have loved to try like, five or six things on the menu- everything sounded great. I got a half order or egg rolls and a half order of chargrillled pork sprig rolls to start. I ate one of each and took the others home. Then I got a side of Pho broth and the pressed vermicelli plate with pork. My friend got the steak banh mi. The sandwich and the vermicelli plate were delicious!! The egg roll was good and the sprig roll was too, although it needed less mint and more noodles for my taste.  The only disappointment was the broth. It didn't have the depth of flavor that many good Pho broths have. However, I wonder if getting the full soup instead of just plain broth would bring that complete flavor. I'll definitely come back and try it out!This is the best Pho spot in New Orleans, hands down!!  GREAT and Very friendly owners (Karl Sr. And Karl Jr.) , and great tasting food. Thank you Karl for a wonderful breakfast and tour guide list.Finally made my first visit to the new location since moving from the Westbank. I had really missed their particular take on the delicate flavors of Vietnamese cuisine. I decided to try one of my old go-to dishes, the Spicy Beef Stew. Served with your choice of noodles (rice or clear) or french bread for dipping, this hearty not-too-spicy medley of tender beef chunks, sweet hunks of carrot in a rich, savory chili-infused broth always warms the soul.  The accompaniment of a bright squeeze of lime, and sweet basil really brings this stew to out-of-this-world heights.
Not only is the food of the same excellent quality and taste, but the familiar family and staff still operates with love and care for each customer.  Also, now that hours have been extended to 7pm Mon-Fri, I have plenty of time to stop in for dinner after work. Look forward to returning soon.  Dreaming of savory beef stew in the meanwhile...I don't get it, but this is definitely the definition of a phenomenon.  Why people gravitate here over a style of cuisine that is more and more readily available around the metro area doesn't have me stumped so much as amazed.  Living across the river from here but seeing a parking lot PACKED at lunch with oodles of apparent regulars.
Is it the price?
Is it MSG?
Is it something nostalgic?
I don't know, man.  It was good (I had 2 po-boys), but it wasn't develop a habit and go out of my way good.Taste is good but they only gave 5 pieces of meat with the sliced pork and rice dish.  If I am paying $9 I expect more meat.   Disappointed.  This photo is unchanged and shows the lack of care in their preparation.Although hidden in a forgotten strip mall on the West Bank, this place is absolutely amazing. Great vegetarian options, inexpensive and delicious. I have yet to find a Viet restaurant that compares in DC or Chicago.Best pho I had in years. I got the P 8. Xtra large.  Had a lot of steak, brisket, tripe and tendons.  The staff is very friendly. I chatted with the owner for a bit, very nice lady.Had a high hopes when I came here. Emeril said he loved the place. After visiting the fusion of pho and Asian just does not go well. I left hoping for more!! Don't think I'll be back or listen to Emeril anymore..We waited in line for 45 minutes to order and there were definitely inefficiencies that could've been handled better (i.e. not having the same person take orders and pack to go orders when there are 20 people waiting to order) and I miss the table service, and this was at 2 10 pm, which is why I'm giving 3 stars. I'll update my review upon the next visit.
The food gets 5 stars. It's the same great Pho Tau Bay deliciousness.On par with Vietnamese food in Houston which is the best I've had.  Everyone in New Orleans knows this place is solid.  They remembered me by my order after only 3 times of dining with them.  
PROS
Clean
Fast
Consistent
Delicious
Family Owned and Operated
CONS
Located on Westbank (my fault for living so far away)
don't have salt toasted tofu (dau hu rang muoi)Don't go here if you know what actual Pho tastes like. The large  beef Pho combo came as a regular bowl of Pho you'd find in other establishments. The broth itself tasted like chicken broth, not beef. Extremely light flavored.  The Cafe sua da was mediocre too. The nem nuong was passable at best.
Decent as an American gateway into Vietnamese food but nothing special that warrants coming back to.Omg...the worst pho restaurant I have ever experienced! The smallest bowl and mostly noddles..barely any chicken or veggies. Plus all seasonings it's at a stand, not on the table...we also ordered fry noddle with beef..and it's mostly cabbage in it, the cheapest kind of vegetable! 2 orders and an ice tea came out to 24:70$!!!
The taste just normal nothing specialThe food is always great. Every time my mother and I go here we always get the warmest reception and family like atmosphere.I finally had my first Pho Tau Bay experience (and a second--we went back in a week to get some more). Now, the spring rolls, pho, and bun are good, but you know what really got me hooked? The sticky rice with shredded chicken and Chinese sausage (Xoi Ga Lap Xuong) under "more delicious items." I still dream about it. If I lived on the WB, I would probably go there EVERY DAY!!! Seriously. Go order this. You won't regret it.Great veggie options + cheap prices = wonderful healthy lunch placeOne of the best vietnamese joints on the westbank that serves great food without all the glitz and glam. The pho is excellent with a great broth and plenty of fresh herbs. They have a home made pepper sauce on that makes the pho even better. I order the classic bahn mi on the side and it was also top notch just not as good as Doung Phong in the east. When on the westbank I will definitely be back.Don't know what I can add but know I've never been crazy about Vietnamese food and I love this place. Tofu Ban Mi!!! This should be a chain in every neighborhood. Staff are friendly.Pretty good place suggested by friends... otherwise I would have never found this place.  In fact we drove right past it...
I just got a fried tofu, veggie, and jasmine rice dish but thought it was pretty good.  The only downside was the dish being drenched in a sauce that I'm sure was not the healthiest in the world.  The vegetarian spring rolls were good and sticky.  
I tried my boyfriend's pho and it was really good but really salty.  I couldn't stop eating it though.  I have a feeling we'll be back, especially if we find ourselves on the Westbank.The star is for the service and cleanliness of the restaurant. The food was not good. We had pork spring rolls- poor quality. We had pho- very bad. The broth was watery, not even close to real pho broth. The place was crowded! Haven't these folks in New Orleans ever tasted good pho??? We will try one of the other places next time.Yes, its reputation is merited.  Wonderful pho, especially the combo.  Enjoy with the limeade.  And, be sure to meet the owners - very nice people.The hype for Pho Tau Bay is... not deserved. Sadly. Like really sadly because I had a hankering for some good pho. On their website, they tell us that Emeril Lagasse thinks this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans. I suppose that's like saying I run the best Cuban restaurant in Nigeria - it's not really that amazing of an accomplishment.
I went for lunch and ordered:
- Goi Cuon (shrimp spring rolls)
- Nem Nuong Cuon (meatballs)
- Pho Tai (beef pho)
And all of it came out okay. Just okay. Like if this was in a food court at a mall in a city that served legitimately good Vietnamese food, it would make sense. I wouldn't go out of the way to come to Pho Tau Bay, unfortunately.I love Pho Tau Bay. It's easily the best Vietnamese food in the metro area. The prices are reasonable and the menu is quite extensive with pho, bun, banh mi, and spring rolls.
MMM... the spring rolls. Yum. Hint: If your family/dining companions can't choose one type of spring rolls, order two 1/2 portions. We end up doing this every time.
Another hint: If you are dining with someone who is chopstick-challenged, you can ask for a fork.
Anyway, I'm not sure what I can really write about this place that hasn't been said. The service is quick and friendly. The kitchen is fast. The food is amazing! 
They have desserts available by the cash register, although I haven't ever had any room left to try them after a meal here. The portions are rather large. If you are looking at the menu and considering the larger bowl of Pho... don't do it, unless you want leftovers. Then again, leftover Pho makes a great meal any time of day!The pho here is adequate at best. I've had pho all over the world and the flavor of the pho here is off. My buddy and I  actually got got a bit ill after eating this pho. I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because other items on the menu are decent. If you want the best pho in new Orleans go to pho orchidMy friend and I always come here when we're on the West Bank and going to Hong Kong supermarket. They changed owners a few months ago and the quality has gone up with both its pho and its bun bowls. Wish it were closer to Uptown so that we could frequent it more often...One of the best places in the area.  Has a huge variety on the menu. This is our 1st visit but will sure to visit again when we come back into the area. I got the traditional pho and it was spot on. My husband tried the beef stew and it was ok just not what he expected,  he said not enough flavor.Everything here is good an authentic.  Excellent banh mi, noodles, etc try a little bit of everything.  Get there early to avoid the lunch rushTonight, we were those people.  
As a career server (my liberal arts degree ensures such),  I would have seen me coming a mile away.
I waited, in the restuarant for my fellow patrons to arrive.  I ordered dinner for four by myself, before the kitchen closed.  We were definitely the last people out of there, and I felt like such a hack!
Here's the thing about pho tau bay that blew me out of the water- usually, when you're those people, you can feel the energy of the frenzied staff (I mean, unless you're completely oblivious, which some people are) trying to get you out the door, so they can go home.  
But our service was amazing and our server(s) were super nice and accommodating.  A lot of times, I go to authentic-y houses of pho, and get the impression that i'm burdening the staff by patroning them (during normal business hours).  I chalk it up to "part of the experience,"  but at Pho Tau Bay, she was so willing to deal with me having to order for my group of friends running late. 
I could have done with a little more "garnishes"- 1 basket for 4- which one person at the table used entirely before realizing it wasn't just hers.  But I'm wlling to give them the benefit of the doubt- it was probably based on our bad dinner's etiquette of showing up less than 30 minutes to close.  
Pho Tau Bay wins hands down for vegetarian vietnamese options in this city in number-  they even had full on vegetarian soup, like, with vegetable broth.  The vegetarian spring rolls were good, though the tofu in them tasted a little well-done.  
It was also SUPER CHEAP.  less than $7 for a big bowl of pho, i think my whole meal (Iced coffee w/ condensed milk, pho tai, and half an order of spring rolls [4 rolls to an order] ) came to a little more than $12. 
I'll definitley be back.  the pho wasn't as overly-buttery as tan dihn. And I can't wait to explore the vegetarian options with my soyola friends!!