We 3 out of towners Loved this place! Great drinks, food and service. We will be Back for sure! The burger and fries, gyro and chicken piscayne was amazing!YES. This place is great. Clean, upscale bar with quality food. You can tell whoever's in the kitchen knows what they are doing. Everything was on point, even fairly priced. The service was good as well. The waiter was knowledgeable, conversational, and his recommendations were on spot.
Recommend the Original Sin cocktail. Tastes kind of like cucumber water but with gin, might sound bad but it was refreshing, healthy, and decently potent. 
We started with the curry fries. So much yes. They were very good, definitely recommend. 
I went here because I saw they had a veggie burger but then I saw the vegetarian vegetable stuffed vegetable.  Intrigued by the funny name we asked the question waiter about is. Apparently the chef picks a different vegetable every time so he said it could be anything. When it came out it was an eggplant beautiful fried over amazing sauce stuffed with more eggplant and other things (I think some cheese). Definitely enough for two. 
By the way if your not vegetarian there's plenty of meat on the menu too lolNew spot that has picked up a lot of attention recently. 
I have been to their happy hour a couple of times. I love the flat bread "pizzas". The dough is made of naan. The combinations the chef has put together are very well thought out. 
The cocktail menu is unique with some different liquor combinations I haven't experienced before. They support local beer but not as much as other bars. Their wine list is very good as well. 
I will knock their atmosphere for being overly loud. Looking around, there wasn't much done to help regulate noise or any music to help offset the noise from the bar, kitchen, and patronsParking is not easy. The place is decorated very nice. We were the only people in there to eat, which was a little concerning. All the food tasted good. The boudin balls came out a little cold. Everything here is pretty heavy, so it might not be the place to eat before walking around NOLA.Went here for a work lunch with 7 coworkers. No one had tried it yet despite being one block from our office. We enjoyed the crab dip and deviled eggs as appetizers. Everyone liked their food. It was a unanimous vote to return again to try other yummy looking items in the menu. Large inside. Bar areaGreat place to go when the "fine dining" restraint you book loses your reservation. This place has  a great relaxing atmosphere. No reservation needed for Saturday evening. The food we had was great. We would highly recommend.Nice restaurant hidden away from all the bustle of the city. Walked in sat down and the menu has a ton of options, all reasonably priced and portions are large. Got the hummus appetizer- best hummus we've ever had. Great service and atmosphere, everyone's food was great. Would definitely refer any of our friends traveling to New Orleans to make a stop here!Loved this place! It was a 30 second walk from our hotel (Q&C). The hummus was good and the Whiskey Chicken Gyro was amazing for a great price. I ordered the Strawberry Fields cocktail and it was perfect!Not horrible, but just not very good. Food was ok--deviled eggs just ok, salad was underwhelming, pork was overcooked, and naan was more like naan chips (super hard).Loved the vibe of this place and it's eclectic, unique decor. We went during their happy hour which offers some great food & drink specials. . They are still very new and still working out a few kinks with some food items, which is normal for a new restaurant. The service here was exceptional. Our waiter Jarret was wonderful and took great care of use. The owner Chris came to our table and made us feel welcomed and very comfortable. He asked for and appreciated honest input about the food, I really respected that.  We will absolutely be back!Great spot for beer and appetizers.  Good beer selection and happy hour prices. Large, open, bright bar area.Very good international restaurant with a local creole flauvour. We tried the taandory chicken,  the ceviche tostadas, and the shrimp bruschettas. All very well done and tasty. Grrat option on Camp Street.Stopped in for some brunch and found out they have the by far the best Bloody Mary's out there, made by Bailey...can't verify the other bartenders' skills. The Tap selection was decent. 
Looked forward to the Big Sexy burger but that's not on the menu for brunch. Hummus and Nan was excellent as was the Semi Standard Fare.
Will definitely visit this establishment again if we come back to N.O.Great service and food! It was my first time going, but was very impressed.  My other coworkers enjoyed their meal also! I look forward to going back. Very pleasant ambiance also!There aren't many Saturday happy hours that I know of so upon discovering Picayune, I had it on my radar for awhile. Wanting to catch a drink before dinner, we moseyed our way here after excitedly seeing the fall drink specials. One of my favorite drinks, the caipirinha, was featured so we immediately ordered a round. Their's has a twist to it, using raspberries. I'm not going to lie, when I saw the bartender open up a bag of Great Value frozen fruit as he prepared to muddle, I immediately became skeptical. Where the fresh fruit at bruh?? Much to my surprise it was actually tasty. It's not Fogo's, but for $6 it will do. I didn't try any food, but next time for sure. Overall I would come back just because u can't beat the drink specials.The flatbread toppings:  we had spiced shrimp on one and prosciutto & blue for the other. Both toppings knocked our socks off. For my drink, I had original sin, twice. So the second one wasn't original. But I'm leaving here very happy. 
My favorite thing is the history of the building displayed on the walls. This place is brand new and very old. I'm happy to have been an early adopter.  Increased my star rating to 5 because of the service.  I hope I can come back here for my next NOLA trip. I have a feeling they'll be busier next time.Nice and clean. Hearty meal and well priced.
Satisfied and full.
Try tandoor d dishes ..they are awesomeFun twist on traditional bar food. We had the tikka masala wings and the curry fries with sriracha ketchup. My fiancé had the burger which he said was good and I did a chopped salad with the excellent hummus and naan slices. The hummus was super yummy in a bath of olive oil. My fiancé also had a lemon drink, I can remember the name but it had mint and rosemary, it was refreshing.Clean, upscale, well priced, with good quality and quantity of food..great service  with nice staff.
Unique well thought out  menu that allows you to enjoy different food types. Must try if you are around!! Highly recommend it.Off the beaten trail..but almost right across the street from our hotel we had crab dip..balls..chicken wings..and flatbreads...Only critique was a couple of the wings were undercooked..and the bread for the dip was stale/humidity made it chewy when it should have been crisp. A breath of fresh air from the stank and craziness of the French Quarter...Great lunch, had a nice meal at lunch. Service was great as well- 
Soup and Sandwich for two of us with drinks- $31.00
A friend had the special - BBQ Cornedbeef wrap - Realy enjoyed it and I had the Whiskey Chicken Gyro with fries. Thank you! Love to see non-chain restaurants do the simple well.Amazing! Food was great and so was the service! I had the Cajun Carbonada and it looked so good that I didn't notice I hadn't taken a picture until after I was half way through my meal. Again, AHHHHHMAAAAAZING! Perfect kick, an abundance of shrimp and sausage. The flavors just natural blend together. Really enjoyed!Great food, excellent service, reasonable prices. Had the beef tenderloin on naan; so tender and wonderfully seasoned. 10/10 would recommend.Stopped by just before the end of happy hour. Only 5 patrons in an otherwise nice establishment. The drinks were very reasonable and the waitress was personable and helpful. I had the shrimp and rice which was tasty but not what I'd consider outstanding. Some of the shrimp werent deviened which made me fish out the unpalatable part. 
Although a bit quiet for 6:30 pm, I'd still recommend a visit. But bring a friend for conversation.If I could leave a review with 0 stars I would. Called ahead for a reservation. Upon arrival sign said seat yourself. We sat for 20 minutes and watched 2 other groups leave with out being served and several others looking around for a server for bartender. We decided not to waste our time or money.Good Golly, YES!!! As we nibbled on the toast slathered with cheese (3 different kinds - known as Cheese Ballz) and made sure to dip into the decadence that is warm happy-making crab dip, our curry fries were brought to the table and everyone around us said, "WHAT is that- that smells so good?" Just an absolute delight. Cocktails are yummy and imaginative, and the food is absolutely delectable. Atmosphere is a fun, industrial style with subtle music playing along with the music of plates and yummy sounds. The chef owner came out to check on us and all of the waitstaff pulled together to make our experience an absolute delight. Truly - if you haven't - treat yourself! If I lived here it would definitely be on our general rotation!!! Yum!!Great place to drop in for happy hour. I sat at the bar and had a mushroom flatbread and a beer. Good service, good food, good price, fun atmosphere!What a cool place! My husband and I went for dinner. We ordered the deviled eggs, Boudin Balls, and a chopped salad. We shared these items and all were delicious. The Boudin Balls were the best by far. I also ordered the LA Daisy drink which is a combination of sweet and spicy. I could have had 3!Excellent Sunday brunch! $2 Mimosas.   We really enjoyed our meal.  I recommend the Up and At Em.  Quantity is generous and quality high.  Yum!Great location, excellent food and drinks for fair prices (my sangria was huge), friendly service and hip decor. Definitely, I'll go back.I've been wanting to try this place ever since I noticed the old Daily Picayune building in the CBD was being renovated. If anyone could bring a small piece of New Orleans history back to life, then I'm definitely going to check it out. And WOW did they deliver. I went for lunch and had the Whiskey Chicken on Naan with garlic aioli. Fries were served on the side, but they had various items on the menu that could probably be substituted. I don't normally stick with fries, but I'm so glad I did. They are made the way French Fries are supposed to be. Now, let me talk about this chicken. Well, I can't because the only words I could form were "Oh, my God" and "Wow" ... grilled chicken coated in a whiskey glaze sauce smothered with smoked Gouda, grilled onions, and sauteed spinach on naan. Oh, my God, right? The service was great for our party of five, even with two picky eaters in our group. They both loved the Big Sexy Burger. My boss ordered the Pocket Book Trio. They didn't last very long. He was finished the second one by the time I was on my second "wow." The last member ordered the Black & White BLT. She said it was good but didn't like the bread. It was Focaccia bread, so she's just weird because Focaccia is amazing. 
This is totally one of my new favorites in the CBD. I need to check out the awesome happy hour soon.Our group traveled to NOLA for the food, and we happened to stumble on this place before heading to the airport. It turned out to be our favorite meals of the trip!! Every single thing we ordered was so amazing down to the last detail. The staff and environment is great as well. The Bloody Mary was also killer! Makes us want to travel back just to come here again.New! Crisp and clean bar on Camp Street. Very friendly staff.  Cool vibes. Amazing crab dip. The menu items all sounded delicious.  Next time, I'll try the Rosemary Thyme Chicken.  We didn't have time for anything but an appetizer. We walked there from our hotel by the convention center. 
I don't recommend that. Once we got there, we didn't want to leave, but we weren't crazy about walking back after dark!I love the idea of putting fresh spinach in spinach artichoke dip. However, they don't cook it before putting it in the dip, which leads to a very watery dip.
I wish the naan was more soft/fresh.
Candied Old Fashioned was tasty and strong.
Probably would come back for drinks, but not food.Horrible. Stay away. They were out of oysters. SERIOUSLY??  They were also out of half the other staff on the menu. Only vegetarian option sounded disgusting: bell pepper stuffed with steamed vegetables. I ordered tofu with side dishes: I got the smallest, most pathetic portion of tofu. Herbed couscous with no herbs. Oversalted mushrooms. Measly 3 dollar discount after speaking to the manager, so charged 12 dollars for a baby meal. How did this place got 4 stars???This place had pretty good reviews and wasn't super busy, but I'm pretty disappointed.  The waitress was friendly but the food was very lacking. My boyfriend's sandwich was ok (whiskey chicken gyro), but I splurged for the salmon with a side of truffle mac n cheese and wasn't pleased with it.  For an $18 dish, I expected it be cooked well and it simply wasn't.  The fish didn't separate from the skin and it had more fishy flavor than it should. I have eaten a lot of salmon so am bummed with this one.Excellent service, very tasty food and beer.
Happy hours ends at 7 pm so come check it out!
Very nice setting and very clean too.  Wish I found this place earlier so I could come back again.I am perplexed by the reviews this place has gotten. Granted, I came for dinner and people are raving about the happy hour, so maybe it's better for snacks and drinks, but this was a meal I'd call "perfectly edible." It was't bad so much as it was unremarkable, trending toward not so great. I wouldn't bother saying so except that so many people seem to love it, I feel like I don't want people in the position I was in to be misled. I had a friend in town staying in the CBD and let him pick the restaurant. He went based off reviews and I'd heard good things, so I agreed. The menu is...confused. It's like this restaurant doesn't quite know what it wants to be. First, my house salad left out grape tomato, as listed on the menu, and included chunks of cold potato? Why? Also, I know that fusion is a thing, but the Char Siu pork (Chinese, not the right color, slightly burnt) came with naan and basmati rice (Indian), tabbouleh salad (Mediterranean), and tahini (ditto, does not go with Char Siu pork). It's the kind of dinner I would cobble together out of a weekend's worth of leftovers, not something that should be served in a restaurant. Also, our waitress was flighty and vanished often (we were one of only two tables in the restaurant). I'd try again for happy hour, maybe, but not a proper meal.After a long day exhibiting at the Convention Center, I just wanted to try a spot less traveled by the touristy crowd, and that was a quick walk from my hotel. Seeing I had already bookmarked Picayune Social House, and reviewing the menu again, then seeing happy hour lasts until 7:00 here, helped quickly determine this was my spot!
I walked up to the bar, took a seat and was quickly greeted by the friendly bartender. I opted for the lemon cocktail and the pulled pork naan flatbread. Neither disappointed, and although I hoped to try some other tasty sounding items in the menu, I was way too full to even think about it. 
The real kicker was the $11-ish happy hour tab! Amazing value and quality-- this would drink beer one of my go-to spots of I lived nearby!Awesome food, excellent service. My favorite bar I've been to in my two visits to this city. It was the site of the old Daily Picayune newspaper. The history is great and the people are great. 
Food: beef tenderloin on naan, any flat dish and the mac and cheese are incredible. 
The owners treat you like you're their own. Highly recommend this place.My husband and I decided to try this place on a whim. It was the best decision we made ! Our meal was so delicious! The truffle mac n' cheese is to die for. The burger was cooked to perfection. The bartender, Alain, goes above and beyond. He strives to make everyone happy and everything perfect. We are coming back tomorrow ! Can't recommend it enough!! Font miss itThis was our first meal in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint!  We had just gotten in from the airport, and this was one of the only restaurants in the immediate area where the kitchen was still open (around 9pm). I had the chicken picayune and my bf had the salmon.  Both were delicious!  Crab dip appetizer was also very good.  Only took off one star because the service was a little slow, especially for getting our cocktails, but that may have been due to the fact that it was a bit later in the night.  Our waiter was very apologetic about the delay, and was a really friendly guy.  Would definitely come back if I'm in NOLA again!Great happy hour. Service was excellent.  Food was good, SO much better than the chaos of Canal street and worth the short walkI mean.. can this happy hour be any better?? My new favorite go-to from 3-7pm. 
Started out with the HALF PRICE breads and spreads and then moved on to the BBQ pulled pork flat bread. The portions are HUGE. 
Spinach and artichoke dip and hummus and naan. Let's get talking.. there is so much cheese in the S&A dip. It's a little runny but when you mix all of the goodness up, it's perfection. The hummus is to die for. It comes with a ton of olives and warm charred pita. Surprise: oil is infused to make it so yummy. My friend said it was the best hummus. 
Side note: The couple next to us got the spicy coriander chicken and the spiced lamb sausage flatbread. Both looked equally as awesome. Once again, the portions. 
For the drinks I had the candied old fashion and it was so yummy I had (three) more. Came with candied nuts and orange rind. We also had the LA Daisy with Mezcal which wasn't my favorite, so ordered it again with tequila and it was delicious. It was garnished with a jalapeño sliver. La otra mujer was good, just not my thing. 
In the Smalls, we ordered the Pocket Book Trio. Wow. Just wow. 
Lastly, the service was great. The manager (is a guy) was so knowledgeable. The waitstaff is hot. 
Come here for your next sociable. No ifs ands or buts.What a great find on our last night in NOLA! The space is very new and has a relaxed vibe. Our waiter was very attentive and super nice. It's an eclectic menu and our food was scrumptious. We started with the curry fries with our beers. Then we shared the truffle mac n cheese (a must try). He ordered the veggie burger and I had the naan prosciutto flat bread. Flavors were on point! We would definitely recommend and come back!Everything we ordered was so good! The All about Crab appetizer was my favorite. The food so good we knew the dessert had to be even better so we ordered the cheesecake!  Talk about a slice of heaven. Best food we've had in New Orleans yet!Excellent! If I could give 6 stars then I would! We visited on Wednesday evening for dinner and drinks. The bar staff were amazing, very friendly helpful and attentive!  Big selection of food and drinks. To start we had curry fries, which came heavily recommended from the bartender, and he was 100% right, they were amazing fries with spicy ketchup and curry dipping sauces! Definite recommend. For mains we had beef tenderloin on naan, it was amazing, perfectly cooked beef! The Tandoor'd rosemary chicken was also very very good! To finish we had New York cheese cake and it was awesome! Needless to say we left and we were stuffed! This place is a little out of the way but definitely recommend visiting! Great bar, great bar staff, great food!Incredible service by Bradley!! So personable and all around GREAT service. GREAT food and awesome menu. Def a place we will return to!Het was erg lekker. Als je tussen 3 en 7 komt zijn de naan gerechten en brood gerechten de helft van de prijs. Ik vond het erg lekker en even wat anders dan die gore fastfood troep die je in Amerika vooral vind. Ik had de falafel genomen en mijn vriend de italian sausage allebei op naan brood.This place really surprised me! We were just walking around looking for a place to brunch that wasn't so crowded on Mother's Day and we stumbled upon this place. The $6 bloody mary's were delish!!! And who can beat $2 mimosas?! I believe I ordered the picayune benedict and it was full of flavor and very rich. I'll definitely be back!Loved this place! We went twice on our trip to New Orleans. The falafel was amazing. Perfect consistency and just tasted amazing. Happy hour had such great prices too! Just be aware they do put out a different "events menu" when there's a big event (aka essence festival this weekend) so there is a smaller variety of choices and takes away the happy hour. It forced me to try their veggie burger. While I was disappointed I couldn't have the falafel, their made from scratch veggie burger was AMAZING. Nice atmosphere, well priced delicious food, good service, and great air conditioning! Highly recommend you hit this restaurant up a time or two!!I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised! The menu was condensed due to Mardi Gras, so not as many choices, but they were willing to honor anything from their normal menu. The food was great and reasonably priced.This place is a must have!  Staff are very friendly, food is amazing, and the drinks are full of flare!  All fresh ingredients, completely homemade in-house, great menu selection, and I could go on, but I'm keeping you from getting here, so come on down!Awesome!
After a rum tour we were hungry (and still thirsty) so this was a great find just in time for happy hour!
Speaking of, their happy hour is AWESOME. Apps and drinks half off we ordered hummus and naan, a side of mac & cheese and the lamb & sausage flatbread. Where do i begin?  Awesome, awesome and OMG awesome! That flatbread was my favorite part! We couldn't finish it so we took it back to our hotel and had it for breakfast the very next morning.
Local drafts were $3/ea. With a bill of $24 for all of that I wish i would have been able to come by again. There's plenty more on the menu so next time I'm definitely stopping by! Awesome place!Great neighborhood bar. Very good happy hour from 3-7 every day. Had burger and fries. " excellent ". Very reasonable prices as well. Be sure to check them out.We're from Lafayette and in town for an HR Conference and thought this place would be a great change of pace. All five of us could not get over how amazing the food was and the service was just as good! We'd recommend trying "For the Love of Crab" spread, that was our favorite! Everything that we ordered from cocktails to spreads to smalls and stacks was amazing, and we know good food!We both had the Chicken Picayune and agreed it was the best chicken we've ever had.  There are multiple side choices, making it easy to deal with dietary restrictions.  Service and environment are low-key and pleasant.This place is new and a must visit if you are in New Orleans! The venue is the site of the old newspaper offices so it has a cool warehouse feel with brick walls and old photos of the owner (a female entrepreneur in the 1800s!). It's a little noisy, due to the warehouse decor and associated echo factor, but the owner is the chef, the food is fresh and delicious, the portions are hefty, and the prices are very low, at least for now. The staff is friendly and the owner/chef came out and visited with us a couple times, which was a great personal touch. We ordered off the happy hour menu (half off daily from 4 to 7) as well as some deliciously fresh salads. For anyone who is allergic or not into seafood, is a vegetarian, or wants an alternative to the deep fried NOLA fare, this menu has lots of fresh options. The bar has a decent beer selection, not as ample as many gastropubs these days but still features a variety of local and not so local brews. Overall, our group of three ate and drank well and stayed long, as food kept coming out and staff made us feel welcomed all night long. Highly recommend!!!!We made a quick pit stop in Nola on our way home from Florida. I found this place on Yelp and was excited over their plentiful vegetarian options. I think there are some great ideas here, but most of them revolve around their naan.. which, I am heartbroken to say, is not very good. It's extremely dense, dry and chewy. Now, I've eaten a lot of naan, so I know what it's supposed to be like and this wasn't it. We also found their fries to be a bit sorry. Lots of local beers and we were pleased with the service, but, the food was just mediocre. With a change to the bread, it could be a lot better.First place I've ever eaten at in New Orleans. Service was terribly slow - took 30+ minutes to get food. I ordered a burger medium rare and it came well done. I get that it's not a burger place but come on, not acceptable. Even the wait staff apologized multiple times. They gave a discount to compensate which I appreciate but won't make me come back again unfortunately. Nice staff.What a great place! I'm really glad I got to check this place out during my stay in New Orleans.
My server was Jarrett, and he made me feel at home. Make sure to ask for him because he was awesome!
The portion sizes were big, tasty, and filling. I got hummus (which is handmade and it comes with fresh naan), flat naan bread with chicken, and the Mac and cheese :) I love olive flavoring so this hit the spot.
I also enjoyed the ambiance :) There was a rustic city vibe to the decor and a nice texture to the walls. This place felt open, inviting, and friendly.Crazy great service - crazy great burger and discounted beers made my visit a great one! The naan was delicious with the great sauce.If you are in the neighborhood you must go.  4-7 happy hour every day and some of the best drinks and food.  The old fashioned is a must. Homemade syrups and candies fruit.  The naan bread was killer as well.  Owner Chris was hospitable and a great leader.  Must goI was really excited to try this place - the food sounded great, and the reviews were solid.  We went at 7 on a Tuesday, so happy hour was just ending.  There were about 7 customers at the bar, and 3 small tables of people in the restaurant.  One bartender and one server appeared to be working.  When we came in, the bartender told us we could sit anywhere.  We sat at a table and waited.  And waited.  We were in full view of the bartender, who watched us sit there for a full 15 minutes with no greeting, menus, water, etc.  We left and had a lovely meal elsewhere.  Look, I'm a server and a bartender, so I understand about being busy, but if you can't handle 7 seats at the bar and three tables without picking up another 2 top, maybe this isn't the right line of work for you.  I would love to try again, but maybe after they hire some better staff.I stopped in for an exhibit of old newspapers during Tales. All the vintage NOLA papers had to do with prohibition and were super fun to read. And if it hadn't been for this exhibit, I wouldn't have known this place existed.
There was a Old New Orleans Rum tasting and I sampled their 300th anniversary rum (again), so tasty. But let's discuss the bar's candied old fashioned. Phew. It was no joke with a bit of candied orange peel to top it off, well-balanced and potent. The pecan syrup was a nice addition.
There were some snacks associated with the exhibit but after a couple of cocktails we decided that a "bread & spread" was necessary AND 1/2 price during HH. So we tried the art & spin...artichoke and spinach. Super tasty and it came out quickly. 
Our bartender was on point and my friend and I had a great time.We went for happy hour, the specials were great.  The food was great, the service was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  Very interesting/refreshing cocktails.By far the most amazing Bloody Mary I've ever had! Zach was so great during our first visit, we came back for dinner that night and brunch the next day. We sampled most of the appetizers on the menu and every single one was delicious. And the macaroni and cheese...out of this world. Great atmosphere. Great food. Great staff. We will definitely be stopping in here any time we are in NOLA.This place gets a 3 star review because our waitress was great and the place was pretty cool. The food was a 2 star at best. The coriander chicken was obviously precooked about 4 hours earlier. It was tough and cold and served on a wilted bed of lettuce. The fries came out very dark and over cooked. They need to step it up of the expect to stay in business in a city like New Orleans.Stopped in here during a conference and wow. It's not typical NOLA food, more general American and some indian choices, but it's damn good. I came during happy hour, which features $6 specialty cocktails and half price naan flats, which is exactly what I got.
The candied old fashioned is delicious, if a little sweet. Bartender has a heavy hand, which is always a plus. I got the spiced lamb sausage naan flat. A little too spicy for me, but still delicious. Would definitely come here again when I'm looking for a good break to heavy, fried, nola food.The website reads "Open for Lunch & Dinner". I guess that's not technically a lie. The doors were open, and we were able to go in a sit down. Hell, a person claiming to work there came over and took our order, then best we can tell, she packed it in and called it a day. It was another 50 minutes until anyone came by, us thinking "they're here to update us on our order". Nope. They came to "take our order". Confused we were all "what the hell happened before?". Seems the first person took our order, and never actually gave it to anyone who could affect the preperation and subsequent serving of food. Major flaw in the operation here. They didn't even offer to comp the meal, or a free round of drinks. Pretty much told us we were screwed, and wasted an hour of our travel. We left. This is no place to spend time when you're only here for a couple days, and this was our first meal since 4am.Food was wonderful and great service! We had a large party and the chef even came out to great us. Excellent experience!The Eggs Picayune was one of the best breakfast dishes I've ever had. The owner was wonderful and treated us to hummus (you should also order) and the $6 Bloody is what dreams are made of. Stumble into this place. The food won't disappoint.Awesome Place to eat the portions are Huge Even for HAPPY HOUR 3 to 6 pm !!!
Bartenders are Very Friendly as Well!!! 
I send A lot of my Guest's here from my Tour Booth on Decatur  & Canal St. !!!I stumbled onto this diamond in the rough randomly and am happy to have found a great brunch spot. A true gastropub worth checking out.
Chef Chris knows flavor and food. Not only has he been making his own infused vodka for the $6 16oz bloody Mary's for 20 years, but his twist on southern classics really makes this place stand out. 
You can tell there's a culture here that cares about quality at a great price. Everyone is friendly, attentive and helpful. The eyes wide open burger is savory, spicy, and sweet in all the perfect balance. 
Can't go wrong for a great lunch spot and definitely a weekend brunch hot spot!Our waitress was super nice and had great drink and dessert recommendations! The deep fried PB&J was epic!
Had the arugula salad with shrimp and it was perfection!It was quite empty inside when my group arrived but maybe it was just an odd hour. It was very nicely decorated inside with a chill vibe.
I got the Black and White BLT which was good if not a bit salty and a nice house salad. Both were pretty darn cheap, in a hefty portion, and came out quickly. This is a perfect little cafe for a healthy, fresh feeling lunch.Had a very nice time back to back nights. Beer is damn cold, staff is very knowledgeable about local stops. Overall a great point to start your night!We decided to try a new spot while being in the city for work and happened upon Picayune. Service was amazing from start to finish. We had the curry fries and the Art + Spin as appetizers which were both amazing paired with cocktails!! The reason Picayune is receiving 4 starts is because of our entrees; my colleague had the pulled pork BBQ flatbread which had great flavors but the pork was chunky, cool, and fatty instead of pulled and hot (management was kind enough to comp). I had a salad which had fresh veggies but slightly underwhelming flavor. Nevertheless we will return for lunch or dinner. Definitely want to test out their happy hour specials in the futureWe decided to try a new spot while being in the city for work and happened upon Picayune. Service was amazing from start to finish. We had the curry fries and the Art + Spin as appetizers which were both amazing paired with cocktails!! The reason Picayune is receiving 4 starts is because of our entrees; my colleague had the pulls pork BBQ flatbread which had great flavors but the pork was chunky, cool, and fatty instead of pulled and hot (management was kind enough to comp) overall, we will return for lunch or dinner a.Would have given 5 but slow service. The food was amazing. Recommend the fish BLT- great spice and crusty bread. Definitely would come back.