The best ice cream. Beautiful concept and great coffee.the owners are very nice.  All ice cream is made in house.I love, love, love this place! I've not had their food but I can't wait to try it. The gelato is amazing! Dulche Leche was my face but they have a new flavor, Mr. Cookie, that is awesome!!! Though in all honesty, all the flavors are great and you can't really go wrong. I've had the sweet crepe, which is really nice - totally simple and tasty. The owners are super sweet and talented too, which makes the entire experience even better. Definitely go and try a couple of different flavors. They change based on ingredients. Oh! You can also buy it by the pint!!!While ice cream will always have a place in my heart, there's just something special about gelato- ice cream's lighter cousin.
David and I were having a dessert craving, and this place had been on my list for a while, so we popped in. It was pretty busy for after 8 on a Saturday night, but we were served quickly. I had the raspberry gelato and it was delicious with lots of flavor and the lightness that I expect from gelato. If it hadn't been so late, I probably would have tried some of the coffee, so that's a good excuse to go back.
Aside from gelato, they have a great selection of sweet and savory crepes and with plenty of seating inside and outside, it's the perfect place for a bite to eat any time of day.Excellent service. Even more excellent gelato. Try the pistachio. You won't be disappointed.Oh my freaking god.
The gelato was killer. 
The staff was friendly and helpful.
The decor brings warmth. 
And again...the gelato was killer.AMAZING gelato! We're from out of town and we were welcomed immediately as we walked through the door. Lots of flavors are available and they also have non-dairy gelato. If you have an appetite they offer sweet and savory crepes. The flatbreads seem pretty amazing too, I'll have to return the next time I come to New Orleans. Awesome!SO glad to have discovered this delightful and delicious little place. The friendliest and most helpful staff I've met as well as fantastic gelato and coffee with so many options! I can't wait to go back soon and try the flatbreads and other food! Just stumbled on it after stuffing myself at brunch nearby but this honestly made my day. The gelato was to die for! I would recommend this to any and EVERYone!Such good gelato and the owners are so friendly! If you like gelato you must go, I had the hazelnut and it was great. They let me try a couple flavors before picking though which was helpful.The gelato was alright and quite authentic with an interesting flavor selection but they are not being competitive with Brocato's as Piccola only allows one flavor for their small serving and doesn't allow two flavors until the medium size while Brocato's will give you two flavors in a small.  I also sampled their espresso and sadly it just did not impress and Brocato's and most other places in town have much better espresso.  The space is set up nicely on the interior especially considering it is in one of the out of place strip malls on Freret Street that would be more appropriate for everywhere else strip mall U.S.A.  
Overall it is really the only Gelato or ice cream option on the Freret Street corridor and they do have some creative and good flavors to their credit.  For the price and experience it doesn't compare to Brocato's, Creole Creamery or Sucre but they probably have a niche location here that should help them with some success with all the Tulane students that probably don't even know about the existence of any other area of New Orleans or the dessert treats outside their bubble.  They have some definite unique wins with their flavors so if they can just adapt to allowing multiple flavors on a small and work on the espresso they can go far.Came on the last day of a much needed trip and their gelato is probably the best I've ever tried!  All the flavors I sampled were creamy and full of flavor.  If dairy isn't your thing or you are intolerant, they keep several sorbet-as to help satisfy your sweet tooth.  
Gelato isn't the only thing on the menu at this Gelateria however, they have a great coffee bar and also do Italian style flatbreads and crepes (savory and sweet).  If you find yourself in New Orleans and get a little burned out in the French Quarter, take a break and come out to Piccola Gelateria!Finally a gelato joint I enjoy! They offer a variety a flavor that is bound to meet your standards. They have outside and inside seating. Very cute and stylish shop. I got the hazelnut gelato and it pretty much tasted like Nutella without the chocolate. It was rich and decadent! My bf order the strawberry and it was super refreshing! The lady who took our order was very nice but rude in a way which kind of took away from our visitThis cute little gelato shop was a great find! We were in the mood for some dessert and this place hit the spot. The gelato was light, creamy, with the perfect amount of sweetness. The girl who served us was very helpful, and encouraged us to try as many samples as we wanted. She also offered us some complimentary water, which was a refreshing gesture. We also ordered a crepe that was so tasty! If you are in the mood for dessert, definitely come here!Piccola Gelateria has the best gelato in the greater New Orleans area. Period.
They have 18 rotating flavors of gelato/sorbet and they are all amazing. The owners are super nice and friendly. Ross apprenticed in Italy and all of their equipment was imported from there. The crepes and piadina are delicious. Loved the affogato espresso too. If you are in the area, try it out.This had to to be the best gelato I've ever had. Gelato isn't the only thing on the menu, but that's all I've tried so far. I sure will be back soon to try other things on the menu. Loved the environment of  it and everything was super clean. Super nice, friendly workers. Would definitely recommend!BEST gelato around! I love the staff, they are so sweet and they know me by name when I come in (not sure if that's really a good thing). My favorite flavor is Mr. Cookie but they change their flavors regularly. Even their crepes and cappuccinos are fabulous. If you haven't been there yet, you need to. Worth the visit!We were greeted by a very nice gentleman by the name of Ross. We had 2 capucchinos , which were excellent. Ross explained to us where and how he gets his coffee beans from and you could tell he had a lot of knowledge and passion for his product. 
We then had some of the most smooth delicious gelato we have ever tasted. Having been to Rome a year ago , the gelato we had was equal , if not better than the gelato we had in Rome. Great place. Can't wait to go back ..So good! We happened to accidentally come in right at closing, but they were still SO nice. They have a wonderful variety of flavors, and the portions are very generous! I didn't think she was going to stop filling the cup. Every bite was full of flavor. (The Cookie Black is 100% worth a try.) If I lived in the area I would for sure be here at least once a week. I can't wait to come back to New Orleans and visit this shop again.Friendly owner. Great vibe. Love the decor. And my teens dig the ice cream. "Cookies black" and "caramel" are amazing.I've been here a couple of times for the gelato and it's always great quality. I'm interested in trying to coffees though to see if they're just as good. Cute placeAMAZING! We purchased a pint of the cherry and the pistachio and we were not disappointed. Delicious! We will definitely be coming here again.Out of this world amazing!!! Will definitely come back. The best pistachio gelato you will ever have !!Large portions, excellent quality, plenty of space in a neighborhood away from most tourists, and full of students and lots of dining choices. Great place for after-dinner dessert.Amazing expresso and fantastic gelato. A truly European feel to this little Gelateria, and a nicer more upscale coffee scene compared to nearby cafes.Amazing store, people and gelato.  Friendly and caring employees.  Clean inside and out.  Gelato was incredible.  Great selection!Fantastic stracciatella and crepes that melt in your mouth! Wonderfully friendly owners and a clean, modern, fun atmosphere. Kid friendly too. Will definitely be back!If you're looking for ice cream in New Orleans, look no further. They have very interesting flavors, and the gelato is so rich and creamy. Also, they are always SO friendly and I can't recommend them highly enough! Also great cappuccinos- can't wait to come back and try their lunchWe stopped here when they first opened and it was the best gelato we've had!  Today we were looking for lunch and remembered the owner had mentioned they would also be serving food. Omg it was the best piadina flatbread sandwich!!  This will be our new favorite lunch location on freret!Gelato was tasty. The staff was okay. When I went, they had about half of the display fridge empty- so only a few flavors despite all the space. Definitely a fun place to pop by while you're on Freret.First time here, but I'll be back for sure! Convenient location Uptown. Comfortable & clean place with a great & fresh product.  Tried several gelato flavors & all were fabulous. Next time will need to come back to try lunch too. Also enjoyed talking with owners (serving behind the counter) & interacting with customers. Great experience!!Absolutely incredible! Every flavor is delicious. The owners are really nice and friendly. The gelato is very rich and flavorful and the whole shop has a welcoming atmosphere. I'm coming back tomorrow for sure! Try the Nutella.This is the best gelato I have ever had. Hands down. I live in the DC area so we have pretty decent food but on a recent visit to New Orleans my friend who is a local took me here for an after dinner treat. It was just amazing. The flavors were so good. I had the lemon meringue and the toffee flavors. So incredibly delicious. The service was wonderful as well. They clearly are just awesome at what they are doing. I wish I lived nearby!!Come hungry to this place! They serve crepes, sorbet, and homemade gelato and you cannot go wrong with any. The owner was so friendly and let me taste four flavors since every flavor was unique. Some favs were caramel cookie and fig. And the sizes are very generous... two thumbs up for Piccola!Nothing this good in Los Angeles except for Grom which is an Italian chain. However, Piccola's pistachio gelato is actually on par with Grom's and if you prefer small bits of pistachio then it could be better. 
I have been in Italy a bunch and consider myself a foodie. I was in NOLA partly just for the food. The gelato here is real, actual, and what it means to be gelato. I tried Sucre and was seriously disappointed. That sort of watered down, cheap ingredient and mass-produced stuff is not gelato. Piccola is the real thing - takes huge amounts of fresh ingredients to make this kind of gelato and the taste bears that out. 
Price and the drive/ride to the location is well worth it. Plus, there are a few other things to do and good restaurants in the area so you can make a lunch or dinner out of it if you're traveling from downtown/French Quarter.I wasn't expecting this gelato to be THIS good. I'm definitely a chocoholic and this was beyond amazing. I had a medium Nutella and 70% Chocolate and it was rich, creamy, and smooth. I also tried a sample of a flavor called Cookies Black and it was like an Oreo flavor on steriods. I think this is my new favorite ice cream/gelato place for sure! I just finished and I'm about to order more!We were greeted by a very nice gentleman by the name of Ross. We had 2 capucchinos , which were excellent. Ross explained to us where and how he gets his coffee beans from and you could tell he had a lot of knowledge and passion for his product. 
We then had some of the most smooth delicious gelato we have ever tasted. Having been to Rome a year ago , the gelato we had was equal , if not better than the gelato we had in Rome. Great place. Can't wait to go backThe owners are very nice and friendly . I've had tons of gelato but these people are next level. I've had the hot chocolate and the sugar crepe with a scoop of Nutella it is everything. If your in New Orleans this is def a place to go to.Absolutely the best gelato in town...by far! Please do yourself a favor and try it out. In addition to their amazing gelato, the owners are as nice as could be. Flavors are always fresh and changing, besides their staples, and they take requests as well. This is our new favorite spot :)The service was extremely amazing and the food was even better the Nutella crepes are to die for.Best gelato I have ever had. Customer service was also amazing. Super friendly and very knowledgeable. We had the gelato crepes and iced coffee it was superb.PISTACHIO. PISTACHIO. PISTACHIO. YAS! A true winner. Love this place such a gem! I can't wait to try the other flavors.. actually who am I kidding all I want to do is swim in a bucket of PISTACHIO! So good. Will definitely be back for more.. more PISTACHIO.Yes I'm giving it 5. The owner really does quality work and ingredients. Which is always welcomed to see organic being included more and wish other places would follow suit.  
Had an affogato with almond gelato and it was great. Just quality all around. Great strong espresso with out bitterness. The gelato is definitely tops and the flavors are very prominent. Like he doesn't hold back in ingredients in making them. Tried a lot of the gelato and honestly all good. I'm a big fan of Angelo brocato but I think I might have found my replacement due to the use of quality organic ingredients. Had the blueberry gelato for dessert and it was soooo good! 
Had a piadina which is an Italian quesadilla and it was good. I think I would have rather the breakfast one on a crepe instead though. 
Will definitely be back and will work my way through the menu. Awesome quality place and very cozy modern!Awesome gelato! I had the chocolate and peanut and both were fantastic. The owner greeted us and served us and was so nice and friendly. Great addition to the uptown neighborhood. We will definitely be back!This is my new favorite spot in New Orleans! The owner was knowledgeable and helpful; the ingredients are imported, natural, and fantastic. The gelato flavors make it so hard to choose (they're all perfect), and the sorbetto is just as amazing!I dream of Piccola Gelateria, land of the creamiest, most delicious gelato I've ever tasted. The friendly, patient servers encourage customers to taste up to three flavors before deciding. After much deliberation, I settled on one scoop of Pistachio and one of Espresso Latte, a perfect pairing. Happily, we were a group of four, so I was also able to sample the Sea Salt Caramel, Strawberry, Coconut, and seasonal Rose Petal. The texture and temperature of each was spot-on. The flavors? Clear and intense. 
If you don't happen to live in the neighborhood, this bright, spacious spot is absolutely worth a quick trip uptown. One bite and you'll understand why the very best restaurants in New Orleans offer Piccola Gelateria gelato on their dessert menus. 
Update: They now offer sweet and savory crepes, all types of coffees, and piadina sandwiches. Lucky New Orleans!If there were 100 stars I would certenly give to this amazing place in NOLA. I have traveled the world and eaten gelato in many places , but this was by far the best gelato that I ever had in my life. It is absolutly vacation for your mouth. From the moment you walk into this faboules place your breath is taken away from beatifuly decorated walls, tebles to very friendly stuff and owners to eating Italian Piadina , Gelato , and of course sipping on the best Expresso in town. You  can not go wrong with any choice of flavors from Nutella, salted caramel, rasbery sorbet , mango, banana pecan you name it they have it, and they are all absolutely to die for. Definetly if in NOLA must go place.OMG....where do I start? This review has been long over due! Let me start by saying that theeee most exceptional, theeee most delicious gelato is served at this establishment. My husband and I have been coming here since they opened their business and we will continue to support this local business! When we come here we feel like we're in our home. Their "living room" as they call it is very much exactly that, it's warm, cozy and comfortable and the product they serve is out of this world amazing! If you haven't tried it yet, you're missing out! If you haven't tried it yet, get ready, because it will change gelato for you forever! I can go on and on but I'll let y'all be the judge from here. And always remember "be kind it cost nothing"Full Flavored Gelato!!!!!
Friend took us there for a mid day snack.  ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL.
We tried a couple of samples before each of us settled on two scoop cup combinations.  I went for a combo cup of Pistachio and as my second flavor chose the Black Cookie.  Both were full flavored without being overbearing.  Really nice!!
My wife also had a combo cup.  She wanted the Hazelnut and Expresso.  Both were really good and brought back strong/wonderful memories of our time in Florence and Tuscany.
This is definitely a nice place that deserves return visits.Oh wow is how I can describe the gelato. I have been to this cozy place three times and all three times my gelato was Delicious. The workers are super nice and they know their gelato. Going back tomorrow for a birthday treat.Very great local Gelato shop on Freret. If you're ever in the area or even not! Make your way here. Nice atmosphere and great customer service. :-) Happy to see another Gelato shop in the city. A great place to go out on a date.We discovered this gelateria shortly after it opened and both the owners and the gelato were great.  We have shared our enthusiasm with lots of people.  Unfortunately tonight it let us down somewhat.  We were rushed through the line even though we weren't being overly slow and the gelato was soft.  Hopefully next time will be a better experience.OMG..I had the butter sugar crepe with pistachio ice cream..to die for!!  So buttery, creamy and delicious!!I got the kookie karamel and the flavor was really good and the gelato was really smooth. They also pile on the ice cream so you get more bang for your buck.
The downside is my friend tried to go for a 4th sample, and one of the owners rudely asked "How many do you think is acceptable?" That wasn't professional at all, and they could've put a limit on the samples earlier.
All in all, the gelato was good but the attitude was not. I don't think I would come back here next time I'm in town.The best gelato you can find around Uptown! Flavors change constantly but some of my favorites are Cookies Black, Strawberry Basil, Lemon Mint, and Berry. Really generous servings and good ingredients at very reasonable prices!Two friends who lived in Italy for a while and missed the gelato teared up after eating here. It's that good. Everything is good. The owners are lovely and sweet people -- I get asked where I've been if I haven't gone in more than two months! I bring all my out of town guests here. Quaint, comfy, and beyond delicious. The only thing bad about it is what it does to my diet. But it's worth it so I don't mind.Fantastic array of gelato flavors- I love the Amarena sour cherry blended with almond 
Fantastic Tiramisu and Stracciatelli as well...you can't go wrong. Coffee, espresso et al are delicious!  Can't wait to go back and try the lunch options. Staff and owner were friendly courteous and happy to explain their products.
Can't wait to go back!I would have to say that this is the best gelato place I have ever been too. The owner (I believe) was VERY helpful! This was my boyfriend and I first time to the place after our manager have been telling us for weeks about it! The atmosphere was very welcoming. The gelato was TO DIE FOR!! I had the hazelnut and espresso latte (medium: 2 scoops) and my boyfriend had the caramel fig (small: 1 scoop). The total came up to $10-$11 which isn't too bad. I highly recommend this place for anyone craving for authentic and homemade gelato! This is the place to go!I discovered this little gem a few weeks ago and have been back a few times already. The gelato is amazing! The staff is very helpful and friendly as well :)Gorgeous interior, and gelato that rivals the best I've had in Florence and Rome. Best ice cream shop in the city.Nowhere outside of Italy have I found melon gelato, except here.  They made it on special request.  This is a must try and must return to, time and time again.  In a town with many great restaurants... this is only place for gelato.This place has been on my places to visit but for some reason I barely make it out to Freret street. I never realized how many amazing places are now here! We ended up having dinner and of course if you know me I have a very BIG sweet tooth. I took advantage of already being out here and we decided that we were going to get gelato! Yay! I was craving something fruity, not chocolate and had hopes on getting some strawberry gelato. Unfortunately the closest thing up on the board was lemon. I was kind of upset but was already there so I HAD to get something. I went with the lemon and the boyfriend went with the pistachio. All I have to say is I am soooo happy that I got the lemon! It was refreshing and it hit the spot. For a Nola summer night it was delightful. The pistachio I heard was amazing. It's not my kind of thing so when I tried it I wasn't impressed. Like I said ..it's just not my thing. Customer service was good,they weren't rude, they were friendly. I will say they were kind of busy and people just seem to be confused standing there looking at the board where the flavors and menu options are trying to figure out what flavor they would like to get so you don't know if someone is in line or just looking at the menu. They also have lattes from what I saw on the board. The mission was gelato so I honestly didn't pay attention to anything else , we will def be back for more gelato that's for sure!Ross & Ria, proprietors of this fantastic Nevo crepe & expresso cafe are so welcoming & clearly living their dream. It shows how truly happy they are to serve & give patrons a chic yet at home feeling while dining on their exquisite Italian gelato & made to order desserts. We vacationed within blocks of their cafe & found ourselves there 3 out of the 4 days we were in NOLA. Wishing them the best!  Mike & Debbie Williams.I think the owner is a perfectionist when it comes to gelato and coffee. We had a variety of flavors and they were amazing. I'm not saying this lightly. I've got a thing about gelato and I've had tons of it in Italy and let me tell you this was better than most there. It's worth the trip on a hot day to his location. He should relocate closer to the french quarter. We are from New England which is an ice cream mecca and NOLA seemed to have very little ice cream or gelato. I can't explain it, maybe because it gets too hot to hold it for long in the summer?There's nothing I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. Best frozen treats in Nola. Just go.Not only were the owners extremely nice and understanding with the dietary restrictions but the gelato was absolutely divine! The environment is also very quaint and comforting. I would definitely come back for seconds!!Oh wow is how I can describe the gelato. I have been to this cozy place many times because the gelato is so Delicious. The owners are so nice and friendly. This is our new place for a sweet craving.Wow just wow, this is the best gelato/ice cream place in New Orleans, better than Brocatos. The two owners who also run the counter were courteous and very knowledgeable about their fine product. The gelato itself was the best I have had since I have been in Europe. The lady, Rialto, said that everything is made with fresh, organic ingredients, and I could tell in the taste. I went in thinking $5 for gelato was a lot, but it is delicious, and they serve generous scoops. My girlfriend and I loved this place, and we will be back soon.Looks really nice decor-wise. Flavors weren't great. Nephew's gelato was sour...and sour pistachio wasn't his flavor.Amazing environment. I had lemon gelato.... unbelievable. The owners are very gracious and wonderful. I highly recommend this place. Oh yes, the espresso was very Italian....awesome. Please go there. I will again and again.Piccola Gelateria is as good if not better than the stuff in Italy. The owner goes to the market every day and let's the fruits in season inspire her gelato flavors for the day. The most amazing flavor I ever had was strawberry basil. Every bite is bursting with fresh flavor and you can taste every ingredient clearly. It truly is my favorite dessert place in the city. The owner is so welcoming and the shop feels very comfortable.We got the Gelato sandwich with cookie black and the Gelato espresso with chocolate once. And I can't stop going back. It's like crack for people who aren't on crack but wanna experience a crack like high.Everything here is on point. I'm Italian and this place easily has the best coffee, gelato, and crepes I've ever had. Come here, that's all I have to say.wow. they need bigger cups for the gelato. the flavor with cherries mixed in... you just gotta get it.Great new addition to Freret St! Good flatbread sandwiches for breakfast or lunch, coffee, and amazing gelato. Will be coming here regularly.I've had lots of Italian gelato and I thought this was so so. Texture was good but I didn't think the flavors were as good as in Italy. Just my opinion.This gelato and espresso are the best I've had outside of Italy!!! I cannot emphasize this enough!!!
Once you've been to Italy, traveled around and sampled lots of gelato and espresso it's really hard to be satisfied back in the states!  
We had the espresso, chocolate, and stracciatella, and all were amazing! The owners are lovely and the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. 
Between this, and their gelato, make them a must visit when you're down in NOLA!Very good gelato! I'm looking forward to trying more stuff on the menu. The cookie black is like a really good Oreo flavor.Great selection of gelato. The line was almost out the door when we went but it was worth the wait. Clean establishment and friendly staff.This could quite possibly be the best gelato in America and I have tasted some of the best. Chef Ross Turnbull and his wife Ria have a shop unlike any I have ever experienced. Bespoke serving equipment has three distinct temperature zones for perfect serving. Ross is busy in the kitchen making gelato all day in small batches to the point where if you go at lunch time you can see different flavors by dinner time. Using only the highest quality ingredients, this is the best gelato money can buy, made by some of the most talented people I have had the pleasure to know. Wherever you are a local or tourist this is worthy a SPECIAL detour to feret st!This is my far the best gelato in the city. It's also the best gelato - and one of the best desserts - I've ever had. My partner says it's comparable to the gelato she's had in Rome, and I believe it! The service was also fantastic, with a kind, courteous woman at the counter to help us. 
They have a gorgeous Italian espresso machine, and we were told they roast their own beans, so I'll be back for that as well as the delicious gelato!Piccola Gelateria is legit! We lived in Napoli and enjoyed our share of gelato and coffee. This is the closest I have come to that experience since moving back to America. Beautifully decorated, the coffee is fantastic and authentic, and the food is absolutely delicious. It was wonderful to experience a little bit of bella Italia in the States.