This is the best sandwich shop and butcher in town. Corned beef. Brisket. Bologna. And Leighann is the best.So good! So far I've had the steak sandwich and the chicken salad. Both were excellent and it's obvious how much pride and care they go into all aspects. You will not be disappointed in anything you order!Holy COW!!! Pun fully intended. I enjoyed this meal more than I've enjoyed a meal in quite a while. You can taste the quality of the meat and the freshness as well. The sausage plate was delicious and the boudin stole the show. If it wasn't good enough on its own, POM decided to make an "egg roll" out of it and have cheese ooze out of it. If I could marry food I would've proposed on the spot. The "steak of the day" sandwich was unnecessary but I had to try it and it was definitely a great sandwich but it couldn't compete with the egg rolls. Maybe I should move to NOLA just to be close to this gem. If the food wasn't enough, the cured meats, sausage and freshly butchered meats to take home look super!Delicious food, amazing staff and a great butcher shop to top it off. Had the bologna sandwich which was amazing and my buddy bought steaks for the weekend which he said were awesome. Steak prices were cheaper than our local grocery store and the sandwich was more than I could eat in one sitting. Highly recommended.The employees were extremely friendly and punctual. The Boudyn egg rolls were hot, crispy and delectable. The dipping sauce that accompanied it paired perfectly with them. For the outdoor seating they had a self service water jug, which was convenient. The Jersey sausage was juicy and thoroughly cooked. The peppers accented the sandwhich as one would expect. This is definitely a five star restaurant, that I believe will some day be featured in Bon Appetit Magazine.This place is great. Friendly service and an awesome selection in the deli case. The specials change weekly and they do brunch on the weekends. Wonderful place.AMAZING!  Everything a good meat shop should be.  Super fresh and homemade, very friendly staff and open style kitchen.  Lots of meats, and some innovative preparation as well.  Check out our pork belly Cuban.  Oh my god.... worth every mouthful!!  We will be returning!  Doesn't cost an arm and a leg either.Love this spot. As a local I love being able to go in to Piece of Meat and get great sandwiches even on Mondays. I'm working my way through the menu and everything I've had has been amazing. The deli counter has some of the highest quality meat in the city. Those hand made, cheese filled Hot dogs are outta this world. The duck breast is to die for. The bacon is bangin! I'd highly recommend the bologna sandwich. Also the steak sandwich. I'll be back!We had a big group looking for a late night bite. Two places right down the road were not willing to accommodate. We found this place and they were closing up for the night. The owner invited us in and treated us well. The food was amazing and the staff was great!  Definitely try this place if you love real bbq!Piece of Meat serves the best sausage you can get.  Sausage sampler had a hot, a cheesy and a boudin.  Each one was unbelievable (and was even better the next morning!). 
Boudin egg roll was great, too.  Could have maybe used a little leavening, since the sausage and wonton os really heavy.  Flavor was amazing, just real dense.  
I barely got to try the bratwurst, since my fellow diner wouldn't share.  She said both the bread and the caramelized onions were perfect.  
It's a small space with a lot of takeout traffic.  Very clean place, though, and Leighann has always been behind the counter and very friendly & informative.  
You really should try this place. I doubt you've had sausage this fresh and this good (unless you're very good at making your own).  I'm sure the steaks ate great too.  
It's all very thoughtfully sourced, and the owner clearly loves her work and obsesses over the details.  
Beers at the beer garden around the corner after your meal.Had an awesome lunch today. That brisket sandwich - wow it was delicious. And we had the boudin eggrolls - great idea to add cheese to boudin and deep fry it.Loved this place!   Outside seating super relaxing.  Not the Turkey and the Wolf Bologna was awesome.  As was the chicken salad.   And a close walk the Bayou Beer Garden!This place is awesome, and if I didn't live in Houston I'd probably wander through a couple times a month.  At it's heart it's definitely a butcher shop with cases of delicious looking protein. They've got some pretty bangin' food though too.
Not a ton of seating inside, but it was fun sitting at the bar and watching them prepare everything. Definitely plenty of seating outside in the front if it gets busy.
The owner was there and super accommodating, as all the adults hard ordered food and our 3 year old was not thrilled with the selections. She cooked up a delicious grilled cheese for her though and won the day. As for the food, we ordered the jojo's, brisket sandwich and steak and eggs as it was breakfast time. Will totally be back.Wow, what a great spot! Very laid back and chill. We went in for lunch and got to sit at the bar and watch the chef make boudin spring rolls. That's exactly what I had for lunch, and OMG so delicious. I eat boudin any chance I get, and these were absolutely amazing. They were stuffed with cheese, which was melting. My husband got brisket sandwich and it was amazing as well. Definitely coming back to taste other items on the menu.I bought a brisket sandwich yesterday.  It was delicious. I will bring my daughter there to eat.  This is my new lil hide away, but I will pass it on to my friends who like a nice, clean, and very good place to get quality service and good food.Another fabulous NOLA find this weekend. This one is in my Mid City neighborhood. After being too late to meet friends for breakfast and to early to meet other friends for lunch my husband and I set out to find another spectacular Mid City restaurant in its infancy.  The MId-City restaurant scene just keeps on growing.  Wow! It exceeded our expectations and didn't deplete our pocket book. Located at the corner of N Rendon and Bienville. Be sure you make it a point to try this one. We had the Flank steak with collard greens and eggs and tacos, complimented by a Basil Tom Collins and one the the best Bloody Mary's I have ever tasted.  A few outside tables, counter seating where we sat where it was most comfortable viewing the workings of the kitchen and a few inside tables.  This place is also a precious little deli with a great selection of meats.  Be sure you get by there and enjoy.I usually love the food from this place, but today I paid $16.50 for a raw goat sausage sandwich. I called and they are refunding my card. Thank you for making it right. I'll be back for the brisket and corn beef sandwich's.This restaurant really delivers.  Leanne and her staff were kind and super welcoming.  The menu is surprisingly diverse and every dish was spot-on. I highly recommend this spot.I was browsing for a spot to grab lunch today and noticed this spot was was named the #1 "hottest restaurant in New Orleans, October 2018" by Eater NOLA. Let me tell ya, they weren't wrong. I got the steak of the day [with balsamic red onions, roasted pepper aioli, arugula on and onion roll cut]: tangy, slighty sweet, and savory perfectly balanced. All the meats are cured in house. The butcher workspace is located right behind the cashier where you can watch them work their craft. The meat locker is also on display in the front of the shop. I have to say it's pretty neat to see the all the elements that go into making grade A meat for the pleasures of mastication.Got two filets to cook at the house and prices were decent and cut was thick. Get the sliced duck breast it's extremely tasty. Great little butcher shop/restaurant.Everything on the menu looked so good, it was difficult to order! I went with the steak of the day sandwich and it was perfectly executed. Thin sliced ribeye with arugula and fig jam.  I can't wait to go back and try more!Stopped by for lunch...what an amazing place for some very good meat!If you like meat and nice people you should give it a try.It's wonderful buying our meat from a shop where the owners take pride in their craft and clearly respect the animals they work with. 
I recommend taking home any of their cuts of meat as well the bologna, linguiça, and smoked chicken salad.Kick ass food, friendly employees, definitely get the steak sandwich, bologna sandwich, farro salad, and boudin egg rolls!God bless America and may god bless the chef of this fine butcher joint. The steak is amazing, the service is confident and consistent. What else does a carnivorous,  middle-aged (Yes. I am. It sucks) man need in life? 'Cept the Indy five hunnert, but thats another story.Farm to table. This neighborhood shop breaks down whole animal. Awesome fresh meat counter, smoked products and charcuterie! Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Lunch specials, sandwiches, indoor and outdoor seating. A+++Not Just Full of Baloney 
Piece of Meat is a place that can turn the most mundane type meats into a gourmet meal. Take for instant, in your grammar school day, when mom made you a baloney sandwich. You know doubt enjoyed it, but was it a gourmet sandwich? Who in the world would have labeled such a sandwich gourmet? Far from it, right? 
Well forget about what you remember about baloney. This place takes this sandwich to another level, and not because this is the only sandwich they make either. But what would one expect with accolades like: Best new restaurant 2019 from Food and Wine magazine. And there are several more comments like the latter from other notable sources. My review is on the baloney sandwich called NOT TURKEY AND THE WOLF'S BOLOGNA, a compilation of owner chef Leighann Smith's thick sliced Bologna, provolone cheese, BBQ sauce, fried onions, lettuce, mayo, on an onion bun. I caught sight of this place watching the morning news when I saw partner owner chef Dan Jackson assemble this sandwich for the news station channel WVUE Fox 8, New Orleans. I love baloney but this is not the normal stuff. They make their own version of the famous sausage. It was wonderfully delighting to eat. I'll be back to try their other items on their unusual menu.I am ashamed I haven't thought of boudin egg rolls stuffed with cheese; it's a genius dish. 
I had the No Animals Were Harmed" sandwich. The herbed goat cheese spread brought it from boring to very good. 
The Delicate Lady was the best chicken salad my dining partner had ever had. A rave review by any account. 
I'll be back to pick up their house made guanciale-the only I've seen in the city. A must have ingredient for bucatini all'amatriciana.The very sweet lady working at the front suggested the meatloaf sandwich since it was the day's special and a rarity. THIS is why I ask for suggestions...
I have never had, nor will I likely ever have again, a meatloaf sandwich so perfectly moist and tasty. I'm not a meatloaf connoisseur and I usually expect it to let me down. My wife and I were just blown away. 
Her pastrami sandwich also ranks among the best I've had and I thought it was just about equal to the meatloaf. She felt the meatloaf was clearly better and she could be right. 
Also: the tater salad is fantastic.Amazing menu, and great/knowledgeable folks. I have t purchased from the market side yet, but def looking forward to that.Wow, wow, wow!! Best chicken salad sandwich ever, and the Bologna on an onion roll is a party in your mouth. I've never had anything like it, so the bar is set high. Boudin eggrolls were amazing! Fresh and expertly made describes the food at Piece of Meat!The food, vibe and location are top notch in my opinion.    The service is uniquely NOLA.  Very friendly place. 
My only gripes are the prices of dishes, everything being served al la crate and drink options.
It definitely doesn't deter me from the spot.  I just prepare myself before entering lol.
-KBSrI love this place. I had dinner here.  So I've hit up POM as a dining option, but I have not taken advantage of their full scale awesome butchery.  I will certainly update the review to reflect this shortly.  I checked out the goods.  Steaks look great but I cannot speak to their quality...yet.  
But for the restaurant side of things.  We over-ordered because everything looked so good.  For basic housekeeping, I'll tell you it's fast casual.  Order at the counter, take a number and they'll find you with your food.  It's seat yourself with a few self serve water refill stations.  The ambiance is awesome.  First, it's in legit butcher shop with tons of meat to ogle. Second, it's decorated with cool particulars.  For example, the light pendants are made from re-purposed butcher tools.  I get the feeling someone put a lot of time and thought into every detail.
So the food.
Boudin egg rolls.  Delicious.  I'm usually disappointed with boudin apps, but these were tasty.  Served with a mild sriracha sauce.
Charcuterie board:  this had so much good stuff on it.  For me, the standout was coppa.  I had to get educated on each item from our board.  Coppa is a tasty salume, I think pork shoulder.
The Reverend.  Preach on sir!  It's a glorious reuben sandwich.  Maybe the best reuben I've ever had, and I eaten a lot of corned beef. The corned beef is what sets this sandwich apart.  Very nice hunks of beef.  Writing about it makes me want another. 
As for the staff, they were really friendly.  Papa bear, seemingly the head butcher, told us about some of the meats and services they offer.  Our waiter walked us through everything he delivered to the table.  
Will I repeat?  Hell yes.  I want to be a regular here.  If their steaks are as good as their sandwiches, Piece of Meat will blow up in no time.We love this quaint butcher and restaurant. Small, but packed with variety of meats, and the menu is just as diverse. 
I had the bologna sandwich, which is different than any bologna you have ever  eaten. It is pure heaven in my mouth. Salty and spicy with great pork flavorTheir brisket sandwich was AMAZING! The meat was so tender and juicy. Also got the boudin egg rolls. Honestly, what a great creation! Would recommend trying both of those. Can't wait to go back to get that again!The only thing that tops the quality of the meat is the quality of people who work there. An amazing place to have delicious steaks and more. Go for one of their steak nights. You won't be dissappointed.Meat, meat, and more meat. Bologna sandwich rocks! But from butchers case...Rib-eye and Pastrami!Best butcher and meats in Nola imho. Won't find anyone better. For the cat who can't seem to express himself without cursing, try English my man. No one is interested in a review that can best be compared to a 20 something year old who has yet to master expressing himself without the F-bomb or "bitches". Course, for a person who would volunteer to sit outside and not expect our winged residents, well, perhaps the problem was with his choice of seating rather than P.O.M. putting our traps to make his experience one that necessitated foul language.Delicious and at the risk of sounding redundant very meaty. Lotta meat. Like, if you don't like meat then just don't bother. I never thought I'd enjoy an enroll stuffed with meat and cheese but it was sheer meat bliss. The peppers with aioli is not meat and was still delicious. Despite the incredible selection of pricey gourmet meats (totally worth it) it was a very affordable and delicious meal. Will definitely be back. How many times did I write the word meat in this review?Ate here during jazz fest on a recommendation from a friend, and it was a great one! Standouts were the Wolf's Balogna, the boudain egg rolls, and the Buffalo Jo Jos, but everything we ordered was delicious.Definitely deserves the coveted 5-star rating. Amazingly fresh food, made to order. Great staff and great service. Must try the boudin egg rolls, pork belly Cuban.The Boudain egg rolls.... *drops mic* incredible! Sweet people! This was small and quaint but very yummy! They used cheese and cabbage which makes it so different!My first shot at this SWEET Joint in NOLA. The atmosphere is amazing as well as the smells and the food is SPECTACULAR. I had the not turkey and the wolf's bologna and it was a definite fav. I am gonna try the hot pastrami next time.Went here after seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins, and dives. The food was really good but I think the sandwiches should come with sides like chips or fries or something for the price that they are. We ordered a brisket sandwich, the boudin egg rolls, and the regular Jojos.
Brisket sandwich- I swapped the horseradish aioli for a red pepper aioli and it was pretty good. The meat was tasty and the pickled onions were a good topping. 
-Boudin Egg rolls- the egg rolls were incredible! A perfect amount of spice but not overwhelmingly spicy with Sriracha aioli on the side. They are stuffed with boudin and cheese and are incredible. These are a must have when you come here!
-Regular Jojos- these are great to order on the side. They are potato wedges that are wonderfully crispy with paprika aioli. Yum!The name of this place says it all: MEAT!! So I don't understand how vegetarians can leave bad reviews.. but anyways.. as a vegetarian myself, I went with my husband who loves meat and still found something delish to eat!! He enjoyed his cheesesteak, we shared the Jojos and also had nice conversation with the employees! It was a little pricey for lunch but when good food is served, I think it's worth it!!To be fair, I am a vegetarian and only ended up dining at Piece of Meat for a work lunch. That being said, it was decent but overpriced. I went with really the only vegetarian option on the menu which is their "No Animals Were Harmed" sandwich. It is a pretty basic tomato sandwich on toast that does not come with any sides. I wanted to get a side such as potato salad but couldn't bring myself to pay another $6 for lunch when I already paid $20 for a sandwich an soda.
The rest of my party are not vegetarian and got a sampling of the menu. The consensus was that the sandwiches were really good, but overpriced. By 3 o'clock we were all back at the office starving.Saw this place on Triple D. It did not disappoint. Boudin egg rolls and the bologna sandwich were sooooo good.I had been excited to try this place since it open. Im a big carnivore. Then i saw a yelp review about bad service, hipster staff and not so good food. Honestly my hopes were down. After watching an old interview w Mr Bourdain about yelp (you should watch it) decided to be more "vocal" when i have a good experience. We had a great dinner here. The place is really nice, small and cozy. I love that you can take a look at the meats. The staff was super friendly, asked us if we had any questions, made suggestions. The food was served super fast. I had the ribs and potato salad. They were deliciously smoky and soft. The salad was very good too. Even though they dont have waiters, someone came and asked us how everything was. So after a good meal and a good service i dont really give a f*** if the staff looks hipstery lol. Definitely coming back. 
It's always more likely for a client to give a review for a bad experience than a good one so, come try for yourself. We really liked it. Coming back for steak tuesdays. :)Outstanding quality, inspired and creative sandwich making. Great flavor profiles. Dedicated, helpful staff. 
The food reflects the passion and wisdom of it's chefs. This is the sandwich taken to an art form previously unknown.
These people know their meats. I would like to see a little bit more of that meat in their sandwiches. The only thing  missing is that feeling the sandwich is overstuffed. A fifteen dollars sandwich needs to have some more protein heft.
That being said, this place hits a home run for flavor. Between the bread a lot of thought and hard work has been placed.This place is AMAZING. Let me count the ways.
1. I have a restrictive diet, and an awesome person (I think one of the owners) talked through the menu with me to see what I could eat.
2. They set me up with something special for my diet.
3. That thing happened to be the most perfectly cooked piece of brisket I've ever had in my life.
4. No, seriously. I devoured it, and order another one to go for later.
5. The decor is warm and casual; the playlist was great.
6. Sitting at the bar overlooking the open kitchen was fun.
7. The people there are obviously passionate about what they're doing.
8. You can also buy steaks and meat at the counter, along with some of their house made options.
9. They've got booze.
10. They're less than ten minutes from my house.
This will definitely be my new go-to place, and I'll be sending all future visitors to the city there as a first stop for a killer representation of the incredible food our city has to over. 
Can't wait to go back!!After hearing and seeing so much about this joint I couldn't wait to come and try it out. Sadly oh was I disappointed. In a middle class neighborhood Piece of Meat turns out to be a high end butcher shop that happens to serve food out of its small kitchen. Everything is house cut and made and though the meats look great the prices are very steep considering the neighborhood that its located in. In a sense this is Cochon Butcher in Mid City. As I sat alone and ordered I noticed the only customers were those who came in to get fresh meats to go. The sandwich I ordered, the house hot pastrami, was their own variation of pastrami and certainly not anything that I have had before. The meat was very greasy and fatty with a strange taste that I wasn't a fan of. Thankfully since the meat was not plentiful for a $16 sandwich with no side or drink it was dominated by the coleslaw which was very meh just like the sandwich. I hate writing these kind of reviews but honestly this business is in the wrong location, if Uptown or in Lakeview this place would have sustainability but given the amount of money put in to build the beautiful business I doubt its sustainability. I was hoping for a neighborhood deli like Steins which this part of town needs but sadly its more of an out of place Cochon Butcher.Had the pleasure of eating New Year's Day brunch. We ordered chicken and waffles, biscuits and gravy, and stuffed French toast. Everything was amazing! The chicken had awesome seasoning, had a great kick to it! The biscuits were some of the best I've tasted and the gravy was awesome in flavor with delicious meat too! The stuffed French toast was my greatest surprise because I'm generally not a fan but this was think and toasty with amazing blueberry cream cheese filling and blueberry drizzle on top, and who can resist fresh whipped cream. It was my first visit and I will def be back!!!Fast and friendly service! The boudin egg rolls and brisket sandwich were delicious! Would definitely go back again!Qualify food and quality staff- what more could you ask for? Great sandwiches and amazing boudin egg rolls (HIGHLY recommend).Stopped in for lunch today, finally!
I had heard great things about the new meat market. Saw the sexy designed logo last year and have been dying to try this Mid City spot. My expectations weren't butchered like the fatter calf, either. 
My friend and I had a Ruben on sourdough and a smoked chicken salad sandwich. Both were large portions and served on a tiny cookie sheet pan. 
Great flavor on both with lots of MEAT. Carnivores take note  
We didn't dive into drinks or dessert but the options are there. Plenty of take home goodies such as meats and jams. 
With a name like "Piece of Meat" what do you expect to find??  A person with a sharp knife whittling away at a carcass.  It's was a pleasant surprise to see an actual butcher working on a side of beef and to do it with skill is even more impressive. 
Stop by and enjoy some actual brisket or hand made sausages. Enjoy the fine music playing overhead. You shouldn't be disappointed.The BLT was awesome!!!! Rae was so helpful and well worth the price. It was soooooo good!LIT. This place is pretty special in so many ways. The environment is full of kitch and meat curing. 
I am pretty mad I ate the boudin egg rolls because they were so damn great! Perfectly crunchy with amazing meat mix and hot cheese in the middle. Y'all the devil. I also got the corn beef special which honestly was just ok. The mash potatoes were amazing. The brisket sandwich was pretty ace. But those damn egg rolls. Not sharing next time. Sinful!We stopped here on my last day in town. I thought I had all day but the airlines had other plans. So glad I filled up here before my trip home. My guy saw it on Guy  Fieri's show and his autographed sheet pan hangs in the bathroom. Be prepared to see lots of other people's pictures in there too in unexpected ways. Anyway, I ordered the delicate lady. Chicken salad was so good, although I think I would've preferred the toast roll and arugula he had. I'm just not much of a hamburger bun girl . That said the sandwich sure was tasty and held me until I arrived home many, many hours later.  He had the steak of the day. While he liked it, it was the boudin egg rolls that stole the show.  He even came back a few days later with friends.we were doing the neighborhood, try a little here, and there, but once inside, I was pleased to see a butcher, with real meat.   Including the carving of a HUGE piece of meat before our eyes.   Its an Art to do what these people do, and today we left with rib eyes for dinner to cook tonite.   While waiting, we got the boudin egg rolls, which blew my mind.    This is some stuff right here....  seriously good stuff in here.
we will be back and sit down and partake of more, but for now, thank you for being a real butcher, cause only a real butcher sells the goods to the hood.A friend suggested this place after seeing it on the Food Network.  I had the corned beef hash for $12. It was DELICIOUS. I also had the mimosa which was $7; it came in a very small Mason jar - so not worth it. 
This place doubles as a butcher shop; they have a cooler for curing the meat and you can watch them prep the meat on a big butcher block table behind the counter. Surprisingly, the place didn't smell like a butcher shop; we sat inside and enjoyed chatting with employees as we ate. Their meat selection is interesting; definitely planning on taking my husband here next time we're in town.Cute place. Excellent service. But most importantly, excellent food! One of the best bloody Mary's I've had. Can't wait to go back and try brunch.Wow! I popped in because I was just around the corner. I had read a lot about it and thought I would give it a whirl!
Driving up? So welcoming! Picnic tables outside and some cute little two tops under the front window. Water station outside, complete with a bowl for your furbabies! Great curb appeal.
I walked in to find a deli case full of some delicious looking meats, and as I sit outside writing this review, I see that there is also counter seating inside, and some seating. Buts 82 degrees in NOLA on this June afternoon, so outside was a great choice.
Friendly staff, made some great suggestions! First suggested the steak sandwich but I wanted hot, so went for the second suggestion of brisket with horseradish aioli and pickled red onions. Goodness!!! I was full after half of this sandwich but it was so good, I just kept going! It also doesn't hurt that I am downwind from the smoker. Smells amazing!!! And it is!
On my next visit, I hope to try the, "Not Your Turkey and the Wolf's Bologna Sandwich." Great job, y'all! Cheers!!!Absolutely fabulous. Bologna sandwhich lived up to its reputation. Boudian eggrolls were good, dipping sauce even better.Was in New Orleans and had seen this place on Triple D and decided to head to mid city in the trolley and check it out. If you really know good food, you will appreciate the meat here. The boudin link was great. Much more meat than any I've been had and quality and texture were great. Tried the boudin egg roll, bologna and pastrami too. All were fantastic. You can tell they care about their quality. I only wish they had a sampler platter, because we couldn't get through the whole thing without a food coma but really wanted to try it all. And bought some boudin for the trip home.
And the photos in the bathroom are worth seeing for a good laugh. Need to fix the toilet though.The pastrami sandwich was very good, but the star was the boudin egg rolls.  There was sooo flavorful.  Limited inside seating so get there early.This is a group of talented butchers and flavor connoisseurs first and foremost - if you're looking for frilly decor-it's not happening. From the corned beef to salad they use amazing quality ingredients and it shows in the multiple times I've bitten into a sandwich and did a wiggle of absolute JOY!!! My next investment is steak night.. GO AS FAST AS YOU CAN!Visited twice - about a year apart - and happy to report the quality is just as excellent as I remember. Boudin egg rolls are unlike anything I've tried in the city - get them. Not Turkey and the Wolf's bologna sandwich is exactly what it says it is, and I like that sandwich, but this one is better -  BBQ sauce is a huge addition. Jojos (buffalo or otherwise) are a super side item (in size and taste). Ribs are possibly the best I've ever had - yes, ever. This no-nonsense joint knows exactly what they're doing and they're doing it well. I hope they continue to do it for a long time.We saw this on a travel show and just HAD to try it. If you appreciate well prepared meats made into amazing sides and sandwiches, then you must visit! I'm too full to try everything!
The location is small and intimate, so if you sit at the bar you can watch them work their magic. It's dinner with a show!
I believe the travel show we saw Piece of Meat on was Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, we just had to try the Boudin Egg Rolls due to the episode we saw. So yummy! And it's cool to see people in person who you saw on TV and find out that they are really that fun and nice. 
This location is a bit of a walk from the French Quarter and Warehouse District so we took a Lyft which was about $9, then we walked over and took the cable car ($1.20 ea as of this writing) back once it had cooled down some. Highly recommend!!This place is legit!  Smoked trout tip cheese at teal and egg rolls  are phenomenal. If only we could buy their sauces it would be perfect!  Also bathroom has bathroom selfies!My oh My what a Piece of Meat!!!  Ordered 2 filets 1 Ribeye and a Delmonico to take home and grill.   Absolutely mouthwatering and the best tasting Meat all 4 of us ever had!!Delicious, high quality sandwiches! I got the steak of the day-- fresh and delicious; my roommate got the hot pastrami and it's definitely the star. I will definitely order that next time I go. The sit down area is casual and cozy.
I can't wait to order meats from the butcher for holiday entertaining!Two words: Boudin Eggrolls. I am a bit of a boudin snob, but I LOVED those boudin egg rolls. I will admit, I am a lover of cheese and could have done with a little less so I could taste more of their perfect boudin, but overall, I will be coming back over and over and over again for those eggrolls. 
My hubby had the yummy pastrami sandwich. I never would have guessed he was going to order that, but he did, and it was a pretty damn delicious pastrami sandwich. I liked the decor and some of the salt and pepper shakers on the bar made me giggle. 
I also wanted to buy all the meat. When you walk in, you see the clear, life sized fridge/freezer with so much MEAT. I wished I could take that fridge and teleport it to my house. 
So, it is a meat market/deli type place. Soon they will open a steak house next door, which I can't wait for that! In the mean time, I will be back for that meat board and of course the boudin egg rolls. 
Service was great and parking is off street, although, it's not in a super busy area so it is fairly easy to find a place to park. Plus, on a nice day, they have outside dinning tables since the space inside is on the smaller side.I hadn't eaten in over 12 hours and I was starving when the photographer I had just worked with suggested this spot. Ooh, I had heard all about it and I had been looking for an excuse to go- nearly starved to death is as good of a reason as any.
The place is pretty basic: you go up to a counter and order off of a board. There's some seating inside, but it was a nice day so we sat on one of the tables outside. I got The Delicate Lady, which is a chicken salad sandwich with blueberry bbq sauce and the boudin egg rolls and potato salad to share. I also got iced tea, which came with no straw, because that's how these places roll these days. Remind me to get a reusable straw because I hate when ice touches my teeth. 
ANYWAY, The Delicate Lady came out and it was gorgeous. Chicken piled up topped with delicious sauce and finished off with lettuce for a good crunch. I liked that the chicken salad wasn't super heavy on the mayo and instead relied on the chicken itself to really bring the flavor. The blueberry sauce was a nice touch and added a sweetness to the sandwich.
The boudin egg rolls were crazy good. I had heard that these are a "must" and that's accurate. It's boudin in a typical egg roll wrap and there's cheese in there too! It's probably not any kind of healthy, but oh man is it good. The potato salad was solid as well. I thought it was a lot like German potato salad, which is made with vinegar. It was super tasty and it all balanced well.
While we were eating, one of the owners came out and asked how we liked everything. I thought that was nice because, you know, she didn't have to do that. I like when the owner or manager checks in with customers. Everything was great and I'm definitely going to be back.Definitely one of the best casual restaurants in mid city. So far I've had their bologna and chicken salad sandwiches. Both are amazing. Also brought home some of their sausages and boudin to cook up. That also turned out great. I will continue to go back to work my way through the menu. Next up trying the brunch options.This place is awesome! Food is great! Huge portions. Great vibes and the workers are the best!So glad that Piece of Meat is back open after their summer break! Their fried bologna sandwich is killer and I recently had their Thanksgiving Sandwich which was insane! Mashed potatoes, turkey, cranberry sauce, carrots, and a bowl of gravy to dip the sandwich in. Their meat counter is great and I've gotten some sausage and chicken salad to go which was super convenient.Piece of Meat is amazing. I highly recommend the bologna and pastrami sandwiches. They are so good.We saw this establishment on Diner, Drive-ins, and Dives. I'm always skeptical regarding TV reviews: this did not disappoint. I had the brisket sandwich. Deliciously smoky and flavorful.  My other family got the homemade bologna sandwich. It was huge and tasty, but not as good as the brisket sandwich. If you have hypertension beware: the fries are well salted and absolutely delicious. The boudain egg rolls were featured and truly worth the calories. Unless you prefer thick cut steak fries, you can skip the Jo Jos. We were so hungry after sitting on the benches with all of the delicious smells, we didn't think to take a picture before diving into eat. Love this place. It had me at the creative the front door hatchet handle.COVID-19 update: they're open and serving such wonderful things in a safe way!  My husband and I stopped in on Saturday and had a fantastic experience.  
Boudin egg rolls, the brisket sandwich (that's the kind of sandwich you dream about) and a pastrami.
The pastrami was done so nicely - grilled bread and just the right amount of pastrami- a side of coleslaw.  Full of flavor and high quality meat - he actually ate half and saved the rest for lunch today.  
The brisket - where to begin- a unique spice rub really makes this sandwich stand out in a crowd.  Perfectly sliced  meat with just the right amount of fat on a gorgeous roll and your choice of a side.  I really could only eat half - but almost had the other half for breakfast because the thought of waiting until lunch was almost too hard!
Masks required, social distancing and a Contactless menu- available with your phone, outside dining only in an expanded area, butcher shop open and it is about as "normal" as anyone can expect these days with a flavor rating off the charts.  
Opened only a few weeks ago it is already evident this place will be a stand-out among locals and visitors alike.
The corner building is home to a working butcher shop and restaurant.  Seats about 15 inside - 2 high top tables and a wide bar that seats 6 comfortably with generous space.  Picnic tables and smaller 2-3 top tables line the outside of the building.
We started with the boudin egg rolls.  Two rolls sliced on the diagonal.  Cheese and boudin  inside and an excellent dipping sauce that has a little zip to it.  Definitely a winner.
The "not turkey and the wolf bologna" sandwich is a small work of art.  Thick sliced bologna, fried with provolone melted on top and dressed with fried onions, cabbage served on an onion bun.  The joke is that this place actually makes the bologna for Turkey and the Wolf (but I like the sandwich here better because the bologna is more of the star in this version- shh)
Brisket sandwich features thick slices of brisket that is juicy and toothsome - served with pickled onions, a light horseradish mayo and served on a basic bun.  Really good sandwich.  I would have liked a bit more rub on the brisket.  It was perfectly charred but not dry and an amazing proportion of fat and meat (like textbook perfect) - but I'm just being uber picky because it is good. 
Faro salad was outstanding.  Perfectly roasted beets, arugula, faro and a bit of goat cheese.  Would definitely recommend this to anyone.
Potato salad was really fantastic.  Nice chunks of red potato with a beautiful creamy mustard dressing and some onion etc.  
There is a sandwich for your vegetarian friends on the menu, but I'm not sure some of them could eat inside because it is a working butcher shop... but there is seating outside and away from the center of the room action.
Plenty of take away items - including sausages and meats and stock and lard and whatnot.
The place has panache and the staff has pizazz and we will be back!  
Parking is a bitch - just deal with it - it's worth it.  There is a pay valet lot up the street - for $4 if you can't walk a few blocks.
Only "negative" is that the seats at the bar aren't made for people with a real ass - but that's not such a bad thing for a restaurant that would want you to eat and enjoy but not linger too long because there will surely be a bevy of people waiting once word gets outWanted to try but the girl behind the counter was rude, didn't know the menu and acted like she didn't want to be there. My guest and I walked out.