This is a cool pirate bar in a neat alley that is easily missed. I would stop here every time i visit. The bartenders were very friendly as well. Ask them what the history is behind the building.Great place to stop in for a crisp Abita beer on tap, then move along to your next shopping destination. Though I wouldn't mind stopping in to try one I their snack options next time...I like this place because it's Not on Bourbon Street. Tucked away at the end of Pirates Alley, bartenders wear pirate outfits. You must try an Absinthe, don't worry you won't hallucinate. I didn't, but I only had one. Totally enjoyed cold chillin and secretly eavesdropping on a group of locals. Now, that's better. Ahhhhh......Good little spot, proper absinthe pour which is not too common at all. A bit touristy but hey, when in Rome. CheersThis is one of those hole the wall places that you just have to experience. There is nothing grand about it, but we always make it a point to have a drink here on each visit to New Orleans, and we always have a great time. It seems no matter when we are there, the bar is filled with the friendliest people. Now, to say the bar is filled means about 10 people. Its a wee little place with a few bar stools and even fewer chairs/tables. It's a great place to sit, relax and have a drink. My husband and I took shelter here one night when it was pouring and had the best time! It was so stormy out and there were about 10 people in the bar and we all just laughed and had great interesting conversation. Something about the intimacy and the unavoidable proximity to every one else makes it seem like everyone is old friends.I adore this place! My mom really wanted to try absinthe (as a passionate hater of black licorice, I was a bit apprehensive), and I picked this place for us. Mostly because of its location and vibe. I'm very pleased with my choice, because it was a great experience.
The staff was very friendly and fun, and there were only a handful of people in there, discussing The Walking Dead (which I still haven't gotten around to watching). One of them was a bearded guy (kryptonite) with a shirt that said "I love tattooed girls," and I still had a bandage on my fresh tattoo. I should have married him, clearly. But hey, this isn't Craigslist.
The long haired blonde bartender was AMAZING. I wish I remembered her name. She made me a sazerac to my taste, and she gave my mom the full absinthe experience, including a history lesson while preparing the drink. She was awesome, and she made the experience great.
Another employee offered to share his Hot Tamales with me, which is another plus in my book.Nice quant little place. It had the best absinthe in town. The atmosphere was great and very inviting.Great drinks and Puck the bartender is great!  She knows her history so not only do you get great service yummy drinks but you also get to learn something new.The bar is tiny and the drinks are standard but being able to sit out on the alley, at dusk, while the cathedral looms in the background is just enough to get me coming back again and again.Great little spot located on the corner, to grab a beer and sit at the quaint bar or outside on their patio. They do not have a large variety of liquor but enough to make a Pimm's cup! Very dive-bar atmosphere with low expectations. Just chill here and enjoy your beverage of choice, along with a pirate theme.It's so cheesy that you appreciate how cheesy it is after a couple of cocktails.
Yeah, this is a super small *blink and you'll miss it* bar in Pirate's Alley. Yeah, the female bartenders are trussed up like wenches. Yeah, they serve Absinthe. Yeah. the whole place has a pretty "toursity" feel, but by the time you venture into this place none of that is going to bother you.
The place is small and cozy and tends to get packed, but there is seating outside, so what are you complaining about? They serve Absinthe and it comes with a whole fancy story that is intended for tourists but if you're a local, I'm sure you will appreciate it as well. I like it here because it feels like a secret hideout, since it's in alley. Cash only, sucka.Gross, over priced, rude bartenders. Don't waste your time. Plenty of other bars in the area, better keep walkingPirates Alley is a rare quiet corner tucked away off of a French Quarter side street. 
I'd definitely recommend stopping in to try an absinthe.Fantastic atmosphere and fantastic drinks. They really spend time making your drink to make it perfect.Great spot for great absinthe.  Actually it is one of my original 'stumble upons' in Nola, and i go back every time I'm in town.  They used to light the drinks on fire (apparently that isn't very classy, but is fun), until someone got lit on fire... although they won't talk about the 'incident' anymore.  Great bartenders, only cash - even a nice lost and found cough cough..Great atmosphere . Laid back and fun. Friendly servers. This is a must stop every time we come through herequick review for a tiny bar.
i like this place. they mix a good drink, they have tables outside , it's all very comfy and cozy, and it isn't on bourbon street. 
i like it, i recommend it, and i will returnMy wife and I always end up here everytime we visit NOLA. It's a fun place with good drink prices, a great location, a clean bathroom, cool outdoor seating in the alley, and absinthe.After a morning and early afternoon shopping, I stopped in here to cool off and grab a drink while my daughter shopped the bookstore next door.  Figured this was an excellent chance to try absinthe for the first time.  The place is small, but has a great feel to it.  The barmaid was friendly and talkative.  Can't say I will ever be a fan of absinthe, but I will check this place out again the next time I am in NOLA.First came here before it started selling absinthe. Always loved the quaint, hole in the wall, bohemian-esque atmosphere (and the people frequenting it). Tucked away in an alley, it's like finding buried treasure.Small, smoking outside only, and a great absinthe set up.  Our barkeep not only took her time to explain to us the process of preparing the drink, but also chatted away with her customers, regular and first timers.  Very relaxed, a great place to go before braving the "slightly" more intense Bourbon street.The absinthe is sickening, but that's why we stopped in here. The pirate costumes are great and it's really a place you want to stop when you visit NOLA for the first time, but I'm thinking that the second or third time you stop in, it's better to drink an Abita. The prices vary based on customer so make sure you wear your best Pirate outfit when you stop in. It'll be a quick stop and when you're done, head to the book shop a few steps away and buy one of Anne Rice's vampire novels. Hey, when in NOLA...Just ordered a sazarac...really the worst! it was almost clear...where was the sazarac whiskey. Stay clear, clip joint. RIP OFFI really like this bar.  I had a lot of fun.  So much fun that my ability to verbalize has been severely diminished.Oh Pirate Bar...how I miss you!
This is my absolute favorite New Orleans bar. You can't beat the atmosphere (if you're into pirates that is) and the staff is always friendly and often hilarious. Plus if you show up in full pirate gear no one will bat an eye!
Tony and Thais, the owners, are usually there during the day and they are sweet as can be. Thais also knows a ton about the history of absinthe, so if you're into it (I'm not a fan) go by and ask her about it sometime. 
Drinks are good, crowd is usually fun, and there's an outdoor seating area! The whole bar is tucked down and alley next to Jackson Square and close to everything. Great location, great people, great place!This is a super nice rather hidden bar with good drinks and pleasant staff.  Sometimes they're closed for no apparent reason.  Probably the best if not only reason to be in Pirate's ally after dark.It's a cool little place kinda off the beaten path. I have no problem with it being cash only even though I do find it a little archaic. I mean when some of your shots are $20 each you could probably earn a bigger bottom line by swiping people's cards. I mean the processing fees aren't that much compared to the higher average ticket you would accumulate. I personally went there with a group of 12 people who all only got one drink because we didn't have that much cash on them. I can honestly say the group I was with probably would've spent no less than $60-$80 per person if we could a used our cards. Now don't get me wrong I don't want to sound like a prude but when people are on vacation and if you have a brain you don't carry that much cash on you. I mean obviously you're doing something correct to be there as long as you have been. Just as a businessman I'm constantly thinking of the bottom line and how do I increase. By taking cash only it's definitely not the way. I find all that does is encourage dishonesty and creates bigger tips for the bartenders at the end of the night. But once again I'm not a prude and this will not discourage me from returning I just have to remember to bring cash next time around.There are a lot of bars in New Orleans, from the get-it-and-go Daiquiri Shops on Bourbon to the places that serve excellent, authentic, hand-made sipping-cocktails, with an atmosphere that makes you want to sit down and savor them.  Pirates Alley Café and Olde Absinthe House is one of the second.
We came for the Absinthe.  My friend had never tried it.   I had tried it at this place on a cocktail tour, and I thought it would be a good choice for her Absinthe Experience.  We were there on a quiet Tuesday afternoon.  Brooke delivered 100% both on the legend and the ritual of Absinthe, even going as far as discussing the subtle differences between different brands of Absinthe.  We sipped the first drink, then shared a Sazerac while chatting with Brooke and a local tour guide who was also enjoying the bar.  
The next day we returned for their version of a Hurricane.  They make a beautiful drink, in a tall glass, with fresh juices, coconut rum on the bottom, dark rum on top AND it tasted fantastic, unlike the Kool-Aid flavored booze you get at Pat O'Briens.  
All in all, I had 3 great experiences here, a rare find in the French Quarter.This is a good place if you're a newbie to absinthe.  The bartenders will give you  good history on the drink.  I would try the absinthe here before moving to the other absinthe places uptown or in other parts of the city.  It's not exactly the best quality but, it's a good $10-$20 intro to absinthe lesson.
They have a nice outdoor patio with a view of the cathedral and alley.  I liked sitting out there more than the bar area which looks divey and crowded.  They don't have table service so you'll end up at the bar area no matter what.
Lastly, it's right next to a cathedral - an active cathedral.  I find this a bit ironic.  New Orleans is one of the most indulgent and sinful cities that I've been to however, it's also one of the most Catholic cities I've seen.  Go figure.Strictly 3 stars cause no Ac. In a bar in New Orleans?! That's no good for me who sweats in 70 degree weather. But the drinks were good and fair priced. They seem to do absinthe here that is popular with cool water station for it. Neat to have a bar in an alley but get some Ac!Structurally this is just your basic corner bar in the Quarter, but it is located next to the fantastic Faulkner House Books, and sits in the shadow of St. Louis Cathedral, which gives the bar more of a literary edge than other Quarter bars may claim.  The outdoor seating area and cobblestone alley heightens the Old Word vibe.  Add in the fact that they make a deliciously dangerous sazerac and you might find yourself embarking on a bender with a higher than normal quotient of erudition.I really enjoyed my visit here. The decor is fun, the bar is small and intimate, the service is friendly, and the drinks are much more reasonably priced than on Bourbon Street. Pirates Alley Cafe is a wonderful place to relax before or after a tour, and don't forget to try the Toxic Baby (it tastes way better than it looks).Doing the tourist thing. Was referred to this bar by a local who served us lunch in a French Quarters restaurant.  The bar is a small quaint open air place where the bar is the only place to sit unless you prefer outside.  Loved the atmosphere and conversation with the knowledgeable bar staff on absente and other drinks.  Will return to this bar.Go for the experience and to try or see absinthe being poured it's pretty cool. The bartender is very nice. But....the beer us pretty bad. You can see the keg lines and they are not clean.Fabulous!! What a great vibe and the bartenders/pirates are extremely friendly and fun. I have nothing negative at all to say about this gem.Have you ever tried Absinthe?  The Pirates Alley Cafe is a MUST-STOP for any serious imbiber (is that a word?).  New Orleans folklore meets "history in a bottle" meets Pirates Alley which is said to be haunted.  Now top that for a New Orleans experience!   
This is THE place to try Absinthe.  This licorice liquor while not my drink of choice, is a necessary try for anyone interested in the history of drinking, cocktails, and who has an adventurous spirit.  Absinthe, with its legendary allure, used to have psychotropic properties, which is a nice way of saying it used to have cocaine in it.  While made illegal and the recipe altered, the history of strange phenomena surrounding the imbibing of Absinthe remains.  What better place than Pirates Alley than to give it a try.  This place has a small bar, but off the beaten path, and rarely packed.  You will get personalized service, and some stories too!Really cool absinthe bar tucked in Pirates Alley off Jackson Square. The bartenders are costumed as pirates and know how to entertain the crowd. They have absinthe cocktails as well as others. One in particular is odd in a good way, called the Brain Hemorrhage (or something like that). There is limited indoor and outdoor seating.Drinking Rum before 10am makes you a Pirate, not an Alcoholic... That's why I chose to indulge in this little bar.   It's a cozy little bar with excellent service, and clean restrooms!   A pirate's life for me!   
Ohh, don't forget your gold!   This is a CASH ONLY sippin' holeDefinitely would not come again. Had potential but the bartender changes prices for drinks by the whim.1. Cash only, but they have an ATM inside.
2. Calmer and quieter than anywhere on Bourbon Street.
3. The decor is pretty cool.
4. Absinthe drinks!Yeah, this place is way cool.  Use to go here regularly when I lived in NOLA.  Tucked away, next to Jackson square.  Pirates Alley serves up a great brie plate(do they still have it?)  And pretty good wine.  Outdoor seating is nessesary or else only 7 people would be able to eat at a time.  It's filled with candlelight, and kind of spooky :)  During the day noone is there, so if you want lunch, you'll get really good service.  I truly do miss this place.  It was dear to my heart at one time.  xoxoVisited the place at the new year's eve. Staff was rude and drinks were below average. Again staff was rude....
Sorry one little bad experience is enough for 1-star i will give a 2nd chance then we will see...This is still my favorite bar in the French Quarter.  They have an amazing fun staff - they have the adorable pink and blue toilet paper in the bathroom, and they have chartruse (and of course absinthe)
They have knowledgable people who work there, who are fun and the place is in the best location - far enough of bourbon street, and yet in the heart of the quarter.  A must stop!I'll spare you the pirate jokes.
Except to say that the bartender working here had the biggest pair of treasure chests I've ever seen.
I went here for one reason - to try absinthe.  I went during the day, about 89 degrees outside, soaked with sweat.  It's an open air cafe, so I didn't get much relief here.
I approached the bar and tried to look the lady in the eyes.
"Absinthe, please."
"We have (she rattled off three or four different kinds)."
"What kind do you recommend?"
"I hate all of it."
Awkward silence.
"Just give me the last one."
And that she did.  With the grace and care of Rosie the Riveter on an assembly line, she plopped the glass down, poured some green liquid in, and set a sugar cube on fire.  
"That'll be ten bucks, babe."
Okay, so it was two o'clock in the afternoon on a Sunday.  I guess you should go at night if you want flair.
The absinthe itself was fun to watch, and drink.  Mission accomplished.
The bar/cafe is super small inside, but they do have a bathroom.  That earns them an extra star.
All in all, I'm glad I stopped by.  I don't think I'd stop in on a crowded Saturday night, but it served its purpose for me.
Viva l'absinthe!I can't say enough good things about this place.  My husband and I visited New Orleans over Memorial Day Weekend (with a few days on either side) and ended up going here every day for a drink or three.  Service in NOLA is spotty at best, but every bartender here was friendly, kind, and very attentive - which is saying a lot considering that the drink they're known for (absinthe) is a production to make for the dozens of people who come in for it every night.  We felt totally comfortable and at home there, and enjoyed taking a break from being tourists to sit and watch the action outside.  Not to mention that the building and alley have such an amazing history.  If you go to NOLA you should NOT miss this place - trust me, you'll fall in love with it as much as we did!!!  
To the bartenders who served us (Jill, Shaye, and the really awesome girl from Portland whose name I can't remember) thanks for making our trip that much better!!One of the best bars in NOLA.  The absinthe rocks.  Located down a dark alley...you feel like you stepped back in time a few hundred years to this secret place.  Pirates Alley is small, warm, dark and kind of bizarre place...you feel like you are dreaming when  you are there....must be the absinthe.  Not sure about food....they were all out of it after Mardi Gras...good thing we called ahead....but they recommended the Gumbo Shop....which turned out to be the perfect late nite stop before we got here.  This place does not feel touristy. I will be back here for sure!Their take on a sazerac was dreadful (topped with soda- very watered-down). 
Not the friendliest service.
Only saving graces- absinthe fountain (I wasn't having absinthe at 12:30 in the afternoon however)
and
great location in Pirate's Alley.This divey bar is located in the French quarters. If you want French absinthe, this is the place to come. Just make sure you have cash, this is a cash only bar. If you don't, there is an atm located at the back of the bar. The turn off for me was the customer service. Our bartender was clearly unhappy that she was working and she put this negativity energy on us and all the patrons. Maybe that was part of the theme of this dive bar? Make sure the customers get pissed off and only stay for one drink to get more people in? Although this could be their strategy, I might be giving them to much credit. Cute place to check out if you're in town. However, I have no desire to return.This place is very small but they have a wide selection of absinthe. I also had a rum drink which was pretty average. What I liked most was the atmosphere in the place. It's located in the French quarters and went here during a tour. They do not accept cash but have an ATM.Nice place to chill rest your soul after a long day wandering around the French Quarter and it's down an alley beside the cathedral. 
Their big sell is the absinthe, but they also sell beer and wine. Nice place to chill, with locals & tourists popping in for a few. The staff is friendly, and it's a nice relaxing atmosphere, plus they have outdoor seating if you want to smoke. They also have a limited snack selection.On my yearly crusade to the Big Easy I always come with a list of "must dos", this year a genuine absinthe experience was on my list and this place did not disappoint. 
We ducked out of the rain into the muggy and dank bar, the dim lights set the stage perfectly for our tasting. We plopped down at the bar and ordered 2 kinds of Absinthe. The bar tender was a complete joy and gave us the full experience. She talked all about the libation and its history and the proper way to serve and enjoy it. She poured ours over the sugar cube, to a match to the cube, and let it burn. The eerie blue flame was mesmerizing as we both let out a quiet, "oooo". Next she let little droplets of water fall through the melted sugar creating a swirl effect in the glass which is called "seeing the green fairy". She even put lights under our glasses so we could see it better. Finally we could taste. Mine was a bit sharper, the anise flavor was very apparent, my friends was much smoother and sweeter. 
Overall the adventure topped my list of favorite things to do in the city. It is such a nostalgic and unique thing to do, I highly reccomend paying a visit and seeing the green fairy for yourself!Celebrated our engagement here immediately after it happened, so obviously this is my favorite. It's off Bourbon St. and much less crowded. Neat little day drinking spot!Still get carded, but still love this place. took my parents here when they came for my law school graduation, having not been to nola in decades (one of them anyway). great bloodies, right by jackson square, and quintessential new orleans. i will come back any and every time i'm in nola.Cool little hidden gem off the beaten path.  The bartender is an absinthe wiz...she knew everything about it and they make it the traditional way with a water drip.  For me I prefer the absinthe in the champagne since I am not a big licorice fan.  
This is a little hole in the wall bar, no food and a small menu of beers/cocktails.  Loved it.Awesome fun little dive. Pirate themed drinks and Caribbean style music. The bartenders were funny and friendly. Grab a drink and a seat outside for prime people watching!I really can't just get past how uncomfortable myself and the group I was with were made to feel.  While I'm waiting for colleagues to arrive, I'm sitting at one of the tables outside.  I hadn't ordered yet because as soon as my group arrives, we might have to run only to return later.  One other table is occupied, but otherwise, it's empty.  Some guy dressed as a pirate and carrying an empty cup remarks to me, "We don't have table side service, you have to come in to order a drink."  I suppose this was a comment to get me to order a drink, instead of sitting on a table, but it made me feel rather uncomfortable for no reason.   I wasn't taking up valuable table space or anything.  Practically no one was there at the time.
Once we finish working, we decide to go to Pirates Alley Cafe for drinks.  The place is absolutely crowded now, but we were all able to find a nice table outside to sit.  Then a guy comes up to us trying to sell us beads, the SAME "pirate" comes out and starts yelling at the guy, making everyone at my table uncomfortable and giving us all sort of a bad vibe.  Killing the jovial mood pretty fast.
Also, why the costumed staff?  It's ridiculous.  I don't know if I've ever felt this uncomfortable at a bar.  A drink is a drink, but really I'm not going to go to a bar that makes me feel awkward.Nice quiet place to enjoy a drink and the Quarter.  Had the $20 French Absinthe.    Not anything exciting IMHO.  The Mojito I had next was much, much better.  Will be back next time I'm in town.So I randomly ran into my aunt and uncle (and their friends) on Halloween as they were heading to one of my uncle's favorite bars in the FQ. Of course, they couldn't miss me as I was the one in the enormous Mad Hatter hat.
Who knew my Ohio (but Louisiana born) uncle loved this place? And why? Because he likes their absinthe service...which was a bit off (plastic cups) on Halloween night but still. I have no idea what sort of absinthe was served as I am not a fan. But if you're looking to drink the formerly forbidden drink in the shadow of the cathedral than this is the place for you. 
It's a great location and off the beaten path a bit. Sitting outside and watching and commenting on everyone's costumes was a great end to my Halloween festivities. My favorite costume? A girl who was the travel gnome and her costume was mostly yarn and posterboard. Supercreative.
I think the last time I stopped in a this place, it was more of a restaurant...or maybe that was because it was during the day. Sometimes FQ memories can be a bit hazy, y'know.Megan was a friendly bartender. We stumbled our way off bourbon street and were so happy to find this low key bar. Plus we learned all about absinthe and tried it! Pretty good!After chatting it up with my hotel bartender, he recommended going to Pirates Alley Cafe to have some Absinthe...so haven't had Absinthe since my last trip to NOLA.  If you know anything about Absinthe...respect the green fairy cause she will bite you in the arse if you don't.  Basic rule sip it nice and slow.  I think the most entertaining thing is sitting outside and people watch as you sip the green fairy...trust me, the bf didn't respect the green fairy and paid for it the following day! :)The absinthe drink is good, although I was a bit disappointed that they had only two brands- and the prices... !!!   that's why the stars. 
The atmosphere is great- kinda makes you feel like pirates would come in anytime.This place was recommended by a friend who traveled to NOLA a few years ago. The bartender went through the whole absinthe process with the sugar cube and dripping water, which was a cool experience to see. The absinthe was pretty good but the bartender was not. She was not friendly at all and came off very judgmental and pretentious - rolling her eyes, condescending remarks, etc, but was very friendly when it came time to pay. My group of friends are not obnoxious by all means - 3 out of 8 of us were not drinking since we were hungover. We were asking her questions about the absinthe to get a little background information, but it seemed like she didn't want to be bothered by us. The bar wasn't even busy. We came the day after Mardi Gras, so maybe she was disgruntled and jaded by all the tourists. Also, she commented on how she enjoys taking money from drunk people to her friends. She must really think she is a pirate.
The bar had a good vibe, but the bartender was the worst (she had black hair and left sleeve tattoo). After our visit, we saw that there were similar complaints. We aren't taking it personally. Enter at your own risk. The service was bad enough that we wouldn't go back nor recommend to a friend.So, this place has serviceable drinks and seems alright in general, but I think the bartender tried to scam me. I guess "tried" is an understatement, because she succeeded.
My boyfriend, his parents, and I stopped by here to kill some time before our dinner reservations. We just moved to town and his parents have been coming to New Orleans since the 60s, so they wanted to show us around. We sat down and someone accidentally knocked over my boyfriend's mother's glass of wine. I immediately went inside to get another. Now this place is cash only and the wine was $5. I gave the bartender two 5s so she could make change out of one for the tip. She looked down at them and then put them both into the till, and then turned around and deliberately started talking to other customers and studiously ignoring my efforts to get her attention. 
I'm ashamed to say that since I didn't want to cause a bigger fuss with my tense future parents-in-law in sight, I walked away. I doubt that any bartender expects a $5 tip on a $5 drink though, so I'm pretty sure her move was deliberate, and I guess it works on suckers like me. 
I won't be going back. If you do, use caution.Pirate's Alley is worth the visit. It is hard to tell where the street ends and the bar begins which makes for a quickly rotating crowd which is great for people watchers. Lee, the bartender, is one of the best that's ever been.  She is cute, funny and friendly with great customer service skills. She keeps the place very clean. We met two guys from Holland and we were teaching them some New Orleans culture.  They were curious about what a Mint Julep is.  Lee made us one with Maker's Mark bourbon that was not overly sweet. It was so good we named it "Lee's Maker's Mint".Really great little spot, with the coolest bartender! I loved the ambiance and decor. Felt like a secret hideout for locals. We tried the absinthe, which isn't my thing (I don't like licorice), but the toxic baby was really really good! A bit intimidating with its black color, but it tasted girly! The bartender was sassy and flirty and made great drinks. Fun place!Little gem in the alley of French Quarter, tasty strong Absinthe , cute outdoor with Pirate vibe :-) I didn't try food, only came here to enjoy Absinthe and the outdoor. 
Sadly the outdoor sitting is all smoking and the heavy smoke flows around you, not much enjoyable if you are non smoker :-(I don't have much to say on this place. 
It's not grand and it's not completely whack. It's just Eh.. 
Once again, my friend suggested i check it out while in New Orleans, and have a Lucid Absinthe.  I''m not the biggest Absinthe fan but, i gave i a go anyway. It was fairly gross. But, the taste would have been the same if i had had it anywhere else so....  that's not saying much.
The atmosphere was, how shall i say it....? Lacking!
Nothing out of the ordinary about this place. I would not put this on the MUST SEE list when visiting, however, i would not advise against it either. Go if you want and don't be sad if you miss it. 
It seemed to be a place where the ghost tours end up. I have to admit, it was sorta fun eavesdropping on their conversations. But sadly, NONE of them where ghost related. However, there did seem to be lots of drama going on between the tour guides though. ;-)This place is totally cheesy. It is small, and has a single unisex restroom. Pirates Alley is right on the West side of the huge Cathedral in the Quarter. There will more than likely be homeless sleeping by the church nearby. This is a really small bar, and I am so sure the limit of people to be inside is maybe 20.
The first time I stopped by, a friend was visiting from out of state, and it was a warm Spring evening. There were several customers dressed like pirates that evening. The group I was with got several of them to come out and take a picture with us, and after, one of the guys actually said that we should buy them a beer as payment for the picture. The picture wasn't even taken on my camera. But whatever.
Most recently, another friend and I were walking around before a parade in the Quarter was going to start to have a drink to warm us up on a chilly January evening. It was mainly tourists just hanging out. The bartender was dressed as a wench. It was pretty cool, and not as packed as before.
It is cash only, they have an ATM that I am sure charges an exorbitant fee. It does feel like a secret hangout, seeing as how it is off the major streets in the Quarter, and totally just feels like a hole in the wall. This is a great place to take visitors if your tired of the major bars in the area.This place is so much fun, we didn't mind going back over and over again, in the hot humid August evenings, even though there is no air conditioning here. This is the home base for many of the ghost and vampire and graveyard tours in New Orleans, at an intersection of 2 alleys (the devil, we might remember, is to be found at old crossroads). There is absinthe to be had, traditional style, although the best choice in this old pirate's boat-factory-café is a taste of the old rums, straight or on the rocks. Next door in the back garden of the cathedral, we found a ghostly figure that kept looming larger the further away we walked.Zachary's pretty much got it summed up on this place, I'm just agreeing with him.  The place is cute in a quirky over-decorated kind of way.  It was also the only place we saw a substantial number of foreigners while in New Orleans.  I got a hurricane there because I hadn't had one yet and I wanted to get it over with.  OK, here's the thing: the bartender looked at me like I was an idiot, but then since they don't make them often (or maybe at all) she didn't have the mix handy and made it from scratch.  BEST DAMN HURRICANE EVER!!!  I'm gonna go back there and piss her off and order it again.
Also, they serve Absinthe there!  I don't know how they get away with it because of our stupid laws against it, but they do.  Personally, I've had absinthe in Europe and I think that if it wasn't illegal in most the world no one would pay it any bother - it kinda sucks.  However, you can go to this bar, choke down a glass, and have done something that would probably make you as rare or perhaps more rare than actual members of the mile high club.  
Overall, if I lived up the street, I'd drink at this place frequently.A true piece of NOLO, don't miss this place! Try the absinthe served the proper way with the sugar cube and ice water dripped from the fountain. Watch for the green fairies and enjoy. If absinthe isn't your thing try a refreshing Pimms cup instead! Cute place with some real pirate history!This is my favorite bar in town. I've been visiting Nola since I was a kid. So I've been to a lot of bars in and outside of the quarter. This place is tucked away down pirates alley. It's like a little escape in the middle of the quarter, it's super chill and a bit more quiet. My husband is a big fan of absinthe, they have a nice selection. The other drinks on the menu are Caribbean inspired, my favorite is the pirates punch, rum and fruity!! It's a small cute place, love the pirate decor!!The number one place to get Absinthe in the city!
Don't let Pirates Alley Cafe's eccentric decor and festive demeanor fool you, when it comes to serving Absinthe, it's all about class.  The knowledgeable bartenders serve you the green fairy in the traditional method using specialized spoons and water droppers to transform the bitter drink into something palatable yet potent.  Beware not to drink your glass too quickly or you'll be hit hard by the high alcohol content of your drink.  
Pirates Alley Cafe is also located at a prime history location, so ask your server about the rich history of merchants and pirates that traveled the area, searching for a strong drink.  
Friendly service, and beautifully strong drinks makes Pirates Alley Cafe a must visit for drink and history buffs alike!We had a good time here....you know once you find a good mellow bar to go to and a good bartender...it's all good. :)
We got a corner space and let the drinks come on!
We had Absinthe here and it was alright....I don't like the taste but my hubby finished mine up so it was all good.Ahoy!  This place is great!!  Tiny little bar with a great alley/patio seating area.  Definitely order the Green Fairy - not only is it cool to say you had Absinthe, but the whole drink-making process is great to watch.  Our bartender gave us a play-by-play and a history lesson.  Everyone was super friendly and made us feel like locals.  Arrrgh!This place was...interesting. First of all, it was TINY! It seems like all the ghost tours stop there, so it was also really crowded. We left the first time, but came back later when it was a bit slower. However, even though we got seats at the bar and were looking directly at the waitress for quite some time, it took her a really long time to start our absinthe drips. Almost like she kept forgetting us. 
I also kind of feel like this place is a bit misleading calling itself a "cafe" since that implies food and they really only offer pizza by the slice (and they don't actually offer that since someone tried to order it and the wench replied that she didn't have any, it would be at least 35-40 minutes, etc.). Also, for a place that basically prides itself on only absinthe, I thought it was weird that they only had TWO kinds of it...a $10 version and a $20 version. 
We had never had it before, so we just got the $10 versions. I have no idea if it was "good" or not since I have nothing to compare it too, but BOY does it taste like STRONG black licorice!! It looked cool when she was making it with the light and the sugar cube drip. I didn't personally really like it, but my husband liked it, and my friend LOVED it. She downed that sucker FAST and then started hallucinating which was entertaining!
It was a neat looking place, but I probably wouldn't really feel the need to go back if I visited NOLA again since there were other places that were larger serving absinthe the same way.Hidden gem, just off the Jackson Square hustle and bustle! They have a limited menu but the bartender will make you whatever you fancy. We had absinthe and the spicy sangrita - both were fantastic, and the service is really friendly and laid-back. I can't wait to go to this place again the next time I'm in NOLA! It's cash only so plan wisely... and for more than one drink!Finally knocked NOLA and Absinthe off my bucket list. Yay to NOLA, WTF to the Absinthe.
Our server wasn't friendly at all. We had no issue with the cash only, but could we get a smile? A thank you? A pleasant attitude? 
Great location though and loved the Absinthe decanter. 
Won't go back.Very small place. And cash only!! 
It's the kind of place that gets better the longer you're there. The bartender seemed to be having a hard night so service was quick but not friendly.It was an interesting one time experience but I don't think there's anything special enough about it to go back. It's CASH ONLY and the service is slow and not very friendly but if it's a 1st visit to NOLA, it has a fun pirate twist to it that's entertaining.