I love Pita Pit. I have been to a few different ones and it's always great. The delivery took a while but the food was completely worth the wait. It's also super awesome that they are open late.We ordered delivery.  Prompt.  Never saw a menu, so I  just  got a club.  Sorry that I did.  Others had way more interesting pita's.  Mine was a bland and tasteless experience.  I give you a star for prompt.  A star for nice delivery, and one star for my mistake of not seeing a menu.
however, the taste of the ingredients?  well....   there really wasn't any taste.  how can you serve meat with no taste, or tomatos with no taste?
this says lots to me.Fantastic fast food. Perfect price friendly service. Best bang for your buck. Breakfast all day is a major plus.I ordered food for delivery at 7:15, it arrived after 9pm. By the time it got to me it was cold and soggy. What kind of place only had one delivery guy working on a Friday night???? This poor guy was running 15 orders at a time. I gave him a nice tip because I know it wasn't his fault but I had to wait two hours for my food. By the time it got to me I didn't even want it anymore. I should get my money back or free food on the next time but my consolation was a sincere apology on behalf of the delivery guy who admitted to me he had already given his two weeks notice. What kind of business are you people running?Very pleasant atmosphere and outstanding food. My wife and I started a strict diet in January, have stuck to it. My concern when visiting the Pita Pit was being able to  eat within the constraints of my diet. The beauty of the Pita Pit is that I could select all the right products. The food was fresh and actually had good flavor.
I have referred several people to the Pita Pit and will continue to eat there.Had Pita Pit last night because it was one of the few places open late. (til 1am). I got the Gyro and my friend got the Uptown Club, something like that. The girl who took our order seemed kind of rude, but she wasn't to the couple in front of us - don't know if it's because we were speaking Spanish or what...? Besides the service, I really enjoyed my meal. I recommend the yogurt cucumber sauce on the Gyro.Went for lunch because I was craving a gyro pita. At first I didn't notice anything but for the fact I was the only one there. First when they got the gyro out to put on the grill it came from a tub the had random pieces of feta and other meats in it. Then as I was telling the guy, might I add the only guy that worked there, what I wanted on my pita I noticed the food on the line. The limes were brown and molded and the cucumbers were so old you could see through them. The place looks like it hasn't been cleaned in months. The counters and tables are covered in crumbs and the floor is filthy. Then to top it off the guy handed me my pita in a left over pita back that he removed pitas from. Won't be back.Tried the blu bayou smoothie.... they should stick to what they're good at. The pitas! If you want a smoothie stick to the KING!They have awesome hummus. Their chicken soulaki with wheat bread tastes yummy! They have a cool sit down place to have your pitas..Good. Cheap. Veggie friendly. These negative reviews seem to be hyperbole.I've been waiting 1 hour and 15 minutes for delivery.  I finally called just now to see what was going on and an exasperated sounding woman on the other end of the line informed me that their standard delivery time is over an hour and that my order would come in about 15 minutes.  That my food would come (allegedly) an hour and a half after I ordered it would have been great information to have an hour and a half ago when I could have ordered food from someplace that understand how to do delivery.  Why in the world would it take an hour and a half to make and deliver a freaking salad?
AVOID ordering from this place.  The quality of the food hardly matters at this point.  The service is terrible.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
One hour and 25 minutes later, my salad arrived.  I asked for buffalo chicken with avocados and mushrooms added. Its shredded lettuce, tomatoes that are literally rancid (I had to spit them out), a glob of gross looking guac, 2 rubbery triangles of swiss cheese and about 8 cold chunks of hot sauce soaked chicken cubes.  I picked off a couple of pieces of chicken because I'm starving and threw the rest in the trash.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!  This is possibly the most disgusting meal a restaurant has ever presented me with.  I hope I don't get sick from eating the chicken.Geez. I wanna like it. I wanna love it. I can't. The place has the air of nasty.  The brownish lettuce and stepped on tomatoes support my feelings. Guys, if don't look fresh it ain't fuckin' fresh. And that's the shit that's obvious.YUM-YUM come and get some!  The staff is always friendly and efficient!  A set up similar to subway but with a grill! Wonderful Late night spot because not so fatty!  My favorite pita is the grilled chicken wheat pita with this special dill sauce they use. They know what I want before I walk in!  Whenever I send people, they always find their way back!  You're next!!!!Do yourself a favor and eat this food.  They also deliver.  I use to order delivery once a week, and it never disappoints.  The sandwiches are big enough to share and prices are extremely reasonable.i have been smoking weed for 10 years
and just had pita pit for the first time
wtfffffff
hummus sandwich exactly like id have made if i werent such a lazy asshole...
why no one tell me?
i can order online late as hell and not feel too bad about my munchies.  amazing.I ordered delivery from Pita Pit and they said it would be about an hour for my pita to arrive. I waited two and a half hours for my sandwich and had to help the delivery person find my location in uptown. My sandwich was cold and dry when it finally arrived. I called back to see if there was a discount for the  delay and they only offered free chips and a drink or 2 cookies on my next purchase. In truth, I cant judge the quality of the Pita because of the condition in which I received it, but my overall experience has turned me away from ordering Pita Pit again.this place is awful. gross. i would NOT recommend it. i ordered delivery because i was hoping it would be good...it took 45 minutes longer to order than it was supposed to.....whats up with that. also, once the food came. it was subpar and soggy. stayyy away. i bet the pita pit in baton rouge would deliver faster than this one.I have never been in here before.    the time before I just blindly ordered and someone brought me food.  this time?  chicken souvlaki.   pretty cool / kinda like subway where you pick and choose what goes on your pita.    everyone super nice, and so glad I came in.
I am working uptown, so I grabbed your delivery menu, and again, very impressive and you can be very healthy here.   good to know.   AND you have a parking lot.   even better.
see you again real soon.I've been to Pita Pit a lot of times, and each time I went the service and food got worse. I've ordered online and had my food delivered way later than what was said, and of course it was cold :/
I know fresh veggies when I see and taste them and, boy, those veggies are not fresh. The guac was brown, really?! Somehow red onions ended up on my pita which I NEVER order! I really liked Pita Pit whenever I first got here, but now I drive past it and don't even look twice. Not ordering from there again. Sorry Pita Pit, I tried.I was on Magazine Street and in need of something healthy to eat.  I stopped at the Fresh Bar and was shocked that they didn't have nutritional information on their dressings. How can a place that serves quick, healthy (supposedly) food, not have nutritional information?
So...I venture down the street and stop in at The Pita Pit.  Again, no nutritional information!
I'm starving at this point, so I figure that I'll just get a pita with no sauce since I know the nutritional information of standard ingredients.  
I was really happy to see that they offered whole wheat pitas.  
I went with the jerk chicken, which is a grilled chicken breast with grilled onions, green peppers and pineapple.
I added some fresh spinach and mushrooms to my pita. 
At $8.50 after tip (just the pita...no drink or chips), I found it to be on the high side, but I gotta say, it was very tasty!
I'd definitely hit up The Pita Pit again for a healthy option.
NOTE:  I just went to their website to see that they do indeed have nutritional information posted.  It would've helped if the workers I asked about it knew that.  I was told there was no nutritional information on their items.Pita pit is great and more specifically this location. The manager, Matt, always has a smile on his face and works his ass off to complete your transaction as fast as possible. Great food and service.iI have been going to PitaPit for a few months now and I usually get the Dagwood everytime.  It consist of turkey, ham and roast beef  which really fills me.  Well Today I thought I would try something different.  Mistake!! I got the Chicken Souvlaki.  It 's basically a Greek seasoned chicken but the problem is they only give you 6-8 very small pieces of chicken on the pita.  SO I felt like I was a vegetarian eating only the pita and veggies; the veggies consumed about 90% of the pita.  If they want to stay in busy they need go all out with the portions of meat and be alittle more friendly.  At lunch it's a time for us to get away from the office and feel some great postive energy from where we may be eating.  I also wouldl ike to note they are getting better at service but have a ways to go.  When you go to Quizno or whole foods.  Someone take your order right away and makes whatever you ordered in minutes.  Today it took 5 minutes for someone to come from the back and serve me.  One of the cooks tried to get them from the back but she still didn't come out until I was paying.  I know I sound anal but this place is exactly what we need but the more unchain healthy like places don't make it b/c they are not on top of their stuff.  Oh and to add to Jennifer's B. comment about the parking, it does stink but luck-lee I don't mind parking afar and enjoying the beautiful architecture off of magazine.   I wonder how they got a permit with only a few spots of parking? SOmeone's probably connected politically?! Cheers!I love pita pit! So far it's my favorite delivery for a yummy dinner that isn't greasy and fried.
I have tried several variations of chicken pitas, my favorite being the chicken fajita pita. The sauce is a little spicy, so if you don't like spice we careful. The veggies are fresh and the meat is really flavorful.
Delivery is fast and the online ordering is simple. The only reason it isn't five stars is because twice now they have included things I asked to be left off- once cucumbers and another time mushrooms. I eat around it because it's so good, but if you're really picky or allergic I would be careful!
Also a big thanks to the delivery guy who came into my house to kill a bug. You went above and beyond man.
EDIT*** these guys really ticked me off tonight. Brought the completely wrong order and when I called they suggested I order again...SERIOUSLY?! Then they said they would call the delivery guy to see if he had my order and could just bring it- still haven't called back.They need more of these in the city!! It's like an upscale subway for ppl that like to eat healthy.  I like how it had vegetarian options, like falafel balls with your choice of whatever, made me want to scream obscenities of cheer.  I'd def suggest this to anyone in the area, close to whole foods too :)Fresh and fast. Great selection. Wraps and smoothies and breakfast too. Great place.I came here three times and this place is okay. It wasn't that great and it wasn't bad either. Luckily, i came here when Im super hungry so everything would had tasted good. I got the philly cheese steak pita and it was okay. Dammit i can't say anything else about it. THE END.5 stars for a fast food place? Yup. Is it Commanders Palace? Nope. But it is the best fast food option I've encountered here. 
Doing special events for a living, I constantly need quick 'n' dirty lunches; however, I am trying to eat healthier, especially on a daily lunch basis, so we end up getting Subway ALL THE TIME. I am so bored with Subway, I can't stand it. Plus, they really don't usually have the most awesome ingredients, and while it isn't BAD for you, it just isn't the most high quality food in the world.
Of course, this isn't a review about Subway. So cut to Pita Pit, where they have lovely options like Chicken Souvlaki (did I spell that correctly? Lawd.), Southwest Style, and a billion other options. 
But Chicken Souvlaki is the shining star for me, because I freakin' LOVE that stuff. Since being introduced to it in the form of a home cooked meal by a friend, I have been combing the city in search of it. Guess what? The ONLY place I have found it is at Pita Pit! That's sort of crazy to me, and if anyone knows of another place that has it, please let me know! But so far . . . only Pita Pit. So they win BIG TIME.
Also, the staff there is absolutely precious and more than accommodating to someone who is, shall we say, less than decisive. 
Add the fact that I don't feel like a big, giant whale when I leave, and you have a 5 star fast food joint! Now if they would just franchise it more and get some locations closer to my house and work, I would add an honorary 6th star. ;-)LOVE Pita Pit. Love even more that they deliver. There are so many great pitas, I can never make up my mind about which kind to order. Super fresh and can be good for you if you want.Talk about addiction!! If you are looking for fast fresh meal and tired of the subway rollercoaster, try Pita Pit.  The chicken is fresh as well as the toppings, sauces and cheeses. A total meal which includes pita, chips and drink is $10.00. I don't know if anyone has been to subway lately, but that'll cost you pretty close to $10.00 for lunch.  They are open really, really late so if your coming from your fave spot on Magazine Street or somewhere uptown, this is a great filler.
The staff at Pita Pit are one of a kind. They are very personable, in fact the owner knows my face and knows exactly what I want before I order. Now, I don't know if that means that I frequent too much or if they are just really into the customer. I never tried the breakfast but I heard it is delicious. 
Jeremey Shockey and Drew Brees loves the Pita Pit New Orleans. Who knows you might just meet them there!I ordered food online the other night around 6:20-6:30, and was given a delivery time of 7:40 - 7:50.  That's totally fine, I ordered at the peak of dinner service.  However at 8:10, it still had not arrived.  When I called the restaurant, they told me it was out with the delivery driver.  I asked when he left.  Their response was, "we were just trying to figure that out, it's been awhile, we aren't really sure."  My food arrived at 8:30 (almost an hour after the supposedly delivery time), half my order was missing, and the sandwiches were soggy.  I was told I would be given credit for the missing items, but when the charge cleared by account it was for the actually amount and the tip that I had pre-paid for.    I called back to find out why the charges had not been reversed and was told, they couldn't refund me, but would give me free delivery and a free combo.  That would be fine, if I planned to order for here again, which I don't plan to, so they aren't out money and I am.When I first moved to New Orleans, Pita Pit used to be my life!!!!! I loved the place and friends joked that I should buy stock or own a store.  Over the past year, I have had more than unsatisfactory experiences with this place!
Ordering is never a hassle because I do it online.  However, what is the point of having a delivery time if you're going to deliver A.) three hours before said time or B.) three hours after said time? 
Food was usually good.  Lately it has been mediocre and cold as Antarctica's nipples! WTF!  I shouldn't have to try to warm my food in the oven for a few minutes to get that freshly made feel to it.  However, I attribute the coldness to my next review (complaint).
Delivery has gone from exceptional to shoot me three times in each leg and foot and I'll still go and get my own damn food, even it is an inconvenience to me! The delivery drivers have been less than decent.  If you are delivery my food please have the decency to smile or act like you care about your job.  Too many times have I encountered delivery girls who act like they have much better things to do with their time.  Please forgive me for ordering food from the place that you get your paycheck from! -_-.  Not only that but I have learned to have the exact change if I pay for cash.  Some of these delivery girls have no math skills whatsoever!  I had an order for about  $43 for some co-workers and myself.  I handed the girl three (3) twenties (total of  $60 right?).  I grabbed the bag of food from her and she instantly starts to walk off.  Either A.) she assumed the rest was her tip, or B.) she has no concept of money whatsoever!  If this is the case, I think she should be making pitas instead of delivering them. I get her attention to tell her that she has forgotten to give me my change. And she smacks her lips and begrudgingly comes over.  She then proceeds to give me change for 50 instead of 60.  Luckily, there was a nice guy standing outside who saw me hand her three 20s because I gave her each 20 one at a time to keep this thing from happening.  She then struggled to come up with the correct amount of change from 60-43.  Not rocket science.  We finally got it together and I gave her a $10.00 tip, plus a free math lesson.I highly reccomend this place. The food is AWESOME and the staff is always so nice and friendly. I work uptown so I usually have my lunch delivered and they are always right on time. The uptown club is my all time favorite, I usually get the pineapple mango salsa on it instead of honey mustard and that makes it 10x better.If you enjoy sweaty students with their hair falling all over the place, and if you don't mind your food coming from a  cockroach infested kitchen then EAT HERE! I ordered a wrap from here and was disgusted at what I saw.. I didn't even bother to complain I just threw it straight in the garbage after what I witnessed.The food is always fresh.  It's a little pricey and delivery can take quite a while sometimes but there is very little else in the area that delivers.  I have ordered here quite a few times and its always hit or miss with the delivery.Tasty but nothing spectacular. Like Subway with pitas. Tried the Jerk chicken -- no kick to it at all. Staff was friendly and quick to get our order out but it was very basic.For what amounts basically to fast food, the Pita Pit is the best you can possibly get.  I've been a big fan since one opened in my college town back in the day and am always excited when I stumble across one now.  I'll even go WAY uptown NOLA to stop by, which breaks my rule of not really going out of my way for a chain experience.  What the Pita Pit amounts to is quality fresh ingredients in a made to order pita with a variety that appeals to Americanized tastes.  Its subway-esque in the "point to toppings" ordering but everything is included in the base price of the pita you order and they grill your proteins as you order.  Its just a satisfying meal that isn't a giant gut bomb.  Its not going to edge out your mom and pop Greek place, but definately 5 stars compared to the likes of its fast casual cohorts.I would absolutely recommend skipping this place.
Not good, not good at all.
Had the uptown club, and my GF had the gyro. Mine was awful, she politely said hers was "OK"... which is a nice way of saying awful.
Thats it and thats all
Two-stars because the service was really good, very friendly.
Lunch quality - poor.If you pay with credit card, double check how much you were charged. I've came here for lunch 3 times while staying nearby and just finished submitting my 2nd credit card dispute where they, apparently, added a few dollars to the tip. This is obviously not a one-off mistake, I'm not going back.
If you're the owner, message me, I've love to talk. You have two receipts from me that don't match what I was charged. You need to figure out what's going on.Tonight we experienced probably the worst service at an eating establishment in quite a long time...for a take out order. Only 2 employees appeared to be working. Multiple customers waiting on food or hadn't even been helped yet. My wife had to repeat the order multiple times and the employees still couldn't get it correct. She asked for no hash browns in her eggs at least 3 different times and the employee was either not listening or high because he couldn't not get it correct. In addition, my wife had ordered a veggie pita and the same employee proceeded to mix MY ham in with HER eggs. My wife stopped him and repeated again that she ordered a VEGGIE pita, which of course did not register at all. He then had to proceed to pick all of the ham out of the eggs once it clicked that a veggie pita does not include ham. 
The employees told us they were "out of avocado" because they were too lazy to go to the back and get more. When we insisted that the reason we ordered the veggie pita was because of the avocado, they begrudgingly said they would go to the back and get more to cut up. For some reason both employees had to go to the back, leaving food and eggs on the grill and multiple customers not even acknowledged yet. Unfortunately cutting avocados seemed too big a task as the employees came back stating the avocados were "too ripe." Nah, they are just lazy.
I swear there had to be hidden cameras around somewhere and they must have been playing a joke. There's no possible way the service can be that bad. 
This was our first experience with Pita Pit and absolutely the last. 
My recommendation would be to find any other place to eat.Best sandwich/wrap place ever. Great vegetarian options, and they have a lot of different selections than other typical sandwich places. I LOVE that they have hummus, whole wheat pita, spinach, avocado, cilantro, etc...! I've never gotten delivery, so no complaints here!Ordered Pita Pit late Saturday night and I was extremely surprised by the delivery time.  It seemed liked by the time I hung up the phone and got back into the show that I was watching the delivery man was knocking at my door.
For a post midnight delivery you can't beat that!
As far as the pita itself I can't really complain.  It was bland in flavor but considering everything I should have expected it.  After midnight, delivery, and under $10 it was a pretty good deal.
I ended up going with the Philly Pita.  I guess I didn't really understand how they dress the pitas.  I ordered it thinking it would be just meat, onions, peppers, and cheese.  And to my surprised it was also dressed with lettuce and tomato.  So biting into what I thought was going to be a hot philly and getting cold lettuce and tomato disappointed me.  There could have been more cheese as well.
Like I said it's decent for a quick relatively cheap bite, and they do late night delivery so you can't beat that in Uptown.Placed an order over the phone for delivery that never arrived. The order was still charged to my card. Called back after a couple of hours and they said another one would be sent out. Still nothing. I was essentially stolen from and nobody I spoke with fulfilled their promise to fix the mistake. Disgusting business practiceThey deliver to the warehouse district!  Enough said. No more pizza for me.Yum!  Great wraps, lots of options.  The employees are super-nice.  They're open late on weekends, and it's a great late-night snack.I ordered Pita Pit for the first and last time last night.  The online order form was very convenient and easy to follow.  I submitted my order for delivery at 9:45 PM.  I called about ten minutes after placing the order (9:55) to inquire when I could expect to receive my delivery as there is no estimated delivery time when you place an order through their website.  The man I spoke to on the phone told me that they had just finished making my order and would have it to me within the next twenty minutes.  Twenty minutes passes...  Forty minutes passes..  At 10:40, nearly an hour after I placed the order, I call back as I have not yet received my food.  I speak to the same gentleman as earlier and he tells me that the delivery man left about 15 minutes ago and should be to my house any minute.  Twenty more minutes pass and I still have not received my food!  Finally at 11:10 my cell phone rings - the delivery man is at my door.  After waiting nearly an hour and a half for food I was told would take 20 minutes, he hands me my food without so much as an apology!!  I'm not sure what they consider 'Greek' about the Greek salad I ordered, it came with brown cucumbers and tomatoes (neither of which were in the description) and lacked feta. I'd asked for a sweet tea with no ice (just in case it took forever for the delivery to come - I wanted sweet tea, not melted ice with a splash of tea), guess what I got? Melted ice with a splash of sweet tea.  I also had a caprese pita which tasted alright.  It matched the description and had it not been cold, maybe I would have enjoyed it.  I payed about $20 for the meal including the $3 delivery fee and $5 tip I included with my order - it was not worth the wait!  I also feel that it is important to mention that it is not like I am far away - it's less than a 10 minute drive from my house.  There are so many better places to eat in this city and so many places that deliver - DO NOT EAT HERE, YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY!I wanted to love this place so badly being a big gyro fan, but I was horribly underwhelmed.
First off I got the distinct feeling that the veggies they use had been frozen, which is a total turn off. Also and this may be nit picking but I've never seen a place wrap a pita like a burrito until I came here. I was completely and utterly baffled at the way they filled and wrapped the pita. I always thought they should be wrapped like a big taco..............anyway I digress.
I felt like the meat could have been seasoned a little more, and the milkshake almost tasted like it came from a powder. No bueno!Great place for late night eats... highly recommend the Uptown Club with Honey Mustard!A few years ago, this place was our jam. Then we moved and they didn't deliver to our area. We moved again and found out that we could deliver from them again. We placed an order last night and we didn't receive it until an hour later than said time of delivery! The food was cold and not fresh (their slogan mentions their food to be fresh). We contacted them and they gave us a full refund in credit. We decided to use it again. Same exact thing happened, an hour late but the food wasn't as cold as the evening prior. A small thing, but we ordered two cookies for dessert (strawberry shortcake and chocolate chip) and gave us two cookies that are neither! I feel like that is a VERY simple order not to mess up. 
We will not be ordering delivery from them again in the future. Breaks my heart. Hopefully their take out and in store service is better. They used to be real good.I am not about the Pita Pit.
Most of their wraps are not great. The Chicken Caesar is actually really good though.
But anyways, we got catering and they completely messed everything up. We only wanted to types of wraps, and they sent a complete mess. They were SO rude on the phone.
They do deliver until 4 am, so that's pretty bomb.Awesome place!! Great value for your buck. Very hygienic and the staff is also very cooperative. I really had a very good time at pita pit.Nice place. went for lunch on the weekend. Wasn't crowded at all. Very fresh and I love whole wheat pita!Tried this place out for the first time tonight and I'm definitely ordering again! I got the Uptown Club with double meat and a strawberry/pineapple smoothie. Both awesome. Definitely give this place a try. :)Great for a late night meal. They have a wonderful selection, including vegetarian options. I can say the falafel is good. The smoothies contain REAL fruit, unlike some popular chains which use juice mixes. There usually isn't a very long line either. I pkan on going again.NEVER AGAIN. Ordered online. After waiting, I decided to call at the time the pitas were supposed to be delivered(over an hour after I ordered) and found out they "didn't receive the order." The pita pit website had charged my card and I got an email confirming that the order went through. Either the website is messed up or the staff is incompetent. I'm inclined to think the latter because when I finally received my order after having to repeat it over the phone and waiting an additional 30 minutes, the order was completely wrong! Oh but they did give me an extra cookie... So that's niceI was looking for a place to run in and grab something to go. I go home from Tulane via Tchoupitoulis and wasn't going straight home. This is down at the end of Magazine near Audubon Park and Zoo. I read some helpful reviews from my fellow Yelpers, and decided to give it a go. 
Oh-my-gosh! I got Da Caprese and it was Da Bomb! I will definitely be going again. And again. And again. The staff is friendly and most importantly the food was great. It is also very filling. It will cost you almost $10 for a pita and drink, but it is worth it. They have some vegetarian options as well and a small breakfast menu. They have a kids menu too.
Enjoy!I proposed to the delivery boy when he brought me hummus and falafel pitas at 11p on a 95+ moving day. 
Anywhere else, it would have been weird; but this is the Pita Pit so he smiled, said thank you (like his momma taught him), and went on his merry way.A friend and I were Uptown and avoiding parades, during the Mardi Gras season, when we decided that we really needed to eat. Since all of the good restaurants on St. Charles were blocked by dumb floats (ha), we ventured off the beaten path in search of sustenance. In other words, we went to Magazine Street.
Restaurants on Magazine have this annoying habit of closing at a reasonable hour- 10pm, so we were hoping to find something that was open a little later. That's when we noticed the glowing "open" sign in the window of Pita Pit. I'm not usually a fast food person (unless it's Taco Bell, don't judge me), but we were super hungry so we stopped in.
Pita Pit is basically a Subway for pitas instead of sandwiches. I am obsessed with comparing places to Subway, but here we are. You walk up and tell them what kind of pita you want, and they add whatever "fixins" you want to it. I got the cheeseburger pita with lettuce and tomato with a side of chips and a drink.
The pita was actually really good. I think that pitas are supposed to be healthy, but I nipped that in the bud with my cheese/meat combo of DOOM! There was a good mix of veggies and cheeseburger in it, so I liked it.
Pita Pit is what it is. It's a fast food place, but it's pretty good in pinch. I can see the appeal of it, especially since they deliver all over uptown and they are open until 1am, so I'm sure they do a good late night business.Super average. It's like a Mediterranean Subway. The service was super average, and the food was pretty bad. I got the falafel pita, fork-style, which means falafels over a salad. I got to pick my lettuce and all the toppings and dressing. But the falafels are kept in a small fridge under the stove, pre-made. They put them on the grill and press them, and then put them on top of the salad. The falafels were bland and soggy. The salad and toppings were fresh enough but nothing to write home about. 
I love Mediterranean food, and I appreciate a casual restaurant. But this place is definitely not worth going to a second time.Pita Pit is a good lunch option for the Uptown area, especially if you are a student of Tulane or Loyola. It's always fast and it's not yucky fast food. They will make your pita anyway you want and I am always satisfied with the quality of the food for the price. The employees are always friendly and patient when you have a hard time choosing off the menu. Inside and outside seating is available and they keep it nice and clean inside. I always would take mine to go for a picnic in the park between classes...ahh memories.Ok.  So I ordered online for delivery. Apparently that comes up as "pickup" on their end.  It was supposed to be delivered at 1 pm. 1:30 rolls around and I call...only to find out that it had been sitting there for 45 mins.  After speaking with the twenty-something employee, they informed me they weren't going to remake it.  After the delivery guy figured out he was at the wrong address,  the amount of gyro meat with my "fork style" (aka salad) meal was laughable.  Oh, and when they called me back, instead of announcing the business, he said...simply..."hey". As if we were long time friends catching up.  Pathetic.  Don't go here. Oh, and they will charge you $3 dollars for delivery, and argue with you whether you actually clicked on the huge "DELIVERY" button on their website.I can't speak to the delivery service (which may or may not be terrible, depending on your level of inebriation/sense of entitlement, based on reading a few of the negative reviews here) but I can speak of their availability and expeditiousness at 1am when I'd just spent the previous twelve hours at various events/screenings that were a part of the NOLA film fest and just wanted some GD food before I went on a hangry rampage and then died of starvation. Luckily none of that happened and I was able to sate my famishment with a gyro pita loaded with hummus, spinach, cucumbers, cilantro, roasted corn, black olives, and tzatziki sauce. 
They're open super super late? They have a ton of protein options? They have a shit-ton of fresh veggies/healthy choices AND you can make your pita wrap to order? Their prices aren't completely ridiculous? Yes. Yes to all of the above. 
The probably-too-old-to-be-sporting-a-goatee-and-ponytail'd guy behind the counter described the place to me as "We're like Chipotle.... just for adults." A fair description. He also cautioned me against the falafel by saying "I am a falafel enthusiast, and I wouldn't recommend the falafel we've got." So take that, for what it's worth.Pita Pit...I WANT to like you. I keep trying to like you. Why do you do me this way? Delivery is always later than they say it will be (we fell asleep waiting for it tonight) and the veg quality is frequently questionable. Last time it was bitter, wilted lettuce. This time? Brown avocado. Dude, avocados turn fast - I get it. But don't put that shit on my pita if it's brown. Nobody wants that. And adding a metric ton of mayo isn't going to cover that up either. It's just so hit or miss that I don't know if I'll order again. The gamble isn't worth it (says the half-eaten pita that the dog is eyeballing).I got one of your pita pit cards, after I asked about what it was.    it was explained and I said YES....    only to find out that it wasn't activated at this location.    
I will be back and this time I would like to have it activated.    please?
seems odd to go through the explanation and then not activate when I purchased.    I'll take it the person at the counter missed the memo.5 stars?  Yeah that just happened.
It is great for what it is which is a fast food joint which serves good grub.  They have healthy options and also not so healthy awesomness. Screw  Subway.  Go here.   I like the steak and cheese although the BBQ pork almost made me cheat.  It looked really good.  Maybe next time.
Service is friendly and quick.  Parking lot sucks but at least its not off street.  Prices are pretty good as well.
Check it out!Horrible customer service. Do not believe anything they say. Do not order food for delivery from this location. When I placed my order, they took my credit card information and then told me it would be an hour before they could deliver. Thankfully an hour was acceptable, but then they called and said it would be another half hour. I called after the additional half hour and they stated the order hadn't left. They stated it would be another 20-25 minutes, but they couldn't promise anything.Just had the grilled chicken caesar wrap and it fresh and delicious. I am not always a fan of wraps as sometimes they are more wrap and not enough filling. Not the case here. Definitely worth the trip.Ordered for delivery.  Took an hour and a half, and the food temperature was so cold it may as well not have been cooked.  Very disappointed.Tasty little joint. Open late. Outside seating is nice. Parking lot a little small. But what isn't down here. Lol.I love me some Pita Pit. It beats Subway, for sure. Lots of different meat and veggie options, including hummus and falafal for veg*ns. The only issue with this place is the parking, but it's on Magazine Street, so I wouldn't expect a huge parking lot anyway. Bonus points for being near Whole Foods, so I can grab a pita either before or after doing my grocery shopping for the week.I love Pita Pit. Think Subway, but more options, much better tasting, and in a pita. Not sure why this is listed as vegan or vegetarian, but they do have meat. They also make breakfast pitas. 
Pita Pits are only in college towns, and I don't have one close by, so whenever I travel near a college town with a Pita Pit, I make sure and stop for some delicious food. Get you some.We were riding around late at night and this was one of the few food spots open in that area of uptown after 9pm. We stopped in for a pita and it was just as lame as I expected. I got the chicken with the funny name and it was ok at best. The pita was really laughable yet the price really wasn't. I don't think i will ever be back.This is my new favorite semi-regular quick bite place.  It's the perfect alternative to Subway, but with not quite as many healthy options.  Works alot like Subway does as well.  There are numerous base pita stuffing options and you tailor it to you're liking.  All of the ingredients are fresh and plenty of robust sauces and dressing to top it off.
My only complaints are parking and price.  Most of the pita combo options run about $8-$10.  I know, I know, it's really not that bad.  Plus, it taste so good that it is truly worth it.  Parking is limited, however, I could only see it being a problem with a lunch crowd.Why should you go to Subway when there is Pita Pit???  This place is awesome they grill up the meat and veggies fresh on the grill right in front of you and the options are endless.  The have breakfast pitas, tons of meat pitas, and a good selection of veggie pitas.  I sometimes have difficulty deciding because there are so many choices.  I gravitate toward the Chicken Souvlaki because its freakin awesome.
They also do a good, healthy kids meal that hits the spot with the little one.It took TWO HOURS to get my food.
After calling several times they kept saying it was a new delivery driver. And they didnt have his number. ONLY TO CALL ME BACK TWO HOURS LATER TO TELL ME THEY NEVER PUT MY ORDER THROUGH!!!!!!!
horrible.I had a buy one-get one coupon so of course, I had to take advantage!
I walked in at about 4:30, and there were 2 other people in the place - both employees.  Not a great sign, but at least there wouldn't be a wait.
I perused the menu of options and settled on the Gyro and the Tijuana Chicken.
It took about 5 minutes for them to cook and put together the wraps, and I just got the traditional fixins on each of them.  The Tijuana Chicken was pretty good ( I ate this one while it was still warm).  The chicken was flavored well, and the beans, avocado, cheese, and chipotle sauce made it oh so yummy.
The Gyro was also pretty good (I ate this one the next day cold).  The lamb, tsatziki sauce, and other normal fixins made it all come together in the traditional fashion.  All in all, I was very satisfied with my visit here.  The 2 employees were very friendly, the food tasted good, seemed to be of good quality, and the price wasn't bad either.dude, i was super starving.  like about to die starving.  pita pit was the only place still open that delivered after 11pm on sunday.  so i call in to order a dagwood, with some vicky jalepeno chips.  kid answers tells me to "hold on a sec."  i am then on hold for 10minutes.  but not really on hold, he just put the phone down and i could hear people talking.  the guy basically put the phone down and decided he didnt wanna deliver anymore.  after that i called multiple times periodically till 1220.  they didnt answer the phone for a whole hour and a half.  so i gave up went to sleep starving.  
yo ive been there.  where i didnt wanna do my job and i wouldnt really care about the stoner not wanting to deliver anymore but "i was sooooooooooo hungry and it was my only option, that was really messed up"
i had worked all day and all night on a double.  left my car in california so i bike around town.  everything was closed on the way home because its sunday so i knew pita pit was the only delivery near me after 11.  yeah i should fill my fridge with food during the day but why whyyyyyyyyy whyyyy... why me why not deliver my food then screw everyone else over.  lol. not funny.
if anyone knows of places that deliver late lemme know im looking for options.This is my late-night go to food option. Out of the whole area, this place delivers the latest. I love that they use fresh ingredients and cook your food when you order. You can expect to spend about $10 for your pita and soda. But even on my hungriest of days, I always walk away happy and full.Not a bad option for a quick lunch, at a reasonable price, in the west magazine corridor.   Fresh veggies and decent meats wrapped up in healthy white or wheat pita bread.  Grab a table on the patio to enjoy the magazine street scene.I went in the afternoon and it was not too busy. I had the buffalo chicken pita and it was very good. I liked the variety of toppings and sauces. The only problem is that I probably could have eaten two of them.....Ordered the chicken Caesar pita and it was delicious. Bacon came with it and I was able to customize it with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes etc. Most of the pitas are $6.99. Good price for the portion. I will definitely be back.