Had a large pepperoni  and a large marghuerita pie.  They were good.  Very close to a new york style crust--but not quite there(native NYer)  Tasty red sauce.  Decent prices.  The house salad looked great for 6 bucks.  Parking was easy.  Bathrooms were clean.  Nifty dinner plates.  Will probably head back sooner or later.
NY crust when pizza is first cooked.  Turns into a cracker after it gets cold...The best pizza  place I have ever been too. New York style pizza with thin crust & very flavorful.  The MARGHERITA pizza is my favorite with fresh basil! This place is a must. Afterwards, take a stroll down to DVD rusty rainbow to walk along the Mississippi River.I'll admit that I was more than a little skeptical about trying this place.  Other holes-in-the-wall that New Orleanians seem to hold so high and dear (I'm talking to you, Domilises) I simply despise, usually because the food sucks.  So when I heard about NY style pizza being made in the Bywater, I had to check it out, but only because NY style pizza in Louisiana is virtually nonexistent.  
The pizza here is incredible, and lightyears above any other pizza I've had in NOLA, and I've lived here for over two years now.  The sauce is perfect, they don't use too much cheese, and the crust is to die for.  The garlic knots weren't the greatest TBH, but the pizza was so good that I didn't even really notice.  Also, the whole place is run by hipsters, which is always fun.Boom.  There it is!  From beginnings as a humble speakeasy to a blown up Bywater legend, this place is always humming w/ super fresh salads, pasta and pizza pie of all flavors.Amazing! So excited that there is a place to eat now. The cauliflower rolls are to die for! Never had something that I wouldn't order again. I usually order a specialty pizza, house salad, and either garlic knots or cauliflower rolls for our family of 4. We eat until stuffed and still have extra pizza for left overs.I went on a day where one of their specials was the Hawaiian.  It was great.  The pineapple meshed perfectly with the smoked ham, sriracha AND CHEESE!  The flavor and ingredients were good but I was not too fond of their crust...it needed a little more butter or olive oil.  I also ordered the pepperoni pie and it was good..but again, the crust was a bit lackluster.
Just to try other stuff on the menu, the bucatini carbonara was available on the special menu.  I ordered that dish and it was pretty darn good.  It consisted of Pasta, Peas, Prosciutto, and Parmesan!  
For this review, this was my first visit and I gave it 3 stars.  I plan to head here again for the Holiday(when I am back in town) and hopefully they will have a different pizza as their special.  I hope to give them more stars!SO GOOD. I'm from NY and it's hard for me to find good pizza here, Pizza Delicious hit the spot! Their pasta is great too. They have outdoor seating and it's dog friendly. Highly recommendI found myself sitting in Bywater at 9:30pm on a Sunday in mid July. I kept asking myself WTF am I doing out here on a Sunday (I live in the Metry burbs) waiting for this great mythical pizza I've been hearing about for the last few months. "Am I going to get mugged?" "Is this pizza going to be worth this drive?" "Why does the chick waiting in front of me have more under arm hair than I do?"
Anyway, I called P.D. in the  afternoon on this particular Sunday to get my order in. Around 3pm probably. I was told because of their limited ability to meet  their high demand(a good thing, I thought), I would have to come pick up my pie at 9:15pm that night. I weighed my options and decided to go for it. I didn't have work on Monday, so that settled that.
They had 3 pies on the menu, and I wanted the pepper and onion pie, but they had already taken enough orders to put an end to that. So I went with the one below, directly described from their blog:
Our third, but not to be neglected special is GREG AND MIKE'S HOMEMADE MEATBALL pie! The secret recipe of beef and pork are rolled out one at a time by yours truly. You can add CARAMELIZED ONIONS to your meatball pizza as a special treat.
I waited about 10 extra minutes than what I was supposed to, but no big deal. I enjoyed watching and talking to some of the people that came in to pick up their pies. 
The pie is 18", probably enough for 3 or 4.  Huge NY style slices. I got my pie and headed out. I had not eaten all day, and what do you know, I catch a long train heading back home on St Claude Avenue. So I killed 2 slices right there in front of the train, and that was my first experience with Pizza Delicious. Let's just say it is properly named. The crust is excellent with a nice char on the bottom. The toppings were ample, as was the cheese. My only complaint was that the cheese didn't go high enough towards the back of the pizza. Seems a lot of pizza spots mess this up, but I like a little cheesiness when eating my crust.
Nothing much more to say. The pizza was great, the experience was pretty cool, and I can't wait to get back out there again. Just some tips; order your pie early to ensure an early pick up time. If you are driving a car or bike out there, watch your surroundings. It is not a horrible neighborhood, but it can get sketchy pretty quickly out there.The food is as it states, delicious. The staff great. I had the crab butternut squash risotto, amazing. I also just happened be there when a cooking class from Nocca came in and it was fantastic to see the owners come and explain the way they started and what they wanted to achieve(also fellow New Yorkers). This is a great spot and I'm glad it's in my new neighbourhood.How have I not told you that I love Pizza D? I used to do the takeout when they were cooking the pizzas out of the community kitchen, and I am so happy for them that they were able to get a permanent location.
It is a bit of a trek for me right now, but once I move to Gentilly, it won't be so far away!
Their pizzas are HUGE, but that means more leftovers for me. Between working full time, going to school at night, and helping K with his business, I often don't have too much time to cook nowadays. So leftovers are always welcome, especially when they are from Pizza Delicious.
I have yet to try the pasta because I love their pizza so much, but it sure sounds delicious. Maybe once I am able to visit more frequently, I'll want to try something different--aka the pasta.Won't take credit cards for delivery.
The pepperoni rolls are awesome and very affordable.
The pizza is good, but I don't like the way the edges are always burnt.Really solid pizza place with a few craft beers on tap. We could tell this is the place that the locals eat, and I can see why. Pizza by the slice and good beers makes for an ideal lunch spot. The pizza was solid (spinach pizza, pepperoni) but a bit greasy. I've definitely had better pizza, so it's not quite a 4 star pizza place. Worth visiting for lunch if you are in the area, but don't expect to have your mind blown.Fairly Good. Love the crust (not too doughy) sauce isn't hard on the stomach, cheese had me sold (very good). I insisted on ordering the Pepperoni (though a bit greasy) because of my husband and child being a Pep lover, as I love cheese, onions, peppers, etc. overall the experience was great, food was good(def recommend) how can you resist an 18" pizza for $20,  NOT I SAID THE CAT ;)This is a shop that sells pizza pies. It is on Piety Street. It is called Pizza Delicious. I cannot abide this heinous waste of a good pun.
The pizza is good.It's been two years since my last review and now that I've had their vegan options, it's time for an update. 
I so appreciate that Pizza Delicious is vegan-friendly. While 2 years ago I was straying from my vegan diet (it's over 20 years for me), I've been back full-force for about a year now. As hard as it is to resist their mind-blowing Margherita pizza, it's not really *that* hard when there is always the option for switching out to Daiya cheese (excellent when melted) on any of their pizzas. Hey, it's great for lactose-intolerant meat eaters too, btw. There's also a specialty vegan pizza (spinach & pesto). 
I'll be honest and say that as is typical of most places that offer up pizza by the slice, it's so much better when you order an entire freshly-made pie. That could just be me. I wasn't ever too keen on corner slices in New York, either. I think the last time I had two slices of vegan pizza, I was kind of disappointed, but that was back when it was a cauliflower variety and I'm not sure if cauliflower works on pizza. At least not for traditionalists... No big deal as they changed the vegan option anyway. 
Recently my friends told me that I had to try Pizza Delicious' pasta and they were oh-so-right! The vegan campanelle is a wonder to behold (yes, it's beautiful) and devour (yes, it's Delicious with a capital D. Truth in a name!) In fact, I'd be hard-pressed to recall a pasta dish that gave me this much pleasure. The roasted eggplant puree makes the sauce almost creamy and the kale is the perfect slightly bitter and chewy component to the campanelle which has the perfect bite to it. Yelp cliche alert: my mouth is watering just writing about it, friends! 
I'm notoriously cheap about ordering pasta out because I swear that I can make it at home. Well guess what? I can't make this at home. And so, I'll be returning to Pizza D time and time again. Hopefully I can take a break from the pasta in order to try that spinach/pesto vegan pie!The pizza are good - and it's fun to watch the staff toss the dough in the air - but the  salads are my favorite.
There's another reason why you should opt for a salad: You won't feel guilty ordering cookies, and they are not to be missed.  They are pricey, but worth it.Let's face it: New Orleans hasn't exactly been a great pizza town. Sure, there are recent Neopolitan-style outliers like Domenica and the (sort of overrated) Ancora, but until recently Domino's was a viable alternative to the lackluster pies served up at places like Reginelli's, New York Pizza, and Slice.
That began to change when Pizza Delicious set up its takeout/delivery digs in the Bywater a while back, though the limited availability (and interminable wait times) were always a problem: good as it was, pizza shouldn't have to be the kind of thing that you need to schedule several hours in advance. Now that it's set up in its nifty permanent digs on Piety Street, however, Pizza Delicious can legitimately lay claim to the title of Best Pizza in New Orleans.
And that's not just because its competition is so weak: Pizza Delicious serves up some of the best pizza I've had anywhere, period - and having grown up in the Northeast within an hour's drive of some of the best pizza in the U.S., I think I have a pretty good idea what I'm talking about.
The baking team certainly knows what it's doing: I haven't had pizza with a crust this good since moving to New Orleans almost twenty years ago, and would happily eat it on its own (though confusingly, the garlic knots that are presumably made from the same dough aren't quite as good as ones I've had in corner joints in NYC and Chicago). Toppings are fresh and plentiful and the specials are inventive and appealing (the kale and parmesan was a recent favorite). But the true test of a great pizza is the simple, unadorned cheese version - and by that standard Pizza Delicious earns its name, and then some. (That said, the fresh-mozz topped Margherita isn't, to my mind, worth the seven buck premium over the "standard" cheese version ... which, at $13 for a large pie, is one of the best food bargains in the city.)
As for the restaurant itself, it's loud and a little cramped - which is exactly what a good pizza place should be. (If you want your pizza in more elegant surroundings ... well, I guess that's what Domenica is for). The staff has never been anything less than friendly to me over the dozen plus times I've eaten there or popped in for takeout, though I'd wish they'd step up their delivery game a little (currently they seem to have only one guy on a bike and wait times for delivery can be lengthy). A good selection of beer, wine, and spirits (red absinthe with your pizza, anyone?) is an added plus, though except for those not-quite-great garlic knots I haven't tried the pasta or anything else on the menu.
So yeah, I love this place.  Pizza Delicious is the pizza New Orleans has been waiting for: a truly great pizza for a great food city.Like the name says, the pizza is delicious... and they have beer. I like beer. Also, they usually have an interesting crowd, so... Bonus!Technically a 4.5 but this is yelp. Great thin crust pizza and delicious garlic knots. The knots were bit sized, with just the right amount of garlic. It would have been 5 stars but there wasn't all that much meatball on the meatball pizza slice I ordered. Otherwise the place lives up to its name!Delicious pizza as a New Yorker this has been the closest to New York pizza I have found! So tasty and huge pies great bang for your buck the garlic nots also damn tasty.  I regularly drive from uptown to pick up this amazing pizzaThe gigantic pepperoni pizza was very good.  The sauce had a great flavor and the cheese and pepperoni were better quality then the normal pizza jointDude, this place actually trumps any New York slice I have ever had. Pepperoni with caramelized onion and white pie with spinach, ricotta and cherry tomatoes are both rad. Counter babe could have been a bit more helpful/friendly.I am generally very snobby about pizza, having grown up right outside New York. I liked the margherita pizza, though it didn't look like a traditional margherita with a lot of sauce and thick mozzarella slices. The taste was good, the sauce and cheese ratio was appropriate to the thickness. I loved the thin crust. Often times pizza will be described as thin crust, but isn't actually thin; this was not the case at Pizza Delicious. Although the prices are a little high, I recommend eating here.Amazeballs! Best pizza in New Orleans, hands down. Pizza so good that I'd trade my firstborn for it. Great space in the Bywater, amazing staff and worth waiting in any line for.On my last day of a couple day trip to New Orleans, we followed the NY Times suggestion to visit the Bywater.  We trekked via taxi from the CBD (not too far, although not a quick ride either.)  My main goal was to check out this pizza.  And it delivered.  
The cheese pizza was perfectly cooked with a firm, but slightly chewy crust and the appropriate sauce to cheese ratio.  You can hold it at the crust and there is no fold.  The pizza is NY-style/thin crust and it competes with the best pizza spots in Manhattan.  For "desert," we had the broccoli and pepperoni rolls.  Again, both had a fine balance of flavors and lived up to the name "Delicious."
The only negative is that there is nowhere to eat.  We ate on the curb.  It wasn't horrible, but luckily it was a nice day.  If you are a tourist like me, it must be noted that the place is actually just a window and a dry-erase board/menu.So this is the second review I've wrote in like three years.  This place deserves it.  I just moved from Chicago two weeks ago so don't know any local establishments I can depend on.  But I know of one after eating here.  Good vibes all around from the location to the staff to the food!  Will be back many times again.  
I went there with my new vegan friend - who IS local - and she was blown over.  She doesn't even have a Yelp account but insisted I drop a line from her.  She spelled it all out for me in a text message.  Here's what she said:
"New Orleans is a village you have to sink into like mud.  But just below the surface, there is beauty.  And delicious!  We ate tonight at the AMAZING Pizza Delicious!  Not only is the space pretty fantastic but the pizza is really sexy.  Plus the staff was so cool!!!  The owner even took the time to talk with us.  About pizza and how Delicious started - a great American story!!!  Love this place.  Love their pizza."  
So yeah.  5 *s.I don't know if this is my favorite pizza place in the city but it's pretty good. The pizzas huge and more New York style. Make sure you order their garlic knotsFinally the real deal NY pizza!  On a Friday night the place was a little crowded but well handled by the staff, i.e. no long wait for our whole pizza or a table. The pizza itself was perfect--foldable, crisp crust, and well seasoned. 
Now ranks as my go to pizza palace in NOLA.We ordered a vegan Spinach and Roasted Garlic pizza with an addition of cheese (I know, go figure).  It was a great choice.  The roasted garlic was present but not overpowering. The sautéed spinach was scattered in dollops and the whole thing was dressed but not buried in cheese - it was a very nice balance.  The crust was tender but crisp on the bottom.  It was the best New York  style pizza that we have ever had.  Even reheated it was still really good.Pretty good slice ya know but man sometimes that crap undercooked n u fold it but it's still floppy so yea whatever it's goodbest pizza in new orleans.  the only reason i am giving it four stars is because the food is inconsistent.  i don't know if they have a large turnover of employees but sometimes the food is excellent and other times it's quite sad.  overall, if you want pizza in new orleans, i think this is your best bet.Great place with NY style giant slices and it seems like the toppings are local fresh as the menu changes seasonally/weekly depending on what is available.  If you live in Nola and haven't been here, shame on you.I probably go to Pizza D at least once a week, usually after working out. Typical, right?! But seriously, I love this place! The have the best NY style pizza in town. It's fresh and just as their name says, delicious! I haven't tried a single thing here that was bad. I dig their pizza (especially the Kale Pizza!) and their broccoli and cauliflower rolls. Not sure if they make their own pasta, but it certainly tastes like fresh pasta. Also, they have good draft beers and very tasty baked goods. If you haven't been to Pizza D yet, go! Like, asap!
FYI- This place is not for folks who are on a low-sodium diet. They are heavy-handed with their salt, but so am I! Also, there are several options for vegetarians and pescetarian eaters, such as myself.Best Goddamn pizza in the whole city! Garlic knots, pizza beer what's not to like?The pizza here was very good. They could use a bit more structure around how they manage seating. There are similar restaurants that are a bit more proactive in ensuring that folks get a table in order and only then place an order.Some of the BEST pizza I've had outside of NYC.  Their pepperoni pizza has crispy, thin crust and is filled to the gills with pepperoni (what a concept!).  Yes it's greasy (what else does pep and cheese create in the oven?) but it's also flavorful and everything I could hope for in the classic pizza.  Caesar salad with anchovies is also a delight as are their fresh, handmade pastas (ravioli with mushrooms and beef and spaghetti with peas and pancetta).  Staff is super friendly and the whole place seems to be run very efficiently (having the customers bus their own tables was a good idea).  Even on a super busy Saturday or Sunday night the pizzas come out quickly.  Can't wait to go back.  Yet another wonderful find in the Bywater.best place everrrrr! pizza is great, salad was amazing. even if you're not a salad person get the caesar salad you wont regret it!Pizza is one of those foods you can get almost everywhere but at pizza delicious you can also get an unique new orleans experience when dining in. The pizza was very good with lots of cheese and a slightly thin crisp bottom and the sauce was just the right amount.  They have an outside patio that's very cozy and well lit for night time. It's very clean and eco friendly. Great place!Went the other day and got a pepperoni pizza and Caesar salad. I enjoyed the salad but the pizza was literally the greasiest pizza I've ever eaten. I instantly felt gross after one slice. 
I'm never going to get a pepperoni here again. I'm shocked that they send that out without blinking an eye.Pizzas are huge - by the slice is a good alternative.
You order and pay at the counter and they bring out the food to you. 
Loved the vegetarian topping pizza - fried kale. The Cesar salad was simple, fresh, perfect. This is a simple place with pizza done right.The best place in New Orleans for new York style pizza.  Location is a bit obscure and the clientele is on the hipsterish side, but all is forgotten once you sink your teeth into their huge pies.  They only come in one size which is gargantuan.  It's enough to feed for people for under $20.  There are three consistent options: cheese, pepperoni and marguerita.  They also have a daily rotating special along with a variety of salads, pastas, knots (rolls) and desserts.  We always opt for one of their tasty salads that are filled to the brim with fresh, local greens.  They also serve beer and wine.  Only down fall is the lack of tables during busy hours, customers hoarding big tables before even ordering and the long wait for your food on those busy nights.  All in all the wait is worth it for the value and taste.In response to user Sam B.
My curiosity is really stirred about what you think is "authentic".  Please explain what your idea of the real deal is; how does Pizza Delicious fall short?  Slamming a place with no description of what is wrong, or different certainly isn't credible.
I'll just throw out a few actual details about what New York Style pizza is and is not:
1.  Pizza in NYC isn't a homogenous creature.  There are many different styles, and the by-the-slice variety is very different from the first coal-fired pies.
2. Within the subset of slices that are typically thought of as New York-style, there are very big differences in ingredients and quality(especially where sauce is concerned).  Many people in the city only have a frame of reference for what is in their own neighborhood.  Finding a good slice in Manhattan really requires knowing where to go.
3. Among people who really love pizza in NYC enough to travel to find it there is a certain consensus about where the best places are, and what traits define them in this style.
a. There is a fairly (not paper) thin crust with a light spring, there is a crunch at the bottom followed by a slightly bread-like chew.  The crust becomes a little thicker towards the edge, but doesn't spring upward dramatically.  Check in Pizza D's corner for this one!
b. Sauces on the real deal are all over the map, some cooked and some not; many are over-seasoned.  My favorite examples like  Joe's and Louie and Ernie's or Williamsburg, are bright simple and not cooked.  Pizza D excels above the masses of pizzerias in this category.
c. All additional toppings must be of good quality.  Pizza Delicious is using the cheese preferred by the top NYC slice places; their specialty toppings are always well thought out and for lack of a better word "delicious".
I don't see Pizza D promoting themselves as NY-style anywhere on their site or in the restaurant. This notion of denouncing them as "inauthentic" is ridiculous.  I know quite a few New Yorkers that love this place.  They are the ones doing the marketing with grass roots word of mouth.Pizza delicious is my do to in the city.  This is mighty inconvenient since it is across town tucked into the bywater.  But they have the best pizza in the city for my money and it is always worth the trip.  I pretty much universally get pepperoni pizza-wise - but have also found their salads to be excellent.  Bit of a smaller space inside but when i order a giant pizza I generally prefer to hide in solitude so I get it to go.  The times I have eaten there I have always been able to get a table - and service is quick with a good beer wine selection.  The by the slice prices are also awesome if you don't want to be a ridiculous human being.great pizza. garlic knots were cold and chewy. wasn't sure if that's how they were supposed be be....but yeah, i loved the pepperoni pizza.Let's keep it short and sweet here.
Quality ingredients.
Pepperoni Pizza is AMAZE BALLS!!!
Try the Spinach-Feta roll it will change your LIFE!
Cool staff.
Pleasant atmosphere.
Great location!!!Honestly, all good and bad reviews aside, this place is the closest thing I've had to real New York-style pizza since I moved here. If you grew up in the Northeast and crave "real" pizza, skip the bad reviews and check it out. The rotating pasta dishes have all been phenomenal, the beer list is superb, their desserts are wonderful, and the pizza is fucking divine. All this, and the prices are super reasonable (slice are $2/plain $2.5/pepperoni and $3/special pies). 
I don't have enough great things to say about this place. The one con is that the waitstaff can occasionally be too stoned to figure out what their doing. Come on, they've hardly been in their first real location for two months. I can forgive that for excellent food.i went here after hearing their coverage on NPR's Planet Money, and it was only a few blocks from where i was staying.
i was quite happy with the vegan pizza i ordered (i've been trying to eat even less animal products), but not blown away. it was a really big pizza and the crust was nice and crispy. there wasn't really anything wrong with the pizza, it just wasn't mind-blowing. maybe if i had ordered a more traditional pizza i'd be more pleased. i don't have much experience w/ vegan pizza to compare...
i'd stop by if i'm nearby again, like maybe hanging out on Frenchmen street, but probably wouldn't make the trek out from the French Quarter or CBD.At first when I learned that PIzza Delicious only opened its doors for business on Thu and Sun, I thought it was ridiculous....Having now tasted their food, I don't care how ridiculous two days a week is! (And I now understand that they co-op their kitchen with other restaurants and are limited as a result). The cauliflower roll -- a pizza-dough-like roll filled with savory cauliflower (think smoked paprika) and cheese-- was sumptuous...I forewent the awesome pizza pie options and picked a simple cheese pie. (You can tell a lot about a pizza joint by its most basic yield.) It was  blissful. Thin crust, not too doughy or powdery or burnt-crumbly....The sauce had quite a bit of a quick. Just the right amount of cheese (not too much; not too little). And the price was only $12. Well worth the trip out there...More good news- they will soon be moving to a permanent location (with daily service!).If this is the shining exemplar of New Orleans pizza, New Orleans isn't doing too bad. It is rather hidden away in Bywater, and will require a drive for most people. They seem built to sell by the slice as much as by the pie, and their by the slice menu includes not only plan pizza with the option of toppings but also a vegan slice for those in need.
Their pricing created the rather odd incentive to try their appetizers in twos, so I ended up with two spinach rolls and one slice of pizza. Upon trying the pizza, I was immediately disappointed about only getting the one slice, as even the basic cheese evinced a nuanced balance of flavors that conjured up memories of fine New England pizzas of days long past. However, the spinach rolls were not a disappointment when I got to them, and they came wrapped in foil so I had no trouble taking one to go.
It's a small place indoors but offers picnic style seating outside as well. Eating in is counter service. The menu offers plenty of interesting toppings and sides, and I wouldn't hesitate to come back to try them.The place is always busy, so get there super early. The food is good but overpriced. If you have a lot of money and a lot of time and you want some good pizza, you should check out pizza delicious--- you're sure to see some hot hipsters while you wait .Thanks to Steve, I was finally able to try Pizza Delicious after hearing all of the raves about it.
Apparently, this is a pretty hot spot on a Friday night. When I first arrived, the line to order was nearly out the door. Once I made my way to the outdoor patio, and said my hellos, I headed back inside to tackle the long line and place my order.
I decided to get one slice of pepperoni pizza and a Caesar salad (I know, who gets salad at a pizza place?? I'm trying to eat a bit healthier these days. Blah). Once you order, they give you a number and bring your food out to you when it's ready. The first thing that came out was my slice of pizza. It was really big and looked delicious. I took a bite, and as good as it was, it was ALL GREASE. I mean, the grease was dripping out of it when I bit it. I know that pizza is naturally a greasy food, but this just seemed extreme. I was pretty happy that I only got one slice, otherwise I would have really felt gross. That sound you hear is my attempt at eating healthier soaring out of the window.
My salad then came out. I ordered my Caesar salad in a "go box", because I wanted the dressing on the side. Sometimes I tell these places that I want the dressing on the side and they don't remember. Restaurants ALWAYS remember when you ask for the salad "to go"; just a tip. ANYWAY, the salad was so good! It was big and packed with a generous amount of cheese and croutons, so I was really happy and it definitely made up for the greasy pizza. I would definitely recommend the salad.
Because we had a large group, we sat outside so we would have room. Even though it was a nice cool evening, the mosquitoes attacked me with a vengeance. I was chewed up, y'all! Not cute. Maybe they can put a citronella candle out there or something. Other than that, it was really nice to sit outside. Ha.
All in all, Pizza Delicious wasn't bad. I think if I go back, I'll get a pizza with more veggies on it, in order to cut down on the grease factor.This is the best attempt at NY style pizza in New Orleans. Although I prefer slice, this is closer to that one would have in NY, and it is anything but bad. definitely in my top 5 pizzas in the city.Came here two more times with my family while staying in New Orleans over the course of a month, every visit was as good as the first.  Says a lot about a business when you get the same stellar food and treatment from staff on a busy Sunday or a low-key Wednesday evening.  I'll see you next time Pizza DLove their garlic knots; love the 'za, love love love their cookies.Walked in the door at 10:51 and these sweethearts fixed me right up, without a smirk in sight. Down to earth, great pizza and FANTASTIC salads.I'm allergic to wheat and dairy so a pizza place is never high on my go-to list. This one, tho... had a wonderful house salad with a subtle vinaigrette, and they added pepperoni and prosciutto to make it a meal. The pasta looked delicious and got rave reviews and the pepperoni pizza may have saved a life.It's sooooo gooood. I love the atmosphere. Homey, neighborhood-y, and comforting. The newly opened outside dining area is AMAZING. It's got heaters, warm lighting, and is actually really romantic. You order and pay at the counter, and they bring it to you, which is always nice if you're short on time. 
The margherita pizza is fantastic, but the special of the day pizzas are out of this world. The rosemary-potato slice is my favorite. The potatoes aren't gross, they're thinly sliced and fabulous. 
The carbonara is actually very good too. AND THE CAESAR SALAD!!! I'm not sure how a caesar salad can be so freaking good, but it is. It's amazing, actually. The croutons, holy sheezus. If they sold them, I would buy them by the truckload. I really don't know how they make such a good caesar salad, but it works. 
It's great for a party big or small. Come ready to chow!Dang, this pizza is damn delicious.  It's not so much the toppings, I just got a pepperoni slice and beer while waiting for my BF to finish nerding out at the record store next door, it's the crust.  Which, that's the base for a good pizza.  First, it's completely flat, and the bottom has this little toasty crunch with each bite.  So. Dang. Good.  I wish I had tried a different slice as well, but got a salad, which was also yummy, but could have been pizza instead.  Oh well.  
I also got a beer on tap, Watemelon Gose Green Zebra, which was quite tasty.  I'm usually an Amber or dark brew type of gal, but this has me looking up places online where I can buy a pack.  
BF bought me an Earl Grey and dark chocolate cookie, which was amazing!  I've never been to New York, but have quite a few NY style places I tried when I lived in San Diego, but this is probably my favorite slice ever.Sweet baby divinity.  This is the spot where anger over no great NOLA pizza goes to die, reincarnated as delicious, delicious, eponymous pizza.  This is the spot where you remember/realize that what we call pizza is actually done right in some spots o' the globe, rather than a late-night afterthought.  Which, by the way, when did that trend start? I'm sure there's a fascinating History.com special on this that compares immigration statistics and fast-food patterns.  Maybe an A&E series.
Which is to say, the food here kicks ass.  I've been scarfing slices since they were a Thursday pop-up and a website that had a speak-easy style address filtration, and in the time since they kickstarted to a brick-and-morter spot they have won more collective hearts than a video-game...you can see where this is going.  It's not cheap, with the average specialty pie costing a little over $20, but what they do they do so right.  Even the basics are great, and if you feel like a little dessert they make some lip-smacking strawberry ice cream sandwiches. Combine that with good beer, a cool minimal-yet-spacious location in the Bywater, and staying open to 11 pm on weeknights, and you've got the best pizza in the city.  I say that not having eaten from everywhere in the city, but I now put the burden of proof on you.
Bonus: The size of the pizzas. They're just, just big as the concept of food.  One pie is good for four meals if you eat them by yourself in bed because nobody else can appreciate how good this vegetarian speciality pie is.Good crust (crispy with some crunch), but I thought that the flavors were lacking on their rotating pizzas (Hawaiian and White Pizza).
I'll be back to try a pepperoni slice, garlic knots, and their rolls! Friendly service, pizza gets out to you quick.Oh heyellllll yes.
I have been looking for some good, sloppy, greasy, fold in half pizza since I moved here. I finally found it.
We went in the other night and got a large half and half (cheese/pepperoni) and it was about 14 dollars. The pizza was as big as a car tire, but way more delicious.
We both felt that the pepperoni wasn't really that great, but we will definitely be back for a big old cheese!Best pizza in New Orleans, hands down. I will usually try the special pizza and am never disappointed. Their house salad is great too. I eat there once a week!Definitely delicious / amazing and definitely expensive- expect to spend $20-$30 on an "18 inch pie. Not saying that it isn't completely worth that though!The pizza here is fricking amazing. Best pizza place I've ever been too.I had a cesar salad and a plain cheese slice. Some of the best pizza I've had in a long time...and I know pizza! The salad was great also. I will definitely be coming back.It's really unfortunate that you guys do not deliver the French Quarter being so close to the French quarter.   It's really not that far away.The best New York style pizza in town, far and away better than anyone else is offering. My husband's a native New Yorker who has suffered acutely from lack of pizza for the ten + years he's been in New Orleans. No more.Visiting from Los Angeles and was recommended this place!  It was so good, they delivered it to our location and the taste was amazing.This place really was delicious. I was only able to stop in once but I loved the vegan cheese slice I had. I tried one without cheese to give it a shot and it was good but not great. I am glad they had vegan options but it looks like some of the most interesting pies would be customized vs the default vegan.Went in around lunch time on a weekday, wasn't too packed but was still half full. 
Very cute place with a very hipster vibe. You order first and then get a table. 
We ordered an order of garlic knots to start, about 15-20 knots for 4 dollars, great value and they were really tasty. 
We then ordered a pepperoni pizza, a large I believe. And it was HUGE. Had very good flavor and a nice crust, was super greasy but what do you expect from a giant pepperoni pizza? 
Overall was kinda pricey in the end but had great flavor and is perfect if you're going with a couple friends to split some garlic knots and a pizza. 
1 Tip: would 100% recommend getting a full pizza and not the single slice, a friend ordered on and said it wasn't a fresh or flavorful as our pizza. 
Only recommendation would be a personal size!!Depending on how you like your pizza, this may not be the best pizza in the city, but it's the best NY style pizza I've had in NOLA. Nice casual atmosphere too.Expensive....very very expensive and all the pasta dishes were terribly mediocre
Are we the only ones? Or everybody is just ordering pizza?!?, which granted is awesome. We ordered 2 pastas, 2 slices of plain pizza, 4 cookies (butter is the main ingredient, yes, but not worth $2 each, specially when the chocolate with salt is way too salty) and 3 draft beers and came to $70.00 before tiping .
I will not recommend it again and unless I want a plain pizza I am not coming back...sorry. the concept was great but they got too full of themselves... but they are nice people...go figure! Maybe is just a chef thing..OMG!  Garlic knots=yum!  This is my go to place for quality food and reasonable prices.  Also super hip and friendly!!  :)Very busy cool little typical ByWater neighborhood restaurant. Popular, busy place with friendly staff. Impressive menu, pasta dishes you wouldn't expect at a pizza slice place. NY style thin crust pizza from basic pepperoni to experimental pizzas.  Vegan and white pizzas.  The red sauce pizza was very tasty.We ordered the vegan pasta and the salmon pasta. Both were quick, fresh and delish! Along with a couple of Nola Blonde beers and a selection of their cookies was just what we needed. 
Cool hip little place with super friendly staff. Looking forward to going there again.Pizza as high culinary art! The folks at Pizza D. are always innovating, mixing unexpected ingredients (corn on pizza? YES!) and inventing one fantastic pizza flavor after another. 
I have eaten pizza around the world and there is something extraordinarily special about Pizza D. Not only is it truly delicious, but the menu is short and constantly changes. That means you can't get stuck in a menu rut, and neither can they. Every pizza is fleeting and special and you don't want to miss it. 
Finally, there are always vegetarian and vegan options, delivery is easy and fast, and you can even order a bottle of prosecco to come with your delivery! 
This is how New Orleans does pizza, and they do it so right.Loved it first time I tried them Pizza done just right thin crust and really good sauce and cheese I will be backwell I finally made it here.   had a pretty simple meal, my man and I both got a slice and soda.   straight up simple tasty, slightly greazy, and good.   
hit the spot, as we strolled the crescent city park with our dogs.  outside seating a bonus, and happiness all round.
this is just straight up simple.  I thought there would be more options for toppings so you lose a star.
customers ranged from hipster to hippy, to young and old.   all good.
I def ignore hipsters.i love this place! i cant wait for the new restaurant to open - pizza every daaaaaaay!Everyone is always nice and helpful each time I've been here. Pizza really is delicious  I've had just the simple cheese slice, margarita pie, arugula slice (love), and the best beat arugula goat cheese salad- yummmm!