This is the shortest review I will ever write. Get off the couch, go there NOW, and order everything. Then, DIE from happiness! I love everything about this pizza Heaven. I'm a big gal, so just trust me on this, okay? I have a hangover and I'm going right now.It breaks my heart to give a John Besh restaurant 3 stars...
Atmosphere: fabulous
Drinks: great variety, fair pricing
Service: attentive (when they're almost empty)
Pizza: totally disappointed.  We ordered the Clam Pizza and it came out in a timely fashion, which was the only positive.  It was obvious it had been baked too long since the burnt spots outnumbered the non-burnt ones.  To make things worse it was super oily, like dripping and making streaks on the platter and our plates.  We asked the waitress why and she said that they soak the pizza in the cooking liquid from the clams, which sounds fine (but this felt like oil, not cooking liquid).  The final straw was the shear saltiness of the pizza.  Not impressed.
Since it's a Besh locale I'll definitely be giving them a second chance, but I definitely won't be ordering the clam pizza.2nd time I've been here where the kitchen was fantastic and the front of house complete idiots. Food came out super  fast and was delicious. Walked in with friends who'd never been. Didn't say anything about the format to see if they'd be confused. Girls behind the register said nothing but hi. Didn't walk us through the process (order up front, ask if we're all on same check, etc). Were there for happy hour but she rings up pizzas and drinks at non happy hour prices (no customer copy of receipt given). We sit down and realize they over charged. Supervisor comes back to table and says they credited back the difference. Why not just void and re-ring up? We tipped on $40 and now you're keeping that tip when bill was only $25. Maybe get front of house ppl who can handle answering phones, helping customers through your process, and remembering happy hour prices all at the same time. And void your screw ups. Don't credit the difference. Server and kitchen were great as usual.Knot - Not - Knotts (as in Knotts Berry Farm) - Or, how about Garlic Knots ? Bite of heaven on earth, basically the pizza crust that is knda "knotted" upwith a heapin' bowlful of whipped garlic budda....yummm yummm. You could come in just for this with that warm, slightly doughy texture with a bit of seasoning smeared with the creamy lightness of the whipped budda. Moved onto the Caesar salad (fishies on the side), flavorful from a caesar point of view - hail Caesar! They then bring out the pizza rack in anticipation of the pies........the clouds part, a ray of sunshine beams down onto the table, harps a begin a playing......Margherita arrives quickly followed by the smoked pork. Once again, a slice (or a few of them) of heaven here on earth! The Margherita is simply devine with emphasis on "simply": tomato sauce, basil and fresh mozzarella. A fresh flavor with none of the ingredients overpowering the other. The basil connects the tom's with the mozza and then the crust makes you want to take another bite before you finished the last one. Not too doughy but never crunchy, the pizza oven does a stellar job. The Smoked Pork has the ubiquitous mozzarella, red onion, Anaheim chili, salsa verde.  OK, same crust, but totally different taste sensation. The Margherita is very familiar, like an old family friend; the Pork is smokingly different. It starts familiar with the smoky flavor of the pork but then veers south of the border with the salsa verde and the anaheim chili - now its not a SPICY HOT south of the border but a more "mariachi" ballad south of the border It is just a hint of spicy with a nice flavor sensation of the "meat of the chilies (see crust discussion form Margherita). Add a NOLA Blond and either add the cauliflower (I will next time) or just admire it because someone else has ordered it)?Wonderful pizza place located on Magazine Street. The pizza was good, but the cocktails and the garlic knots are where it's at! Highly recommend both.Best pizza in NOLA.
We heard the hype and avoided going for as long as we could hold out. Finally we caved in and are only sorry we waited so long.
We got the Brussels sprouts, garlic knots and a Margherita with half anchovies (you have option of brown or white anchovies, get the white ones, they're not too salty and have more to them than the brown).
Everything was brilliant.
We second the tips about the solid wine and beer selection. Definitely on the loud side (too loud, really) but at least they have some baffles on the walls, unlike Ancora.
Overall awesome.Ok so I am Pizza Critic... I consider myself an expert on pizza since it is my favorite food... This place is right there on top of my list. I've tried Chicago's, New York's and in my home town. This one is one of the best! I would love to say is the best one I tried but I cant because I am a fan of a hometown pizza place called Pirilo which I think is the best... But this one can easily be the runner up. The garlic knots are to die for...They are served with a provolone cheese mousse which indeed is the most amazing knots that I have ever tasted in my life! I consider myself lucky to hear about this place because the way I choseose my places to eat are based on quantity of reviews and rating, so this will never get visited by me because is under under 500 reviews... So come by and please review it guys ! Get them visited more....They definitely deserve it!I eat here every time I visit my brother The service and food are always exceptional I will continue to eat here every time I visit.We had heard good things about Pizza Domenica and while the garlic knots were very good, the pizza we ordered was just okay.  We ordered the Muffuletta Pizza.  We love Muffuletta sandwiches, and we were excited to see it on the menu.  The toppings were very sparse and did not give the feeling of eating a Muffuletta.  Very little olive salad, except for a lot of pickled cauliflower.  Overall, the experience was okay but not enough to bring us back anytime soon.Very delicious food, friendly staff, and cute inside! My only complaint very cold inside. The tables are arranged a little strange but the food and atmosphere so awesome it didn't matter! Would like to eat next time in front of pizza making guys yum!!Great pizza great service (super great service) great happy hour. I work in the service industry and these guys have it down. I'm a regular for many reasons, pizza quality being number one, and all of the other stuff, added bonuses. If you like pizza and fun, pizza domenica is for you!!!3.5 Stars
I've only been to Pizza Domenica for the Happy Hour special, which I find is an excellent deal. Every day from 4 to 6 pm, all pizzas are half price and each day there is a different drink special. I wasn't really fond of the pizza. The crust was pretty soggy and the toppings didn't seem to complement each other, they just seemed to be there. I've had better pizza elsewhere but I'll certainly be back for the Happy Hour specials.The pizza was below average.  The crust had a strange taste and there was barely any cheese on the pizza.  The tomato sauce on the margarita pizza tasted like ketchup.  We ordered several types of pizzas and they were all below average.  The waitress told me the Cesar salad is enough for a dinner and when I received the salad it was very small.  Meatball appetizer was not good as well.  Kale salad was so salty you couldn't eat it,  I have been here twice and had a bad experience both times.  I will not be back.Service was good and pizza was brought out fast. Flavors were decent, but crust was soggy and there were puddles of liquid left after we picked up the slices. I wish we'd gone to the Peruvian place down the street instead.The service, food and cocktails are out of this world. I have the pleasure of meeting the two managers Jen and Kayla and I can't say enough about how warm and welcoming they were. The garlic knots and four thieves cocktail are addictive.Delicious...wow!  we had the garlic knots with the  garlic provolone fonduta, and the clam pizza.  Amazing!Great happy hour!  3-6 everyday...even on the weekends!  Happy hour will get you 1/2 price pizzas, and different drink specials each day.  Fridays are 1/2 price bottles of wine.  What a deal!
I got the wild mushroom pizza that also has Benton's bacon (the best), and a sunny side up egg.  It was delicious. 
My boyfriend got the Tuto Carne, and it was tasty as well. 
The highlight thought was the garlic knots served piping hot with a side of whipped provolone cheese.  Yes...you read that right.  Whipped provolone cheese!  This stuff is addictive!This place is the yums.  I have been here on a few occasions, and have not been disappointed.  Pork pizza is the best.  The burrata is really good.  Brussels sprout salad is tasty.  Octopus app isn't my favorite, but that's due in part to me generally liking octopus served cold and ceviche-style as opposed to hot.  The atmosphere is friendly and lively, and the food is reasonably priced.Like other people have said, the food is very yummy. The service could be better. The cauliflower is something you dream about. In fact we wished we had each gotten our own cauliflower and just one pizza! I loved the carrot pizza. I can't do tomato sauce bc of the acid. I love the idea of using carrot purée for sauce. My mom thought it could use traditional pizza herbs but I didn't care. We were a party of seven and were there for a very early dinner at 4. It was not busy yet. However I server was scarce, forgot part of our order and seemed really bored and annoyed. I will say that whomever answers the Facebook messages is awesome! I couldn't get a reservation through Yelp so I sent a message asking if we could just show up. I mentioned it was my birthday and they made a reservation for me. Then I changed the time and added people and they accommodated me. I really appreciated that and had a great birthday with my family and friends, wine and fabulous food.
Caveat: if you have a picky finicky child eater, the Caesar salad is not like in chain restaurants- thank goodness it was wonderful- but my kid didn't like it. Hey, I got to enjoy that too!This  pizza place is the best I have ever had. Let me start off with the garlic knots. You get a cast iron of garlic knots with this DELICIOUS cheese dipping sauce. Me and her were in heaven with every bite. We even kept it to dip our crust in. Definitely a must have appetizer! Then we got the chicken pizza with squash and other ingredients (it was one of there specialty pizzas). This pizza was soooo good. Great crust texture, quality ingredients and the overall taste was out of this world. The actual restaurant is very cool too, great atmosphere and I couldn't talk better about it. My only complaint is I ordered a Diet Coke and it came in a small bottle. I thought I was going to get endless refills. But do not let that keep you away. This is definitely a must go !AFTER: the waiter came back and gave us the discount after all and he checked up on us often too. love the food and service now! it was only 30$ for garlic knots. a soda. and two pizza!!I placed an order through Uber Eats, which had been perfect in the past. Today, I received a pizza that was missing the toppings included, and it also looked as though it had not risen completely, and was very floppy in appearance. I gave the restaurant a call to inform them of my pizza issue, and the most I was given was a refund. I suppose replacing the order was out of the question. Honestly, not being offered the option to replace the order since the "mix up in the kitchen" shouldn't be the end all of the situation, was enough for me to not patronize this location ever again.Not the best pizza I've ever had but 100% the best pizza in town! I love all the artisan flavors! The happy hour deal ever day from 3-6 is a must (half off pizza, who can argue with that) the carrot pizza is surprisingly good, I don't even like goat cheese but I enjoyed it! I think my favorite so far is the smoked pork- I like the added spice!
Pictured:
Roasted Carrot: goat cheese, red onion, Brussels sprouts, beets and hazelnuts 
Smoked Pork: mozzarella, red onion,
Anaheim chili, and salsa verde 
Tutto Carne: fennel sausage, bacon, salami, and chases ham
Calabrese: spicy salami, olives, capers and oregano |We ordered pizza and salads. My husband ordered the Caesar salad. He enjoyed the taste, but it was very small and they did not put anchovies on it as he requested. I got the Brussels sprouts salad, which had a nice flavor, but was very tough. Perhaps Brussels sprouts are not in season, but I expected better. The pizza was good, but service was very slow, and our waitress never checked to see if we needed anything. I had to get a waitress' attention if we needed anything. It was not bad, but we will probably not go back.Absolutely amazing pizzas. Good and convenient location and great customer serviceBest pizza in uptown. Awesome apps and cocktails too great vibe in uptown restaurant. Crust is perfect and crunchy and cheese is high quality with great tasting sauce.Came for lunch. Great meatballs and polenta. Tried a Tutto Carne Pizze.  
Great flavor. A little salty for me due to the meat, but still great crust, cheese, etc.
Great, friendly bartender.Went to dinner here one night while visiting New Orleans. I'm a big fan of pizza and I eat it every chance I can get. We ordered the prosciutto pizza. It was great! The crust was soft and crispy, the sauce was tangy with just the right amount of sweetness, and the ingredients wee fresh. Our server was friendly, professional, and attentive. The price was reasonable for the upper scale atmosphere. Would rcommend!One of my favorite fast-casual restaurants in New Orleans. The garlic knots are my favorite item on the menu. However, I am not a fan of the new cauliflower. I wish they stuck to the entire roasted cauliflower as opposed to the cauliflower steak. But overall, great spot!Take-out unimpressive.  System was 'down' - which led to an extra 15 minute wait.  Although the salads were good, the portions were TINY.  $60 for 2 salads & 2 pizzas didn't feed 4 people completely.  Not doing this again.......The garlic knots are Amazing! Light, charred bread dipped in a creamy garlic fluff!!!??? I've never had anything like it and wanted to swim it! We also had a chicken Caesar salad that was yummy (chicken was smokey-bonus), spicy meatballs on polenta and a square slice. The only thing we didn't just moan over was the square slice. We will be craving the garlic knots regularly...they got us like a drug dealer! Can't wait to try a pizza!Like many have said below I wouldn't go here unless it was for the happy hour pizza. If you go here for the happy hour pizza I'm not sure how you would be disappointed unless you took the pizza to go. Drinks are to be expected but I would stick with the beer for sure.I have fallen in love with Pizza again.  The meaty Tutto Carne is probably the best pizza I have ever had. The meatballs with polenta are a very nice starter. I did find the Caesar salad to be rather boring, and some chilled plates would be helpful in keeping the fresh ingredients fresh. I would also like a proper Caesar dressing made with anchovies and blended. They could keep two kinds of dressing on hand, one with and one without. Just a suggestion as two large anchovies plopped on top of your salad, isn't the way a Caesar should be done. The waitstaff varies from very good to ho hum. One complaint is the sediment in the wine, twice we have had that residue left in our glasses. Could it be they are buying bottom of the barrel specials? In all my years of drinking wine, and I am talking 5 decades I have never had sediment in my wine glass.Half price happy hour pizzas were really great.  Each one feeds about 1.5 people.  Fresh and good.  I would hit this place you again for sure when you need a pizza fix.I didn't mean to end up here, but I did. Attempting to go to Domenica with a group of foodie friends from out of town and being told we couldn't get in until later that night, we were super disappointed. Hesitantly, we made our way over to Pizza Domenica and I must say our experience was great! 
The garlic knots are a MUST. If I was by myself I probably could've ate the entire tray of them. Served with a warm, whipped aged provolone, it simply is delicious. Do not refrain from ordering. Moving on to the pizza, we ordered the tutto carne which is covered in all kinds of delicious meats. Loved it! I also ordered the smoked chicken pesto which i wasn't crazy about. 
Overall do not hesitate to give this place a try. It's completely worth it during happy hour, especially being half price. I look forward to coming back and trying some of their different beers once I pop this baby out.Had lunch in the neighborhood and noted not very busy at lunch time. The drinks were great. The food was average. Not my favorite sauce though pizza was tasty. The appetizer was so so. Not bad but think I'll wait awhile to return.Cool atmosphere and delicious pizza. We fought over the cauliflower steak app and margherita pizza. So yummy! The side of garlic aioli was worth a second serving to dip our crusts in. We finished with the chocolate mousse. It was perfect end to a fantastic dinner.
I'm already planning to come back for the happy hour.Pleasant and with good service. One big TV over the bar didn't work. We came at 2PM on Christmas day and they were sold out but we were able to get a seat at the Bar. If we came at 3PM, pizza would be 1/2 price. Great selection of beer and wine. but you have to ask for a glass if you ordered bottled or canned beer. Pizza from the wood fired brick oven  was OK but mine had bitter burned parts of the crust. A little char is good, but big blackened pieces are not. Pizza MARGHERITA would have been better with sliced tomatoes rather than sauce. TUTTO CARNE pizza suffered from the meats being too salty especially the ham. The picy salami pieces on it were excellent, For lunch one pizza probably is  enough for 2 people but it is nice to have left overs 2 pizza 2 beers = $41before tip.Who would have thought balls of meat could be so good?!
The Polenta served with the meatballs is a genius combination.  Order a few of these and you don't need anything else;  your belly will be satisfied!I'm a big fan of the Domenica downtown, so I figured I would try this new one.  It's a neat place with a decent amount of seating.  Do not go there for a romantic quiet dinner or for relaxation.  It is VERY loud.  I haven't seen that many children in one place since I went to Chuck E Cheese's.
We went around 6:30 p.m.  and it was incredibly crowded.  The way it works is  you get in line, place your order, and then get seated.  You do not place your order until there is a seat available for you.  We stood in line for 30 minutes before we placed our order.  Luckily the food actually doesn't take that long to come out, around 15 minutes.  Something to note is the food comes out all at once.  We ordered garlic knots expecting to munch on them while we waited for the pizza, only to receive them a few minutes after the pizza.  When we asked about this they said all of the food comes out at once.  
We had the Bolzano pizza which was good.  The crust was thin but not crispy.  The fennel, bacon, onion combo on it was very rich and flavorful.  The roasted pork shoulder wasn't what I was expected.  It was dry cubes of meat where I was expecting more shredded type pork. The garlic knots were very garlicky and were accompanied by this tasty whipped cheese dip (aged provolone fonduta) which was also very garlicky.  We also ordered the dipping sauces - salsa verde, garlic fonduta, and arrabbiata.  It was a small amount of each.  The green one was pesto-like, the garlic fonduta ended up being the same as the whipped cheese, and the arrabbiata was similar to marinara.  
I will definitely return.  There are other pizzas I want to try.  Next time I will go for an early lunch and not dinner on a Friday night.  BTW there is also take out which might work even better.The GARLIC KNOTS are phenomenal! It's a popular pizza restaurant, service is quick, I recommend calling for reservations, the atmosphere is great for date night.The pizza was good, we ordered pizza with different meats on it, the meat was a little chewy. I'll definitely return but not for the same pizza.This is the best pizza ever had. I had the Pesto Chicken and am in love. It didn't take long at all to get ours. Our friends who opted for a salad first did wait a little too long between salad and when the pizza finally arrived. The only thing I can say that I think they will probably wind up changing is that you stand in line and order/pay then sit down. A waiter later comes and gives you your drinks/food and if you want anything else he will start another bill for you. That is really inconvenient for all. I'm thinking they did this to be expeditious but it is more of a pain. Also, I'm thinking that the waiters will probably be stiffed for a tip in this setup. People will pay for their food upfront then be done with it. There were no tip jars by the cash register. People really don't want to keep pulling out their wallet and have multiple bills. So, hopefully they will just change it to order and pay at the table. Other than that this place is incredible!!!!The happy hour is a great deal and snagging a spot at the bar is the best seat in the house.  This place is very popular so even on a Sunday at 3:00pm (their daily happy hour goes from  2:00pm-5:00pm) expect a substantial crowd. You order at the counter and then get a server that sporadically checks up on you but the service isn't adequate generally at the tables (so you can go awhile without a drink refill so sit at the bar, if possible, where you can get full service).  I also wish you got a bit more choice in building your own pie instead of the set menu as there are very few options.  The pie here does have a nice crunchy crust with good flavors that can stand on their own even without toppings.  They did a really great job with the build out here and its a very nice space to enjoy some pizza and drinks.
Overall I would only go here for the happy hour and it might be worth it to wait for a spot to open at the bar for the vastly improved service available there as the table service is a disorganized mess.  If it is too crowded here or you miss happy hour just go to New York Pizza for the $5 pint and a slice deal.5 stars solely on account of the whipped cheese. I don't even like pizza but I miss these place!Great place (as we all expect from a JB establishment). 
Great location and great vibe. I love the look of the place and how open it is. We came in at 9pm on a Monday night and it was busy but we had no problem finding a place at the bar or a table. 
You place your order at a counter and pay there- which is fine. I had the prosciutto and my friend had pepperoni. They were both amazing, pepperoni was better. 
The garlic knots were a great appetizer, but they came about 20 minutes after we got our pizza. We honestly forgot about them. Since we had already paid, didn't want to bother with the hassle of sending them back and getting a refund, like I usually would when an appetizer comes as I'm finishing the entree. 
The lose of a star comes as a result of feeling like the wait staff, the order takers and the ppl in the kitchen not being all on the same page. 
I'll be going back-- it was the best thin crust pizza i've ever had.Let's get this out of the way - the food was awesome! I went with my wife and 2 young children, and the meal itself was delicious. The buildout is also beautiful - really feels like a great, unique addition to the NOLA dining scene. So why only 3 stars? Well, there were a few things that detracted from the experience. Hopefully these things are correctable, and I could see adjusting this review to 5 stars.
1. Music - the music was BLARING! I know that makes me sounds like a cranky old guy, but coupled with the ambient noise in the (packed) restaurant, it really was too loud. I couldn't hear my kids talking to me from across the table. To top it off, the music just didn't fit the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was like a "random 90s" mix - we heard the Night at the Roxbury song at one point.
2.  Payment/service set-up - It's one of those places where you order and pay at the counter, but you still have someone (or multiple people) waiting on you as you eat. You order drinks and all at the front register, so anything else you order (like a 2nd drink) comes as a 2nd bill. We ordered 2nd drinks, so when we were done, we waited on a 2nd bill. And waited. It's also seat yourself, and there was a line of people waiting for tables. You'd think they would have been in a hurry to free up our table. My wife and kids even left the restaurant, and I had to wait another 5-10 minutes after that to get the check. It just felt confusing - since we had several "servers", I wasn't even sure who to ask for the 2nd check.
3.  Pepperoni pizza - let's face it. When you're in a restaurant like this, the last thing you should be ordering is the pepperoni. But, if you're with kids (or someone unadventurous), pepperoni might be all they're willing to try. And when you order pepperoni, you usually want a basic, safe pizza. The pepperoni we got was more of a gourmet salami. While delicious to me and my wife, it was definitely not what my kids had on mind. Consider that more of a warning than a complaint against Pizza Domenica!I could have eaten two. Yes, two whole pizzas. Absolutely delicious. They have a great beer selection in the bottle and on tap. If liquor is your thing there is plenty of that as well. My wife and I dined at an off peak hour and the pizza arrived faster that we expected. If you dine in you can get a half price pizza to go.Wow!! Ordered the garlic knots with the most amazing whipped provolone cheese. Our pizza was just as good! So many different flavors! Loved every bite!The square slice has great flavor.  The thick crust has a tight crumb, but retains a lightness.  The oregano and burrata are a perfect combo.My favorite spot! Amazing drinks, apps, pizza and the desserts are delicious!! Can't wait to go back! Perfect date night with the baby!!Stopped here with some friends on a Monday night while traveling through New Orleans. It was a no brainer when we saw they had 1/2 off pizzas, wine, and drafts during happy hour. 
Everything was great! We ordered garlic knots, cauliflower, a cheese pizza, and the prosciutto pizza. The garlic knots were my absolute favorite as they had a wonderful flavor and were served with a wiped provolone. The pizzas were good, but the sauce could have a bit more zest to them.  
There were a few tables when we arrived, but it got pretty busy throughout our hour stay. The service was great and they never missed a beat. 
I will certainly pop back in on my next visit to the city!What's not to love!  Daily happy hour of half off pizzas certainly can't be passed up in our house.  Every few weeks we stop in for some pizza and ice cold beer.   You won't be disappointed if you choose to partake.  Wood fired pizza is top notch.  Keep it up.I can't believe anyone would give this place less than 5 stars. It was so delicious! The spread that comes with the garlic knots is just ridiculous! The pizza was amazing! The salads were fresh, creative, and yummy! I loved this place. Oh, and I got a coffee, also very good! Came with a delicious little biscuit. I will definitely return to this place.In all honesty, I have had a hard time finding a solid pizza joint in NOLA.  Luckily, Pizza Domenica is one of a few choice places I can count on to satisfy my craving.
The Caesar Salad (hold the anchovies) is a strong start, followed by the very sinful Garlic Knots.  I have had a few different types of pizza here, & they don't fail to disappoint.  I love the crust & the toppings taste pretty fresh.
Service here is not the best, but I deal with that because I enjoy eating here.  I've been seated at the bar facing the crew making the food & that was quite a fun experience to witness, too.I have been a HUGE fan since day one, and a regular at Domenica (the Mothership). My guess is that P.D. has decided to "dumb down" their pizzas. Perhaps a less adventurous crowd has affected the product, perhaps rising costs have necessitated cut backs. 
Take the mushroom pizza--which used to be an absolute masterpiece. It was once wild mushrooms, studded with chunks of local bacon, caramelized onions and an egg, a glory of unctuous, rich, chewy deliciousness. Now? A red pie with standard mushrooms (no flavor whatsoever) , onions and an egg. Was it bad? no. Was it interesting? Absolutely not--and at $18, no bargain. I could go on about two other pizzas we ordered, give as detailed a before-and-after, express my benign disappointment. Basically--if you want to fill your belly with perfectly adequate pizza, go there. But do not expect the glory of the original pizzas.I actually love Pizza Domenica. So much so that I decided to eat here with my boyfriend last night for my birthday even though I could have chosen basically any other restaurant I wanted. 
The food was wonderful, as usual, but it was one of the worst service experiences of my life. We were ignored so thoroughly. Our server visited all the tables around us several times without glancing our direction. I even watched her play with other servers in a staging area. My boyfriend eventually had to visit the host station to get our check after sitting there waiting for over 25 minutes. It was unprofessional and left me feeling flustered and embarrassed. 
We are having a birthday dinner "re-do" tomorrow night. It definitely won't be at Pizza Domenica, thank goodness.Yeah....Pizza Domenica was VERY disappointing in terms of the food, ordering process, and table service.  I recently went for happy hour.  It was not crowded so I didn't have to wait around for a table, but as the place filled up, I saw a long line with people at the front pressured to make quick decisions.  It was a bottleneck disaster that makes no sense to me.
I started with the meatballs over polenta, which was tasty.  The meatballs were moist and the polenta had a good texture.  The pizza, however, was BAD.  I had the calabrese pizza and it was soooo SOGGY.  It was drenched with olive juice which was so briny and strong, it stayed with me the whole night.  Not pleasant.  If the salami on it was spicy as it was supposed to be, I wouldn't know, because I basically had an olive juice pizza. Was there an accident in the kitchen and someone knocked over a jar of olives on my pizza?  Did they actually do that on purpose?  I don't know, but it was bad and practically inedible.  Finally, my friend ordered mussels, which I tasted and they were not fresh.  Perhaps this is why there were the 'special'.
As for the table service, it was sporadic at best.  I didn't pre-order all my glasses of wine because that would be ridiculous.  When my friend went to the front to order more drinks, she was sent back to order from the table where we had a hard time trying to catch one of the few servers on the floor.  This was also ridiculous.  Helloooooo, we're trying to give you money.  Why is it so difficult to order drinks?  So frustrating.
If they can have people take your drink orders (when you can catch them) and bring you a check for it, why can't they do this with the food?!  This would be so much more civilized.  I DON'T GET IT!  If this was a truly casual pizza joint with no table service, pizza by the slice, and a fraction of the price, I would get it.   Come on - this is not charming.  John Besh can afford servers.  There is no reason to not have them because it certainly doesn't add anything to the experience but frustration.
Since I don't tip before service, I had to remember and confirm with my first receipt that amount.  I tipped for the whole meal on the bar check, which again, doesn't make sense.  I'm glad I went during happy hour because I would have been pis*ed to pay more for what I got.
The only nice things I can say is that the space is nice and the wine selection is good.  However, there is but there isn't table service, the ordering process is pressured and frustrating, you have to add your multiple receipts for the tip, and the pizza is NOT GOOD.  I say no.This pizza simply was not very good. First off, if you have tables and servers, why make people stand in line to order food and drinks. It is not cool or interesting. Two of the pizzas we had very little flavor, very few ingredients and were just boring. The pepperoni was just gross. Since obviously you don't know, let me tell you  -- not all italian cured meats are meant to be cooked. Certainly some are, but whatever you are using for your pepperoni it not a cooking meat. It tasted rotten. Or maybe it was rotten. I don't know, either way - not good. I was so disappointed in this place. If you want some good Neapolitan style pizza - go to Ancora - always fantastic. Also, try Dolce Vita - a new player in the field and hitting home runs as opposed to Dominica's really bad strike out!Half price at Happy Hour. Ordered a cheese pie and a margherita pie. I preferred the crust of the cheese pie - a little more chewy. Nice thin crusts. Served piping hot. Excellent. Half price drafts as well - we had a Belgian strong and a Gnarly something - fabulous. For the quality, taste and value - really hard to beat.Chicken lived and amazing garlicky crostini were divine, kids love the garlic knots--way better than the pizza place in our Connecticut hometown. The grilled cauliflower head is an unique idea but execution fails. Tasted as if
It were steamed without any seasoning and then finished in the broiler for a charred top. Looks cool but tastes like boiled cauliflower, except his comes with a goat cheese spread. The pizzas were amazing. Don't be out off by the carrot veggie pizza. It's surprisingly delicious! Gist cheese, beets, etc. and the Gorgonzola with Parma ham and honey And hazelnuts seems as if it would be too sweet but re balance is right-on. Delicious airy crust. Only downside is our server asked for our order and after we placed the appetizers, she disappeared without a word and when I asked her what went wrong so said she thought we wanted to wait for our pizza order, and that was perplexing because she just walked away. Not a bad attitude in re slightest, just bizarre.First things first: looking through these reviews, it appears that most people didn't rate Pizza Domenica as highly as they might have due to the former ordering procedures. I, too, would have had issues with standing in line to place an order and then hoping I'd get a table by the time my order came out. This type of "half service" seemed all the rage 6 or 7 years ago and I'm not a fan. When I go out, it's full service or nothing.
Management must have taken your suggestions to heart (doesn't surprise me that they're awesome like that): Pizza Domenica is now completely full-service. I've been a long time fan of Domenica in the Roosevelt, however as you probably know, sometimes it's not too easy to get a reservation. Also, I want to dress up when I eat there (as should you) and that's not always in the cards (sometimes a girl just wants to wear jeans). 
Pizza Domenica offers up the same pizza menu as its posh big sister (there may actually even be more options) and several apps/salads (that divine cauliflower app!) and it's a much more casual atmosphere. It's really inviting however, with an exposed kitchen/pizza oven. Despite that, it feels more akin to a gastro pub than a pizzeria. I can see myself coming here more often because I tend to order pizza every time I go to Domenica anyway. Expect the same prices (ie it's no Slice!)
Cocktails... they've got 'em! And a good wine list. On this day, I had sangria, which is on point. 
If you love all things wood-fired, you'll love their pizza. The dough is on par with what you'll get in Naples (I was just there last month in fact), with that perfect char on the bottom. They will whip up a vegan pizza overloaded with vegetables on the spot. This time, though, I opted for wild mushrooms + olives. Do yourself a favor and get the trio of oils/dipping sauces. I don't recall seeing that on Domenica's menu, so it might just be a thing here. 
Pizza Domenica, I'll be seeing you on the regular... not just on Sundays!Awesome casual extension of the Domenica brand uptown.  Great pizza, drink selection at reasonable prices make this one of my go to's.  They are also great for takeaway - which is dangerous as it is on the way back home from my work.  Highlights are the basic pepperoni pizza, the garlic knots, the fish crudo and do not miss the dipping sauces for the crust.  Beer and spirits game also on point.The Garlic Knots, the Burrata, the Tutto Carne pizza....each dish equally as yummy as the others.  Hard to pick a favourite as this meal was just perfection from start to finish.  Our waiter, Cooper, was friendly, efficient and took care of us perfectly.  Pizza Domenica is rising to the top of our list of favourite places to eat in NOLA.I absolutely love this place. The pizza is delicious and they have a very healthy selections on the menu. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower with the goat feta cheese and the shaved brussel sprouts. They have different happy hour specials every day. This is one of my favorite places to go in NOLA. Wish they were open for lunch I would go there a couple of times a week.Firstly, the space is beautiful. It has an ambiance that you'll crave long after you leave. And speaking of cravings, how soon is too soon to have this pizza again after leaving?
As a veg-head, I'd like to think of myself as a five-star salad consumer. (My cats have confirmed this to be true, and they're all that matter.) If you do nothing else in life, visit this place and get the Caesar salad. I know! Caesar salad, right? Challenging to mess up, but I think even harder to make stand out! In place of the #1 reason we all get Caesar salad anyway--the croutons--rests two heaven-sent slices of cheesy garlic bread. There was cheese lurking in every single hidden temple of the bread. Read: the 13th disciple. 
If you're on a health kick, I'd recommend the Caesar sans the bread. But then I feel you need to take a long, hard stare in the mirror and ask yourself, "What's the meaning of life?"It really pains me to leave a two-star review of Domenica on Magazine. I really enjoyed their location in the Roosevelt. But, this past Sunday night I decided to treat myself to a take away and was really disappointed. I called and placed my order for a Tutto Cane. Service was pleasant and my pizza was ready and hot when I arrived to pick it up. Sadly, it was all downhill from there. I was home 10 minutes later and tucking into a pizza that was soggy in the middle - sticking to the box- and yet had a crust that was burned black in a number of spots. The meats  were so salty, with no counterbalance of other flavors, that the pizza was more like eating salty meat on burned soggy bread. I really hope this a one off experience, but it really should not happen once at a restaurant with the type of talent behind it that this one has and the heft of their prices, supposedly denoting quality of product and attention to detail.
I am not sure if the quality slipped because it was just a take out order. The restaurant was not busy at all. If ordering take away, my one caveat would be to inspect he pizza before walking out. I wish had done.Had the pleasure of dining here the other day for lunch. It was a great experience! The food was amazing. I especially loved the garlic knots and the cauliflower thing (I can't remember what it's called). The cocktails were fun and inventive and the pizza was yummy! The service was a little slow, but other than that it was a great experience!It was just ok. Went with a party of 4. The service was better than the for. We had the Caesar salad with shrimp, garlic knots, margherita pizza, prosciutto pizza and chicken liver pate. Everything was just ok. The basil on the margherita pizz overpowered everything else. The pepper oil tasted like they'd just dropped the pepper into it. The pizzas were not cold but they were particularly hot or even warm either. The garlic a knots were the best part of the meal.New Orleans used to be such an awful pizza town when I lived there; now, post Katrina, there are 50% more restaurants than before the storm, despite a smaller population, and there is food of every ilk available and much of it superb.  Including pizza.   My favorite pizza pre the influx of new comers was at the Bucktown seafood restaurant R&O, pretty standard pizza.
I had always meant to get to the parent restaurant of this place, Domenica, domiciled in the Roosevelt Hotel (nee Fairmont, nee Roosevelt) a block off Canal.  They have a spectacular happy hour, so spectacular, there is rarely a seat, so I was delighted they opened this smaller, pizza-centric version in Uptown on Magazine.
If you're visiting, you can easily hit this eatery a few blocks walk off the St. Charles street car.
The short menu includes some appetizer and salad options, specialty pizzas, or create your own.   We over ordered, with one pizza, a salad, and garlic knots, chicken liver pate, along with a sampling of dipping sauces (salsa verde, garlic fonduta, and arrabbiata). (arrabbiata is a slightly spicy tomato sauce, and fonduta is cheese based dip).
I had assumed (I follow a "don't ask, don't tell" policy at pizzerias) that the pizzas would be smaller, but they weren't.  Went with their all carnivore region, , you know I'm damned fussy about pizza, and I have to pronounce this one of the best I have ever had, anywhere.
What I liked about it, was quality ingredients (toppings) and the wonderfully smoky flavor imparted by the wood burning oven.  The crispy exterior crust leads to a melt in your mouth center.  My only curiousity was the cubes of Italian sausage, as I've ever seen that.  I  imagine they cook sausages in casings and dice it themselves.
Quality local ingredients ruled the menu,  and we enjoyed everything we tried.  Sat at the bar and service was great.  The bar fronts the wood pile, and I imagine they go through a lot of it.
If I lived in NOLA again, this would be my "go to pie," bar none, all the time.Fun to sit at the bar! Prosciutto pizza & shaved Brussels sprouts salad hit the spot.The 2 time was even better than the 1st time. But then again the 1st time was amazing as well. 
Great pizza combination, the staff is great. The vibe is very good and I recommend the meatball app, Any Pizza combination and the ice tea for me was great. No need for any sweetener, just ice. If you drink in sweet tea you know what I mean...
Thanks for keeping our mind off Florida as we left the state due to Hurr. Irma.  Next time we're in town. We will stop by for sure.Great pizza, excellent appetizers (try the cauliflower steak and/or meatballs).  Excellent deal during happy hour 3-5pm.Xmas day we were looking for a good place in New orleans to eat at and called them
Up. They were booked but got us in for a table at 10. We showed up early and they had a cancellation and we got in. We had heard about the garlic knots and ordered them and OMG delicious!!! My son scarfed down three of them and we had the rest. We ordered the margherita pizza and another pizza with serrano chilies and onions. Soooo delicious. Highly recommend this place.Been too many times already! Great location (for me at least) and food is awesome! Pancetta and arugula, Garlic knots, and draft beer! Its all you need!I am going with a "2-star" review based SOLELY on a single appetizer - the garlic knots with the provolone fonduta.  It was amazing and might occasionally bring me bar for a seat at the bar.  The devil was involved.
So first off, I would say that although I like the atmosphere, I HATE the ordering mechanism.  We had a party of four with a total tab of someplace north of $120 (with  tip and ONE round of drinks) and we had to wait in line to order and then head to our table with our number.  Of course it was pretty empty in there so we didn't wait that long.  However, once the place started to fill up, the line got much longer.  One in my party spoke up and said "that's why I really don't like coming here - last time we waited behind a long line..."  As soon as it got busy, our waiter was not nearly as available to us.  It certainly wasn't his fault - the place was filling up and he was running around to deliver drinks.  I think I saw two or three service folks for the whole restaurant.   All in all, it is a LAME business model for what is supposed to be a high-end restaurant.  The prices are really inline with a table-service kind of place.  It deserves it and so do the customers.  I will not be headed back unless the place is empty or they change this kind of ordering system.  It's okay for a place like Felipe's to do it when your meal rounds out at 10 bucks a person but when I drop over $120 bucks for food and drink for four (or technically a total of 33 per person), it seems like traditional service is in order.  For my money, I will likely choose Amici 9 times out of 10 because the pizza is as good if not better, the prices are about the same and I can sit and get waited on. 
And what is with ALL the food coming out at the same time?  Our ($40 worth) of apps came out within two minutes of our pizza and all within 12 minutes or so of ordering.  Really?  Hammer us through the place that quickly?  Although we were told we could order the apps then get in line and then reorder pizzas - who wants to do that?  I mean wait in line twice?  It is really kind of offensive to administer a dinner that way.  It tells em that the ONLY thing this place is worried about is how much cash they can extract in as little time as possible.
The food - other than the cheese whips, it was unremarkable pizza with some questionable decisions and execution:
1. Don't put a clam shell on a clam pizza.   It's a moment of presentation that should be better thought.
2. The calamari was a bit hard textured.  I was not a huge fan.
3. I LOVED the cauliflower but for 18 bucks, I will not order that again.  Seriously not worth it for the price. 
4. I would say the garlic knots are a great order but make sure you avoid ALL other garlic - they are quite free with it....  I like lots of garlic but others were very critical of how much was on our food.
All in all, this is a place that is at the VERY top of the $$ and if you have more than one drink, firmly planted in the $$$ range.  The food was not remarkable except for the provolone fonduta and the whole service system is discouraging.  If I am free for a meal and it looks empty as I drive by, I might stop in.  Otherwise, it feels like the management is trying to hammer guests through to capitalize on getting as many customers through as possible.  That means your experience is sacrificed.  That, my friends, puts the customer LAST.  I don't see them discounting their VERY expensive food, do you?Burrata Bruschetta was the best I ever had. We had the zucchini pizza and it was pretty good, but the crust was not all the way crispy to the middle. Service was great. Would have given 4 1/2 stars if possible.Stop. Look no further. This is the place you've never known you've been craving. All this time, this place has existed in uptown New Orleans where a man in a trendy blazer welcomes you in with open arms and finds you a comfortable space in the restaurant you can call your own.
My fiancée and I have been coming here for MONTHS and are never left underwhelmed, lost, or forgotten.
Cocktails 
Wood fire pizza 
Wide variety of beer, wine and spirits
Delicious garlic knots 
Please visit, and you will leave with a satisfied buzz about you, and 0 regrets.Pizza is hands down my favorite food.  I could eat it every day.  I have been waiting to try Pizza Domenica for a while now because the combination of ingredients on their pizzas was intriguing to me.  I can not express how thoroughly disappointed I was.  First of all, it's set up cafeteria style where you order, pay and tip first then you seat yourself at a table.  If I wanted cafeteria style I would have went to Picadilly.  I also didn't like the fact that I was expected to tip first before any service was given.  My boyfriend and I shared the shaved brussel sprout salad and the garlic knots.  Both were very good.  I was excited about the pizza.  He ordered the tutto carne and I ordered the roasted carrot.  The pizza came out in good time, however it was all downhill from there.  While my pizza had a good flavor, it wasn't cooked all the way.  The crusty was soggy and every time I picked up a slice to eat it, all the toppings slid right off.  I finally just piled the toppings on the plate and ate them as a salad.  My bf's pizza was slightly better.  It had a good smoky flavor, however the meat was in huge chunks which wasn't very appetizing.  Being a Besh restaurant and with the pedigree behind Chef Alon Shaya, I expected much better.  The best part of the meal was the garlic knots.  The pizza left a LOT to be desired, as there is MUCH better pizza in this city for a lot less money.  Our tab with tip was 81 bucks - def not worth the money.  We could have went to New York Pizza down the street and had a MUCH better meal for about 1/3 of the cost.  My biggest gripe was the soda's.  We both ordered a diet coke and out comes this small 8oz bottle with no refills that is $3.  Come on!  You are already over charging for sub par pizza the least you could do is get a soda machine.  Pizza lovers save your money and go somewhere else.  Don't believe the hype.Yelp-
Our Host/ hostess- 
Does not seem to have a friendly welcoming.  Maybe because we have 2  kids with us? We did  NOT feel welcomed. Why would they put someone so unfriendly in the  Front of the house? Needs to be in the back of the house (Sorry #JohnBesh, I know you're probably too busy to notice).
Our server  Liz was very attentive and helped my children feel very at ease. Pizzas was great, but too many burnt spots in the end crusts which we had to pull off (cariogenic?). Descent experience but hesitant to come back with a another unwelcoming experience from our host.Went again last night and was happy to see that they now take reservations and have stopped the silly order at the counter thing.  Made it a much better experience.  As always the food was wonderful!  The Garlic Knots - of course,and a wonderful Chicken Pesto Pizza.