Sad day for pizza NOLA. It's a busy day/week but the quality of the shrimp scampi is pathetic today. Food businesses should be consistent regardless of what time of year it is. Don't stay open if you can't provide quality food.We were in a bind for something quick and good that's not fast food and found this place on Yelp. The lady said the lunch special was the Calzones. I happen to like Calzones. So I got a Calzone. And I ate the Calzone. And it was a great Calzone. Top 5 at least. It was the chicken Alfredo Calzone, so a little off the beaten path of traditional Calzonage but still made quite well. 
    The dough was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, while the filling had a good Alfredo flavor and the chicken had to be fresh. It was tasted like so etching made at home with fresh ingredients and not something out together from frozen stuff that was dropped off a delivery truck from a major food distributor. 
    My wife got the Cobb salad, with bacon, and it also tasted like everything was fresh and homemade. Even the bleu cheese dressing was good. And I'm not the biggest fan of that. 
    The service was friendly and now that I know I missed out on the gelato I'm planning in going back real soon. Worth the adventure.We ordered one half deluxe and one half pepperoni pizza. Our kids ordered the individual pizzas. The large pizza toppings were added on probably at the last minute so they were not cooked. The children's individual pizzas had so much bread that they just picked off the toppings and ate that. Not a lot of charm in this restaurant. Probably won't be back.  Waitress was pleasant and friendly.Two stars is generous. I've been hankering to try this place cuz I love the name and it's near where I've been staying. I feel bad giving this bad review because it could have just been a bad night at the kitchen. Everything about the pizza I ordered was good to above average. The crust was brown on top, thin enough, and the sauce, cheese, and meat were fine. In fact the toppings were generous. The problem was ....... It wasn't cooked. The dough was raw. I asked them to put it back in the oven, and they did but to no avail. Still raw. It's a shame because it would have been a nice pizza if it had been cooked. I will compliment the chicken wings which were nicely seasoned with lemon pepper, baked, and served with blue cheese dressing. Pretty tasty. Hopefully it was just a bad night. But I will likely not return.This is not the calzone place for me. In my opinion, price did not meet quality and service. Live and learnA friend told us that Pizza Nola had Dong Phuong king cakes for sale. Living on the east bank it certainly made for a convenient place to buy. What we did not know until we read in the Gambit today was that Pizza Nola was almost doubling the price on the cakes. We paid $25 for a cake that should have sold for $14! 
The owners of Dong Phuong did not approve of the price hiking/scalping either! As a result they will NOT sell at any other locations other then their bakery in New Orleans East effective February 1st. 
You can read Dong Phuongs statement on the Gambit website. BESTOFNEWORLEANS.COM. 
The cake is certainly the best we have had to date. Thanks to Dong Phuong for being so "business ethical".Excellent. Really like theire pizza. Nice thin crust. The muffaletta pizza is awesome and so is the Mediterranean. They also have a great gelato.Pizza NOLA quickly became one of my favorite places to eat last year. The pizzas are larger than normal and quite delicious. You really can't go wrong with any of them. I love the cheese, butcher's block (w more meat!) and the meatball...I see a theme here. :)
Will, the owner is so kind and really understands that great customer service is key to a great business. Not only does he take time to greet his customers, but he is very active on Twitter and has been known to take orders via tweet on occasion. He genuinely loves his customers and will take care of you like you were his family. I love that. Everyone else that works there is always a pleasure as well.
As I write this review, 1500 miles away, I am dreaming of their great meatball sandwich. The bread is made in house, fresh and it's oh so delicious. I always ask for extra sauce because I love it. It's a little savory with a slight kick...so slight you might miss it if you are not paying attention. I know some may like sweet sauce, but this one is just right for me. With that said, I go nuts over the meatballs and spaghetti. Who would've guessed that?!
I could go on about their menu, I've tried almost everything. If you have not been there, you should. Find your favorites, I'm sure you'll have a few.
And when you're done, save a little room for the gelato. It is very good and brought in from the owner's other business, La Dolce Nola on Metairie Rd. A great end to a great meal.Service is always courteous and fast, and food is reasonably priced and always fresh. Much better than diminish or reginellisI really don't understand all of the positive reviews, sorry Pizza Nola.  We had heard great things so were really excited to try Pizza Nola - not sure if it was just a bad day or what but there is no way we will return.
Sausage and pepperoni pizza: crust - not crunchy or flavorful. Sauce - under seasoned. Sausage - huge chunks with a ton of fennel. Pepperoni - sparse to say the least.  
Fleur di Lis: mozz/tomato/bacon/basil/feta(instead of blu) same crust, but better sauce.  Nice bacon crunch, barely any basil.  
Gelato had interesting names but did not appear fresh - some had freezer burn or had formed gummy look..  The website boasts being voted as one of top 10 pizza joints, but based on this experience, I wouldn't go that far.. Sorry Pizza Nola, sad face...The food, service, and prices here are truly excellent.  This little restaurant is a gem.Pizza NOLA came highly recommended by a couple of twitter buds, so I gave them a try for lunch.
I decided on a calzone, just pepperoni-mushroom. Good ingredients cooked in a good crust with a tasty sauce. Can't ask for more from a pizza place.
While many pizza places are tiny, Pizza Nola has a decent amount of inside seating.
Pizza NOLA also sells gelato from La Dolce NOLA. The lunch special the day I was there was a free small cup of gelato. This is the cheesecake. Delicious! Pizza NOLA delivers pints of La Dolce NOLA gelato.
If you're in Pizza NOLA's delivery range, you want to call these folks!Worst service ever an hour and half after we ride they call and say they are out of chicken!!! An hour and a half later!!!! Terrible service! Terrible service!! Why would you not say you were out of chicken when we placed the order?!? Terrible service!!!!This great restaurant is small but they really care about the happiness of the customer. I have been here on many occasions. In fact, I took a break for a couple of months, and then came back, and they asked where I was and what happened. Very nice.
I have only had one incident, that was a couple of years ago, I came in for breakfast, and the newish waiter had no clue what the breakfast specials were. Other than that, they have been the epitome of nice and great customer service. There is not much bad in the way of food that I have tried. I like their pizzas, the crust is fluffy, not greasy or dry. Their breakfasts have all been very good. They are all so good, I can't recommend just one. French toast, their basic breakfast, all of it. I also like their coffee. I have never had their delivery.
All of the wait staff that is there now are all friendly and informative.
The twitter account @PizzaNola is awesome with the #KreweofChad and should be checked out.Spinach dip was sooo delicious & the calzones were sooo fresh, flour was falling off of the freshly baked bread.The owner is a great person he replied me so quick when I had a problem so by him doing that they are getting 5 stars now !!!!!!Not a fan. I was expecting so much more from you Pizza Nola! :(
Basically, my pizza was just very underwhelming. Just kind of chewy. It was ehh.  And the garlic knot/bread things I got were stale and just not edible. That sealed the deal for me because they sounded so tasty- was very disappointed. 
There are just too many other great pizza places around to give it another try. Just wasn't my cup of tea :/This review is for the Bawk! weekend breakfast menu.
Breakfast can be a little tricky in New Orleans.  The big dogs like Surrey's, Ruby Slipper, Refuel, Russell's can get real crowded real quick once the weekend comes along.  And the expensive places are, well, expensive.  Of course there are plenty of other options, but it's rarely anything that's better than your own kitchen.  And that is a tall order, my friend.  When I can roll out of bed and whip up a decent omelet before I realize that my pants are absent, you had better make it worth my while.  Bad breakfast is an affront to everything holy about weekend mornings.     
Over on the "other" more gritty side of Lakeview (if you can even call Lakeview gritty in the first place), Pizza Nola serves up a solid weekend breakfast.  I've been over there a few times now and have yet to be disappointed.  While everyone else is waiting in line for a table at one of those 'other' places, you'll be walking in and sitting down immediately.  Fresh squeezed OJ, pancakes from scratch, fluffy biscuits and free coffee refills are ready to greet you.  Okay, so it's not the most quaint setting.  In fact, it feels more like a doctor's waiting room than a restaurant.  But it's fine.  Read on.      
The challah French toast is quite good.  Starting with the right bread definitely helps this plate stand out.  My girl is quite the connoisseur of the pain perdu and quite content to clear the plate.  You know it's good when you get through half of it and suddenly forget that you neglected the syrup or powdered sugar.  I swear, something magical happens when good bread is dredged through a creamy, cinnamon-y egg wash and browned.  It's not toast anymore.  It's magical.    
The portobello benedict is my personal favorite.  Two poached eggs atop mushroom caps overflowing with spinach and artichoke stuffing and then finished with a drizzle of red pepper sauce.  Wait, did I mention any meat yet?  Nope.  It's all veggie and all good.
Prices are very reasonable.  The french toast will set you back $7 and the benedict $9.  On a tighter budget?  A delicious egg and cheese biscuit is only $4.  Likewise for the potato, egg and cheese burrito.  Beware the OJ, though.  A small glass will set you back $3.50.  
Still no meat?  Well, yes, they do have meat.  But what is great about Balk!, is that it's not the breakfast-crutch that it is at some other places.  Anybody can take some duck debris or shaved pork belly, slap it down on your plate and call it a day.  That is all well and good, but it's nice to see a place go out of their way to get the simple stuff right.  Even the fancy places should wow you with two eggs, hashbrowns and a biscuit.Pizza Nola is a Lakeview staple. Delicious pizza that comes to my door; thin crust, delicious fresh toppings, still hot from the oven. I like to switch up my toppings to get all that I can from the various options presented, but one topping of theirs that I love is the strips of prosciutto. Yum! The service is efficient and always friendly, making it one of my top delivery places in the city. They have gelato by La Dolce Nola in the restaurant and weekend brunch (delivery too!) by BAWK! Overall, some great flavors of the city delivered to your doorstep.Just had the deluxe combo calzone. It was delicious. The peppers were fresh! Nice surprise. Everything was! Marinara sauce that accompanied it was rather tasty. I recommend the place!Ate lunch here today for the first time. Had a pepperoni pizza and it was very yummy! Took a long time to cook, but well worth it. They must make their own sauce. The tea tasted old but the food was awesome!!This is a review for the breakfast. I would give the pizza 4 stars but a 3 overall because the service was sub par on that visit. My wife is an easy mark for breakfast so when she saw it, it was done. She had to have it. We tried it today and it was so bad that I am inclined to never return for the pizza.
Firstly, the menu offers items which are not available any longer. Not a temporarily out of stock thing but instead you're invited to desire the item then be informed the retaurant no longer offers it. Brilliant!
We ordered monkey bread. Someone spanked this monkey for far too long - it was dry. I am accustomed to an exceptionally moist monkey bread. Think August in NOLA style monkey bread; hot and moist with crusty edges. Instead I got August in Arizona; 20% humidity and soft dry innards with crusty outsides.
Then we got to the entrees. I had shrimp and grits. To say it was poor is to credit the French with a history of military dominance. I have had better shrimp and grits well north of the Mason-Dixon. The grits were standard fare white hominy which is egregious enough, but to really drive home the point that they didn't want it to be enjoyable, there was a large lump of uncooked grits in the middle of the dish. At that point I retired my fork. 
Equally disappointing was the sauce and shrimp. The shrimp were bland. As if they were boiled in water and then laid atop the dish. Large shrimp (probably 20-25s) but you might as well serve tofu and grits if you won't season them properly.
The sauce was perhaps the single most significant offense of this 3 act horror show featuring bland shrimp, dry grits, and sorry sauce. The sauce seemed as if it was composed of 2 tbsp of butter, 1 tbsp of flour, sauteed onion and peppers. The vegetables were cooked to the point of being flacid, and transparent. Whoever is responsible for this dish should reconsider their chosen field. Or ply their trade in a city without tastebuds. Perhaps Cleveland would better suit their culinary capaicty.
To the restauranteur, when you update your menu to remove the items you no longer offer, do your patrons and yourself a favor, remove from your menu the abomination that is your rendition of a southern classic at its absolute worst.
The wife had a crabmeat and brie omlette and I'll make that review simple as I had a single bite of it. The only flavor present was brie and egg. It's ashame because the egg was actually cooked well but once again the dish is plagued by blandness.
This place isn't bad for pizza and the service this morning was far better than my last visit (at night) for pizza. Either way, I'm not confident I'll be returning. In fairness, I should mention that shrimp and grits is my absolute favorite dish and I am saddled with a weakness for the dish. I have to order it when I see it and I have high expectations of it. Try the pizza. Skip breakfast or skip it altogeher. I would only ever return if this place was in my backyard because there's better pizza in town if you're willing to drive and exceptionally better breakfast. Try Coulis, Surreys, Ruby Slipper, Riccabono's Panola St Cafe, ihop, waffle house, cracker barrell or even McDonald's for a better breakfast than this pizza joint has to offer.I ordered pizza for delivery from here recently and was underwhelmed with both the quality and the service.  I ordered a large pizza (which by the way is the biggest pizza I've ever seen) and was told it would take about 45 minutes.  About an hour and 15 minutes later I called to check on my order and was told the delivery guy was leaving with it right away.  It arrived shortly later (1.5 hrs total time), but the pizza was VERY soggy and limp.  I didn't enjoy my dinner at all that evening.  As leftovers, I was able to crisp up the pizza some more in my oven and while it was good, I've definitely had better.Pizza NOLA opened last weekend in the old Mrs. Pizza location on Harrison Avenue.  It's a welcome addition to the Lakeview restaurant scene as delivery options are limited.  I ordered for the first time tonight.  Delivery was prompt (30 minutes) and the driver was professional and friendly.  We had the BBQ Chicken Sandwich and a Cheese Pizza.  Chicken sandwich was excellent.  Price is very reasonable and portions are large.  This is a great alternative to the chain pizza restaurants and we enjoy supporting locally-owned businesses.  I will definitely order from here again.Breakfast special was very creative and tasty.  Good stuff, y'all. 
Tip:  Pass on the potatoes and go for the grits.Hit this up after finding out Mondo  was closed for lunch on Saturday. 
Got a side salad (with ranch), buffalo wings, and the deluxe pizza.
First this restaurant is getting 2 stars mainly for the wings and ranch. Those were both very good. The pizza was sub par. The crust was okay, but the sauce, cheese, and toppings were not very good. I expected high quality toppings but felt underwhelmed. 
I would go back to try a sandwich next time, maybe.It's okay. Small place. Manager/owner/server was super nice. I think he may have been the only person working the front that day. We had a large pepperoni pizza for the kids. And a spinach feta pizza for the adults. It would have been a better experience if the pizza toppings actually stayed on the pizza. The dough wasn't crispy.  It was super soft. As I was grabbing a slice, everrrrrrything slipped right off the pizza! Haha not cool. Maybe next time, if we get a smaller pizza, would the toppings actually stay on and be crispier? Not sure if that would make a difference?I ordered takeout from here and it was pretty good!  I really liked the BBQ chicken pizza.  The barbeque sauce is really thick and tangy just how I like it.  I picked off the chicken because I don't eat meat but it was big thick slices which I'm sure a lot of people will love.  The Mediterranean pizza was excellent, I loved the garlic infused olive oil base, mmm.  The cheesy bread was good, too. 
The 8" pizzas are a good size for one hungry person since the dough was medium-thick.  The restaurant would be a good place to bring big groups and families.  It's in a tiny strip mall so it's not a very restaurant feel but that's ok.I ate at Pizza NOLA for the first time yesterday afternoon - I moved to Lakeview 7 months ago and have been eating at Reginelli's for pizza.  I like thin crust pizza and that is how the pizza was prepared at Pizza Nola!  I asked the preparer to make the crust as thin as possible and to make it well done.  The pepperoni, mushroom, and onion pizza was perfect.  I also had the gelato which was a great way to end my first visit to Pizza Nola!I think they changed owner but everything is so wrong about this place. They gave us rotten cheese yeap! We called to let them know and the guy who answered they phone just simple say "ok" no apologies... nothing he just did not care. We are so glad we smell the cheese before otherwise we would have been sick.
I will not order from this place anymore!If that sorry place in bywater gets 5 stars, pizza Nola should get 10!  I can understand if you get disappointed going through ubereats, as it is possible for uber to eat before it gets to you.
It was very clean- I mean with around 3-400sf there's not much to dirty up.
The pizza was awesome, the ingredients were fresh, and the gelato seemed like it was going to last forever. 
The place filled up during the rams/saints game.
Service was on point, all the employees were very friendly, and the pizza was ultimate.  The crust was great, the sauce was perfect, and the ingredients were all fresh.Just AWFUL! Ordered a pizza, an appetizer, and a drink. Estimated delivery time = 55 minutes and I live down the street... then it was half an hour late! The pizza was cold and OK once I microwaved it.. & I never got my drink.. I called & complained, the "I'm sorry" sounded half sincere...I will never order from them again, very disappointing!!!Best carryout restaurant in Lakeview.
I give this place four stars but I had a 3.75 in mind. This was my second time here. First time I tried my luck and ordered some pizza slices as carryout. The pizza was great and that's why I came around for a second visit.
The place was clean and the server/cashier was extremely friendly. The ambiance is accommodating in the sense that there are chairs and tables to sit if you must eat here but this place doesn't have waiters just a great cashier/waitress/hostess. 
As you can see by the picture I posted my salad was served at the same time as with my entrée. Other than a TV there isn't much to look at in this place. 
I will say that even though the place isn't swanky, the food isn't the best Italian I've tasted and patrons are boring surbanite couples with kids... It's the best Italian in Lakeview. Better choice than Reginelli's down the street.
Aside from that the offer breakfast and have a cute gelato stand.
If I must critique the food, the lasagna was on the salty side. The red gravy and mozzarella work against each other instead of with. If it was me cooking, the red gravy would be sweety and add less salt to the beef given that the cheese brings enough of the saltiness needed. 
But for what its worth I would come back.I love pizza, I just don't... errhh... I just haven't fallen in love with this place yet. One great thing about pizza, it might not be the best pizza you've eaten in a while, but if you haven't eaten a pizza in a while, it could be the best thing in the world. Sounds confusing, but if you love pizza, you would know. 
Sadly, overall, I had to give this place a 3 star. But don't worry. I will be back again one day. The location isn't too bad. Parking looked like it could be difficult on a busy day. I came during the dead hours. The service was so so. It's lacking a little energy. I found myself having to get up and look for things. As far as the pizza.... I think there is a little room for improvement. I enjoyed it a little. The pizza I ordered had mushrooms, pepperoni, sausage, onions, and bell pepper. The toppings were good. The front end of my slices were a little soggy, but the crust was perfect. There were times when I would watch my toppings slide off like a sad romance movie. 
I would definitely come back again.The food was good but the service was awful. My order came out wrong and it took 45 minutes to come out.I called in an order at 4:15, was told it would be 30-45 minutes, and it didn't arrive until 5:45. When I called to check on the order the guy said the delivery left 25 minutes before. Yep. It was ice cold food. While the guy I was on the phone with told me to let him know if I was displeased he also said he had to go because he had another call. I hope this was just an off night. I had heard such great things about the place.I'm really a fan of this neighborhood, family-run joint.  I can't say it's my all time fave pizza, but it is really solid.  My favorite thing? They keep improving, which I love.  They obviously work very hard to produce a solid product.  My faves: chicken caesar wrap with pasta salad (enough for two and stuffed with chicken), jalapeno and pepperoni pizza, and their salads (BLT yum).We only order pizza from here. It's gourmet and delivered on time never messed up my order either. Forks up! Also try their breakfast, challah French toast y'all!We moved to NOLA from NYC and Pizza Nola is the closest to New York style pizza around.  We get delivery almost once a week. I am so happy they are around!This is a small pizza joint. I enjoy the service that was given. The food doesn't speak for the service though. I didn't know that the wings were naked and not season with sauce. So it was enjoyable. As for the pizza. It looks amazing but the flavor reminds you of a frozen pizza. Overall not too great but I will give it another go when I can.Good pizza, delivered promptly, nice delivery guy. Happy to find another delivery option in Lakeview!This is a breakfast review based on three experiences there.  I gave it three stars because the food is really good.
Pro's:
1) Food, when it finally arrives, is delicious.  The taste and quality is excellent, and you can tell the ingredients are fresh.  And, the price isn't bad at all.  Probably one of my favorite small breakfast nooks based solely on the quality of the food.
2) Wait staff is friendly.
3) Easy to park.  And, no wait.
Con's:
1) I can't overstate just how poorly run this place is.  It's like they picked up an excellent chef, threw in a couple of guys who have never worked in the restaurant industry, and said "let's see what happens."  Huge inconsistencies with service.  Had to constantly remind the waiter to get utensils and refill coffee.  The coffee refill took about 17 minutes.  I finally went to the counter and asked some dude standing in back if he could make me some coffee.  
Another inexplicable thing is that it doesn't seem to matter whether it's busy or not.  There were only three tables full when I was last there and we were one of the tables.  (Just two of us.)  As much as I love the food and prices I probably wont go back because of the really odd service.Delivery took an hour and a half.  I called to check on it at 9 because they were closing and the guy was really nice about it and they seemed to rush it over then.  The delivery driver was also nice and apologetic. The receipt for me to sign was hand written though because of the online ordering system?  The problem with the pizza though was the crust was super thin and the toppings and sauce very runny so they basically just slid off.  Def fork and knife , no chance to pick up.  Also, a good bit of cheese and toppings slid off into the corner of the box  on delivery.  Two stars because the taste wasn't bad... Some bites were quite good if you can get them to your mouth, just a structural and textural problem.We've been getting it delivered for more than a year.
Everything comes hot. We don't need to reheat it.
We try to vary what we order and we've liked everything we tried.There are two things you need to do if you are going to be successful in pizza delivery - (1) deliver it when you say you are; (2) make sure it is hot.  Pizza Nola fails at both.
The delivery time was to be 45 minutes.  It showed up after 90 minutes.  The pizza was not hot, not warm, COLD.  If I want to order delivery, I don't want to cook my food when it arrives.
The pizza is no better than Domino's, Papa Johns, or another low quality pizza chain.
----
In an attempt to correct my unsatisfactory experience, the owner did contact me, apologized for the poor customer service, and refunded my money.GOOD MORNING PIZZA NOLA! 
Pizza Nola your breakfast game is on point, on fleek, on fiyah! Ok enough... But really the breakfast here is not to be missed. The portions are very generous and the food is pretty flavorful. It's a small   place with an even smaller parking lot. I came here for a 3rd time and was turned away bc the parking was way too hectic. 
The breaded chicken for the chicken and waffles is award winning in my eyes. Crunchy and seasoned just right. 
Sadly I haven't tried the dinner here yet, but I will one day. Why you may ask? Umm gelato and pizza! It's like a no brainer...I went twice now to pizza nola to get a king cake from Dong Phuong. They're super nice and never used to run out of king cakes. I can't wait to try their pizza! Looks good and smells good.Got the veggie pizza that they offered without cheese (I am vegan) and it was all delicious! Service was nice, price was a little expensive but the ingredients were high quality! That pizza was great! Nice with its garlic sauce, and the dough had the perfect balance between crispy and soft. it's a shame this place is closing, but I wish them all the best and hope they can be led to better jobs or that the owner can start up a new successful business or whatever. Thanks for serving the community!Came in last night. Had spaghetti and meatballs. It was OK. Unfortunately, the meatballs were a tad bit cold in the center but with hot red gravy and spaghetti it warmed up. Overall I like this place BC the service is good, the is clean and usually there not that many people inside. Definitely better than Reginelli's down the street when it comes to pasta or pizza... Plus their menu offers a whole lot more.I have no idea how this place has 4 stars. My dining experience was one of the worst I've had in New Orleans. I cannot say that a single thing we ordered came out correctly, and that's including our drinks. I hope this was just an off-night and our bad experience can mostly be owed to the waiter, who did not put in any of our order correctly. The pizza was mediocre and undercooked and was definitely very overpriced. You can forget it if you want more than one topping.  I had a wrap, which was decent, but we will not be returning to Pizza Nola.This is the most unprofessional business to exist in the city of New Orleans. Period.
Whomever controls their twitter account (@PizzaNola) spent 3 days (and counting...) wasting his/her time stalking and tweeting immature things about the #kreweofchad. YOU ARE A BUSINESS! You should seriously reconsider what you say behind your twitter account. You really never know who or what the #kreweofchad consists of and to say that this poor decision on your part will likely come back to haunt you is an understatement. If you choose to exercise your 1st amendment right, you may want to create a seperate Twitter account.I like the Reginelli's and R & O pizzas here in Lakeview, better than the large chain pizza places, but I have ordered for delivery and eaten in Pizza NOLA quite a few times and have never had a bad meal. The atmosphere is a bit lame but the food is great. My favorite pizza is the Fleur de Lis, an amazing blend of fresh tomatoes, basil, mozzarella, bacon and blue cheese on an outstanding garlic infused olive oil crust. I have also tried more traditional tomato sauce pizzas such as their pepperoni, Italian sausage, Canadian bacon all with different veggie combinations and I want to tell you, Pizza Nola makes some of the best pizza that I have ever eaten. Everything is fresh! Other favs from the menu include the meatball sandwich on homemade bread, their wraps, especially the chicken Caesar or Mediterranean or BBQ chicken. I have not tried their wings but friends say that they are great. Courteous service, reasonable prices, a killer pasta salad served with all wraps or sandwiches. If you have room, try the locally made gelato and sorbet to. I love this place and not just because I'm lazy and this is only 4 blocks away.
Enjoy!The pizza is thin crust, not cracker thin but traditional hand tossed with a few extra spins. 
I got a portobella pizza and I thought it was OK. I probably wouldnt order it again. The mushrooms were so thick! and there was TONS of cheese. I wasn't a huge fan of all the cheese.  
One thing that concerned me is the place isnt very clean. I watched a couple tables arrive, eat, and leave without being wiped down.  My table had salt spilt near the salt shaker and napkins so it clearly wasnt wiped either. I had to return one of the plates the waitress gave us because it was dirty. 
I doubt I'll return.This was not my first time at BAWK! for breakfast as lunch on a Saturday.  In fact, I went there specifically for my fave protein pancakes and Greek yogurt with fruit. Sounds great, doesn't it? It is, or at least it was, until today.  
The only star is for the server who was new, apologetic, and tried to rectify the situation. He was a nice guy. I had to explain to him how the Greek yogurt and fruit was served.
Instead of going through a chronological description of what happened during my visit,
I will give the owners/managers some helpful hints for improvement based on my visit today:
1. Study your hours of operation. You serve breakfast items on the weekends from 7am until 2pm. If a customer orders a breakfast item after 12pm on the weekends, don't act surprised.  
2. Read and memorize your menu. Lady with gray hair behind counter, I know protein pancakes are on the menu because it is listed literally on the menu. Looking on the board and telling me it's not there is redundant. Trying to say it's not on the actual menu when it's there makes you look stupid.
3. Keep your cook from talking directly to customers. He came out twice: agreed to cook the quinoa and then (wait for it) couldn't find the quinoa to cook it! Note: they weren't out--he said he couldn't find it! As I finished my non-protein pancakes, which were just short of burnt, he said leaving the restaurant, "We don't get much call for that (my order). Sorry."  I doubted his sincerity. Besides the fact it's on the menu, I never had a problem getting protein pancakes before today.  Not sure where the cook went. Probably to do the no-quinoa happy dance somewhere.
Here's a suggestion to the owners: take protein pancakes off the menu. Or put a time limit on when it can be ordered so as not to give your cook quinoa-anxiety. Then I won't waste my time returning to BAWK! with the absurd notion that I can order anything off the menu and actually get it without the wait and excuses.What a fun place loved the food and gelato. Pizza at night amazing breakfast joint in the morning.. wow what a great find thank you.I've never actually been to Pizza NOLA or had their pizza...but I have ordered twice from Bawk! @ Pizza NOLA, which delivers breakfast Friday - Sunday. And oh my the breakfast is killer. I've had the bagel and lox platter and the challah french bread. 
The bagels are made in house and the platter comes with lox, cream cheese, onions, tomatoes and capers. This is one of the best bagels with lox I've had.
The french bread is made from challah. Pizza NOLA is owned by the same family that does La Dolce Nola, which is why they have gelato. La Dolce Nola also bakes fresh challah bread most weeks, which means that weekend we get fresh challah french toast. IT IS AMAZING. Challah is the perfect bread for this. 
So, it I like it so much why only four stars? Two reasons: I wish I could get this every day, not just Friday - Sunday and both times I've ordered something was missing from my order. When I called the staff was very nice and sent someone out immediately to bring the missing item. The second time it was syrup for my french toast. The syrup comes in little sauce containers and can easily be missed by the delivery driver, no big deal there. The first time I ordered my bagel and lox platter was missing lox. Yes, one of the ingredients in the name of the dish was missing. But they manager himself drove out to apologize and hand deliver my lox, so all is forgiven.
I'm sure Bawk! will get things running smoother soon and I'll certainly keep ordering. Even with those hiccups the food is fantastic at a great price.Ordered sandwiches, roll ups, and a Caesar salad for delivery this time. Delivery was quick.  As an aside, we tried to order on line but could not manage to get the menu to work on the iPad. No big deal so we phoned the order in. 
My blackened chicken Alfredo roll up was outstanding. Hot, creamy, and absolutely delicious. The tortilla had been grilled and flattened in the process which made it easier to eat. And the crunch was a nice touch. The  chicken Caesar wrap was likewise prepared and very good according to my MIL. 
My wife's caprese sandwich was substantial in size  and served on a fresh roll. Likewise, the California Club sandwich was on a large fresh roll with ample lettuce, tomato, and chicken breast chunks.
The Cesar salad was as it should have been. But seriously, the main events were the roll ups and sandwiches. Excellent.Some friends and I decided to go here after hurricane Isaac because they were open.  They had liked it before and since I'm not a NOLA native I had to try it out.  Since supplies were limited during the storm, the selection was a little tight.  I ended up getting the meatball sandwich with the homemade pasta salad on the side.  The marinara sauce was good on it but they had added an herb to it that was different for me but still enjoyable.  Definitely a place worth going back to.Nothing *horrible* happened, just that I ordered a couple breakfast sandwiches through the UberEats app- bacon, egg, and cheese- and they both came without cheese. Not one single bit of cheese. Just overcooked scrambled egg and bacon, on a dry-ass bagel. there was a decent portion of bacon... But sorry y'all, I could've made six of those, WITH the cheese, for the price I paid for them ole bargain basement bagels. I'd probably have added mayo, too.I really want to like this place, but I feel like other reviewers are eating at a different restaurant. We ate here a few years ago when they first opened and it was okay...so so. But it was a bit overpriced for the quality. So, we didn't go back. Meanwhile, they have had some great reviews- even apparently made it on the Nola Eater pizza map. So, today being our family lazy day, we decided to try it again. They deliver so I was ready to give this a go. Unfortunately, when I called, there was no delivery person available and they asked if I'd be willing to pick-up. No biggie- these things happen. Sadly, it was not worth the drive. The pizza was undercooked- I'm currently waiting for my oven to heat up so I can finish cooking the food that I paid someone else to cook. Cooking aside, the pizza itself is uninspired. With prices that compare to specialty pizza places, it should be better.
This is so close to my house and seems to have great daily specials. Had this experience been great, we would've gone there pretty often, because the menu sounds delicious. It just isn't.
Maybe I've just had bad luck here, but two times is probably all I'd be willing to gamble.I stopped here a few weeks ago to purchase a king cake. It was Jan. 5 and Pizza Nola already had their signs up advertising that they sell king cake. I was excited because they sell my favorite king cake, Duong Phong. When I asked about king cakes, the gentleman was abrasive and short with me. He stated that they would not arrive until tomorrow. I think the gentleman I spoke to is the owner. 
I've had pizza here in the past and I thought it was average at best. I did go back and purchase a Duong Phong king cake, which is the bomb! I love that they sell these! I give two stars based on poor customer service and average food quality. Their pizza was not to my taste but maybe I would like their other menu items..Y'all I have driven across town twice already for this pizza. First time it was because they were also getting Dong Phoung king cakes delivered for distribution so I needed one of those and, of course, I ordered a salad and pizza to go. All the foods were super tasty.
This past weekend I made it back over to try the Briesus...brie, apples and mushrooms and I'd like to report that it was delicious as was my Caesar salad...mmm garlicky dressing.
The staff is always great and there is plenty of parking. I just wish they were closer to me....next time, I'm definitely trying the gelato made in house.Decent pizza but quality doesn't match the premium price.Very good pizza, and they have 18 in pies. Definitely the best delivery pizza I've come across in Lakeview too, and some of the better pizza in the city. My favorite is the fleur-de-lis pie, if you are a fan of blue cheese and bacon you should try it out! The wings are pretty decent too.It's our first time ordering from this local pizzeria and we ordered pick up. 
We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip for appetizer and it was a little runny and not thick enough and it definitely needed more seasoning plus the bread that came with it were soggy and tasted old. For entree we had a large pizza that was HUGE in portions with pepperoni, mushrooms and extra cheese and it was pretty good. We also ordered the shrimp scampi and I was excited to eat it but the pasta which was a let down, shrimp scampi was supposed to be a light olive oil sauce with a touch of white wine and lemon but instead the sauce was too heavy maybe because they put heavy cream in it or something I dunno but it tastes more like a cajun pasta rather than shrimp scampi. We might give it another try one day but with a lot of tough competition from other Italian pizzeria around town they should definitely up their game.Pizza was tasty, but I find they r skimpy on the toppings.  14" pizza had barely over a dozen pieces of pepperoni.After a miscommunication between me and when their associates at this location. The owner reached out to me with sincere apologies about that and brought me the pizza I ordered on Sunday. Yes it was a fresh one LOL with this kindness and integrity I will be ordering from this location againI was craving a slice of pizza today, the bacon/roasted garlic pizza from Slice, and was dismayed when no one wanted to pick it up for me on twitter - and then PizzaNOLA tells me they'll deliver to me! I was so happy with just that - then I find they have a bacon pizza (but sadly no roasted garlic to add). So i order - they deliver - and it is sooo good! The crust had a wonderful flavor and texture! So wonderfully light and tastey! :D I was very happy after i had it! I highly recommend the place!
after the suggestion, they added roasted garlic as a topping! love it!!!Bawk review: pizza here is great but based on my one brunch experience here, Pizza Nola should stick to making pizza. 
The prices aren't too bad and the food was just ok. But what turned me off was the wait, poor service, and small portions.  The staff was friendly but just didn't seem to know how to operate a restaurant.  
We had the Brie and crab omelet and it was very underwhelming with poor presentation. For $14, I was expecting more with better sides. We also ordered monkey bread for $6 because it sounded great; glazed sticky buns  that you can pull apart and share. It came out in a small, crumbled, burnt pile of bread. 
I'll go back for pizza, but if it stays like this for brunch, I'll not be going back.We got take out. The spinach and artichoke dip came with bread instead of chips. I thought that the bread was pretty tasty, but the dip wasn't very creamy. It was runny. Taste wise it was ok. The chicken Alfredo wrap was very cheesy and good. It had a nice flavor. Lots of chicken. It was a very big portion!  I only ate half of it. The Pesto Turkey sandwich was yummy. The Pesto was good, and was My favorite part of the sandwich.For lazy, hungover Sundays, this place is a lifesaver. Order online and have it delivered to your door - can't get better than that!My favorite pizza place in town. While we usually stick with the basic toppings, I've had some of the (I'll call them fancier) pizzas and they're so delicious. Huge portions on the salad and the gelato is a frosty, tasty way to end the meal. You'll find me in here even more during the first few months of the year because they sell Duong Phong king cakes and Girl Scout cookies. Also, the owners are standup people and I like to stand up for them.Pizza and Gelato? Seems like a natural combination, but surprisingly not a common pair in NOLA. 
Pizza NOLA is doing it right.
Reasonably priced, delicious pizza, with lots of fresh toppings. It's quick & easy for takeout, or for a sit-down meal. 
Of course, the gelato is always a great finishing touch, especially on a hot NOLA day.This place is great! We usually order the Roasted Veggie or Fleur de Lis both are super yummy pizza. They have a coupon online when you order 18' speciality pizza you get a free large caesar salad which is great. You better try their Gelato it has an amazing flavor. Staffs are always friendly! I definitely need to try their Breakfast I heard is good too.Best wings in town. There, I said it.  Plus really big single slice pizzas.  And amazing gelato.  Super friendly service.I am reviewing Bawk the breakfast service. They now have a super easy to use online ordering system. The food just is so amazing and fresh. The jam is house made obviously, and just everything was top quality. My potatoes were cooked to perfection. I'm just so pleased I decided to come let y'all know about the good breakfast delivery and easy ordering. :)I like to go out to eat, however I'm not too keen on going by myself.  This means that a lot of the time I order take-out from various places to get yummy food without the "single diner" treatment.  Not to mention I eat pizza like I'm a freaking Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle (Cowabunga!).  So when Pizza NOLA opened up, I had to check it out. 
I called in the early evening on a Friday.  The girl that answered the phone sounded friendly and upbeat and she was more than happy to discuss menu items with me.  On this particular day, I was craving margherita pizza which is not an item on their menu.  The girl explained that they did not have any fresh mozzarella so it wouldn't truly be a margherita pizza, however they were more than happy to make me a pizza with fresh tomato and basil with their regular mozzarella if that was okay.  I also ordered their BLT salad as it sounded interesting.
My order was delivered quickly and I was surprised to find that the delivery person was the same girl I'd spoken to on the phone.  She explained that they didn't currently have a delivery driver so she was making the deliveries.  Many times, if a place doesn't have a driver they just tell you no delivery so this really stood out for me.  She was definitely going above and beyond the call of duty! 
My pizza was fresh and hot - so hot that I actually burned my mouth because I was so eager to take a bite.  It was fantastic, especially after months and months of nothing better than Domino's and Papa John's.  The crust was a nice consistency, not too thick or thin (juuuuust right, Goldilocks!).  The pizza also had a nice balance of cheese and sauce, something I really appreciate. The toppings were fresh and it was super delicious.  
The BLT salad was also very good.  Mixed greens with bacon, blue cheese, and tomatoes with a tasty balsamic dressing.  Overall, the whole meal was very flavorful and satisfying.  I was hooked - Pizza NOLA was immediately added to my speed dial as one of my take-out staples.
The only thing that I didn't care for was the bread that came with my salad.  There were two garlic rolls which looked good but when I took a bite, I discovered that they were hard and dry without much flavor.  I made up for it by dipping it in the leftover salad dressing but it was still eh.  
I've ordered from them several times since then.  They have delivery guys now and they are prompt and friendly.  The food has been consistently good.  On my most recent order, I decided to add a pint of chocolate gelato to my order and it was divine!  If you are in the Lakeview area and you want good pizza, Pizza NOLA definitely worth checking out!Just all around great food. they are not far from where I live and they deliver to Lakeview &  Mid-City I believe. Also, you cant beat the fact that they have fresh made gelato available for take-out and delivery. Oh and if you have the chance to, do not miss when they have screenings of tv shows outside!So disappointed, as I wanted to love this place. We got two pies and an order of wings. The pizzas tasted like any run of the mill frozen take and bake. The wings were soggy. 
I will try them again because they are so close to the house, but I'm a bit nervous to waste the money.I gave them a 5 start before even ordering my food because it's a great pizza place and they have great food but when I ordered my food now they change there prices telling me that the 2pm price is different than the 9pm price 
Now that's going to put them 2 stars below 
I was almost going to put 2 stars because he hung up in my face not saying thank you 
I live one block away and I been leaving in lakeview for 12 years that's not how u treat your regular