I'm pretty sure this place has been open since before I was born and it's no surprise as to why. 
The absolute classic of an American diner, polite and attentive waitresses and most of their food made entirely from scratch. I would definitely say their fried chicken is the best I've had before, and fresh! Bottomless coffee too, for $1.75 which I think is quite reasonable. Nice pie, too :)I cannot say enough how much I loved this place!! It has a great old school diner vibe. The workers there were so so nice. I had never had gumbo and they make it to order but they made us 2 little tasters, and I usually don't even like shrimp but I ate every last bite!!! We also had the grits, fried chicken and the split pea soup was the best freaking split pea soup I have ever had in my life and I am not kidding. And the prices are insanely affordable, between the 2 of us we ordered a lot of food and beers for only $25. Great deal!If I could give zero stars I would.  Service was slow and it wasn't busy. Order came out missing food. Place was disgustingly filthy. And the food....bland and super greasy.Great place to get a diner plate lunch like meatloaf, jambalaya and poboys. Real cooked food not processed foods.No fancy but good food fast.Excellent oyster and catfish po' boys along with their red beans and rice. The catfish was moist and crispy as well as the oysters. The bread was fresh with the perfect amount of chew. Our server was attentive and pleasant throughout the meal. This is definitely a restaurant frequented by locals. Their prices are very reasonable and though their hours are limited the full menu is available during business hours. We were seeking to tick off a few more items on our to eat list and are so "pleased" we chose "Please U"!Please u restaurant was our first meal when arriving from Florida.shelly was so sweet.we will come back many times during our stay.thanks again shelly!Just good old fashioned diner food. This is as real as it gets. Great prices matching great diner food. Sorry to the cali girl (review below), this is New Orleans. There are plenty of pretentious places you can go. This is not one of them. . Wonderful staff who make you feel like you have been coming for decades. Been 4 or 5 times and always loved it. Reminds me of a time when my Dad and I would go to his favorite "spoon" for breakfast after we cleaned my uncles bar. THAT'S THE SECRET, it reminds you of a time when things were simple and good service and food were the norm. Thank you to the owners and staff for serving more then just good food.I don't  know why this place has such high reviews.  Breakfast  was quite abysmal. I ordered hash browns and got country style potatoes.  They were dry. Most of the food tastes  like it was previously  cooked and that is.is microwaved to order. Dry biscuits with a fake butter taste  ,dry potatoes.  The good items were pancakes  and omelets. Both were  also notably  fresh.I went to a lot of restaurants in New Orleans while visiting. This one was near our Hostel and I wanted a quick southern breakfast (to go). OK well the food is good--obviously, I didn't expect any less, but the waitresses were so darn nice. Some of the nicest people I met down there. I wish I had went earlier during my vacation because I would have went there every day for breakfast. But if you are anywhere on St. Charles Avenue near this diner, please go in. You won't be disappointed.I was looking for home style cooking and this cafe is just what I wanted. Had western omelette and it came with choice of potato or grits and choice of biscuit or toast. Biscuits were warm and flaky, grits good and not pasty/ lumpy and  omelette bursting with stuff. Good price. Warning: served are huge. Went back and had great catfish for lunch. Next time will try the half cried chicken. It takes 30 mins from when you order, but it will be worth the wait.I make it a point to stop in this little diner every time I go to New Orleans. I wish there were places like this in Chicago - the prices, the food, the neighborhood folk make this a truly authentic New Orleans joint. It's also super easy to get to via the streetcar if you're in the area since it's on St. Charles :) 
That being said - no, don't come here if you wanna be wowed by the decor. This place is delicious, home style New Orleans food served by good New Orleans people and that's it. Go on down the street and pay triple the price for food that would never be up to even 1 compared to the 5 star food they have here.
If you need another reason to go other than the food - well, I absolutely love the owners, Nick and Helen (fellow Greeks :) ). Nick's had the restaurant for over 30 years in the family and even worked in the kitchen himself when he first came over from Greece in his 20s. He knows every recipe you can think of and his shrimp and corn chowder.. oh man, it's the best I've ever had. 
I could go on and on about how lovely this place is  - just go and check it out yourself. I mean, there's a reason it's been around since 1946 right?Great little hole in the wall for breakfast.  Had the Greek omelette and hash browns, everything was cooked to my specifications and came out fast.  Great portion size for the money as well.I went back to the Please-U-Restaurant when I was in New Orleans recently and once again they didn't disappoint! I had the pork chop for breakfast and it was perfectly seasoned! We spoke with the delightful waitress who was telling us about the places she lived in various parts of the country! This is my breakfast spot when I'm in NOLA!My mom and I came here for breakfast. I had eggs, toast, bacon and toast she had an omelette. We were both pleased with our meals. We haven't found many other places in New Orleans where we could eat for under $10 each. The coffee wasn't very good and they forgot our water but I would definitely come back.As far as diners go, you will not find one in the city that does as good a job as The Please-U. I've been coming here for years and I can honestly say that it is my favorite breakfast spot in town. Although some might find its menu items unrefined, I find it quite comforting to have a simple American breakfast without all the bells and whistles. Besides, if you're looking for something along the lines of a duck confit corn muffin with yucca pancakes, try just about every other breakfast place in the city, not here. Along with having an unpretentious menu, affordable prices and extremely prompt service it seems that Pleas-u does "diner" better than any other diner in the area. So don't say that I didn't warn you when they say that they are all out of unpasteurized artisanal cheeses for your free-range eggs benedict w/ baby bok choi.This diner's name cracks me up. I was a little skeptical about eating here because of it, actually. Thank goodness I ignored my general hesitation and just went with it because it is great!
Inside is what I can only think to describe as a "divey diner" because it's very dated and not very aesthetically pleasing.  That really doesn't bother me as long as the food is good and the food here was great and the service is prompt and friendly.
I had a fried shrimp poboy once and a ham and cheese omelette with hash browns and toast on another visit. The poboy was really good and was piled high with shrimp. The omelette was wonderful and again piled high with the fillings. The chef is very generous.  Both were under $10.  Awesome!
Here's to you, Please U! You did, in fact, please me. :)Despite the look of this place, they have great food and even better prices! Definitely recommend it to anyone staying nearby! We had brunch here our first time staying in NOLA, and we were glad we did. All the locals will recommend this place too.So for service first, i loved this place. Shelly welcomed us off the street and made it seem we could not wait to be her guests. The place is a bit old, the vinyl-topped stools at the counter dated but charming, the ATM machine squatting next to the row of booths an intrusive anachronism, but overall homey and comfortable. The food is southern and just as comfy. I had tender ham hocks and cabbage; my buddy had a meaty and robust fried catfish. Both were tasty as hell and served with a smile and warm conversation. Great lunch at an affordable price, and one of our best experiences in NOLA this trip. Thank you, Shelly, for a great finish to our little tour that day.The Please U has always been one of my first stops in New Orleans.  The waitresses are perfectly polite.  The food is some of the cheapest standard New Orleans restaurant fare one can find.   Most main plates are between 6 and 8 dollars and are well worth it being tasty and filled with go power.  The decor is a wonderful diner style that complements the greasy spoon nature of the place.
Thanks for being here after all these years!Not a bad place for regular diner fare. Friendly staff. A little cramped inside. Ceiling tiles were sagging. Seats and all felt cheap. Stupid cheap meals(a good thing). I don't really feel strongly about this place to continue writiA hole in the wall you'll want to visit again and again. Found Please U on Yelp and decided to visit during my trip to New Orleans. We had wonderful waffles and the best biscuits. Walked out spending $12 for breakfast. Friendly staff and delicious food. Locals all around!One of the best hidden gems in all of New Orleans! Great local food, and amazing hospitality. Their Po Boy sandwiches are to die for. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll definitely be back!!!Food's just decent, but the price is right.  This is the great American diner baby.  And I don't think it's going anywhere fast.Another great spot for breakfast!  No frills, quick in and out service, cheap prices.  Very hospitable wait staff, they seem to know several of the regulars and makes you feel at home.  I should've went back for lunch, but sooooo many other places to eat... Go if you can, for any meal.Enjoyed the Greek salad with the tender grilled chicken, one of my very favorites around town. Another of my favorites is the shrimp and oyster poboy. Absolutely Love the atmosphere at please u which is on st Charles avenue.Food delish, large menu, friendly service, huge portions. What else could you be looking for?The omelets are good. Not a flashy place, but a good breakfast. Cheapest breakfast I've had in town this week. Friendly service.Good not great... out of homemade biscuits so no biscuits and gravy. Utensils were dirty. Service mediocre. Probably would not come back.Visited this awesome dive diner in the garden district.  This place just feels like home.  This is a hidden gem for locals.  Our waitress felt like an old friend and was on top of her job, checking back, refilling the coffee and stopping just to chat and make sure everything was okay.  Had the Please u omelette with a biscuit.  Everything was superb and the prices were better than anything you can find in the touristy areas.  If I lived in NOLA this would definitely be my weekend go to.  Comfortable, Comfort Food, Great Prices & Awesome Staff.Nice local diner. Food was good and reasonably priced. Was quick and friendly service.Great new Orleans dinner , food WAs good, not greasy at all, friendly staff if ur in the garden district Check it out. Plenty of other places for bfast in the city, there is nothing to special hereThe catfish sandwich was so good. The owner makes the homemade tarter sauce. I dont normally get po boys but wow we liked it so much that we went back at lunch.  Gumbo yum..specials awesome. Open early open late. The server was so friendly it was hot and when we walked in they c I uld tell so they turned up the air. Really a pleasure.In the words of Greg Sheat "Best breakfast I have had in America" . Five stars would recomendEverything I had there so far was very good and the prices for the amount of food you are getting are very hard to beat. They even have a delivery!!!Great diner food. Staff is awesome and friendly. I remember back before I even moved to NOLA, I was guided and basically had different dishes explained, other restaurants I should check out and what events I should go to. 
Now, when I show up here, I get myself a gumbo or sandwich and enjoy my food and atmosphere.finally mustered up the energy to get up,  and attempt to revitalize myself . Got here at 6:30am , the service was nice, and thats cool and all, but the food was absolutely disgusting !!! Got a shrimp po boy, the shrimp WAS OLD, i could tell by the smell, and the taste was just unfortunate confirmation . the onion rings were terrible as well ! Got a side of brown gravy, that tasted like bad water . thw tomatoes were soggy, all in my party trashes our food . Didnt even feel like going to take it back , but will NEVER be going back again ! && to think, they had barely just opened, and there were already like 4 separate groups of people [locals/regulars] chowing down and raving about the establishment ! ugh ! they only get 2 stars because they were friendly .This was not a good place. The waitress was nice but the food was not good at all. They forgot our coffees and even forgot to put cheese on my omelet. When I said something about it they just slapped some slices of cheese on top and wasn't even  melted. I don't recommend this place to my enemy. The bathroom is in the kitchen with no lock on the door. This seem unsanitary.Total mom & pops diner, got an omelet with the hash browns (which are to die for) and they have an awesome staffNot only is the food good but the service is out of this world amazing. Location is perfect and outside seating is available for a gorgeous day! Will definitely return.delicious!!! Cannot go wrong here. Plenty of delicious food and it's super cheap. Get a Shrimp omelette with home fries and their amazing biscuits.I greatly appreciated the patience of our order taker.. My family and I made the mistake of placing our orders in the line to go, but meaning to eat there. She was very polite and got us our good in acceptable time. It was very busy and sort of confusing whether to just sit or wait to be seated.. One recommendation would be to have a sign outside for tourists saying the lines are got to go orders and payment and to seat yourself. I'll be dining there again!A little hole in the wall type place for the area it's in. The food was cheap yet really delicious and came out quickly. Their tartar sauce was so good!!! Definitely recommend this place to anyone.Delicious and reasonably priced diner food. Seafood gumbo is good, not too spicy. Get a po'boy dressed: lettuce, tomatoes and mayo. The location is great for hopping on and off the street car.Being from New York I can appreciate some good diner food and Please U did not disappoint. Had the eggplant parigiana and it was very good. Good prices and good food everytime I come. All you expect from a Greek dinerThe waitresses and cooks at this place are super nice. The food is really good and it is reasonable. It is straightforward breakfast that will be good every time you order it. I am giving it five stars because we ate there every day during our stay here in New Orleans. The establishment is nothing that is fancy, it is a dive breakfast joint. We would save money by going here to have a really good breakfast and then splurge during our lunch or dinner's in the French Quarter. I wouldn't travel across town to eat here but if you're staying nearby then you should eat here daily.We came here because of the great reviews.  Won't be coming back.  We sat at an open table, but had to ask for it to be cleaned (it just needed a quick wipe - wasn't crusty, but hadn't been cleaned after the previous customers).
Even though biscuits were prominently advertised, they were not available.   
I ordered the Please U Omelet with hash browns (no biscuits even though breakfast is offered all day) with ice water.  The eggs in my omelet were not mixed, so the exterior was patches of yellow and white.  Maybe that is a thing here, I don't know.   But the whites of my unmixed omelet were not cooked.  I scraped them off because I was very hungry.  About halfway through,  I hit clear egg whites, and I was done.  The hash browns were not crispy or seasoned, but there was salt and pepper on the table.  The toast was hot and fresh and very good - not rolled in fake butter.  No butter or jam/jelly offered, though... and the toast came out several minutes after the food.  Silverware arrived after the toast.
Maybe the cook was new - when an order was ready, the pick up bell would be rung for about 30 seconds.  Or maybe the staff had issues.  We arrived around 10:30-11am, and there was plenty of seating in the small restaurant.   Tables only accommodate parties of two.  Counter seating was also available.   We chose a booth because there were three of us.  Hubby had to ask for more coffee, my water was not refilled, we were not checked on if food wasn't being delivered, and the child received his food after the adults, after the toast, and after the silverware.   Bad plan.This place could definitely use a facelift. When I walked in I wanted to walk right back out. We only stayed because of the yelp reviews. Idk who wrote the reviews but their standards has to be very low or nonexistent. I ordered French toast well done. One side was burnt the other side was completely raw. I sent them back for pancakes which was just ok at best. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.A time capsule of a down-home New Orleans diner.  My Dad used to take me to find breakfast when I had no school.  Expect to be called, "sweetie," and don't hesitate to say it right back.For a mom and pop diner, this place is pretty good. Now if you're looking for something fast, good, big portions and inexpensive...this is your place. Service treats you like family. I had the small muffeletta, and it was great with the pickled veggies, meat was fantastic. The man had the red beans and rice...also really good. We haven't had a meal for under 20 bucks in forever :)The ultimate Greasy Spoon! It is walking distance from my condo in the Garden District. I've never had a bad meal here! The catfish is awesome, as are the omelettes. If you leave hungry, it's your fault!Best breakfast in NOLA by far! Little hole in the wall place but don't let that deceive you, friendly staff, great food and best prices...Hole in the wall yumminess. Pretty traditional breakfast items in the garden district. Huge plates and you won't walk away hungry! Would go back if in the areaGreat yummy breakfast if u are not looking for a fancy place to eat.  The place looks like a diner.  So very outdated.  But great food.I really enjoyed this place, the food and staff were great! Please-U Restaurant is my go-to spot when I'm in New Orleans!This local venue is a great throwback to the neighborhood diner of yesteryear, only...it's still vital to the neighborhood! The morning I visited, it was something I hadn't experienced in quite a while: regulars who looked forward to seeing each other, a gathering of retirees savoring their French Market coffee and discussing current events.
I had an artery-clogging breakfast of 2 eggs over easy, Patton's hot sausage, and for me, a rarity - two pancakes. The pancakes were a little tough, but I don't care for a lot of syrup. The eggs were so light and not greasy, and even the hot sausage wasn't the oily deluge Patton's creates.
My server was friendly and even when she forgot items it was lightening fast. Including juice, coffee, and tax my total was less than $9.00. 
Check it out some morning when you call in sick. Take the paper, & enjoy the day with a simple, satisfying meal served with a smile.Plain, no-frills, greasy spoon. So greasy that the bathroom is in the kitchen. The decor is sticky too, but don't let that deter you from eating here. 
The po-boys are delicious and huge. The seafood on it is piping hot and flaky fresh. I had shrimp and my friend had catfish. Amazing!!! The size of these things make me ashamed to admit that we ate them all up. Onion rings were to die for - fresh cut onions, fried to golden perfection. 
Ask for a side of gravy, douse your sandwich in hot sauce and prepare for a trip to the heavens. 
Other patrons were eating eggs, dirty rice, I saw rotisserie chicken and fish fry. Everything is just straight up good.Good and service was excellent!!!  We had the shrimp po boy, chicken and waffles. It was great food and so tasty!Great little joint for breakfast the morning after the parades. Cynthia was our waitress and she was delightful. The food was real good and couldn't beat the price!This place is a diner in every sense of the word. Really bleak on the inside and really bland food. Definitely wouldnt go back. We had the fried chicken and it was worse than fast food fried chicken.Old and a bit worn out dive, with fast and friendly service and really good food. Try the Greek omelette, get the grits and biscuits, and don't be afraid to ask for substitutions.Can't beat this place for the price. If you're looking for an affordable breakfast that is also delicious, this is the place to go.  The oyster omelette, Greek omelette and biscuits and gravy are delicious. The food is served quickly. 
This is the type of place that you would expect to find our in the country with the service to match. It's excellent.Very disappointing. With 4 stars on Yelp, I was expecting pretty good homemade breakfast. There was 4 of us in our party and we all wanted to try their homemade biscuits, but they were out... they probably ran out of the frozen ones and didn't want to make any fresh. I ordered waffle, eggs (scrambled with cheese) and bacon. The eggs had an American craft sliced cheese on top of my eggs... seriously? The bacon seemed to be re-heated because it was greasy and flimsy. The waffle also seemed to be reheated because it was soft and didn't have the fresh crispiness to it. My sister in law ordered pancakes and eggs and sausage. The sausage was raw and her pancakes were greasy with meat flavor. They probably cooked it on the same spot the bacon was reheated. I will say again. Very disappointed. Would not recommend to anyone.Just had breakfast here this morning, after scooping Tropical Storm Lee flood water out of my car...and the $7 eggs, ham and french toast hit the spot! Our waitress was quick and efficient, and we all loved our breakfast choices (bfast is served ALL day). 
It's a great place to go if you need a hole-in-the-wall with affordable prices!Yes Indeed! I had the chicken and waffles...praise be to the king!!!! Chicken tenders were on point; and the waffle is probably the best in town! Customer service and wait staff were great...absolutely no conplaints! Definitely will be sure to visit this place again whenever I find myself looking for a quick bite uptown.Food's nothing special, people who appear to be the owners seem indifferent, with both  customers and staff (who were great). Place is like an old fashioned diner. Overall, not so welcoming.We had the rice and beans (which were amazing with a lil bit of hot sauce), muffuletta, Mexican omelette that came with a side of gravy and biscuits and really good spiced hash.  I would 10/10 recommend this place to experience some real southern hospitality with Shelly. 
This is an easy going diner with maybe the BEST server named Shelly. She was really attentive and made our breakfast experience a one to remember. We will definitely return to see her!We stayed at the Wyndham Avenue Plaza and were looking for a place to grab a burger closeby.  We had passed Please U a few times walking and it looked like a dive but dives often have the best burgers - right? 
 We picked the right place!  Large, juicy burger.  The fries and onion rings weren't remarkable but the burger was so big that we didn't really need them.
We went back for breakfast this morning.  I had an omelet and my DH had pancakes and sausage.  All were quite tasty and the coffee was great.  They did not have decaf.  Well... they offered instant decaf but who wants that?
Bottom line.  4 stars for offering a decent meal within minutes of our hotel.  AND offering a smile and great service.Eh... a good but nowhere near a great diner.
The food was ok. The prices were fine. 
The service was harried and distracted.
It was ok, but we'd probably try other places the next time we're in the Garden District.This is the ideal diner. Food is great and cheap. Classic diner look, rough but clean.Cheap, but not good. It was really disappointing. Biscuit was good. Not much else. Eggs were undercooked, steak was kinda gross and the potatoes made my husband sick.If you can't say something nice, it is better not to say anything at all. Chicken tenders were mostly cartilage and soaked in grease. Foul fowl. Not a pleasant memory.I would say a solid three stars for this place.
I really liked the food, for the most part. I ordered two eggs over easy with bacon, hash browns and toast. It was really good and the staff was super friendly and attentive. I gotta say, the coffee is garbage. I'm sorry, but there's just no other way to put it. It had such a bad aftertaste, it almost felt like it was coating my tongue. Also, they butter the toast, which I don't really like, but if I go back I'll be sure to ask for the toast unbuttered.
Now for the complaints. First of all, I walked in and the place smelled like wet dog. I have no idea why, but it did. The restaurant doesn't feel overly clean and the shelves holding the knick knacks were noticeably dusty. The worst was probably the fact that I had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. This normally wouldn't be a HUGE deal, but it's tight quarters and walking through a kitchen with hot griddles and grills and stoves and ovens all going at once made me a bit nervous that I was going to bump into something. Also, I just don't like the idea of customers being able to tromp through where my food is being prepared. I guess I'm just weird like that.
They serve breakfast and lunch, so you can get poboys and burgers here. It's a pretty typical diner type of place.
I probably won't go back. St. Charles Tavern is still my #1 choice for breakfast on the Avenue.Yuck.  One of the worst meals I've had.  Vacant service, I felt like the waitress didn't listen to anything I said.  Order was wrong.  Flavorless.  It was cheap though.Fantastic food and Shelly is awesome! She made our first restaurant experience in New Orleans unforgettable! The shrimp poboy was great and HER grits were delicious!!I love this place.  The grilled shrimp salad is super delicious and healthy.  The sandwiches are fantastic, and the location is unparalleled.  My first visit was right after a parade, and the food was just what the doctor ordered.  Great service by attentive folks eager to please.  Cannot wait to come back.Pretty surprised this clocks in at 4 stars, as it's completely mediocre, bordering on bad, in almost every aspect. 
Service was extremely friendly, which probably bumps this review a star, but the food was rough. Their "hashbrowns" are the chunky breakfast potato style, and were 1) burnt 2) flavorless and 3) smashed in an odd way. Eggs were cooked to order, but they forgot to bring all of our biscuits, which it turns out they were out of, and then we waited 10+ minutes for a piece of toast. 
Tried the po' boys too -- better, but still average at best. Not really any need to stop in here with all the incredible food options nearby.OMG AWESOME PO BOY! Veritable pile of fried oysters and shrimp on what was basically an entire crusty French bread roll, (two huge halves) for $9! Friendly staff, classic hole in the wall diner atmosphere, about as legit as it gets.Cheapest mom n pop breakfast place uptown for sure. The fam is Mediterranean so they always have specials like homemade moussaka on the menu.  The gyro omelette is my fave because of the super fresh mild feta.  Don't expect fancy here but don't let that deter you. The staff is legit family and real sweet.Totally go here for all day breakfast or the biggest po boy (by far!) I've seen my whole time in New Orleans. 
This little diner is very unassuming from the outside. I have a penchant for greasy spoons, but I was actually on my way to a "higher class" place for brunch when the flooding-in locals made me think again. Good thing, too. Turns out everybody at Please U is a local and a regular. The waitresses (Stephanie is great) know the neighborhood people by name. 
I went for the Greek omelette, which was stuffed with tender gyro and big blasts of feta. Awesome. The grits were done right and not high-falutin'. For my waistline's sake, I opted out of the biscuits, but the looked huge and golden and fluffy. 
Looking over the menu, I love that this place has elements of Cajun and southern and Greek and Italian and even Jewish. The guy next to me got the shrimp po boy, which must have been 16 inches long and 5 inches high. Now I have to go back for lunch! 
Everything on the menu is like $5-8, and the $7 po boys come with a mountain of a side - definitely two or three meals.Please U pleased us so much we ate here THREE times during our New Orleans vacation. It's simple, cheap, and delicious. I think perhaps people should understand the terms "diner" and "greasy spoon" before walking in, and understand that is exactly what they're going to get at Please U.
The biscuits are the bomb-dot-com especially with sausage gravy ladled atop. I was cheating on my mostly veggie diet while on vacation, so I tried most of their choices for sausage and let me tell you, the links are the way to go without a doubt. The cooks know how to prepare eggs to your liking, the grits are creamy and delicious, and the coffee is piping hot. 
Our waitress was a hoot. In fact, she's one of the reasons we kept coming back. Her smile was contagious and she was more than willing to take some time chatting with these tourists to share what she loves about her home town. I wish I could remember her name! 
Bottom Line: Excellent diner with great prices and attentive service. No-brainer if you're in the lower garden.