Would rate 0 stars if possible. Terrible service, my companions burger was at least 3 day old meat and completely raw on the inside along with completely raw bacon. Terrible experience and time wasted. Something sinister is happening in this establishment. Don't eat there. You'll waste your time and money.This restaurant is cozy, friendly and delicious. They are open from 8a-2:30p and have breakfast and lunch menus. I had the French toast, eggs Benedict and meatloaf. It's all delicious but the MEATLOAF!  Best meatloaf I ever had.Darn good! Check out the specials. We had bacon wrapped shrimp over caramelized shallots for an appetizer. Unique for a café/dinner of this sort. My dining companion felt as though his eggs Benedict were drowning in hollandaise that was subpar.  He wishes he had ordered the quiche. The grits are sinfully creamy! My Polly melt was a fantastic pepper crusted burger with Swiss cheese and grilled onions. Loved that I could sub salad for fries. I plan to go back and try more dishes.Well we stumbled upon this place walking one day mid incredible way to start off gentlemen that were enthusiastic service was great quiet cute for cheeky little breakfast nook on the side of the road with incredible food thank you guys five starsBrunch, Bloody Mary's, all with a local flair and amazing food. Bottomless Mimosas the shrimp & grits in a tomato sauce and the omelette with steak to die for...this place to
Is the new little hot spot on the Bywater. If you're looking for something more than eggs and toast all with a NOLA twist I gift recommend this place.This was our first time here. For a weekend morning, it was very quiet.  Breakfast was good but basic, ie., home fries were just potatoes, no onion, peppers but they were ok, sausage links were the 'brown and serve' things...  Nothing special that you wouldn't get at any other breakfast place in the Marginy or Bywater.  Price was a bit high given the overall lack of imagination in food prep.  On the other hand our server was exceptional, engaging and eager which made up for the owner, who was standing right there, never opening his mouth to say "hello", "welcome", "thank you", "FU"...  With so many other good breakfast choices in the neighborhood we have options where we spend our money - fortunately.Had a delicious lunch here recently--tried the current specials of sweetened ricotta and berry stuffed blintzes, followed by the Bloody Mary shrimp and grits. Check out all the beautiful artwork by local artists while there.What a great surprise!!  This little cafe is so much more than I expected. The menu variety is amazing. The service and atmosphere were delightful. There were 3 of us everything we had was delicious. It was Sunday afternoon and 2 of us had breakfast and 1 had lunch. I've included pictures a spinach omelette, eggs Bywater and chicken parmigiana sandwich. Try this place and you'll be ready to go back.The tacos were very fresh and delicious. Fast and friendly service!! I will definitely be back to try some different tacos. #VeganTacosWhen we walked in I was surprised to see there was no wait on a Sunday at 11am. We quickly learned why. With only 4 tables occupied, it took us 35 minutes to get coffee with a friendly reminder. After one full hour of waiting for our food, we had to leave. There is no reason that it should take any more than an hour to cook bacon and eggs for 4 people. They didn't charge us for the coffee while we waited for an hour though, so that's a plus.Awesome cafe with some usual cafe standards, but all having unique flair and flavor. The specials are always amazing. The soups are incredible.Great new breakfast (lunch too) place in the Bywater. Cute spot.  Friendly staff and owners.  Definitely will be back.Finally made it to Pollys for brunch today and it was great. The food was delicious, loved the grits. The restaurant is bright and light with interesting art work done by locals.
The staff is friendly and fun.
Great place for breakfast or lunch.I was in the area for Essence Fest and we wanted a good breakfast, walking distance from our Airbnb. 
We found Polly's.  
Paul was our server and he was pretty good. 
The food was delicious and I cleaned my plate!  Two of the four of us had biscuits with our order.   They looked so good and after we tasted them, the other two ordered a biscuit.  Get the biscuit off the grill.  It is awesome!  My omelet was great.  I ordered it and I think I forgot to say I wanted cheese on it. when it came out, I asked for some cheese on the side.  While I waited on it, I tasted it and it was good without the cheese!  
All in all, this was a great spot.  My friends were happy with the selection! Would definitely go again.If you could give a minus ten star review I would!! Worst dining experience of my life.  Went for breakfast and had to walk out after an hour and 15 minutes with no food.  Had to ask 3 times just to get our coffees.Stumbled on this place and was so pleasantly surprised! It's a cute little cafe and every single person working was SO sweet and seemed like they were really enjoying their job. They had a spinach and artichoke dip special and it was delicious. I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had their vegetarian biscuits and gravy. They were both incredible! This place has everything I want out of a restaurant and I would highly suggest.Great new find only open for 2 weeks just a few blocks from us. They have bottomless Mimosas, they have a great selection of breakfast and lunch items as well. My wife had egg white omelette with spinach and mushrooms. I had Polly breakfast plate. Also the Bloody Mary's were good. So come on down to Polly's Bywater cafe and eat with the locals.This place is amazing! The food was so great!! The staff was awesome! Music, atmosphere and vibe is unforgettable. A definite must!!Really like this place for what it is. Not pretentious, not trying to do anything crazy,  just solid breakfast food with a New Orleans twist. I have not tried anything on their lunch menu YET but it looks good.  
We went back because I was craving the hog's head cheese and their bloody marys are tasty and cheap. Their breakfast sandwich is a really good size and quality for 6 bucks and change. Also have tried the home fries,  corned beef hash, and tots and all are delicious.  
Service is good and fast and the guy who I'm guessing is the owner is very friendly and eager to make things go well, and I think to make it a neighborhood spot. 
I hope they expand their hours! I would love a breakfast all day/night spot but I'm just glad to have somewhere I can go eat get good breakfast/ comfort food in the neighborhood.Loved it from the moment we walked in! The look of it, the feel, the music. And of course the fresh pie on the counter! The food was delicious and our server was very helpful, definitely sold each and every dish to us. We must come back! It was so close to our Air BnB!This would have been a 5 star experience, had our server mentioned that the " tumbled fries" he suggested came with a $1.50 surcharge. ($1.50 just to have cheese melted over the small side of breakfast potatoes that already comes with the dish is ridiculous, by the way.) 
Anyway, we felt a bit misled when the check arrived. Coffee was strong, food was decent, fresh flowers on the table. There's local art over the walls and the place is clean. Just be careful of the additional charges for adding anything.Great new restaurant in the Bywater! Delicious food in a fun, airy atmosphere. Generous portions of breakfast and lunch comfort foods jazzed up and refined. Daily specials of entrees, soups and desserts expand the menu. Restaurant decorated by works of local artists. Try the burger!I absolutely love this place. Wonderful staff and wonderful owner. The food is so great.  My kiddos love all the lunch specials while us grown ups get to enjoy breakfast and mimosas. I highly recommend the tumble fries, Benedict, and any of their quiche. Such a great spot!Absolutely one of the best places to eat in the by water.  Try the eggplant/chicken Parmesan or the lasagna.   Fabulous!!This super cute and cozy cafe was discovered right by my air b&b-- and we couldn't of found a better breakfast place. I devoured a house spinach omelette with fresh spinach, fresh tomatoes, and feta. Also, amazing biscuits! We were enthralled to stumble upon the weekend bottomless mimosas! The service was very tentative and the place seems to be family owned. A great stop to grab a bite on St. Claude!ABywater gem.  Polly's breakfast is divine from start to finish.  The flavors explode in your mouth as breakfast meets New Orleans flavors.  A must visit.  The potatoes are amazing!Extremely  attentive and friendly  staff. Awesome food. A must try when your in New OrleansUnbelievable food, so seemingly simple yet complex flavors abound. Hurrah for Beth!!  Always interesting and uniquely delicious!Tasteless food. How can bacon be made to taste like wood chips? Really. Just the food. Sub Waffle House. That's about it, but why else go to a restaurant in the first place? The owners are great guys, the location is good, the decor is quirky, a little too fey and silly for my taste but no matter. My wife had a sandwich, limp lettuce, too much yellow mustard, cheap bread, why go on? We won't be back. The previous place at this location was called "The Crusty Cajun". At least they had good fries.The quality of the food was not great. The sausage I got tasted like it was just freezer sausage and my friend's omelette was weirdly constructed (just cheese on the inside; the avocado and bacon just sat on top and the avocado was not good). Service was better than the other reviews say. We didn't get any drinks though so maybe it would have been better if we were drunk.Best bloody mary, delish biscuits and super friendly service.  
My girlfriend and I stopped in for a light breakfast and the table across from us sat a young family, mother and 6~8 year old daughter.  The daughter finished her pancakes (or maybe it was french toast) then sauntered up to the counter with her plate.  She showed the cook, "Look!  I finished but I'm still hungry!"  
The staff behind the counter, without prompt from the mother or any extra charge, threw another pancake on the skillet for her.  
The mother, now aware of her daughters new food cooking and deciding it was time to leave, chided the young girl for wasting their time.  The staff here replied, "Oh no trouble, we will wrap it up for you to-go"
I don't think you can find better service than a restaurant ready to oblige the whims of a hungry child like that.  5 stars.Great stall, amazing food, reasonable prices, this will become a regular place for us.This place is incredible.
Service is about as good as I've seen for a breakfast/brunch spot.  Food is incredible.  The decor is really hospitable and I will definitely come back!!!Being 4 blocks from me, this is my FAVORITE neighborhood eatery. The food is excellent, the service incomparable. Paul never forgets what you ordered last time you were in. The food is served quickly and it has a homey neighborhood atmosphere. Do not miss this place for breakfast or lunch!!Great surprise in the Bywater/Marigny neighborhood.  We ate from the lunch menu beginning with a Bloody Mary just the way I like it prepared.  I ordered the tuna fish salad sandwich and my sister ordered the spinach salad with grilled shrimp.  Dressings were house made as was the tuna fish salad.  Portions were great, service was quick and attentive.  Wish we had discovered this sooner before we had to leave.  Highly recommend!Polly's is AMAZING! I had sausage and gravy (it's to die for!) and my boyfriend had the cheese steak with tots which was also super delicious. Vibrant atmosphere, excellent service and great menu options. Would give 100 stars if I could!Nice little place for break, brunch, lunch, and dinner. Great food, good portions and all fresh. The bonus is the price is excellent.Just a great place, simple menu, very delicious. The Bloody Marys are very good! The staff is very friendly, and there is always a place to sit, no wait at all. Please don't come here and make it all hype and packed.This is my new favorite breakfast place. The service is wonderful, the food is amazing, and the price is reasonable. They've got a quiet atmosphere with outside seating if your so inclined. There banana bread French toast is to die for, I wish it was a menu item and not a special. The have bottomless mimosas on Saturdays.The Benedict. You will not regret this dining experience. The house is clean, inviting, decorated with art and photographs of local artists, and peppered with light, old jazz music. The tables are elevated in stature with fresh flowers and the lighting is perfect.  The food is impeccable. The chef earned top marks with my dish. This place is a gem and I'm glad I discovered it. Come here and escape the outside world for a bit.Came in for breakfast- and I'm soooooo happy I did! I ordered the coffee brandy milk punch & the florentine. My partner had the tumbled homefries and sis had the shrimp & grits. Everything was amaaaaaazing! I'm so grateful. Paul is an amazing host and food specialist. I'm def coming back while I'm here visiting New Orleans!This place was cute and delicious! We received excellent service. I finished my plate (bywater eggs) and not because of hunger. Will defintely be back!We were looking for something within walking distance of our Airbnb, and Polly's popped up. A super cute beach vibe local spot that's actually better than the food we had at the more famous Ruby Slipper. 
I had the day's special -- shrimp and andouille quiche. The presentation wasn't all that, but it was good. I would ditch the side sauce it comes with, though. It was just too many powerful flavors. I also didn't care for the home fries made with Cajun seasoning. I know it's Louisiana, but some things are perfect as they are. Everyone else's food was great as well. And the biscuits. What a winner. They also had bottomless mimosas for $10!Love this place! Started with a delicious Bloody Mary in a nice tall glass  (homemade recipe)! Excellent service. Nice soft jazz music playing in the background. Had the eggs florentine with home fries smothered with mushrooms and onions. Yum!!
Highly recommend!We loved the vibes in this cute little cafe. The staff is super friendly and the food was yummy. We loved the Quiche Lorraine and Philly cheesecake. However, the star of the show was the berry pie!Hash and Eggs were amazing, drinks as well. The staff was very friendly and it's a good spot to enjoy some good breakfast. Happy my chef friend brought me here. He knows the good spots.Love this place. Excellent service - they're so friendly and hospitable! The food is perfect, just the kind of traditional American breakfast I want on a sleepy weekend morning. A reliably good choice on St. Claude Ave.Normally excellent place, but recently service sucked. They weren't that busy, sat us down right away, sat 3 other parties after us & waited on all 3 & ignored us. As we got up to leave they said thanks for coming, I said thanks for not serving us.Recommended by my friend who lives in NOLA, (he thinks he's a local now) Polly's has 10 dollar unlimited mimosas. Yes, we absolutely will partake in this deal...keep the mimosas coming honey! We had orange juice and then some other flavor that was added. Sorry I can't provide the name of it y'all. I apologize. The food was also really good. My shrimp omelette with veggies was yummy in my tummy. The mimosas had us real loose too. So stop by, you're welcome. Diner type feel, mom&pop type vibe. The service was good too. I live for some good breakfast. See ya when I get back home Polly's.Simply wonderful! My girlfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the weekend.  This was by far our favorite restaurant.  We wanted to try so much but we just loved the food, atmosphere and friendly staff so much that we had to go back a second time for breakfast before we left.  During our first visit, my partner had an egg white omelette with shrimp, and Swiss cheese, topped with sliced avocado.  Accompanied with Rye bread toasted perfectly and a side fresh sliced fruit.  I had a decadent asparagus quiche with a tasty mixed side salad.   During our second visit, we definitely splurged.  We started with Ruben egg rolls.  Oh. My. Gosh.  We also shared the quiche Lorraine. Delicious, fluffy, perfect.  My partner had the classic French toast, her favorite cheat meal breakfast food, so to impress her with it is a great feat.. and they did.  She devoured the generous helping quickly.  I had the banana bread French toast.  Excellent.  Any description of this dish that I could give wouldn't do it any justice.  If you're having breakfast, brunch or lunch, give this place a try.  So worth it.  Also, if you're a collector of fancy photographs of musicians elegantly framed, they have a wall dedicated and they're all for sale!  Enjoy!!I was in the neighborhood, so I stopped in for a brunch lunch on Memorial Day. This is a cute little cafe and I was happy to be seated immediately.
I believe the owners were the servers on the day I was here and there was a decent crowd in the place. I already knew exactly what I wanted as soon as I looked over the menu: give the shrimp and grits with a side of bacon! The server suggested a poached egg on top, so I went with it.
The dish was great! I think I read that the sauce on it is made in a Bloody Mary type style and it was great. Just a warning: if you aren't a fan of tomatoes, it might not be the dish for you. The shrimp were tail-off and perfect and the poached egg was a perfect, gooey addition. Yes, I crumbled some of the bacon into the mix, because I was in a party mood. I loved the whole thing and I would definitely order it again.
One bonus is they have $10 bottomless mimosas here every day that they're open! Whaaaaaaat! I'm going to have to come back for a proper brunch on a weekend and partake. The table across from mine was full of ladies enjoying their Memorial Day mimosas and I was envious that I was driving and had other places to go that day. haha
This is a cute neighborhood cafe and definitely worth a visit.The veggie biscuits and gravy special with poached eggs was to die for! Also, the bloody Mary's are not to pass up! Great service and great foodPolly's was amazing. The prices were very reasonable considering the fact that the portions were huge. My husband had the steak and cheese omelet and really enjoyed his meal. The Bloody Mary shrimp and grits was the best shrimp and grits dish that I have EVER had. It was suggested that I add 2 poached eggs on top and that was a game changer! I wish that we had discovered this place before the end of our trip. We would have gone back multiple times! Do yourself a favor and go eat at Polly's!While visiting New Orleans from California for Jazz Fest while looking somewhere to eat we noticed Polly's. It has a very nice breakfast/lunch. First morning I had Asparagus Quiche with a cup of fresh fruit. My husband had Eggs Benedict. Both were very good. It is a fairly new business, the menu is full of delicious sounding breakfast and lunch items plus delicious Bloody Mary's and something we did not try Mimosa's. We have been back a second time, my husband had a big breakfast I had a chicken salad sandwich, both very good. Try Polly's when in NOLAWhat a fun little cafe! I was meeting a friend for brunch on a Saturday morning and this is the spot we settled on. 
Our server was great, fun and friendly. I had the eggs florentine and bourbon milk punch. Super yummy and so filling. I didn't need to eat again for hours. 
Love the decor and that they have a full bar. Great spot!Went to this place for breakfast just because it was close to where we were staying. We were SO impressed. Everything we tried was delicious, and prices were great. We were tempted to go back the next day.This place has an incredible breakfast offering. The grits were creamy and perfectly cooked. The Biscuits and Sausage Gravy was wonderful with a generous amount of browned sausage over the top keeping it crisp instead of soggy. My wife loved the Bywater Benedict, especially after a dash of Louisiana Hotsauce.  If the food wasn't good enough reason to eat here, the staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. Never once had to ask for a refill on coffee or water. I hope that they can keep up this level of service as I will be recommending them to all my friends.After visiting NOLA in July, I will never look at grits the same way again lol!!! We found this jewel doing a Google search for breakfast and I'm glad we chose it. The breakfast selections are not vast but what they do have will blow your mind! It's a cute quaint place where the staff are friendly and helpful. Let me put it this way...we had breakfast here two days back to back. This is definitely on my list of restaurants to revisit when I make it back to New Orleans.AWESOME food and FANTASTIC PERSONAL service!!   This place is an opportunity for locals to get to know what New Orleans is still about!  I had "Polly's Breakfast" and I ate to my heart's content and STILL HAD PLENTY LEFT!  GREAT JOB EVERYONE!Server was awesome, club omelet was amazing and not to mention bottomless mimosa for only $10. Great little cafe.Everything about this place is excellent. Quality of food and service is 5 star!  Portions are twice the amount you'd normally get. Waiter was genuinely friendly and on the spot when needed.The service was impeccable and the food was great! The waiters were so kind and continued conversation since my group was visiting! There was no wait and it was delicious!!!"This was a nice surprise.   Our Waiter Paul was stellar, and we were first to arrive, and had the place to ourselves.   I had eggs florentine, and the hubby had corn beef hash.   Everything came out fast, and was yummy.   The conversation was too.
I'm so glad this place opened here, as I've been to every incarnation in this building, but a good breakfast spot was sorely  needed in this neighborhood.
We didn't have drinks, but they have a liquor license.   Support his place, cause this is a gem.Adorable cafe located in the heart of the Bywater.  Food was absolutely delicious. They have plenty of vegan friendly items on the menu, which I appreciate.Very good little spot. And even a parking lot.  Had the eggs bywater and they were delicious.Good favors, but service was bad.  Asked 3 times for coffee refill, seemed a bit of a chore.  No syrup brought with my buddies French toast, not sure if that's a NOLA thing or just negligence.  Food was lukewarm like it has been sitting a while (took 30 min to get food), and overuse of mustard on the "Eggs Bywater" masked the good cajun flavors underneath,AMAZING brunch and lunch AND bottomless mimosas!! Really great customer service as well, this is a must for everyone!!!The food was way better than I could have ever expected! My mouth is watering just thinking about it again. Felt like a shame to come to the South and not get biscuits and gravy, and they did not disappoint. Best I've ever had at a restaurant. The eggs florentine that my boyfriend got were also insane. I was jealous I didn't get them as well, but you can't eat the whole menu in one visit. Bottomless mimosas were $12 (maybe $14?) worth it if you keep drinking them though. Bloody mary was more my speed and was absolutely delicious. 
I'm giving it five stars because the food and drinks were amazing and service was great even though I'm almost positive there was only one waitress and she was super sweet. Might have to visit again if we come back to New Orleans!Excellent addition to the dining scene in the area!  Run by experienced restauranteurs, The place has a fun vibe.  Plastic tablecloths and a brightly colored counter area, a combination of natural light from the front windows and lamps along the side wall, and a flew fluorescents overhead (which the owner is working to dress up and soften), this new comer offers breakfast, brunch and lunch options on Thursday- Sunday 7am -2:30pm (for now - to expand).
Our table had two breakfast options and two lunch options.  A breakfast biscuit featuring a fried egg, cheddar cheese and beautiful bacon on a nice biscuit, a side of tumbled homefries (more in a moment on these), one traditional breakfast (eggs, choice of meat, choice of side and biscuit), one patty melt on a wheat bun with a side salad and one plain burger on a traditional bun with french fries.
We stared with an order of the in-house made nachitoches meat pies - nicely done with a winning sauce called polly's sauce (very nice spicy sauce with a hint of a smoked tomato flavor - yum!).  
Main entrées were served together and everyone loved what they had.  Only "improvement" would be to melt the cheese on the breakfast biscuit sandwich.  Not a fan of shredded room temp cheese on a warm egg (easily remedied by an ask when placing the order).  
The tumbled homefries...  these things were really a surprising star.  A casserole of potato that has been fried, with onion, mushrooms and cheddar cheese all tumbled together - sprinkled with a touch of green onion garnish.  Nothing fancy but a really winner!
Mimosas and a small selection of libations are available.  Good food done well, reasonable prices, good service and a great vibe are a recipe for sure success!I had the corned beef n hash, which unfortunately doesn't have much corned beef. For about 13$ it was having two eggs over hash browns. However the biscuits were very good, and will likely come back given you could taste the quality to try one of there egg Benedict's or sausage and gravy.  The service is amazing, so nice, and the diner atmosphere is nice as well.We were driving around looking for somewhere to eat beignet & came across Polly's. It's a very vibrant & eclectic small cafe that offers breakfast & lunch. Being St Patrick's Day I opted for the Reuban sandwich & my friend had the pastrami on rye. It was well over a 30 min wait for our food but boy was it worth it! Both sandwiches were delicious, the fries still had their skins on & the onion rings were crispy. People around us were having mimosas. I was tempted but decided to stick to my water. The staff their are extremely friendly & always on the move. Polly's was a great find, despite the absence of beignets.I really wanted to love this place, it sounded really good but it was very disappointing. Perhaps it was because we cane the day after Mardi Gras, but everything was wrong. It was like a real life episode of Kitchen Nightmares. We waited for fifteen minutes for menus and then found out their coffee machine was broken and wouldn't even make tea. Then we waited forty minutes before they brought us our orange juice, which was rotten. We waited another twenty minutes before they brought out food, which was not what we ordered and was cold. We waited another half an hour and finally got our food which was thankfully hot, but not quite what we ordered. At this point, we didn't say anything because we were so hungry. The serving of hash was quite small. The steak omelette was huge, but was not strips of sirloin, instead it was like roast beef lunch meat. The potatoes were tasty but literally swimming in grease. Oh and the ketchup on our table was also rotten. To top it off, the kitchen staff started screaming at the waitress at one point, which was basically in front of the whole restaurant because of the layout. They were severely understaffed and unprepared for a full brunch crowd.Walked in and immediately created with a warm smile. Service was excellent. The menu gets straight to the point. I ordered the shrimp omelette, home fries, and a biscuit. Well what I expected (small Waffle house type meal). I got a shrimp omelette fit for a King, well seasoned home fries, and a lumberjack biscuit. The shrimp omelette was well seasoned with no shortage of shrimp. Our waitress was very personal and friendly. Other than the food.......the chefs came out and had a down home conversation with us and other guest. All the employees made me text 3 friends to come. You've got to make Polly's your weekend breakfast spot.Came here for breakfast two days in a row. This place was great!!!!! The first day I had a shrimp omelet and it's a side of grits and the second day I had a spinach and cheese omelet with a biscuit. Everyone was pleasant and cool. I will recommend this spot any day!!!My friends and I came here for a Sunday brunch and everything was delicious! I had the shrimp and grits here - one of my favorite New Orleans dishes. I would order this dish again because they serve it in a unique way. The grits and the sauce are thicker than most places, making a hearty dish even heartier. I feel like their rendition has more going on- more vegetables, more shrimp, more sauce, and more texture. I like how Cake Café does their shrimp and grits just a little more, but I would definitely still order this dish again.
I also stole a few bites of the Eggs Bywater and the Biscuits and gravy. If I were to come back, I would definitely make sure the Eggs Bywater is somewhere on the table. The poached eggs of this dish are served on a perfectly griddled biscuit, adding a nice texture and flavor to the eggs. That creole hollandaise though!! I was really not expecting such a tasty hollandaise. Overall, super impressed with this dish. 
If you're in the area, definitely come by! The place has great vibes and you're sure to get quality food.Stopped in at Polly's for breakfast after being in the area and finding it on Yelp! 
I love this little gem on St.Claude Ave!
I was prompted greeted as soon as I walked in by a very friendly waiter! 
I was excited to try lots of items on the menu as everyone gave pretty good reviews! 
I ordered hot coffee at first because I completely forgot that i wanted to try the brandy coffee milk punch! One of my favorites! So I just had both hot and cold coffee! I loved the fact that they use just regular random coffee cups ... nothing matches . Well, except for a few which are saved for couples so they may have similar cups . How cute is that!!!!? 
I ordered the biscuit and gravy , their specialty potatoes ... tumbled home fries are awesome! I ordered a lot and the waiter told me it would be too much to eat but I didn't mind as I love leftovers! 
I plan to return to try more dishes! A lovely diner like restaurant in the Marigny area!!!