This is the best Popeyes I've ever had ! My chicken tenders were freshly and crispy my mashed potatoes were on point ! And a hot biscuit ! Oh and the sweet tea !When I was staying in the French Quarter eating everything in sight, I found out mid stay that the original location for Popeyes was just a few blocks away. My eating schedule was already jammed packed but I somehow made a little room for this spot.
How could I not? It's like being in Seattle Washington and not trying out the original Starbucks despite being mere steps away.
Unlike the original Starbucks that started it all though which kept it's original historic decor and logo, this place have disappointingly modernized the interior and would not look out of place at any other location in the US. There is no sense of history in it.
Despite that, I read through multiple reviews that Popeye's taste different and even better than what is to be found elsewhere in the US because of the difference in spice that they use.
This I found to be true although for me it wasn't as big a difference as I had assumed.  Seems more tender and moist than my last few experience with the chain too. Would I go out of my way to eat here if I knew and was further away? Nope. Lucky I didn't have to. I would rate the flavor only slightly above what I would rate a regular Popeyes. A 3.5 instead of 3 
The ordering system at this location is bizarre. They have two separate lines for taking the order at the back. Then you go on another line further down to pay at a register. Then if you want condiments or take it out, you have to take it to the center of the restaurant much further away so they could do those things for you.
And I have never used ghetto on a review thus far so this would be my first. Some of the people, including the management acts kind of ghetto. Just being on line  once I have already seen the person taking the order being rude and disrespecting the person in front of me. Then I saw said person be sent to the back because she was being rude to both the customer and the manager. Then when the manager took over the ordering when I was next, she made this comment when I ordered a spicy chicken instead of the regular one. "Well, we are closed so we don't have any more spicey chickens." Then stared at me. I was ok not having spicey since I did get there near closing time but it was strange to have attitude thrown my way for innocently ordering something I didn't know they ran out of.  While eating, I had also seen the workers gathering and just joking with each other about some of the events that just happen, not caring who is within earshot. 
I took no point out for that but I assume some of the people coming here might want to be forewarned of this just in case.
Now I could scratch off going to the original Popeyes off my bucket list. Not that it was ever on itI was immediately turned off by the pungent smell of must. I got my food and sat in the front of the restaurant. The smell was extremely overwhelming. Two homeless men walked in, one was counting his dirty coins on the table where people eat. The other homeless man started to loudly threaten the man counting coins, saying things like "I'll f***ing shank you" and "I'll cut you're motherf***ing head off". None of the employees attempted to de-escalate the situation. It was very off putting and I was surprised that people can just solicit in public restaurants. The food was pretty good, but the overall atmosphere and situation made me lose my appetite. If you ever find yourself visiting this location, get your food TO GO.We have eaten Popeyes plenty of times locally in our area. But was told by the locals that we have to try here in New Orleans it's not the same anywhere else. We ordered the 8 piece family meal spicy dark meat with a side of red beans and rice. 
Truth be told the only difference is the batter is lighter and there is a little more seasoning but it's not much of a difference. The red beans and rice taste the same. 
We were disappointed expected a huge difference but overall we love Popeyes so at least we still get to eat it back home.Stayed at the marriot right next to the Popeyes. We were craving fried chicken so my gf and I decided let's try this one since we are in Nola!
Worst idea ever.. The employees were rude right off the bat. One of the employees had her back turned to us while we were giving her our order. In the middle of taking our order she let someone she knew cut in front and took care of her first. We said something & she gave us an attitude. I guess since we are tourist I guess she thought it was okay to treat us like that?
We finally received our order I realized she left one piece of chicken on a 3pc order... Instead of having to deal with her we just paid and left.
Got to the hotel and 1 out of the 2 pieces I got was absolutely gross! Couldn't even eat it... 
When I return to NOLA I will make an extra effort to avoid that Popeyes.
Literally the worst experience I've had while I stayed there.One of the first places we visited on our trip to New Orleans. Walking distance from majority of downtown hotels is a plus. New Orleans natives Were right, the chicken is different from the one outside Louisiana. More fresh and seasoned. Very friendly staff as well. The facility was bigger than we had expected too. Except for the consistent harassment from the homeless populates the food was A1.I love this popeyes.  The chicken is always fresh and crispy,  the sides are never cold,  and they always have some funny characters inside. Unlike the canal street McDonald's,  popeyes is not over run with bums and drug addicts. You literally can forget you're on Canal once you step in because it just feels real New Orleans. Everybody is laid back and they don't great you all sweet like other places catering to tourists lol just regular customer service and I like that.Popeye's Chicken, good food always bad service.
Wanted a dinner for 1 but only family packs listed.
Had to ask prices and what came with the meal.
So my meal was to $8.63 for 4 pieces and 1 side.
Or 10 pieces for $9.87 mixed Fried Chicken.
Went with just chicken, I was staying in condo to refrigerate and micro later.
So here's where it got weird or typical.
Manager comes up to talk to checkout girl, not important but I had to wait,why? 
I ordered anyway.
They were low on spicy chicken, so the girl pulled 4 pieces mild out if 10 and when I saw her do it, told her she looked at me and blatantly lied to say it was spicy.
I was getting to go so she knew I could not check.
Paid and knew I was screwed, I mean how do you check there.
Wanted a bag, had to go to bagging station for bag. Next to bagging station gentleman was digging in trash for chicken for his dog? Yuck.
No word from employees.
Dirty, unorganized, messy, odd procedures. Chicken was good but never eat there and here I will pass in future.
Always shocked when a place is busy and crappy but this place was not busy but was crappy.While everywhere else was overly packed for FQF this past Sunday. My party of 6 decided to eat at Popeyes on Canal and when I tell you that was THE BEST Popeyes I had in my entire life, I'm not even kidding. They exceeded my expectations. They were fresh, fast and friendly. We usually end up eating at the tasty yet trendy places after we've also waited in very long lines all day for the festival food but this was the best decision to end our festival festivities. Thank you Popeyes on Canal!Popeyes- fast food fried chicken. Seeing that Popeyes originated from Louisiana, we thought that it would taste better than Popeyes in other states. 
This Popeyes has a dirty restroom, has slow service, a broken window and the spicy fried chicken did not taste spicy. The fried chicken was edible but not great. 
The 8 piece order was ordered with dark meat and sauces. We got requested 3 sauces, the server threw in one. The dark meat was correct. 4 pieces were to be spicy. None of the chicken pieces were spicy.
Avoid.Clean facility, friendly helpful staff and food came out hot,crispy and delicious. Great location!My friends & I wanted an easy quick lunch so we decided to eat here while visiting NOLA this past wknd.
I had the Chicken strips meal with mash potatoes , biscuit  & a drink...love these chicken strips nice & juicy,  good mash potatoes & very tasty biscuit . 
My friends went with the Chicken Po-Boy meals with fries...great sandwich good fries.
Not much to say about the decor nice & clean fast service. U Can't beat good food at very decent prices.It's Popeyes chicken, one if my favorite QSR foods. But the overall service was poor, with negative and unhappy people preparing your food.Hands down the best food, best service, and best price of all these restaurants in town. And that's a shame for NOLA.What can I say? I'm totally crazy for fried chicken--it's one of the few fast foods that I'll actually seek out. And I had to try Popeyes where it all began. I took full advantage of the Canal Street location's late night hours and got myself some spicy dark meat pieces, biscuits, and some cheesecake. The chicken was amazing--salty, hot/spicy, crispy, juicy, and delicious. Biscuits were saltier than I remembered, but I polished off two before I could blink. The cheesecake was forgettable--I got it for my cheesecake-loving wife, but I should have known better. I've had my fix!Thought I was gonna get a spectacular surprise, sizzling chicken skin... Pretty good though. Cold fries. When it comes to high and consistent standards, that buttery biscuit is a wham bam home run! The line is v confusing to order- the staff are wonderfulSo basically. It's popeyes and after a night of drinking the girls and I ventured off to get a late night snack. The lines were moving quick but there was a process to order and receive food. I ordered the spicy chicken and this was without a doubt spicier than in ohter locations. The mash were typical creamy mash potatos and the string beans taste canned. The food did exactly what it needed to do. Allow me to drink more. Don't judge me!Sure it's franchise chicken, and you can most likely get it from home, but if you are a fan, stop by so you can say you had Popeye's on Canal St in New Orleans. Good to have if you are like me and not a fan of many types of food. I was able to dine in the cultural hot spots and then appease myself in between with some good ole reliable Popeye's. This one is packed because of it's location right on Canal St, especially during big events like Essence and Mardi Gras. Plus there were coupons on the back of our receipts and we got an entire meal for $2. Yum!Everything here its the same as all other Popeyes locations. Except with the ordering process.  Its a three step (or four step?) Process. Order at the first  counter. Then pay and receive food and drink at the second counter. And at the third counter receive napkins,condiments and and utensils. Best mash potato and gravy I had in this food chain. Everything else was the same. Was not as "fast" as I expected.I wanted and needed some fried chicken!  After a disappointing round trip cab ride to Willie Mae's Scotch House because they were closed - I was desperate for fried chicken.  Where do I go?  The trusted Popeye of course.  Seriously, it is a crime to not eat at Popeye when you are in NOLA if you like fried chicken.
Anyway, we got 2 pieces of spicy chicken (wing and breast) and a sweet tea and it was SO satisfying.  It was hot and crispy.  The meat was tender and juicy - I don't like white meat and I liked it!
They do sell the sweet tea by the gallon but I have no place for it in the hotel and cannot bring it past security at the airport - bummer!
Until the next time.Wed lunch
Wanted fried chicken from 'the institution'. This is one opened after the storm. Was amazed they have made an efficient fast version of the usual store that I could take a nap in when I lived here waiting for service!
And the quality stayed the same. Got good fried chicken and red beans and rice!  Feel like a native again.I don't eat a ton of fast food, but this has become my go-to place to get a quick (and reasonably priced) bite to eat before a movie at the Theatres at Canal Place.  I hadn't bene to a Popeye's before this one and I'm not sure if the ordering setup is standardized for all stores or unique to this one (you order like counter service at a cafeteria).  I also think the napkin/sauce station is a bit funny (and seems overkill to have it staffed full-time).God is real. Journey down to the heart of Louisiana to enjoy this Mecca of a Louisiana kitchen. Yo C Baby, I am now speaking directly to you. They got drum legs for days. The breasts belong in the busty category and the tenders got that water. C, I will personally drive you down here just to get a plate. This is the pinnacle of life. Strong rec from the team.Craving chicken before ending our trip to New Orleans. This place does not disappoint! Fast service, friendly, and good food.Something about Popeye's made IN Louisiana. I don't know WHAT it is, but it's fantastic.  Grabbed us some food before heading back to our room, ate and promptly fell asleep. That wasn't even our intention! Definitely a must, especially if you have a Popeye's at your home state.The ordering is a laid out different, I eat here when I am in town and I love it.
Parking can be difficult but its worth it, always seem to have plenty and tea is great as well!I needed some quick, authentic New Orleans food, and rumor has it, the best red beans and rice in the city.  Well, it's hard to go wrong with a pound of lard in everything.  Topping McDonald's, one meal provides enough calories for a day and a half.  Lard, I mean, Popeye's still provides the 2 and 3 piece meal with a side and biscuit just like I remember.  The skin is the best part, but isn't always?  Luckily, I didn't get sick after consuming so much fat in one sitting as has happened in the past.  The butter on the bird was that the LSU game was on.  In a spring training game, LSU was playing LSU (purple vs white).  Where's the gold?  It's always nice to see the hometown team win.  Unfortunately, they also lost.  Good times.The "SPICY" chicken (regular pieces & tenders) is super awesome and satisfying. It has a nice robust and full flavor without being overly zesty. I prefer it over the mild version of the chicken which is just basic chicken and basic flavor. When you eat here ignore the mild and go spicy- you'll be glad you did- it's Mardi Gras in your mouth at any time of the year, carnival time or not!!!!!! You best get on in here and: "Love dat chicken!!!"Sooooooo, we were just disappointed by Willies and needed a reprieve. Of course Popeyes can make your entire life feel better. This one did. Thanks Popeyes for filling our souls with what we needed...good ol regular fried chicken.DO NOT EAT HERE. Horrible experience, we came here like many tourists to enjoy a food which originated in New Orleans only to leave with pure disappointment. Not being from the area it was quite confusing as to where to order or where to cash out. The workers were absolutely rude. If you do not already know what you want then you better eat elsewhere because making them wait even a second seems to agitate them. We kept saying that we needed our food in to go bags and it was after saying it three time to the "servers" and once to the cashier that we were told it was bagged somewhere else. A waste of time if you ask me. I think the only good thing was the fact that they didn't charge us for the extra pieces of chicken we bought so...karma is a you know what.Love that chicken. Staff was friendly and service was fast. They got a good crew there now. Cudos  to the management.Mmmmmm,  just mmmmmm!!!!! For fast food this place rocks!!!!!! Get the spicy chicken with red beans and rice. ........you will NOT be disappointed!!!!!Popeyes originated in Louisiana... and when in Louisiana, you have to get some Popeyes! This location is conveniently located on Canal Street which is amazing because drunchies.
Their 2-3 piece meals are enough to feed 1 person. They move really fast too and there's an area where you can grab condiments and to-go bags.Saw this as we were walking around the French Quarter and I knew I had to get me some Popeyes while in NOLA!
Walked in and it was an incredibly awkward setup!! In the middle of the restaurant, there's a counter but that's not where you order. You walk further to the end where there are barriers that split into two lines where you can order on either side. There wasn't a menu posted - guess you just know when you come here? Ordered some fries, chicken and biscuits. Nothing to crazy as they were pretty much closing. The lady at the counter was really sweet and directed us to the awkward middle counter to get our food packed up to go. It took wayyy longer than it should have but I was very happy with my order. 
Don't know how they're frying things down in the south but I've concluded its magical! I have never had Popeyes THIS GOOD. The skin was just super crispy and packed with that delish Popeyes flavor and the biscuit was super good too (not as good as Willies but better than the ones we get in LA). So glad I decided to get a little extra because I gobbled it all up. I actually was thinking of coming back for more but knew I had to save room for other places to eat in NOLA. Whenever people ask me about NOLA though, I definitely tell them to stop into Popeyes because damnnn!!The best Popeyes I've had in life! It was made with a grandmother's love. Usually the biscuits are dry (I still love them) but these here biscuits were moist & buttery. The customer service and New Orleans accents topped it off!Whether it be in New Orleans or Dallas, Texas, Popeye's is the greatest!  Al Copland (may he rest in piece) created a wonderful array of food and down home service which will always be in my memory living in New Orleans and now in Dallas, Tx (courtesy of Katrina)...The food is always the BEST, the employees always REAL....and appreciated the courtesy drink if the food order takes a little longer....Way to run a business...and happy to hear about Burger King and Popeye's becoming a couple...Two of my favorites!!!! God Bless!For being so close to Bourbon St, this facility is pretty darn clean.  They do their best to keep the riff raff out and it even smells better than most of the fancier restaurants in the area! If you dont think that is an important detail, you probably have not been to NOLA! 
The chicken is fried to perfection and the spicy option here is much better than in OKC.  The rating would have been a solid four had the corn on the cob not been totally dried out with no butter available!  Really? You have corn but no butter? I feel like I am taking crazy pills!
Anyway, we will always stop here at least once on our trips to NOLA, I just will not get the corn next time..... maybe fries or red beans and rice.  My wife loves the red beans and rice "for a fast food place" as she says it.The food tasted good. But the paying system is very inefficient. I don't like the fact that if I want a food to go I have to speak to 4 people before I can get a to go. Popeyes in Louisiana should have taste better since that's the original placeBest Popeyes I've been to. I'm from Baton Rouge, they could really learn from this location. Quality and service is amazing !Chicken wings were tasty, but they were extremely small almost laughable. I didn't like their system of paying then walking open food to another counter to get a bag. They have a person bagging your food and giving condiments.  You see the same person emptying the garbage and putting his hands down his pants to rearrange his self. REALLY!!! Why can't I pay and get my food ready so I can leave. How much longer would that take.Thank you for letting me use your restroom on New Year's Eve without asking me to buy something first!  If you go to New Orleans on New Years Eve and the next day is the Sugar Bowl expect a lot of people and no bathrooms anywhere.  Every bar and restaurant has a bouncer out front making sure you're gonna buy a drink or something before you can use their facilities, which I understand, but the city itself doesn't provide any portable toilets or any acceptable way for you dispose of your waste either, leading to a nightmare bathroom situation for about 50,000+ people!  This Popeye's stayed open and didn't have a bouncer/bathroom guard ready to turn your full bladder away, just a decent three person bathroom.  I was only visiting New Orleans so I don't know the nuances of defecting in the streets or bars, but damn, get some port-o-potties on the north/south streets or something?  Screw you McDonalds on Canal st. shutting your doors at 9 pm?  What was that?  Cops were even guarding the doors?  For Bathrooms!  Thank you again Popeye's!  I'll be frequenting your franchises in Phoenix regularly.  Greenway and 35th what what!The hype is real. It really does taste better in Louisiana than any other state. It wasn't as greasy and the dark meat taste like white meat... lol it's just different.Service was faster than the usual during the day time.  It's unclear where you go to get your extra sauce, utensils, etc. because of the odd set up.  I think the quality is the same as the other Popeye's I've been to...it's a franchise and there's quality control for a reason.  I like enjoyed the meal regardless, but if you're a tourist wondering if Popeye's is really better out here, maybe try it for your own sake.  I personally couldn't tell the difference, and preferred Willie's.  Fun to go here just to say you did.A few NOLA words about Popeyes!  http://nolavie.com/2013/01/love-nola-to-popeyes-or-not-to-popeyes-50639.htmlFirst time trying Popeyes, and was very pleased!  Got the Louisiana Trio 3 piece special on at the time.  Ordered spicy chicken, it came with a biscuit.  Also got small sides of green beans, mashed potatoes, and red beans & rice.  
Chicken had a slow spicy kick, flavorful batter, tender meat.  Green beans benefited from a packet of Cajun Sparkle seasoning.  Mashed potatoes and red beans & rice were both great as served.
Agree with some other reviews on the oddness of the ordering, paying, and packing to-go order process.  If that's the worst part of my experience, then it's not really that bad.  As long as the food's good, that's what matters most!The food is ok like most Popeyes the service sucks.The lobby people really?There is the beauty queen with her fake hair who thinks she is to pretty to work at popeyes lol .The other lobby guy responds to a thank you as uhuh .The manager seems like a manager her employees under her nose are doing their job.The ones out of sight are differentso i went in at about 9:55pm...they close at ten...door was unlocked...got half way to the register and a male employee grabbed me stating they were closed and weren't going to serve me. haven't been back since. contacted upper level management and asked for a call back...never received it. guess it wasn't important.Love this Popeyes because it's close to where I work. I get an hour for my lunch break and come pretty often. I'm a local and I always know what I want when I get there and it doesn't surprise me when they charge extra for more or different sauces. That's the way it is. I always offer a "hey babe" or "hey honey" when approaching with my smile. Because that's how we are in Nola. I've never had any issues with the staff or the length of time to receive my order. I could get immediately get my order or have to wait like 5 mins. Then the baggage area takes another second but that takes time from having to do it at the counter and is a bit more personable. I've always been content at this location.
Maybe it's because I work in the area. Maybe it's because I'm nice to the staff before they get the chance to acknowledge me first. But that's how I roll. I'll continue to frequent this spot whenever I can. Good food and good people.First time visiting New Orleans and first time eating Popeyes. This was quite possibly the worst service I have ever received. First they had run out of bread, so couldn't get a poboy.. next when we went to pay, one girl asked the other to do the drinks and she basically said she is not doing it. She started playing around and threw a cup at the other. The girl at the register was distracted by this and took a bit for us to pay. She also had a friend talking to her that did not work there distracting her which took longer. When we finally paid the friend of the girl at register took the little space we had to walk through and didn't care to move, my food almost fell to the ground trying to get around her. We ate there and all I saw was playing around by the staff and seems like friends coming over. It was also at night and didn't really feel safe in the restaurant! Oh and the chicken didn't taste good to me. Overall bad experience!What a joke! Most unorganized Popeye's in America. Four watching the NBA Finals while they have a line out the door.I was extremely excited to visit a Popeye's located in New Orleans. I was expecting a variety of different menu choices from my local Popeyes in D.C. The menu is exactly the same! Please save your time and money. Try researching and visiting a authentic local eatery.Don't come here close to closing!!  No choice in chicken pieces and what's left is cold!!  Nasty!  Come to New Orleans often but not Popeyes again!!!Small portions. Little flavor. I'm giving it 4 stars because of the service. It's good to see managers directing crowded lines, speaking to everyone and cleaning up. Since it was Essence week, it made a difference in the wait time.We went here because it was rumored to be the original Popeye's location.  Got to the restaurant and realized it had been remodeled and majorly updated.  Fairly clean and very new interior, the line wasn't very long for a Saturday evening.
Everyone in our party said that the chicken definitely had a different/better spice and flavor.  Biscuits were (as usual) very flakey and buttery.  Even the fried shrimp tackle-box was decent.  
The major issue with this location are the employees.  There were several employees walking the floor, "helping customers".  In reality, the three of them were standing around gossiping and dropping f-bombs throughout their conversation.  I went to the condiment stand (where they were hanging out) to get ketchup and honey and was told to go to the front counter.
This location is on Canal St so lots of foot traffic and people watching (insert reference to drunkards from Bourbon St. here...)  We did go here for the experience so my expectations were pretty low walking in.  Walking out, I'd say my expectations were about right.Friendly staff and really fast service. The fried chicken is delicious just like it is at any Popeye's. This beats KFC every day of the week. Give it a try. 3 piece dinner is just the right amount for 1 hungry guy.Wooohoooo! Great chicken, great service and the place is packed! Can't wait to dig in!!!Ghetto ass employees....
Jacked up our order along with about 3 other peoples...made racial comments about "us all looking the same" and tried to get Jerry Springer versus focusing on customer service.  I'm almost positive all of them ride the same short yellow bus to work everyday..
If you do go - bring a grenade and pull the pin when you walk in. The country would be better without idiots like this breathing up our air ....
Thanks!Everywhere is crowded here.  Being alone, just looking for something easy other than pizza.  Not a big fan of battered fried food (greasy), but Popeyes Chicken, that's still fine for me if I only take once in a year.  All franchised should have the same taste if they follow instructions.  Perhaps cajun might be a little different.  To me, they taste just the same.  Then I was looking for service when going to franchise places.
I thought my English was no good that the staff couldn't understand me.  I asked 3 times before someone response to my order.  After payment, I asked for a bag to carry out, there was no response at all.  I just need to ask if they speak English?  Hahaha!
As Jeanna N. said, I don't care.  Just got my food and leave.
Everyone look tired with no smile.  Perhaps they all need a vacation like most tourists visiting New Orleans.Can't ever come to NOLA and leave without stopping by Popeye's on Canal! This is good for lunch, but much better at night after several cocktails! We have Popeyes back home, but it doesn't have same taste of authenticity that this location does! Don't cheat yourself; treat yourself and stop by here when in NOLA!Okay was in NOLA for a visit, I had to see if there was a difference from NOLA Popeye's 
To New York's was it? It's sure was NOLA Popeye's tasted so much better than NY's own. That I went there twice while in NOLA.
It puts NY's Popeye's to shame. As good as it tasted in NOLA , it should be that way at every Popeyes.I have never written a yelp review before but this place deserves to be my first one star review. They act like anything you say or ask for is such an inconvenience to them. Very rude and makes you feel very uncomfortable and unwelcome. Awful attitude from the workers and act like they don't want to be there. Food was fine but experience ruined it for me.So this is how a Popeye's should be! We came in the day before the Essence Festival and I guess everybody came in too! It was PACKED! That said, they handled it really well. Several managers working the floor, the registers and the kitchen. That's what I'm talking about! They had a nice assembly line going, which kept everyone moving. The service was really good and every single person I came into contact with was friendly. The chicken was yum, of course. I tasted the difference between this Popeye's and all the others. You can tell this is the original. The decor is modern and the place is very clean. I would recommend!I came to New Orleans to try New Orleans popeyes.. to me, it tastes the same as if I was in NY :) LOVED finding out that there's consistency in my chicken!Yes I am doing a review on a fast food joint!!!! This was the best Popeyes I ever had! Damn! 
We ate here most nights because the concerts we attended were ending at like 2 am.  This was a well oiled machine! Long, long lines that moved soooooo quickly.  One stop you order what you want, you take the chicken to check out, you go to check out and then you go to aI don't know why I'm still keep going there. The one and only horrible experience in a food place that I ever had in New Orleans.Every week use to stop and eat some great chicken. Driving a 100 miles would stop at different locations. Now seem like all have gone the way of poor chicken from no seasoning to poor quality made my last stop. Use to be best now about 50% U will get a poor meal.An interesting place. No drive thru!
Some old tech but pretty good & quick. I've been to better & FAR worse Popeye's.Popeyes in Colorado tastes better.  If you are looking for a quick bite to eat and there is nothing else open this might be something to look at, but there are so many better places in New Orleans.  Staff weren't all that friendly and the restaurant setup makes you feel like cattle moving through  chutes.Okay, don't laugh.....but I did go to Popeye's for some chicken! I heard that the Popeyes in New Orleans is better than all the other Popeyes Franchises. I mean it originated in Louisiana.
The location was kinda ghetto especially being on Canal Street, but the food was what I expected. I probably could have gone to any Popeyes location to get the same kind of chicken, mashed potatoes, etc.....but I just never been to the one in New Orleans. 
What bothered me was that there were people that could have helped me out, but was too busy talking about their weave. The manager quickly put them in check and they helped me out. What I found unusual was that they put my food on a tray when I explicitly told them that I wanted my food to go. 
They have a separate section where a person bags your food to go. This was so hillarious and such an inefficient use of the workers. In fact, I think they probably have too many people working in that establishment. I would recommend that you take your food to go.....at least the food was good. It is conveniently located around all the major hotels on Canal Street. The verdict, the food tastes the same as the other franchises.I'm impressed by the service here; it's an assembly line set-up here. You order first, then get your food and then pay at separate stations so you just don't wait for anything at all. It's large, spacious and clean and you're in and out. The food tastes fresh. What else can you ask for in a fast food establishment?Service wasn't that great but I DONUT CARE. The food is heaven!!!!!! 
Popeyes shouldn't be allowed anywhere other than here in Louisiana. The chicken, biscuits, sides, shoot the entire menu at this Popeyes can't TOUCH the ones in Cali.
The chicken is juicy, the biscuits are moist and buttery, the rice and beans are smokey deliciousness, the Cajun fries are the best fries I've ever had. 
I feel sorry for anyone who hasn't been to a Popeyes in Louisiana. It's the shizz. If I could bring 1 thing home to California with me it would be this meal. It's a must.I won't be back.  Went through drive thru a few weeks ago on Saturday and it took forever and it was the hottest part of the day in July. So many times I just wanted to drive off and go to another location but my girlfriend insisted I wait.  I did.  At the window the employees uttered and snapped and didnt like being questioned.  We did end up  driving off without our drink.  I was just glad to get out of that situation.   I am glad for the experience and will never return to that location again.Like many of the other reviews have said, the staff at this particular location doesn't understand that the customer always comes first. I live nearby, so I eat here a couple times a month. The staff can sometimes be very nice and friendly, but that's more to do with dumb luck and good timing. Show up on the wrong day like I must have and get served a plate of attitude with a large side of rudeness. They were out of mild tenders when it was my turn to order.  And, I guess she didn't feel like being questioned by me, as to how long until the next batch of tenders would be ready. Bc she mumbled something under her breath, which I couldn't hear. So I said, "What? I didn't catch that." Then she snapped at me, "I said 5 minutes!"  I looked at her, thought about how no fired chicken is worth being snapped at just bc she's having a bad day. So, I told her never mind and left the bldg. I've been back twice since that day. The ordering and paying is setup a little differently. But it's ok once you let go and move with the flow. The only remaining issue are the dining room chairs, which are THE WORST!! Cheap with hollow metal legs on a stone tile floor. It'd be kind of ok IF people picked up their chair to pull it out and sit on. But, EVERYONE drags them which makes a god awful sound. I leave there with a migraine almost every time. Solution: tiny round pads that stick to the bottom of each chair leg. OR ALL NEW CHAIRS made of wood instead of hollow metal. Until then, get your food to go.Usually you can't go wrong with Popeyes except when they get your order incorrect, but all in all the food was good, temperature was decently warm.I heard that Popeyes here is different and better than in CA so I figured I'd have to make a stop. I was thoroughly disappointed. The spicy wasn't spicy at all and it wasn't as flavorful as Popeyes in CA. 
I came here at about 12:15pm and there were about 8 parties ahead in line. Right when I came into the line the lady customer that was front of me kept complaining non stop about how long the line is and why it's taking so long. She was just talking out loud saying she's on her break etc. She also said she used to work here. How do you not expect a wait when the location is on a busy street, at the lunch peak time and when you used to work here? Ridiculous. It seemed like some of the staff knew her as a regular since she had asked her if she wanted a strawberry drink while she was waiting. 
Since I had plenty of time waiting patiently (about 15 min), I already knew what I wanted before I got to the order station which is how it should be. The lady asked what I wanted to order and I said 8 pieces half spicy Half mild. I see that they have two separate bins of chicken, one for spicy and one for mild. When I saw that the lady got 5 mild and was reaching for a 6th piece, I said again to the lady, half spicy half mild. She turned around with a fit and started grabbing the extra mild chickens she had grabbed for my box and started putting it back into the mild container really hard and did the same when grabbing the spicy chicken pieces. What a child like attitude! It's not my fault you didn't hear clearly when I said initially placed my order. I'm sorry I didn't say "half half" In your terminology (found this out when paying for the order) since this is my first time here. That lady need better service etiquette especially when this location caters to many tourists. I didn't generalize it to the rest of the staff because the cashier and the lady that bagged my chicken to go was pleasant to deal with.Highly disappointed. Word was this location was the original. If so, sure didn't live up to it. Epic fail.  Not going to expand.  Other than that, the location is banging.  Perfect sober up location spot in between warehouse district and the quarter..  
Grade: CFast service - easy in and out.  Spacious seating.
Smelled bad in here near the entrance ... not appetizing! I kept hearing the Popeyes restaurants here were "better", but it was pretty standard for me.  Pretty disappointing.This is an amazingly well run Popeyes. Everything was hot & fresh and my order was ready by the time I'd finished paying! Wow!I've never been a fan of Popeyes. I thought it was because I've never had it in Louisiana, just in other states. Nope. It's just not that good. 
We did a fried chicken challenge in NOLA. I would still rank Popeyes as my least favorite. The breading lacks flavor and easily crumbles away. The skin is so rubbery, you can chew on it for hours and it just won't go away. The chicken itself is a bit dry.  The biscuits were dry too. 
What's horrible about this place is that the condiments to make the chicken and biscuits better are guarded by an employee. There is a separate location in the seating area, away from the cafeteria style line, where a guy sits behind a desk protecting the condiments as if each packet were a wad of bills. What a hassle to get honey and hot sauce.the popeyes on canal in nola has the most rude and disrespectful employees on the planet earth. 
mind you i am sitting here in the venue as i type this. 
watched employee treat out of town vistors with accents as if they were uneducated  because they didnt know the "popeyes" ordering system work. 
jammie at the register has an attitude and should be fired or taken back to train on customer service. put her in the stock roomThis Popeyes has very fresh food, and I totally appreciate that! We ordered a 10pc family meal, so it did take a little while to complete, but's that's to be expected for a large order. 
The employees were decent although not super hospitable. 
Overall, however, this was a good experience and I recommend anyone to check it out if you're in need of a quick meal.Came here for a quick lunch before heading out to the swamp tours. After checking in, I started getting comments why the heck was I eating at a Popeye's in NOLA when I have the good stuff all over the place. Standing in line was a bit confusing. Ordered our food and wasn't sure if they were going to call out our names or our order because no one took our names or saw a number on our receipt. Overall, this Popeye's is just like any other Popeye's especially in California.The food was good and we needed something cheap and on the go. But the hosts could have cared less about us. I don't think they really like their job or the customers.  This is not a big deal because it is fast food, but we had to go back to get sauces because they didn't tell us or ask us what we wanted. I kind of felt bad for them and knew that they didn't want to be there. It was hard not to take it personally but we did in the end.I don't normally leave reviews but this is the worst Popeyes with the worst staff I have ever seen. Went around dinner time and was told to pull forward and they would bring our food out about 15 min later the guy come out to bring us our food while taking on his cell phone, we got some of our food but they forgot the other half so he goes back in. I can see that the rest of our food was on the counter and sat there for about another 6 minutes we finally saw another employee grab our food to bring it out guess she was taking a smoke break and had to put her coat on but the worst part was she lit her cigarette with our food in her hand which was disgusting, she even pulled the let me put my cig in my other hand to give me the food. Disgusting I will go to any Popeyes but this one. Only trash works here. I have never seen something this bad from
A fast food restaurant and I know they are all pretty poorly run, but this was a whole new level.Fare warning... if your looking for any sort of human interaction or smiles or "Hi how are you? Welcome to Popeyes" you won't get that. You'll get some chicken though! Also be sure not to ask questions as you're already pissing whoever's working off by wanting the food there. By being there and making them work. I'm sorry I came by! Didn't mean to stress anyone out by ordering for my roommate... won't happen againSo it's Popeyes! The chicken is excellent, especially that Chicken sandwich. I grew up on Popeyes, mostly at Mardi Gras. I don't remember the service ever being excellent but at this Popeyes, it's especially lacking. Mostly in the time factor. If you're picking up here, bring a book or maybe schedule a zoom call. They average about 10min per customer. So don't expect to get out in less than 40min and if the line is long, which it usually is, you can bump that up to an hour or so. I've observed more people giving up and fleeing the line than actually making it through. It's like a game of survivor!!
Up side? The food is hot and fresh. Just make sure you got what you ordered before you drive off.Me and my neighbor went to  Popeyes restaurant about a month ago here in Birmingham,Alabama and got so sick after eating here few months later. I had a taste for some popeyes which was a couple days ago 2/18/19 after eating here I got so sick came down with bad food poisoning a few hours after eating here at this restaurant.This is my second time getting sick after eating at this popeyes on center point parkway.Went to the doctor today 2/21/2019 found out that I do have poisoning  and will be my last time eating here.I'm still sick from eating here. I will not be coming back to this restauranThis is a great restaurant. The lobby was clean, the food was hot and fresh in a timely manner. The employees made sure everything was organized. I will definitely visit whenever I am in town.Best  Chicken sandwich ever... hands down. I could eat several of these at one sitting but limit my self to one due to their irresistible combination of crispy chicken filet, pickle, sauce and honey bunFuck this place! Slow as shit, rude workers, and half the employees are standing around doing nothing. Mashed potatoes ain't got shit on KFC and I grew a beard waiting for it. "Louisiana fast" my ass.Like many of the other reviews have said, the staff at this particular location doesn't understand that the customer always comes first. I live nearby, so I eat here a couple times a month. The staff can sometimes be very nice and friendly, but that's more to do with dumb luck and good timing. Show up on the wrong day like I often do and you'll get served a plate of attitude with a large side of rudeness. They were out of mild tenders when it was my turn to order.  And, I guess she didn't feel like being questioned by me, as to how long until the next batch of tenders would be ready. Bc she mumbled something under her breath, which I couldn't hear. So I said, "What? I didn't catch that." Then she snapped at me, "I said 5 minutes!"  I looked at her, thought about how no fried chicken is worth being snapped at just bc she's having a bad day. So, I told her never mind and left. I've been back twice since that day. The ordering and paying is setup a little differently than anywhere else. But it's ok once you let go and move with the flow. 
DO NOT USE THE RESTROOMS bc every homeless person in the city uses them and nobody cleans them until closing time. 
The only remaining issue are the dining room chairs, which are THE WORST!!  Cheap with hollow metal legs on a stone tile floor. It'd be kind of ok IF people picked up their chair to pull it out and sit on. But, EVERYONE drags them which makes a god awful sound. I leave there with a migraine almost every time. Solution: tiny round pads that stick to the bottom of each chair leg. OR ALL NEW CHAIRS made of wood instead of hollow metal. Until then, get your food to go.Obviously Popeyes is a staple in New Orleans! This particular location, I had ordered the butterfly shrimp  and it wasn't ready so they told me to pull up to the side. I waited and waited and waited, probably almost 20 minutes!! The manager came out and asked what I got, I gave her my receipt and she refunded me and then they brought out my whole meal plus more! I was so upset but I didn't express how upset I was for waiting so long! Totally changed my mind! How nice this was and how nice the employees were that day.Ok so I had to see what all the hype was about ! Everyone has been talking about the spicy chicken sandwich! Seems there's a chicken sandwich war going on between Popeyes, KFC and Chick-Fil-a! 
If you've seen the commercials , you know what I mean ! 
Well I am here to tell you that it's worth the hype! 
It's a crunchy chicken breast perfectly seasoned as only they can at Popeyes! Absolutely get the spicy one too! It comes on a brioche bun with pickles and a special sauce! I ain't gonna lie... it's like a million calories ‍but so worth it! I'm hooked!Waited in the drive thru for 15 minutes.  One car in line in front of me.  Ordered a 4 piece with green beans.  Got all the way home and found out they gave me a 2 piece with mashed potatoes.  I'm pissed. This is some BS. Oh, I also got 11 ketchup packets.  Presumably the server likes ketchup with her mashed potatoes and assumed I also would like such a thing.Fine. This is my post-work, shame-spiral stop. I eat fried things and enjoy them, despite the constantly unfolding drama of this store.
Someone is always having a personal crisis in public. Someone is always flirting with someone else. Someone is always doing some drug that they probably shouldn't, but they are. It's just that kind of place. Last time I was here, I was in line behind a woman who hid her cat in the trash can because the manager told her she couldn't bring him in. The guy behind me was a well-dressed businessman picking up a $200 catering order. So really, you never know.
The food usually happens without mistakes. That's really all I care about. In general, Popeye's puts dill pickles in their coleslaw so they have a little something something tasty that other spots lack. But still, folks, shame spiral ahoy.
Accessibility notes: door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Order counter is low, but the drink counter is high. Seats of various heights exist throughout the store.It was an horrible experience from beginning to end.  My strips were awful and looking like a child fried  them. Annoyed for service seems to be the MO. Never go there!Hey, what's with the bad reviews??? Popeyes is legit! 
My go-to is the mild three piece meal with white meat and red beans & rice. It's a little fatty and a little too salty, but beside that I'm all in. The crust is perfection. If I've had better crust, it was only slightly better. The biscuits are buttery and delicious! I recently went to the drive-thru and it was lightning fast. The gal working the window was friendly and even engaged in a nice short convo re the weather. 
I can't wait to go back :)The cashier here is extremely rude. I placed my order and she repeated it back to me in a mocking manner exaggerating my Southern accent. I didn't say anything in response and then she muttered "white bitch" under her breath but loud enough so that not only I heard it but the woman fillings the orders heard it as well. SHE apologized for the cashier's rudeness and put an extra biscuit in with my order. I should have spoken up but I was so shocked that I was actually rendered speechless. I enjoy Popeye's food but I will never again eat there and subject myself to such treatment. I was polite and courteous the entire time and did nothing whatsoever to warrant such treatment.This is probably the worst Popeyes location I've ever visited! I pulled up to the drive-through speaker to order food and sat for more than five minutes. I had to literally call the store from my cell phone to let them know there were customers in line waiting to order. Finally ordered the spicy chicken sandwich and a small fry. The chicken filet was warm, and oddly there were two ice cold slices of pickle stuck to the outside bottom of the bun. Additionally, the fries were tepid, and the bag half filled. I asked the young lady at the window if this was the standard amount for a small fry and she said yes. Also asked if there were hot fries available and she said no. Customer service is pathetic and so is the food. Save yourself some time and frustration and visit another location!This place should be closed. Wings were extremely small. Asked for mild and food was spicy . Worst Popeyes experience ever. Also whoever the employee was at the window was very rude. Didn't speak. Only said the total and closed the window. Very rude.This place is the absolute worst!!! Extremely slow, the credit card machine never works, and the workers always have attitudes!!! I only go there because it's close to work but I'd rather drive somewhere else.. This place is horrible, would NOT suggest going here!Unfriendly staff and flat soda.I have a love hate relationship with this Popeyes location.
One of the reasons why I love them: the food is always hot. My time with this particular Popeyes has been up and down. Sometimes I may receive the wrong order, but the food is always piping HOT! I love the fact that it's nice and fresh when I order. Whether it's the chicken or shrimp, always, ALWAYS fresh...
One of the reasons why I hate them: the long lines (inside and drive-thru). One time I waited about 20 mins in line. Yes, I could've gotten out of line, but I didn't want to lose my spot for hot chicken! 
Overall, this is one of the best Popeyes in the city to me. You will not be disappointed no matter how long the lines are.So slow that I have attempted to eat here twice in a row and left because I had to get back to work.There are few times I feel the need to write a review on a fast food establishment, but I just feel like this is necessary. I have never been in the drive thru here and not waited 20-30 minutes. Honestly I think this says more about me being okay with waiting in any line for 30 minutes. At the end of the day though, I've been to restaurants that send out 5 course meals in less than 30 minutes. So what's going on in here? If they're understaffed management needs to step in and help them. I just cannot for the life of me understand why I always have to wait 20+ minutes for food hereI normally don't come inside to get my food, but every time the rare chance appears that I'm actually standing in here, I'm always stuck with the most rude cashier ever! This girl at the register is not only rude to her guests, but she's even more rude to her coworkers. This Popeyes should have a better personality screening process for selecting who works here. The only person who kept this restaurant with 3 stars is Norman...what a nice and pleasant young man! Yral (the girl at the counter) could use a customer service class or several! Furthermore, I asked for Habanero Ranch sauce for my rip'n chicken and she acted like she couldn't find it. When I asked Norman for it, he went straight to it. This will be my last time visiting inside this location.This place is the worst; no lie.  I live near the location and I hate to go there, but it's too close not to consider.  Just left the place empty handed AGAIN!
I go there maybe 3-4 times a month for convenience because I work full time and go to school full time and I support a family of five.  Problem is, this place is no longer convenient.  It's a hassle, a disappointment and it's disgusting.  My family and I really enjoy Popeye's.  Been going since I was kid, but I'm done with this particular store and will find another location from now on.  It's best this store shuts down completely and they start over with new management and new help.
In the past 10 visits, one or more of the following have occurred:
9/10 times I wait 10-15 minutes for someone to take my order.  
3/10 times they get my order completely wrong; probably give me someone else's order.  5/10 times the chicken isn't ready and I have to wait 10 minutes for my order
1/10 times the chicken is cooked long enough; some items are raw.So I went to this location and they say they have no chicken, lol. All they serving is side's. How can you not have any chicken that's all you serve, lol.In 1987, Belinda Carlisle released the chart-topping single "Heaven is A Place on Earth." As a skeptic of artistic exaggeration, I have spent my entire life in ignorance believing her claim of a "heaven" on our terrestrial planet to be just a ruse. After visiting Popeye's on South Claiborne, I see that Belinda Carlisle was right.
 What can I say about Popeye's that hasn't been said by John Fitzgerald Kennedy about Marilyn Monroe's world famous vagina: a glorious spectacle beyond science and an always-giving blessing to mankind. Popeye's institution as a whole might be famous for their tender chicken and orgasmic biscuits, but this Popeye's should be famous for an additional factor: love. I love this Popeye's more than Forrest Gump loved Jenny. I love this Popeye's more than Quentin Tarantino loves violence. Hell, I love this Popeye's more than Popeye loves a good gentlemanly scrap. I would say that everyone who works here deserves to go to heaven but they already work there. 
 I recommend this establishment if you want a culinary experience tailored by charming cherubs disguised as angelic workers. If 5 stars is a depiction of perfect, I would give the Popeye's on South Claiborne a fucking Sagittarius number of stars. Fuck, this place is dope.I made a order... the girl on the speaker was rude and didn't get my order right.... the other young women at the window was rude also and actually was mad at me because she had the wrong order.. I did ask for one special specific thing ,,, no thighs... I know this can be done but always seems to be a problem and tonight was no different... I got thighs and I don't eat them ... so a 1/4 of my 12 piece is food I don't want and I had to deal with the most horrible attitude to get it... so sick of being treated like that at Popeyes.They are slow and not polite and I think they gave us spicy with a few mild mixed in when we asked for spicy. Oh and the line took almost an hour, which was the first issue. Thumbs down.This location is just awful. The poor manager had no control over his own front house staff on Mardi Gras day! He seemed like a frustrated dad with unruly teen girls overrunning him. 
I asked my cashier, Savannah, twice to give me fresh chicken strips. By fresh, I meant hot, not just cooked less than an hour ago. When I noticed that she never passed the message to the crew behind her, I reminded her. She responded with a very stale look on her face by saying okay and continued to take orders. When I received my order, the strips were cold. I took them to my hotel to warm them. This is absolutely ridiculous. I told the girl that prepared my order what had happened--the one that got on the managers nerves the most throughout my entire visit--she said to me "oh I didn't know. I haven't been up here long". She was preparing orders during my entire visit. Even though it was up to nonchalant Savannah to convey the message, her willingness to lie to deflect blame and take an "its not my fault" approach further disgusted me. 
I will not be back here next time I'm in N'Awlins. Hopefully, one day they find girls with good, can-do attitudes with smiles on their faces to work busy holidays in the future. The ones that work there now have bad "I don't care, it's too busy and I'm tired" attitudes. No one smiles, greets you, thanks you or apologizes about anything.Would give zero stars if possible. The line DOES NOT MOVE. More cars pull out of the line than go through. Even off hours at 3:00pm! 20 minutes and did not move up even one space.The food is always nice and hot. However, 20% of the time I get the wrong order thru the drive thru not sure why that is.  I asked for dark meat they give me white meat , or I ask for red beans and rice they give me mash potatoes. The more I emphasize on the order the more they get it wrong.
 I'm so over this location.Popeyes is delicious, but it is no longer cheap. If it were closer to home I would go more often. Love the extra spicy chicken and the red beans and rice.Poor customer service. Food cold. Ordered spicy chicken sandwich combo with fries. Added a side of red beans and a medium coke. I walk out of door fries are ice cold. So I come back after what took 12 minutes to get my order even though they had 10 managers, 4 shirted employees and they were doing a hiring fair or interview day. The whole time I'm in the store what appears to be the regional manager/area manager barking at the store manager about her signs were supposed to be put up Monday. He continues riding her and very loud too! I mean he was barking over everybody, standing in the path of the cashier to the back kitchen stopping everyone moving. Prior to this he was having a little meeting with the managers and barking at them. Look I lead very large teams every single day with a mountain of pressure on my shoulders to produce results but you will never get them with this guy leading the charge! No way! You are having a hiring fair and interviews to which two people walked out. I was there for a total of 18 minutes after getting new fries. The only thing and I mean the only thing getting two stars was for the store managers sweet voice and he trying to lead her team with an angry area regional manager on her back in front of everyone. Cross contamination issues as well with cashier wearing same gloves she just took my order with then scooping fries. The red beans were good like always. I love Popeyes. Today not this store and I more than likely will go a couple miles further to my normal store. This store is on my way home and I generally never stop here. Thought I'd give it another shot. Your most expensive customer is one that never returns. Remember that Popeyes because theirs a lot and I mean a lot of good fried chicken and red beans in New Orleans. This is where it all started for you. You gotta get it right especially in this town. Come on. You can do better. I feel bad for the people working under this man. I do exactly what he does and I would never never ever speak to my employees like that.  This is what my company calls a "coaching moment". Retrain him or cut him loose.Absolute worst Popeyes I've ever had the displeasure of ordering from. Every SINGLE time, five at least, I order delivery or in the store, the order is wrong. Even a blind squirrel finds a nut once in a while. A broke clock is right at least twice a day. But this place, this place takes the cake(surprised a cake hasn't ended up in my order yet.) Not to mention the staff and management act as if they are doing you a favor by fixing your order when you come back. Don't @ me. But I'm the one to blame. I'm the insane irrational one. I keep doing this to myself time and time again and expecting different results. Only to have beans instead of mash taters. Mardi Gras mustard instead of BBQ. A whole chicken missing. But never again. I will still enjoy that beautiful buttered biscuit, but not at this location. This location has caused me too much pain and suffrage. Instead I'll be taking my business to St Charles St where I see the ratings are worse than this one.Ah Popeyes..the only reason I went here was because it was late and there was nothing else around. Greeted by rude workers who messed up our order didn't make me regret the choice any less. The food was greasy and didn't feel fresh at all. Didn't expect much from here buuuut I expected at least edible food.Sometimes I just get a craving for Popeyes. This location is pretty standard, however one thing that has been annoying not only during this visit but also during past visits is how unprepared they are to take an order for blackened chicken tenders. 
Don't get me wrong, their fried chicken is good but I also like the blackened tenders and they are much lower on carbs. 
Anyway, when I ordered a blackened chicken combo, they looked at me and kind of sighed, like I just asked for a beef wellington to be delivered on a flying unicorn. 
During this visit I waited just over 15 minutes for my tenders and watched three people order and get their food before me. What's worse is when I asked about my order the cashier got nasty and cut me off mid sentence. Rude! Once I received my order I had to go back up and ask for the extra dipping sauce I requested and paid for because they failed to read the order. 
If a restaurant is going to offer a product, they should be prepared for customers to order it. No excuses. For no reason should employees get nasty with customers for asking legitimate questions. That's just unacceptable. Sadly both the lack of efficiency / preparation and lack of professionalism seem to be common at this restaurant.The ladies at the lunch shift today rocked! They should teach the other popeyes about class and serviceLiterally looking for a reason to be closed early. We are 6 weeks post Hurricane Ida and they're still closing early. We were in the drive thru at 9:00 and the refused to serve us. Ridiculous!worst popeyes ever!!!! staff is disgusting and unprofessional. they don't even deserve a starI'll forever be a Popeyes's fan. However at this location the service is slow.  Friendly people but taking orders is just slow.Really rude woman taking drive thru orders. If the company cares at all, it is 10/4/21 at 7:30 pm.So frustrating! We have literally been waiting at the drive through for 20 minutes. I just want a biscuit, manI have now been to those Popeyes three times in the last two weeks. And the attitude of the staff is horrible. And every time I have been, I have had to turn around and go back because the order is completely wrong. They just don't care. Sad! It used to be the best Popeyes in the city.Slow as Christmas.... They ask you to pull up and wait... you do so and 20 mins later, you are still waiting. Vehicle behind you were waiting 15 mins, but they get served before you. You call and ask "Ummm, did you forget i was waiting on food also?" They reply, "Oh, we are working on it right now ma'am...." Now, 2 mins later and I'm still waiting! They will NEVER see me again after this visit! Terrible! Terrible!!!!Don't do it. After botching my UberEats order, the manager Gerald Johnson/ Gerald Jones YELLED at me, spoke very rudely and let me know that he took no ownership for the mistakes in my order.
Do not order from this location.
They are extremely unprofessional and unapologetic.Not exactly my favorite Popeyes location, but def one that I have grown with in my lifetime. (See also: The old Popeyes that used to be on St. Bernard Ave. that I grew up on as a kid. I think its a Chinese spot now)
I've had more $5 boxes to cure hangovers during college Mardi Gras seasons than I can count from this location. It isn't always the cleanest and they may get your order wrong every now and again, but it's definitely a popular location in the Uptown area.
I stopped by last weekend to try the new chicken sandwich. I ordered the spicy chicken sandwich with the meal and a mild sandwich by itself. Of course, I only received one sandwich and fries in the bag and I had to wait to speak to someone to get my mild one, which took about 10 minutes.
Aside from the service being "eh", the sandwiches were absolutely delicious and if I could, I would start a fan club in their honor. One of the juiciest, crispiest and well-seasoned chicken sandwiches I've had! And believe me, my genetic makeup damn near consists of chicken sandwiches.
Now go get one. Crunch wisely.Slowest line ever! Every time I drive past the Popeyes I am surprised to see so many cars in line so I think wow they must be very popular but actually they only have a line because the staff is so slow every location is the worstMy neighborhoods Popeyes chicken that's all I can say. Always open when I need a shrimp Po boy or a chicken platter. Never had an order messed up! Recommend Drive Through!