Was not impressed with the food. Cheese fries were french fries smothered in some kind of cheese gravy. The muffaletta had whole olives in the spread and was nowhere close to true New Orleans fare. 
Service was not great at all. Our server was not attentive and I have never heard of a restaurant charging $1 for a piece of lemon in your water. Really?
We had a 12 person table there to see a football game and they would not change the channel because an uninterested woman asked before us to see another game. She was not even watching it until we asked to change it. 
The manager would not change it because he said it was first come, first serve. I understand that but the other game was on at least 3 other TV's and our 12 people could not easily see our game. If there was not a built in gratuity, our table probably would not have tipped much at all.Disorganized? Yes.
Needs a bit of a sweeping and perhaps the table to be wiped down? Sure...
But overall, this place is okay. 
Our waiter spoke maybe 4 words of English, but he was great! My husband and I both ordered a blue cheese burger and it was great. I really enjoyed it and I would dare to say that it was the best blue cheese burger I have ever had. 
What did I not like? I didn't like that we had to sit in a corner inside with patio furniture and chairs because we had a baby. My drink was weak. Like, hello, this is NOLA.... give me some vodka in my drink. Gosh. 
I was starving, it was there. I ate, I liked it. Will I come back? Possibly. Worth a shot.Ate there twice.  Mainly for the Bourbon Street Tea.  Super friendly staff.  Great view of the river.  Live music once.  Basketball on the TVs.  Close to many hotels & the shops at the River Walk.  Will go back next visit :)Ok as sports bars go but food was kind of blah. Servers need to be a bit more attentive and menu could use a little spicing up. But beer was cold and good TVsBreakfast-
Me and the bride stopped in this morning for a bite. We'd seen it around the river front and a couple of years ago, we had a po' boy there. 
I had the shrimp and grits. She had the chicken and biscuits. Mine was okay. The spice was kind of after the fact. The grits were good and fresh.
The service left something to be desired. Lack luster. Us and one other couple in the place and it was 8:30. 
Three stars is generous. I'll eat across the street at Harrah's or the Double Tree.Hubby and I decided to have dinner here, so we got an outside table.  You could see the waiter having an argument with the hostess for the very fact that she sat us in his section.....after all, it was 8:23 pm and they were going to close at 10!!  After more than 5 minutes he came over and introduced himself as "Charles" and gave us the menus.  It took him another 10 minutes to come back and we told him we wanted to order a couple of drinks, and then we would decide on food later.  He disappeared for another 15 minutes before he finally returned with our frozen margaritas....commenting that he had to go to the north pole for ice. We were not amused.   He was never seen again.  We decided to go and eat elsewhere as it was now after 9 pm and no Charles.  Another waiter noticed our situation and offered to help and then Charles suddenly appears.  We asked for the bill and again he disappears for another 15 minutes.  By now we just wanted out.  We were planning to eat there again another day, but have since decided against it.  If you ever go there, make sure your waiter's name isn't Charles!I don't do many reviews but this place is flat out horrible. Food was below average and tasted like it came out of a frozen TV dinner. Over priced drinks were nothing special either. Service was the worst I had to run a waiter down for about everything. Waited 45 minutes for drinks, food took longer. I literally had to go find someone just so I could pay our bill. Will never go back.Service was great ... Food was ok... Ran out of Coors draft beer, their Daquiris had little to no alcohol in them (you can't sample any before purchase either) and every where you go you take drinks in... BUT NOT THIS PLACE... Would not recommend .. Too many other choices around the town!!Most horrible food, service, and wait staff ever. We sat on the patio for a few drinks and some appetizers. The patio seemed nice,  overlooking the river and vendors. The patio was not busy. About 6 tables were seated, and multiple wait staff was scurrying around. We waited 10 mins before being acknowledged, meanwhile other tables were being serviced x2. 
The SUPER nachos  ($15) were made with canned, liquid cheese, microscopic pieces of dry chicken and about 10 black beans. The jalapeños and canned cheese were generous.  The guacamole and sour cream were absent  (they apparently ran out, but I was not notified until I asked).
We had no napkins, silverware or plates. 
We ordered drinks and they were brought out slowly, but did arrive. 
2nd appetizer,  wings.  How can you screw up wings? 
As my son described them..."like the turkey on National Lampoon's Christmas vacation."  Dry! 
Again, no plates for 4 people to eat wings off of.  
Meanwhile, the manager is checking on other tables and eating chips at the hostess station.
My son asked for water twice, and the waitresses response was, "I'm gettin' to you". 
I'm observing other tables, and seeing many complaints and eyeball rolling.  A woman with two small children left her table to use the restroom and they bussed her table of uneaten food, and kid's drinks. 
A couple complained their food was nasty. And, in the distance I can see angry disappointed faces and checks being adjusted.  
DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR BUSINESS!! I only gave 1 star, because Yelp doesn't have a negative star rating.  
My check was adjusted by 50% and, not surprisingly, I didn't even get a pen to sign it.I was there with my girlfriend and some friends for the superbowl 2014. The perfect place to watch sports and having a good time. We paid 50 $ for each of us and we could eat until we reach that amount. If we had eaten more we would have paid the difference. The only problem was that the tip was not included. But perfect service and very good food and atmosphereChill place to grab a frozen fruity alcoholic drink outside as you listen to the live music on the waterfront. Don't expect too much out of this place. And their hours are really limited too, so that is where they lose the most stars by not being open later in such a neat area.I had the po boy fried shrimp, was not impressed, especially with the food standards of New Orleans . 15 bucks, a bit excessive for po boy, but it is in a great location. Also 20% service charge automatically included. The reason they even got two star is because the server was nice and location was good, chef needs to step it up.Though the food is decent, and the drinks are strong, the service is horrible. The only time we saw our server is when the food came out. We tried catching her later on to order more food, and it seems she forgot about us. By the time she came back by us it was like 30 minutes later, by then we were done. The food seems to be good and the service needs some work. Been a long time since I tipped below 20%Not as bad as the reviews make it seem! The wings are pretty good and so are the chili cheese fries! My friends had the bang bang shrimp which was also delicious. I will say that the hot wings weren't hot at all and recommend the sweet sauce (911 flavor)! The server did his best to accommodate our large group of 11 which they do charge automatics gratuity after 6 but they allowed to split or checks! We weren't waiting forever for food and drinks they came out pretty quick. The drink I got was the category 5 which wasn't that strong to me I would save my money on that. Overall it was worth trying.Stopped by for lunch today after a nice walk along the river from the French Quarter. Visit started off a little rough with 3 employees standing at the entrance seemingly confused by 2 groups of people coming up at the same time.
Got seated after a little delay, service improved from there. Got menus, drinks and ordered within 5 minutes. 
Ordered bacon cheese burgers (medium) and parmesan fries. Burgers were overcooked (well) but was tasty, fries were cooked well, fresh and crispy, loaded with parmesan cheese.
Overall it was decent, but not worth another visit.Poppy's! It doesn't get more basic than Poppy's, and I meant that in the nicest way possible. In a city where there's so many food options it's nice to go somewhere where you know exactly what you're going to get. Plus, the location is great. It's right on the waterfront, and right next to the mall. My mother and I went during the Essence Music Festivals so, we were sort walk away from all that action as well.
Like I said there's nothing spectacular about the service or the food. Everyone there looked like they just wanted to do there job, and I'm fine with that. However, there was something strange happening at the table behind us with the manager and one of the servers. We tried to ignore it, but our server insisted on apologizing, and telling us what was going on. It would have been OK, but he continued to keep giving us more, and more information about the issue after we said it was fine. He couldn't really take the hint that we didn't care. We just wanted to eat, and go about our business.
The food, again, was decent. I had a shrimp poboy and my mother had a sandwich. Not much else worth mentioning here.
Now, what is worth mentioning are the drinks. I will say that Hurricanes seem to be a staple at most restaurants in NO, but the one's we had a Poppy's really did the trick!
I'd definitely stop by Poppy's again if I went back to NO. It's inexpensive, in a great location, and the food simple and good.This place is a 110% complete joke!!! How anyone could give this place one star is beyond me. The service is a model for incompetency & what type of job you should have when dropping out of 6th grade. To call this place a tourist trap is a slap in the face to tourist traps! This calamity would be better suited burned to the ground. I would give this joke ZERO stars if I could.What a mess. Must have six or seven staff running around waiting maybe 15 tables and service takes forever. Probably 15 min to get drinks and had to ask for our appetizers to be brought out. Bathrooms horribly dirty. Whoever thought of putting two pay stations together for the servers to use ought to be fired. We were seated next to it and it's clearly a bull shitting, trash talking employee bottleneck that is right in the way of the kitchen area tragfic. Would never recommend this place and would not visit again. Food was OK once it was finally brought out. Nothing to write home about. You are better off finding something in the mall than going hereThis was my first time trying this restaurant.and my last !! The waiter was good and helpful! I order appetizer nacho w chill. They was good .about three people could eat off them . I ended up order mild wings . So disappointed!'!! Who can't prepare wings. My friend ended up order a cheeseburger. It was so blend and dry..., I was so disappointed.$2 shots and large slushy drinks. The dishes were small portions but tasty. My mom had the shrimp coated in the asian sauce. I had seafood gumbo -which I was told didn't have meat but shrimp and lobster meat instead it had shrimp, chicken and beef. My son had a burger and fries, which he asked for plain but had pickle seeds at the bottom. The fries are tasty. The drinks are really good. The bill came up to over $50. Not a bad place to eat at but just don't go super hungry because of the portion sizes.My family and I went to this restaurant one day when there were only a few customers. Once we were seated, 15 minutes had pasted before some took our drink order and then it was another 15 minutes before we got the drinks. We ordered, and when our food came, it was cold and bland. Our waiter never checked up on us and finally did when we were finished eating and waiting for the check. When we asked for the check, he didn't come back for about 20 minutes and even left the restaurant at one point. To top it off, food was overpriced and not worth it.Waffles tasted pre-frozen and were hard. The chicken was not well seasoned and the grits were not hot--tasted more like instant grits.Nice little place on Spanish plaza. Straight forward menu but with enough choices that everyone can find something. Drink prices are actually not terrible considering you are in the middle of tourist central. Can't comment on quality of food because we aren't eating but what i can talk about is the service.  AL IS OUTSTANDING!!!!I can't stress it enough....ASK FOR AL!! And no,  i don't know him,  never even heard of him until we randomly walked in while waiting for our NYE fireworks cruise. He is personality plus,  efficient and just all around awesome. Since I'm a local,  i don't find myself in this area much but he's the kind of guy I wish worked, or even better bartended, somewhere locals go because I'd go just for the service. Just saying,  ASK FOR AL...tell him Rebecca sent ya...lol.Got a table on the inside, furniture is in awful condition to sit normally.  When waitress came to take our order, we wanted some drinks and would be ordering some food, however I was on the phone so my fiance did not want to order without knowing my choice.  When the waitress asked if all we were going to do was drink, she told us to go to the bar and sit.  She did not  return with our order!  Will NEVER GO there again.  Straight rude behavior!The food was ok but overpriced by far with 4 adults they added the tip on to the bill she was not worth that much. Looking over the bill I noticed they charged me 2 dollars over the price of my sons dinner and charged me for the drink ( with kids meals drink is included) I asked the waitress she said well I guess the price went up. Wth I asked for the manager who said he'd fix it took of the drink and still over charged for the dinner I gave up paid and left but will not return everCame here because we had a Groupon, Kids meal("chicken tenders") these tiny slivers of I suppose was pieces of chicken breast($7.00), a ton of fries, we complained about the size of the chicken, the manager came out, told us its only 4oz of chicken and we had too many fries!! The manager offered to take or off the bill, we declined the offer to leave this rid-bit of food, and shared a Club Sandwich (which was also incorrect with what we ordered) tourist trap!!! BEWARE!!!The service was terrible. We stopped in for lunch after visiting the nearby aquarium and were very disappointed. The food was mediocre and the waitress was awful. We waited for 10 minutes before being acknowledged and only saw our waitress when she took our order, brought our food, and brought our check. We didn't order anything that took much preparation time but it still took almost 30 minutes to get our food, which ended up not being very good anyway. Very disappointed overall, would not recommend. Great soundtrack thoughThe reason for the 5 stars ..... The muffuletta was very good and the 190 drink was on point... I has a buzz but they do add 20 percent on to your billGreat atmosphere very friendly. Great service.  Food was awesome. I had a chicken Cesar wrap and it was more than one person could eat.After shopping the Riverwalk Outlets I was looking for a sit-down restaurant to enjoy a cheap eat and strong drink. The prices for the food were acceptable, but upwards of $12 for a liquor drink that wasn't very big turned me off a bit. The staff were very friendly and upbeat. Ambience is that of a sports bar with TVs along the back of the bar. 
I ordered the alligator sausage po' boy, which didn't disappoint. The bread was crisp, flaky and fluffy all at the same time. Their homemade remoulade sauce was great, and I wasn't afraid to lather it on. The sausage wasn't too spicy but the sauce added a nice kick. My only gripe was that I should have asked for more pickles on the sandwich, but I was too focused on eating to care to ask for more :) 
Overall, I enjoyed myself at Poppy's and would eat there if I found myself at the outlets again. I wouldn't call this one of New Orleans' finest, but it's still a good, convenient place to rest your feet and get a quick bite to eat after a long day of shopping!Really enjoyed the food! Great service! A great band was playing and made the ambiance so nice!Wanted to try their Gator Hash for the last couple of days but when I finally did, it was a bit disappointing. It was nearly all potatoes and onions with a couple of fried eggs on top and a little bit of diced gator sausage. Basically, they charge $16 for $5 worth of ingredients. Price aside, it tasted good.While waiting for check in time at our hotel, we went exploring and decided to drop in here for a late breakfast.
We had the waffles & chicken and the "New Orleans". The New Orleans is a plate of 2 biscuits covered in sautéed crawfish, shrimp, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers topped with 3 poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. This was a delicious and very filling meal. I could only finish half the plate!! The chicken and waffles wasn't even close to average. The chicken had no flavor and was over cooked making it dry.
The initial service took a while but the service was great once our server came to our table. The food was out in a timely manner.If I am paying $12 for a mushroon, onion, swiss burger with NO side items included such as fries I shouldn't expect to see canned mushrooms.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!! The food was seriously overpriced and not worth anything close to what they charge. The chicken and waffles meal consist of 3 small frozen chicken tenders with 2 eggo waffles. The kids shrimp meal that was $11 and was seriously frozen shrimp you buy in the frozen section of the grocery store. The waiter got all our drinks wrong not once but three times! Did not split the check correctly and brought it to the managers attention and all she did was split the bill. No compensation no correcting anything, didn't even apologize for the worst service we've ever had! DO NOT GO HERE, save your money and go to the food court in the river walkVery good muffaletta and Cajun fried pickles - the Bourbon Street Ice Tea was deadly - good service - decent locationCat 1 Hurricane, Bacon Mary, Boom boom shrimp and catfish poboy were all good with decent portions.  Bit pricey but location on Spanish plaza, riverfront, and marketplace make the place worth a visit - location near convention center and shopping are ideal tourist spots.Tourist trap with a bad attitude and slow service. Avoid this place like the plague. The waiters would just assume run you over than serve you. And the bartender who looks like dj jazzy Jeff is worthless. So much for southern hospitality.The staff was wonderful! From the hostesses to the manager! They all were pleasant, friendly and helpful! 
We had a Groupon dinner deal and it was so smooth! We had the Voodoo Juice and a Corona for drinks, we ordered water and apparently they don't do free glasses of water, so we got two bottles of water for $1 each, which is fine but no one told us. 
We ordered the catfish poboy and the who dat fries and we were stuffed!!!! The food was good, had good flavor and the portion sizes were great for sharing! 
Overall we had a wonderful experience!!!Catfish poboy was delicious not too hard and seasoned just right. The best I've head. And the home run (chicken breast with bacon) was great. But the voodoo needed more alcohol!Tourist trap but they do have a nice selection of beers and other alcoholic drinks. We stopped here on the Happy Thursday Nola Social Ride and it was great. You pay for the location but the quantity and quality matches the price.Overpriced Tourist Trap! Stay Away!! 60.00 for 2 way overcooked burgers with no fries, 10 wings and 3 lite beers, 23.00 for 3 beers seriously? What are you the Superdome? Server thought it would be funny to give us someone else's 100.00 tab, didn't apologize but laughed, wanted us to walk in the rain storm next door to go to the ATM to pay in cash because their credit card machine wasn't working, then when pressed on the subject it by some miracle started to work, the place has the look and vibe of dying a slow death...Great Bloody Mary's, we enjoyed eating outdoors looking at the river.. Excellent fast service, and friendly waitress....I had lunch on Monday and the staff was awesome. Very friendly people and excellent service. The view of the river was nice. I had a shrimp Po boy with very fresh ingredients and a soft chewy roll. I would definitely go back.Have lots of TVs but the food is not great. Don't ever get breakfast, the portions are too small for the price. And then they switch off the TVs without letting the games finish playing. I think there are probably better places to eat and watch the game in NOLA!!I was in New Orleans for a work conference at the New Orleans Convention Center, so I stopped by this spot for a quick lunch. Much like many places I have been to, the customer service was on point! From the second we arrived, the waiting staff were very friendly. However, I could tell the place was understaffed as it took a while for the one waitress to get back to us. We were not extremely bothered because we were chatting away but if we were in a hurry, it would have been an issue. At some point, the owner/manager came over, apologized for the long wait and gave us fresh chips and salsa to hold us over. I ordered the alligator sausage po-boy which was delicious! The meat was cooked very nicely, and unlike other po-boys I have tried, the  toppings to bread ratio was just right. Often I have had many po-boys which were 90% bread and 10% topping. The food was just great. It is also located right by the river, so it had a great view and had it been a bit warmer, I would have sat outside with my group. Overall, a pleasant experience and a great alternative to the outlet mall food court which is connected to the convention center.Great service. Great drinks. I would chose this place over the Blind Pelican any day.It's a sports bar.  Not the best and not the worst.  Nothing special, but nothing wrong about the place either.
The prices are a little up there compared to your average sports bar but its also reasonable as they have the same prices you'll find anywhere else on the River walk, French Quarter area.
It sits in a tourist location and thus the place does not cater to regulars nor does it expect to keep any of their customers.  They cater to the in-and-out-I'll-never-be-back crowd.
Nothing special about the food but they do have a lot of TVs that show a wide selection of sports channels.  So its a nice place to grab some processed, fried food to go with the beer that was meant to go with the game, but if your game is not on, then there's no point to go there.No silverware or plates with our nachos. We had to ask multiple times. Service was bad. Nachos were ok. I will not return.I don't usually like to write bad reviews because I make the best out of everything but this place is hurting and will be doomed if it doesn't improve the food and the service. It's right on the Riverwalk and the restaurant itself is quite fun. There is an older gentleman that plays a mean saxophone and if I were ever to go back I would go back to hear him play and have one drink and that's about it but I'm going to save you the trouble and tell you never to go here unless you want to hear good music. I love my experience in New Orleans and look forward to all the food everybody keeps talking about. But this was the one place I really did not enjoy the food at all and I can totally tell it was canned and mostly freeze dried food that was most likely microwaved. To add insult to injury the server should be ashamed of himself for even being a waiter because he wasn't worth a damn. It's horrible that they automatically give them 20% of what you pay for so I guess that's why they don't even try to be good at their job. I'm giving everybody a warning so they don't have to have a bad experience that I did hear but overall the rest of New Orleans made up for it because I had a great time just not at this place.Great, convenient location, next to the Outlets at Riverwalk. That's where the good ends. I sat at the bar for at least 7 min before I eye contact was even made, although there were only 5 people at the bar.  While I was at the bar( less than 45 min) there were 3 different tables that came up to ask about where their server was. I watched the servers disappear in the back. The bartender turned out to be quite good and very pleasant. From my vantage point, he was the only one working hard. The manager didn't try and help or apologize to the patrons.Don't waste your time. We just pulled into New Orleans and wandered intot Poppy's from the hotel. It's patio is nice, and the drinks are not bad, but the Crab Cake Po Boy I had tasted like a hush puppy po boy with tiny flecks of crab randomly hidden within. (Pictures to follow).
There are too many dining options to waste your time/cash here. If you *must* then get a quick drink on the patio (each patio table has a nice umbrella) to take a quick break, and enjoy the river view; but, seriously, eat a meal somewhere else. Sorry Poppy's.Don't ever eat here...nasty all around ....the food is shit here...old food.. I almost throw up when I had the nachos .the nastiest cheese I ever had..I ask what's bomb here she said the nacho are so big and good you have to try them ....bullshit....small and nasty ....and for 15 dollars  it had to be the nasty nacho in the world ...I got sick from them .....then went to restroom  so dirty and smelled so bad I had to go next door to use the restroom. ...I can usually eat ghetto food but this was dog food ..service was bad now I know why nobody was there when we went in ...the nastiest place I have ever been to when traveling. ..Mexico has better food then this shit hole....Why, oh why, did we stop here? I think pure hunger was driving us and we saw 'chicken and waffles' on this sign and thought, 'well that's always a safe choice right? wrong!!!
This is New Orleans, so I expected actual fried chicken on my waffles. Instead we all got some sort of flavorless meat, on top of waffles. Even salt and pepper couldn't save that chicken. The waffles were standard. Standard enough to cost $5, not $14. The shrimp and grits were okay, but not worth $19.
Other wise it was fine. Server was nice, but beware a group of 5 or more there is automatic 20% gratuity. Even though they could see our clear disgust with the food they didn't want to even offer a little comp of something, I guess we shouldn't expect such things despite having an awful meal.
Please, don't order the chicken and waffles.... Over priced frozen everything... Bland flavors, and waiter smoked some weed right before serving us... One star for the location but damn, get it togetherStopped in for a quick drink on the boardwalk.  This place is cool and the drink menu is bad ass.  I recommend the Cat II hurricane. They have Cat I - V.The only thing I came here for was to socialize with friends.  The beer prices were decent $5 for a small, $7 for a large.  They had plenty of Abita on tap, so I was pretty happy.  The service for our large party was very good (we sat outside) and they even stayed open for us, rather than kick us out at 10:00 like they could have.  
It was close to our hotel, they have beer, they have have outside seating. I was happy.Terrible place with terrible service. Its over priced and a tourist trap. Stay away.Came here for lunch during a trip to New Orleans. Great view of the Mississippi activity. Service was great. Good was good. Typical pub food. Good variety of beers on tap and good mixed drinks.Had breakfast at time out sports bar in August 2011.  I will never make that mistake again!  We were seated promptly, the waitress seemed very nervous taking our drink order, even though she was writing it down.  Breakfast entrees consisting of eggs and 1 slice of toast cost $12, toast was hard as a rock.  So were my kids pancakes and french toast.  Waitress did not offer to refill drinks.  Waited more than 20 minutes for the check.  Place was way understaffed, but it isn't that big of a dining area.  Manager did comp us for the long wait.  Will not return if I'm in NOLA again.Food was delicious and our server Jayante was great. She was fast, friendly and provided attentive service.  Thank you for suggesting the Voodoo Juice, it was yummy. My husband loved the bacon bloody Mary.  The fried pickles were the best we've had in NOLA!We didn't even get served there after sitting for 10 minutes and watching every server walk by multiple times.Been to New Orleans a few time and have seen this place every time I've visited just never stopped in. But I'm so glad that I did. We ordered the ultimate nachos and the muffaletta half size. Everything came out quickly and we're HUGE portions. We could not finish. But the food was so good and the staff was wonderful! The next time I come back I have to stop by againVery slow service, mediocre food and weak A/C. I paid $3 for an iced tea and they charged me $3 again when I asked for a refill.I have frequented this establishment two years in a row, both for Lundi Gras. I do have to clarify that I did not return because of the excellent service and food, but the location, especially for Riverfront events, can't be beat. 
Last year, I ordered their hurricane daiquiri and ended up throwing a lot of it away. I know daiquiris are supposed to be sweet, and I like sweet things, but I felt like I was drink the liquid equivalent of a pixi stick. This year, I stuck with draft beer and was quite pleased with the size for $7. We also ordered crab cakes, which were actually fried, and boudin balls, which of course are always fried. The food was ok but had obviously been frozen before being prepared. This is not the kind of establishment where they make anything from scratch. 
The service almost led to a 2 star rating. I understand that we came at a very busy time, but we were sitting for almost 15 minutes before someone came up to take a drink order. We did have one person come by at about 5 minutes to say he'd be with us shortly, but he never returned. Then, we had probably 3 different people come by and ask us if we had been helped, but never actually helped us themselves. Our eventual server was not overwhelmingly spectacular, but she did get our drinks and food orders correct. 
I guess my take home point for this restaurant would be to not set your expectations too high. It's a typical touristy sports bar in prime location. Go for the bathrooms and beer, not the food.Great spot on the river to watch sports!  Yes, I'm that girl!!! The menus is always tempting beyond imagine... daiquiri machines rolling, VooDoo Juice on deck... stop in... you won't regret it!This a great place to come to watch sports, have a drink and enjoy a filling meal. I recommend the Cajun Fish Tacos! My son doubly recommends the Chicken & Waffles. The server was very attentive and helpful. Makes you want to come back over $ over.We walked in, floor was dirty with old sauce and dirt, it was hot and stuffy and on top of each other. They say appearance makes the place and I definitely agree.2nd year running we've gone here for a quick bite and drink before the Lundi Gras ceremony in Spanish Plaza.  Good spot to dive into for some Cajun apps, and one of five levels of the good ol Hurricane.  Not gonna lie...after one of the Cat 5's, I've felt pretty solid the rest of the night!  Give it 3 stars because the service has been a bit slow,  but could be due to that time of the year3 of us went at noon on Sunday.  Because it was nice outside, we opted for a table with umbrella.  We waited for 20 mins for a waiter.  We caught the attention of the lady that seated us at least 3 times, but still no drink or food order.  We left and walked around to the side of the business where there was a bar only.  We got served, not with a smile, but at least we got our drinks.  It appeared the people inside were enjoying football and attention of waitstaff.My husband and I took the bus to go to the River walk and came across this restaurant.  I was hesitant because on my previous trip to Nawlin's I visited Deannie's and wanted to go back since I enjoyed them the fist time.  So glad I tried something new. 
My husband and I ordered the seafood bucket for two.  Lord oh lord, what a feast.  It was way to much for just two people.  I could have kept eating but I didnt want to hurt afterwards, wish I did because we never did eat those leftovers and what a waste that was.  But it was the tastiest I had ever had.  The seasons they use just danced in my mouth it was so good.  Dont regret going here or ordering this dish.  
Oh and we had the Oysters for a appetizer and those were good also.  Not sure if one place is better than the next when it comes to the Nawlin's area.  I would imagine they all get there oysters in the same spot.  So one has been good than the next to me.My boyfriend and I went to Poppy's on 4/24/13 and had a wonderful time. Given we were the only ones in the bar by the river, the service was not very attentive at first. However, the hot wings were AMAZING, they had good beers for great deals, and the view was nice. I think people are often to critical of restauarants and should have a better attitude. We liked Poppys a lot.Service here on a football Sunday did this ace a huge favor.  I have had amazing service, and I can't complain at all. 
I had the hot wings, flavor was good and wasn't over the top spicy. 
The Cajun pickles appetizer - highly recommend. The batter is awesome with a good Cajun seasoning. 
The muffuletta was absolutely huge. Ordered a half and it could easily feed a large animal.  
The draft beer is average. Im sipping on the equivalent of a bud light - go with a different option.  
Great place to watch the games, enjoy some good food, and excellent service.This a great place to come to watch sports, have a drink and enjoy a filling reasonably priced meal. I recommend the Cajun Fish Tacos! My son doubly recommends the Chicken & Waffles. The server was very attentive and helpful. Makes you want to come back over and over.Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant. I was there with a group of 4 for lunch after Mardi Gras. The place was pretty empty-- there were only a couple other diners. When our waiter first came up, he asked us if we would like split checks. We said sure, that'd be great. For the rest of the meal, or waiter complained to us about how much more difficult it was to deal with split checks. Ok, so (1) why did you ask us if we wanted split checks if you didn't want to do it? (2) I'm pretty sure it's reeeally not that difficult. I've never been a waitress, but my friends who have tell me it's not that hard. (3) Why are you lecturing your customers?
He complained about how you have to put the orders in separately for split checks, so if you have 5 groups of 5, 5 orders become 25 orders. He said things get confused in the kitchen, so our orders would just come out when they were ready, so we all got our meals at different time, even though, remarkably, every other restaurant I've ever been to has been capable of figuring this out and delivering the food all at once. And, again, there really weren't that many people there.
So then he brought my sandwich to some other guy, so then I watched while that guy called the waiter back and said it wasn't his sandwich, and then they carried my sandwich back to the kitchen, and a couple minutes later they brought the same sandwich out to me.
So then we paid. I was still relatively sympathetic at this point even though the guy was an ass, and since my companions all tipped normally, I tipped my usual 20%. Wow, do I regret that now. I sat and waited at the table while the 3 guys went to the bathroom. The waiter came over, kneeled down next to me, and started lecturing me: "Just so your group knows, whenever you split a check-- it's just problems. It's just problems." I was so taken aback I just grimaced and nodded, but I kind of wish I'd gone off on him. Who lectures their customers? Especially after he OFFERED to split our checks?
Anyway, otherwise this place has a fairly nice location since it is on the river. The food was mediocre and a bit overpriced-- $10-$15 for sandwiches. We were just looking for a quick place to eat, so it was fine for our purposes, minus the part where I left completely infuriated because of the waiter.Good drink, could've done without the deep-fried gator sausage....they should just grill it...just as touristy as other places around the city, buy you can't expect it not to be; it's right next to high tourist spotsSome great hot wings and a cold brew for a rainy day. Waiter Corey not real talkative but always had a smile and eye contact.Time Out aptly named because you will feel like you have been in time out waiting on a server to come and check on you. Food was only OK service was horrid. After getting our order never saw our waiter until everyone was finished. We were about to go and ask for water refills and the check when he showed up. Took another 20 minutes to get the check and pay. The pizza looked store bought and the pro boy bread was hard.  Muffeleta sandwhich was pretty good. Nice place to listen to a live band (which was playing) if they would turn off their outside MUZAK.  Overall would never go back.  Too overpriced and not worth it. Disappointed.The Time Out grille is aptly named. You'll be sitting for a very long TIME without service or food, and you'll be OUT the door before your meal arrives. My teen girls and I stopped in for lunch before we went to the Riverwalk. . The place wasn't crowded, maybe half full. The hostess was very friendly and brought us to our table. After about 15 minutes, our "server" mosied on over to get our drink/food order. The drinks came and then we waited.... and waited....hello, server, can you stop socializing with your co-workers for a sec so I can inquire about our food? We've been sitting here almost an hour! So she comes over, says the food will be out soon. I don't know what her definition of "soon" is, because we waited another 20 minutes before we had it and left.  (Meanwhile, she's still chatting it up with co-workers and standing -- literally STANDING -- around, not checking on the kitchen or anything!)
I finally caught her eye and said it's been too long, we're leaving and she said, "ok, then, come back and see us." 
Seriously. She said that. 
So, I can't comment on the meals here, but if they're as bad as the service, I guess we avoided a case of salmonella. 
The food court never looked so good.Was not happy with this place.  Was expecting adequate service and good food and both were a disappointment. Took 15 minutes to get our order taken. Bus boy took our order and walked away without saying a word. My hotwings were brought and as I asked what sauce was on the plate; she went to take it away and said "it's blue cheese, you dont want it?". Then our bill just tossed on the table as the waitress was talking to someone else and then walked away. Not going again.