This place replaced Yo Mama's, which I really enjoyed. I must say it is a good replacement. I really loved the tasty and seasoned grilled chicken sandwich. It was delicious. Great location, too.Forget The Company Burger - THIS is the best burger in New Orleans! I hadn't been here since it changed owners (and names), but I went tonight for the first time in over 5 years and was not disappointed. My only minor complaint is that they changed the bun since the last time I ate here. Other than that, this is still by far the best burger I've ever had. Period.This was one of my walking down the street specials. I walked by the greeter and he told me about their great burgers, I was just about to walk on when he mentioned the Peanut Butter Bacon Cheeseburger. I stopped mid-step as my brain ground to a halt. I saw the words does not compute flash before my eyes but they had me I definitely needed to see and taste this monster. I know this is going to sound strange but this was a very good idea, and I didn't really care for it. All the flavors went together exceptionally well, I'm just a peanut butter snob (Jif or nothing baby).
As many have said the bartenders are super friendly, knowledgeable, and let's just put it out there very attractive too. On top of the burger, the baked potato was out of this world, like seriously way better than it should have been. 
-1/2 star for decor
-1/2 for having to go outside in the rain to get to the bathroom
Well worth your time and moneyIf you are looking for an awesome burger in an intimate bar with cool bartenders, this is your place. Great selection of burgers on amazing buns. No fries here, but you can get baked potato, salad, or mac n cheese. If you enjoyed Yo Mama's, this is the same place.   Come in and check it out.Had the late night hungries. This was the only place serving food around us. The beer was cold, the bartenders were drunk. One was in training so yeah, that's what he was teaching her. The hallway to the bathroom is creepy, FYI. After ordering,  a couple of our group members motioned to the floor. The bartender laughed and said, "Which one did you see? Since they are working on the streets, it's stirring them up and they are everywhere." I asked what they were talking about.  RATS!! And on cue our food arrived.  OH, HE'LL NO! Exist stage left. Gross AF.If you're looking for the incredible burgers previously served at this address when it was "Yo Mama's Bar and Grill", I'm afraid those burgers are gone.  Yo Mama's burgers were *amazing*.  Port St Peter's burgers are dry, bland and boring.  :-(Thanks for the previous reviews. Are they nuts? This place continues to be fantastic. Great burgers and wonderful Gumbo. And Babs the bartender is a real kick. Try this place, you'll love it!!!After a long day of sightseeing, shopping and people watching, we searched for food. The hawker outside convinced our group that THIS restaurant had the same food as "the expensive guys nearby" but THIS was better and cheaper. We were tired, so we let ourselves be convinced. THIS was the only disappointment in a 3 day stay. I truly don't get the positive Yelp reviews unless the reviewers were tipsy or just don't look for great food. Hilary was our server and started out ok. Menu was pretty standard bar food and Hilary was pleasant enough. Problems began quickly. First diner ordered a burger with mozzarella and Hilary stated there was no mozzarella. We gave her grief for being out of the first thing we ordered...she said it was not a matter of being out of mozzarella, but that the restaurant didn't offer mozzarella. We showed it to her on the menu. She said it was just wrong and they'd never offered mozzarella. Ok, a little weird, but the diner took it in stride and ordered a mushroom burger instead. Hilary was quick to say they were out of mushrooms. First diner is less than thrilled at this point so another diner gave an order so first diner could regroup and re-examine the menu. Second diner ordered a Hang-Over burger. Wait for it....they were out of eggs. What we should have done was get up and leave at this point, but we were tired - too tired to look for a new place. Eventually all five of us ordered something we thought we could live with, but I don't think any one of us was able to order exactly what we wanted because Port St. Peter was out of a LOT of things...on a Friday night???   I can say that the portions were huge and the food wasn't bad, but I've much, much, MUCH better food elsewhere. We finished our meals leaving a lot of food on the table because of the portion size, and asked for our checks. OMG, you would think we'd asked Hilary to paint the Sistine chapel in 15 minutes using only her toes. It took three staff members a total of 22 minutes for the check to be split two ways. Please eat here if you're feeding hungry teenage football players - - portion size would be about right. Otherwise, go elsewhere.I was so excited to try out the Peanut Butter Bacon burger and I was not disappointed! It was just what I wanted with the sweet and salty with the burger. My only complaint about the burger is that I asked for medium and it was well-done when it came out, but it was still good. I am jealous of my husband since he ordered the potato salad and I ordered the Mac and cheese (which is good), but that potato salad!! It was so creamy and to die for and I only had one bite! So get the Peanut Butter burger and potato salad and you'll love it.How is this place not packed? All. The. Time. ??? Definitely best burger in The Quarter. I'm assuming best in New Orleans. Maybe the best ever. In the history of always. Go here. Enjoy the food. Keep it open for when I come back.I was in NOLA for Cubs/Dodger playoff games. I wanted to find a bar on Thurs Oct 20th to watch game. I wanted to get away from the noise of Bourbon and stumbled upon this place. I sat down at bar and noticed 3 TVs perfect from any angle in the bar. A new bartender was coming on his shift and ordered a drink. My first was simple pineapple juice and vodka. After that drink, he introduced himself as Kevin and recommended a drink made with a NOLA local Rum. 4 more of those drinks, I enjoyed my stay so much I stayed for the whole game. They have a grill with a hefty menu of hamburgers and bar food. I only ordered the large baked potato with toppings to have something in my stomach while drinking. Even though I only ate something small, the 4hrs I was there SEVERAL locals came in during their breaks to order hamburgers. Give this place a chance and you won't be disappointed. drinks and food but without the crazy of Bourbon. My only suggestion, management NEEDS to make a "Restroom" sign leading patrons to correct door. Everyone kept walking into the kitchen looking for the bathroom door instead.When I order nachos from a restaurant I expect the cheese to be grated cheese, not  the liquid dispense from a nozzle movie theater variety. GrossThe very definition of a hidden gem. The Hangover Burger is one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth.Amazing customer service from Rob and Emily! The food was surprisingly top notch for a bar!!!  We had a pork chop created by chef Kenneth that I would expect from a 5 star restaurant, served with a loaded bake potato and a spinach salad on white square plates for under $20!!!! My husband said it was one of the best meals he has had in years...pleasantly surprised and high recommendedStopped in because we wanted a burger.  Burger was huge and pretty good.  Service was fine, we sat at a table and was helped by the bartender.  Typical bar ambiance.The burgers are some of the best we had. My boyfriend compared them to the burger episode of How I Met Your Mother. We got into town late, and happened to hear about this place from another couple as we waited for the street car. The potato salad was....eh. Not bad but nothing special. Somehow tasted like it was made with buttermilk. Was very tart. But seriously, try the burgers!!!!Awesome spot I go to get a drink and a fantastic burger in the quarter. Fun bartenders too! Great authentic New Orleans bar and food, keep it up guys!Peanut Butter and Bacon Burger was phenomenal...almost as good as the bartender's attitude!  Great stop in the Quarter or to finish the night off. Just don't screw with Rob.There are rats on the ground. Saw multiple running across the floor. We got out there as soon as we could. Very disappointed.I miss 'Yo Mamma's' already.
Thankfully it's the same (awesome) cook from Mamma's, but so far I'm not encouraged by the new management's take on the setting itself: TV's gone, jukebox volume was cranked up to ear-splitting levels, and the "!!!WOOOOOOHELLYEAH!!!" brodawg quotient seems to have risen along with it. This place was never a ballroom, but it doesn't have to be Lil' Razzoo's either.
Three stars for the good food and genuinely friendly waitstaff. The "new" setting was a depressing letdown, however, and the name change is unfortunate -- it's almost as though they want to be mentally associated with Port o' Call, which this place is most certainly not.We had a burger and a chicken sandwich, both were phenomenal. It's a laid back, hole in the wall type joint--so you're not here for fancy ambiance. But the food is so good, nobody cares. Plus, you're in the south: the less removed from polished, franchise-like spots you are, the better.I have missed Yo Mommas since they closed and finally figured out they have the same menu and great food here.. We love Shelly the bartenderReally great burger and wonderful bar staff.   Bloody Mary's to die for.  Just off bourbon street and open whenever I walked past it.  Bar staff really good in advising what to order to eat and drink.  Let them guide you, I did and was wonderful.Used to be Yo Mamas. Great food with great service and great drink specials! Will definitely be back.Shelly is an absolute delight!! We enjoyed every single minute of our time here. The food was amazing (We got red beans & rice) and the drinks were yummy!!This place used to be named ya mama. New owners couldn't buy the name. Beyond thrilled we found it. Same great food and drinks. Go back- it's still here and the Best Buy in the quarter.They have a vegan burger that is amazing and their kitchen is open till 2am which makes for an amazing late night stop for any veg heads needing some late night grub. And if you happen to be on when Todd is here, he will go above and beyond to help you find the right drink for you. Definitely will be back.The burgers are awesome ... The Pontchartrain Pasta is pretty good but a bit over priced for the portion size ( just my opinion) ...Totally delicious!  Had the peanut butter burger, yum and my friend had nachos very tasty beef on the nachos.
Staff was super cool and quick friendly service.Really good food!!!  The burgers are fantastic!!!!  The macaroni and cheese is THE BOMB!!!!  They are super friendly.The place is Ok in my opinion too much seasoning on the meat, large size burger and nice side for the price. 
My order was overcooked and the avocado was hard and not edible.This place continues to be a staple, even with new ownership. If anything, it's better. Less fluff and more amazing food. In New Orleans there area so many white tablecloth restaurants to have amazing food. But this place is a bar that serves amazing food. Everything you want in a bar with amazing cuisine.Roamed in for a drink, maybe dinner. The server was such a turn off that we bailed before we finished our beers.Late at night, when you are wandering around New Orleans trying to figure out what drunk munchies food you want to get, this is where you should go. Nothing at 1:30 a.m. Will be 4 star gourmet, so get that out of your head. What you need is a place that will take care of you. This is the place. Good drinks, decent bar food, and most of all, people who will take care of you. My seafood pasta was actually pretty good, but my husband wasn't crazy about his pork chop. The employees could have been annoyed, but insteAd they did everything they could to be incredible and make him happy. People like this are few and far between. Throw your business this way; these people Really go above and beyond.Came here numerous times over the years. I absolute love the food and the staff is awesome!Incredible burgers and a tequila bar in one?  Yes please. Please do not go here if you are expecting fine dining, it is a dive bar.  But the burgers are insanely good.  The peanut butter burger is a must.  Their other burgers are good as well.  
My wife and I went here on a tip from our cab driver when it was called "Yo Mamma's."  He said it was better than Port of Call.  We went to Port of Call, and this place was much, much better.  I'm glad some people don't like it, I prefer it not to be too packed.  Leave the good burgers for me to be ready when I arrive drunk and hungry.Safari and food! If you want to eat while seeing mice run across the floor, this is your bar! Stopped eating after seeing the first, and saw the second (with the first again at the same time) while waiting on the check... If you want food, keep looking!This place is not even the shadow of Yo Mama's , they changed the owner and the name it was my favorite place in the FQ for burgers, I came by on saturday and took my friend from out of town telling him is the best Burger, we were sitting at the table waiting for someone take the order for 20 minutes , so I had to go to the bar and ask someone take my order the guy on custome sooo rude, he told me "ill be there as soon as I can cause we busy" how you said that!!! Then I told someone who looks like a manager and finally took the order, I work in the same industry and like this you can lost a lot of customers me personally I was recommended this place to my customers when they ask me a good place in FQ but now I can't , then got my food without utensils again ask in the bar he rolled his eyes and say to me" its been a long day" well it was a long day for me too !!! Thats no my ptoblem if you were busy and can't handle it!!!!  Anyway then at the end the girl named Miranda rescue my visit came to my table and ask me how was everything so I told her and she apologize and gave me a discount so if you go here ask for her cause this place is open probably cause she is the only one who know what is customer service!!! And by the way burgers are soooo small too.Great bartenders and cooks! Emily is awesome. Hurricanes here are 100% better than Pat O'Brien across the street. The peanut butter burger is fab! Thanks for a great experience! Kristin and Shawn WolfI have been here years ago and this place still good , the burger is big and so good !! wi be back !! Soon .....The old yo mamas has a new name. Port St. Peter. We were confused walking in but pleasantly surprised by the same great burgers and friendly staff. The name has changed a bit but we still loved it!Rats! Rats! Oh my F#%king God Rats! The bartenders don't seem to think they are a problem. In fact I believe they've named them and put them on the payroll.Just stopped in for a beer. Shelley was a fabulous surprise! Excellent service and wonderful conversation. Wound up back in there the next day. Made our trip! We will def be back again to see Shelley Wallace and Dob!!!Formerly Yo Mamma's they have one of the best burgers I've ever had. The buns are tops and when they say you haven't lived until you try the peanut butter bacon burger: believe it. I've been to NOLA four times now and make it a point to get here every time. Only gripes were that I wish they still had the alligator crawfish sausage on the menu and they could benefit from some fries but the sides kill it anyway. Definitely try the mac and cheese. times are a little slow but that can be attributed to the small kitchen. PLEASE don't let that deter you. Will eat again.Went around looking for a spot to eat and was one of the only good spots open. I have to say their burgers are one of the best in Nola and the hospitality was amazing! Paul the bartender was awesome! Definitely recommend coming to this spot!!!I ordered 2 burgers and a baked potato to go and didn't check my order til I got home.  One burger was over cooked and the other was undercooked.  My baked potato didn't have everything I ordered on it and I think I was overcharged, but didn't get a receipt so I have no idea.  This place used have the best burgers in the French Quarter, but it have gone down hill.  As a local, I won't ever go back!Hello. How could I not know this place was here. I mean it's near one of the most popular streets in the NOLA...
Stopped in with a friend for a quick drink as we were hanging out downtown. My first stop in the bar/restaurant was to the restroom; after a few hours of hanging out, I needed to use the facilities. For the restroom, you exit the establishment in the rear, walk about 50 paces & I
it's a single toilet, WoooHoooo, no sharing. 
The bartender was attentive and quite friendly; makes for easier drinking. 
The kitchen seemed busy as I saw orders being placed and then some where carried out for delivery. 
Next time I'll have to grab a bite to eat along with my adult beverage.This was a great find. Great rib steak, loaded baked potato and green salad. Hamburgers at the next table were huge. Happy bartender.Yo Mama's was one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. I was apprehensive to try Prt St Peter when I heard Yo Mama's had changed owners. All that changed once I received my burger! Still the best burgers in town and we received excellent service from Shelley and Rob!!Excellent service!  Very knowledgeable bartender.  If you are waiting for the haunted history tour this is the place to come hang out.  Outside of the bourbon street crowd.  Clean which isn't always to come by with the drinking crowd.  Also have a pretty extensive menu.   Will be coming backSo you drink and then you have to go the bathroom.... there is a note on the door that is very unwelcoming to women about not asking for toilet paper.  I tell the person behind the bar and he says so indigently that they don't have any and that napkins from the bar can be used.   So my thought is ...if you know there is not toilet paper in the women's bathroom- why don't you put some napkins there! There is paper towels in the men's bathroom but that can't be found in the women's bathroom. Awful experience with the bartender drinking and getting drunk on job.  He basically drank a shot we had paid for!Directly across from Preservation Society is this fantastic lil place. The burgers served here are flavorful and suuuuuper juicy. I like mine well done and it was still dripping burger goodness. Come HUNGRY or plan to split a burger. These things are massive. Make sure somebody in the party orders the Mac and cheese or as you may hear it called - "crack and cheese". Also- baked potato... how good can it be? DANG GOOD!!!! Icy fresh beers on tap and a crazy friendly staff make this a bar not to be passed up!Wow, what a disappointment. Whenever we come to NOLA we always made a point of visiting when it was Yo Mamma's. We saw the named changed but the menu looked similar so we figured we would get the same great burger. Turns out we were very wrong. Bartender/waitress made a point of telling us that the new owner used real 100% beef, where the old owners used "fillers". Well as it turns out, fillers are a lot tastier than the very dry burgers we were served. They were not even big enough for the buns. The side baked potato was ok, but definitely old. I wanted mayo for my burger and waitress pointed to bottle on table. Ummmm, what kind of mayo doesn't get refrigerated? Yuck!Fuimos aprobar la hamburguesa de mantequilla de maní con tocineta y quedamos completamente a gusto. Es un sabor interesante y el tamaño es ideal, no tan grande ni tan pequeña. Lo único malo de este sitio es que no hay variedad en cervezas y sólo se puede seleccionar entre unas pocas marcas.Would give zero stars if possible. Tried to grab a drink to bring with me into Preservation Hall and the bartenders were useless. Zero knowledge of what type of alcohol they had and zero knowledge of anything beside beer or two ingredient drinks. Also most expensive drinks I purchased in my 10 days in New Orleans.The steak was awesome.  I highly recommend it.  Hole in the wall right off Bourbon St.Walked here from my hotel because of a review on yelp.  It was a good decision on my part--undoubtedly the best burger and baked potato I have had in months!  Female bartender was very nice. I am here four days, but will have to go back. That is saying much since I am in New Orleans--home of great food!I can't say more how I miss the old Yo Momma's. First of all there is a great exaggeration going around about how things are the same and nothing has changed, that can't be further from the truth. First off the charm of the dim lit decor of a quarter dive bar is gone and replaced with a brighter no decor joint with zero charm and the same but lower volume bad music. Gone are the playboy and playgirl centerfolds in the bathrooms as well as the bar staff and the great selections of tequila. The food itself, I ordered my standard usual the blue cheese burger while my friends ordered burgers as well. The burgers took a whopping ONE HOUR AND THIRTY MINUTE WAIT BEFORE WE GOT OUR BURGERS. If we were not tired from the Mardi Gras festivities we would have left long ago. When the burgers finally did arrive while we were about to walk out they were ice cold and cooked incorrectly with rare being burnt to a crisp. What was actually hot was the baked potato which was probably why the long wait while the two of us who did not order had their burgers done sitting up getting cold. The staff offered us drinks but we don't drink, they did take a percentage off of the bill. Besides being cold and not cooked to order the new buns were stale while my side salad was nothing like the previous side salad. Oh how I wish for the old Yo Momma, I have to take this spot off my list of best burgers in the city. #SadTried to eat here last night. In the past, the burgers were good.  We sat down in a booth right after some people.  The bartender asked for our IDs which we got ready. Never asked the other table.  She inspected and didn't like one of the IDs because it was peeling a little. At this point, she declined to serve us food not alcohol.  I just got up and left without argument.  What's the point right?  There are plenty of places in eat in the quarter.  Now, I know why it was slow in there compared to the past. HARD PASS on this place.  FYI, the youngest of the three is a 29 year old who wanted a Coke and Burger.  Bad attitudes and crappy service will kill a place.This place was great, exceptional service from Shelley and Kenny and sorry I forgot the cooks name. The beers were ice cold and the nachos were more than we could eat, which is rare for us not to finish nachos. The atmosphere was very comfortable. Will be back.Great new place, great burgers, great crawfish.  Crawfish are seasonal but whoever boiled them did a great job.  Burgers were very flavorful, very juicy, had a great smoky flavor (secret recipe?).  Service was also good, friendly also.  Bartenders were nice, juggled a healthy French Quarter Fest crowd.  Would definitely recommend.  If you're a tourist, and want to experience some affordable New Orleans burgers, this is definitely the place.Yeah I will never eat here again.. The burger was cooked just enough not to be totally rare like... ewww?! and they put stuff I specifically asked not to be on there! Not to mention I how I asked for my baked potato with sour cream and cheese amd bscon bits and it came totally naked and hard. I spent a lot of money for this food and ended up throwing it almost all away.The peanut butter burger was scrumptious and delightful.  Not to mention the $5 Mule drinks!!  Always a favorite!!You know this is really hard and sad for me to write because I don't like making bad reviews! I'm the one that makes good reviews or makes sure to tell the managers of my great experiences every single time I visit a good restaurant! However tonight Sat.  1/12/19 at 1 am I decided I would order from you guys on ubereats. I have come to your restaurant many times and feel like I've been a loyal customer! But I had made specific request in the comments area on Uber that I didn't want certain things on my burger. Sometimes I've noticed with Uber the restaurants don't read the comments so I always tend to call the restaurant just to reiterate my request. A girl answered the phone and I politely told her that I was just calling because I just wanted to make sure that the cook's saw my comments. The girl advised me that she didn't see my name on Uber list... Which was weird because I had seen it be approved right before I called? Turns out my order was canceled due to the restaurant being busy I assume or the girl hating me. The girl on the phone told me that the restaurant was really busy and that if my order came through that she bluntly was not going to go out of her way to make sure that the cooks read the comments. when she told me that the restaurant was busy I felt really bad and totally understood! But the entire conversation was probably the rudest I've ever been spoken to and when I asked for her name she hung up on me. I called back a second time to ask for her name again because I don't think that's appropriate to speak to customers the way that she did even if it was busy because I wasn't being rude to her and I was actually empathetic. She then again hung up on me. Than I decided to call back again and I simply said very politely "I wasn't rude to you so I'm really confused why you hung up on me and are being so rude to me?" She then again hung up on me. I'm not someone to complain at all and I understand that a business is busy and I'm not even offended that my order was canceled due to high volume however I think this girl may have just cancelled it herself because she didn't like me, I guess? Honestly it was the strangest conversation I've had. So my complaint isn't that the food is bad. My complaint is this girl who legitimately hung up on me three times!  I Only called a second time because I felt like maybe she misunderstood me? But she didn't care and she hung up and said nothing. This kind of behavior is detrimental to any restaurant! I felt like a complete idiot. And I understand that we all have bad nights. But to hang up on someone when I was genuinely just asking is simple request is absolutely absurd. Also, I think when a customer asks for your name you should have to tell them so that if you have a complaint like this you can tell the management. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before and honestly it just makes me feel really small and hesitant to come to your restaurant anymore which makes me really sad.I was sorry to find out this place was no longer YoMamas but after reading reviews I thought to give it a try. 
Burgers not too bad. I didn't think they were out of this world as I thought of YoMamas. They are slightly different. 
Probably won't return as there is so much other food in the city that fits the bill.This place pales in comparison to the old Yo Mamas. All character has been stripped away and replaced with generic Home Depot finishes. 
On the day that I went it, it took a half an hour to make my food and I was one of three customers. 
The whole joint smells very strongly of rotting something... And when I finally received my food, it smelled like the same rancid smell. I immediately tossed it. $13 down the drain. 
The only redeeming factor was the very sweet bartender. 
Try harder, new owners!Menu is short and simple. They don't have French fries. They charge you for sour cream on your baked potato. Waitress touched our pizza with her hands and claimed there's nothing wrong with that. The pizza tasted like cheap school pizza. The only thing that was great was the baked potato.Great food and workers. Great bartender, Laurie and TJ are awesome. Made me feel at home. Great bar hostessI was a huge fan of the peanut butter bacon burger at Yo Mama's, so I was really nervous about trying the new place that took over.  Thankfully my prayers were answered and the new place is just as good, if not better, than Yo Mama's was.
To start with, the bartender I had this time was way nicer and more attentive than the ones who I used to encounter when I'd stop in - I don't really drink, so I would only come here for food, and after taking the order I'd almost never see a bartender again until it was time to pay the bill.  The guy this time stopped over several times to refill drinks and make sure everything was good.
The place also seems a bit cleaner, which was a nice surprise.
The whole reason my friends and I have ever made it a point to stop at the place was the famed peanut butter bacon burger.  My friend and I split one and both of us agreed that the bacon they're using now is even better than the stuff that was used at the old bar, and overall we're thrilled with the new place.  It still comes with that huge baked potato too!Stopped by here last night because we got hungry walking down Bourbon St during Mardi Gras. We ordered the Hawaiian Burger! Yummy! Will return to try their Peanut Butter Bacon Burger!Used to be Yo Mamma's, sad I didn't get to see the place before its demise... but Port of St Peter was pretty good. Pro's and Con's:
PRO'S
+ Amazing Burgers (peanut butter!)
+ BEST BAKED POTATO EVER (fully loaded)
+ Good company (bartenders are on point)
+ Great location (across from Pat O'Briens)
CON'S
- The décor is lacking (something has gotta be put up on the wall)
- The "Port St Peter" name is too close to "Port of Call" (whom serves the same food: burgers, potatoes), but the quality at Port of Call is extremely lackingSo after drinks we ventured into this little bar/restaurant. Much to our surprise the food was really good as was the atmosphere!  If your looking for an ofc the wall not typical bar, check this place outWhat a find! Emily is amazing, the food is soooooo good and it is our favorite bar in NOLA now!  You will not be disappointed!The only skid mark on a recent NOLA expedition was wasting time at Port St. Peter.
The previous owner "Yo Mama's" Bar & Grill recently sold the joint taking the name, tradition, ambiance, Burger & Gumbo recipe with them!  
There's nothing left. Maybe a generic name and the annoying ever-present sidewalk hawker!
Port St. Peter best described in nautical terms... "Deep-Six".Food was amazing! We had the cheddar cheese burger with a side of baked potato. The barman was a great laugh and the check was super friendly and informative. Would absolutely go here again! Try it out for yourself!Perfect spot for divey hangover food!! The burgers are awesome and perfect after a night of drinking!!
The bartender was funny and welcoming and didn't think twice that we came to a bar and only ordered about 10 glasses of water!
It's nice to step into a dark, quiet bar when everything else is so bright and obnoxious! Definitely recommend!The mighty have fallen maybe because I expected it to taste like Yo mama's. Well its not yo mama's peanut butter and bacon burger no more! I ordered it  med well it came out border line dry overcooked to say the least. Waitress was nice. Unfortunately for the food it was tragic.Y'all, I've never had a worst dining experience in my life. I'm Yelp elite and if you use Yelp, you know that getting elite status is an achievement. It means that we go to restaurants, we try the food and we write reviews based off our entire experience from the minute we step into a restaurant to the minute we step out. I like sharing my experiences to make sure people have an understanding of what to expect from a restaurant and I share my reviews to bring a positive impact on both the business and the consumers. In order to share my opinions about a restaurant, I like to eat the most popular items on a restaurant's menu and to find out what the most popular items are, I either use Yelp reviews (like anyone else) or I ask the servers/bartenders of the restaurant for recommendations based off what they see their customers ordering. The same thing happened today - not even two hours ago. I came to this restaurant because I was hungry and as I walked on Bourbon St. at 7 PM, I didn't want to waste time finding the best burger spot. I wanted the locals to tell me the best spot and one of the bouncers I passed by told me to come here so I did. I didn't know what to order but as a burger lover, I was excited to get something. I looked at the menu and I asked my server for a recommendation as soon as he gave me my menu. He said he loved the "hangover burger and the peanut butter burger" - two burgers I read about and did not like. When he came back to me approximately 15 minutes later for my order, I presented him with two options - the El Toro Loco burger and the Texas burger. When I asked the waiter which burger out of the two sold most, he said he liked the hangover burger and it wasn't his job to tell me what to order. He told me to order fast and that he wasn't there to decide my order for me. It wasn't said jokingly or with any politeness. I was treated like a drunk college girl that was being obnoxious. I was extremely civil in the way I spoke, I came for dinner at 7:30
PM - not for a late night drunk snack, I was not in any way out of control and as a woman, in that situation, I felt extremely insulted. On top of that, I was there with a male friend. When the waiter told me to order and that he wasn't there to decide for me, he did not look at me once. He looked at my male friend the entire time. I wasn't even looked in the eyes when I was told to stop wasting his time. When I was in that restaurant, I was asking a server for the best selling item. I was not acting like an uncontrollable youth being unreasonable. I asked the server for a recommendation between two options I chose and I was asking because as Yelp elite/any person paying for an expensive meal, I wanted to know what was ordered most from the options I presented. Instead of acknowledging my question, the waiter made me feel stupid and annoying for asking for an opinion.  He made me feel stupid for raising the question and I had no idea what to do so I just went on to order the Texas burger. He wasn't nicer when he asked me what side I wanted. The food was brought over and placed by my friend, not me. I was not checked in on. I honestly wasn't even able to eat the food because I was so uncomfortable with what had happened. Instead of sitting there, I grabbed my food to go and came home. Both my friend and the uber driver spent the whole ride asking me for the story and strongly interjected that they would have stood up and said something in my shoes. I should have gone to the manager right then, but I just wanted to leave. It doesn't hurt that I am reacting now. I am telling this story on here because I've never had a worse restaurant experience. The experience left me feeling so bad that I didn't even eat the food I bought. I even called the restaurant to speak with a manager to no success once
i was in my hotel room. I called three times. As someone who came to NOLA for one weekend, I don't need any compensation. I just want people to read this. Yes, this review isn't about the food because the service stopped me from even eating it. Really sad.The bar was empty and our group filled the 3 booths quickly. This is a lunch stop every year. The burgers are delicious and creative, I had the peanut butter bacon burger this year with a salad. The side of Mac and cheese is super popular and a cheesy sensation in its own right. The service is laidback and not for the sensitive to language, but it adds to the experience. No fried food on the menu, gives a whole new meaning to "bar food".Hole in the wall GEM!!!! The burgers at Port St. Peter far surpass your normal bar food expectations. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was delicious, cooked to perfection. We will definitely this place on our list of local favorites.