We had the charbroiled oysters and they were delicious!  This was just the thing we needed to get our quick oyster fix... The sashimi was fresh and the lychee martini was the perfect pair for it!  Definitely and highly suggest this placeA few weeks ago, I over heard one of the management tell an employee in front of customers that he doesn't like white people. Walked out before even being seated. Not going to give them my money if that is their attitude. Obviously I am unwelcome.Courtesy , fast and accommodating staff. The Sushi and Drinks was average to below average. The karaoke room was terrific. The bathrooms are not clean and that usually indicates the kitchen and bar are not clean.Three and a half stars. The chef's sushi lunch special is a great deal. Miso soup, salad, and assorted sushi for under $11. 
The place has all the ambiance of a hotel restaurant, which is to say very little at all. And the host kept calling me sweetheart which really grates. But my server was a pleasant, helpful guy.They do NOT accept reservations but we were able to get in early on a Friday night.  The raw oysters were large and fresh.  We had a shrimp tempura roll and the snapper with scallop dinner.  Everything was tasty and nicely presented and our server was excellent.Very good.. The 5 stars are for the food and proximity to my hotel( right across the street). Ordered the charboilied oysters, very flavorful and reasonably priced. Also, the calamari was nicely battered and not chewy. We also ordered a spider sushi roll that was to die for! ( expect to wait a bit for the for the food, fyi) Overall very good experience..Hallie.... the best! She makes the experience worth while. oh and the food is amazing.The web page is awesome I thought it was a good sign to order online for a sushi delivery, after all we are vegetarians the sushi is not a big risk (usually).  We asked for seaweed salad and 4 orders of sushi, it was delivered on time. 
The salad was good enough but the sushi was the worst ever, the rice was awful and bad texture it was not possible to eat,  we wasted our money and was supposed to be good Friday  dinnerVery nice and fresh food, atmosphere is nice, real clean tables. Chargrilled Oyster were ok, Chicken Hibachi was real good. The crawfish rolls were the bomb love them.  What top it the most was the service; quick and prompt food didn't take long at all.My wife and I flew into New Orleans this evening and upon arriving at the hotel, I was getting a little hungry! I looked around, but restaurants were starting to close and I'd about given up hope. I crossed St Charles Ave and saw a restaurant that still had an open sign lit. I was attracted to it like a moth to a flame. Turns out, it was a sushi restaurant. Now I'm kind of a novice with sushi. I mean, I love Tuna, but I rarely break out of that shell. Things like eel and octopus take me out of my comfort zone and I avoid them. I had the Spicy Tuna which with all of the choices is boring, but it's my favorite and when it's done well, it's great. 
I was getting my order to go, so I could go back to my room and share a dessert with my wife. I tried to order the Flan, but they were out and I was forced to go with the Chocolate Mousse. Darn, it's what I wanted in the first place, but I thought my wife would like the flan, more. Trying to get it to go proved to be difficult. Normally, it's served in a ramekin, but to put it in plastic didn't allow it to retain its delicate construction. I pleaded with the chef to allow me to take it to go. I understand his concern and meant no disrespect, I just wanted to share it with my wife. (She says now that she wants to come by and try it as the chef intended) I put it in the freezer for 10-15 min. It didn't last that long. It was delicious! OK, it was not the consistency, the chef would've liked it to be in, but it was great! As I wrap up this review, come on over to this fine restaurant and give it a try!We saw that this was a new place but wanted to try anyhow. We were not disappointed! Our waitress knew the menu front to back. The sushi cuts were perfect and fresh. Im very picky with my raw sushi but every piece was melt in your mouth quality. I suggest you sushi lovers give this place a try!They have a kaoroke area! So love this place. Food was amazing. Enjoyed myself in karaoke area. I will definitely come back.Wake up NOLA.  I just had a fantastic meal at Poseidon Restaurant.  It is located at the Carol condominium on St. Charles Ave., at it's own separate entrance.  Food was good, fresh and plentiful, ice cold beer.  Great bar and great karaoke.
You must try this place.Decided to give this place a shot given its proximity from where we stayed. In town week of Thanksgiving so not busy. Snow white sushi dee-lish! Vegetable udon good. I thought sauce was a little too sweet but my husband had no issue. Server warmed up to us and was polite. I'd go back and try it again. Fish was fresh, great flavors.Wake up NOLA.  I just had a fantastic meal at Poseidon Restaurant.  It is located at the Carol condominium on St. Charles Ave., at it's own separate entrance.  Food was good, fresh and plentiful, ice cold beer.  Great bar and great karaoke.
You must try this place.
Just ate here again....    MMMMMMMMI'm not really a sushi person. But this place really had good food. Brand new and nice staff.I am so pleased to have this great new restaurant in the neighborhood.
This is a great place to come for a business lunch or a nice dinner. The sushi options are varied and all sound delicious, as do the entrees. The service was friendly and professional.
I had the lunch special (soup, salad and rolls for $8.50), which was a great value. I loved the bbq eel, but can't say the yellowtail is what I had expected (it was cooked). Plenty of options, and so much to try!Great size oyster! Very fresh....They also have good kitchen food too with nice presentation. Employees are nice and attentive....oh yea one more thing they have 4 karaoke room there!! they close late during weekend, so its gonna be another good spot to hang out  :)Poseidon did not disappoint! I received my food in a very short time even though on the phone I was told it could take up to 45 minutes. There was a misunderstanding on the salad so I had to call back and tell them I was given the wrong salad. The lady was very courteous and apologetic. She had another salad delivered. I ordered a salmon salad and teriyaki chicken. The salad and sweet and sour soup were great. The teriyaki chicken was ok. Overall 5 stars for the fast delivery and excellent customer service.One dish.... THE FRIED RICE!!!
It's perfect. They are open late when everything else in New Orleans closes early.
Food is FIRE AF!!!!
Oh... They also accommodate vegans an vegetarians :-)Outstanding.   Been lovin Nola since I been fifteen years old. This place is a great addition to the greatest city on earth!  Sushi is great,  oysters were great,  service is great. Love it!My girlfriend and I went to happy hour yesterday,  14 Sept 2018, at a friends suggestion.  Ordered oysters to start,  couldn't really figure out what was wrong with the cocktail sauce,  it was so runny that you couldn't get it to stay on the oyster.  I asked for some ketchup and horseradish on the side,  so we could mix it to taste but got the same runny crap. The bartender / waitress was oblivious to our request for better service, and by the time she was done ruining to the back, for anyyhing she needed, the oysters were getting warm due to the fact they were not served on ice. In my humble opinion ice should not be an issue for a restaurant/bar, this of course forced us to eat them quicker than we would have liked.Overpriced. Charges 2.50 for tea each that they offered us while we were waiting for our take out. I asked for a chef's special or Omakase and they completely acted like that's something undoable. Very weird service and for two plain rolls we paid over $40. We don't mind paying good money for sushi but the only reason we ordered here was a last minute thing to grab and we heard great reviews of this place. Lame, very very disappointedFood was good, especially the charbroiled oysters... ambiance was OK, nothing over the top... what set this place apart was the karaoke lounge. My family and I were vacationing in NOLA and knew nothing of the place... just hoping for some decent food in the Garden District.  I have to admit i was a little reluctant when our server suggested a karaoke room, but sine the kids seemed excited, I played along. Little did I know how much fun we'd have. We had a great time and enjoyed some great food. We'll be back next time we're in the area.Went here for lunch with the crew a few days ago. 
I ordered the sushi and did not regret it at all. 
The fish was delicious and fresh with minimal sauce so you could actually taste it. 
To top it off the spicy tuna IS NOT tuna puree.. its whole pieces of delicious tuna with great spice on it. 
They also currently have a lunch special that for around 8.50 you get 2 rolls (non specialty) and a miso soup! 
Can't beat that lunch price. 
The other things on the menu that the crew ordered looked amazing and there were no complaints from anyone. 
I will be back... especially for that lunch special.Ended up with a menu for Poseidon on our steps and decided to give it a try for dinner; however, would love to go back for lunch because the lunch special seems like a great value (2 rolls, soup and salad for $8.50).
We spoke to our waitress a bit and she said they have had a slow start, I am not too surprised, since there are so many well known places on St. Charles and Poseidon is a bit set back from the street. I'm sure they'll be packed just because of their location during mardi gras. Try it before then!
We had three rolls and they were all delicious. St. Patrick, Snow White and a Salmon Avocado. We also started off with the Sushi Tower.  I would highly recommend all of them. The fish tasted fresh, the rolls were large and moderately priced with different sauces - you didn't even need soy sauce.  Our waitress was new but made good suggestions throughout our ordering.
The one thing I will say is I'm not sure if they know what they're trying to be. The sushi was very good, and I think they could succeed if more people knew about this place as a sushi joint. The problem is they also have very random other things on their menu like shrimp pasta and a caprese salad.  Even the oysters are a bit random, especially when there are so many places around known for them.  Also as another reviewer mentioned, the boots are so strangely designed so you have to move them before sitting down - not a deal breaker especially if they aren't crowded, but awkward none the less. 
Give it a try! Stick to the rolls. Very good.We walked over to the Blind Pelican for some oysters, only to be told that they were out of oysters. What???? We searched for a walkable second altrernative and came to  Poseidon,. The charbroiled oysters here are REALLY good!  The drinks at the hotel indigo (our favorite hotel in NOLA) are much stronger and better, but I love having a place across the street for my favorite New Orleans delectable.Great for birthday parties!
I celebrated my 26th birthday here and had a great time! It's hard to reserve a place for over 20+ people but this place was perfect! I ordered all of my food ahead of time so that it would be ready by the time everyone gets there. We ordered a little bit of everything on the menu. The Yellowtail Jalapeno was one that stood out the most - the rest was mediocre. I wouldn't particular come for the food, but our service was awesome. Our waiter was very attentive to all our questions and needs. She thoroughly explained how the karaoke system worked. They also have an option of using CHROME cast, which is awesome because you can pick any song youtube to sing along to (no one in town offers this). The minimum for our room was only $300, which is easily spent among 20+ people. There was not a charge for cork fee, which is normally an extra $25-$30 per bottle. Again, the service and atmosphere is why I gave this place 4 stars! 
We had a great time, and will come back for more celebrations!We have been there several times.  Service is excellent, always friendly & food is great & reasonably priced.  They aren't real busy, which I don't understand as we always enjoy it & would highly recommend it to anyone.
,Overall, my husband and I had a pretty good experience.  The restaurant is nice inside and pretty nice atmosphere.  We went to this restaurant at about 9:45 on a Friday night, and it was virtually empty upon entrance. Our waitress was nice, although she wasn't able to give us helpful recommendations as we navigated the extensive menu. 
We settled on chicken gyoza to start - these were probably my favorite part of the meal.  We ended up ordering the st Patrick roll and the shrimp and steak hibachi.  I was largely unimpressed by our sushi roll.  Very little flavor.   Our hibachi was better. The shrimp was delicious,  but  we only received 3, so we had to ask for more. That was annoying.   The steak was pretty dry, so I wish we would have just ordered the shrimp. 
We also ordered a couple of drinks. The ginger margarita was VERY tasty. My husband ordered a rum and ginger ale, and he really enjoyed his as well.  
Overall, a good experience, but definitely room for improvement.Hands down one of the best sushi places I've been to. Being pretty picky about freshness and variety and this place did not disappoint. 
We ordered several things off the menu. Appetizers, entree, and sushi and not ONE item let us down. That's a rare find. 
Totally worth the $10 cab ride from French quarter to the garden district. 
They also have karaoke rooms but it was just my daughter and I so no need for this trip. The hostess was nice enough to feed our curiosity and show us the room anyway so we could plan a future trip for whole family.
Completely fresh and all around nicely done.Awesome delicious sushi.....ate here twice during Mari Gras....sushi chef Jacob is very nice and friendly!!!Let me start by saying I'm from Los Angeles. Why in the world would we try sushi in NOLA when we have some of the best sushi in the world? When your hung over and they deliver, that's why. Food was ok. Barely. Delivery took over an hour and a half even when we were just across the street. Delivery guy said he was lost. The address was missing a digit, but the name of our hotel was on there and again, we were just across the street!! Would I order again if hung over? No. Do I regret it? Not really. It did its job. Filled our bellys while not having to take a shower and get outI did not eat in the restaurant I ordered for delivery. The food was great, I really liked the online order system, and was delivered promptly.I ordered take out here.  I had the shrimp hibachi with steamed white rice and clear soup. To start the  clear soup was tasty!  The rice was very over cooked almost mushy as well as the shrimp and vegetables being over cooked. The veggies were mushy and had no crunch or snap to them.  The shrimp were not all deveined and very over cooked.  Now I know having my food in a take out box may cook it a bit more, this was past that point.  However the food was very tasty!  I would eat here again, but would probable dine in to see if there is any difference on the cook!This is the perfect happy hour place. $6.50 for a dozen oysters and very attentive bar staff. Also tried the tuna titaki and some sashimi, both fresh and melt in your mouth wonderful.The delivery was very fast and the sushi rolls are really good. Highly recommend shrimp tempura roll!I will start by saying that I am not a huge sushi fan- so I can only speak from the point of view of 'that person'. We had a private karaoke room, which was awesome! The server was extremely attentive to us! The spring rolls were delicious. As for the sushi, I even liked most of that! All in all, this is a great place to come and dine if you have a lot of time to get a room and relax!Threw my boyfriend a karaoke birthday party here and everything was perfect! The manager Danny is always super nice every time we come and the food, staff, service are always awesome!Amazing! It's my last day in NOLA and all I wanted was chargrilled oysters. THIS is the place to go! I inhaled my dozen oysters AND I even threw in a crawfish and avocado roll. Amen. Just AMEN!We went late, which I felt bad about but I also did not feel rushed. I ordered a dozen of the chargrilled oysters which came with lemons and grilled French bread! And I'm not an oyster fan, but I for sure am now! I also ordered a simple tuna avocado roll which was not disappointing. What wrapped up the meal for me was the Sex in the City roll! So amazing! The tuna literally melted in your mouth and their was this light crunch in the middle that that made it even more delicious. There was no need to add anymore soy sauce or spicy mayo because they had somehow figured out how to put the perfect portion on the roll! "Beyond satisfied" were my words to the server.Great tasting shrimp and crawfish boil. Wish we had more shrimp....but my heart thanks you for moderation. Bloody Mary was on point also.So im visiting NOLA from MD and my first taste of authentic gumbo was at the French market fell in love.....so in the search of fulfilling my new found gumbo crave I ordered delivery Poseidon gumbo sea ur him which they didn't have but politely called me and asked if I wanted credit or to get something else I chose there speacility rolls which are above the price of the sea urchin but was told I could still order it because they where out I also ordered the infamous char broiled oystassMy husband and I had a wonderful time with my family in one of the private rooms Left around midnight the next morning was very sick went to the ER We both had food poisoningWe walked across the street for dinner from where we were staying to Poseidon.  It had good reviews and we had an even better experience. Everything was delicious--My friend's salad with fresh ginger dressing, my hot and sour soup, shared charcoal roasted oysters, my wok basil shrimp and scallops and my friend's hibachi shrimp.  Each did was more tasty than the previous one.   Highly recommend!My son and I had lunch here and it was great.  I am very picky as to where I eat sushi but by far this place is good.  We had 4 different rolls and chargrilled oysters.
Service and environment was very pleasant.I come here with a fellow friend/coworker maybe once every week. Often times, maybe even twice a week. The service is hit or miss depending on which server you get, but my servers have all (so far) been at least very sweet. Some are forgetful and require you to ask for the same thing a couple times or they don't check on you for a while, but at least they're all nice. 
The food here, for the most part, is actually pretty good. I would say just stick to their sushi and raw oysters and to try and not get their more "Americanized" foods. Their gumbo left a LOT to be desired. It was green, goupy, and a lukewarm mess. Don't get it. However, their chargrilled oysters, sushi/sashimi are all pretty good. I've had multiple large rolls here, and they've all been great (specifically the Black & Gold Roll). Most of their entrees are pretty good as well. A couple noodle dishes are bland and just okay, but overall, you really have to come here for what they specialize in.
Also, they have really nice, clean karaoke rooms. I enjoy coming here a lot, especially since they close at 2am (on Fridays and Saturdays). My review is really 4.5 stars, but I figure why hurt a nice place with 4 stars when I can try and keep this place up with 5. Thanks, Poseidon.If I could rate Poseidon 4.5 stars (their current average) I would - but I can't, and 4 seems mean.  There's so much to like here. 
We were off to an auspicious start when the hot-and-sour soup arrived. I am resigned to decent h-and-s at best at Asian restaurants generally.  Poseidon's was therefore a big surprise, about the best I've ever had. Great meaty spicy broth, not too thick or thin, chock full of veggies and tofu. Wow. I went there for the fish after all. 
Everything else was great too. Broiled oysters were yummy as others have noted. Walnut shrimp was a standout as well, really succulent. 
Our waitress was a doll, cheerful competent and friendly. 
The prices were another pleasant surprise. Our check of $78 incl tax covered not only dinner for 2 but 2 brand name drinks and a beer. 
The only sour note was the 4 tables around us that remained unbussed and a mess from our arrival until the manager cleared them as we were leaving.  Not worthy of the place. But also not worth dinging them too badly given all they did right. 
Poseidon is worth a visit.Never had a bad experience at this restaurant. Food is always great and service is phenomenalWent here late at night and the sushi was ok, definitely nothing to write home about!  It didn't taste very fresh, service was exponentially slow, and the staff seemed distracted.  I would say that there are definitely better sushi places in NOLA.Loved atmosphere overlooking the avenue and the food was so delicious. One of my new favorites. Seafood, Sushi, grilled,fried and raw oysters and so much more.We had a late lunch and even later dessert so when it rolled around to 8 in the evening we wanted to grab something close-by and opened late. Poseidon was directly across from Avenue Plaza Resort where we were staying. We loved loved loved the place. Hubby was really reluctant to enter since the place was totally empty but I had my heart set on oysters so there was no turning back. We had raw and charbroiled oysters. Both were very good but I prefer raw. We also ordered tempura, sashimi, Mongolian beef with steamed rice and lastly the Hamachi kama. The Mongolian beef I could've done without but everything else was tasty and surpassed all my expectations. Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive (which is probably not surprising since there was only one other table there). We're already planning our next meal at Poseidon.Our trip to NOLA and our last stop for dinner, the foods was de-ish. Everything we order was super good. Afterwards, we karaoke until they close. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Thank you for ending our trip with some old skool sing-off. Until next time... Bye NOLA, its been fun.Went on a Saturday night. It was pretty sparsely attended. Ambience was mediocre, think bright lights, no music, and a loud periodic beeping from the kitchen. Prices were fair. Waitress was fine, but forgot two of our orders (which we didn't ask for after since we didn't want to hang out there). Food tasted alright, nothing special. 
It probably merits three stars, but what really set me off was the fact that it was polling at 4.5 stars with 35 reviews. Is this some sort of Yelp editing magic? This place was mediocre at best. Go to sushi bros down the street.I had a wonderful lunch date with a friend, the oysters and sushi taste wonderful 
The service is good and the view of st Charles was perfect 
I will be backProbably best sushi in New Orleans.  Exceptional bar -- bartender who has a solid command of mixing alcohol & flavors.  Very reasonably priced.  Broad menu.  Have heard about the char-grilled oysters & happy hour.  Will soon try both.  Overall, a new favorite........The front of house was excellent and all were very friendly and took great care of me.  The sushi menu wasn't very inspiring and the three rolls I had were small with little fish and rather mediocre in flavor.  The only item that seemed different from other sushi options in the area is they offered "Scottish salmon" which I'm not sure if it really is from Scotland or just how they describe it as it tasted like all other salmon I've had.  This might be the only sushi restaurant in the area to only have a regular bar and not even have a sushi bar.  I think they might want to give up on the sushi idea and focus on other seafood dishes.  This would be on the bottom of my list for sushi in the area and while it's not bad it just isn't as good as the other options.  The lagniappe grilled oyster I was given was the best thing I ate and it was well executed.We were staying at the hotel across the street and ordered carry out here on our last night.
Excellent food and very fresh and plentiful.  Between the two of us we shared the Calamari and General Tso's chicken (also a hot and sour soup came w it)  After eating our fill, we still had some left over.  Taste was very fresh and different from our Baltimore style but it was even better, it had an underlying taste of sesame oil.  
My only regret is that we didn't find them sooner.Wow, I am a real fan of Japanese cuisine and sushi and sashimi and Poseidon has to rate at the top of Japanese restaurants I have tried....if there was a rating 5+ this is my rating!  Fresh sashimi and quantity besides.  The raw oysters are the best.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I have only eaten there once. Excellent sushi and service. We were suspicious about eating here since we stayed right across the street and it was not busy at all, but we found out it just opened recently. We had four different sushi rolls and all were very good.Really liked this place.  We were staying at the hotel across the street and ended up stopping in 3 times, once for lunch, once for afternoon oysters & once for dinner while in town on vaca.  
Oysters blew me away (even by NOLA standards) raw were sooooo fresh, cooked ones tender and way tasty!
Sushi rolls at the bar for lunch special were fresh & well prepared.  
We actually had a steak (and more oysters) when we stopped in for dinner.  First rate.
Service was friendly &  prompt.  When the new waitress didn't get something perfect with my order, the owner was johnny on the spot and made it right.  Ended up visiting with the owner and had a lovely chat about  the challanges opening a new place in NOLA.  
Well worth your visit!This is a quaint new wonder on a St. Charles. The hubby and I had a date here the other day and had a PHENOM time. I want to go back with a group and rent the karaoke room. How cool!?!? 
The chargrilled oysters were FAB! The bartender made great specialty cocktails and it was empty. Hopefully the business picks up soon. I really don't like driving around for parking. Life SUCKS! If I get to the point of driving around for FREE parking for more than 10 minutes, I would go SOMEWHERE with parking like Waffle House. Parking all over the place there....We came for the chargrilled oysters and decided to pick up a couple rolls of sushi & two bowls of miso soup.  The oysters are fantastic! Everything was delish - me and my wife spent 10 days in Nola and eat over here 4 times.  If nothing else order the chargrilled oysters - they are so good!  One last thing - pls try the chocolate mousse for dessert - it's made in house and a great way to top of your meal! The staff (Mary & Donna) did a fantastic job taking care of us. I would definitely be coming back in when I come back to NolaI ordered an online to go order on a Sunday - Poseidon roll with added jalapeno.  It is a "signature roll" which means it SHOULD taste better than your take out sushi from a grocery store.  Sadly - I was very disappointed.  The portions were meager (8 small pieces), the salmon tasted "off", and even without the jalapeno it was $15 without tax.  I would have gladly gotten a to-go roll from Fresh Market if I knew this was the quality I was going to get.  For the high price, I would have also gone to rock n sake if I really wanted to satisfy my appetite. I will not order from here again.  They might have other good entrees but this is my togo order experience.Great Oysters! Great Staff! The white tuna with kiwi "Melonette Escolar" is very good! I'll definitely be back to try more off their menu. Ah and they have Karaoke rooms!Oh my god Poseidon definitely got better from the last few years I been there!
First off the karaoke options got a hella nice change - and now that you can connect it to your phone you can sign whatever you want!!! Thank lord Poisedon didn't charge per hour for the room! They only expected us to spend at least 150 which was easily doable. Compared to Daiwa Or Lil Tokyo I will def pick Poseidon for karaoke for the cost price.
Second the food menu isn't as big as it was back then - which helps with picking what to eat!
Third I'm surprise with the amount of vegan and vegetarian options they have! I was really worried they wouldn't have vegan options but they did. My waitress was so kind to even ask the chef about each item I asked her about to ensure they were vegan.
I got the aged tofu and I believe their vegetable ramen? I appreciated that they were not cheap with either the tofu or ramen! One order had like 8-10 pieces of tofu and the sauce that came paired with it was sooo good!!! That ramen/noodle was sooo fulfilling with veggies that I couldn't even finish it and had hella veggies still
Honestly I was with a big whole party and it was great that everyone enjoyed their food. The sushi looked so good that I was tempted to break my vegan life style lol. And lord the oysters looked so TEMPTING !!!
Our waitress was really attentive and we never had to ask her for more water or for anything; she constantly checked on us and brought it to us! I'm not gonna lie when I get a white server at a sushi restaurant I always get nervous, but she def knew her stuff!
Much love to Poseidon and our waitress.A delightful little spot we stopped by to have a drink at during the middle of the day on Monday. The place was mostly empty, but had nice decor and a hospitable bartender. I enjoyed the Pink Lady cocktail, especially with the $3 dozen oysters with purchase of another drink. The oysters were fresh and delicious, possibly the tastiest oysters I've ever had.Best sushi I've ever had!! I placed an order for delivery at 1215am...we received our food by 1235! They will definitely be my go to for delivery every time I visit!This blend of LA oysters and sushi is a winner.  I guess I should not have been surprised, raw oysters and raw fish are not that far apart.  The attention to freshness and quality which is necessary for good sushi make for tasty oysters.  
I was blown away by their char-grilled oysters, try some.Great Service, Fresh and unique Sushi options, and amazing martinis! I've been to all the sushi restaurants in the city, and this is my new found favorite!food was very good and a good value.  large, fresh sushi selection.  beer on tap local and inexpensive.  would go back though it was empty on a Sunday night.  Attentive servers.Holy moly!!!! I'm so thankful to find your establishment. Got to Nola with my family and was too tired to go out so we ordered delivery. I appreciate that food was very flavorful to fit my family's craving. First of all your hand spicy salmon hand roll tasted fresh and not a mediocre for portions. Also, ordered the Chargrilled Oysters (Amazing!!!!!!!! ) with Chicken Udon Soup and my 10 years old son are everything without a complaint. My 6 years old daughter killed the Korean Short Ribs with the chicken wing. I actually appreciated the Beef Fried Rice with Amazing Flavor! Ordering for a family of 4 without second guessing anything felt nice for once. Tab was about $60+ which wasn't bad for the amount of food that was brought and will order again for delivery any day. Thanks for everything Guys!There was a birthday party happening in the karaoke room in the back that sounded like a lot of fun! We sat in the front, though, and it was still relatively quiet. The food was really good! Three different sushi rolls (Rock-n-Roll, Sex and the City, and [I think] Sexiest Man Roll), chicken satay appetizer, shrimp fried rice, and hot sake. All 100% delicious! If you like sushi, you HAVE to try this place!Got food to go everything was on point. Good sashimi , big tuna pieces. Shrimp udon soup was great. Prepared well for takeout, all veggies and big shrimp in the bowl and the broth on the side. Veggies were fresh and big along with the shrimp. Definitely would come back next time I'm aroundAbsolutely phenomenal; from the atmosphere, service, food.... Definitely an A+! I've been here twice now and never have I been disappointed. 
Ask for the tuna collar (not on the menu).
Get fried oysters.
Sit at the sushi bar and just let the chef create specialties until your belly is full.
Order rolls.
You will be so happy with this experience!!!
Hannah, a waitress, is AWESOME! Fresh, friendly and knowledgeable!!! 
Yeah, Poseidon. 5 Stars *****This place has the best charcoal oysters in town. The are cheaper than other places and very delicious. We have been to both Acme and Felix but their oysters are not nearly as good.Definitely recommendDelicious sushi with... wait for it... PHENOMENAL oysters! Couldn't get over how tasty everything was! Also had a martini which was strong -- I was pleasantly surprised given how many establishments seem to water down mixed drinks lately.Ordered a variety as I just couldn't decide what I wanted lol.  All the food was very tasty!  The Spicy Crunchy was AMAZING!  And some of the best Crab Rangoon I have ever had!  Plus my delivery was fast...and FREE!  I'm new to the city...and this will be the first to be added to my go to list of places to order fromI was pleasantly surprised here.  The chargrilled oysters were among the best Ive ever had, and less pricey than many places.  The sushi is wonderful and very fresh.  Atmosphere is classy but casual.  Overall a great experience.It was late like midnight and we were hungry... so glad this pooped up as open.. i ordered clear soup and a sushi roll called tiger eye... my husband ordered general tso chicken ... Clear soup is just clear soup right ? Their clear soup was sooooo tasty. I can't eat rice so they made my roll with a cucumber wrap, it was soooooo good. 
Service was quick and friendly and the food was delicious! We will definitely return, especially when we are out late!