Nice coffee shop/lunch plate neatly tucked into the Hyatt French Quarter Hotel. The coffee is excellent- even though it's not chicory laden.
Seating is comfortable and nicely spread out.
In addition to breakfast, we had a mid afternoon brunch of a very nicely prepared and presented turkey sandwich.
You order at the counter and the food is brought to you by a waiter.This was an absolute gem hidden away in the Hyatt hotel. I stayed at the Hyatt so would come down here for a quick bite. I have tried their breakfast bowls and they are very delicious. The portion was huge and the price was right. Their soy lattes are pretty good as well. Also had lunch here one time and their oyster po boy was on point and super delicious. The best thing here are their beignets which are even better than cafe du monde. They were freshly made and I loved the strawberry compote that it was served with. I highly recommend this place, plus their service is super friendly!Powdered Sugar is located inside our hotel Hyatt Centric. They serve breakfast from 6-11am, lunch 11 til close and dinner after 4 til close. They don't serve alcohol so no mimosa in the am. We ordered breakfast sandwiches which were good.Ordered the 3 egg omelette and a double espresso. Friendly helpful staff. Even though place was busy,they didn't rush you through. The meal came out fast and was huge. Couldn't eat it all.  Great flavour and service.   Place was also clean and comfortable. Coffee was hot and strong and one of the better coffees I've had.I met my friend for lunch here since she works in the area. While we were there there were very few other customers. We ordered our food at the counter and took a seat. We both got burgers with cheese. They were pretty good but there was hardly any cheese on them. The fries were decent. The counter service was pretty good. The young lady seemed happy and was friendly and engaging. However we were not offered refills until we had finished our food. Also, the prices were high but I guess that's to be expected at a hotel. 
No major complaints here but I don't see any reason to return.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! 
I was in a hurry and asked how long it would take to make a breakfast sandwich. The worker replied 5 to 10 minutes. I order my sandwich, paid the bill, and came back 10 minutes later. I get back and tell the worker I'm waiting for my sandwich. The worker doesn't say anything. 5 minutes later I tell the worker that she had said 5-10 minutes and it had been longer than that. Then she says that they gave my sandwich away to another customer. I ask her how that is possible because I ordered specialities on my sandwich, to which she replies "I don't know, I'm not the cook, all I did was take your order." (No apology at all). I then ask for a refund because I have to go and am now already past the time I needed to leave. The manager comes over and says NOTHING (no sorry... no this won't happen again... no 'hi'), literally NOTHING. He does something on the cash register and then walks away (again saying NOTHING). The worker then comes back to the register and asks me to move to the side so she can help someone else. I ask her where my receipt is for my refund and she says she doesn't know. She calls the manager back over and he says they don't have receipts for refunds. He gives me a paper that says "Cash 0". I never got a sandwich or an apology. I will definitely NOT be giving Powdered Sugar anymore of my business. 
I'm assuming I'll probably have to dispute the charge with my bank.We are staying in the Hyatt so this place is our breakfast stop ... There is a nice little buffet breakfast for $9 but coffees and orange juice are pricy!Great little spot to grab a quick breakfast or snack while staying at the Hyatt. Love this placeMain grab-and-go restaurant in the lobby of the Hyatt, this restaurant actually has a surprisingly diverse array of food options.  I've stayed at the hotel a few times in the last year and have eaten at least a few breakfasts, lunches, and dinners here - it's especially convenient when leaving early or coming back late.  I also found the staff extremely friendly.Very good food!!! Super friendly staff!! Staff recommendation... Chicken panini. Was excellent. Get the sweet potato fries! Best I've ever had!! Shane that works in the cafe is awesome!!! Super friendly & welcoming!!!Ordered a standard black coffee here. Took one sip and couldn't drink the rest. Horrible tasting coffee. Maybe it was a bad batch but my sister got some the next day, no change. Didn't order any food. Review is just about the coffee.Very good breakfast sandwich. It was quick and not over priced. Right off bourbon street in a hotel. It helped to save some time because we were in a rush but not having to eat bad food.My family and I are staying at the hotel for a week and so far all of the food has been amazing. It is the only place we have breakfast and everything on the menu is incredible and filled with flavor. My favorite is the peitie pancakes and the grits. The staff is very friendly and attentive.Good waffles but the biscuits and gravy were just....overdone. interesting flavor..but not proper biscuits and gravy. There is no need to add fancy stuff to a staple.Overall good food. We liked it because we needed something quick but also wanted to sit down. The breakfast sandwiches were delicious! Donuts were good! The beignets are nothing to brag about though.First they no longer have the sausage biscuits. The petite pancakes are just medium sized and tastes uncooked. It wasn't raw but the pancakes stuck to the roof of my mouth and had a weird after taste. The  grits were actually really good but after paying over $37 for gross pancakes (my daughter's order) which she couldn't eat and neither could I, and basic eggs over easy, a dry English muffin, 2 sausage patties (was just ok) the place is pretty pricey. Oh, the small cup of OJ was $5!While staying on canal street we were looking for a quick bite for breakfast. Powdered sugar fit that bill.   It wasn't busy on a weekday morning and was easy to find near the entrance of the Hyatt. You order at the counter then find a table. Inside is bright and clean. 
We tried the breakfast sandwich, which comes with egg, meat, and bread (croissant, bagel, etc) selection. Pretty basic. I tried their beef broth soup which was served with some toast on the side. It was kind of reminiscent of French onion broth with a little five spice flavoring. The beef was tough and grisly and the noodles over cooked. I was impressed with my yogurt parfait which had a nice size and fruit, granola, yogurt proportion.
Overall, it was a more affordable and quick option for breakfast than many sit down places. Food was decent but nothing extraordinarily different.Food taste and quality are a 5 stars! But I almost gave 3 stars overall because the prices are high, the serving size is small and although the service was okay the person helping me did not seem all that happy to be there.
We were staying 5 min away and wanted a spot to grab breakfast to go. Powered Sugar is in the Hyatt and served breakfast until 11am so I ran over. Extensive menu and everything was prepared to order. Coffee was tasty as were the breakfast sandwiches and fresh fruit cup. But my sandwich, which I had made on a croissant, was actually on a mini croissant and I finished it in a few bites. I guess that's what you pay for to have a quick tasty bite in the French quarter. 
Overall a good option if your at the Hyatt or in the area but it won't be cheap!This place was a nice, mellow spot off the madness that calls itself the French Quarter: the adjacent bar has a sign off Iberville advertising cheap Skittle shots, but the drunks seldom venture inside.
The food itself was decent: it's possible to order from both Powdered Sugar and the adjacent bar (but avoid the bar food--nothing special...). The food was fresh-tastin', and we visited twice while in the area. If you're looking for a mellow place with a little class, give this place a try...Came for desert on a weeknight and got desert beignets and an ice cream po-boy.  The beignets were not good!  They were over cooked and stale.  Kind of seemed like they re-fried old ones that didn't sell earlier.  The $6 ice cream po-boy ended up being a packaged ice cream sandwich.... very disappointed by that, was thinking for the price it would have been homemade.  A personal size milk was $4.44.  I understand mark ups, but that is more than a gallon costs!  The two employees were not friendly at all either.  We were the only customers at the time and they forgot about us....Couldn't find the place!  It must be hidden. The address is not accurate. We gave up on trying to find it!Great service all weekend from the whole staff here! I'm told they don't usually have a buffet but they did this weekend (maybe for Bayou Classic?) which included the usual lineup of breakfast foods, coffee, and the best orange juice! Another day we ordered from the regular menu and had the oatmeal, a breakfast bowl, lox and bagel, and the pancakes. All were delish! There is also a small candy corner, coffee bar, and pastry selection if you're looking for food to go. Gotta admit, I shared a rock candy or two with the kiddos after a day of walking the city, a fun little treat on the way back to our room!Quality café in the edge of the French Quarter.
Powdered Sugar is a small café with large menu of breakfast, brunch, and lunch items, perfect for a quick meal.  You'll find sandwiches, bagels, wraps, burgers, and beignets available on the cheaper side, served quick.  And for those looking for some extra food, they also offer a breakfast buffet at a premium price.
There is limited seating area, but like every other establishment in the French Quarter, you can get your meal and coffee to-go, though they usually forget to include utensils.  
I sampled many of their breakfast dishes from their bagels with lox, yogurt parfait, and beignets served with strawberry and chocolate dressings.  All of them were delicious, flavorful, and well priced.  Their coffee, both iced and hot, come in bold flavors and wake you right up.
Powdered Sugar is a nice and classy way to get a small meal and coffee.Tried to get breakfast,  but was too late,  so got a coffee and a scone. Love the look of this hotel.  Also, very clean. They offer soy for creamer,  which was awesome.Not so good.  As vegetarians,  we were looking for a good salad.  This restaurant has build your own salad (5 options) for $10. The mixed greens had several rotten pieces and the tomatoes and cucumber were overripe also. We ordered the house fries because of all the great reviews, but were disappointed.  The house fries were really greasy, with an underlying taste of fish (which is not a good thing for a vegetarian), and extremely salty.  The ambience is very cute,  but the service was awful. Shane, the waiter/cashier, was very dismissive and rude.  During our order,  he rolled his eyes at us and sighed. When we asked for something for the salad,  he sighed again and got what we asked for.  It was obvious that he was either having a REALLY bad day or he hates his job.  I recommend you keep looking.  There are better options out there.Honestly, this was some of the best food we had in the French Quarter. We had at least 5 meals and several pastries, and they were excellent. You have to try their hand cut fries! Their panini and sandwich offerings cover a wide taste palette. They offer a fresh build your own salad for $10. Prices are on par with local trends. $8-22 Really friendly Southern hospitality.We stayed here at Hyatt and had the buffet which was great and only $12! We are here again with no buffet but we don't mind because the egg white with spinach, pesto and roasted tomatoes was delicious! The original sandwich comes with alfalfa sprouts. I asked for sautéed spinach instead and they did it beautifully!the sandwich was $10 but worth it! The service was great too! Especially Alvin!Great option for a quick, tasty Breakfast!
Coffee is great, and the staff was friendly and professional. Oatmeal was fantastic, as was the breakfast sandwich and the pancakes.  Intelligentsia coffee is great too.
Have to give a shout out to the GM of the Hyatt!  Not only does this place have a great quality to price ratio, but after running out of beignets, the GM went to Cafe Du Monde to get them for us.  Who does that anymore? One of the best examples of customer service I've seen in a while. Inspired me to be more customer focused in my own job. 
Probably staying there next time I'm in town.The biscuits and gravy was delicious. Biscuits were moist and buttery. And the gravy! Ohhh the gravy was mouthwatering with the andouille sausage. Good stuff. You have to try this dish.Delicious ! The staff truly is excellent and nice !
For breakfast I had the waffles. They were so warm, fluffy and delicious! I do wish the fruit served with it was fresh and not in syrup. 
I went there the next day for lunch and got the chicken panini and gumbo soup! I fell in love!! 
Definitely an easy and fast go to place.Great little perk to staying in the Hyatt. We had a sweet tooth and tried a red velvet cake from the case. Delicious and friendly service.Breakfast is typical Hyatt food, but with a twist - biscuits with delta gravy were really really good and not regular sausage gravy.  We also didn't want to leave for dinner one night and had a really good filet and a cajun cuban that was good.  Wait staff is really friendly and helpful - will even come out and talk to you about your trip when they're not waiting on other customers.  More friendly of a Hyatt experience than I'm used to at the larger Hyatts.Conveniently located inside the Hyatt French Quarter, good selection of pastries and breakfast food. The staff is very friendly.Ordered beignets to-go on the way to the airport. Sad to say they were rock hard, like as in I couldn't even chew them... No idea why they were like that. You might as well wait 3 hours for Cafe du Monde instead of coming here.Great place for breakfast.  Fresh hot coffee and great pastries.  We enjoyed the specials of the day.  The staff was pleasant and welcomed you warmly.Powered Sugar is a small restaurant located on the first floor of Hyatt Centric French Quarter, where we happened to be staying. 
It's a popular place for breakfast and wasn't terribly busy for a late dinner. Bonus!
I got the Naked Burger. The burger was great because I got to add my own condiments. I wasn't fond of my grilled stacked veggies (I was trying to eat healthier). I should have just gotten a normal side. 
The hubby got a 50/50 Po boy (oyster and shrimp) that was huge. It came with a side salad (way better than my grilled veggies). Good thing we share!! 
Although the wait time for our food was really slow, the food itself was fresh. Also, their condiment station for coffee, etc has a wide selection of offerings, including stevia for sugar. 
If you are in the French Quarter and looking for an air conditioned place to dine and beat the heat/humidity/chaos, Powered Sugar is a great choice!Excellent ambiance, decor and coffee. Tried the crab omelette which also was excellent. Great for a quick breakfast or coffee.Regular American food here.  
We are staying at the hyatt and went down to this place to get some sweets.
We tried the strawberry shortcake and was not disappointed.  They prepared it to order so when it got to us it was hot, gooey and delicious! 
we'll be sure to return to try some of their other food items :-)Ironically, it seemed like none of their desserts had sugar. The tiramisu was pretty dry, old, and bland. The cannoli was again pretty bland. Over priced desserts that we honestly didn't even finish.Yummy goodness!!  Had a delicious breakfast with a nice ambiance. Soft music was playing to enjoy while the food was being prepared. I also enjoyed the people watching. Even had a delightful conversation with a couple from Scotland sitting next to me. Will be paying a repeat visit.We stopped in for an after party sugar fix and were greeted by super friendly staff. Love was very nice and gave us awesome recommendations. Try the red velvet cupcake! I will definitely be going back.Stayed at the Hyatt Hotel and had breakfast here twice. I ordered the banana foster French toast and it was the best thing I've eaten in a long time! I told the waitress how fabulous it was and the Chef even came out of the kitchen to talk to us and I praised her on this dish. Coffee was good and the selection of breakfast items was enough to get us satisfied for the day ahead.This was my 2nd stay in this hotel, and second time having breakfast here. I was pleasantly surprised both times with the food. I travel every week, and have pretty low expectations for hotel restaurants, expecting mostly stuff that is just reheated. But this all looked freshly cooked, and while to pastries may not be made in house, they were clearly freshly delivered this morning.
I had a Prussian pastry, with a little chocolate on it, and it we as super flaky, and just the right amount of sweetness. I also orders biscuits & gravy that not only had a few slices of sausage in the gravy, but also had actual pulled pork in it too. It looked a little iffy at first, but tasted great. And the biscuits were perfectly cooked. Generally, biscuits and gravy end up with biscuits that are a little hard, but these cut easily and didn't crumble apart.
The only downside was I thought the coffee was just ok.
I will definitely eat here again on my next visit.This place was great! Definitely not your typical hotel food. The food was made-from-scratch and delicious. We ordered the Cajun Cuban (to die for) and shrimp po'boy. Their house cut fries are incredible!Located inside the Hyatt hotel, I found this place via Yelp on my way from brunch headed back to the hotel. I didnt want to go out of my way to get to the more advertised locations for beignets, so this place would have to do. 
I came Sunday morning to crowds od people getting ready to leave around 830. I zig zagged my way in to discover Powdered Sugar near the right front side of the Hyatt. It wasnt too busy or much of a wait to order. I didnt really see the menu posted not any prices, so I had to ask about the beignets. They said they sold them: 3  for $5 and for $20 maybe a dozen. Cant remember, but only needed to taste the beignets not have a sugar coma from them. They told me it would be a wait, but didnt specify how long. About 10 minutes later my freshly prepared beignets were ready with the chocolate and strawberry condiments all nicely packaged for me to go. I thought about waitinf until I got back into the city to eat them. but pastry doesnt keep well after traveling and possibly sitting out a day when it was hot, so I ate them poolside at the hotel before I packed up to leave. With a nice cup of coffee, I was satisfied--just desired a little more powdered sugar than I was given. As a result, I ended up dipping alot in the chocolate and starwberry  condiments, which was okay, but i would have preferred just the powdered sugar. 
A great way to end my trip in NOLA for the first time.My husband and I were guests of the Hyatt and came into Powdered Sugar at an in between time for lunch and dinner as we just got back from an excursion. We both ordered the make your own house salad and I got a side of gumbo. It was all delicious! The house salads were made with fresh ingredients and the dressings were delicious and not overwhelming. The gumbo was the best I had in NOLA! Would certainly recommend someone looking for a light lunch to check out Powdered Sugar.Had a cup of the gumbo here and was really impressed.  Food is delicious!  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the area.  Will be returning:)Great little place off of the lobby of the Hyatt Centric on Iberville. Probably the best little hotel dining establishment around for fast service and delicious pastries. The items they offer here pastry-wise are delectable and varied, and reasonably priced as well. I also had a really good yogurt parfait there that had an amazing nutty granola crunch in it and was generously sized and filled with delicious berries. The macarons are stellar, and you can't beat this little place if you are staying at the hotel and need to grab a quick bite.During our long weekend stay at the Hyatt Centric, we needed quick food the second morning and came downstairs to get breakfast.  The young lady behind the register was in the middle of helping what appeared to be a bridesmaid organize a breakfast for the next day, but asked her if she could take our order and return, not to make us wait.  So accommodating. We had the best fried egg with bacon sandwich on french loaf.  There's a full menu or buffet on Saturday. There are prepared meals to grab and go.In town working remotely for a few days. I went down to grab lunch and opted for the burger and fries, with bacon and avocado.
The fries were perfect, the burger had room for improvement. The patty wasn't seasoned at all, so I didn't really enjoy more than a few bites. 
My meal honestly only deserves three stars, BUT the staff was great and I hope to try a few other menu items before I leave. I don't want to leave three stars for missing salt, so make sure you keep the lack of seasoning in mind if you decide to go for it.We were so glad to find this little cafe in the hotel lobby!  After a few days of non-stop fried food it was nice to find something healthier.  It is clean and has a nice atmosphere.  Prices were good and although the menu is smaller there was still a good variety for the whole family to choose from.ONE OF THE BETTER HOTEL CAFÉS.
The good:
1. It's take-out or dine-in counter service. The dining room is neutral hued and similar to Miami's AA Admiral's Club.
2. The menu is offered from 6AM to 11PM; is extensive (pic) with breakfast, over 12 sandwiches, and full dinners.
3. Good quality: my Cuban Po'boy (pic) was filled with house smoked pulled pork and the fries were outstanding.
The not so good:
1. It's hotel pricing, about 25% above market. All sandwiches with a side are $14-$16. So with a beverage, tax and gratuity you are easily over $20.
2. It's counter service and the line can stall interminably since the cashier is also the barista. 
3. A pet-peeve: I'm 5'6 (& 9/16"!); the banquettes here are built way too low for me, making it an awkward stretch to reach a meal. So I was forced into the few chair seats (pic).A wonderful little hotel cafe with delightful service, and good healthy, and not so healthy choices.
Powdered Sugar has quality sandwiches, coffee, drink variety, breakfast choices and snacks.
We ate here a few mornings while staying at the Hyatt. It was easy, quick, and helped us start the day out right.
Thanks Sugar Shack. 
2016 #26Great if you have dietary restrictions!  Interesting menu & food was delicious.  They have a lot of dairy free & gluten free options.  Service was great & very accommodating to food allergies.I always plan my restaurants ahead when I travel, and this is one of the best breakfasts I've eaten!
This is a very cute and clean cafe inside the Hyatt in the French Quarter. I wish I knew my server's name, but lost my receipt. She was so nice and brought me everything I needed. She even went back to check and make sure the pecan pancakes were gluten-free. You place your order at the counter. There are many GF options. She put my coffee in a to-go cup so I could take it when I left. Very good coffee. The place was decorated for Mardi Gras and was just very cute. There is plenty of seating and it's very comfortable.
My food came out in good time, and I was so impressed. The side of scrambled eggs were some of the best eggs I've ever had! So buttery. I couldn't shovel them into my mouth fast enough, lol. 
I'd stopped and ordered pecan pancakes on my way down, but these made me realize how dry and bland the first ones were at the other place. These pancakes tasted like the real thing and the pecans had some type of coating on them that tasted like pecan pie. They also give you a jar of real maple syrup. I love that special touch. The bacon was perfectly crisp. The breakfast was just delectable. The quality of the food is VERY good. One of the best breakfasts I had in NOLA. I wish I could go back right now, but when I visit next Mardi Gras season, I will definitely be back!We ate here almost every day we stayed at the Hyatt. The first night it was out of convenience because they open at 6am and we were just getting in from a night out. The service and food were so good we went back. 
I felt their prices were a little high but not as high as normal hotel food. The time to make the food could be a little slow depending on the time of the day.
Everything we ordered tasted great. My favorite items were lunch or dinner items.Powdered Sugar is I in the lobby of the hotel.  Yesterday we had a very  nice lunch. The hotel bought because we had a problem. We had a few sandwiches And they were very good.  This morning we went down for breakfast. I had eggs plus on a bagel and my wife had an omelette with the trimming. 
All in all it was a good breakfast.
I would be happy to do it again.Rude staff, super slow. We ordered the Lox bagel ($13) from their "quick and easy" menu section and had to wait over 20 minutes! 
When we finally mentioned that we were still waiting for a bagel they gave us a plain bagel! Didnt pay $13 for a plain bagel. 
When we brought it to their attention we had to wait longer even though the toppings are all prepackaged, all they had to do was put it in a bag. When we grabbed the bag and left, they forgot the cream cheese! That's the essence of the dang bagel! 
The only good thing was the salmon was decent on the bagel. However, overall terrible experience, we were late to our backstage penguin passes at the aquarium because a quick bagel was like waiting at the dmv