This bar is Awesome, I love the decor,very inviting,old time , Russian.
 The selection of absinthe will knock your socks off. 
The bartenders were very friendly, would defiantly come back here again, and sample different drinks, but Ya gotta love Vodka.Yikes. They totally ruined the sweet, dark, decadent, wonderful Pravda I used to know. We brought an out of town friend here, forgetting that this spot had changed hands, and were really disappointed. Most of the decor that gave the place its unique ambiance is gone, the great soundtrack is gone, the bartenders we used to know and love are gone. Their once-stellar absinthe selection is mostly gone. I guess there is food there or something, but we didn't stay long enough to try it. 
This place is now just another bland, catering-to-tourists spot, and I'm really upset about it.Interesting bar. It was empty when we went in but it had a very cozy atmosphere. The drinks were cheap and it's a great place to relax and have a chat with someone. The decor in this place was really interesting. Everything to creepy paintings to mismatched lamp shades made this place stand out.I've been here maybe a dozen times?  It's a pretty gothy-feeling bar, that's for sure!  Very dimly lit maroon-colored with random Russian-esque art haphazardly hung about and small cutesy little courtyard in the back. 
You can get your absinthe fix here (although yeck, the stuff is foul!) or just stick to your regular spirits and beer.  I think they have all sorts of vodka here - that's their shtick?  That and their absinthe.  I vodka, hate absinthe - do you get what I'm trying to say here?
Anyway, the bartenders are typically quite friendly, the drinks really vary in alcohol potency, but I stick to the basics here.  I don't think they have specialty cocktails to the best of my knowledge.
I love sitting up against to the booth seating to the left and just observing the people ebbing and flowing from Pravda - usually younger hipster kids, pseudo-goth people, and sometimes older people set up shop here with their books and laptops (there are classic books available on the shelves here, should you feel a moment of bold literacy). 
There's free wifi here, which is good as my phone signal usually blows in here.  
I would say that it's never gotten REALLY crowded in here, so it's a perfect pre-gaming or post-gaming site.Must've stopped in here at the wrong time -- Mardi Gras. Since so many fools were acting like fools around the corner on Bourbon, Pravda was pretty laid back. Just what myself and a comrade were looking for at the time.
Bit of a disconnect though. The place was half empty, and the bartender wasn't really busy, but when I asked about any specialties, either that he made or house drinks, he totally punted. Not rude, just kind of lame. I didn't know a thing about the absinthe here until reading these other reviews. So I wound up with a pretty weak Jack & Coke in a sad little plastic cup. Buyer's remorse kicked in with the very first sip.
The interior was cool enough, but there's no shortage of places with a funky pseudo-dive vibe. Definitely preferred the R Bar and One Eyed Jack's(even more when it was Shim Sham Club) to this place. Oh well.Gotta' try and spend more time here - it deserves more than this middling review, but I didn't spend enough time there to say more!Great selection of absinthe. Male  bartender on Fridays is friendly as can be. Female bartender on Saturdays has an attitude and is unpleasant.I had great times at old Pravda and liked that joint.  This new incarnation has nothing in common with the bar formerly known as Pravda and I don't like it.  Another fancy cocktail bar that ignores the needs of beer drinkers with a very limited selection of overpriced beers.  There is nothing Russian or Slavic about this joint so the name makes absolutely no sense.  I have absolutely no reason to return to this establishment.The owner of this place is one of the biggest assholes that I have ever come across. Here's an example:
I went here with a friend of mine who was wearing an "old man" costume including a hand laid fake beard that I worked on for an hour. My friend had the NERVE to start dancing, so the owner grabbed his beard and ripped a chunk out of his face before physically throwing him out of the bar. 
I recently ran into the owner of this place (can't remember his name), and he insisted that his violent behavior was totally justified because my friend had "disturbed the other customers". Apparently, this idiot thinks that laughing and applauding are things people do when they are disturbed. He's a pretentious douchebag who moved here from some other state and thinks he knows everything about New Orleans.
So yeah, I guess this place is great as long as you don't try to have fun while you're there. Just sit at a table drinking shitty absinthe and try not to laugh or smile.Off Night? I really wanted to like this place and was pretty psyched about going and having a drink after the madness on Bourbon street.  It seemed to be all there - Vodka, dimly light, quiet, Fun kinda gothy decor.  - what's not to love? So we got all dressed up and headed out to sample the many delights at Pravda!. The problem was we couldn't get a freaking drink. The place was not busy - there were about 10 people in the place total inlcuding a bartender, apparently a waitress counting out her tips and a cook. DOn't know if the fact we were over 30 was the problem or what but seriously couldn't even get the bartender to make eye contact with us. After waiting about 10 minutes for an aknowledgment of our existence - And I mean literally - NOTHING - even though she saw is walk in - everyone saw us walk in there were only a few people there - we left. We eventually ended up back at Igor's Checkpoint Charlie - which I highly reccomend!What a cool place! It was late, we were hungry and though Pravda didn't have a menu, the bartender whipped out a binder full of places we could order from and have delivered to the bar! He recommended Coop's, next door. We had quite a few drinks, relishing the moody, glowing, velvety atmosphere. I love the back patio, quiet and mysterious, as well as the communist-era posters in the bathrooms! A few friends returned the next night for an Absinthe tasting and had a great time.Great chill bar in the quarter, it's never been crowded when I've been there and devoid of the drunk Bourbon street crowd. Nice Absinthe selection. Michelle is a great bartender, knows her classic cocktails.Excellent cocktail and absinthe bar. We came here at the end of an evening out. It was quiet, but the atmosphere was good and the bar staff friendly and chatty. They have some great cocktails.Stopped in tonight, and shocked to find what was once my favorite bar in the Quarter, completely changed.  Apparently, it's been sold to new owners and it's awful.  Everything that made this place awesome, down to the rugs, quirky lamps, and Russian decor, has been taken out.  It now looks like your run-of-the-mill bar that could be found in Anywhere, USA.  Terrible idea to sell, and worse idea to change the bar at all.  Absolutely pitiful.  You're better off heading to Molly's on the Market, a few doors down.Tracy and I walked here after Anaud's was closing. Hadi suggested we ask for Matt. He was sweet and helpful, as we didn't know the drinks on the menu (yet again!) but we knew we wanted faaaancy cocktails haha. The place itself was okay. We were tired and only stayed for a drink each but would have liked to venture outside. It wasn't crowded, which was nice and the other bartenders were very friendly. He took a lot of time to make our drinks and everything was fresh. 
I only gave it 3 stars because it was maybe a little too divey. So there drinks are on point but the atmosphere/decor could use some work.  I'd go back, though, and would recommend it if you want a delicious cocktail.I'm hovering between and 3 and a 4 star review, but i'm going with a 4 because i have a feeling that if i had come here for more than just a single drink (that i wasn't too thrilled with) i would have been more impressed! The Soviet-inspired decor was super rad, and although i was a tourist, i came to NOLA to see friends and unwind- Bourbon Street and it's crowds are not my cup of tea- so this place was a nice find.
My bf and i were on our way to Siberia to see a show when we strolled by this joint, and it looked so neat we HAD to go in, even if we only had time for one drink. We both enjoy the occasional glass of absinthe, and we were happy we had found a place to have some without going to Bourbon Street. Our waitress recommended one to us and we enjoyed the novelty of watching the absinthe fountain. Unfortunately, it was at this point that we realized we've been spoiled by getting absinthe from Europe, so we both found our drinks a bit lacking. Actually, they tasted really sweet, like Ouzo. (it definitely didn't need that sugar cube melted into it!)
If you have never tried absinthe then i would recommend you go to Pravda! to try it, but if you're used to the more bitter taste of European absinthe, check the bar out for it's rad interior and chill atmosphere but just get a cocktail!After witnessing the trash on Bourbon street, Pravda was a nice change of pace. 
I loved the multi-layered red theme, and the fact that I could choose between several kinds of absinthe to drink. 
Great music choices here and a great place to chill out.I love this this place! You love Vodka - you don't saaay?!?!  A list of Vodka to try! Pravda also has a decent selection of wines at a reasonable price. This is not your typical French Quarter bar full of loud obnoxious music and people.  This is a bar to chill with friends or a romantic setting for two, if you prefer.  I love the ambiance here - a dark and sexy vibe!  Of course, I've only been here at night.  Pravda's Courtyard is the "best keep secret" in the Quarter.  A dim red lit courtyard on a full moon night is an awesome place to end an evening.Visited again (several times, actually), and I'm sticking with four stars. They've removed all of the ornate red velvet decor, so now it feels a bit more divey and minimalist, which I kind of like. Bartenders are really friendly; we went two separate times on our most recent trip, and had two different bartenders, both of whom made us feel extremely welcome, and were also really knowledgeable, not only about booze, but also about New Orleans in general and provided excellent recommendations for other places to check out. It's a great place to go for absinthe, though they also have a short, but very-well thought out cocktail list. I wish I remember what exactly was in the gin-based drink with an absinthe rinse I ordered, because it was really quite good, and perfect for people who who enjoy absinthe, but don't really like it on its own.This is THE bar to go to if you like absinthe. They've got the whole mixing apparatus thing, and it was really fun to watch the bartender make my husband's absinthe. I've never liked absinthe unless it's in a cocktail, but maybe I just hadn't had it done right, because his was smooth and drinkable. Since it was unseasonably cold outside, I wanted something to warm myself up, so I went with an Irish coffee, which was average, but hit the spot. The bartender was knowledgeable and friendly, and the ambiance was pretty cool. Kind of reminded me a bit of Russia House in DC, lots of red velvet and stuff.An excellent bar to get away from all of the tourist trap bars of the quarter. Decorated in red/black with tons of paintings/pictures with a Russian style theme. It's just dark enough with red lamps dimly lit. The vodka selection is amazing. I had a ginger vodka and could have probably tried many more varieties had there been more time. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. I will definitely be back on my next trip to nola and will spend more time at Pravda!My last stop on the tiny New Orleans weekend tour! Totally a winner. We had just been at Arnauds French 75 but they were closing so with suggestions in hand from the previous bartender we ended up here. The place was a bit of a walk from Arnauds but put us closer to our hotel so it was all good. It was easy to miss, dimly lit, pretty quiet inside. It was quiet overall maybe 6 or 7 people in there but that was kind of what we were looking for. We asked for Matt as instructed, he was delightful. Super informative again about our lack of drink knowledge. He explained what they had to offer on their standard menu (thanks yelpers for posting the pics cuz I totally forgot the drink I had). My friend ordered a Maitai and I ordered the Day's eye. He was like fancy dancer artist chef making the drinks. Very skilled or so it appeared. Then he handed the drinks off and literally as he was putting them down he realized he made her the wrong drink...a Sunday under glass instead of the Maitai. So he said on the house and he would make her Maitai. We casually sipped and enjoyed our drinks, chatted up with the bartenders and then decided it was time to depart sans Maitai. I think he was a little disappointed but we were just shot. Both the drinks were very good. Mine was tequila based with grapefruit juice and pine liquer, which sounded kind of eh but I figured whatever just try it, it was very subtle and delish. Her drink was tiny but also delicious, gin, cinnamon, a few other things but the cinnamon was really tasty in it. I almost wish we had checked this place out the night before too but that's ok now we have somewhere fun to come back to!
If you want to chill with a finely made drink def come here!One of the few places in town that invites you to dance with the green fairy. This establishment was highly recommended by La Maison d'Absinthe, and they should know, right? Their selection of absinthe was respectable, with selections from France and Eastern Europe. They also seem to subscribe to the French Ritual, which makes absinthe much more enjoyable. The bar was dark and slightly gloomy in a sputnik era kind of way, which was a welcome respite from the bright lights and cacophony of Bourbon Street.Mother Russia, rain down down down. Oh, so delightfully spooky!  Decked out in red & black like a tres gothique parlor in some ancient mansion littered in memorabilia, Pravda is a relaxed and friendly lounge. I only stopped in quickly, but it seemed the price for my Abita & shot of Jim Beam was decent.
What especially delighted me about this space was the huge stonework courtyard out back.  On a chill Saturday, before the night is in full swing, you can have seat and make a phone call to someone special.
And you need to use the restroom at least once just to dig the neat locking mechanism.  If you should manage to get sufficiently drunk that you can't operate a normal doorhandle lock, at least you should be able to get out of the restrooms here... but really, this isn't a place for getting that kind of drunk to begin with.This place was recommended to me by my server at Napoleon House. Went there on a Saturday night around 11pm. The place was not crowded and had a cool, dark Russian vibe. My friends wanted to try absinthe served traditionally. We can't get it that way back at home, so we were kinda unsure about the whole thing. I would have given the place 5 stars, except the bartender was not so great. She was very impatient with us as we were asking her about the different absinthe selections. I could understand if she was busy or if we were holding up other people from ordering, but there was no one else ordering. But all in all, the drinks were great, prices were reasonable. It was a nice change of pace to Bourbon Street, and had a lot more character.Right off the bat you notice a quieter, more relaxed atmosphere compared to the rest of the bars in the French Quarter and Frenchmen's street. The main bar is decked out in Soviet kitsch, while the back patio is secluded and quiet. 
The drinks were well made and reasonably priced for being absinthe and whiskey. I would definitely head back to Pravda! on a regular basis.it was just a 3 day weekend visit, but i ended up finding this bar to be the best check point for my entire stay. it's chill, mellow, roomy, and right on the way or in the middle of everything else to do.
always a place to sit, relax, get a good drink, smoke a cigarette, recuperate. perfect meet up spot as well. great bartenders, nice little back patio area for sunset drinking.How have I not reviewed Pravda yet? This is my go-to bar in the French Quarter. Locals love it, my out of town friends love it. Good absinthe selection, reasonable prices on wine, great vibe. Cozy courtyard that is perfect in good weather, and always, always good music. I wish there were more places like Pravda in the quarter!Classy absinthe bar, that serves a full range of other drinks as well. It's a gem on Decatur.I can not recommend this bar enough to those of you who enjoy a quiet bar, with good drinks, and a well-themed, calm atmosphere.  Like an oasis in the noise and mediocrity of the French Quarter, Pravda sits ready to provide you with a space to relax and unwind.  The bar selection is well-stocked with regular and exotics - and the bartenders have always been ready to offer new treats.  But, other than the lush Russian decor, the real magic is the new menu, which changes every night and starts about 5pm.  The food is so good, it often runs out early, so if you are interested, then make this your first stop.  The perogies are indescribably beautiful.  Made from mostly local ingredients (within 100 miles) and all from scratch, I have yet to encounter dough ao light and filling combinations so well paired.  The strawberry ones were a fantastic ending to a beautiful night.
I must repeat myself - I can not recommend this bar enough to those of you who enjoy a quiet, beautiful bar to unwind in and enjoy a fantastic dish with a good cocktail.  I wish we were local and could visit every week and bring a book and stay for several hours.This bar, next to Coop's Place, was a friend recommendation. he said it was the new "place for people in black". While on my brief stay in New Orleans, we went both nights we were there.
The decor is brilliant. Very pre-Bolshevik Revolution Russia, with odd little paintings of the Russian royal family and Rasputin on the walls, as well as a few propaganda pieces. There is a lot of red, and it works well to make this place stand out from other bars in NOLA. The courtyard in back is quiet and quaint as well as very large. The patrons do seem to be on the "goth" side, but not in a way that would be uncomfortable to non-goth people. This ain't no stompy industrial club and no one was releasing the bat inside either.
The patrons were actually very nice, laid back, and interesting. The music was wonderful, very relaxed. If i lived in NOLA, i would become a regular here. Well, except for the drink prices.
And that's why i didn't give it 5 stars. The drink prices were way over priced, especially for the fact that the selection on the liquors was pretty bland. Their best gin was Sapphire (my boyfriend is going through a gin and tonic phase right now, and while sapphire is ok, he was hoping for something a little more sophisticated.) They didn't stock Monopolwa vodka, which should have been a given with the decor of the place. A polish or russian potato vodka should always be on hand at a place decorated in the Russian style. Not to mention, it's good and it's cheap. The price of an Imperia Vodka and soda was something like $10. Seriously?
Anyway, even though the absinthe we tried was $20 per glass, it was worth it (to me, maybe not to my boyfriend) to have such a good absinthe (Francois Guy Absinthe) for the first time and prepared the old way with full on sugar cubes on the absinthe spoons and dripping water to melt the sugar.
This is definitely not a place for people who think Bourbon Street is awesome and come to New Orleans just to get wasted. Don't come here if that's the kind of person you are, you will get made fun of, and rightly so. If you want to go to a relaxed place that serves good (though pricey drinks) and have a great people watching experience, I'd highly suggest you come here.My husband and I happened to be down in the French Quarter and popped in for a drink and a snack.
I get a little sick of the French Quarter scene because it feels like a tourist trap.. but this place somehow works.
I love the decor, reminds me of some of my dark L.A. friends..  the ones who I attend poetry readings and talk about kinky sex with.
A vodka bar.. how perfect!
They serve Framboise Raspberry beer which is so rare in a bar! I only know 2 places in NOLA that serve it and one store that carries it. 
I got my framboise and the "stinky grilled cheese" and sat back and enjoyed. The grilled cheese was pretty good I must say. Not the best in the world.. but good.
Really quaint and likeable.
Maybe it was an off night, but I found the staff was a little unfriendly or impatient with us. The girl even slammed the drink down with an eye roll. Perhaps they
thought I wasn't cool since my hair wasn't dyed black.. but hey lady.. I still dye the hell out of my hair. Give a sister a break.. I know all about the Dresden Dolls and their Coin Operated Boys, despite my bleach blonde hair and preppy husband! 
But seriously.. maybe that's just how the French Quarter is.. they treat everyone like a tourist.. still kinda dig this place!New Orleans is most certainly another world.  Within it lies other worlds, of which this bar is one.
This place is like stepping through a portal back to an old bar in Eastern Europe (old establishments in Prague comes to my mind): the place oozes a sort of Russian intellectual coffeehouse ethic.
The bartender recommended an excellent vodka from their superb array for a martini, and I saw a nice selection of absinthes to choose from.  That martini?  One of the best I have consumed.  Ever.The ambiance is not as good as the old Pravda but the drinks are much better. Excellent seasonal cocktails.This is where my friends and I went after the fireworks display for New Year's Eve. We were able to get a table and enjoyed a couple of drinks. My friend got me a drink and he told the bartender something like give us something sweet and fruity, and a few minutes later, I was sipping on something that tasted like blueberries.
We went over to Turtle Bay and got some wings from there, but from looking at other reviews, it looks like I'll have to try the food at Pravda as well.
I am a Russian speaker and really enjoy the writings on the wall. I love that there is a huge sign that says "gde tualet?" (I tried to insert the Cyrillic here but Yelp wouldn't let me) in the direction of the bathroom.Such a neat little place! I got the cheapest absinthe and it tasted pretty weird, should have gotten a bloody mary instead. The mixed drinks were decently priced and pretty strong. They even gave us Krewe De Gras cups to carry drinks out with us.
Overall, very awesome ambience in this bar and I'd drink here again !!I had my first absinthe here. I had always wanted to do it the "right" way, so I chose Pravda. I chose wisely! While the absinthe wasn't really my thing, they had TONS of vodka to make me happy. They had vodkas from places that I did not even think had vodka! 
Whenever I visited, there weren't a ton of people, which made me content to hang out. I love the Russian theme and enjoy the old movies that are played on TV. I insist to take everyone I know here to visit when I am in New Orleans, and they are thankful that I did. I'm still surprised that this gem is in the French Quarter, but happy it's easily accessible.This is one of my favorite bars on Decatur Street.  It's usually dark and calm inside, even if it gets crowded (which I've rarely seen), and there's a great patio out back.  Obviously, it's a great place to go if you're into Vodka, given the whole Russian thing, but the bar has an interesting selection of most types of liquor.  
Pravda also happens to be a good place to bring your laptop and do work, if you're the sort of person who likes to work at a bar, because they've got both wi-fi and easily accessible electrical outlets near most of the tables inside.Anyone who knows me knows that I love good vodka. Pravda said they had 50 kinds of vodka, so I had to try it out.
I really wish they had a list of their vodka stock, because I couldn't really see all the bottles they had out. I did spot a bottle of the almighty Reyka in their stock, and between the three of us that were consuming vodka, we cleaned them out of their Reyka (which was only that bottle, but still). 
The atmosphere was awesome; very chill, very relaxed. That's something I really needed after all the activity on Bourbon Street. My sister, my boyfriend, and I sat on the back patio sipping our vodka drinks and playing Scrabble and it was wonderful. My sister's boss showed up at some point and probably thought we were major nerds. (He's probably right.) 
The place is probably considered some sort of Goth bar because they were playing Peter Murphy and such and serve a wide variety of absinthe. I don't know if it was any of the "good" absinthe because I am definitely not a fan, but you can come and judge for yourself. I saw them set a drink on fire for someone, and that was pretty cool. 
I think what they really need, though, is an extensive martini list. That way they could make use of all of those tasty vodkas. 
Next time I come to town, I hope they'll stock some Krol vodka for me, because that stuff is the best. There will be a next time, oh yes.Loved it! Awesome and friendly staff, great drinks, beautiful patio...can't say enough great things about this hidden gem.I like this place, but the bartender was really horrible.  She was totally rude to everyone she served and took forever.  If they hire someone better suited to the service industry I will definetly go back, but until then, not so sure...As a tourist, I was getting tired of the bourbon street trashy places and was relieved to find this gem. I found the prices to be decent, but then again I live in New York where a drink can cost you an arm and a leg. The decor was really awesome and my boyfriend (who is part Ukrainian) and I had a fun time deciphering the Russian words.Awesome place that we stumbled upon near Frenchmen street! Loved the interior, the drinks and the outside patio.If you're looking for a top notch cocktail, you must stop by. I came here based on the recommendation of another local bartender and oh boy, was  everything spot on!  
Beautiful list of drinks with amazing and unique ingredients. 
Nice bartenders who kept the conversations around the bar going and also gave out nice recommendations (Iris & Revolution). 
I would say that even if it's out of your way, that it's worth a stop.  The bartender also mentioned that it would turn into a rum bar soon, but I'm sure it will maintain the classy level of drink offerings.There is a rule that every major city aspiring to some measure of cultural life must have at least one Soviet and/or Cold War communism themed bar within its boundaries. 
Thus we have Pravda, an exceptionally skillful take on the form, and with several interesting observations encoded in itself.
Firstly, the luxurious salon/boudoir/cabaret decor (which contrasts with more bleak and industrial takes on communist kitsch, such as Sputnik in Brooklyn), can be seen as a deconstruction of Western, capitalistically-rooted idealizations of communist ideology. The plush red velvet and (delicious) absinthe stand in for a tradition of European radicalism keen extol the merits and cultural power of communist tradition, while blind to its tragic humanitarian failures. 
Like Sartre, de Man, and other radical luminaries, you too can sit in a plush space and bemoan the hegemonic influence of global capitalism while kicking back a wide selection of imported aperitifs.
The beautiful back garden, surprising in its openness after the warmth and intimacy of the bar space, is a reenactment of the primitivist spirit behind fantasies of collectivist social organization. The passage from the refinement of the indoor space to the splendors of nature reenacts the desired dismantling of social constructions at the heart of communist nostalgia.
This is also where the john is.Hot damn-this bar is a breath of fresh air on Decatur in the hustle bustle of the quarter!!! I had received a message from a fellow Yelper after my previous trip about Pravda and had planned to go ever since. My plans were further strengthened by a recommendation by my friend Holly. 
Beautifully laid out, impressive selection of spirits including, of course the veritable array of absinthe, and very cool staff - this place simply rocks. I absolutely loved the Russian theme via a dark alternative-ish vibe. 
The only thing that would've made the experience even better would have been to have our usual gang of suspects there with, spending the day drinking and chatting. 
Pravda is a must when you are in the wonderful city of NoLa!Pravda recently changed ownership. It's supposed to become a rum bar, which is much more right up my alley.
I heard of the change-over coming soon (rumors are before the 2013 Carnival season), so I wanted to go check it out the before picture. It's a sparse space. Really nice bar, good bartenders and service staff. The cocktails weren't quite my cup of tea. It;s a good start, and I'll be glad to see a more rum-based drink menu.what the efffff,maaaan!?!?!
new ownership removed all the old antique furniture and Soviet stylings that made this French Quarter haunt so appealing.  BOOOO!
Very disappointed in that.  The drink selection remains good, but the ambiance has totally changed for the worse hereI am so bummed that there's no place like this in my home neighborhood. Fantastic ambience, with a beautiful courtyard in the back, and a great selection of my favourite drink: absinthe. The bartender definitely knows his absinthes. I was thrilled to see that they carry St. George, my personal favorite, and found a few others that I'd be willing to drink again. The bartender, Dmitri, was incredibly friendly and kept up a nice chat for the few hours we were there. If I lived in the quarter, this would be my regular haunt.I want to love Pravda...I thought I did...but like a love affair gone wrong, this place has made me change my heart and change my mind....
After a prior trip to Pravda with a meetup group, I suggested this place as somewhere to go to my friends while wandering the Quarter on the Friday before Mardi Gras. We were in costume, which may have thrown them off (but seriously- it's the Friday before Mardi Gras- it's not actually that weird for people to be in costume)...
Nonetheless, half of us went in and grabbed a table in the courtyard while the others were still outside. We wanted to wait to order our drinks until the others got inside. The kitchen had unfortunately just closed (it happens- no fault on the kitchen staff or anything there) so we were just sitting waiting for a few- perusing the drink menu. When our friends came in, two of them had drinks in hand from another bar.
Now- there's a right way and a wrong way for a bar to handle this. Pravda chose the wrong way.
A guy from the front came up and told us we had to leave. Period. 
The right way would have been "Excuse me- we don't allow outside drinks, so you'll need to throw them away or finish them outside first."
The wrong way was to be a jerk and escort us out. No option to throw out the drinks or for the two people in a party of 7 to go outside for a few more minutes until they were done. 
So yeah, EXTREMELY rude staff. 
The risk of accidentally breaking Pravda's unposted rules and getting shamed by the staff is NOT worth the pretty courtyard.My friend Scottie told me to check this place out and I loved it here!  We cut the visit short when we asked the bartender if we could buy tshirts and he told us to come back tomorrow and ask the person working that night.  Bartender wasn't very social, but the decor and the design of the place made us care less how social he was.
We never did get that tshirt... if anyone has any connections, please hook me up!  =)I went here on April 9th around 10:30pm.  There was one bartender for the entire relatively crowded bar, and he was quite slow.  I waited for 10 minutes do order a drink then I left.  If the management isn't interested in serving people, why run a bar in the first place?Um...yeah.
Not gonna really be able to say what hasn't already been said.
 Awesome place.  Absinthe, if you want it.  Good priced beer, which is always a plus (I'm probably a rarity, since I don't drink hard liquor).  Good crowd.  Great atmosphere.  Go if you just want a drink.  Go if you want to make friends.  A win either way.
They have an awesome patio out back that is dark and secluded and a great place to sit and chat when the weather is nice.
This place appeals to me because it's one of the more low key places on Decatur.I'll be glad to see this bar sink into a (white) Russian sunset. Waiting with baited breath, as the new owners go through the backstock of vodka and absinthe before they give the place a name change and new direction.My friends and I stopped in here because they wanted absinthe. This place had a nice little crowd but there were tables opened and we managed to nab one. There were two options for absinthe, $12 or $30 and went with the cheaper shot. Three of those and one Turbo Dog ran us up to $40, so we only stuck around for that one drink, but it was worth it. 
We wandered to the patio, which was deserted because of the wind but I could tell it would be a great place to hang out. I love patios/outdoor spots of any kind and this one had this eerie red lighting that was eerily inviting from the inside. 
Service was excellent, too.The main time I end up in this joint is during the Krewe of Kringle and they generally have kegs for us before we begin our "march."  This is a decently cool bar with a nice little courtyard in the back.  I've heard talk that they are going to ruin this place and try to make it some swanky cocktail bar and ruin the great ambiance by beginning to go all high dollar and run the locals off.  They are alleged to have plans to transform this place into a "rum bar" which means they will probably be killing off the Russian theme.  Will it be transformed into yet another overpriced and pretentious cocktail/gastropub place I don't frequent because they have a crappy selection of beer?  We shall see...My favorite hangout when I spent a week last month near the Quarter.  Happened upon it just by chance, peered in and loved the decor/vibe, and had my first drink in New Orleans.  Reminded me of a dive bar with lots of red lights and a great courtyard in the back in Austin that I often went to called Casino El Camino.  But yeah, with a Rasputin-y revolutionary theme that was way cool.  It's also an absinthe bar, with all the antique-looking instruments and utensils.
The pastry chef likes to create little $1 cupcake bites and such for late night drinkers.  We had some festive St. Patty's day ones and got to talk like food nerds with her for quite some time, but admittedly they were a little dry - probably because they cooked so quickly due to their small size.  Quick and easy adjustment, I'm sure.  She had a lot of neat ideas.
We came back every night to this place before heading to the apartment we rented - it became our "neighborhood bar" slash hangout.  It was also our first stop before going out at night.
Also learned that every Sunday during crawfish season, they do an all-you-can-eat crawfish boil in the back courtyard for only $15.  Man.The bartender used the same amount of water in three completely different absinthes. This made one of the absinthes (which had a very different proof) very watered down. Her method had nothing to do with examining the louche (cloudy coloring that happens when adding water), and everything to do with if the sugar cube was dissolved, even if it hadn't been placed properly under the water. 
On top of that, she was unable to make a recommendation to me, even though I'd told her money was no object and what my favorite previous absinthes were. She just rattled off the price point of a few different drinks and left me to my own devices. 
The ambiance was better than most French Quarter bars. But I would have much preferred to get some expert assistance in choosing the absinthe, or at least be allowed to prepare my own drink properly. At least she didn't try to light my drink on fire.I hesitate to write a review of this place, just because I adore it so much it kind of hurts to share.  Pravda is one of my favorite places on the entire planet to get a cocktail, mostly because it's dark, cosy, quiet(er), and there's always somewhere to hunker down and have a great conversation.  It's a fantastic place to grab a vodka martini (straight up, 3  olives, just a tad dirty), and though I've yet to try their eats, I've heard their menu is full of delicious nibbles.  Maybe next time...Yes, this bar is in transition, but in the meantime it's a friendly, lively spot that still has tons of French Quarter ambiance and a courtyard that I'm looking forward to spending the warmer months in (I love being able to go places where my friends who smoke can be accommodated.)  The lights are low, the music isn't too loud to talk over, the bartenders are attentive and know their stuff, and the cocktails and booze selection are excellent.   Even though it's not completely evolved, I'm very happy to have this place in my neighborhood and consider it one of my go-to spots for meeting friends.Ever get overwhelmed by ostalgie? "Of course you can't, Joi, you grew up in the ol' US of A, safely thousands of miles away from the Eastern block, while your relatives were surviving the aftermath of a cold Prague Spring.
But, but... I totally *get it* just like I may be prone to yearn for times of the plague and consumption and I wasn't around for those either. 
Pravda offers up the Soviet chic in droves and I love every ounce of this place, from the dark red furnishings and communist chic (reminds me of KGB Bar, or perhaps a club car on the Orient Express) to the DJ nights to the lovely courtyard. 
I didn't look at (or see) a cocktail menu, but we came here for a decent selection of absinthe and Pravda did not disappoint. The bartender didn't do the lighting the sugar cube on fire BS that some do, a surefire way to wreck a good louche! Be aware, a decent absinthe will cost you 17-20 dollars, which I think is a bit much, but a little goes a long way. Just be lucid enough to avoid that Lucid crap (their absinthe is infused instead of distilled) and you'll be fine.Praaaavda.  A dark, skulky bar in the back of the French Quarter where you pound fine vodka and wear babushkahs.  I kid.  But it is Russian (think Ivan the Terrible, not Gorbachev) and dark and quiet.  I effing love it.  So do my parents.  Whenever they come into town, we always end up at Pravda.  My mom and dad have been coming to New Orleans on the reg for 10 years now and are less than impressed with the overweight tourists from Floribama showing their tittays for Bacardi Gras blinky beads.  We need order.  We need class.  We need fascinating conversation. And evidentially, we also need absinthe and an Irish coffee (both of which can be found at this fantastic establishment).
Is this a 5 star bar? Nah, probably not.  But heavy usage has turned it into one of my all-time favorite hangouts in the Quarter.  With an atmosphere as rogue as the Red Army and hospitality enough to melt a thousand Siberian winters in even the most Soviet of hearts...I even bought my mom a gift certificate here for Christmas!quick quiz
i like my bars to:
a) hang paintings of creepy, wide-eyed children to stare at me while i down my booze
b) serve several kinds of vodka 
c) employ bartenders who judge me (you know, cause i'm a little masochistic)
d) make me think that communist russia is still operational and/or stalin will jump out of a dark corner at any moment
e) draw an eclectic crowd that is good for people-watching
f) all of the above
if you chose any (or all) of the above, then pravda shouldn't disappoint you. 
oh and if you have that non-alcoholic friend in town, and you don't know what to do since you're going into DTs, never fear! pravda serves coffee.Nice selection of absinthe served with all the trimmings. Bar service however sucks. Bad attitude and slow as hell.  Nice  decor ,sort of post Bolshevik and all.  Dont care for the Goth wannabe clientele.I had the pleasure of going to Pravda!  last summer when the band I was on the road with was briefly marooned in NOLA for a few days.  As luck would have it, one of the members ran into some old friends that recommended that we check out this cool, new, russian inspired bar in the quarter.  I believe we went on a Sunday night and there really weren't many other people, so we had our run of the house.  The bartender, Michelle, was really friendly.  We were completely in awe watching her make absinthe drinks for us.  Give Pravda! a try if you're in the neighborhood and you're looking for more than just a grab n' go cocktail.It can't be overstated how warm the ambiance of this place is. The decor is kitschy and fun and the patio space out back is perfect for sticky summer nights. The reliable wifi and option to order espresso-based drinks makes it a great study nook as well as a great bar. The absinthe fountains are an obvious draw, as is the vast vodka selection. I haven't had a chance to sample from the new food menu, but it looks amazing. Michelle is a premiere bartender. She takes no shit from stupid tourists who wander in and disrupt the flow of the place. And if you simply sit down and tell her "tonight I'm feeling something boozy" or "give me fruity," she will deliver to you a drink that makes all your dreams come true. If I lived closer, I'd probably hang out here on weeknights, but I make a point to take everyone who visits me to Pravda at least once.I tried to grab dinner here tonight, actually walked a couple blocks out of my way to do it.  I walked in and was nearly overwhelmed by the noise.  The music was blaring, and definitely not to my taste.  But, I really wanted to try the food, so I sat down in the middle of the bar - directly in front of the bartender.  I looked thru the menu, picked a cocktail and an entree and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  After 3 people were helped before I was acknowledged, I got up and walked out.
There are over 1300 restaurants in town, no need to ever walk back in here.The GF and I had picked up a flyer at the Southern Food and Beverage Museum advertising Pravda!  While it sounded a bit gimmicky with its Communist era Russian motif, it was a bar and it featured absinthe, which I thought was a bit strange since I always associated Russia with vodka.  No matter, we made the trek to Pravda figuring (and correctly so) that it was more geared to locals than appealing to the average bar-hopping out-of-towner invading Bourbon Street.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the dimly lit, laid-back, quaint place with Soviet-era décor immediately upon entering and sidling up to the bar.  Katie, our bartender, was very friendly and helpful and made excellent cocktails.  Continuing my intensive research on the Sazerac, I ordered one up.  My girlfriend had a Manhattan.  Both were quite satisfying and reasonably-priced.  The girlfriend and I were getting hungry so we ordered the potato and the onion pierogi.  The pierogi came out steaming hot, yet quite flavorful, especially the onion pierogi.  The pierogi were also inexpensive.
Pravda is a solid all-around bar with good food and drink!  The staff is exceedingly friendly and if I lived in New Orleans, it would definitely be one of my regular stops.As much as I was a fan of the "old" Pravda, with it's clandestine atmosphere and 90's Decatur Street goth revivalism, I like the new Pravda better. In place of rushed, surly, incompetent bartenders, you've got some very skilled/pleasant people making classic cocktails and some new inventions. I've never stumped them with any of my favorites, and while their selection of bottles isn't unlimited, they always have top quality liquors with which to mix. Their specialty cocktails are sometimes hit (the Emerald Smash) and sometimes miss (the tequila/pine liquor concoction tasted like a watered down Greyhound with rotten grapefruits). They make their own orgeat and use it to great effect. Usually they are pretty quiet, but even on New Year's Eve, with the unwashed masses pressing on the windows, the staff managed to keep the atmosphere pretty nice. Not to mention, they have the best patio on Decatur!Went with friends who ordered absinthe which is their other specialty besides vodka.  I, of course, had vodka instead...lime flavored vodka.  
Once again it was great civilized place to cool your heels and have a cocktail in the FQ.  Although I did think the Rasputin painting was watching me the whole time...but I'm cool, so I pretended not to care.Drank a couple of really nice white wine spritzers whilst admiring the Russian decor.If you like creepy cool, this is the place for you. Red velvet and creepy paintings line the walls in a dark and cool bar. When you first walk in the bar appears to be small and dark with cool red lighting and a slighty smokey haze. As I approached the bar and orderd a Maker's on the rocks for my husband and a whiskey sour for me I noticed a dark doorway to the left of the bar on the back wall. I grabbed my husband by the hand and headed straight into a room that's so black you can hardly see anything. Once my eyes adjusted I realized we'd just stepped into a secret outdoor courtyard with stuccoed walls lit with dim red lighting. It was a little scary and cool at the same time, because you really couldn't see until you were out there for awhile. The courtyard is filled with old fountains and little gardens that surround iron outdoor tables and chairs. Love it there, my one word description would be "magic". Fits into Nola beautifully. Although it was crowded you really felt like you'd escaped to another world.Had few glasses of red while waiting for a table to Irine's. This place has atmosphere and its cozy and cute. Seems to be just far out from Bourbon st that has more chill crowd and vibe.Pravda is a fun spot, and a really nice change from Bourbon St. The decor is gothy/Russian-themed, lots of dark reds with an overall lounge-y feel. It's definitely one of my NOLA favorites.
In addition to a full bar they carry a variety of absinthes. Do not try to ask the bartender about them on a busy night! All the information you'll get is a small framed list of names and prices at the bar. I wouldn't waste your money on the cheapest absinthe, Lucid. If you're going to pony up for a glass anyways, pay a few dollars more for something like the Kubler.Really cool joint with strong drinks and awesome ambiance. A nice getaway from the typical NOLA bars of Bourbon street. Decatur street has a hidden gem! The decor is awesome and there is a quaint little courtyard with dim lights, tables and a waterfall. Did I mention the prices were amazing and the server did her best to keep up with our 50 plus guests from the wedding party. I would definitely go back!!!Well, the decor was cool. I love rich decor. I love russians. I love vodka.
BUT, this bar and the people in it were a little stuck on themselves.
It's like the hot girl at the party that won't talk to anyone because she thinks she's too hot. 
Maybe Pravda is too hot for the quarter, but I beg to differ.
They do serve drinks though, so I won't go on.I've made a pilgrimage to New Orleans at least once a year since living there in 2001, and Pravda has been one of my favorite additions to Decatur Street in recent years.  It has a Russian theme, as the name suggests, but is filled with lovely vintage furniture and unique curios.  
I love to grab a vodka soda at the bar and then recline on my favorite fainting chair at the back of the main room.  If it gets a bit cold or smoky inside, there's also a lovely romantic courtyard in the back where you can relax with a a drink.  I'm personally past my absinthe stage, but if you're a fan or want to try it out, they do it properly here, and the staff is nice as peaches.A charming bar with undeniable character, Pravda specializes in absinthe and vodka. After a stint in Amsterdam, we decided to stick to the latter which is more than enough to sustain your buzz before you stumble home in the AM. 
The real prize here is the bathroom, where there is unfailingly a roach waiting for you, and at least once, a phone number scrawled on the wall requesting a picture of your genitals.One of my new favorite bars in the big easy. The drinks are cheap: super stiff vodka soda is $4. The atmosphere is soviet brothel-esque. They have a large, moody, back patio, which on a hot Louisianne night is exactly where you want to be with an icy cold cocktail, a smoke, and a group of good friends.
Get off of bourbon street folks...the real new orleans isn't all about hand grenades and boobs!Oh Pravda, my sweet Pravda why did you leave? My favorite Russian Vodka Bar is gone and under new management. The previous management took the vodka and the real Pravda with them. What's left is a makeshift bar with a small selection, but the absinthe remains. Of the cocktail menu my Sunday cocktail was excellent, the Mai Tai my friend had unfortunately was not. Who orders a Mai Tai in a Russian bar anyway, right? It will be interesting to see what the finished product will be from the new owners but what we used to know as Pravda no longer exists.