This place gets 4 stars for service, deliciousness, value, and BYOBness. It's proximity to mi casa puts it over for 5.
Fantastic food, super friendly staff and what a bargain! They could easily add a buck to each menu item and I'd still eat there regularly. 
Good for vegetarians! A+++This is a pretty solid Levantine place with some of the best food of it's kind that I've had. The prices are a steal, you can easily get a good sized meal for less than 10 bucks. I had the falafel sandwich which came with a side of hummus. The restaurant was quiet and our food arrived quickly. The falafels appear to be freshly made and dipped in hot oil instead of the frozen garbage you get at some other places.
The decor is a little spare but it's a college gyro place, what do you want? 
For the price you certainly can't do much better around here that I am aware of.Love the combination shwarma and the fried cheese. Very kind owners. My favorite Mediterranean food in the area.I'm not sure why yelpers are claiming this location is closed - as of today, it's still open.
I've ordered delivery from here several times with mixed results.  The lebna and the hummus are sensational and worth the roll of the dice on the other menu items, which at times seem overcooked or dry.  I've found the beef schwarma sandwich to be reliably tasty.
I've had less luck with the falafel, chicken schwarma sandwich, gyro platter, kibby, and fried cheese. They were all just serviceable. I'd still give the restaurant 4 stars based on the lebna and hummus - they're seriously THAT good. 
Delivery is free, but the delivery driver often expects you to meet them on the street, which is annoying if you live in a multi-unit building. A few more feet and I could hop in my own car and go get it myself. Perhaps that sounds lazy of me, but that's sort of the point of ordering delivery.Check your delivery order before they leave. They shorted my order drinks. When I called, they promised to send the driver with the missing drinks. Never showed up. Good food. Poor customer service.ZERO stars. Soggy, grease soaked kibby. If I wanted to drink from the grease trap....oh wait, I just did. Burnt, dried out chicken, mr. Sanders is rolling over in his grave. What a dumpster diving abortion of a staff. I called to improve customer service and support the betterment of their food, and I was hung up on as soon as I said I had a suggestion. That's cool, keep selling me cow pies and telling me it's steak tar tar. Thumbs down ebert.I go delivery and i have to say, it's reasonably priced, delicious and got here pretty quickly. Will order from here again.My first time visiting Pyramids.  I will definitely be going again.  The service was prompt and the food was very flavorful & such a huge portion.  I ordered the meat grape leaves & combo kabab.  Everything was so good.  I like the fact they offer option of white or wheat pita and also I ordered the iced tea without noticing it was mint.  Yum, what a nice surprise since it's the way I make it at home.  Also, they no longer honor the restaurant.com $15 coupons, but they still take the $10 & $25. Also good place for lunch hour.  I was in & out in under an hour.I found this hidden in New Orleans off of Claiborne. I was looking for other restaurants that served pita, lamb, and hummus. This place had good service, good prices, and great food! Will return.I rarely give this low rating but then I rarely get sick after eating any kind of food. I was visiting New Orleans and decided to go here for dinner. I walked out of here  and started feeling sick and I threw up like 15 minutes after I had dinner here. I eat all kind of food and can handle even the spicier food. I like middle eastern food and I usually eat middle eastern food almost 2-3 times every week on on average. 
Food did not taste bad though.I dined here for the first time because I purchased a restaurant.com certificate.   On the night I dined there, only one other table was occupied.  Pretty quiet, except for the owner carrying on a conversation quite loudly at a table in the rear of the restaurant.  The fried Kibby was nice but the meat stuffed grape leaves weren't very good...very bland, with rice, but no meat as far as I could tell.  The tzatziki sauce was very watery and tasteless.  The tzatziki served with the Kibby had a hair in it, but didn't look any different than the first.  The hummus on my combination plate was tasty, but I found the gyro and chicken shawarma average.  To top it all off, the owner came to my table to tell me that they wouldn't accept the restaurant.com certificate that I'd already purchase, because they decided to 'cancel' accepting $15 certificates.  Do yourself a favor and pass on this place and go to Lebanon Cafe instead.I'm always surprised when I enter this cafe because there's never very many people. I think it may have to do with the fact that it's tucked behind some of the larger places. Yes the interior is a little dinky, but the food is great, and I dare say one of the best Meditteranean places out here. The hummus is smooth and well prepared, the wraps are a delicious mouthful, and the entrees are well portioned.
They don't serve you alcohol, but it's BYOBThere are a number of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants in town with similar menus, but Pyramid Cafe is one of my favorite.  Four stars overall as a restaurant, but the fifth is a bonus for delivery that is always fast and our food is still piping hot when it gets here.  
Pyramid has the standard fare - gyro, hummus, falafel, etc., but some of the things they do there really separate themselves from the rest of the pack in town, particularly the falafel, which is off the chart.  I assume the hummus is made in house, and it is as creamy and flavorful as it gets.  The lebna is thick enough to make a sculpture on your plate and is borderline addictive.  They have the best fried kibby I've had in the city, and their grilled haloumi appetizer is fantastic.  (Haloumi is an extremely firm, rather salty cheese that can actually be grilled - Pyramid sells it as "fried cheese," but this is NOT the ubiquitous mozzarella sticks.  It is cooked to a golden sear on each side, then drizzled with olive oil and served with tomato, cucumber and pita.  My wife often gets it as an entree.)  I will also shamelessly admit to grabbing a few fries from the enormous order they send when I get fries for our toddler, and they are OUTSTANDING.  And could drink the Lebanese iced tea by the gallon. 
As for the meats, the gyro meat is extremely flavorful, and the combination entree of gyro and schwarma is huge.  Sometimes my wife and I will split that and order extra appetizers.  The chef cooks lamb as well as just about anyone in town, and I am currently addicted to the kafta kabob.  
I've eaten at Lebanan Cafe and Mona's for years and years, but Pyramid has become my go-to for Middle Eastern food.One of the best Mediterranean food restaurants in the city. Also, pretty cheap if you order sandwiches. Good service, nice environment.I order delivery from here at least once a week. Free delivery in Uptown for orders over $10, and VERY fast. From the time I place the order to the time I'm eating it, is between 20-30 minutes. Excellent food at an incredible price!
Humus, Gyro, Shawarma, Kabab... You name it, everything is great. Highly recommended!Fast, friendly service is not the only reason to stop at this out-of-the-way locale...it's the food!
Great falafel, lebnah and wonderful Lebansese iced tea. Someday, I'll even eat outside. Easy to stop in for a quick lunch for a leisurely dinner.We went in on a Thursday after a long road trip. They were so friendly and, wow, were they fast!! I asked for rare lamb chops and I could hear the waiter confirm twice that they were to be cooked to specification. The resturant was pretty empty and we could hear that they had a great rapport with their customers.  Any mistakes on to go orders were rectified quickly and without charge.  A++, Pyramid Cafe. We hope to see you again when we return!Food was excellent, service was bad. We seated ourselves and waited over 10 minutes for menus before we finally got them ourselves. Our server took his time getting our order, and the food took a very long time as well. At this point, we were the only ones in the restaurant. The server did not check on us once. When it was time for the check, the server asked if it was together or separate. I understand it's more difficult to do separate, but that's what we requested and he sighed with an exasperated look. Spent at least an hour and a half there, and will not be returning--no matter how good the food was!I'm a fan of the "restaurants get rated for what they are and not against a Platonic scale invented by people who make far more than I do" model, and for what it is - a hole in the wall next to Bud's Broiler - this is superb. If you want atmosphere, you're probably barking up the wrong tree, but then if you want atmosphere and you're around Bud's then you probably shouldn't be allowed to drive.
Specifics: polite, friendly service, not overly crowded for lunch. Prices are modest (I paid $6.99 for a generous gyro sandwich with a side of crushed fava beans and peppers), portions are just below leftover-size for me and I'm a big guy, and the lebanese tea, as previously noted, is outstanding-- just the right balance of sweetness and rose water. And the food is above and beyond what I would expect from even a pretty good hole in the wall. The gyros were spiced just right, my wife's eggplant sandwich was delicate and mouthwatering, and the fava bean dip played off them both perfectly. I've been out of the city for a while, and what I remembered of the Middle Eastern restaurant scene was ho-hum, so this was a most pleasant surprise.
Again: hole in the wall. It's not Commander's Palace. The decor is bland and I would have minded the crooning Middle Eastern music a lot more if I hadn't been busy stuffing my face with the inexpensive, rapidly delivered, freshly made, delicious food... which, lest we forget, is why we give holes in the wall our patronage in the first place. If you're looking for high fashion, look elsewhere. Highly recommended for the rest of us.Edit:  Just for kicks I looked up my previous review, not only had my review been marked hidden and marked as trash, but now suddenly 30+ amazing reviewers came out of the woodwork.  SHAME ON YOU PYRAMIDS!  All you had to do was serve quality meats and give amble portions of bread.
Original Post:
I don't know what happened to this place.  I've been ordering delivery and takeout from pyramids for over 4 years with pleasant results, until today.  Typically I order the beef shish kabob plate and chicken shwarma plate.  Typically the shwarma is better at lebanon's, but if I wanted delivery this was the best.
I just received an order for 2 beef shish kabob plates and was very disappointed.  They used to be so juicy and delicious.  Today they were bland and dry.  Most disappointing was that I only received 4 pieces of pita bread to split between two of us.  Is the economy that bad that they cut back on grades of beef and number of pita bread?  
Thats too bad, considering there are lots of choices for food around, so I will no longer be ordering from there.Very basic food, flavor isn't much but spicy on certain items. The hummus was pretty good with the pita chips, but the gyro wrap was dry and tasted very bland. The delivery was quick though, much appreciated.Love, love, love this place. Their chicken Shawarma salad is amazing! Great dressing. And their hummus is to die for, free delivery with 10 dollar minimum in the uptown neighborhood. I order from here regularly.I probably eat more food from Pyramids than any other restaurant. Honestly, I probably spend more time eating their food than I do any other activity. This place is the bomb.com with FREE delivery on Yelp without even having to speak to a real human and only a $10 minimum ??? Where else in New Orleans offers that? The food is excellent, the service is superior (I love you, delivery man) and the prices are low. It doesn't get much better than this, y'all.I must say, after my ranting badly about Byblos I'm glad I found this place.
I have to tell you, the falafel here is just great! really! The stuffed grape leaves are delicious and the the spinach pie appetizer was heavenly.
I am so glad that I have a local mid eastern place to go to.
Now the only reason I rated it 4 and not the full 5 are
1) yep, still no good beef shawarma - I really don't understand how all places here just don't know how to serve a tender lamb or beef shawarma
and also cook it in the traditional style.
2) on the three occasions I've been there the waitstaff are - well... just shy of being attentive.
When served two HOT spinach pies, you'd think a plate for each person (2 of us) would be given so it's easy to eat rather than on the tiny plate it came on. This may seem petty but I assure you it will bother you - then again it may have been just that night.
3) I felt that on each night we went the staff's minds were else where and not at work.
Other than that, great food, very tasty, friendly owner.This place is one the best middle eastern restaurants in the city.  Everything is freshly made and the servers are very friendly and attentive.  They have the best kibby, and I also highly recommend their shwarma.What a great little Mediterranean cafe!  
I took my husband here for dinner with a restaurant.com certificate that I bought for a bargain.
When we walked in, the place was completely empty except for the owners/server/cooks.  (Yikes. Red flag?)
We started with the falafel and dolmathes; both were very good. (A couple more customers walk in.)
For an entree, we split the night's special--a slow roasted lamb shank.  (Many more customers walk in.)
The lamb was FABULOUS.  In fact, you could tell the owner was very proud of this dish, he came over to ask us if we liked it. "This is what my family eats at home," he said.  Umm, excuse me, can I be invited to your house for dinner?
By the time we left, the place was quite busy.  It turns out my husband and I must eat like old people and wanted dinner really early compared to most.
Great food and great laid-back service.  I definitely recommend.The delivery was very swift. We ordered the appetizer special and kafta plate. While the falafel and tabouli were perfectly fine, the rest was pretty gross. The flavor profiles on the babaganoush and labeneh were very off; some kind of mix between cheap ingredients and even cheaper olive oil gave a bizarre chemicalish aftertaste. Pita and kafta were so dry and clearly old. I wish I could call it forgettable but I'm still thinking the poor quality.Amazeballs. I love everything about this place and am so happy to have a good, consistent, and reliable Mediterranean restaurant that delivers!I went to Pyramids yesterday for lunch.  I ordered my chicken shawarma sandwich with a side of hummus to go.  
Totally my mistake that I didn't eat it right away because when I did, the romaine lettuce was basically cooked - ewww.
The chicken was very flavorful, and the pita was soft and chewy.  The tomatoes were decent.  What this sandwich was missing, however, was chopped red cabbage and tahini.  
The hummus was a great texture and by itself, I know it would have been great.  I also don't mind the olive oil with a little sprinkle of cayenne for spice.  What ruined it, however, was a half teaspoon full of what I think was ground jalapeno pepper and possibly lime juice dumped right in the middle of the dollop.  It made the hummus very non-hummus-like-spicy-hot.  The three garbanzo were a nice decorative touch, but as much as I love hummus, I don't like whole garbanzo beans.  
I would go back again - to dine in - and will ask for plain hummus.I don't know what happened to this place.  I've been ordering delivery and takeout from pyramids for over 4 years with pleasant results, until today.  Typically I order the beef shish kabob plate and chicken shwarma plate.  Typically the shwarma is better at lebanon's, but if I wanted delivery this was the best.
I just received an order for 2 beef shish kabob plates and was very disappointed.  They used to be so juicy and delicious.  Today they were bland and dry.  Most disappointing was that I only received 4 pieces of pita bread to split between two of us.  Is the economy that bad that they cut back on grades of beef and number of pita bread?  
Thats too bad, considering there are lots of choices for food around, so I will no longer be ordering from there.I'm sorry, but to change your delivery boundaries overnight without so much as putting a notification on your website is beyond lame. Yes, I will admit that this review is a bit harsh, but as our medical schools already only have such limited delivery options, you could have informed one about the change before letting the order be placed.We had some schwarma platters delivered.  It was pretty good.  Not as good as Lebannon, but a close to our house option without too long of a wait for delivery.I eat vegetarian and really enjoyed the falafel plate. The food is delicious and fresh! The staff was so friendly and helpful. I was provided the password to the restaurant's wifi. I was also told that as of tomorrow there will be two large screen tvs on the walls. I'll definitely eat here again.Food is basically VERY GOOD. ..but every time I come back I want it to be the last. The decor is terrible,  but I have suffered bad decors before and survive, the waiters are always really nice. BUT some staff members keep the 2 freaking tvs full volume, sometimes at different channels, and there is never more than a couple of tables, if any, so noise and lack of consideration are latent while they watch their movie or whatever.... Extremely uncomfortable,  so I keep hoping to find good baba ganuj somewhere else soon...I can't take coming here another time!To be clear; I'm not one to accuse a restaurant of food poisoning lightly, but both my roommate and I ordered the Chicken Schwarma salad, and we both got sick. Gastrointestinal sick. DO NOT TRUST this place! 
I have ordered delivery from them several times, despite it almost always being a huge hassle. Orders have taken up to two hours to come, and have been incorrect, with no apology, and one of the guys is always rude and unhelpful. If he answers, I hang up and call back later, as he always messes up the order, and has hung up on me when I have called back to ask (politely) how long on a two hour order. 
I've put up with their crap service because they deliver, it's decent, and it's healthier than pizza, but not after this. I have a very strong stomach, and nothing food-wise messes me up, but I just spent the whole day barely able to leave bed.This IS as good as it gets! Delivery is free (nice perk). We ordered (1) Pyramids' Special for 2 ($13.99) which consisted of... hummus (best hummus - trust the reviews), baba ghanouj (nice and spicy w/o overdoing it), grape leaves (like my Greek grandmother's!), tabouli (standard), falafel (everyone does the little "patties" down here; not my favorite style but still really good), kibby (great w/o greasy) and lebna (perfectly tart; an amazing compliment to other portions).
And (2), the Chicken Lula. A "fresh ground chicken marinated with herbs and spices, served w/ salad, hummus and white/whole wheat pita bread." The pita bread is nothing to scoff at. Unlike most places, the pita didn't turn into your latest frisbee within a five minute cooling process. Stayed very fresh through the meal and then some. The chicken was nicely spiced. You can tell it's quality chicken, moist and flavorful; not spiced-over.
The owners/employees are great too!I occasionally order delivery from here because there is no fee, and it is convenient through the Yelp app. It does the trick when I'm feeling super lazy, but my main complaint is that the chicken shawarma is often greasy and not as flavorful as some of the other places in the city at the same price point. The hummus is very creamy, but it's not my personal favorite. And you have to pay extra for feta cheese on a salad that's just lettuce, tomato and onion.
The service is very fast, though, and whenever I'm sick, this is easily the most healthy and affordable delivery option.The food is great, the in-house service is solid, and they deliver!  However... sometimes, the guy taking the orders forgets to put them in, and the delivery wait ranges from 1-2 hours.  Overall positive with some kinks.Pyramind Cafe is great.  Awesome food, great prices...I've heard some complaints about the decor, but really, who cares?  It's not dirty and the food is delicious.
Try the 'fried cheese' appetizer.  It's some kind of fresh cheese marinated in garlic and olive oil and fried (not breaded though).  It's not gooey, but more of a spongy texture.  Amazing.Solid Middle Eastern/ Mediterranean food at a great price.  The interior is a little dreary, but it is very clean and the staff is fantastic. I had the falafel sandwich  with a side salad and both were fresh and tasty. 
I am just happy to find a place my boyfriend and I can eat for under 20 bucks that feels healthy or at the very least not greasy.Having been sick of the bad service at the overrated Lebanon Cafe, I searched for other options. Babylon cafe didn't cut because even though the food was okay, I could see the laundromat through their glassed wall. Apparently, the two places are owned by the same person. Discovering Pyramid Cafe was a life saver for me. I just need my lamb chops. Wow, the food is good here. The veggies are much fresher than Lebanon's, and the falafels are like Babylon's. The people greet you like you're family if you go there more than once. That's what I call service. The one problem I have with this place is that there is a moldy spot on their ceiling and for some reason, they aren't fixing it. This is why I give 4 stars instead of 5. Having said this, the ambiance might not be the best, but the food is.It was a pretty good place. It wasn't packed and we got our order fairly quickly. Everything is priced pretty fairly. The service was good and attentive.Delivery took an hour & half to the warehouse district. Cold food & soggy bread arrived with no apologies. First phone call to chat on ETA was simply dismissed with the advice that all deliveries were out. Not impressed.If you are like me and pretty much live on hummus, Pyramids Cafe is where you want to get it. We had a lunch catered to us at school from Pyramids, and as the only vegetarian in the bunch I was spoiled silly by how much was suited to little old me...salads and hot vegetable dishes, hummus and fava bean spread...on and on. Quality is superb. Like I said, I am addicted to hummus in its every form (except when it has red peppers...ewwwwww) and even make my own, and I know I am not alone. Eat it guys! Make your administrative assistant order from here. It's cheap and the best you can get!When I first came to the U.S, I don't like Mediterranean food, Yet I'm fond of Mediterranean food after I tried the meals in this restaurant. I really like their lamb chops and yellow rice. Also, they have amazing waitresses.Amazing Grape Leaves, everything else is good quality, well priced. The owner is always there, and makes sure that you are taken care of. I appreciate his dedication to his business.It's been a while since I've found myself on Calhoun St. I used to work nearby so I'd frequent this block and one of the regular stops was the previous incarnation of this restaurant. Now it's got a different name and an improved menu. So, does it stack up against the nostalgia? Pretty good.
I had a falafel sandwich with a side of hummus. The hummus was velvety smooth and full of flavor. The pita was warm but not toasted so after a minute it just felt kind of soggy. The sandwich was great although I was missing the classic flavor of a tahini based sauce. Instead what I got was kind of minty, more like lebna. And it was all on one half of the sandwich, leaving the other part high and dry. At least the falafel themselves were top notch. But man I wanted more sauce on that sandwich.
I'll definitely go back. I hope next time things are a little more even.I love this place!!! I order at least twice a month. The delivery guys are always so polite and they're super fast. And the food is DELICIOUS. The gyro plate is always my fav. You can't beat the value. Huge portions, too.Sometimes I find myself craving the lamb plate with humus.  There is nothing like their perfectly seasoned lamb wrapped in a piece of fluffy warm pita with a little smear of humus.  The falafel is excellent too.  On top of that, the service is just right, attentive and willing to give suggestions, but not overbearing.  I'm sure I'll be back soon.
.... lamb and humus, lamb and humus, lamb and humus....................Got delivery after a pretty long day. Email (I ordered through Yelp) said 45-60 minutes for delivery but mine arrived in about 25 with a very nice delivery guy, which made me very happy! I got the combo plate. Salad was a bit bland but it's nothing to drop stars over and other than that, the food was good! I also tried baklava for the first time and it was delicious! The Lebanese tea is always a favorite and it did not disappoint. I would order from here again for sure.Stopped in for chicken shawarma to go. Rather dry. Not a good value. Was very disappointed.I love this place best food in town the chicken kebab is very good come in try for your self no Dout bout this place very very goodOutstanding New Orleans, neighborhood-feel, Mediterranean restaurant!  Worth a try...awesome food at reasonable prices.  
In particular I strongly recommend their:  humus, gyro, shawarma, and kabab, and the staff is helpful, attentive, quick and professional.  
Great food!Always good, always fresh. Very quick delivery. I spent 7 weeks in hospital with my son and ate from them quite a bit. It was always a treat.This place just lost my business for good. I live in the area and have been to Pyramids many times. I've always found the food to be ok, nothing great, but acceptable. My general, pre debacle rating for this restaurant was as follows:
Food - okay. Very greasy and nothing special.
Ambiance - aweful! This place has no ambiance. There is never anyone in the restaurant. It has no decoration to speak of, other than old tables and chairs and some ugly pyramid art on the walls. Also, the restaurant's workers are always sitting around the tables in the dining room, which is a turn off to me. 
Service - usually okay, but on this occasion our server was not the brightest and got our order wrong.
So my husband and I went to Pyramid's the other night. As usual, there was barely anyone in the restaurant at dinner time. My husband had recently purchased a coupon for Pyramids from Restaurant.com, which we planned to use. It would have given us $15 off our meal. As soon as we sat down, we promply placed the coupon on the table so the server could see that we planned on using the coupon. 
When our food came, both of our orders were wrong. We did not complain and ate our food anyways. It was okay, but as I said before, very greasy. Midway through our meal, an unkept, slovenly-looking man came out of the kitchen and sat at one of the tables in the dining room. Again I find it unprofessional for the restauarant's workers to be sitting in the dining room. Furthermore, it was even more of a turn off to think that is dirty looking man had maybe just cooked my meal. 
When the check came, we handed the server our coupon. He returned several minutes later and said that they could not honor the coupon because they had recently cut off their contract with Restaurant.com. My husband and I were perplexed because the coupon was purchased only 2 months prior. We paid the bill and then right before leaving asked the manager/owner why he wouldn't honor the coupon. He proclaimed that there was nothing he could do. He would not honor the coupon, since he no longer works with restaurant.com. 
I found this unacceptable. To make matters worse, when we got home, my husband looked on restuarant.com and you can still buy coupons for Pyramid on their website. Furthermore, we emailed restaurant.com and they claimed to still be in business with Pyramid. 
Basically, I feel like Pyramid scammed us. We came into their restaurant to use our coupon. Once we ordered and got the bill, they would not honor the coupon.   I will never return to Pyramid! Lebanon's down the road is MUCH better anyways.The food is pretty average for mediterranean, but my real complaint has to do with the atmosphere. The dining room is super awkward. It's so quiet, the room echoes when you speak. It has a cafeteria feel and needs to be filled in more with eclectic furniture.I love this place so much! The best Mediterranean food in uptown. The yogurt sauces are creamy, the meat is well seasoned, and the salads are delicious! I'm gluten free and they have so many options for me. The service is always really fast and incredibly friendly. And every time I have been the owner always comes out to make sure we enjoyed our meal.I've come to the conclusion that beef shwarma might be one of my favorite foods. I find myself craving it on a regular basis and I am forced to hunt it out, no matter where I am. When the craving recently hit, Pyramids Cafe was the closest place I could get my fix, so here we are.
It was a pretty slow afternoon when I was here and I was the only customer in the place. I was pretty hungry, so I started with an order of grape leaves stuffed with meat. These were really good! They gave me a lot, and they were stuffed very nicely with a sauce on the side for dipping. For my entree, I got the beef shwarma- my favorite. It came with meat, salad and hummus. This was fantastic! The meat was seasoned perfectly and the hummus was nice and creamy smooth. The salad was fresh and I enjoyed it.
The atmosphere here is pretty casual and "no frills", but it was the perfect spot for lunch. Service was fast and friendly and I left satisfied with the entire experience.I have been eating here since it opened after Mona's closed.  My main complaint is that much of the meat is overbooked.  The chicken Schwartz is always overcooked and tough.  The lamb is better but inconsistent.  The gyro meat is better and probably their best choice
I like most of the apps and the hummus is very good. The delivery is consistent and that us importantThis is the worst Greek & Lebanese/ Mediterranean food I have ever encountered. I ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich & my husband ordered the chicken shawarma platter. The chicken was chunky, like chicken nuggets, instead of shaved like normal. It also didn't taste like chicken shawarma. My sandwich had few pieces of wilted lettuce, a few pieces of tomato, & no sauce. The fried cheese appetizer was decent though.This is my favorite Mediterranean food in New Orleans. Consistently delicious food, great service, and highly reasonable prices for quality/portion! They deliver almost anywhere too & pretty fast. Their veggie grape leaves are the best in the city IMOPyramid's, right in the same building as Bud's Broiler, is a nice, cheap little Mediterranean place within walking distance of Tulane's campus. The food here is exceptional, and the wait staff is nice enough to make me want to go again. This is a great little restaurant tucked away, a perfect secret spot for a date or a few friends.Got the Gyro plate for delivery the other day and it was very ok. Seemed like maybe delivery wasn't the best option here, not very fresh tasting. Great hummus though.One of my favorites in the area--inexpensive and delicious. Falafel is flavorful, gyro meat is cut thick, and the shawarma is delicious, especially the salad. Also, free delivery if you live close!What can I say about Pyramids that hasn't been said before? Maybe that I like the atmosphere? Because I do. A lot. The paintings are the best thing I've ever seen. Also the needlework stitched thing that says "Pyramids Cafe" with the little pyramids floating in space is absolutely stunning. Then there is the food, which is on another level entirely. Too often middle eastern spots become trendy and compromise their product to accommodate the influx of new customers. This is not the case with Pyramids at all. Be it packed or dead, the quality is always constant. The falafel is the best in the city. The kefta (lamb kebab) is absolutely amazing. The kibbu and tabhouli are killer. The gyro is also really really good, but I've never had bad gyro personally so that's not really a big deal. 
The ladies at the table next to me are all raving about the lebanese iced tea, as well. I'm not a tea drinker so I can't give my judgement, but if everyone else says so, it must be true. Just go ahead and get anything, I promise you'll love itThe food is wonderful and atmosphere inviting. This quaint cafe is a wonderful place to relax and unwind from the day and share a quiet meal with friends and family.
Each time I go here I am greeted and treated more like family than a  customer. I cannot recomend them enough.Do not get fatouche salad!! I posted a picture of it under pictures. It was huge chucks of tomatoes, huge chucks of cucumber and huge chucks of lettuce with a gross Italian like dressing on top. I thought a fatouche salad was suppose to be diced in small pieces!?! To top it all of the pita chips were huge as well and so over cooked they were too hard to eat!!(See picture!!) I also got the chicken shawarma salad which was not that great either (it also doesn't have any feta cheese) but at least I could eat it. I will say their to Tzatziki sauce was pretty good and they gave my lots of pita. But the pita bread is not normally included. You have to pay for it but they didn't charge me which was nice. Lower prices than monas or Lebanons but you are getting what you pay for which is just not worth any money at all. The fatouche salad was literally a joke and can't believe they would serve that to someone!I am a local New Orleanian and live in the neighborhood of Pyramids Café.  I have always loved the restaurant whether dining in or ordering delivery.  Friday 1/2/15, I placed a very simple delivery order at 7:40 PM through GrubHub.  My confirmation email said my delivery would be there between 8:30 and 8:40 PM.  at 8:43 PM, I called to check on my order and see if they perhaps needed directions.  I was told that it was on the way but would probably be 20 minutes because they were busy.  I said it was ok and waited.  Over 30 minutes later, at 9:16 I called back and told the gentleman that I did not wish to pay for food that I had ordered over 2 hours ago and he could cancel the order.  He replied OK and hung up.  There was never a single apology offered or any sense of urgency.  Very disappointed and will not be returning to Pyramids.I loved it. Best chicken shwarma in town! I've tried it in every Greek or Mediterranean restaurant in town since I moved here 3 years ago and this is by far superior. The hummus was great too. Large portions, small price and they even delivered it for free.Mediocre at best. Food takes forever to come out. Little to no atmosphere. Can't even get simple orders right. Do yourself a favor and go to a real Mediterranean style restaurant and try Lebanon's Cafe on Carollton...wayyyyyy better!Honestly the best chicken shawarma I have ever had! My boyfriend and I ate here several times while we were staying in New Orleans for family matters, and I am now back home in Baton Rouge craving this chicken. I'm now planning on driving the hour and a half there just to fulfill my craving. Do yourself a favor. Eat it. 
Boyfriend: She's not kidding. After eating the chicken shawarma at Pyramid Cafe, I can't even pretend to enjoy the stuff from my local Mediterranean restaurant anymore because it doesn't hold a candle. And the hummus was far better than I would have expected from a hole-in-the-wall place like Pyramid. Two thumbs up.This is an update to the review I posted over a year ago. Prices have increased by several dollars and food quality has declined. I don't know what is different, but the food does not taste the same and I'm certain it has a good bit of MSG in the chicken. Both my daughter and I suffered from headaches and another tell tale sign of over use of MSG that I won't go into detail about, if you catch my drift. The pita bread was really stale and unpleasant to eat. It's easy to see why they had to increase prices. I have never been inside the restaurant and actually seen another person dining, and usually the entire staff comes out to say hi to my daughter. They are all very friendly but that doesn't make up for $16 I paid for one chicken shawarma plate I picked up to share with my daughter for dinner, that's not including tip. Disappointing.This restaurant was formerly Mona's, and now as an independently owned establishment, the food is much improved. The owner and Chef Helmi developed the menu for the more popular restaurant chain Mona's, but decided to buy his own and there you have the Pyramid Cafe. The Lebanese tea is delightfully refreshing on those humid sweltering New Orleans days. The food is always excellent and it never fails to be prepared by Helmi himself (whenever I have been there at least).  I am a fan of almost every dish although my favorite is the lula or maybe the kafta. Best Mediterranean food in New Orleans with the possible exception being during the Greek fest and to be honest I think atmosphere is what gives it a leg up.I'm pretty sure Pyramids' vegetarian plate trumps all I've had thus far in New Orleans. Each component was incredible, and I'm used to being kind of meh about one thing on these types of combo plates.
The hummus is creamy, garlicy perfection. The babaganouj is smoky, creamy, slightly sweet. And the falafel. Ohhhh, the falafel. Thus far I though Courtyard Grill's was in a league of their own, but Pyramids is just as tasty, moist and crunchy on the outside. I even ate the tabouleh, which normally is my least favorite thing. I did think the price for this plate (10.99) was a bit steep, as I'm used to a lower price point for casual Middle Eastern fare. BUT, it's so deefuckinlicious that I will be back again. And again.
Our waitress was the sweetest girl ever, too, and gave my friend a recommendation for the chicken schwarma that was spot-on. It smelled so good I was tempted to take a bite and I'm a damn vegetarian.
Our waitress tempted us with the promise of "freshly baked baklava" for dessert but I was far too stuffed to even think about it.
A final note: you go here for the food, not the atmosphere and sometimes that's just what you need!This is a very easy restaurant to park at compared to most of the other Middle Eastern places in the area so that makes it one of the most conveniently located places to grab a good meal.  All of the food I've had here has been very good with excellent portion size.  I especially like the fact that when I request hot sauce here they usually bring me both the usual red and a green one that nowhere else in NOLA gives you.  The service has always been excellent and I've never been here when it was crowded so my food has always been prepared very fast.  An excellent and convenient choice to get your Middle Eastern fix!!!Good source of reasonably priced 'Mediterranean' food in the uptown/university area. It's a local family-run, non-chain, business, and that is reflected in excellent customer service. You won't be blown away buy modern takes or fusion recipes, but it offers all the staples (falafel, kebbeh, shwarma, grape leaves, etc) well-prepared and quickly.Thanks to restaurant.com we headed uptown to try a new (for us) restaurant and had a great experience.
The service was lovely, the food was delicious and the price was just right (even if we didn't have a gift certificate).
I had a gyro sandwich with a side of hummus and my husband had the chicken shawarma.Love this place- plus its delivery! Fried cheese, gyro, hummus ALL DAY. Portions are great for 2 meals easily if you get the plates.Great value for the money, hands down! The staff is always incredibly friendly both in store and over the phone. We frequently get the falafel, combination plate, Lebanese tea and Burma or baklava and it's always consistently delicious. Keep these folks on speed dial!Two stars because the vegetarian stuffed grape leaves are actually delicious. And the staff is really friendly.
The rest of the food that we got -- chicken kabob, chicken schwarma, rice, and baklava -- were all pretty awful. The chicken was edible, but not good. And there was nothing mediterranean about it. The rice was awful. Of all the things a mediterranean restaurant should get right, it's the rice. It tasted like it was days old and reheated. The schwarma wrap was just the "chicken kabob" wrapped in a pita.
And the very worst was the baklava. The menu description called it "fresh" but I would be surprised if that baklava was made in the last 2 months. It was old and soggy and just plain gross. If you want to order it I recommend asking when it was made. It should have a fine crispy top, a little crunch, not be mushy. Too bad it was the last thing I tasted from this place ...