Great find near our hotel. I had the iced NOLA coffee multiple times. One night, went back for a poke bowl nights later. Staff are super friendly. Clean space. There's even a bar inside! Check out the local groceries too.Great lunch spot! I ordered the Asada tacos from la Cocinita, and they were delicious. Nicely spiced, tender chunks of meat. The serving size of 3 street tacos was just the right size for lunch.I really love this place way more than St. Roch market. I am not sure if it has its own garage but that would be helpful. There's a good variety of dining options and the bartenders are friendly. The poke spot is my favorite thus farGreat drinks at the bar. I love the frozen Paloma but the service is consistently rude. Also I came in for a drink a good 25 minutes before they close and the bar tender ignore me until I asked for a drink and he told me they were closed.Lot of choices so it's good! Oyster is yummy at Cru, there is also a good curry place!I attended the Friends and Family night and I have to say everything was absolutely amazing. The decorations, the entertainment, the drink and of course the food all were perfect. All the people were so kind and fun. I was there to Support Kais Poke so don't forget to check that out. The grand opening is May 31st! You guys would have an awesome time !Really enjoyed the atmosphere. Had an Old Fashion at the bar and it was excellent. Then went to cru and possibly had the BEST fried oyster I will ever put in my mouth. Will bring friends back just for that bite!!!!This is a great place to swing by if you want to sample several local eateries.  They have a wide range of options and a full service bar filled with locals and tourists. 
Con: it can be loud in the main section with the bar and a DJ.  If you're looking for a quiet spot, there is a small seating section near the back.Definitely liking the different venders this place offers, but parking can be a bit of a drag. Once you walk in, you feel like you're tourists in a different city. This food paradise has many different things to offer and should leave your belly feeling full. Although it is not as elegant as St. Roch Market, but it showcases a comfortable atmosphere fit for its location in the downtown area.
I thoroughly enjoyed Eatwell's Phoritto which resembles the actual bowl of pho, but in a form of a burrito. It was ver flavorful and nicely portioned to share with another person. Also try mama's egg rolls as they did not disappoint as well.
Frencheeze's mac and cheese balls were also filling which they came in two large soft ball sized balls. They are nicely complimented with Sriracha mayo to give a subtle spice. I would definitely order the rosemary garlic fries again which were very flavorful and not too oily.
Cru provides fresh seafood from their menu and is prepared nicely to order. The raw oysters were very fresh like they just came from the ocean. Unfortunately, the Lobster roll was a bit of a let down. The lobster pieces were plump and plentiful, but the bread it was served on felt as if they just took it out of the refrigerator which felt cold, hard and thick.
Meribo's pizza is made to order which can take about 10 minutes to prepare. Ordered the Ham and Cheese pizza for my son since it was the closest thing to a regular pizza (like pepperoni) instead of a specialty pizza since kids can be pretty picky.
La Cocinita prepares their tacos loaded with meat and is nicely garnished, but unfortunately, my party was stuffed from the other items we've ordered and couldn't really enjoy it there.
I would definitely come back to try the other different vendors there or just come to hang out with friends as they provide plentiful seating throughout the building.This the true hip spot in the Nola for happy hour. The Cru has raw, grill and char-grill oyster for the price.Great variety. Something for everyone. The Nola Trio was everything I'd been hoping for. Appropriately priced but added corn muffin for $3. Felt the platter should have come with a small muffin. Small drink from the bar was $9. A bit high. Most places offer great happy hour deals.Pythian Market is one of the up and coming best-kept secrets in New Orleans. This open floor market has a full upscale bar, oyster bar, and a collection of pop-up restaurants featuring fusion food from around the world. 
We specifically went to Cru (seafood bar) and 1908 (drinks), which were fantastic. 1908 had amazing craft beers and speciality cocktails-all packed with flavor and infused with local fresh ingredients. Cru had an expansive selection of fresh seafood with a really friendly wait staff and vibrant ambience. The oysters tasted really fresh and were huge! 
Whether it's to beat the humidity or explore a less touristy (and up & coming) part of New Orleans, I would highly highly recommend giving Pythian Food Market a shot!This place is amazing. It has one bar in the middle and a bunch of little food truck/restaurants inside with a variety of poke/Jamaican/oysters, sandwiches/burritos/breakfast/juices/pho/pizza and other little hints. It's very modern and clean. It's pretty new. It's missing attention from the outside, I don't see like a big sign or name. Maybe I'm blind. Bathrooms are clean, they got ATM, stools and bar like all over. Tv for sports games and great amazing people working every single place.We had breakfast and late night snack. Breakfast was yummy. Cheesy grits, eggs and house made sausage. Late night snack could be dinner...  pizza with sausage and collards and other stuff! Baked in the fire stone oven right in front of you! Quick service, friendly staff who know what they are doing! If you don't want to wait an hour this is the place to go! Just down the street from the Holiday Inn and 3-4 blocks from the Hyatt Regency. There are more eateries in the building that I will be trying next. It is worth itNow open! Vast selection of vendors to choose from. As with all food halls, this is a great spot to go with co-workers as there is sure to be something for everyone. 
The convenience to my office is the best part for me. But I am also excited to hit up the bar for happy hours and enjoy other events in this space. The atmosphere is sleek and clean. There is tons of seating if you wind your way to the back, the space is larger than it initially appears.  
This area of the city has so much potential, and I'm eager to see how this development adds to the neighborhood! I'll be back!Can I give Pythian Market 6 stars? The food and vendors are amazing. There is a diverse selection of vendors, so no matter the day, I guarantee you'll find something you want! Give me a grilled cheese from Frencheeze and a frozen Paloma from 1908 bar and I'll be smitten as a kitten. Pythian truly is #afoodhallforall!I ordered from La Cocinita at Pythian, which is several vendors in one location. I had chicken tacos which were pretty good, and two empanadas that tasted like they were originally frozen and heated up in a microwave. The ambiance of Pythian is pretty cool, nothing to write home about but I would take people here. My big issue, and I think it could hurt their business is the parking. Not many available spots nearby unless you're going on a quiet day which is what I did and was able to find a public spot about 30 seconds away.Just walk in and do eny, meeny, miny, moe... you seriously can't go wrong. We tried a little bit of everything from everywhere and it was all good!!!! Also everyone has great customer service and help you make your selections!!! Some places have happy hour specials from 4-7!Such a great lunch spot with so much variety. Ate at the Vietnamese place. The pho burrito was good, really filling, kinda messy. Would come back to try the other places!Awesome for families! Great ambiance and amazing foo. A bit pricey! Bring your wallet.Mixed reviews on this food hall. There's more variety than the St Roch market but the quality of the food is so so. If you like central city bbq (which I love) this place isn't for you. I ordered the brisket which was more of a "pulled pork/chopped brisket" which was lacking in texture and flavor. Plus the smoked wings had chewy skin Bc they weren't fried. The wings at the main central city bbq has a different texture which is crispy on the outside and stronger smoke flavor, these were bland, tasted like chicken wings you buy frozen from a bag at the grocery store. Their Mac and cheese wasn't as good either. I'm guessing this is Bc the food isn't prepped there and is just heated in their version of a micro wave or steam heater. The Vietnamese place was good! And the seafood place in the back corner had a very nicely stuffed lobster roll (which is hard to find lobster rolls in NOLA). The smoothie bar was good but pricey.14 Parishes was Amazing. I love the concept of the Pythian Market. So many choices in one spot. Yum.Love this place! I'm so glad we have a cool food hall on Loyola. It's nice to see all the business people come in at lunch and it reminds me of New York. 
I haven't been that impressed with 1000 figs but Little Fig seems amazing. Not only are they a restaurant but they're a grocery store as well! I can't wait to go in and get their pimento cheese dip and rice pudding to go. 
When I stopped by the bar to get a drink to go, the frozen grapefruit Paloma was amazing. It was flavorful and balanced and a great drink to walk with. 
My most recent experience was at Cru. I loved sitting at the bar there and their cheese plate portions were very generous. Next time, I want to go for happy hour, get their smoked fish dip and a glass of sparkling rose from their happy hour menu.A interesting space with several vendors in a food court sitting.  Several different options and includes a bar. For just having happy hour is outstanding.This is such a great concept, especially for a family who just can't agree on what to eat. My daughter enjoyed some sliders and I opted for the Jamaican jerk chicken. She decided she wanted something other than fries with her sliders, so we visited a 3rd place for a suitable side. Everything we tried from every vendor was delicious and reasonably priced. This is definitely going to be my go-to when dining with the little one in this area.Great place with so many choices. I ate at Poulet and had the Greek Chicken Salad in a Sun dried tomato tortilla and it was very tasty and a nice size.Tried this place out for the first time. The Raw and Bubbles is not worth the price. I wish I stuck with just the Gulf oysters, which were the cheapest at $1.50 per oyster. It was nice to try different oysters but they tasted the same to me. Fresh. Also they were a bit slow in shucking. I guess I'm spoiled with super fast shuckers at different places. Hate to be there during happy hour. A nice selection of different food types through the market. Not sure if the bar is up to par if you gonna sell a can of coke but not offer a cup of ice with it.... The atmosphere is very casual. Good place to hang with friends.Loved all of the choices!!! 
We arrived at 2:45PM which is not a very busy time and we are glad we did because the attention was lovely. 
It catered to each of my family members taste buds. 
My husband loves pizza and the Meridionale brick oven pizza at Meribo Pizza hit the spot. 
My caribbean mom went straight for La Cocinita and ordered El Pabellon Arepa with shredded beef and sweet plantains. She went back to complement the chef! 
I had my eye on the Lobster Ceviche on the Cru menu and it did nos disappoint. The presentation was lovely and the taste was simple and refreshing.
It was brought to my table and served in a real ceramic plate with silverware. So chic for a food court and Very civilized! 
We will definitely come back.   
We loved the choices and how friendly everyone there was. It really felt like everyone was working together to make a welcoming, friendly and clean environment for the community. 
The restrooms were all also very clean and kept up. 
Loved that too!
So happy to have these amazing options close to home.This place was so good! Such an eclectic​ variety of options. Between lunch, dinner, dessert, and drinks, this place has everything to offer. My boyfriend just moved in next door and we didn't even realize this place opened a couple of days ago and you would never​ have even guessed. This place is so put together and I highly recommend​ that everyone should try it out. It has different types of cuisines for every foodie out there.
I got the mac and cheese balls at Frencheeze, which are my favorite thing on their menu. And I love that now I know exactly where to find them without having to search around all of New Orleans for the food truck. My boyfriend got the jerk chicken at 14 parishes and he said the flavor was absolutely incredible with the spices.Came here on a Saturday night, about two to three hours before closing time, and some vendors were out of some items on their menu. I really wanted to try Eat Well but I'll have to stop by and try it next time. I'm guessing they're good since they ran out? 
Ordered a poke bowl from Kai and we didn't like it at all. The fish didn't taste fresh and the sauce was extremely salty. It was actually pretty expensive too.
Ordered a lobster roll at Cru and didn't like it either. Generous amount of lobster but it was flavorless. The bread didn't make it any better. So I ended up eating the meat only.
Bar. The bartender was friendly. Drinks were great. Nice place to hang out with friends over drinks.Out of the three food halls in the city, Pythian Market is the least visually appealing but has the best and most extensive food selection.
There is a large cross section of folks who visit the market and it is a comfortable, welcoming environment. Facilities and tables are very clean and the staff is kind and attentive.We went to Edison's espresso bar in here and got to talk to the owner Dee, who was super cool :) the Charcoal Chai tee is really good and we got the breakfast toast, which she walked over to us on a cute wood board. 10/10 would recommend !Great foodcourt badly needed in the city. Diverse and a nice place to sit for an on the go meal. I recommend it.Nice millennial spot to grab a bite to eat and socialize with friends. There's a bar and several eateries to choose from depending on your tastes.This place is awesome! I love food markets like this where the locals can give you their best. They have such a wide variety of eateries to satisfy any craving. This place is perfect to bring a date or a group of friends.They have some nice options, especially if you're not sure what your crew feels like eating. The goat curry from the Jamaican place was pretty good, as was the fried chicken sandwich.A interesting space with several vendors in a food court sitting.  Several different options and includes a bar. For just having happy hour is outstanding.The concept of the market itself is absolutely ingenious! It's reminiscent of a mall's food court kicked up several notches or an upscale, indoor, food truck village. My husband wanted authentic creole food during our most recent visit so we chose Fete au Fete in the market. My husband ordered a trio sampler featuring shrimp and grits, crawfish poutine, and red beans and rice. I selected the shrimp and grits which also features tender, smoked sausage bits, and our seventeen year old daughter chose the crawfish poutine. We were pleasantly surprised! The portions appeared small but the bowls definitely packed enough to defeat our hunger. It was a bit pricey and the chef and server had no idea how to use Apple Pay but learned quickly enough for us. I will definitely visit the market the next time we're in The Big Easy! There's something for everyone. Give em a try!Pretty good and the food was enjoyable. They had a band playing and some of the music wasn't that good.Many options for everyone! I've eaten here a few times already and haven't been disappointed. My fave is the 14 parishes, eat well so far. I tried the jackfruit bowl from Squeezed and it did not taste like jackfruit! So cool how people can disguise jackfruit!I'm a fan! Many options to choose from and all the food is so different. Place is clean and the employees at the food bars were nice and helpful on choosing something to eat. I really like all the options. They also had a King Cake hub! Didn't get any because by the time i was done my La Cocinita arepas, i was super full. 
My only complaint was that the bartenders took forever to even look at you and they weren't that busy and we were kind of in a time crunch since we were headed to the Saengar for a play. Then after she took my order, she took her sweet time making the already made frozen drink. Drink was delicious, but speed it up! Thanks!I love the food court trend that is hitting major foodie cities like New Orleans! I could literally stay here all day, the number of delicious looking dishes passing by my table was enough to make anyone's mouth water.
We also stumbled in during Southern Decadence and a drag brunch and karaoke was happening. Brunch and a show? Amazing. And the queens were top notch! 
We specifically ate at Frencheez, Fete au Fete, and 1908 for drinks. But you'll find literally ANY cuisine you could possibly be craving with the 14 different vendors under one roof. I was extremely pleased with my Nola Trio Sampler that let you taste three New Orleans favorites: red beans and rice, shrimp and grits, and their famous (and fabulous!) Crawfish Poutine. The poutine was the clear winner, and I'll be dreaming of that dish until we visit again next year. The drinks at 1908 were expertly made, and my bloody mary was perfectly spicy. They even have virgin cocktails if you're not up for getting your drink on at the time.So many options in this market. I bought from 3 different places and all had great options and customer service.  I will go again.  Many had vegan options or could make changes to accommodate vegan and vegetarian customers.Awesome "food court!" I love this up and coming concept. I'd come back to try the pizza, since they weren't up and running when I was there.  And maybe get some more empanadas. This place appeals to the drinkers, the meat eaters and vegans too. There really is something here for everyone! 
There is ample seating for families, couples and groups of friends. Plus, it's walking distance to a lot of hotels and businesses. This is also great if you don't want a Cajun/creole restaurant or aren't looking for a fancy restaurant and just seek a quick bite.Want Mac and cheese balls? They have them. Want Brussel sprouts with pecans and pepper jelly, it's there. Want pho? Got it! Poke? Yup! Pizza? Yes.
Lovely spot for lunch with live music and amazing options!Nice renovation of the outside and first floor of the building, second floor and up are apartments. Very clean and a great variety of food vendors and nice looking bar so shouldn't have trouble finding what you like. They also do a variety of functions so can be a fun place after work, parking in same block and very close to the CBDLocated in CBD, right next to the hotel we stayed at. They have several vendors inside the market, but it was a bit expensive. I have never been to any other market in NOLA, so I don't know how this compares against the other ones. We tried the Jerk Chicken plate and couple of fruit/vegetable smoothies. They were decent.Cute place.  The food was surprisingly good, atmosphere was pretty decent, options were good and getting there; however, for what you get it's a little overpriced.  Maybe the landlord needs to lower the rent down so they can lower their prices a tad or increase their portion sizes? ‍I almost lived in the Pythian apartments above this food hall and it would have been tragic for my wallet...definitely a decent food hall as far as variety of options with a little something for everyone (from a bar to bbq to Mediterranean to pizza to seafood to grilled cheese to fried foods to pho to salad/vegan to Jamaican to Mexican and growing), I'm still in the process of working my way through all of the items that caught my eye the first time I came. 
The pho place, although offering chicken or beef pho bowl options, uses beef broth for both, which is unusual as almost all Vietnamese restaurants will have chicken broth for chicken pho bowls. 
Everyone please get a Jamaican patty, they are literally bursting with flavor and heart warming goodness!Great place to hang with a lot of great food options. Check out Kai's for a poke bowl, start your day with a cup of coffee from Roustabout14 Parishes for great Jamaican food, Cru for your oyster fix, Squeeze for your vegan and juice needs, Eat Well for a nice bowl of Pho. If that's not enough to tempt you to check out the Pythian Market, you can also get Frencheeze, Crescent City BBQ, Meribo Pizza, Poulet, Little Fig, La Cocinita, Fete au Fete and wash it down with a nice drink from Bar 1908.Okay Fete au Fete was SO good. I was looking for my Cajun fix and ordered the gumbo and cheese grits. Seriously the man that works there is so so nice! He even let me try beforehand. 
The portions are smaller but filling when you do pair it up. Overall awesome food hall, we had a group of 8 so it was convenient when it came to everyone's preferences. Lots of meat and veggie options with all the different vendors there. Family friendly too :)Ok, fine, I'll tell you...
I've been trying to keep this place my little secret for as long as I could but I cannot stop talking about it. SO, cats outta the bag. Pythian is where it's at. "A food hall for all" is the mantra, and they ain't lyin. No matter if you're in the mood for tacos, pizza, oysters, grilled cheese, coffee, sushi... I mean you name it, they've pretty much got it covered. Not to mention, a full bar and seating area loaded with televisions for sports. 
There is a happy hour, m-f 4-7pm on food as well as drinks. Check out the bar for happy hour special details. Another thing, the music in here has always been on point, whether live or play listed. Bottom line, it's a really cool place to go if you're looking for the best variety of food vendors, cool atmosphere and great service. 
Follow them on social media (IG: @pythianmarket) for mouth-watering photos and updates on events that'll have you wanting to drop in, for sure.Definitely stop by this adorable place for lunch!  I stopped by on Saturday during their jazz lunch session and the band was fantastic.  There is just about any type of food you could want from pizza to jerk chicken and everyone seemed to be enjoying what they ordered.  It seemed to be filled with locals, which probably speaks to their quality.  The bartender was excellent and I decided to go for a brown rice/spicy tuna bowl and it was delish!I was excited to try the Pythian Market with the high powered investment in renovation in downtown building and such. Plus, I dig the market at St. Roch, so thought this might be more of the same. Not. I tried the Poke and the tacos on the day I was there. I have to say that both were let downs. The price demands that the food be top quality, but it just wasn't. Nor in quality or craft did they deliver the goods. I imagine though that those who work in City Hall/downtown will consider themselves lucky to have another eating spot close to work if they can afford it, but both the enterprise and the delivery seemed to lack the style and the flavor worthy of such a prominent spot in New Orleans. The bar is high in our city, granted, which is probably why this place seemed so mediocre in comparison, like another overpriced spot for tourists sandwiched between the office buildings and the Holiday Inn. For their location, I fear not for their survival, but also wonder if there is a way for these places to do better. To be fair, I did not try the pizza over or the bar, which might be this locale's best features.I ALWAYS find myself here with my friends because it is so easy to find something for everyone. So far all the food I've had has been phenomenal. No complaints from me.We all really enjoyed it here. So many choices for different tastes. The poke bowl was so fresh and the people working there were really nice. At the bar we tried a frozen wine drink which was delicious! We actually went here twice we liked it so much. Clean and lots of seats.You have plenty of choices here; but I visited 14 Parishes Jamaican Restaurant and the jerk chicken was wonderful.  I have to go back for the curry goat and oxtails.Pros: A lot of variety. Ample space to sit and eat. Downtown location near the streetcar lines. Chill, live music that adds to the ambiance. 
Cons: Sometimes overcrowded and understaffed. The vendors spaces are small so they can't have more than a two or three people working there at a time, so waits can be long and corners can get cut on food.Something Different for my Family. Hubby and I took the kids out tonight. This was a very relaxing environment. Music and atmosphere was great . So many food vendors to choose from.Really diggin' the vendors!
So, I've tried the St.Roch Market and Auction House before, but I'd have to say this one is my favorite! I felt that Pythian gives a wide variety of what New Orleans has to offer. There's a parking lot for $8, but if you come after 7pm it's free street parking. 
(Fave to least)
Eat Well 
Banh Mi - $12 - char siu pork
Phoritto - $12 - sliced brisket 
Stuffed Chicken Wings - $8 - tossed in sweet honey chili sauce 
I've been eating Eat Well for years at their original canal location. They are seriously my forever top banh mi! The Char Siu Pork is lifeeeee - loaded with meat, pickled carrots, jalapenos and fresh cilantro! I promise you, you won't be disappointed! The phoritto concept is a must have you haven't. You still get the same aromatic broth on the side and everything else stuffed in a burrito! Oh wait, THE BEST part is the stuffed chicken wings! This is a new menu item that is super addicting and delicious! The stuffing is classic vietnamese eggroll made of pork, clear vermecilli, and other seasoning. I can't tell you how much I just love this place!
Frencheeze 
Rachel Grilled Cheese - $8 - smoked gouda provolone, pesto aioli 
Mac n' Cheese Balls - $5 - drizzled with aioli sauce 
I really wanted to try the Molly grilled cheese, but they didn't have the ingredients for it so I settled for a Rachel. The buttery crispy thick bread held the cheese well. It was okay - I don't normally eat that much cheese so it was a bit heavy for me. Yooooooo, those cheese balls are dangerous. The exterior was nicely breaded and the inside was nice and fluffy filled with elbow noodles. It wasn't cheesy like I'd imagine but the aioli sauce was gold! 
Cru
Fried Gulf Oysters - $15 - topped ahi tartare & black pepper infused caviar 
Just layers of favor! The bottom had a creamy aioli sauce then topped with lightly fried oyster, fresh ahi, and of course the caviar. These were pretty tasty, but there's only four so share with someone you love the most. 
14 Parishes
Jerk Chicken - $13 - with callaloo
The chicken was nicely flavored but could be a little more moist. The callaloo was sautéed cabbage with simple seasoning. The bbq sauce on the side was a nice addition to give more flavor to the chicken. They gave me a sample of their plantains and it was really good, not too sweet!
Bar 1908 
Watermelon Paloma - $10
Yassss, this reminds me of the love I have for frozes! I'd have to say I would want one of these sugary goodness everytime I go.... and I've been twice. 
Overall, I loved the experience here. Everyone is quite friendly and the venue is a great place to hangout or catch-up with some friends. Don't quote me exact on the prices. I will have to make sure I get those numbers right in my next update!My Husband and I dine again on 4/ 1 / 2019  a very special day for us . We just wanted to spend time together in a laid back environment. Everything was Fantastic. The Owners of this establishment was amazing. Lisa and the other Sunshine ( the Owners) was very hospitable.  Thank you . Faith was very friendly . The young lady at Frenchcheeze  greeted us with a smile , remember our order and thank us for coming back !!!!!! Also the Manager Christian from the Dirty South  vendor was great  .Jacob at Meribo Pizza has a great personality. However, we didn't get food from there , he made us laugh.I absolutely love this place! I'm here on a quick trip to New Orleans and the food at Fete on Fete is amazing i ordered the crawfish poutine very good well seasoned!
Now let me get to the bar Bar 1908 i ordered a mimosa is was just okay however it his Patron Paloma OMG amazing I haven't had a drink this amazing ever the bartender name is Nick and he's thee best very friendly and very intelligent he holds thee best conversations ever! 
You gotta try the bar at Pythian MarketsMy first time here. The place has a best atmosphere. Live music and drinks is all I need to have a great time. Parishes is a awesome Jamaican place. The food is so food and authentic. Bar 1908 also has some great cocktails. Even staples such as gin and tonic are made with a bit of extra life. I enjoyed my time and I will be back.I've been a few times and am a big fan! The market is within walking distance from my workplace. The layout is a typical "food hall" layout with a multitude of vendors. 
Pro Tip: There are water "stations" around the food hall so that patrons can pour themselves water. Over all, big and bright. 
I've had food from La Cocinita, 14 Parishes, Meribo Pizza, and Little Fig.Definitely check out Pythian Market if you're in the mood for 'a little bit of everything'. This food hall has a wide variety of cuisines to choose from and the overall atmosphere is industrial/hip. I went on a Sunday for lunch and it was not crowded (plus free street parking).
I'm a sucker for Jamaican food, so I decided on 14 Parishes. I had the oxtail entrée with rice & peas and callaloo. The oxtail was flavorful and falling off the bone. I also enjoyed the callaloo in conjunction with the rice. The portions were large and I was quite stuffed with this portion. 
From Bar 1908, my friend and I ordered the frozen watermelon paloma and the dark & stormy. These frozen drinks were perfect for the hot NOLA weather! Would order again, they were so good! 
Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will be back to try out other vendors!I came here on a Saturday night, not too crowded. frencheez sliders were scrumptious, I got the dirty south ones. The fried oysters from Cru NOLA are a must. This market is a great option for a big group or if you're in the city solo.We checked this place out early in the morning so only two or three stands were open. However, the concept is neat and the stands inside look promising. I'm sad we didn't get a chance to experience it when everything was open. We did enjoy some coffee and breakfast pastries from roustabout while we were there and the atmosphere was nice. When in New Orleans again I will have to make a stop and visit the other vendors.A cool concept but don't go toward the end of the night. We went at 7:45 on a Monday and Willie Mae's was closed for the night for no apparent reason and the taco place was out of guac and pork (2 of the four parts of the Venezuelan sampler). Two other restaurants close early too. The Vietnamese place had some good bites though. We wouldn't go back due to the availability of product/services. Super disappointing.Great place! Little Fig is my favorite. The lentil soup is fantastic!  I had a small hiccup tonight but they made it right immediately!Something for everyone!  I have eaten at most places and  everything is really good.  Items can be a bit pricey for a self-service walk up menu, but still reasonable for a downtown lunch option.What a nice surprise!
We were on the last full day of our epic, long weekend in New Orleans. We knew it was going to be pouring down rain until later afternoon, so we decided to chill in our hotel (the Moxy) that morning, then venture out for lunch.
It was still pouring at 11AM, so checked Yelp for good food options nearby, with possibilities for vegan.
Up popped the Pythian Market food hall.
What?!
Why hadn't I noticed this before -- just one block away from our hotel?? Wish I'd noticed them earlier -- we would have become instant regulars.
Anyway, we RAN to Pythian -- trying not to get too wet in the process. Stepped inside and WOW -- LOTS of enticing food options to choose from. Caribbean, Vietnamese, Japanese/poke, Italian/pizza, Southern/Creole/soul food, Middle Eastern, Venezuelan/Latin, coffee, bar, and more -- many with vegan offerings.
Damn -- now we were faced with a HUGE dilemma -- what to choose?
We started with iced mochas from Edison's Espresso and Tea Bar. I went for a vermicelli noodle bowl with shrimp from from Eatwell Vietnamese Food, and my wife went for the Very Vegan House Bowl from Kais (Japanese).
Mochas were super good, my noodle bowl was very tasty, and my wife loved her vegan bowl filled with tofu, edamame, mango, cucumber, pickled ginger, and more.
Great place to hang out on a rainy New Orleans day (ok -- ANY day!)!I'm really digging these "food courts" that are trending. Mainly because I have ADD and want to try all the things. Pythian Market is a building with all the things jammed inside of it. Want a frozen drink? BBQ? pizza? Pho? You want it all at once? Noooo problem! 
My recommended vendors are 1908 for cocktails. The frozen Watermelon Paloma is so refreshing and a delight on a hot day. I think their frozen drinks rotate so you might not find that exact drink, but I think its safe to say all of them are likely delicious. 
Meribo Pizza was a delight and cured my case for the happy hour hunger pang. The ingredients were high quality on a thin crust pizza and I am here for it!
It's the perfect place to catch happy hour with a big group as it offers plenty of seating and many options to satisfy all your peoples.The only thing that could make pythian better is ramen.  I moved away from the area shortly after opening and I wish I had visited more.  
I appreciate the neighborhood deals from #bar1908.  #bottles 
I love the food options. Not knowing what to eat, I can come here and find something. 
The pizza joint is oh so delish (as I stuff my face with wild mushroom goodness) and I don't need to worry about ordering a whole pie. Peep that review #meribopizza
Apparently its king cake central too. #mardigrasSo many yummies! The most affordable of the markets in NOLA. They have some of the most Instagramable meals such as the phoritto, tuna cones, poke, raw oysters, and more more more! I just wish they had an ice cream/dessert place. The churros from La Cocinita took care pf my dessert craving. The bloody Marys from the bar were perfect. They mix it in house and It had the perfect amount of spicy so if you wanted to add heat you totally could. My friend from the north said the lobster roll was disappointing. Guess we just don't have the resources to produce great ones down here. Will be back at the market to try more soon!I've ordered from here multiple times and the delivery process was quick and easy! They even delivered a bottle of champagne! I've also attended a few trivia nights and happy hours here before everything shut down and they were so fun. The bartenders were friendly and poured generously! Great atmosphere and can't wait to have more trivia nights there as soon as it opens up again. The history of the building is super cool as well.I was searching through Instagram during my trip to New Orleans and found a post about the Pythian Market. There's a similar concept restaurant where I live in Pittsburgh so I was intrigued. My cousins and I stopped by to have a drink at 1908 and ordered some frozen Watermelon Palomas which were delicious. I was hoping they would have some Frose, but these were great!There are so many food options, it was difficult to choose! The staff was very friendly and helpful. I ended up with the crawfish poutine which was fast, filling, and delicious.Went twice in two days! I really love the adult food court trend that is in New Orleans right now. Lots of different choices in one place. I went on a Friday during lunch time and it was, as expected, pretty busy but I still got my food (from Frencheeze) in a timely manner. I went back Saturday and it was pretty empty. The watermelon Paloma at 1908 is very, very good. I enjoyed some arepas from La Cocinita. Great quality food. Can't wait to go back and try the other vendors.My god. I have been dying to come visit this place and I am so glad that I did today for lunch. Pythian Market concept is very much like Auction House Market or St Roch - massive food court type deal but WHOLE A LOT better than the other two aforementioned. I really was astonished by the massive size and the variety of vendors they have in there; Mexican, Vietnamese, Mediterranean, Jamaican, some oyster bar at the back, Coffee and Vegan friendly option... I mean, is this an international fair or what?! If you come in a group, I guarantee that everybody will find something that satisfies each individual's taste bud. 
I love the open/free style vibe this place got. I really wasn't impressed with Auction House Market with its ridiculous "CBD TAX" marked-up price points but Pythian is not as bad at all. I find all the goodies to be cheaper over here. A lot more group friendly as well. Come stop by for a drink after work, lunch with friends/family or coworkers, come pick up a dinner by yourself or briefly poke your head for your caffeine fix ; this place literally is adequate for any occasion. 
I ate at 14 Parishs (Jamaican) today and y'all THEY HAVE CURRY CHICKEN PATTY. I mean... do I have to convince you more?Kais poke bowls are hands down one of the best poke bowls in the city. They use fresh ingredients and for the price, I it think this place tops all poke places in the city.