Peche was better than I expected. The crawfish croquettes and the drum entree were absolutely delicious. And, our server, Heather, was fantastic!!The atmosphere was warm and inviting, with its greying weathered brick walls and wood beams, and the sunset diffusely casting a rose glow through the high windows. There was a feel of the harbor here, a vast knowledge of the sea. 
The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. Richard invited our table of four to share a whole grilled fish with tomatoes and basil, and I have to say, it was steamy perfection. 
We also shared tuna tartare, hush puppies, fish sticks, green salad, white beans and bacon, corn, and roasted green beans with harissa.  
Everything was wonderful, and needless to say, we were more than satisfied. 
With a plentiful selection of cocktails, wines, beer and cider, if you haven't yet checked out Pêche for lunch or dinner, you don't know what you're missing.I've probably been here 15 times, and it's always been amazing. I highly suggest just splitting a bunch of small plates and crudos and then also getting one of the whole fish on offer that day. Wine list is great. Service is pretty solid most times, maybe a little rushed, but they're usually slammed, so I hardly notice. It can get loud in there so definitely not the spot for a quiet evening. Definitely try to make a reservation. I've never gone without one except at like 10pm or at lunch. Even if they're full though, you can usually sneak into the oyster bar on the early side or late side.Really neat atmosphere. We had dinner at the bar and the service was great! We were always attended to! 
Really fresh oysters and seafood. They also have local beer!Excellent food, service was good, environment is nice. Stopped for late lunch with family after the WWII museum. All good but a bit $$$$I wanted to like this restaurant...If you like spicy hot food, this place is for you.  I'm unable to eat spicy food so I ordered what I thought would not be spicy.  Small plate Lamb Kebobs with yogurt sauce.  Hot!  My friend is unable to eat spicy food so she ordered the baked Drum in mushroom sauce.  Hot Hot!  The shrimp is cooked with jalepenos.  We had 2 appetizers, the crawfish & the shrimp.  Both Hot!  Don't bother asking the wait staff if the food is spicy, they don't consider any of the items we ordered to be hot.  There was a wierd dessert menu that didn't appeal to any of us so we went elsewhere for dessert.  The restaurant was crazy loud.  We were in a booth and had to shout.Peche is the best restaurant in the world. After my third time there, I am finally writing this review. The raw tuna (different variations usually on special) literally melts in your mouth. The whole fish specials are always phenomenal. Tonight's was a roasted flounder with satsuma butter. It was heavenly. We also had the baked drum which was the best drum we've ever had. Drinks are amazing, as is dessert. Basically, anything you order will blow your mind / tastebuds so do yourself a favor and make a reservation asap. Service is amazing, ambience is fairly casual and very inviting. Just go and see for yourself.I couldn't have been more impressed in the first five trips here. Truly an amazing place, phenomenal service, well thought out menu, can't go wrong with anything (Except perhaps the fish baked with a tomato broth which was good but nothing you can't make at home). Great place to impress visitors. The menu now bores me a bit. Everything tastes the same, slightly overseasoned and salted.  Fried bread balls inconsistently dry/moist. Same with smoked tuna dip. Amazing flank steak. It shocks me though that in 2016 A place like this won't allow you to substitute Brabaunt potatoes for something a little healthier (and equally cheap) like sautéed garlicky greens, etc., especially if you want to splurge on carbs in the form of a much more interesting fried/heavy appetizers.Really great food, presentation and service. Decently priced and overall beautiful restaurant too. The food does have some very distinct strong flavors, so be ready for that.Very disappointing.  Unless you want to eat whole fish (I don't), the menu is pretty odd (some very strange ingredient combos and a neglectful lack of vegetables or healthy choices). And they are very rigid in that they won't make any substitutions or omissions, even a simple request as leaving out the cilantro that was sprinkled on top of the tuna appetizer special or having a boneless chicken breast - the waiter just flat out said no, didn't  even bother check with the kitchen.  There was NOT ONE salad on the menu (I was told their supplier of lettuce has not had any lately - huh? - yet i saw some shredded iceberg on the shrimp roll).  I asked if they could make a simple vegetarian plate of "healthy vegetables" - i was served 2 different kinds of  fried potatoes and some oily "sauteed" (fried) brussels sprouts.  There are so many great places to eat in New Orleans - go elsewhere.great variety of seafood prepared in a modern southern tilt. their fried bread is a must have so is their chocolate/peanut butter/banana desert.First time here but it won't be the last. We had a lot of the dishes that our server recommended and everything turned out great! Definitely must try the grilled drum and the crab with jalapeños.Service was good, food was alright. Nice ambiance, stayed for appetizers and took off for dinner.Great staff and great service. The wait staff was very attentive to our large number. The smoked tuna was the absolute best ever!Loved this restaurant.  Had a fantastic lunch that included the fish collars, a red shrimp in garlic sauce, a risotto, and a squash casserole.  All was delicious, and I would readily come back for another occasion at this restaurant.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality and taste.The food was amazing. We got a lot of small plates for the table and they were all great. The oysters were really good and there was a sauce with them I've never tasted before that was very yummy. I tried a drink with cucumber in it and it was awesome as well.Great atmosphere. Whole fish is what I am costumed to so I had higher expectations of it. Monica at the bar was awesome. Fried bread is a must try.This has to be the hottest restaurant in New Orleans right now. The food is memorable!Stumbled on this place trying to escape parade crowds. We had oysters, a raw tuna appetizer, brussels, and hushpuppies for appetizers, and they were great (I think it's hard to make those things exceptional.) 
However, we also had a white fish special (I can't remember the type of fish) that was just amazing, and I have NEVER been amazed by a white fish. It came out as a whole fish, and you picked the skin and meat off the bones. The skin was heavily salted, and the fish was in a butter sauce. The flavor was fantastic. 
Anyway, 5 stars for a totally expectation-exceeding entree and an otherwise solid experience.Not impressed. Gumbo was way too Smokey. The shrimp toast tasted as though the grease it was fried in was old. 
I can now say, been there and done that. But won't do it again.I have been here for lunch on each of two visits in the last 18 months.  It has been sublime both times.  I don't know about dinner, but these lunches were 5 star.  The food was an outstanding representation of what is fresh and available in that region.  It is seafood centric but offers just enough meat dishes to keep everyone happy.  We loved raw tuna, catfish w/ pickled greens, fresh oysters, and the Chicken Diablo.  Don't allow yourself to believe that any of this sounds mundane.  All of the dishes are excellent!  The Chef has a deft touch to ensure that his dishes stand among the best in the city.  The service was very attentive and friendly.  They just make you feel comfortable.  I like the space.  It is open and airy, and I suppose it could get noisy.  It is in the warehouse District and we walked from the French Quarter.  If you hate walking, take a cab.  This is a great New Orleans experience.  Don't miss it.So so good! Was recommended here by a friend who told us to try the fried bread. Decided to eat a few appetizers before our concert began. We ended up eating half the menu, it was so good! Stared off the with Shrimp bisque, gulf shrimp from the raw bar and the lamb skewers. Yum yum yum. For dinner we ordered the shrimp and beans, so tasty. The spicy shrimp and noodle small plate and the potato side....we just about licked the plates clean!! This place has an awesome vibe and decor, the servers were super attentive. Loved everything about Peche!!I felt like the menu was kind of oddly put together.  I was definitely skeptical but the oysters were fabulous and my shrimp roll was exactly as I hoped it would be.  I was really happy with my meal and drinks.  $5 a beer or buy a pitcher for $15, no brainer, pitchers were huge and great beer selection.  My only complaint, my boyfriend got the shrimp bisque, I guess bisque makes me think creamy with sherry since I'm from the north.  This was strange, not good tasting and had no solid shrimp in it. I would not get the bisque again.Every single dish I tried in this restaurant was amazing. This is the best food in New Orleans. It makes my top 3 list for restaurants I've ever been to. The fried bread is money.Just do not understand the rave reviews here. Our party of four out-of-towner visitors  were SO looking forward to having a memorable meal here. We had the fish sticks and brussel sprouts that everyone here has raved about. Found them to be nothing special. Cannot even tell you what we had as an entrée; it was that forgettable. The four of us were very disappointed. In a city known for it's food, better can undoubtably be found elsewhere.5 stars for the food and 1 star for the service. The bus boys were very helpful and quick to clean up but the waitress would not stop to explain the different types of dishes. We would ask questions and she would not give straight forward answers. We wanted to order the whole red snapper but she would not put it and would not explain why. The waitress and the hostess are the only reason I am not giving this a 5 star review. 
The food was amazing. The red snapper was cooked perfectly. We had a dozen local fresh oysters that were huge with delicious horseradish. The cocktails are fun and the wine was great. The shrimp bisque was creamy and perfectly seasoned. The duck pasta dish was delicious. The smoked tuna dip looks like tuna salad but it's really yummy. The hush puppies were so good. The shrimp dish with cauliflower was the best dish and the Brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly with a vinegar sauce. Definitely come for the food.Wow,  all of the food was amazing, you missy get the drum fish, it was the best meal we have had for a long time.  We decided to get 3 apps and 1 entree for 2 people, it was easily enough food.  This is a must to location in New OrleansWe stopped by Peche while visiting New Orleans based on the fact that it was recommended by 5-6 local drivers and bartenders. 
We sat at the bar and loved the staff! They were all super friendly, our bartender was VERY knowledgeable about the dishes and gave great recommendations! We got the coconut line snapper, the roasted carrots and pickled catfish. All were unique dishes and DELICIOUS!! We'll define tally be back next time we're in town!I have eaten here numerous times.  It is perfect.  Period.Beautiful rehabilitation of an historic building. Wonderful interior, ambiance and service. My smothered catfish was excellent, as where the oysters and the pineapple cake.  Highly recommend.I was in town for a conference this week, and dropped the ball on checking out local flavor. Lucky for me, a last minute reservation for 1 was available. Never having been to New Orleans before, I wasn't sure about getting around, but thankfully everything is pretty close by if you're staying near the convention center. A 10 minute walk and a gorgeous sunset later, I came upon the incredibly crowded Pêche, a good sign on a Tuesday night. I was seated quickly and started into the menu. Starting with a half dozen area 3 oysters and the shrimp toast, I was thrilled. Big, meaty oysters and fantastically rich, ground and fried shrimp set a good stage. I don't normally drink beer, but my Abita strawberry ale had a light flavor that seemed to go well (I don't know anything about beer, it tasted good to me, so that's all that matters). My main course was smothered catfish and a side of fried Brussels sprouts with chili vinegar. All of these flavors came together beautifully, with the spices coming together in each bite. The damage wasn't bad either. Lots of food at a really reasonable price. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll be back, and remember to make a reservation before my trip!Great service and nice banter with the wait staff compliment some spectacular New Orleans style sea food! 
On a walk from the French Quarter to The Garden District, my date and I happened on this place for lunch. Promptly seated before the Saturday lunch rush, we ordered and were served in great time. 
The seafood gumbo was great starter to my steak tartar, big of which hit a spot that hadn't been reached in my time here yet. And the cauliflower, baked with cheese and rice was fantastic and I don't like cauliflower!!! 
We paired it all off with some fantastic bloody Marry's and we were out the door for a reasonable price. Try it if you're in the neighborhood or just passing through.I'm really torn on this review, I had a great time here but all 8 of us agreed that all of our food was way too salty. And I love salty food but it all seemed like someone salted it, forgot and salted it again. I don't know if it was an off night or what but I was disappointed. A fee of us left without finishing their food due to the just straight salt flavor, I'd like to think this place is not normally like this but who knows? I went in a large group and we got apps, entrees and desserts and we all left disappointed despite having a good time and having drinks. I would like to give this place another shot someday and hope that last night was an off night. I'm tempted to give it two stars but I did have a fun time and the drinks were great, our waitress was super friendly and attentive as well.The drum entree was amazing and worth visiting for!  Shrimp appetizer not as much a fan as it was a peel-your-own-with-shrimpheads-on situation.  The potatoes that came with the the steak were completely over salted to the point of extreme salt.  Hush puppies quite good, however.  Desserts:  key lime pie not bad and the flan chocolate thing was good.Ok, so the food here is very good although the menu is very limited.  The bar makes a sound old fashion but didn't muddle the cherry.   The service is sub par to terrible even for a tourist trap ( which I don't consider this place).  We waited 1.5 hours for our food at 930 pm with multiple waitress changes.  Management pretty much unapologetic and a little arrogant considering the situation.  Just to be clear, food is a solid 4 stars, service is terrible.  I do about 12 shows a year in New Orleans and have been here before, but this is the second negative experience so I do not recommend.  See other reviews for a better New Orleans experience!Peche has pretty much been my favorite spot for the last 3 years. Never disappointed & the service  is strong every time we walk through it's doors.
Last time I was there I swear I had a out of body experience. A transcending food high.
Some tips, the whole fish is imperative.
The salsa verde is still our favorite sauce.
Fry bread is a must for soaking up this utilitarian sauce. The smoked tuna dip with saltines is a homey, comfortable starter with assortment from the raw bar. Desserts there also have a strong game. And of course explore the cocktail menu.
After all it's the Big Easy!Loved peche, but I wouldn't expect anything less from the team that brought us Cochon. We got to trya. Bunch of things and although I'm sure there are a lot of other great items as it is. Wonderful menu, this will makes. Great meal
Catfish smothered with white rice.
Drum
Tuna dip
Cappelini w/ crab
Fried bread- this might be one of the best things I have ever eaten.
Artichoke and crab fritters
Squash bacon rice casserole
The Shrimp toast was a little bit of a let down as were the red shrimp. But they might have just been overlooked.
A new must for Nola.We were looking forward to our meal here after making reservations more than a month out. Peche won the James Beard Award for New Restaurant in 2014, so our expectations were high. People had recommended that we go with one of the whole fish dishes, because that was the restaurant's specialty. 
Well, when we ordered, one of the two whole fish options was sold out, which seemed strange because our reservations were right in the middle of prime time at 8 p.m. No problem. We went with the other option. Five minutes later, the waiter came back and told us that it, too, was sold out. 
We were forced to reconsider and found a few things on the menu. Everything was fine, but none of the dishes was memorable. 
My guess is that after the awards, this restaurant simply outgrew itself. They are clearly getting doing well - the place was packed - but it felt more like a run-of-the-mill seafood chains to me. And it didn't taste much better. 
There are so many great restaurants in New Orleans. You can definitely do better than Peche.Sat at the bar for a late lunch.  Spectacular food.  Great staff.  Tuna on the raw bar menu was the best.  Brussel sprouts were good.  Seafood gumbo in a dark rich broth was off the hook.The highest possible score to Peche. The one restaurant in New Orleans that wowed us beyond belief. The only restaurant we visited in NOLA with first class service that engaged us, told the story of the menu complete with description and suggestion, and allowed us to feel so comfortable that we never wanted to leave. The only restaurant we visited in New Orleans with a menu that felt truly balanced. Not only is the space beautiful, but the staff is incredibly warm and welcoming. We sat at the raw bar and were lucky enough to catch a little behind the scenes action while at our perch. Way to go above and beyond! 
We sampled a number of different items: each variety of LA oyster. Kudos to the raw bar for keeping these shells as clean as can be. The smoked drum salad with potato and English peas was incredibly smoky and refreshing and the brightness of the peas brought balance and texture. The shrimp toast was a fun snack, and the shrimp bisque was very nice as well. I love the crispy pepitas for texture. The fried bread was the thing that you must not leave without trying. Plus our friends at the raw bar hooked up a little crème anglaise as a dip that took it to the moon. At this point we were about to hit the wall so a final order was placed for the shrimp and noodles. This was another slam dunk - ground shrimp, homemade pasta in a chili pepper sauce and I am a happy camper. Thank you Peche for providing us with the absolute best dining experience on our trip in New Orleans.Possibly the best food I've ever had. Shrimp bisque was full of depth and complex flavors, tuna was served on a bed of wonderfully spiced corn and nuts, fish special was perfectly cooked and flavored. Don't pass up the hushpuppies.
To drink I had the Hemingway--light, sweet, and refreshing. I liked the flavor of the cucumber.
Tip: bring a jacket or wrap. The temperature of the room was a bit chilly and I saw several diners wearing their jackets and shawls.This place was divine. Being gluten and dairy free, it's hard to find places that are accommodating. The staff was SUPER helpful and understanding. I got the tuna, and I'm still dreaming about it!Some of the best oysters in the city. Seafood platter is huge. Pasta dishes were great and the key lime pie is pretty good as wellExtremely unfriendly to group parties. They took our reservation for 11 without any hassle, yet never disclosed the policy to only accept 4 credit cards and not split the check.
Food was decent, but not worth the hassle. In this electronic driven age how are we unable to split a simple table!!!!!On a four day trip to NO and we have had 3 meals a day each from a different local establishment, and this was by far the best. The service was impeccable - friendly, fast and cheerful. Food was sublime. Complex flavors and proper portions at a fair price. I had the baked Drum and it was by far, the best fish dish I have ever had. Highly recommended!Energetic atmosphere.  Unique and eclectic menu with new twists on old New Orleans style food.
Highly recommend the steak tartare appetizer . It has a myriad of flavors and is something you might just consider eating as your dinner.  The drum was done to perfection .  White mild fish in a savory lightly spicy tomato broth with a crusty bread for dipping . It was amazing !   This is a must for dining when in New OrleansI only had drinks here, so I can't tell you much about the menu, but the drinks were good. A little pricey but what I expected for craft cocktails. I had a Blue Buffalo, which was bourbon with muddled blueberries. It was excellent. Also, they have a drink with thyme in it called the Morris Day, and any bar that makes a Morris Day and the Time joke on their menu is a good bet.Came here during a conference, so was incredibly Busy and crowded. Make reservations. 
ENVIRONMENT
Very open floor plan with a bar on one side with some standing space.
APPS
Hush Puppies - awesome fried balls with a nice aioli.
Smoked Tuna Dip - great smokey tuna salad with saltines
Ahi ceviche - great raw ahi with avocado sauce and nuts
ENTREE
Jumbo Shrimp and Rice Cake - nice spice from the chili butter, Max sure you mix it all together. This is heaven.I really loved our meal here after all the heavy food on our trip but I have to say nothing was so distinctive NOLA.  The freshness and combinations were awesome.  The service was a little disjointed and slow but I loved the decor and really tasty fresh seafood.Really nice place and the food was top notch. My wife had the ground shrimp and noodles and I finished the dish for her. Just the right amount of hot. I tried the clams  on the half shell and the crab claws from the raw bar. Both were delicious. Probably our favorite meal on this trip to NOLAUpdates:  ground shrimp pasta dish was super spicy 2nd time ordered.  Still amazing but for heat lovers only.  
Oysters from area 3 and gulf shrimp were fresh and the best I've had in Nola.Awesome meal. Not sure I'd give it best new restaurant in the US but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a reservation but still had to wait at the bar for about 20 minutes. The menu style of apps, small plates and large lends itself to the way we love to eat and share everything. The fried bread is to die for. We had the tuna dip (really good), the shrimp noodles (great) and the redfish with salsa verde (awesome) with a side of Brussels and the pineapple rum cake. I wish I was eating this whole meal again.
Super knowledgeable and helpful servers.The concierge at Grenoble House recommended this place our first night in New Orleans and couldn't have been happier anywhere else! We were looking for a casual, but nice place, with good ambience and great food and were we impressed. Such a good first impression on New Orleans food...everything was so flavorful and delicious. My mom and I started with the Seafood Gumbo which was amazing and not to spicy for our sensitive palates. I had the grilled tuna for my main course and I swear I've never had better even down to the greens. My parents shared the whole redfish and only heard delicious between bites. You need to dedicate a meal to this place. Amazing menu - if we were here longer, we'd visit more just to be able to try more!! Would order everything off the menu. Yummy food without being overly heavy! Will remember this experience forever for the perfect taste of new orleans.I just love this place.  The staff is first rate, and the food is so innovative, fresh, and delicious. The seafood salad and smoked tuna dip are great starters though next time I will definitely try the crab salad with peas and chili aioli.  I know the whole grilled fish is quite popular but I don't like anything staring at me before I eat it so I have passed on it and I think it usually comes in at around $40.  I also think the seafood platter from the raw bar doesn't offer great value but it sure is a beautifully presented appetizer and I am certain great tasting in months that include the letter r (because of the raw oysters).  I must also add the Brussels sprouts are a must try and the raw tuna from the raw bar was such an amazing dish I dreamed about.  Just like their cousin-like restaurant Cochon, these guys raise meat, fish, and smoke to an art form.Excellent meal. From snacks to entree. We started with the smokes tuna and shrimp croquettes which were both great. Them had the grilled whole red fish and was absolutely amazing.  Couldn't make it to dessert as the fish was huge.  Definitely will be going back again for more.Unbelievable!
From the fun. Cocktails( the Hemingway to the Buffalo Louie) to the AMAZEBALLS smoke tuna dip. To the whole redfish with salsa verde & Brussels sprouts & potatoes. Wow.  Unreal. Delicious. Enjoy!!!!!Excellent and attentive service. Convenient location on Magazine with ample street parking.
Fresh seafood prepared as you choose. Oysters on the shell and the largest shrimp I have ever encountered. As I am a beer man, good selection of regionals.Odd place. Country atmosphere. Waiters compete for the most tattoos and piercings. Big prices, little food. Arrived and left hungry. 
Not sure what the big deal is and who it really appeals to.This is our third time here and It's one of our favorite places for seafood in NOLA. As you as soon enter the door (very subtle entrance) you're quickly greeted and seated. It's an open area nicely lit that's inviting, relaxing without pretension. Service is great and the food outstanding. The last time we ordered a red fish for the table...my local friends assured me that would unfriend me if I pay $60 for a redfish again :) The menu did offer a 22oz ribeye for the table for $60 WTF? lol For lunch we ordered the baked drum fish and jumbo shrimp with bacon (the shrimp is small). At first the portions looked small but turned out to be perfect. Thw white beans with bacon is a must for a side dish! For starters we had the fried toast with sea salt. Yum! It's like a bite size pretzel ball.  As busy as this place can get you're in a out in less than an hour (based on a party of 4). We finished off with key lime pie and pineapple rum cake and both were delish!  We'll come here again but always for lunch.This place is more of a lunch place than dinner. #pecheWe went there Friday night.  They didn't take phone reservation and told us walk in only.  When we got there at 8 pm, they told us it would be 2 hour wait.  We went to the bar and waited.  After 30 mins, we got seats at the bar.  We ordered shrimp toast, fried bread and sea salt, grill scallops, seafood gumbo, crab and jalapeño capellini and one dozen Louisiana raw oysters.  All of the food we ordered was so good.  In my opinion, the raw oyster was great ($1.35 each), totally worth the value.  The bartenders were friendly and services was quick. Would recommend this place (make a reservation first)Best meal I've had in New Orleans in a very long time. Eat here. Don't ask questions. Just do it!This place is delicious. Beyond what I expected. We sat at the raw bar anzd the cooks were personable and so nice!Fantastic!  They gave us a hard time about being late for our reservation (even though we had called and made it 10 minutes prior), but that didn't matter once we sat down and started eating.
The cocktails are delicious, the food is amazing (we had an app, two entrees, two sides) and lived up to it's incredible reputation.  
The service was attentive, friendly and knowledgable.
We closed the place down and they were very nice about it.  Not at all pushy and overall just very polite.  We didn't even realize we were the only people still here - that's how great they were.
It was a really nice night, I highly recommend a visit.We had the chicken diablo.  It was fabulous!  One of the best meals we had in a long time!  Wait staff was excellent!  Ended the meal with triple chocolate cheesecake!  Yum!Over priced food that was mediocre. Paying for atmosphere which is beautiful and great location.Over 1000 reviews and a good rating score show that you should try this restaurant. We ordered the Gumbo & Bisque soups and the Crab Jalapeño Capellini, which were both tasty. Then, we ordered the Smothered Catfish and White Brans, which were OK. The smothered catfish was tasteless and the White Brans wasn't a good side for it. Appetizers got ready pretty soon but the entree came very late.My first visit to Pêche Seafood Grill was the same time last year, and it was just as I remembered. Raw Oysters - Louisiana and Alabama; Smoked Tuna Salad; Crab Claws. It was good to see some of the same bar staff and Heather has a future at the Happiest Place on Earth. She made sure we were happy the entire time we were there. Thanks for recommending Gnarly Barley. The next time I visit I will be sure to make reservation and I look forward to seeing you the same time next year.Srsly tho. Y'all ARE great. Good Night!!!
We went to Pêche on a whim when another seafood (sort of?) restaurant (n7) was unaccommodating, too Bourgeoise, etc. 
I really REALLY wanted the whole roasted fish, which I've had before and it was amazing, but we ended up sharing a bunch of things. 
The non-fried seafood platter was super refreshing and the two pasta dishes (small plates) and two sides were too much. The Bert side ate like a dessert, it was so good. It was all so good.Food was incredible. Everything we ate was rich and delicious. The staff was very knowledgeable and timely. We enjoyed the open atmosphere, good music and great location. 5 stars for sure!Delicious and fun. Get the whole fish and any specials they have. Ryan Prewitt is a genius. He taught a class I took at the Atlanta Food and Wine Festival and after having his food there I knew I had to go. Make reservations early.Within wali g distance of the main drag - Canal and Bourbon.  The open space and exposed beams show the former commercial nature of the building and is pleasing. Had a group of nine with no reservations and only waited a short while. Lots of people eating and having a good time. 
The hush puppies were large and had a bite from same jalapeño (guessing). Very good and a bit with the group. The gumbo was very good - deep brown roux. I had the shrimp roll, which was surprisingly good - I usually don't expect much with food like shrimp salad, etc.  As it's name implies, it was similar to a lobster roll. The shrimp were of good size, the dressing light and the celery pieces crisp.
Those who had oysters on the half seemed to enjoy them. 
The server was very good - an experienced man with a ready smile and good recommendations.
Great spot for dinner and a positive atmosphere.We ordered the whole red snapper. It was really quite bad. It tasted extremely fishy, like it was just starting to turn. I've had the whole red snapper here before and it was delicious -- mild, almost buttery. Unfortunately we got a bad fish this time around. Everything else was great (tuna tar tar, beans, shrimp toast, fried bread)I go in for lunch at least once a week. Usually have either the steak tartare or the raw bar de jour. I have never been disappointed. Perfect.Awesome place. Best seafood ever eaten by me. Very well prepared and the service is out of this world. I will cone back here for sure. No doubt about it.This was a fabulous meal. We especially enjoyed the oysters, the tuna crude special, the baked drum and the Brussels sprouts. We were a bit underwhelmed by the soups and wish we had gotten a second side or small plate instead. Overall everything was delicious along with a nice atmosphere and good service. They even gave us a special treat for our celebration. Very pleased all around and would recommend it to anyone visiting or staying in New Orleans.This is the best restaurant for seafood in New Orleans! It is somewhere between dressy and casual, but just has a great feel and ambiance.DELICIOUS! Crawfish, jalapeño capellini was a bomb! Hush puppies, fried Brussels sprouts were all so good. Make your reservation and be ready to be amazed.Excellent seafood, about a 10-min walk from Bourbon Street.  The Alabama oysters are divine - both varieties - and the grilled fish was HUGE and super tender.  Loved the chimichurri-type sauce they had on top.  Fried bread is worth trying, too.  Nice service and we loved the relaxed but upscale ambiance.  Definitely worth a stop!  Wish I'd had room for the key lime pie.This restaurant is amazing! The service is top notch, especially Tommy the manager who got us a great table and attended to is like we were the only patrons there that night. Having eaten at some if the best New York restaurants, I often find that when I travel to other cities, the restaurants don't match up. Not true with Pesce! From the service to the food, you will not be disappointed! All in all, a great dining experience!My partner and i came here for dinner on a Wednesday with another couple. We have heard nothing but rave reviews of Peche since it opened, and were excited for our dining experience ahead. We were all very, very disappointed. 
The atmosphere is quite loud, which was fine, there was no controlling that aspect. But the service was absolutely awful and made the whole meal unpleasant. 
1) Not only did it take 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, the server tried to take our order before bringing them out. She acted annoyed and inconvenienced that we wanted our drinks and a few minutes to look over the menu. She barely looked at us the whole evening
2) there are no descriptions on the menu of the dishes; this is where the server should come in. Our server described nothing, offered zero guidance, and even when I asked for recommendations, she replied, "I like the Mahi. And the tuna." ...that's it? No guidance or even a description of how it is prepared??
3) there was a piece of metal in my cocktail
4) they brought the check before we were finished eating, didn't even ask if we wanted after dinner drinks or desserts (which we did)
5) once we were *finally* finished, they dropped the check again. As our friend opened the check book to place her credit card in it, the server swooped in and TOOK IT OUT OF HER HAND before she could close it and set it back on the table!!
The food didn't blow me away, but it would have tasted better with good service. These people were impatient, unfriendly, and utterly inconvenienced by our presence. They were order takers, not servers--which is fine at McDonalds, but when my bill is over $200, I expect excellent service. One of us even mentioned to one of the servers how we felt rushed and disrespected. "That's just how we do it here. We're fast-paced here," he responded as he backed away then scurried off. 
We are SO disappointed with our experience here, and especially so because we had such high expectations. For great fish and excellent service, go a couple miles up the road to Superior Seafood.